Chapter 1105 - Chapter 1105: Proof Of Allegiance (2)

Chapter 1105: Proof of Allegiance (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He would become a material.

Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong also had expectant expressions. At this moment, they looked forward to Yin Ba not solving this problem and turning it into their cultivation material.

“1…”

“Call him Lord! What you and me? If you want to surrender, you have to show your sincerity!” Yin Wushu suddenly stomped his feet and roared.

Yin Ba’s energy core flickered with light. He was extremely angry. If he had a form, he would definitely be clenching his fists. If he had the chance, he would definitely kill Yin Wushu with a punch.

“That’s right. You’re not even willing to call him Lord. This means that you don’t have any sincerity in surrendering. Lord Xu Tui, kill it. Kill it immediately. It’s dangerous!” Yin Liulong added fuel to the fire.

These two people hoped that Yin Ba would die and become their cultivation materials. Xu Tui and the others, who were watching the show from the side, were actually a little happy. The guys from the Mechanical Spirit Race were really fun. Their battle was very exciting.

Xu Tui crossed his arms and watched the show. @@novelbin@@

Thirty seconds later, Yin Ba’s rapidly flickering energy core suddenly calmed

down. “Lord Xu Tui!”

Xu Tui was a little surprised. A planetary powerhouse had lowered his head to him just like that. However, he was not surprised. From the moment he asked to surrender, he did not have much dignity.

“Yes, I’m waiting for you to solve the safety threat. Otherwise, I really wouldn’t dare to accept your surrender. You understand. We humans of the Blue Star need to sleep. I prefer to sleep peacefully,” Xu Tui said.

“Lord Xu Tui, I think that my strength will definitely decrease greatly because of this battle. I should fall to the quasi-planetary realm, but it will definitely be comparable to ordinary quasi-planetary realms. If you can accept the Spirit Queen, you should be able to accept me,” Yin Ba said helplessly.

This was probably the most humiliating moment he had ever felt. If a Planetary realm wanted to surrender, he had to think of a way to make the other party accept him. However, he had no choice. Life was precious.

“You are different from the Spirit Queen.” Xu Tui shook his head. He did not care about the Spirit Queen present and said directly, “There’s a huge race behind the Spirit Queen. She has something to worry about and hope!

“As for you, you are stronger and alone. Of course, it was also related to my strength. So what if I can break through to the quasi-planetary realm and subdue you? If you ever have any ulterior motives, I can just kill you with one strike.”

These words made everyone’s hearts skip a beat.

He was really heroic. A quasi-planetary killing a Planetary realm with one strike!

This scene was really desirable.

Yin Ba was silent for a few seconds. “Sir, I understand what you mean, but I really don’t have anything that can make you feel especially at ease now. However, your Blue Star has a term called ‘proof of allegiance’. I can have this.”

Xu Tui looked at Yin Ba with an interested expression. “Tell me, what is your allegiance?”

“I can tell you the location of Planet Kono, the military strength of Lei Tian’s forward operating base, and the location of the transportation hub in the solar system, Ceres, as well as the outer space fortress of the forward operating base. I can tell you all the military-related information I know about the forward operating base. Is this allegiance enough?” Yin Ba said.

Xu Tui first looked at Yanzi and Lang Ju when he heard that.

Yanzi and Lang Ju were also stunned. Their greatest value in the past was two points. One was the information about Lei Tian’s forward operating base, and the other was the production of the quantum jade core.

The production of the quantum jade core was still in the process of finding the materials. Yanzi and Lang Ju did not mention anything about Lei Tian’s forward operating base. Clearly, it had the intention of being a rare commodity. However, at this moment, they were stunned!

Damn it, it was such important information. They had wanted to exchange it for major benefits from Xu Tui and use it to bargain. They even wanted to exchange it for some key things.

But now, Yin Ba had to say everything that was worthless as a form of allegiance. Suddenly, Yanzi felt that half of their value, or rather, their most important support, had been thrown away.

She was so depressed!

How infuriating!

If she had known, she would have said it earlier to exchange for benefits. Now, Yin Ba had taken it out as a pledge of allegiance, and they had nothing! She could not stop it either!

It was simply…

At this moment, Yanzi felt like she was stepping on dog poop when she went out. If she had known this would happen, she would have put down her reservedness just now and taken the initiative to participate in the battle. She would have taken the opportunity to destroy Yin Ba!

That way, their intelligence value would still be there.

Now…

Xu Tui’s smile at this moment was especially annoying to Yanzi.

Despicable! Treacherous!

There were all kinds of interpretations.

At this moment, Yin Ba felt that it should be possible. Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong were extremely disappointed. Their cultivation materials were gone?

However, Xu Tui shook his head.

“It’s not enough! Your allegiance is indeed valuable, but it’s only targeted at the Spiritual Race! You don’t have a sense of belonging to the Spiritual Race. So it’s not enough! If you want to be accepted by me, you need to show more allegiance,” Xu Tui said.

Yin Ba smiled bitterly. “Sir, do you want me to completely betray the

Mechanical Spirit Race?”

“Of course. You have to be more thorough in your allegiance.”

After thinking for only 30 seconds, Yin Ba made a decision. Since he had already become a traitor and sold himself, why not be more thorough?

“Sir, there are still two cultivation planets of the Mechanical Spirit Race. In addition, I know of three resource planets that belong exclusively to the Mechanical Spirit Race. Two of them produced Origin Crystals!” Yin Ba was completely letting himself go.

Before Xu Tui could be shocked, Yin Ba said, “Other than that, I also know about the three Spiritual Planets of the Spiritual Race here.”

“The same as the resource planet?” Xu Tui was really shocked this time.

How was this a show of allegiance? It was a treasure!

“That’s right!”

“Are there only these two on the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Planets in the solar system?” Xu Tui asked.

“It should be more than that. It’s impossible for Lei Tian to let us know everything. I only know these two. I accidentally found out about one of them,” Yin Ba said.

Xu Tui suddenly turned to look at Yanzi. “What about you? How many of Lei Tian’s Spiritual Planets do you know?”

Yanzi shook her head. “We really don’t know about that. In terms of defense, Lei Tian is even stricter than he is against the Mechanical Spirit Race.”

Xu Tui nodded. It was reasonable.

“Alright, Yin Ba, I’ll accept your allegiance!”

As soon as he said that, Yin Bat s heart was settled.

Yanzi was deep in thought with a helpless expression. She understood that from this moment on, the value of her ally was only the quantum jade core. If she could not take out the quantum jade core within a certain period of time, her outcome would be hard to say.

Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong looked like they were about to cry.

Their cultivation materials were gone!

It was probably still very far away if they wanted to take the opportunity to break through to the quasi-planetary realm. Xu Tui, who had seen through their thoughts, said softly, “Don’t worry. If you follow me, are you still afraid that you won’t have any cultivation resources? It won’t be long before we start fighting the Mechanical Spirit Race again. At that time, you will be able to improve! Just work hard.”

Only then did Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong prepare to control the Silver Ring for Yin Ba. In order to have more control, the two of them even worked together to customize a set of control rings for Yin Ba in a short period of time.

It was the same kind of ring as the Spirit Queen. Not only did it control the energy core, but it also controlled various parts of its body. If he was disobedient, he would explode one of the parts first.

Half a day later, Yin Bats energy core returned to his tattered body that had been hammered by the Spirit Queen. After absorbing and fusing half of Yin Qi’s corpse, Yin Ba’s power temporarily stabilized at the quasi-planetary realm. It was about the Dower of a mid-stage auasi-Dlanet. It was mainlv because two-thirds of his energy core had been lost by Xu Tui’s mental hammer after it was exposed. This loss was not something that could be made up for casually.

However, the knowledge and foundation of the planetary realm were there.

Although Yin Ba’s cultivation was only at the mid-stage of the quasi-planetary realm, it was not a problem for him to fight against a late-stage quasi-planetary realm or even a planetary realm powerhouse.

As for the other half of the corpse of Yin Qi, a planetary realm powerhouse, it was rewarded to Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong.

These two people were currently at the peak of the Transmutation Realm. After obtaining the body of a planetary powerhouse, their bodies had become even stronger. They could be considered to have the combat strength of two quasi-planets.

Xu Tui’s forces grew further.

“Let’s go back to Planet Spirit and rest.. Then, we’ll listen to the new member,

Yin Ba, and hear his allegiance!”