Chapter 1104 - Chapter 1104: Proof Of Allegiance (1)

Chapter 1104: Proof of Allegiance (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Value!

Safety!

This was the direction of Xu Tui’s consideration when he was considering how to deal with the captive planetary realm powerhouse, Yin Ba.

There was no need to mention its value.

The value of a planetary powerhouse like Yin Ba was extraordinary. Even if he was severely injured and his strength might decrease, as long as he had the resources and time, Yin Ba’s strength should be able to return to the planetary realm.

Other than that, the information that Yin Ba, a planetary realm captive, had was definitely extraordinary. Planetary realm powerhouses, even if they were only vassal races of the Spiritual Race, were definitely the core of Lei Tian’s forward operating base.

It was not the core decision -making level, but the core power. There were some things that they would definitely know.

For example, the exact location of the forward operating base and the key nodes of the Spiritual Race in the solar system.

These were priceless.

However, safety was a big problem.

To put it simply, if a person did not have good control or did not control him in time, he could silently wipe out the pioneer raiders.

Currently, other than Bu Qingqiu and Lavis, no one in the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had any room to resist the sneak attack of a planetary realm powerhouse.

They would definitely die!

If he could not solve the safety problem, Yin Ba would be like a time bomb if Xu Tui kept him. There was no such thing as guarding against thieves for a thousand days. Xu Tui could not sleep well if he could not deal with his safety.

Therefore, this was very important.

Xu Tui thought about it and called over Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong, the two defectors of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Now, their performance had already obtained Xu Tui’s basic trust.

“Can your silver rings control planetary powerhouses?”

Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong were stunned when they heard that. They instantly reacted when they saw the energy core flickering with powerful energy flllctll*tinnq in Nil Tlli’q hand

“Lord Xu Tui, did you capture an elder?”

“That’s right. We captured Yin Ba. He wants to surrender. I’m thinking about how to control him and confirm our safety,” Xu Tui said.

Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong looked at each other and said at the same time, “Sir, to be honest, we really don’t have any data on controlling planetary powerhouses. In theory, we could control the energy core of a planetary powerhouse if we used several Silver Rings. However, you know that the strength and speed of a planetary realm powerhouse is too fast. I’m afraid you won’t be able to control it in time.”

After a pause, Yin Wushu said, “Sir, I have a suggestion. I wonder if I can say

“Speak!”

“Sir, after Yin Liulong and I each devoured the energy core of a quasi-planet, we will be on the verge of a breakthrough. If Sir can distribute Lord Yin Ba’s energy core to the two of us, I guarantee that Yin Liulong and I will definitely be able to break through to the quasi-planetary realm in a month at most!

“Then, we would use even stronger power to pledge loyalty to the Lord! Our loyalty has already been proven to Sir!”

“You two traitors, how dare you harm me!” Yin Ba, who had heard it for a long time, suddenly cursed. @@novelbin@@

After all this, Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong actually wanted him to die. They wanted to use his energy core to increase their strength.

It was too much!

Xu Tui glanced at Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong. He already understood what these two guys were thinking.

Other than wanting to use Yin Ba’s energy core to increase their strength, they were also worried that Yin Ba would snatch their status. Yin Ba might even take the opportunity to take revenge on them after he surrendered.

This was something that he could use.

Xu Tui glanced at the roaring Yin Ba’s energy core. His gaze turned cold. “Is this your attitude of surrender?”

At the side, Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong were overjoyed. They were so happy that their energy cores were about to jump out. If he really gave them the energy core of the Elder Yin Ba, they would have completed an impossible leap. That would really be…

Yin Ba instantly became flustered after being questioned by Xu Tui. However, the dignity of a planetary powerhouse still gave him some restraint.

“No… That’s not what I meant,” Yin Ba quickly explained. “I didn’t call them traitors…” After saying that, Yin Ba felt that something was wrong and quickly said, “I think they betrayed…’

Yin Ba felt that he could not explain himself. After a few seconds of silence, Yin Ba suddenly said, “I scolded them because they harmed me!”

“Harm you?”

“Yes, they’re after my energy core. This is harming my safety,” Yin Ba said. “However, they’re right! Even if the Silver Ring is useful to you, you’re still a huge threat. After all, you’re a planetary powerhouse. If the distance is about the same, you can kill the owner of the controller,” Xu Tui said. At this point, Xu Tui suddenly thought of something.

He might as well let him solve his own problems!

Xu Tui had used this method on Lei Xiang.

At that time, because Lei Xiang’s cultivation level was too high, he could not pass through the temporary Quantum Portal. It was Lei Xiang’s idea to let Xu Tui and the others torture him and reduce his strength to a level where he could pass.

So now, he would let Yin Ba solve his own problem.

“Yin Ba, I believe that you have the sincerity to surrender. Death comes first. However, after I subdued you, your threat is indeed a huge safety problem for us. Do you have a good solution?”

However, as a planetary realm powerhouse, Yin Ba also understood that if he could not solve this problem well, he would probably only become a cultivation enhancement material for Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong..