Chapter 1108 - Chapter 1108: Spirit Return And The Land Of Inheritance (2)

Chapter 1108: Spirit Return and the Land of Inheritance (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I hope that Sir can change the policy of killing a Ant Commander when there are ten of them. It will be more lenient.” After being controlled by the Mechanical Spirit Race for so many years, the personality of the Spirit Queen had been worn away. Only caution was left. She did not even dare to raise any conditions directly.

Her heart ached for three seconds.

“Are there any more specifics?”

The Spirit Queen rolled her huge eyes. “Sir, an ant beast below the Evolution Realm has to return to its spirit before the age of 25. I hope to postpone it to 30. The Ant General will randomly return to its spirit after the age of 30. I hope to postpone it to 40. As for the policy of killing one Ant Commander when there are then, can you increase it to fifteen? Thirteen is okay too.”

An indescribable feeling rose in Xu Tui’s heart when he heard the Spirit Queen’s tone.

This was a weak race! This was the weak species that had been controlled and enslaved in the universe. Even their conditions were so pitiful.

Seeing that Xu Tui was silent, the Spirit Queen thought that Xu Tui was dissatisfied with his conditions. She quickly added, “Sir, if you think that the increase is a little large, you can reduce it a little more. I only hope that you can relax the survival environment of our ant-men race a little.”

At that moment, Xu Tui felt like the Spirit Queen was about to cry in his spiritual resonance.

It was really…

At the same time, Ah Huang sent the relevant data to Xu Tui. Xu Tui glanced at it and understood why the Spirit Queen did not care about the time of the ant beast’s return.

The level of life of an ant beast was relatively low, but it reproduced extremely quickly. Before the Mechanical Spirit Race descended on Planet Spirit, ant beasts could be said to be a disaster on Planet Spirit.

In the records of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s quantum data center, they had even discovered the ant-men massacring ant beasts when they first descended.

Ecological Balance.

Ever since the Mechanical Spirit Race established the Spiritual Cultivation Center, they controlled a large number of ant beasts to return to their spirits every year. Only then did the ecosystem of the Planet Spirit slowly recover.

Xu Tui did not give her any more lenient conditions. He went according to the requests that the Spirit Queen made. As for the request of killing one when there were fifteen, it would probably take years to gather fifteen Transmutation Realm Ant Commanders.

Even so, the Spirit Queen thanked him profusely.

“Spirit Queen, I’ll add another condition!”

The Spirit Queen became nervous again when she heard that. She was afraid that Xu Tui would put some heavy shackles on them again.

“As you can see, there might be a war next! In the future war, as long as you make a contribution, you can directly exempt a portion of the ant-men from returning to their spirits based on their contribution points. We can let them die of old age,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as these words were spoken, the Spirit Queen was shocked. “Sir, is that true?”

“Of course! As long as you perform well, even the entire ant-men race has the possibility of being exempted from returning to the spirit.”

This time, the Spirit Queen was completely excited. She was too excited. “Sir, don’t worry. In the future, our Ant Clan will never retreat on the battlefield!”

The Spirit Queen was looking forward to it. The fate of the ant-men being returned in their prime would probably be rewritten by her.

Xu Tui felt a little sad about the Spirit Queen’s performance. This was a down-and-out Queen, this was being stupid.

According to the data sent by Ah Huang, the total number of spirits produced by the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Spiritual Cultivation Center was 75%. Although the spirits contributed by the ant-men were hundreds of times that of a single ant beast, the difference in numbers was too great.

In the future, even if all the ant-men did not return to their spirits, Xu Tui would only reduce the loss of the silver box by a quarter.

It was completely acceptable.

What did Xu Tui have?

They had an additional suicide team of ant-men who wanted to make a contribution. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui nodded when he saw the excited Spirit Queen. Then, he looked at the Spirit Queen with interest. The idiom that the Spirit Queen used was quite smooth.

“Spirit Queen, you said that your language was taught to you by the previous Spirit Queen. Is your inheritance passed down by word of mouth?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

The Spirit Queen glanced at Xu Tui and said awkwardly, “Sir, it is true, but not true, either.”

“Why?”

“It’s passed down by word of mouth, but it was not directly taught to me by the previous generation’s Spirit Queen. Usually, the previous generation’s Spirit Queen would teach me a portion of the language and cultivation techniques, but this is very difficult to learn. I can only learn the general idea.

“Before the lifespan of the previous generation’s Spirit Queen runs out, she’ll send me to the Land of Inheritance. After I accept the inheritance, countless knowledge and language will appear in my mind. I will become very familiar with these things!

“The Ant Commanders and Ant Generals under me basically need five to ten years of study to master the basic language,” the Spirit Queen said.

“The Land of Inheritance? Can you bring me there to take a look?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course.”

The Spirit Queen agreed so readily that Xu Tui was stunned.

Xu Tui had thought that the Land of Inheritance would be a secret of the ant-men or even a taboo. It would definitely not allow outsiders to enter. However, the Spirit Queen agreed so readily.

Half a day later, the Spirit Queen brought Xu Tui to a valley in the mountains east of Planet Spirit. There was a cave in the valley.

“Sir, please follow me, ” the Spirit Queen said as she glanced at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not hesitate and followed after her. The Spirit Queen’s heart skipped a beat. The lord in front of her was really not afraid at all. He actually dared to follow her into the cave alone.

Was this bravery? Or was he extremely confident in his strength? The Spirit Queen felt that from her observations over the past few days, it should be the latter.

The cave was very clean. There was no strange smell. There were traces of cleaning. However, it was very deep. It seems to go deep underground. There was a glowing stone embedded in the cave wall every few hundred meters. Although it was not bright, he could barely see it.

“Did we go 3,000 meters underground?” Xu Tui suddenly asked after walking for a long time.

“Yes, Sir. The underground of our inheritance is in the deepest part of the underground,” the Spirit Queen said.

After going deeper for half an hour, a huge stone door suddenly appeared in front of him. Xu Tui thought of something when he saw the stone door. He threw out a Magnetic Absorb to illuminate the area.

He first carefully observed his surroundings and scanned them with his mental perception. He did not find any traps. However, the stone door in front of him, including the entire mountain wall, seemed to be made of a special material.

Xu Tui’s mental perception could not go deeper than half a meter.

What kind of material was this? It actually had the ability to block mind power. Out of curiosity, Xu Tui slowly placed his palm on the stone door. He was prepared to take a sample and bring it back for research.

In the technological system, the discovery of a new material might produce a material revolution and push technology to advance by leaps and bounds. Many times, materials restricted technology.

However, the moment Xu Tui placed his palm on the stone door, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind suddenly shone with a red light. Amidst the light, the aura of the red fire slip spread out without holding back. Powerful, terrifying, sharp, and warm like a wave!

Xu Tui was shocked.

The huge Spirit Queen at the side was frightened by the aura that erupted from the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s body. She fell to the ground. Her eyes were filled with fear..