Chapter 1107 - Chapter 1107: Spirit Return And The Land Of Inheritance (1)

Chapter 1107: Spirit Return and the Land of Inheritance (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There were a total of nine materials listed by Yanzi to make the quantum jade core. There was only one main ingredient, a useless Origin Crystal. It was the Origin Crystals that had used up all their energy, and it had to be natural. They had to be condensed after the death of a quasi-planetary or planetary powerhouse.

Other than that, six of the other eight materials were produced by the Planet Spirit. They were not too valuable materials.

The only problem now was that he lacked these two things. This was the first time Xu Tui had heard these two names. One of the materials was called Meteorite Ash, and the other was called Purple Star Crystal.

There were no such materials in the Blue Star’s Imowledge system. After Yanzi’s explanation, Xu Tui roughly understood the production and source of these two materials. According to Yanzi, these two materials were very little used in the quantum jade core. They only needed a little, but they were very important. It would definitely not work without it.

These two materials were related to the evolution of the universe.

According to Yanzi, the meteorite ash was a paste produced by the starfall. After experiencing the tempering of the various energies of the starfall, its nature would be very stable. It could be said to be a key stabilizer for the quantum jade core.

As for the Purple Star Crystal, it usually came from the core of the planet. It was the toughest substance discovered so far.

Without it strengthening the load, the quantum array core would not be able to withstand repeated strong energy impacts. At the same time, it was also one of the key substances that connected the energy within the planet.

This is the only thing that could continuously absorb the energy of the planet itself from within the planet to maintain its operations after the quantum teleportation channel was formed with a special method.

Under normal circumstances, these two materials would appear around the collapse or explosion of a star. According to the state of space floating, in theory, there might be some on the Planet Spirit.

Therefore, Xu Tui immediately went to look for the Spirit Queen.

Yanzi gave Xu Tui relevant characteristics and images.

“Have you seen these two things on Planet Spirit?” Xu Tui asked the Spirit

Queen.

The Spirit Queen looked at it for a while and slowly shook her head. “I’ve never seen it.”

“Get the ant-men and ant-beasts under your command to search the entire @@novelbin@@

Planet Spirit and discover clues about these two items, including the Origin Crystal mine. I’ll reward you with 100 grams of Origin Crystals if they discover them,” Xu Tui said.

The eyes of the Spirit Queen lit up slightly. Although this reward was not too tempting to her, 100 grams of Origin Crystals was quite a lot.

“Alright, Sir.”

“How long will it take to complete?”

The Spirit Queen thought for a moment and reported a number. “Sir, it will take five days.”

“Alright, I’ll wait five days for you.”

These two materials were related to the production of the quantum jade core. Xu Tui naturally could not just rely on the Spirit Queen alone. There was a probability of finding it on Planet Spirit, but the probability of not finding it on Planet Spirit was higher.

“Ah Huang, search for floating objects and passing celestial bodies in the surrounding space through the remote-sensing quantum radar of Spirit I and Il. If you find any characteristics that match these two things, inform me immediately! Also, I will order Lavis to be on standby at Spirit I. If he discovers anything and the disc-shaped combat jet can’t intercept it, get him to take off immediately,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright.”

After Xu Tui gave Ah Huang the order, the Spirit Queen reported to Xu Tui again, “Sir, the order has been given. In the past few days, the movements of the Ant Commanders and the Ant Generals might become more frequent. Only they can control countless ant beasts.”

Xu Tui nodded. “The lifespan of an ant beast is usually ten years, right?”

As soon as these words were spoken, the Spirit Queen immediately thought of something. Her huge eyes trembled. “Sir, do you want…”

“Previously, the Mechanical Spirit Race set a time limit of seven years for the return of an ant beast. If an ant beast only has a lifespan of ten years, we hope that these ant beasts can return to their spirits before they die,” Xu Tui said.

Spiritual return referred to when the Mechanical Spirit Race was nurturing and controlling them. All the ant beasts had to enter the Spiritual Cultivation Center when they grew to seven years old. Then, they would be programmed to die. The spirits after their deaths would be collected by the equipment in the Spiritual Cultivation Center and finally gathered in the silver box in the spiritual chamber.

The value of this thing was very important.

Xu Tui would not use this method if it was used on his own species, such as the Blue Star Humans raised by the Spiritual Race.

However, Xu Tui would not feel any burden if he used it on an ant. He thought about it. Xu Tui had just liberated the ant-men a few days ago, but now, he wanted the ant beasts to return to their spirits.

He had a feeling that the young man who had killed a dragon in just a few days had become an evil dragon.

Looking at the Spirit Queen, Xu Tui added, “Of course, you don’t have to wait seven years. You can return to your spirit after you grow to eight or even nine years old.”

The Spirit Queen looked at Xu Tui with her huge eyes. “Sir, there’s no problem with an ant beast returning to its spirit. Basically, an ant beast is not my kind. There was no need for them to live until they were eight or nine years old before returning to their spirits. They could return when they were seven or even when they were six years old. However, I hope that you can consider giving the ant-men more free time, Sir.”

The Spirit Queen’s words surprised Xu Tui. Xu Tui did not expect the Spirit Queen to not care about the time when the ant beast returned to its spirit.

“Tell me about your request.” Xu Tui thought of another question as he asked.

He quicklv zot Ah Huang to investizate the annual reproduction of the ant

beasts on Planet Spirit.

“Sir, the ant-men are my kind, but the ant-men grow slowly. I hope that you can collectively delay the return of ordinary ant-men and ant generals..”