Chapter 1109 - Chapter 1109: Condition And Dual Cultivation

Chapter 1109: Condition and Dual Cultivation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Although the red fire slip in his mind was shining uncontrollably, Xu Tui did not panic. This was not the first time.

However, the aura of the red fire slip this time was even more intense than the previous few times. There was an additional sharpness in its explosive aura. Xu Tui carefully sensed it. It was the aura of the small sword that had appeared on the back of the red fire slip.

Has this small sword taken shape?

Xu Tui was not too sure.

He slowly injected his mind power into the red fire slip to comfort and control it. The red light that erupted from the red fire slip slowly converged, but it was still emitting a shocking red light. However, Xu Tui immediately understood what the red fire slip meant after he injected his mind power.

Behind the stone door was what the red fire slip needed.

According to the intensity of the information fluctuations from the red fire slip, it was very important. The reactions of the red fire slip when Xu Tui was exploring the Blue Star, such as Mount Tai and the Sun Temple, were much lighter.

What would be behind the stone door?

Xu Tui turned around and was stunned when he saw the limp Spirit Queen.

“Spirit Queen, what are you doing?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Sir, the aura that erupted from your body just now was too terrifying! It vaguely seems to be a little similar to our Ancestral God’s aura!” the Spirit

Queen said.

“The aura of an Ancestral God?”

“You have an Ancestral God? Why don’t I see you worshiping him?” Xu Tui was

The Spirit Queen pointed at the stone door. “The ancestral god is inside the stone door. I’ve only seen it once when I was accepting the inheritance.”

“What does the Ancestral God look like? How did you accept the inheritance?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

The Spirit Queen gestured at Xu Tui for a long time before Xu Tui understood. It was a stone statue, but its appearance was very blurry. When accepting the inheritance, she only needed to kneel in front of the stone statue.

This stunned Xu Tui.

Based on the reaction of the red fire slip just now and the previous situation, Xu Tui instinctively guessed that there might be a similar fire slip inside. However, he did not expect it to be a stone statue. The need for the red fire slip was still very urgent.

However, when Xu Tui’s hand left the stone door, the red fire slip immediately quietened down. This stone door was really magical.

“Open it,” Xu Tui ordered the Spirit Queen.

As soon as he said that, the Spirit Queen, who was half-kneeling on the ground, had a bitter expression. “Sir, I can’t open it.”

“You can’t open it? You cant open your Land of Inheritance?” Xu Tui did not believe her.

“The experience I received in the inheritance is that this stone door can be opened every 60 years.”

“I remember that it has been 120 years since you became the Spirit Queen, right? With this time, it’s enough to open it twice,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s true. However, Sir, there are still conditions for opening the stone door. You need energy! According to the inheritance, the Land of Inheritance is deep underground and constantly absorbing the energy deep in the planet. Other than waiting for 60 years, we also have to wait for it to absorb enough energy,” the Spirit Queen said.

“How do I judge?” Xu Tui asked.

“The color of the stone door. The stone door is light yellow now. It can be opened when the stone door completely turns white,” the Spirit Queen said.

He had not noticed the color previously. Now that he looked at it, the stone door was indeed a faint yellow. Furthermore, there was a hint of white at the bottom.

However, was what the Spirit Queen said true?

“Then according to your estimates, how many years will it take to open it?” Xu Tui asked the Spirit Queen.

“Sir, according to my estimates, we will have to wait another 30 years to open the Land of Inheritance again.” The Spirit Queen touched the stone door with her tentacles.

Xu Tui let out a cold laugh when he heard that. “It can only be opened after 30 years. It turns out that you brought me here to see the loneliness and to play with me! You want me to wait here for 30 years?”

The Spirit Queen was helpless. Before she brought Xu Tui here, she did not expect that this place would trigger a change in Xu Tui’s aura. It made Xu Tui want to enter so badly.

“Sir, I definitely wouldn’t dare to do that. Sir, during the process of opening the Land of Inheritance, if there’s not enough time and energy, there’s a way to speed up,” the Spirit Queen said.

“Oh, what method? Tell me quickly.” To be honest, Xu Tui was really curious about the thing behind the door.

“Invest Origin Crystals and speed up the energy absorption of the stone door.” “How much do I have to invest?” Xu Tui asked.

“Sir, I really don’t know about this. I’ve never tried it before! However, it’s easy to find out. Invest a few grams of Origin Crystals and we’ll be able to roughly calculate it.” After saying that, the Spirit Queen looked at Xu Tui. She looked like she was waiting for him to test her. In any case, she would not take out her Origin Crystal.

Her Origin Crystal was very precious.

How petty!

Xu Tui, who had understood the Spirit Queen’s mind through his spiritual resonance, looked down on her. He took out 10 grams of Origin Crystals and threw them at the bottom of the stone door according to the Spirit Queen’s instructions.

Currently, the stockpile and production of Origin Crystals were relatively scarce. They were even a little lacking in cultivation. Xu Tui did feel a little pained.

Miraculously, when 10 grams of Origin Crystals were thrown to the bottom of the stone door, Xu Tui could sense that the Origin Energy in the Origin Crystal was quickly absorbed by the stone door.

In less than a minute, the energy in the 10 grams of Origin Crystals was completely absorbed. What was even more magical was that at the bottom of the stone door, there was a faint yellow color. A small area visible to the naked eye had turned white. It turned into the white color that the Spirit Queen mentioned.

From this change, the Spirit Queen was not lying. What she said previously was true. He threw out another 10 grams of Origin Crystals and changed to different positions. The changes were the same.

It happened three times in a row.

Xu Tui looked at the changes to the stone door thoughtfully. Based on the current data, he might have to continuously invest 2,000 to 4,000 grams of Origin Crystals to activate it.

“How is it? How many Origin Crystals do I need to activate the Land of Inheritance?” Xu Tui asked as he looked at the Spirit Queen behind the stone door.

A minute later, the Spirit Queen slowly retracted her antennae and said slowly, “Sir, I can sense that it still needs about 3,100 to 3,300 grams of Origin Crystals to fill the stone door with energy before I can activate it.”

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. The senses of the Spirit Queen were much more accurate than his.

After saying that, the Spirit Queen said, “Sir, if we invest now, we can also activate it. I can contribute all the 1,000 Origin Crystals that you rewarded me previously. You only need to provide another 2,300 grams of Origin Crystals.

Also, no matter what benefits you obtain, just replenish 2,000 grams of Origin

Crystals for the stone door.”

The Spirit Queen had been very stingy previously. Now, she suddenly became very generous. This surprised Xu Tui. “Why are you so proactive?”

“Sir, to be honest, we can accept the second inheritance. After the second inheritance, we might be able to understand many things that we did not understand previously and improve ourselves.

“My lifespan is about 200 years, but for the sake of the continuation of the species, I can’t easily carry out a second inheritance.

“Now that Sir has taken out Origin Crystals to replenish the consumption of the stone door, and I can obtain some benefits, I can naturally try to carry out the second inheritance,” the Spirit Queen said.

Xu Tui was stunned.

It seemed that she had taken him for a rich man. That was why she had actively activated the Land of Inheritance. Actually, from the reaction of the red fire slip, Xu Tui wanted to be a rich man. The reaction of the red fire slip would definitely not lie to him.

There should be benefits to be gained!

However, the problem was that Xu Tui was short of money. Xu Tui would have to use up all of the Origin Crystals he had to activate the stone door, let alone the Origin Crystals that he had used to replenish the energy of the stone door.

Xu Tui thought about it and put an end to the urge to give it a try. There might be good things in the stone door, but the gains might not be the same. However, Origin Crystals could increase his strength.

The worst thing was that he did not panic even though he had the Origin Crystal. This was a strategic resource. It could save his life at the critical moment. He could even throw it at Lavis and let him unleash his combat strength.

If he were to put it all in, he would not have any Origin Crystals left. Currently, the production of Origin Crystals on Planet Spirit is only 30 grams a day and 900 grams a month. He had to put the problem of the shortage of Origin Crystals on the agenda.

Under the expectant gaze of the Spirit Queen, Xu Tui turned to leave. “This is the land of inheritance of the ant-men. What if I go in and take the benefits you deserve? Think about it. We’ll activate it after you’ve thought it through. I’ll give you three months to consider.”

After saying that, Xu Tui stepped on his flying sword and instantly left.

The Spirit Queen was tongue-tied as she watched Xu Tui leave. She wanted to say that she did not need three months. She had already thought it through. It did not matter how many benefits Xu Tui would get as long as she could complete the second inheritance.

Without Xu Tui’s help, she would not have been able to complete the second inheritance on her own. However, Xu Tui was very determined. The flying sword circled in a beautiful S-shape. He did not even give the Spirit Queen a chance to speak.

She thought about it and secretly gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. “Brilliant!”

Xu Tui was the best. He even gave her three months to consider. If this was the Mechanical Spirit Race, they would definitely blow their doors open.

In the distance, Xu Tui, who was flying on his sword, had a depressed expression. To hell with brilliant! He was poor!

If he had 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals in his hands, he would have smashed open the ant-men’ inheritance base long ago. Why would he wait three months?

It was mainly because he did not have any Origin Crystals in his hands. Otherwise, Xu Tui did not want to wait a day.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui, who was a little depressed because he was poor, arrived at An Xiaoxue’s room.

This was because Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had already started a semi-public life without any shame. Ah Huang, the commander-in-chief, had used its power for personal gain to prepare a larger room for Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue so that no one would hear them. @@novelbin@@

Anna was in An Xiaoxue’s room when Xu Tui arrived. When she saw Xu Tui arrive, Anna let out a soft cry and quickly stood up.

“The regiment commander is here. I’ll get going first. Xiaoxue, you guys do your thing! ”

An Xiaoxue blushed when she heard Anna say, “You guys do your thing.” She did not know what to say and was at a loss.

Xu Tui, who had already become thick-skinned, smiled and waved at Anna. Anna even considerately closed the door for the two of them. Before she closed the door, Anna said to An Xiaoxue, “Xiaoxue, the regiment commander is so strong. I’m so envious of you!”

Xu Tui:

After Anna left, An Xiaoxue’s pretty face darkened. She was a little unhappy. “You’re in broad daylight! Although… you have to pay attention to your influence! I…

An Xiaoxue pinched the corner of her shirt. She was a little unhappy. Xu Tui came again during the day. Although..

“No, Xiaoxue, you’re wrong. I didn’t come over to look for you for that. You and Anna misunderstood. You were wrong,” Xu Tui quickly explained.

An Xiaoxue blushed again. Could she have been wrong? Perhaps they had really thought wrongly?

“Then why are you looking for me?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Xiaoxue, I’m here to study dual cultivation with you!”

An Xiaoxue’s face turned red when she heard that. After talking for a long time, it was still the same thing. She understood the term dual cultivation. An Xiaoxue was so angry that she whipped Xu Tui with her mind power.

Xu Tui was stunned. He was stunned for a moment before he reacted.

“Xiaoxue, don’t be so dirty, okay? By dual cultivation, I mean for the two of them to cultivate together and speed up their cultivation speed!

“It’s not the dual cultivation you’re thinking about!” Xu Tui quickly explained. “How can the two people speed up their cultivation?” An Xiaoxue was puzzled.

Xu Tui explained his thoughts to An Xiaoxue. An Xiaoxue seemed to understand. He said despicably, “Look, I told you that your thoughts are unhealthy and dirty. You thought crookedly…”

“You’re the dirty one!”

An Xiaoxue, who was both embarrassed and angry, had already kicked Xu Tui’s butt. Of course, this was because Xu Tui had given way..