Chapter 1106 - Chapter 1106: The Key Points Of Attack And Defense (1)

Chapter 1106: The Key Points of Attack and Defense (1)

Proof of allegiance was proof of allegiance. Safety was safety!

Although he had given Yin Ba the same silver ring as the Spirit Queen, he only controlled life and death, not his mind and thoughts.

Xu Tui put the controller away in front of Yin Ba. In that case, if Yin Ba really had any ill intentions, his first target would definitely be Xu Tui. However, Xu Tui still arranged for Yin Ba to be outside the first main base after he returned to Planet Spirit. The risk of putting him in the main base was too great.

At the same time, he brought Yin Liulong back to the Planet Spirit and asked Yin Liulong to keep an eye on Yin Ba outside. The Spirit Queen and Lavis were secretly watching too.

It was impossible for Yin Ba to gain Xu Tui’s trust without the precipitation of time. It had to be said that Yin Ba was very thorough. Not long after he returned to Planet Spirit, he told them all the information he had mentioned.

They did not know if it was true or not. There was a high chance that it was true.

Xu Tui used his spiritual resonance to sense Yin Ba’s situation the entire time.

This was especially so for the locations of the resource planets of the Spiritual Race and the Mechanical Spirit Race that Yin Ba mentioned. Xu Tui drooled when he heard that.

A few planets were not too far away from the location of Planet Spirit.

Xu Tui wished he could go out and plunder now. This was especially so on a cultivation planet. There would definitely be silver boxes. This was a treasure that could directly increase one’s strength.

However, Xu Tui still calmed down. It was certain that he would take the initiative to attack, but he had to be prepared for many things. Otherwise, it would be troublesome if they were surrounded or raided.

He had to be careful.

After all, both the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Spiritual Race were many times stronger than the current Xu Tui.

At the same time, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders also needed a period of rest.

With Ah Huang’s intervention, the first main base of Planet Spirit began to operate at high speed. Through the Mechanical Spirit Race’s aircraft, the resources of the various resource bases were transported to the first main base in an orderly manner.

The number of Ah Huang’s dwarf robots was rapidly increasing. The entire main base had become a large construction site.

Everyone was remodeling the first main base with the mood of building a home. They wanted to modify it to be more suitable for the survival of the Blue Star Humans.

Living facilities were easy to build. However, what Ah Huang had tried its best to modify in the past few days were the defense facilities and safe houses.

Other than the outer defense of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Ah Huang had built two more defense lines. It was not to guard against external enemies, but to guard against internal changes.

For example, the ant-men outside the base and the current Mechanical Spirit

Race.

It was mainly to warn them.

“The Mechanical Spirit Race’s disc-shaped combat jet still has many redeeming qualities, especially its speed! I can improve it and increase the speed of the disc-shaped combat jet by about 5%. Moreover, there was a ready-made production line in the first main base.

“In the future, as long as we have enough materials, we can produce the Hunter Disk Number One ourselves,” Ah Huang said.

“Arrange for it. I’ll leave all the technological research and production to you, including the expansion of the resource base. Of course, if you have any major actions or some key materials, let me know,” Xu Tui said.

“From today onwards, you are the commander-in-chief of Base One,” Xu Tui said.

“I’m commander-in-chief? I’m highest rank? What about you?” Ah Huang was puzzled.

“I’m a regiment commander. I don’t care about you, the commander-in-chief.” It was rare for Xu Tui to joke with Ah Huang.

“That’s good. In that case, no one will block me! I should be able to operate efficiently.”

Actually, this was also the fundamental reason why Xu Tui asked Ah Huang to manage these matters.

Ah Huang currently stored all the technological information on the Blue Star, most of the technological information on the Mechanical Spirit Race, and Cai Shaochu’s cutting-edge research.

Many technological inventions were most importantly data research and calculations.

Giving a direction and constantly deducing and calculating to calculate a model required powerful computing power.

Ah Huang happened to satisfy this.

Putting aside creativity and inventive abilities, in terms of pure scientific research ability, Ah Huang, an advanced artificial intelligence with a spirit, could instantly kill most of the researchers on the Blue Star Technique.

“Then leave it to me?”

“Leave it to you. By the way, how’s your cultivation?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“My cultivation should be at the current Mutation Realm of the Blue Star,” Ah Huang said.

“So fast?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Is it fast?”

“Let me count.” Xu Tui counted with his fingers. “It’s only been a month since you obtained the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, right? Under normal circumstances, it’s already good enough that you’re at the Genetic Liberation Realm.”

“Don’t forget, I used the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body of a Planetary realm powerhouse. My starting point is very high. Most importantly, I realized that the cultivation method of the Great Xi Clan is actually very simple and direct.” “Simple and direct?”

“Actually, they don’t need Origin Crystals for their cultivation. As long as it’s energy, they can absorb and convert it. But they need a lot of it! When the construction of the base is on the right track, my cultivation should be able to speed up!” Ah Huang said.

“Use energy directly? Then what about Lavis?” Xu Tui frowned. He had to pay attention to the risks on Lavis’ side.

“The efficiency of directly using energy is actually relatively low. It can replenish energy faster and be used to improve yourself. The best is naturally the Origin Crystal. You don’t have to worry too much about Lavis,” Ah Huang said.

Ah Huang’s mention of Origin Crystals reminded Xu Tui of something else. It was time to distribute a portion of the Origin Crystals to the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. It could be considered comforting.

To cultivators, Origin Crystals were like food. They did not panic when they had food in their stomachs. Everyone was given 100 to 200 grams of Origin Crystals first. Xu Tui kept the remaining 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals for himself to cultivate. @@novelbin@@

The internal circulation channels of Xu Tui’s mental hammer and the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain were basically increasing at the speed of one to two a day.

Xu Tui’s strength was not accumulating bit by bit.

It was the same for the next few days.

On the 24th of February, Xu Tui found Yanzi.

Yanzi had a vigilant expression when she saw Xu Tui’s sudden arrival. But after many interactions, the awkwardness and aggro from before had faded a lot.

“Yanzi, I want to talk to vou about the quantum iade core.”

In the seven to eight days since he returned from Spirit I, Xu Tui was not only cultivating. Other than “fighting” with An Xiaoxue every day, he spent the rest of his time discussing future strategies with An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Yan Lie, and Ah Huang.

This was a must.

There were two problems. One was defense, and the other was attack. The defense was very simple. The Mechanical Spirit Race had sent two planetary realm elders and five quasi-planetary experts this time.

There would definitely be follow-up actions.

However, this follow-up action should not be a desperate gamble.

There were two reasons: Firstly, the PLanet Spirit was very important to the Mechanical Spirit Race. It was a private item of the Mechanical Spirit Race. However, the Mechanical Spirit Race did not only have Planet Spirit as a private item.

According to Yin Ba’s information, there were at least five other private goods like the Planet Spirit. Yin Ba was one of the Planetary realm elders in the Mechanical Spirit Race, so he did not know everything.

This meant that there might be more than five private goods developed by the Mechanical Spirit Race without the Spiritual Race knowing.

The Mechanical Spirit Race had suffered a huge loss on Planet Spirit. They would not give up easily, they would definitely not show their hand too easily either.

The second point was that the current Mechanical Spirit Race could not do anything.

The Mechanical Spirit Race was a vassal race of the Spiritual Race. Planetary realm powerhouses like them only had a certain level of freedom. They did not have absolute freedom.

If the remaining four Planetary powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race were to gather, the Spiritual Race would be shocked and deal with the Mechanical Spirit Race first even without Xu Tui taking action.

It was even difficult to mobilize three Planetary realm powerhouses at once.

At the same time, the Mechanical Spirit Race had lost two Planetary powerhouses, Yin Qi and Yin Ba, in this battle. These were all important planetary powerhouses in Lei Tian’s forces.

According to Yin Ba, the biggest headache for their second brother, Elder Yin Er, at this moment was probably not Planet Spirit anymore. Instead, it was the disappearance of two planetary powerhouses.

This was his big problem!

Therefore, in terms of defense, the Mechanical Spirit Race would definitely take action against Planet Spirit. However, it should be safe in the short term.

As for the attack, it was the information he had obtained from Yin Ba.

If Xu Tui could obtain the resources of the Spiritual Race and the Mechanical Spirit Race that Yin Ba had provided, the strength of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders would definitely increase qualitatively.

However, at the same time, it would also bring fatal danger to the Worldly Pioneer Raiders.

Xu Tui could guarantee that as long as he took down another resource planet or cultivation planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the elders of the Mechanical Spirit Race would definitely fight Xu Tui to the death.

It was the same on Lei Tian’s side!

Therefore, after comprehensive consideration, be it defense or offense, they would be related to Yanzi in the future. Or rather, it was related to the quantum jade core in Yanzi’s hand. If Yanzi could create a quantum jade core, Xu Tui would be able to create a quantum array core as long as it was not one or two pieces.

With the quantum array core, Xu Tui and the others could set up a quantum teleportation channel. With the quantum teleportation channel, the strategic advantage was indescribable, be it in attack or defense.

The strategic mobility was extremely strong.

This was the first element that Xu Tui and the others had come up with after studying the strategy for a few days. With or without the quantum jade core, the future would definitely be different.

“You know about Yin Ba, but our previous agreement will not change! The prerequisite is that you need to help me create a quantum jade core. You should understand that this is your value,” Xu Tui said directly.

“I understand! However, I need materials. You can’t make bricks without straw. What should I do if you don’t give me the materials?” Yanzi said.

“Didn’t I ask Ah Huang to provide it to you?” Xu Tui was stunned. Just as he was about to ask Ah Huang, Yanzi said, “A portion was sent over. There are still three things that haven’t been sent over! “There are no substitutes for two of the remaining three materials!”

“So you’re short of two materials?” Xu Tui asked.

Yanzi nodded.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui, who had obtained the detailed data, arrived at the mountain where the Spirit Queen lived..