Chapter 1102 - Chapter 1102: Trap

Chapter 1102: Trap

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The shock in Xu Tui’s heart was indescribable.

There were actually two planetary powerhouses.

To be honest, the four battle plans that had been prepared previously, including the emergency retreat plan, were all targeted at a planetary powerhouse. He had even expected the interval between the arrival of the two planetary powerhouses to be shorter. However, he did not expect the two planetary powerhouses to arrive at the same time.

Xu Tui’s first reaction was that Yin Wushu had betrayed them.

However, be it the passive perception of his spiritual resonance or Yin Wushu’s performance, it indicated that Yin Wushu was not a warrior who was unafraid of death and could sacrifice himself for his race.

Moreover, the Control Center of the base had long been taken over by Ah Huang and monitored. Yin Wushu had no chance to betray them.

In an instant, Xu Tui firmly believed in himself. His spiritual resonance instantly transmitted calm, fearless, and confident emotions to the terrified Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong to comfort them. At this moment, if Xu Tui panicked first, he would not be able to fight today’s battle. He might as well escape.

Whether it was a planetary realm or two planetary realm experts, Xu Tui and the others had a huge advantage if they made preparations.

With Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance comforting them, Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong were no longer as flustered.

“They’ll be here in a few minutes. According to my calculations, it will take at most five minutes.”

“Then confirm who it is according to your normal procedures. Don’t ask any unnecessary questions. Just follow the normal procedures. Don’t worry, I can deal with two planetary experts,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui’s confidence made Yin Wushu much calmer.

Xu Tui walked back to the underground aura-shielding room and explained the situation in the simplest language. While everyone was shocked, Xu Tui said directly, “Use Operation Number Four immediately. Everyone, act according to

Operation Number Four.”

There was no time to discuss. Xu Tui had to make his own decisions.

“Miss Bu, it will be hard on you.” Xu Tui took out a strengthened three-phase thermal bomb and handed Tri Ling Ding to Bu Qingqiu.

“It’s fine. As long as they walk in, we will definitely cause them damage,” Bu Qingqiu said confidently.

A minute later, Bu Qingqiu quickly arrived at the underground prison of the Spirit I. She poured out half a bottle of water. The water light was filled with the strengthened version of the three-phase thermal bomb. Then, it slowly turned into another Bu Qingqiu.

Xu Tui put on the control torture device for the Transmogrification Bu Qingqiu. Then, he put one on Tri Ling Ding.

At the side, Tri Ling Ding, who had a pair of small wings and an antenna, had a bitter expression. “Can you not let me participate? This thing won’t kill me, but it will make me feel very uncomfortable.”

“It’s best if you use it to attract attention. Perform well and I’ll give you 10 grams of Origin Crystals after the incident,” Xu Tui said.

Tri Ling Ding still had a bitter expression.

“Twenty grams.” Xu Tui increased the price. In the next moment, Tri Ling Ding was instantly amused. “Don’t worry, Boss. I will definitely complete the mission.”

Xu Tui had a look of disdain. If 10 grams of Origin Crystals was not enough, 20 grams of Origin Crystals would be enough to capture it.

Before Bu Qingqiu and Xu Tui left, Xu Tui continuously pulled out his Mental Vibrating Whip and dispersed the remnant of Bu Qingqiu’s mental fluctuations.

At the same time, Yin Wushu also began his routine docking.

“Honorable Elder Yin Ba, the energy detector has detected the energy fluctuations of a planetary realm beside you. Five quasi-planetary realm energy fluctuations. This is not in line with the situation when we communicated previously. We need to know the specific situation.” Yin Wusnu’s voice was very stable.

“Oh, Elder Yin Qi’s journey went smoothly. We met up on the way and rushed over together. What’s the situation on Planet Spirit now?”

“Elder, that group of people seems to have reinforcements after attacking Planet Spirit! A fleet passed by three days ago and temporarily lost control due to the interference of our strong magnetic field.

“Our forces forcefully attacked and destroyed the enemy’s fleet and captured two enemies. However, these two enemies are a little strange. We haven’t obtained any effective information for the time being,” Yin Wushu took the initiative to report.

“You captured the captives of the reinforcements? How strange?”

“One of the fleets of the Blue Star humans is a Blue Star human, but the other is not a Blue Star human. It’s very strange. Our current interrogation methods are basically useless.”

As he spoke, Yin Wushu projected the appearance of Tri Ling Ding to Yin Ba.

Yin Ba was shocked when he saw Tri Ling Ding.

“The Ling Clan, and a young Ling Clan. However, its appearance is a little strange.” As if he had thought of something, Yin Bats electronic eyes suddenly flickered, and his voice was filled with joy.

“We’ll go over and interrogate him ourselves later!” Yin Ba said.

Almost at the same time, Ah Huang, who controlled the Spirit I, had already transmitted the contents of the exchange to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that.

The first step of Operation Number Four had succeeded. However, this was normal. The few of them scratched their heads and studied the details several times. It would be strange if it did not succeed.

Three minutes later, several streams of light landed on Spirit I from the pitch-black space.

Xu Tui could sense that Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong were a little nervous. Before he closed the shield door, he had slightly affected their minds through his spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation.

As the stream of light landed, Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong quickly bowed. Even though Xu Tui was inside the screened door, Ah Huang was the one controlling the base of Spirit I. Ah Huang still transmitted the image to Xu Tui through the line.

There were a total of five quasi-planetary experts and two planetary experts.

The appearance of the Mechanical Spirit Race was not much different in the eyes of the Blue Star Humans, but there was still a difference if one observed carefully.

Yin Ba was slightly smaller. His right arm protected the form of an oversized launcher, while his left arm was in its normal form. Yin Qi was even more muscular. His left arm was an energy blaster, and his right arm was a large saw blade. He was a little stronger.

However, Yin Qi and Yin Ba were not in a hurry to see the captives. Instead, they first understood the situation on Planet Spirit.

“You’re saying that among the enemies who invaded Planet Spirit, there are not planetary realms, but two to three quasi-planetary realms! The strong energy fluctuations detected are extremely in line with the explosive frequency of the three-phase thermal bombs of the Blue Star humans?” Yin Ba asked.

“Yes, Elder. We’ve done many remote sensing and detection over the past few days. We’ve already checked their current location. They’re in the Heavenly Fiend Hall. There are more than 15 people, not more than 25.” As he spoke, Yin Wushu displayed the various information that he had prepared in advance.

Looking at the various information, Yin Qi glanced coldly at Yin Wushu and said, “At least you’re not too useless. You’ve done enough preparations. I originally planned to refine a piece of trash like you first. I didn’t expect you to do a good job. I’ll keep you for a few more days to see the results!”

Yin Qi’s words made Yin Wushu break out in a cold sweat.

Yin Ba and Yin Qi studied the information given by Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong and came to a similar conclusion.

“Humans on the Blue Star are indeed very adept at using three-phase thermal bombs. If that’s the case, Yin Si might really be killed with his carelessness. However, it will be very easy for us to recover Planet Spirit,” Yin Qi said.

“Seventh Brother, when are we going to recover Planet Spirit?” Yin Ba asked.

The Mechanical Spirit Race had a strict hierarchy. The ranking of the elders was also an example of their status.

“Tomorrow. We’ve been traveling for so long and have consumed a lot of energy. Let’s recover our energy tonight. Lei often says that a lion had to use its full strength to capture a rabbit. Although we had overwhelming strength against the enemies who had invaded Planet Spirit, it was better to be careful. Humans on the Blue Star are very cunning,” Yin Qi said.

“Seventh Brother is right. Tomorrow then! Now, I want to interrogate the captives, especially that Ling Clan. Does Seventh Brother want to go with us?” Yin Ba asked.

“Let’s go together. The Ling Clan can be considered a metal life species. I’m also very interested, especially in young ones.” Yin Qi smiled.

A hint of helplessness flashed in Yin Ba’s eyes. Yin Qi had planned to snatch the benefits, but there was nothing he could do. Who asked them to arrive together? If he had come a little earlier, the young body of the Ling Clan might have belonged to him.

“Lead the way!”

Yin Qi waved his arm, and Yin Wushu quickly nodded. However, he still asked, “Then should I get Yin Liulong to arrange for the other lords to rest first?”

“Okay, make the arrangements.”

Yin Liulong quickly stepped forward and invited the five quasi-planets to the rooms they had prepared to rest.

Two minutes later, Yin Wushu brought Yin Qi and Yin Ba into the underground prison.

“This seems to be a Water Spiritual Body?” After entering the prison, Yin Qi and

Yin Ba’s gazes landed on Bu Qingqiu’s clone. However, at the same time, Tri Ling Ding, who was at the side, waved its small wings in fear. The antenna above its head trembled, immediately attracting the gazes of Yin Qi and Yin Ba.

“This thing is very interesting. Its spirit is very powerful! ” Yin Qi instantly abandoned Bu Qingqiu’s clone and walked towards Tri Ling Ding.

A ball of energy reached out and enveloped Tri Ling Ding. Yin Ba also turned his gaze over. Seeing this, Yin Wushu quickly said, “Sirs, take your time interrogating him. I’ll wait outside.”

“Okay!”

Yin Wushu was very tactful, and Yin Qi was very satisfied with that. However, Yin Wushu, who had just stepped out of the door of the underground prison, activated the energy around his body and instantly accelerated with all his might.

Yin Wushu’s legs almost went limp. He had been really worried that Xu Tui would blow him up just now. Fortunately, Xu Tui had given him a chance to escape.

The movement of Yin Wushu retreating with all his might made Yin Qi and Yin

Ba’s gazes shift. They were a little puzzled. Yin Ba reacted extremely quickly. “No, it might be a trap!” @@novelbin@@

At the same time, the water light around Bu Qingqiu suddenly turned into a chain and wrapped around Yin Qi. The three-phase thermal bomb that was revealed was detonated at the same time.

At the same time, under Ah Huang’s precise control, the three security doors of the underground prison closed at the same time.

“Bastards!” Yin Qi roared.

However, at this critical moment, Yin Ba reacted much faster than Yin Qi. He instantly appeared behind Yin Qi. Just as Yin Qi and Yin Ba transformed into their defensive forms at the same time, the light of the three-phase thermal bomb completely exploded in this small underground prison.

Boom!

The entire base of Spirit I shook!