Chapter 1101 - Chapter 1101: Distribution And Enemy Change (2)

Chapter 1101: Distribution and Enemy Change (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After saying that, Bu Qingqiu began to absorb Xu Tui’s Silver Spirit Box.

Xu Tui could sense that Bu Qingqiu’s aura was constantly increasing. When she began to absorb the ninth one, Bu Qingqiu frowned and suddenly stopped.

“What’s wrong?”

“I feel like it’s about time.”

“Do you feel like you can break through, Miss Bu?”

“How can it be that easy! I feel that I’ve almost absorbed it to the limit. If I continue to absorb it, I won’t be able to quickly increase my strength. I need some time to completely digest the increase this time. I can’t absorb it for the time being. It would be a waste if I did,” Bu Qingqiu said.

“You still can’t break through?” Xu Tui asked.

Bu Qingqiu shook her head. “Although I still can’t break through, I feel that my strength has increased by at least 20%. Moreover, if you give me some time to adapt and digest this power, I can still improve. It won’t be long before my strength increases by about 30%.”

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up when he heard that. Although she did not break through, this improvement was enough.

Bu Qingqiu, a quasi-planetary expert, could already fight the planetary experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race head-on. Although she was at a disadvantage, she could hold them back.

Now that her strength had increased by 30%, it was still impossible for her to kill a planetary expert head-on. However, it was definitely not a problem for her to resist a planetary expert head-on.

This was especially so for quasi-planets of the School of General Senses. Their combat strength was stronger than ordinary quasi-planets.

It was worth it!

The gains from the eight silver spiritual boxes were worth it!

“Miss Bu, then hurry up and comprehend and cultivate. In the afternoon of the 13th, we will all head to Spirit I to prepare for battle,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui left after he finished speaking. However, just as Xu Tui was about to leave, Bu Qingqiu looked like she wanted to say something. Xu Tui was extremely confused.

“Miss Bu, what’s wrong?”

Bu Qingqiu stammered. She pointed at the empty silver box that Xu Tui had put away and said, “This… If possible, give some to Qingshan.”

After saying that, Bu Qingqiu quickly added, “There’s no need for much. Letting him absorb half or even a third of the spiritual power inside will greatly enhance his future. He might be able to break through to the quasi-planetary realm earlier!”

After saying that, Bu Qingqiu felt that it was inappropriate and quickly said,

“Don’t take it to heart. I’m just saying. You decide how to distribute it.” Xu Tui chuckled when he heard that. “Miss Bu, don’t worry. Mr. Qu will definitely benefit from this. ”

Xu Tui did have a preliminary distribution plan for the remaining Silver Spirit Boxes.

Currently, Bu Qingqiu, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and Yan Lie were definitely the core of Xu Tui’s team. The first four people were the strongest combatants. They had to be nurtured.

A group of people was truly strong!

There were also seven and a half silver boxes.

Half an hour later, Qu Qingshan and Yan Lie each absorbed the power of a

Silver Spirit Box. Their shock was indescribable. This was especially so for Yan Lie. As he was not focused on cultivating his mind power, Xu Tui could sense that the aura of his mental body had multiplied after he absorbed a spiritual box.

“Commander, I feel that my concealment ability has also greatly increased.”

In his excitement, Yan Lie used Concealment several times in front of Xu Tui.

The most important increase in Yan Lie’s concealment was not the increase in power, but the increase in his hiding power. Previously, Yan Lie had disappeared through Concealment, but Xu Tui could sense him as clearly as a lightbulb. However, it was faintly discernible now. Xu Tui needed to sense it carefully to sense him.

This enhancement multiplied Yan Lie’s survivability and concealment abilities. It was very useful. If Yan Lie’s strength broke through to the Transmutation Realm, he could even threaten a quasi-planet!

Qu Qingshan’s reaction was similar to Bu Qingqiu. The improvement of his mental body was all-rounded.

An hour later, An Xiaoxue absorbed the power of the three silver spiritual boxes. Her clothes were in a mess again.

An Xiaoxue’s aura had also greatly increased. Her combat strength had definitely increased greatly. However, it was hard to say when she would break through to the Transmutation Realm.

However, An Xiaoxue was from the Genetic Miracle. Her strength could not be measured by ordinary standards. A long time ago, An Xiaoxue had the ability to kill a Transmutation Realm expert.

After some consideration, Xu Tui gave Wen Shao a silver spiritual box.

Wen Shao’s combat strength was very powerful. Previously, when he cooperated with Qu Qingshan, the two of them could easily withstand a quasi-planet and even suppress it. If he gave him a Silver Spirit Box, Wen Shao might have the power to fight a quasi-planetary expert alone after he grew for a period of time.

This reason alone was enough.

Wen Shao’s expression after absorbing the silver spiritual box was indescribably exciting. He had a look of disbelief on his face. He had an expression that said, “How could Xu Tui give me such a precious thing?” Xu Tui was very happy.

“Mr. Wen, we are wandering in the starry sky now. We are all from the Blue Star and the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. I hope that we can work together and create a future! As for the conflicts in school, they were not even worth a hair in the depths of the starry sky. There was no need to think about them. We only have one identity here: Huaxia,” Xu Tui said.

“I understand, Commander. By the way, Old Qu has one, right?” Wen Shao suddenly asked.

“Of course. However, just like you, there’s only one. There are very few of these things,” Xu Tui said.

“I understand, Commander. This is a priceless treasure. I’ll get going first. Call me if you need anything.”

Xu Tui smiled as he watched Wen Shao leave.

Mr. Wen was actually a good person. He was just a little petty, loved to scheme, and loved to compare! He even calculated a little to see if Xu Tui treated him differently from Qu Qingshan.

He had given out five of the seven and a half spiritual boxes in his ha were still two and a half left.

Xu Tui gave half of it to Ah Huang.

Ah Huang was too weak. It belonged to the real-weak category. It needed to absorb it several times even when there’s only half of it. However, after absorbing this half, Ah Huang’s strength would increase. Even its autonomous cultivation speed would increase greatly.

Xu Tui threw the remaining two into the quantum dimensional chain. He would keep them for emergencies or reward those who contributed in the future.

In any case, giving these two away would not cause a qualitative increase in anyone’s strength.

Cultivate and prepare for battle!

On the evening of February 13th, all the participants set off for Spirit I in advance.

Xu Tui had mobilized almost all of his main personnel for this battle.

The people who were going to participate in the battle, Spirit Queen, Bu

Qingqiu, and Lavis, the three quasi-planets, were all going. All the

Transmutation Realm experts, including the nine Transmutation Realm Ant Commanders of the Ant Clan on Planet Spirit, as well as Yanzi, Lang Ju, and Lang Biao, were also going to participate in the battle.

He would leave Planet Spirit to Ah Huang to take over.

At the same time, he had come up with many emergency plans.

After all the participants arrived at Spirit I, they entered the temporary hiding place that Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong had built according to Xu Tui’s request over the past few days. They could hide their auras and enter a battle-ready state.

He quietly cultivated and waited for the battle to begin. He made all kinds of plans. He was waiting for the first planetary powerhouse of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin Ba, to arrive. As long as he could kill a Planetary powerhouse from the Mechanical Spirit Race first, the subsequent difficulties would be much easier.

This was also where the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had a chance of winning. @@novelbin@@

On the 16th of February, while Yin Wushu was constantly contacting him to confirm, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s elder, Yin Ba, arrived on time. When he saw a light advancing at high speed in the pitch-black space, the Spirit I’s energy detector also detected a strong energy fluctuation.

“It’s here!”

After informing them, Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong, who were about to welcome them, suddenly changed their expressions when they looked at the energy test results again.

Yin Wushu’s electronic eyes flashed continuously in fear. Even his voice trembled. “Lord Xu Tui, the auras of two planetary powerhouses are rapidly approaching.”

“TWvo? Are you sure?”

“Sir, there won’t be any mistakes with the energy detector.” Xu Tui was stunned. A chill ran down his spine.

Why were there two Planetary realm experts suddenly?

Has the matter of Spirit I been leaked? Or had the Mechanical Spirit Race suddenly increased their forces?