Chapter 1103 - Chapter 1103: The End Of Yin Ba

Chapter 1103: The End of Yin Ba

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Just as the ground of the Spirit I’s base shook, the shield door opened. Bu Qingqiu, Xu Tui, Lavis, and the Spirit Queen were the first to rush out.

“Miss Bu, Yin Qi and Yin Ba might not die. You go and restrain them! The rest of you, follow me to destroy the five quasi-planets first.”

Xu Tui instantly flew out on his sword.

At the same time, Yin Liulong, who had guided the five quasi-planets to the resting room, also retreated crazily toward the back of the tunnel. A light had already blasted over from the other side.

The moment Yin Liulong retreated, the five quasi-planetary experts instinctively realized that something was wrong. The earth trembled under their feet, making them instinctively want to leave this tunnel.

However, the moment Yin Liulong retreated, a safety door would fall every 50 meters. In just an instant, two safety doors fell.

“It’s a three-phase thermal bomb. Run!” A quasi-planetary screamed.

Everyone wanted to escape. Under normal circumstances, they would only need a second or two to break through the safety door. But now, what they lacked the most was time!

Boom!

The second and third thermal bombs exploded, causing the entire base to shake again. In the base, a red light flashed and all kinds of alarms sounded.

“Alright, you can hide now!”

Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong had completed their mission perfectly. They had tricked the elders and quasi-planetary experts of their race. They had attracted aggro. Xu Tui immediately asked them to retreat.

“There are three more alive, but one of them is over.” The first to rush in against the residual fluctuations was Lavis.

Xu Tui’s flying sword had already whistled over. Then, the Spirit Queen charged in with a roar.

At this moment, Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong, who were about to retreat, suddenly stepped forward and asked carefully, “Sir, can you try your best to give us one or two perfect energy cores?”

“Hmm?”

“The power of our kind can complement each other.” Yin Wushu had a look of anticipation.

“Alright, I’ll try my best. Take it as a reward!” Xu Tui laughed. He used the mental hammer to knock out the seriously injured and dying quasi-planetary expert. The flying sword circled around and cut out the energy core of the quasi-planetary expert. He threw it to Yin Wushu.

Although the other two quasi-planets were not dead from the bombardment of the three-phase thermal bombs, they were already seriously injured. One of them was killed by Lavis in just three seconds.

The Spirit Queen who went berserk was also displayed at this moment. The Spirit Queen was like a crazy warrior. She directly hammered the last quasi-planetary. Its entire body was smashed, but she did not hammer the energy core.

“Spirit Queen, I want its energy core!” Xu Tui gave the order. The Spirit Queen’s body trembled slightly.

Three seconds later, the Spirit Queen took out the sparkling energy core of the quasi-planetary and handed it to Xu Tui with her tentacles.

Xu Tui threw it to Yin Liulong.

Yin Liulong was overjoyed and quickly thanked him. “Thank you, Sir. Thank you for your reward!”

“Work hard. Under me, you will be rewarded as long as you put in effort!”

The Spirit Queen’s gaze shifted when she heard this. She could not help but glance at Xu Tui with her huge eyes.

At this moment, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, An Xiaoxue, and Gaman, who were a step slower, rushed in. After rushing in, they realized that the enemy had been dealt with and were alone.

“Despicable! You bunch of ants actually used such despicable methods.” Yin Bat s roar sounded outside.

Xu Tui’s expression changed. He rushed over, and the others followed closely behind. He saw a figure dancing in the air above the base. His body was in tatters, but he was carrying another corpse.

It was Yin Ba!

Yin Ba survived after a three-phase thermal bomb was detonated in the sealed space.

Yin Ba was also agile. At the critical moment, he hid behind Yin Qi and used Yin Qi as a shield. He survived, but he was also severely injured.

At this moment, he used Yin Qi’s corpse as a shield to block Bu Qingqiu’s ferocious attacks. The crazy combat strength of a quasi-planet of the School of General Senses completely erupted at this moment.

Accompanied by Bu Qingqiu’s continuous splashing of water, all kinds of supernatural being attacks, including the Ice Spear, the Ice Fog, the Ice Spiral, the Water Attraction Technique, and the Ice Cage, were instantaneous. Even though Yin Ba was a planetary realm powerhouse, he was in a sorry state after being injured.

“Surround him!”

The moment everyone surrounded him, the first thing Yin Ba saw was the

Spirit Queen. He roared, “Spirit Queen, you dare to betray the Heavenly Fiendcelestial?”

“I’ve already betrayed you. What are you going to do?” The Spirit Queen sneered.

“Mechanical Spirit Race, Elder Yin Ba?”

Xu Tui put on the Vajra Set and rode his sword forward. Yin Ba looked at Xu

Tui, then at Bu Qingqiu. He suddenly reacted and said, “Did you kill Fourth Brother? Is this a trap? Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong have already surrendered to you? These two traitors!”

“Your reaction is a little slow.” Xu Tui smiled, but he gestured for everyone to find their respective combat positions.

Yin Ba snorted and continued to ask, “Who instructed you? Who’s behind you? Where’s your leader? Get him to come out and see me?”

“I am! ”

“You are? That’s impossible!” Yin Ba was shocked. He looked incredulous. Xu Tui shook his head. “Your method of stalling for time is not brilliant. Kill!”

Almost at Xu Tui’s order, Lavis, Bu Qingqiu, and the Spirit Queen attacked Yin Ba at the same time.

The reason why Yin Ba spoke nonsense just now was that he was secretly absorbing Yin Qi’s corpse to recover from his injuries. Ordinary people could not tell, but they could not escape Xu Tui’s mental perception.

At the same time, Wen Shao also began to attack Yin Ba from afar. With Qu Qingshan’s help, Wen Shao’s attack power increased exponentially.

Almost the moment the battle started, a piece of An Xiaoxue’s hair accurately blasted into the joints of Yin Ba’s limbs. She let out a soft shout. Although it did not cause any substantial damage, it made Yin Ba stagger slightly.

Xu Tui did not participate in the battle. He quietly observed the battle. The situation was better than he had imagined.

Yin Ba became more and more shocked. This group of people was stronger than he had imagined. Although the woman in the lead was not at the planetary realm, she could already pose a huge threat to him.

The other two quasi-planets, the Spirit Queen, and Lavis, all of them could threaten him. It would be very difficult for him to deal with the siege of these three people even if he was at his peak, let alone now that he was seriously injured.

Without a doubt, Yin Ba had already begun to look for an opportunity to break out of the encirclement. As long as he broke out of the siege, no one present would be able to catch up to him with his speed.

“Aren’t you afraid that the Mechanical Spirit Race will come and destroy you?” Yin Ba roared.

Xu Tui sneered.

“Spirit Queen, do you think we don’t have a backup controller?” Yin Ba roared again.

This angry roar successfully frightened the Spirit Queen. She was shocked and slowed down. In an instant, a blank space appeared in the battle circle.

Yin Ba was like a huge firework. The energy around his body exploded as he charged crazily towards the gap. He was about to rush out of the gap.

The Spirit Queen, who had reacted, was stunned. Fear suddenly rose in her heart. What if Yin Ba escaped? Not to mention Xu Tui’s punishment, what if there was really a backup controller?

“Spirit Queen, use your tentacles to bombard the area 30 meters in front of you on your left.” Xu Tui’s mental voice transmission suddenly appeared in the Spirit Queen’s mind.

Perhaps it was because she had been trained by the Mechanical Spirit Race to be obedient, or perhaps it was because she was afraid, the six pairs of 12 slender and long tentacles of the Spirit Queen all whipped toward the location that Xu Tui had specified, even though she did not understand why Xu Tui wanted her to hit empty space.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s Origin Crystal Flying Sword, which had been patrolling the periphery, instantly circled around and slammed into the head of the escaping Yin Ba.

The first was the Ice Sword, which only caused a small amount of ice. It did not even leave a white mark. The second was the mental sword, which only tickled Yin Ba. However, the third was the Earth Sword, which exploded with fire and slammed into Yin Bat s head.

Even though Yin Ba reacted quickly, this was the first time he had experienced the rhythm of a sword turning into a mountain. He could not defend against it and could only take it head-on.

In an instant, Yin Ba’s figure was rapidly reduced by Xu Tui’s multi-dimensional sword.

A magical scene appeared. The Spirit Queen was like a prophet. The tentacles that had long lashed out accurately hit Yin Ba. In an instant, Yin Ba fell into the storm. The whip-like tentacles whipped up.

Bang!

After such a long time, Xu Tui had already instantiated the original quantum frequency of Yin Ba’s life. The red fire slip shone brightly, and the mental hammer smashed down.

Yin Ba’s mental body swayed slightly.

Bu Qingqiu’s Water Attraction Technique turned into countless ropes and tied him up. Lavis, on the other hand, was violently cutting Yin Ba into pieces, whose mental body was trembling.

The Spirit Queen was more like a shrew. She sat on the trapped Yin Ba and kept pulling at the components on his body. This time, even without Xu Tui’s instructions, the Spirit Queen firmly tied up the energy core that she had pulled out and handed it to Xu Tui.

Yin Ba’s mental body was also in the energy core. At this moment, it was captured and was constantly consuming the energy in the energy core. It struggled with all its might, wanting to escape.

After thinking for a second, Xu Tui gave up on the possibility of capturing Yin Ba as a captive.

The risk was too great. Without hesitation, the mental hammer smashed onto

Yin Ba’s energy core. In an instant, a third of the mental body in Yin Bats

energy core dissipated after being directly bombarded.

Yin Ba let out a shrill cry. When Xu Tui smashed his second hammer down, Yin Ba’s screams turned into fear and wails.

“Don’t kill me, don’t kill me!” Yin Ba shouted. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s third hammer suddenly stopped when it hit the top of Yin Ba’s remaining energy core.

The light in the energy core fluctuated rapidly. Yin Ba’s voice had become a plea. “Don’t kill me. I surrender. I surrender!”

Xu Tui hesitated. At this moment, he was really tempted. Should he spare Yin Bat s life? Should he accept his surrender?

Far away, Yanzi, Lang Ju, and Lang Biao, who had not received Xu Tui’s order to participate in the battle, were already stunned.

Two Planetary realms and five quasi-planetary realms.. That was it?