Chapter 1112 - Chapter 1112: The Difficult Decision Of The Mechanical Spirit Race

Chapter 1112: The Difficult Decision of the Mechanical Spirit Race

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On a satellite fortress on Planet Kono, where the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was, the person-in-charge of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Elder Yin Er, was anxiously waiting for the others to join the meeting remotely.

The light in his huge electronic eyes kept flickering, representing Yin Er’s feelings at this moment. He was really too anxious!

After waiting for about half an hour, the other three figures in the virtual projection meeting room arrived.

The people who attended the meeting were the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Yin Er, Yin San, Yin Wu, and Yin Liu. They were the only elders left in the Mechanical Spirit Race.

“Alright, report your situation immediately. Did you find any news about Yin Qi and Yin Ba?” Yin Er asked anxiously.

“I didn’t find anything,” Yin San said.

“I’m a little closer. I’ve tried to contact them remotely, but be it Yin Qi, Yin Ba, the Spirit I, or all the frequencies we can contact remotely, they’re all silent,” Yin Wu said.

“Yesterday, when I was closest to Spirit I, it was also silent after I tried to contact them! There was no response!”

After Yin Liu finished speaking, the entire virtual projection meeting room was silent. A moment later, Yin Er came to a difficult conclusion. “If… there are no miracles, then Yin Qi and Yin Ba might have already… sacrificed themselves! The power on Planet Spirit is stronger than we imagined! It might even be a trap!”

“Are the Blue Star humans targeting us?

“Perhaps it’s not targeted. It’s just their expansion!”

“Do you think Yin Qi and Yin Ba might have been captured?”

‘Yes, but the probability is very low! Capturing a Planetary realm powerhouse is very difficult.”

While the others were discussing, Yin Er knocked on the conference table. “These are not important now. The most troublesome thing now was how to explain the disappearance of Yin Qi and Yin Ba to Lei Qian, or rather, Lei Tian. Are we going to say that they died in battle when they went to recover Planet Spirit?” Yin Er smiled bitterly.

This was their greatest problem at the moment! The disappearance of two Planetary powerhouses and five quasi-planetary experts was not something that could be easily fooled.

Yin San, Yin Wu, and Yin Liu were stunned at the same time.

That’s right. That was the biggest problem they faced. If this problem could not be resolved, it would be a real big problem. If anything went wrong, the silver rings might be put back by Lei Tian again. The future of the entire Mechanical Spirit Race…

A few minutes later, the current four giants of the Mechanical Spirit Race began to propose one plan after another with extreme difficulty. Then, they rejected it.

The meeting lasted for four hours, but there were no results.

“We can’t delay any longer. Once Lei Qian or Lei Tian ask, it will be even more troublesome. We have to take the initiative.” Yin Er was very anxious. “Second Brother, why don’t we forge military intelligence?” Yin Liu suddenly asked.

“How do you forge military intelligence?”

“Let’s say that when Yin Qi, Yin Ba, and the others were working together, they happened to encounter the Great Xi Clan or the Muya people. Then, they fought a bloody battle and died in battle. Or they were killed together by the Great Xi Clan.

“Then we could send a distress message as Yin Qi. The kind with a delay?” Yin Liu said.

“They’re all dead. How are we going to send it?” Yin Er asked.

“Second Brother, they are dead, but there are no fixed quasi-planets around them. Let’s choose a quasi-planetary to do this. If we plan it carefully, it won’t be difficult to hide it from Lei Tian,” Yin Liu said. @@novelbin@@

“What about this quasi-planetary who reported the news?”

“After reporting the news, just make him disappear! In this vast space, can Lei Tian still find traces of an encounter? On the contrary, if we encounter an enemy, Lei Tian might be very nervous. After all, in the current situation,” Yin Liu said.

After thinking about it for a few minutes, Yin Er nodded. There was no other way. “Come, tell me about the method and perfect the details.” “It’s best to make the compiled images a little blurry.”

“It’s best to use the Great Xi Clan. This way, Lei Tian will be more convinced because the Great Xi Clan has appeared before.”

“The scene on the battlefield can be more tragic. It would be best if there are scenes of mutual destruction.”

The remaining four giants of the Mechanical Spirit Race spoke one after another, slowly completing this matter. After making the decision, there were naturally people working below. The meetings of the four giants of the Mechanical Spirit Race did not stop.

“Second Brother, what do you think of the aftermath of Planet Spirit? Do you want to give up just like that, or?” Yin San took the initiative to ask.

Hearing this, Yin Wu and Yin Liu also looked at Yin Er. The benefits of the Planet Spirit accounted for at least 25% of the private goods of the Mechanical Spirit Race, especially the silver box.

Under normal circumstances, in another year, the profits from the Spiritual Cultivation Center would be able to create another planetary powerhouse for them.

But now…

Everyone was a little indignant if they gave up just like that, including Yin Er. However, Yin Er, who had dominated the Mechanical Spirit Race for so many years, was still very calm.

“Yin Qi and Yin Ba have brought five quasi-planets to Planet Spirit. Then, it won’t be wise for us to continue investing our strength. Based on the current situation, the four of us would probably have to attack together if we really wanted to recover Planet Spirit. We might even suffer losses. Therefore, it was not worth it! That’s impossible.”

The impossible that Yin Er was talking about was the four of them. In their current state, it was impossible for them to gather and act together.

The Spiritual Race would definitely not allow this. As long as the four of them gathered, the Spiritual Race would definitely be suspicious.

“Then are we just going to let it go? The Planet Spirit that we’ve been running for many years was snatched away by the Blue Star humans?” Yin San was very indignant.

Yin Er was silent.

Yin Wu was silent.

Yin Liu was silent for a few seconds before saying, “Actually, we can change our train of thought.”

“How do I change it?” Yin Er asked.

“What if our goal is not to recapture Planet Spirit?” Yin Liu said.

“Not with the goal of recapturing Planet Spirit? What do you mean?” Yin Er suddenly reacted. “Pure revenge? Reveal the place to the Spiritual Race? No, no, no, that would not do! If the Spiritual Race discovers the Planet Spirit, they will definitely be able to discover something from the traces. At that time, it might bring us a disaster!” Yin Er refused.

“Second Brother, of course it’s not possible to leak the location to the Spiritual Race,” Yin Liu said.

“Then who should I leak it to?”

“The other partner that leaked to us should be very interested in such a planet,” Yin Liu said.

“That one?” Yin Er’s electronic eyes flickered. He was a little suspicious. “I’m afraid they’re not strong enough, right?”

“Second Brother, don’t underestimate their strength. Their tenacity is very strong. Moreover, we only have a chance if they are not strong, Second Brother,” Yin Liu said.

“Do you mean to ask them to help us find out the situation and consume their strength? If there’s a chance, we’ll do it again?” Yin Er understood what Yin Liu meant.

“That’s right! Second Brother, the most important thing for us on Planet Spirit is the 15 years of accumulation in the Spiritual Cultivation Center. I think that the Blue Star humans will definitely not be able to obtain the things there within a certain period of time. As long as there was a chance, we still had a chance to take it back. At that time, if we’re lucky, we can create another planetary realm to replenish our strength,” Yin Liu said.

After some consideration, Yin Er nodded. “This is indeed a feasible method at the moment. Otherwise, it would be too easy on the Blue Star people. We would do as Yin Liu said. Yin Liu would be in charge of contacting the partners. As for the others, you have to follow the rules during this period of time and strengthen the restrictions on your subordinates. Nothing must happen.”

A few minutes later, the virtual meeting room turned into a starlight and dispersed, leaving Yin Er alone outside.

Looking at the boundless starry sky outside the window, Yin Er suddenly felt an inexplicable coldness.

Was today’s decision correct?

Even when Yan Lie arrived, Anna still could not forget to “dual cultivate” with Commander Xu Tui. An Xiaoxue wanted to kick herself. If she had known, she would not have said anything. She had to be on guard against thieves every day!

It was not that she did not trust Xu Tui, but she did not trust her friend, Anna.

Anna from the European Sector was more open-minded. With Xu Tui’s current situation, Anna might get close to him without the benefit of a breakthrough in cultivation.

Of course, An Xiaoxue would not be on guard against Yan Lie.

There was no nonsense between men. Xu Tui explained the process to Yan Lie in detail. After Yan Lie understood the situation, he said three words—get to work.

It had to be said that the cultivation method that Xu Tui had invented to build a mind power barrier in the chain was more than double the difficulty for people without introspection.

It was only because Yan Lie had refined a silver box previously that his mental body had increased exponentially. Otherwise, it would have been even more difficult.

Even so, Xu Tui continued to assist Yan Lie in his cultivation for a full seven hours. He almost exhausted Xu Tui’s mind power before Yan Lie succeeded in building the first internal circulation chain.

After the construction was completed, Yan Lie was stunned when he felt the surging and smoother energy in his body.

He looked at Xu Tui with a trembling voice and said, “Commander, I broke through just like that? Is what you said true?”

Damn!

Xu Tui was furious. It seemed that this kid thought that he was fooling around with him.

Seeing that Xu Tui was about to beat him up, Yan Lie quickly said, “Commander, I thought you were going to do some human experiment and asked me to be your human model.”

“Scram, human model…’

Xu Tui still wanted to curse, but Yan Lie had already dodged excitedly and instantly disappeared. In the next moment, he appeared again.

“Commander, I really broke through. I feel that my Concealment ability has increased again. I can already sense that the genetic chain after the breakthrough has begun to wash over my body and other ability chains again due to the horizontal effect! Give me a few days, and my strength will definitely increase greatly! Commander, you are really my god!”

Yan Lie hid and instantly appeared behind Xu Tui. He pretended to hug Xu Tui, but Xu Tui noticed him with his mental perception and accurately kicked him away.

An Xiaoxue, who had heard the commotion, happened to enter and distracted Xu Tui. Yan Lie took the opportunity to dodge again and hugged Xu Tui’s arm.

“Sister-in-law, can I borrow the regiment commander for a few days?”

This was the first time An Xiaoxue had been called sister-in-law. Her pretty face turned red. She was not used to it.

Seeing that An Xiaoxue was shy, Yan Lie thought that his scheme had succeeded.

An Xiaoxue would definitely agree. Based on Yan Lie’s understanding, Xu Tui would definitely agree if An Xiaoxue agreed. This was called one thing over another!

However, to Yan Lie’s surprise, An Xiaoxue’s pretty face only turned slightly red. She looked at Yan Lie, who was hugging Xu Tui’s arm, and shouted, “No!”

Yan Lie was stunned.

“Let go of him! Why are you hugging him?”

Yan Lie was stunned. Xu Tui was stunned. Then, he laughed out loud! He did not expect An Xiaoxue to be a little allergic to Anna’s request for dual cultivation. She was even worried about Yan Lie.

“Sister-in-law, I’m a man!” Yan Lie smiled bitterly.

Hmph!

An Xiaoxue let out a cold grunt and ignored him. Xu Tui also laughed when he saw this scene. He was almost done with the preparations and had used up most of his resources. Next, it was time to attack.

He could not sit and eat his fill! He already had a target, and there were many of them.

However, which one should he choose?