Chapter 1113 - Chapter 1113: Scavenging And Verification (1)

Chapter 1113: Scavenging and Verification (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, we are still 500,000 kilometers away from Tower Asteroid. At the current cruising speed of Mach 70, we are expected to arrive in six hours. We will arrive at the warning distance in four hours,” Ah Huang reminded Xu Tui in the pilot ship.

“Yes, wake up all the members of the fleet and prepare for battle.”

“Understood.”

Today was the 5th of March 2139. It was the fourth day since Xu Tui had brought his men out of Planet Spirit. In the end, Xu Tui chose the first stop of his attack to be Tower Asteroid. There was a risk, but the Origin Crystal mine on Tower Asteroid also attracted Xu Tui.

At the same time, when the pioneer raiders came to the Tower Asteroid, the Blue Star had released a large number of resources to the pioneer raiders from the Mars base. Even after the pioneer raiders suffered heavy casualties from the Spiritual Race’s attack, the Blue Star still continuously released supplies for more than ten days because of the delay in the signal.

Among them, there were a large number of Energy Potions, medical bags, Origin Crystals, and key accessories for establishing a temporary base, especially in the area of communication.

There were many.

The Spiritual Race should not be interested in picking up these things. Even if they went to pick it up, they would not be able to finish it. The Tower Asteroid was very large, and the terrain was very complicated.

At this moment, Xu Tui wanted to pick up a wave of resources and develop wretchedly for a period of time. He was in a period of rapid improvement in his strength and urgently needed a large number of resources.

However, coming to Tower Asteroid was only Xu Tui’s first choice. If there was a problem with Tower Asteroid, Xu Tui would immediately turn to his second target.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not bring many people with him this time. Someone had to guard the house.

That’s right. Currently, everyone in the Worldly Pioneer Raiders treated Planet Spirit as their home. Among the quasi-planetary powerhouses, only Bu

Qingqiu could be trusted. Therefore, Bu Qingqiu had to guard his home.

But since Xu Tui had to take the initiative to attack, he had to take a quasi-planetary. After some consideration, Xu Tui brought out all the unstable factors. For example, Yin Ba and Lavis.

The Spirit Queen stayed on Planet Spirit mainly because the Spirit Queen’s body was too large. The Mechanical Spirit Race’s Hunter Disk could not let her in. They had to send out a supply ship.

For safety and speed reasons, Xu Tui formed a fleet of eight Hunter disc-shaped combat jets this time.

The cruising speed of the Aerospace Combat Jet was 50 Mach, and the limit was 60 Mach. The Hunter’s cruising speed was 70 Mach. After Ah Huang’s comprehensive adjustment, the maximum speed could reach 80 Mach.

It was faster by 30%. This was the reason why Xu Tui chose the Hunter. Of course, it was mainly because of the number.

Currently, there are more than a dozen Hunters and a production line. There were only two Aerospace Combat Jets. Under such circumstances, the disadvantage of having a relatively small load in the Hunter’s Disk was nothing.

There were four to six passengers in the Aerospace Combat Jet. It would not be a problem to squeeze ten or even 12 people in. However, the number of passengers for a Hunter is only one to three people. One or two more would do, but it would be very uncomfortable.

Of course, what he valued the most was speed.

For example, it would take five and a half days to reach the Tower Asteroid if it was an Aerospace Combat Jet, but it would only take four days to use a Hunter.

As a result, Xu Tui did not bring many people with him this time. They were all the main forces.

An Xiaoxue, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Yanzi and Lang Ju, Yin Liulong, Yan Lie, and the Xuan Lang and Xuan Ju of the ant-men.

It could be considered a mixed expeditionary force.

Xu Tui naturally enjoyed the same fighter jet as An Xiaoxue. Other than cultivating every day, he could also live a shameless life. It made the originally lonely space travel very interesting.

“Lavis, you and Yin Ba will bring the equipment to scout first and see if the Spiritual Race has any trump cards.” Four and a half hours later, under Xu Tui’s orders, Lavis rushed out of the fighter jet with Yin Ba.

The entire fleet also slowed down. An hour later, Yin Ba took the initiative to contact Xu Tui. “Sir, we discovered a few signal towers of the Spiritual Race.

Should we destroy them?”

“Can you hide your aura and approach and control it?” Xu Tui asked.

“I can’t,” Yin Ba denied.

“It’s easy to destroy, but it’s very difficult to control it. I’m not good at this,” Lavis said.

“Get them to bring me over and release my signal amplifier,” Ah Huang said. @@novelbin@@

Ah Huang was best at data attacks.

“Give me some time. I can silently control these surveillance signal towers without changing them. The foundation of the Spiritual Race’s technological equipment is basically all from the Mechanical Spirit Race. It’s still very easy for me to control it,” Ah Huang said after investigating.

Three hours later, in the night, the fleet silently landed on Tower Asteroid. Soon, Xuan Lang and Xuan Ju came to a conclusion. “Sir, this planet has thin air. Our ant beasts can move. However, I’m not sure if it will affect my lifespan.”

“Then send them out. Bring back anything you can see.”

A few minutes later, Xuan Lang and Xuan Ju commanded the 3,000 ant beasts and disappeared into the night.

Xu Tui had brought along 3,000 Mutation Realm ant beasts when he came. These ant beasts were not strong, but they were small and quick. It was convenient to carry them around. They could be used for searching.

There were also two drone formations that spread out with the 3,000 Mutation Realm ant beasts. There were 10 unmanned drones in each formation. They were all used to search for supplies.

Lavis, Yin Ba, Yanzi, and Lang Ju were on guard. Xu Tui brought the others and the eight new dwarf robots that Ah Huang had created and headed straight for the shelter where An Xiaoxue and the others had saved their lives..