Chapter 1116 - Chapter 1116: Harvest And Inevitable Save (1)

Chapter 1116: Harvest and Inevitable Save (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Thank you for your reward, Sir. Thank you!” Yin Liulong had an excited expression when he received the complete quasi-planetary energy core of the Mechanical Spirit Race from Xu Tui. He was just short of kneeling down to Xu Tui on the spot.

After Yin Ba killed Yin Sandan, the other quasi-planet was quickly wiped out under the joint attack of Lavis and Yin Ba.

As for the Mechanical Spirits in the Evolution Realm outside, Yin Liulong went out and shouted before they fell silent. When Yin Ba stepped forward, all the Mechanical Spirit Race members in the base knelt.

“Ah Huang, are there any problems?”

“Don’t worry. During the previous battle, they didn’t have the time to send a message. Now, this base is completely under my control. There’s no possibility of sending a message.”

“Count everything. Unlock the Spiritual Cultivation Center in the shortest time possible and check the data of all the resource bases. Now, open the warehouse for us,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright. The protection level of the Spiritual Cultivation Center is relatively high. But I have experience on Planet Spirit, so I need about three hours.” “Okay!”

“Lavis, Yin Ba, Yin Liulong, the three of you will patrol the Planet Spiritual Cabin and see if there are any fish that escaped the net. At the same time, search for any meteorite ash and Purple Star Crystals.

“Mr. Qu, Mr. Wen, Yanzi, Lang Ju, and Yan Lie, split the fighter jets into three teams and patrol the entire Planet Spiritual Cabin to check for abnormal signal points. ”

Xu Tui gave orders one after another.

According to Yin Bat s information, they had not found any satellites on Planet Spiritual Cabin on the way here. The news had not been leaked for the time being. However, for the sake of their next move, they had to ensure that nothing went wrong.

An hour later, Xu Tui looked at the mountain of various resources that had been preliminary refined in the warehouse and sighed.

They could not transport it away. Even if the supply ship drove over, they would not be able to transport it away without dozens of times. If they could build a quantum teleportation channel, even if it was temporary, this massive number of resources would be transported away in a short period of time.

Now, Xu Tui could only look at the mountains and sigh. However, it was not without gain. For example, the 4,000 grams of Origin Crystals in the warehouse, as well as the key raw materials to make three-phase thermal bombs and the fuel for the fighter jets. It could be considered a considerable gain.

He could not take the rest with him.

He had no choice. It was for the silver box.

An hour and a half later, Ah Huang opened the spiritual chamber in the

Spiritual Cultivation Center. The equipment was exactly the same as Planet Spirit, but there were fewer silver boxes. There were only 10 and a half of them.

The last time the Spiritual Chamber was opened on the Planet Spiritual Cabin was ten years ago. It was a little less than Planet Spirit.

This was much less than Xu Tui had expected.

“Finish the search after you obtain the target. Return immediately,” Xu Tui ordered the others.

There were three Origin Crystal mining points on Planet Spiritual Cabin.

Although they were not rich in minerals, according to the Mechanical Spirit Race’s management plan, they would usually transport the Origin Crystals mined once a month. There should be a lot of them in the resource base.

At the same time, they sent out a search team to see if there were any Meteorite Ash or Purple Star Crystals.

Actually, there was a native creature like the Spirit Queen on Planet Spiritual Cabin. Furthermore, it was a quasi-planetary creature. However, at this moment, Xu Tui did not have the time to deal with it for the sake of the subsequent plans.

An hour later, Yan Lie, Qu Qingshan, Yanzi, and the others returned. They still did not find any Meteorite Ash or Purple Star Crystals. However, the number of Origin Crystals they obtained at the resource extraction point was still very gratifying.

They obtained more than 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals from each of the three Origin Crystal extraction points.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui’s fleet tore through the air with ten and a half silver boxes and 9,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Only the Evolution Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race, who were hiding far outside the base, were left behind. They looked at each other.

As for the Mechanical Spirits in the base, there was only one word—massacre!

As Yin Ba and Yin Liulong left, the suppression of the higher-ups disappeared. The surviving Mechanical Spirits finally began to consider their future. After thinking about it for a long time, they decided that they had to report it to the higher-ups.

However, when they spent a lot of time rushing to the entrance of the main base from their hiding spots, they were shocked to discover that they could not return.

They could not enter! All kinds of authentication, passes, and emergency methods that had been useful previously were useless. They could not enter the resource base either. Some people wanted to rush in forcefully, but they were attacked indiscriminately by the base’s automatic weapons. They suffered heavy casualties.

They were stunned!

Xu Tui did not have that many people or time to search for the Mechanical Spirits who had survived in every corner of Planet Spiritual Cabin. He could only use this move. @@novelbin@@

Ah Huang controlled all the bases, but it still maintained contact with the upper bases of the Mechanical Spirit Race. These Mechanical Spirits could not enter and could not control the base’s command center. They could do nothing. Even if they shouted until their throats were hoarse, no one would notice that something had happened to Planet Spiritual Cabin.

Xu Tui’s fleet, which had left Planet Spiritual Cabin, set another location marker and advanced at high speed. This time, Xu Tui did not even use the Hunter’s Mach 70 cruising speed. Instead, he set his speed to Mach 78. He was just a little short of the Hunter’s maximum speed.

All of this was for time!

He had to take down the Planet Spiritual Sea before the Mechanical Spirit Race

could react.

Planet Spiritual Sea was another spiritual planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Planet Spiritual Cabin was a full 19 days’ journey from Planet Spiritual Sea.

Space travel was boring. He was always dual cultivating with An Xiaoxue. During the flight, Xu Tui noticed something more awkvvard. He had actually seized more Origin Crystals this time. Currently, they have reached more than 25,000 grams..