Chapter 1110 - Chapter 1110: Borrow Your Commander (1)

Chapter 1110: Borrow Your Commander (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xiaoxue was indeed thinking too much.

An Xiaoxue blushed in embarrassment when Xu Tui explained his so-called dual cultivation to her. Then, Xu Tui received another solid kick to his butt. However, the consequence of being kicked was that Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue first started a fake dual cultivation with a negative distance before starting a ‘true’ dual cultivation.

Xu Tui’s so-called ‘true’ dual cultivation was actually his comprehension when he built the mind power barrier in the chain over the past few days.

After Cai Shaochu helped Xu Tui build the mind power barrier in the chain, the question that Xu Tui thought about the most was how to help others break through.

Xu Tui had been considering this question for a long time. His first choice was Yan Lie and An Xiaoxue. The reason why it was these two people was mainly because Yan Lie and An Xiaoxue had absolute trust in Xu Tui.

Building a mind power barrier in the chain required mind power to invade the other party’s body. To a certain extent, the nature of mind power entering the other party’s body was not much different from negative distance contact.

Over the past few days, Xu Tui had been using this method to quickly increase his cultivation level. He was constantly experiencing it.

Only after he understood everything could he help others. Otherwise, he would be harming others.

He did not have as much mind power and control as Old Cai. In the end, Xu Tui chose An Xiaoxue, not Yan Lie, as his first supportive cultivation target. It should be easier and more convenient to help An Xiaoxue build a mind power barrier in the chain because An Xiaoxue could also use introspection.

Of course, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s cultivation method could be called dual cultivation. He would definitely not believe Yan Lie!

An Xiaoxue, who had just finished her ‘fake’ dual cultivation with Xu Tui, blushed as she listened to Xu Tui explain the details and things to take note of. The more she listened, the brighter her eyes became.

She could actually try such a cultivation shortcut. Although the applicability was not large, this was already a historical innovation.

This was because even if the applicability range was not large, this cultivation method could allow a small group of elites to quickly break through to the Transmutation Realm.

And Transmutation Realm elites had the strength to resist a quasi-planet.

It meant a lot.

After explaining it clearly, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue began to dual-cultivate. Even though An Xiaoxue had been entered by Xu Tui many times, when Xu Tui’s mind power had invaded her, it still made her… @@novelbin@@

“Xiaoxue, which genetic ability chain do you want to build an internal circulation first?”

“Dimensional Explosion, I’ll guide you.”

The first time was always a little difficult and even painful. Three hours later, An Xiaoxue was bleeding from her mouth and nose. Her pretty face was pale, but there was joy on her pale face.

She had succeeded!

The first cycle of the Dimensional Explosion genetic ability chain in her body was successfully established.

An Xiaoxue pondered for a while before saying, “Xu Tui, I think that your method is not a shortcut to cultivation.”

“It’s not a shortcut to cultivation?”

“This should be an innovative cultivation method, not the shortcut you think it is. Cultivation shortcuts are shortcuts.

“This method of building a mind power barrier was not a trick. It was just a clever method to shorten the accumulation time of breaking through from the Evolution Realm to the Transmutation Realm.

“Moreover, the amount that needed to be accumulated did not decrease. I felt that after constructing the first internal circulation channel, the speed at which I absorbed energy had also increased. My strength should have a period of rapid improvement,” An Xiaoxue said.

“It would be best if your strength could increase rapidly.” As he spoke, Xu Tui took out 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals and placed them in front of An Xiaoxue. “Use it for cultivation first. We’ll talk about it after I use it.”

Actually, Xu Tui felt a little guilty when he said that. He only had 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals on him.

An Xiaoxue glanced at Xu Tui and did not say anything else. She took it and the two of them continued cultivating. However, after the first day of dual cultivation, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue achieved true dual cultivation.

It was to help each other cultivate.

Previously, when he was cultivating, Xu Tui had built a mind power barrier for himself. Then, he had absorbed Origin Crystals and continuously accumulated energy to break through.

It was equivalent to multitasking.

It could even be said that most of his mind power and attention were used to build a mind power barrier. His mind power was consumed quickly, and his absorption speed of Origin Crystals was slow.

Previously, it was already good enough that Xu Tui could build two to two semi-chain internal circulations a day.

However, if he were to dual cultivate with An Xiaoxue, An Xiaoxue would use her mind power to build a mind power barrier in Xu Tui’s corresponding genetic ability chain. Then, Xu Tui would absorb Origin Crystals with all his might to cultivate.

Under such circumstances, his cultivation speed could be said to have increased exponentially.

Basically, he used his energy to form a new channel of the internal circulation in less than an hour and a half. As he continued to cultivate, Xu Tui also understood many tricks to build the channel of the internal circulation.

An Xiaoxue’s speed was also constantly increasing.

In the beginning, it took three hours to build an internal circulation channel, then two hours. Now, it was about an hour and 45 minutes to build an internal circulation channel.

Xu Tui could construct five to six internal circulation channels if he cultivated with all his might a day. An Xiaoxue could also construct five.

Their strength could be said to have increased rapidly.

However, this cultivation speed could not continue after three days.

Origin crystals!

The consumption of Origin Crystals was too great.

The amount of Origin Crvstals he needed to absorb to activate an internal circulation channel was about 50 to 100 grams..