Chapter 1119 -

Chapter 1119: Hungry Wolf from the Blue Star

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

With Yan Lie’s reconnaissance and positioning, Xu Tui managed to perfectly avoid the Mechanical Spirit Race base’s interference bullets and other defensive measures by launching his flying sword.

In the end, just a three-phase thermal bomb completed a surgical and accurate attack on the main base of the Mechanical Spirit Race. With a three-phase thermal bomb, a third or even more of the base’s active defense positions were destroyed.

The pressure on Xu Tui, Lavis, Yin Ba, An Xiaoxue, and the others, who were charging toward the base, instantly decreased greatly. Yin Ba instantly changed his defense into a charge and charged toward the main base.

He wanted to make a contribution, obtain a reward, and recover his strength. He, who once had the strength of a Planetary powerhouse, was now reduced to a quasi-planetary. It made him feel exceptionally uncomfortable.

However, in the next moment, he was stunned.

An ice blue flying sword instantly struck the quasi-planetary Yin Erchu in the base. At the same time, four power fluctuations erupted. Then, the base commander, Yin Erchu, was smashed into the ground.

This made Yin Ba gasp. How long has it been? His strength had improved so quickly? Did their regiment commander, Xu Tui, already have the power to fight a quasi-planet alone?

Seeing that Yin Erchu had fallen to the ground and that the other quasi-planetary expert had already been surrounded by Lavis and An Xiaoxue, Yin Ba instantly pounced over. He wanted to kill Yin Erchu with his own hands.

Of course, it was not because he had a grudge against Yin Erchu, or because he would be able to make a great contribution by killing Yin Erchu under such circumstances.

It was mainly for the energy core in Yin Erchu’s body. Previously, he did not think much of it. Now, he had the idea that even a mosquito’s meat was meat. It was fine if he could quickly increase his strength.

However, before Yin Ba could pounce over, a saber light suddenly flashed behind Yin Erchu’s head.

A saber light neatly pierced into the vital spot on Yin Erchu’s right chest. The saber light spun and picked out Yin Erchu’s energy core. In the next moment, Yin Erchu’s energy core had already landed in Yan Lie’s hand. Yan Lie, who had appeared, held the energy core in his hand and smiled at Xu Tui.

Yan Lie felt that no one was stronger than him in terms of killing.

Yin Ba looked disappointed and depressed. He, a former planetary realm powerhouse, could not even snatch the meat of a mosquito! At the thought of this, he could not help but regret it. Back then, when Xu Tui asked him to charge forward with the three-phase thermal bomb, he should have charged forward instead of retreating.

Although it was a little difficult to charge forward, he would only be injured and consume some energy. However, based on the current situation, he did not even have the chance to be injured, let alone make a contribution.

Everyone who participated in the battle was like a pervert.

Whether it was Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Yanzi, Lang Ju, or Yin Liulong, it was too easy for them to kill the Transmutation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

As for Xu Tui, he was circling in the sky on his sword. The light of the flying sword flashed from time to time. Every time it flashed, a part of the base’s active defense would be destroyed.

At this moment, Yin Ba had an illusion. He felt that he was not a quasi-planet. Xu Tui was.

The battle only lasted for 20 minutes before it ended. It was mainly because after the two quasi-planets were killed, the remaining Transmutation Realm and Evolution Realm experts fled in all directions.

They didn’t care about those who fled out of the base.

Xu Tui did not want to occupy this planet to begin with. However, he had to eliminate the people in the base for safety.

“Ah Huang, how long will it take to open the Spiritual Cultivation Center?” Xu Tui asked Ah Huang, who had already begun to take over the control of the Control Center.

“Under normal circumstances, with the previous data, it would only take half an hour. However, the base had entered a state of war before we attacked. It will take me about two hours to comDletelv break through the SDiritual

Cultivation Center,” Ah Huang said helplessly.

“Search for other data and see if there are any Origin Crystal ores, meteor ashes, Purple Star Crystals, and so on.”

Ten minutes later, the entourage split into three teams again and headed for the Origin Crystal mine base on Planet Spiritual Sea.

Compared to Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spirit, Planet Spiritual Sea seemed to be a little richer in resources. There were actually five Origin Crystal mine bases.

This made Xu Tui feel a little pity. He did not have enough manpower at the moment. Otherwise, occupying Planet Spiritual Sea would be a better choice. The Origin Crystals that could be mined from five Origin Crystal mining points were as high as 200 grams a day. That was a considerable amount of wealth.

However, if they wanted to defend a planet like Planet Spiritual Sea, they had to have at least one planetary realm and two to three quasi-planetary experts to be foolproof.

Xu Tui did not have such an expert.

The only thing he looked forward to now was the quantum portal. If they mass-produced a quantum array core and built a set of teleportation networks, such as establishing a two-way teleportation channel between Planet Spiritual Sea and Planet Spirit, then he could occupy Planet Spiritual Sea again.

If something happened on Planet Spiritual Sea, they could obtain support in the shortest time possible. Unfortunately, he could not do that now. He did not even have the materials to make a quantum jade core, let alone a quantum array core.

“Xu Tui, the warehouse has been opened. The spiritual chamber still needs time.”

Not long after the search team set off, Ah Huang sent Xu Tui a message. A few minutes later, Xu Tui arrived at the warehouse area behind the base.

Xu Tui could not bear to check the warehouse when he saw it. They were all good things, but he could not bring them away. He could only blame his quantum dimensional chain space for being too small.

The first valuable thing he discovered in the warehouse was the Origin Crystals. They were slightly more than 6,000 grams. Xu Tui brought them all into the quantum dimensional chain. Then, he completely released his mental perception and scanned through one warehouse after another.

There were hundreds of warehouses here. More than half of them were filled with resources. Xu Tui could only take a look now. He could not take them away.

It was as if he was taking a walk. Xu Tui walked past one warehouse after another. His mental perception carefully scanned through all the stock in the warehouse, but he did not find anything surprising.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui walked past the last warehouse. There were many things piled up in the last warehouse. It looked a little like miscellaneous items. He scanned it with his mental perception, but there did not seem to be anything.

The sensory search ended. However, Xu Tui suddenly retreated after he took a step forward. Just now, in the corner of the warehouse, there seemed to be…

His mental perception went straight for the trash can-like object in the corner. It was ashes!

It was a fine gray with a hint of gold.

Xu Tui’s expression changed. He broke through the warehouse and surged out his mind power. All the other miscellaneous items flew up like magic and made way. Xu Tui instantly arrived in front of a trash can.

He put his fingers into the bucket. It was slightly warm in his hand, rather heavy, and had an extremely rich texture. His mental perception could not pass through it in an instant, but his energy could.

Xu Tui was instantly overjoyed.

Meteorite Ash!

This completely matched the characteristics of the meteorite ashes.

“Yanzi, come over quickly. Warehouse No. 106, immediately!” Xu Tui shouted

in the communication channel.

In the base, An Xiaoxue, who was on duty, suddenly looked in the direction of the warehouse. In the other direction, Yanzi turned into a flash of fire and headed straight for warehouse No. 106.

Yanzi still listened to Xu Tui’s words.

“Look, isn’t this meteorite ashes?” Xu Tui had a happy expression when he saw Yanzi arrive.

When she touched it, her mind power surged. A surprised expression appeared on Yanzi’s pretty face. “It’s meteorite ash. This is meteorite ash. Moreover, this amount is quite a lot!”

“How many times can you use it?” Xu Tui asked.

“It should be able to be used many times. It’s only a few dozen grams at a time. This box weighs more than a thousand kilograms according to the weight of the meteorite ashes,” Yanzi said.

“In that case, I’m only short of the Purple Star Crystal.” Xu Tui had an expectant expression.

“Find a record and see if you can find out where these meteorites were found. Under normal circumstances, meteorite ash and Purple Star Crystals are extremely easy to associate. However, the Purple Star Crystal was suddenly treated as a meteorite,” Yanzi said.

“Okay!”

Xu Tui casually waved his hand and sent the large bucket of ashes into the quantum dimensional chain space. Yanzi, who was envious, was stunned. She suddenly regretted it. Why did she have to tell the truth? She should report more. She might be able to save up some private goods when she makes them in the future.

While Yanzi was feeling depressed, Xu Tui had already given the relevant orders to Ah Huang to search for information from the Control Center database in the Mechanical Spirit Race’s base.

This was an advantage and disadvantage of technology. There would be traces of everything entering and leaving the warehouse. This would make many things easier.

Fifteen minutes later, Ah Huang sent Xu Tui a message. “I found it. It’s an unexpected gain from three years ago. From the records, the Mechanical Spirit Race did not know that this thing was meteorite ashes. It’s just a very special substance, so they brought it back to the store.” @@novelbin@@

“The source? Check where they got it from, ” Xu Tui asked. Xu Tui’s heart suddenly skipped a beat after he asked the question. An inexplicable palpitation suddenly appeared in his heart. Xu Tui subconsciously looked at the vast sky. “Ah Huang, is there anything unusual in outer space?”

“I’m about to report that an extremely strong energy fluctuation has been found in outer space 10,000 kilometers away from Planet Spiritual Sea. The nature of the fluctuation is unknown and is gradually strengthening. I’m intensifying my search,” Ah Huang suddenly replied.

Xu Tui’s pupils constricted.

Reinforcements? Or something else?

However, no matter what the situation was, he had to be on high alert.

“Emergency notice. All outgoing teams, no matter where they are, retreat to the base immediately. Be on high alert! All outgoing teams, retreat to the base immediately. Ah Huang, prepare the fleet. Be prepared to hide or take off at any time. Yin Ba, Lavis, everyone, prepare for battle!”

Just as Xu Tui gave a series of orders, Ah Huang’s voice rang out again. “Xu Tui, we have detected a huge energy body approaching Planet Spiritual Sea at high speed. It’s estimated that it will enter the Spiritual Sea in ten minutes.”

Xu Tui frowned. A few minutes later, Ah Huang’s anxious voice sounded. “Warning, the auras of two planetary powerhouses and four quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses have been detected.”

Xu Tui’s expression changed.

At the same time, in the sky, Yin Liu and Yin San led four quasi-planetary realm powerhouses and gradually separated from a huge ball of energy.

The Mechanical Spirit Race had accumulated a lot over the years.

A one-time-use quantum jump device that could allow them to instantly gather another planetary realm powerhouse.

This time, they were going all out for Planet Spiritual Sea!

“Third Brother, let’s go. We have to wipe out this group of hungry wolves from the Blue Star this time. We can’t let any of them escape!” Yin Liu, who had just been warped over, said..