Chapter 1118 - Chapter 1118: Have To Be Steady

Chapter 1118: Have to Be Steady

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the 25th of April, Xu Tui’s Hunter fleet once again slowly stopped in the pitch-black space like a ghost. He could see a planet in the distance. He could also see a little blue and green on the planet. It should be a planet with water and plants.

“Sir, Planet Spiritual Sea is ahead,” Yin Ba said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. He rushed all the way and arrived at Planet Spiritual Sea almost two days earlier than expected.

However, due to the distance, it still took a full 17 days.

Seventeen days was enough for the Mechanical Spirit Race to discover something. According to the feedback that Ah Huang had left behind on planet Spiritual Cabin, from seven days ago, the base command center of Planet Spiritual Cabin had received a high-frequency call.

He did not know the content. However, based on this deduction, he could confirm that the Mechanical Spirit Race had definitely discovered that something had happened to Planet Spiritual Cabin. Then, would the Planet Spiritual Sea be prepared?

That was hard to say.

Why was it hard to say?

It was because of the distance.

Even if the Mechanical Spirit Race Imew that something had happened to Planet Spiritual Sea and wanted to send reinforcements to Planet Spiritual Sea, it would still take time because of the distance.

The Planetary powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race were very fast. Their flying speed in space was even faster than that of hunters, but it was also limited. However, there was another problem. Xu Tui and the others did not know how far the other planetary powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race were from Planet Spiritual Sea.

What if someone who was closer to Planet Spiritual Sea rushed over immediately? Therefore, he had to be careful.

“Yin Ba, bring Yan Lie to investigate! If you are discovered, bring Yan Lie back immediately,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood, Sir!”

A few minutes later, Yin Ba concealed his aura and set off with Yan Lie on his back.

It was only because Yin Ba was from the Mechanical Spirit Race and was extremely familiar with the various remote-sensing reconnaissance facilities of the Mechanical Spirit Race that he could avoid it. However, it was impossible to silently barge into the Planet Spiritual Sea.

Yan Lie’s ability was displayed at this moment.

Yan Lie could silently infiltrate Planet Spiritual Sea.

Unfortunately, Yan Lie had just reached the Transmutation Realm. If Yan Lie could break through to the quasi-planetary realm, it would be very useful. Before he entered a safe distance, Yan Lie instantly disappeared and hid himself far away from the Planet Spiritual Sea. @@novelbin@@

Even though he had broken through to the Transmutation Realm, it still took Yan Lie a full 40 minutes to infiltrate Planet Spiritual Sea. With Yan Lie’s current abilities, Xu Tui believed that he would be able to hide for a period of time even if he encountered a Planetary powerhouse as long as he landed on the ground.

This was the fundamental reason why Xu Tui asked Yan Lie to attack. Yan Lie’s mutated concealment ability was really strong.

Four hours later, Xu Tui received a message from Yan Lie, who had been forwarded by Yin Ba.

Planet Spiritual Sea was on high alert.

There were no traces of any Mechanical Spirits’ activities outside the main base of Planet Spiritual Sea. The ground defense system of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s main base on Planet Spiritual Sea was activated.

There were no clear traces of planetary powerhouses in the base.

Two quasi-planetary guards and 12 Transmutation Realm experts were all in a battle-ready state. They were very nervous. This was the information sent by Yan Lie. There was no clear conclusion. All the information was seen by Yan Lie. Xu Tui had to determine what to do.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui put down the information and ordered Yan Lie, “Set up the guidance device and choose an opportunity to participate in the battle.”

“Attack!”

A minute later, the fleet that was already very close to Planet Spiritual Sea began to advance at high speed.

When they were 30,000 kilometers away from Planet Spiritual Sea, Planet Spiritual Sea finally discovered this fleet. However, strangely, the two quasi-planetary experts did not come out of the base. Instead, they chose to defend to the death. The long-range defense arms in the entire base were at full power.

“Let’s land with our physical bodies!”

The moment he got close to Planet Spiritual Sea, Xu Tui used the Vajra Barrier on his body and rode his sword with An Xiaoxue. They fell toward Planet Spiritual Sea like a meteor.

Yin Ba and Lavis turned into two streams of light and protected Xu Tui. Yin Liulong followed closely behind Xu Tui.

It was worth mentioning that after digesting another quasi-planetary energy core, Yin Liulong did not break through to the quasi-planetary realm. He was still a step away from the quasi-planetary realm.

This was very normal. Yin Liulong was only a line away from the quasi-planetary realm, so the energy core of the quasi-planetary realm could not allow him to break through immediately.

Below, the long-range energy attacks from the base had already blasted toward Xu Tui, Lavis, and Yin Ba like a barrage of bullets. There was even a formation of Hunter fighter jets that soared into the sky and charged toward them.

Xu Tui was not afraid of this at all.

A Transmutation Realm expert was actually no longer afraid of ordinary firearms. Not to mention Xu Tui, whose reaction speed was superhuman. However, he could avoid some of the barrage, while some could not be avoided. Otherwise, it would not be called a barrage. If he could not avoid it, he would use the Vajra Barrier.

The current Vajra Barrier was not for show.

At the same time, in the base of Planet Spiritual Sea, the commander of the base, Yin Erchu, was asking the second elder for help. “Sir, Planet Spiritual Sea is under attack. Requesting reinforcements!”

“Reinforcements are already on their way. They should be arriving soon. Now, tell me about the enemy’s strength!” Yin Er was very calm.

The attack on Planet Spiritual Sea was already within their deduction. Nine days ago, they had made a relevant guess. It was also their order to put Planet Spiritual Sea on full alert.

“Sir, I need some time.”

“I’ll wait for your news! Remember, just defend the base to the death, especially before you figure out the enemy’s strength,” Yin Er instructed.

“Don’t worry, Sir.”

After hanging up, Yin Er quickly contacted Yin San.

Yin San was the reinforcement they had sent to Planet Spiritual Sea. It was mainly because Yin San was the closest to Planet Spiritual Sea. He would be able to rush over in about ten days.

“How long will it be before you reach Planet Spiritual Sea?” Yin Er asked.

“Why? Was the Planet Spiritual Sea attacked?” Yin San was not stupid. He immediately reacted.

‘Yes, an enemy has launched a surprise attack on Planet Spiritual Sea.”

“What’s the enemy’s strength? I’m still four hours away from Planet Spiritual

Sea. If I rush over at full speed, I’ll be able to arrive in an hour at most,” Yin San asked.

“Let’s rush over at full speed first, but don’t be in a hurry to participate in the battle. Let’s wait for the enemy’s strength information from Planet Spiritual Sea.” After saying that, Yin Er added, ‘We can’t lose any more planetary realms. You have to be careful!”

“Understood!”

While Yin Er and Yin San were communicating, the battle on Planet Spiritual Sea was still ongoing. After receiving Yin Er’s instructions, Yin Erchu fought very conservatively and carefully.

However, as Xu Tui and the others charged into the interior of Planet Spiritual Sea and got closer and closer to the main base of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the difficulty became greater.

In the beginning, it was long-range weapons. Now that they were getting closer and closer to the main base, the energy weapons that were originally used for land-based defense in the main base had also entered the battle.

“Lavis, fire a wave?” Xu Tui suddenly looked at Lavis and took out a three-phase thermal explosive.

“No, no, no. My dear Xu, this might be a bit difficult for—.” Before he could finish his sentence, Lavis, who could not dodge in time, crashed into a barrage of bullets.

“Sir… I… I’m afraid it’ll be a little difficult for me too.” Yin Ba looked at the three-phase thermal bomb with a difficult expression.

Xu Tui let out a cold snort. “You’re really a useless planetary realm! Protect

Xiaoxue well.”

Xu Tui let go of An Xiaoxue as he spoke. He was like a shooting star as he instantly accelerated. He was like a sword light that streaked across the sky.

Yin Ba wanted to say that he was actually a quasi-planet. However, he no longer had the chance to say it. He could only follow Xu Tui’s orders and protect An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue’s defensive ability was still a little weaker than Xu Tui’s.

Xu Tui, who had rushed out, had already entered the clear state of meditation. He activated his mental perception to the extreme. Every time he moved his body slightly, he could avoid the barrage of bullets.

If he could not avoid it, he would let the Vajra Barrier block it.

The Vajra Barrier that was flickering with a golden light was like a huge lamp cannon. When it flashed in the sky, it instantly attracted most of the firepower.

Xu Tui could not help but sneer when he saw the firepower of the Spiritual Sea’s base below chasing after him.

Silently, another flying sword instantly flew out with a three-phase thermal bomb.

Xu Tui was still flying around in the sky with the Vajra Barrier as a light bulb. At the same time, in the main base of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin Erchu was making an emergency report to Elder Yin Er.

“Second Elder, the situation is basically clear. The enemy has two quasi-planetary experts, five Transmutation Realm experts, and a guy whose power fluctuations are at the Transmutation Realm. However, he is very strong. He might have the strength close to a quasi-planetary expert! They have already launched a brazen attack on our base,” Yin Erchu said.

On the other side, Yin Er, who had heard the report, nodded slightly. He contacted Yin San again. “There might be three quasi-planets. It’s not enough for you alone. I’m afraid there’s danger. Only two people can stabilize it! There had to be two people! This time, we have to be stable!” “You mean, use that thing?” “That’s right. Use it! It’s only valuable if you use it!”

“Alright, I understand!”

Just as Yin San nodded, Yin Erchu also looked at the sudden appearance of the three-phase thermal bomb and became anxious. “Quick, quick, disruptive bullets. Destroy it—” Boom!

In tne next moment, tne ngnt Instantly exploaea In tne most densely pacKea area of the base, especially the long-range defense arms..