Chapter 1117 - Chapter 1117: Harvest And Inevitable Save (2)

Chapter 1117: Harvest and Inevitable Save (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

But the consumption was huge too.

The Origin Crystals that he gave others, such as Lavis, Yin Ba, Yin Liulong, Yanzi, and Lang Ju, were all limited, ranging from 200 to 300 grams.

Only Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Yan Lie, Xu Tui, and An Xiaoxue cultivated without limit. However, even if Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and Yan Lie did not have a limited number, their consumption speed was still very limited. It was at most dozens of grams of Origin Crystals a day.

The three of them only consumed slightly more than 100 grams a day.

What about Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue? Their consumption was at least 500 grams a day. Sometimes, it could even reach 600 to 700 grams. Most of the Origin

Crystals he had obtained this time had been cultivated by him and An Xiaoxue.

On the way, he consumed 18,000 grams of Origin Crystals in 37 days. However, their strength also advanced by leaps and bounds.

Xu Tui’s mental whip genetic ability chain had entered a full circulation state.

According to Old Cai, if the internal channels of a certain genetic ability chain could enter a full circulation state, it could condense a star at any time. Furthermore, the success rate of condensing a star was very high. In other words, Xu Tui could break through to the quasi-planetary realm at any time now.

Xu Tui was not the only one. An Xiaoxue was the same in this cultivation state. However, neither of them planned to break through to the quasi-planetary realm immediately.

They cultivated too quickly and did not accumulate enough. There were too few channels established in the other genetic chains. Even if they broke through, the enhancement effect would not be great.

Moreover, after quickly establishing the internal circulation channels, the main genetic chain could be said to have multiplied. Under the horizontal effect, it would strengthen the physical body again and strengthen the other genetic chains to a certain extent.

And this required time.

Therefore, both Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were still focused on cultivation. They still needed time to break through to the quasi-planetary realm.

However, there was no doubt that to a certain extent, the two of them had the combat strength of a quasi-planet or close to a quasi-planet.

For example, Xu Tui’s full-circulation mental whip and the Stab Formula would increase its power by 1% according to each internal circulation channel. The increase in power would be more than 50%.

This did not include the increase in power brought about by the rapid enhancement of Xu Tui’s mind power.

During this period of time, be it Xu Tui or An Xiaoxue, the first internal circulation they built every day had to be the 72-point Great Circulation Genetic Ability Chain.

Although it was too difficult for the 72-point genetic ability chain to have a full circulation, the accumulation was still very terrifying.

Xu Tui’s 72-point genetic ability chain had constructed 41 internal channels. An Xiaoxue had also constructed almost 30. His mind power had increased by 30 to 40%.

This speed of improvement made Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Yanzi, and the others, who occasionally contacted Xu Tui, feel as if they had seen a ghost.

How could he have improved so quickly?

Other than that, Xu Tui had also constructed one or two internal circulations of some commonly used genetic ability chains to improve them slightly. Then, he mainly built the Vajra Tide Force Field and the internal circulation channel of the Vajra Barrier.

Attack and defense were equally important.

In the previous battle on Planet Spiritual Cabin, the defense ability of the Vajra Set had already shown its power.

Triple Vajra Set basically meant that Xu Tui could block three waves of attacks from quasi-planetary experts without being injured.

Now, Xu Tui somewhat understood why Li Qingping, a planetary realm powerhouse with four satellites, could withstand Lei Tian. Even Old Cai found it very difficult to face Lei Tian head-on. In the entire Blue Star, only Erera could fight Lei Tian head-on. Li Qingping was another exception.

On the way to Planet Spiritual Sea, Xu Tui felt that he was about to have four layers of the Vajra Set.

Xu Tui arrived at Planet Spiritual Cabin on April 8th. He left for Planet Spiritual Sea on the same day.

On the 16th of April, on the satellite fortress of Planet Kono, Elder Yin Er of the Mechanical Spirit Race, who had completed his routine mission, returned to his residence.

After layers of verification, Yin Er entered the external command center in his residence and began his routine work. Not long after, he opened another private channel and began to check the monthly report.

The Mechanical Spirit Race was weak and vassal to the Spiritual Race, so they were very cautious.

They would regularly patrol their own private planets.

Firstly, it was to protect them. Secondly, it was to prevent any leaks. If they were exposed, they would have to think of a way to protect themselves immediately and clear their names. Therefore, the safety measures were very powerful. Therefore, Yin Er, who was at the helm, would personally ask about it every month to prevent everyone from slacking off.

As soon as he connected, an urgent report came through the private channel. The verification of Planet Spiritual Cabin had failed.

The Mechanical Spirit Race had many ways of verifying private planets. Long-range signal verification, long-range commander reporting for verification, and long-range private verification.

The long-range signal verification and long-range password verification on Planet Spiritual Cabin had all passed. However, the long-range commander verification had not passed, causing an alarm.

“What’s the reason for the failure?”

“The commander of Planet Spiritual Cabin, Yin Sandan, refuses to accept!”

“Is there a reason?”

Yin Er’s expression instantly darkened. He decided to personally contact Yin Sandan.

There was no reaction! When he contacted again, there was still no reaction. Yin Er’s heart instantly tightened. He immediately called for an emergency meeting and asked Yin Sandan’s immediate superior, Yin San, to contact him.

There was still no reaction!

“Something happened! Something must have happened to the Planet Spiritual Cabin.” Yin San was extremely certain.

“However, the location of Planet Spiritual Cabin is extremely secretive. The number of people who know is extremely limited. How can something happen? Why don’t we send someone to investigate first?” Yin Wu suggested.

“If something really happened to Planet Spiritual Cabin, then I highly suspect that one of the two people, Yin Qi and Yin Ba, surrendered after being captured.” Yin Liu suddenly said. @@novelbin@@

As soon as he spoke, it was like a thunderclap that shocked everyone.

Yin Qi and Yin Ba were the true core of the Mechanical Spirit Race. If they really surrendered, then that would be catastrophic.

In the next moment, Yin Er suddenly exclaimed, “Not good, Planet Spiritual Sea! If that’s true, Planet Spiritual Sea and other resource planets will probably be in danger!”

In an instant, the expressions of the elders present instantly became extremely ugly.

“This… Yin Qi and Yin Ba are also core members of us. They shouldn’t… Surrender…” These words made Yin Wu lose his confidence.

“It’s hard to say before death.” Yin Er knocked on the table hard. “Planet Spirit,

Planet Spiritual Cabin, and Planet Spiritual Sea are our most important planets. If these three planets are gone, it will be impossible for new planetary powerhouses to appear in the next few decades. We have to save them!”

“Are we going to save Planet Spiritual Cabin?” Yin Wu asked.

“No, Planet Spiritual Sea. At this moment, there’s no point in rescuing Planet Spiritual Cabin. Immediately order Planet Spiritual Sea to enter a battle-ready state. At the same time, send reinforcements and retrieve the silver box!

“We have to protect the Planet Spiritual Sea!” Yin Liu said firmly.

“Who’s going? Who’s close?” Yin Er asked..