Chapter 1111 - Chapter 1111: Borrowing Your Commander (2)

Chapter 1111: Borrowing Your Commander (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After cultivating for three days, the Origin Crystals in their hands were exhausted.

However, their strength had also increased greatly in three days.

In these three days, Xu Tui had gained a total of 16 internal circulation channels. Including the additional internal circulation channels from before, Xu Tui’s mental whip genetic ability chain had reached 28.

The complete internal circulation state of the mental whip genetic ability chain was 55 internal circulations. Under normal circumstances, most cultivators would start to try to condense a star after completing a third of the internal circulation of a certain genetic ability chain.

If the internal circulation channel was half completed, they would usually try to condense a star.

Trying to condense a star was equivalent to breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm.

Xu Tui’s current 28 internal circulation channels had already exceeded half of the perfect circulation. From this, Xu Tui could try to break through to the quasi-planetary realm at any time. If he could successfully break through.

However, Xu Tui was not in a hurry to break through to the quasi-planetary realm.

Others could not because they were in a hurry.

On the other hand, Xu Tui lacked Origin Crystals. Therefore, Xu Tui wanted to try the perfect internal circulation and see what the breakthrough with the perfect internal circulation would be like.

Similarly, An Xiaoxue’s improvement was also godly. The internal circulation in the genetic ability chain that she majored in had already exceeded a third. As long as she waited for a period of time and waited for the main genetic ability chain to strengthen her body, An Xiaoxue could even try to break through to the quasi-planetary realm.

It was hard to say if she would succeed.

Of course, An Xiaoxue would not break through in such a hurry. Just like Xu Tui, she had plenty of time to accumulate.

“I’m about to run out of Origin Crystals. What about yours?” An Xiaoxue suddenly asked while they were resting.

Xu Tui became embarrassed when he heard that. What was the most awkward moment for a man? It was when a man couldn’t do what a woman wanted. Whether it was certain abilities or wealth.

What Xu Tui lacked now was Origin Crystals.

“Xiaoxue, the current Origin Crystals are a little tight. It’s mainly because we have expended too much energy in our cultivation. I’ll get some more after I’m done.” Xu Tui smiled bitterly.

“Stubborn.” An Xiaoxue rolled her eyes at Xu Tui. She took out a bag from her bag and said, “Use these first.”

Xu Tui opened the bag and took a look. He was shocked.

“That much? It’s at least 2,000 grams, right?” Xu Tui was shocked.

“When I participated in the exploration, I brought a lot of resources. Mr. Ji and Mr. He also transferred a lot to me. Of course, the consumption was also very high. However, a portion of this is what we gained from the Tower Asteroid,” An Xiaoxue said.

“The gains from Tower Asteroid?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“Do you know why we set up that protective base deep underground on Tower Asteroid?” An Xiaoxue suddenly asked.

“Why? Isn’t it for defense and survival?”

“Yes, but choosing that location is not the main point. That base was originally a natural cave that I discovered. There was actually an open-air Origin Crystal mine deep in the cave. I picked up most of the Origin Crystals there!” An Xiaoxue said.

She picked it up!

She picked it up!

Xu Tui felt like he was about to break down when he heard that. How rich were they to be able to pick up Origin Crystal mines? There were about 40

Mechanical Spirit Race robots constantly mining the Origin Crystal mine on Planet Spirit. They did not rest all day, and the output was only about 30 grams a day.

An Xiaoxue could actually pick up the Origin Crystals in that mine she discovered!

Xu Tui was a little stunned. He widened his eyes and looked at An Xiaoxue.

“Xiaoxue, who else knows?”

“Just me.”

“How could that be?” Xu Tui was stunned again.

“I discovered it first. After picking up everything I could, there were no more mining conditions if I relied on manual labor.

“At that time, there were too many pioneer raiders and their members were complicated. Once this news was announced, it would be very difficult to keep it a secret. Once it was announced, it might become collectively owned by the six alliances.

“Therefore, I destroyed a portion of the tunnel inside. Then, I suggested that the Huaxia Sector’s pioneer raiders set up a temporary shelter there and guard it, waiting for the day when it was developed on a large scale.

“I didn’t expect…”

Xu Tui was shocked. He could only say one word—awesome! Women had grea earth-shattering methods to hide a secret. An Xiaoxue had actually hidden such a huge secret. She only told Xu Tui now.

To be honest, Xu Tui was very tempted. They should not be too far from Towe Asteroid. Under normal circumstances, the journey would take three to five days, but there was no location. However, an Aerospace Combat Jet had been left there at that time. He did not know if that Aerospace Combat Jet had been completely destroyed by the Spiritual Race.

If it was not completely destroyed, he could return to the Tower Asteroid and secretly mine a portion of the Origin Crystals.

However, there was no location. It was useless to know this news.

In the vast space, it would take years to search for the Tower Asteroid.

An Xiaoxue suddenly said when she saw Xu Tui’s expression, “Don’t worry about the location marker. I left a special frequency marker there. We can finc it back.”

Xu Tui was speechless. He felt that women were so powerful and terrifying. However, he had to treat the Origin Crystal mines there carefully after returning to Tower Asteroid. At this moment, he had to convert the Origin Crystals that An Xiaoxue had taken out into strength first.

“Xiaoxue, you know about the quantum dimensional chain, right?”

“I know, but I can’t learn it.”

“I’ll teach you.”

“I can teach it when we’re dual cultivating.” Xu Tui let out a mischievous laugh.

The cultivation method of the quantum dimensional chain that Xu Tui had obtained from Lei Xiang was something that others could not teach. However, it was especially easy to teach An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui in their dual cultivation state.

He just had to let An Xiaoxue continuously enter and leave Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain.

Ordinary people could not even enter and leave like this, let alone care about their privacy.

An Xiaoxue’s ability to sense and locate genetic base points was still inferior to Xu Tui’s because she did not know how to use illusory introspection.

However, even so, An Xiaoxue successfully activated the quantum dimensional chain a day later.

Compared to Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain, which was close to six cubic meters, An Xiaoxue’s quantum dimensional chain was only one cubic meter.

However, this was already very shocking. @@novelbin@@

A cubic meter of quantum dimensional chain space was enough to store a few three-phase thermal bombs. It could be said to be a mobile strategic arsenal, including other resources.

It was soon March 1st.

It had been peaceful for half a month since the battle of Spirit I.

Xu Tui, who had been dual cultivating with An Xiaoxue behind closed doors for six to seven days, finally had no choice but to stop after a fake dual cultivation.

This time, even the Origin Crystals that An Xiaoxue had provided were almost used up. Other than the emergency Origin Crystals, he had really used them all.

“Old Yan, come over for a moment.” Xu Tui sent a message to Yan Lie.

It was time to experiment on Yan Lie.

Yan Lie did not know introspection, and his mind power was average. He could only rely on Xu Tui to assist him in his cultivation. However, Yan Lie had absolute trust in Xu Tui. If it could be done on Yan Lie, then this would be another path.

Although Xu Tui could not help Yan Lie cultivate all the time, he could at least save Yan Lie a few years of hard work by pushing a few key points.

While he was waiting for Yan Lie, Anna came again. Over the past few days, this blonde-haired, blue-eyed woman had come to look for An Xiaoxue several times. She did it once a day, but An Xiaoxue dismissed her.

Today, after the dual cultivation ended, An Xiaoxue was free and met her good friend. The moment she went out, Anna was stunned. “Xiaoxue, you… you… you broke through to the Transmutation Realm?”

An Xiaoxue nodded gently.

“So fast?” Amidst her surprise, Anna asked curiously, “That’s great. You were very strong before. Now that you’ve broken through, you must be even stronger. Come, display your aura. I’ll see how strong you are.”

In the next moment, An Xiaoxue completely released her aura. The foreign woman, Anna, was stunned.

“Why does this aura feel stronger than Gaman? How did you cultivate?”

An Xiaoxue did not guard against Anna. It was just a name anyway. She said that this was the result of her dual cultivation with Xu Tui.

Hearing this, Anna rushed into the room. “Xiaoxue, lend me your regiment commander. I want to dual cultivate with him. I want to break through too!”

Xu Tui was stunned.

An Xiaoxue’s face darkened. She looked at Anna, who was rushing in, and blocked the door..