Chapter 1114 - Chapter 1114: Scavenging And Verification (2)

Chapter 1114: Scavenging and Verification (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It had not been long since Xu Tui saved them. The traces of the battle here were still there. The tunnel had already collapsed because of the last three-phase thermal bomb.

How should he put it? Due to its size, it was not bad for the dwarf to do automation and construction work. However, the speed of this excavation work was relatively slow.

The effect of Yin Liulong was displayed at this moment. He shapeshifted into an excavation form and quickly dug in. However, Xu Tui felt that it was a little slow.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui called over the former planetary realm, the now quasi-planetary, Yin Ba and gestured for him to join the excavation team.

Yin Ba looked aggrieved. He was a planetary powerhouse. He had never been ordered around like this in the hands of the Mechanical Spirit Race. However, as Xu Tui glared at him, Yin Ba obediently transformed into a digging form and quickly did his work. He had no choice. He had fallen to the quasi-planetary realm and was a captive.

With the addition of Yin Ba and Yin Liulong, the digging speed was many times faster. Half a day later, deep in the tunnel, everyone was stunned when they saw the Origin Crystal mine being dug out.

Not to mention Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao, even Yin Ba and Yin Liulong were dumbfounded. There was actually an Origin Crystal mine here, and it was a rich mine. The eight dwarf first-generation robots that had already modified the program began to build and lay out the mine.

Actually, this Origin Crystal mine was a little like digging for gems. The infrastructure preparations for mining were quite simple.

Half a day later, the mining began.

According to his calculations, the yield a day was about 100 grams of Origin Crystals, mainly because there were fewer robots participating in mining. The production could still increase further if a portion of the robots were transported over in the next wave.

However, Xu Tui was very short of Origin Crystals now. Under Xu Tui’s gaze, Yin Liulong actively transformed into an excavation form and participated in the mining process.

Yin Ba was a little unwilling, but he still shapeshifted into an excavation form. After all, he had been a top decision maker for many years. Planetary powerhouses, even if they were vassals, had a very high status.

Now that he had suddenly become a tool, he was still a little uncomfortable.

“The 5% extracted is yours.”

When Xu Tui gave the reward, even Yin Ba instantly became a strange four-way excavator. The mining speed of a person was much faster than the total of eight dwarf robots.

“It’s fine. Start digging. It’ll belong to whoever digs up enough.”

As the dwarf progressed, the mine expanded. Since they had nothing to do, Qu Qingshan, Yan Lie, Wen Shao, and the others also participated in the mining operation.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue began to cultivate leisurely. Where there was an Origin Crystal mine, the concentration of Origin Energy was much higher. The cultivation efficiency was very high, almost a third of the cultivation with Origin Crystals.

Not long after, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and Yan Lie also reacted. Why are they digging? The most important thing is cultivation. So the three of them also cultivated like Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue. Only Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui eagerly.

It was better to dual cultivate with the regiment commander. That speed was extremely fast!

Xu Tui and the others had been on the Tower Asteroid for half a month. They had been cultivating most of the time. Their advancement could be said to be godly.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had built more than 70 internal circulation chains. Their strength advanced by leaps and bounds. Yan Lie, who was occasionally taken care of by Xu Tui, also quickly increased his strength. They spent the rest of their time opening boxes. @@novelbin@@

That’s right, opening boxes.

In the past half a month, more than 3,000 supply boxes from the Blue Star had been transported over from all directions and corners of Tower Asteroid.

A quarter of it was food, and the other quarter was all kinds of key shelter establishment and communication maintenance equipment. As for the remaining half, it was Potions and Origin Crystals.

It was mainly various Energy Restoration Elixirs, Healing Potions, and Origin Crystals.

Origin Crystals accounted for about a quarter. Unfortunately, there were not many Origin Crystals in each supply box. As the location when they landed during the transportation was random, there were many supply boxes, but they did not contain much. The Origin Crystals in the supply box were all standard 10 grams.

Origin Crystals were found in more than a thousand supply boxes. Xu Tui had obtained more than 11,000 kilograms of Origin Crystals alone. He had made a killing. There were also tens of thousands of bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs. Back then, the Blue Star had actually spent a lot of money to support the pioneer raiders.

The Origin Crystals that Xu Tui picked up as if they were scavenging were as high as 11,000 kilograms. Moreover, that was not all. In the past half a month, the places that the 3,000 ant beasts had searched were only less than a third of the area of Tower Asteroid.

However, the search could no longer proceed. From the sixth day after they came to the Tower Asteroid, ant beasts had continuously died.

This made Xu Tui and the others very nervous at first. However, when they found the corpse of the ant beast, they realized that it was a physiological death. It should be because it was not used to the environment on Tower Asteroid and gradually died.

Until today, less than 20 of the 3,000 ant beasts could survive. Miraculously, half of the 20 ant beasts had broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm during this tribulation-like search. Unfortunately, it was not an ant-man.

On the 21st of March, other than the eight first-generation engineering robots that had been set up and mined silently, Xu Tui brought everyone away from Tower Asteroid.

He returned with a full load.

Putting aside the 11,000 grams of Origin Crystals, potions, equipment obtained from scavenging, they had mined as much as 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals in the past half a month. Most of them were mined with all their might by Yin Ba and Yin Liulong.

The two Mechanical Spirit Race’s experts had shapeshifted and excavated. The amount they mined in a day was astonishing, mainly because the 10% reward was relatively shocking.

Basically, Yin Ba could mine 150 grams a day, and Yin Liulong could mine nearly 100 grams a day. In half a month, they each received 100 to 200 grams of Origin Crystals.

This number made Yin Liulong very satisfied. Yin Ba was also very satisfied. In the past, 200 grams of Origin Crystals was not a lot. When he was working for the Spiritual Race, he was given 100 grams of Origin Crystals every month. However, now that he was a captive, he was still very self-aware. At the very least, Xu Tui would not give him a salary for the time being.

On the fighter jet that set off again, Xu Tui and Yin Ba made their final confirmation.

“Yin Ba, there’s nothing wrong with the location of the cultivation planet of the

Mechanical Spirit Race, right?”

“Don’t worry, Sir. That’s right.”

“Alright, I believe you! However, Yin Ba, this is the first allegiance you have given me. Therefore, from this moment on, before we safely arrive at the cultivation planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race that you mentioned, my vigilance will be raised to the highest. I will be on guard against you at all times. You will only be able to obtain my initial trust after we take down this cultivation planet. Do you understand?” Xu Tui said directly.

“Sir, I understand.. Don’t worry, Sir!”