Chapter 1115 - Chapter 1115: Lightning Battle, You’Re So Slow

Chapter 1115: Lightning Battle, You’re So Slow

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Planet Spiritual Cabin.

It was located in the asteroid belt and was about two-thirds the size of the Planet Spirit. It was the second Spiritual Planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race that Yin Ba knew about.

Based on the standard cruising speed of the Hunter’s disc-shaped fighter jet, it was an 18 -day journey from Tower Asteroid. It was about 22 days away from Planet Spirit.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s fighter jet formed by eight Hunters was like a ghost. It floated in the depths of space about 100,000 kilometers away from Planet Spiritual Cabin and quietly watched it.

“It has been completely confirmed that the various reconnaissance and remote sensing facilities on Planet Spiritual Cabin did not discover us. However, we can’t carry out a large-scale high-powered reconnaissance of Planet Spiritual Cabin. Once the energy fluctuations are too great, we will definitely be discovered by Planet Spiritual Cabin.” Ah Huang reported.

Under the current circumstances, Ah Huang could be said to Imow the technology of the Mechanical Spirit Race like the back of its hand.

They had also used the Mechanical Spirit Race’s disc-shaped fighter jet. They had only made some targeted changes, but the Mechanical Spirit Race’s military facilities had become blind and deaf.

Of course, this was under a certain premise.

Xu Tui glanced at An Xiaoxue and shouted in the public channel, “Yin Ba, do you think that the higher-ups of the Mechanical Spirit Race will inform Planet Spiritual Cabin of your death or disappearance?”

In the other fighter jet, Yin Ba was silent for a few seconds. He slowly said, “In theory, no. That’s because no matter which race it is, the death of a Planetary powerhouse is a huge blow, especially for a race like the Mechanical Spirit Race, which has very few Planetary powerhouses. They would not inform them of such news. Even if it’s a notice, it’s only limited to individual commanders.”

Yin Ba’s analysis made sense. This was especially so for the Mechanical Spirit Race. The losses this time were actually quite tragic. Including Yin Si, more than a third of the top forces of the race were gone.

They did not dare to announce such a huge loss.

“I hope that you can step forward and take down Planet Spiritual Cabin in the simplest and fastest way. Do you understand?” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Yin Ba smiled bitterly. “Sir, is this part of the allegiance?” “I guess so.”

“Sure, but if I appear as Elder Yin Ba, as long as the news is sent back to Yin Er and the others, I’m afraid it will be very troublesome for us to invade other resource planets,” Yin Ba said.

These words pleased Xu Tui.

Xu Tui liked Yin Ba’s attitude. At the very least, before Yin Ba did this analysis, he was basically on Xu Tui’s side. Regardless of whether he had selfish motives or not, this was a good start.

“The appearance and characteristics of the Mechanical Spirit Race shouldn’t be too great. Moreover, the internal hierarchy is strict. I think that you can choose a living elder to impersonate, ” Xu Tui suggested.

“Sir, that’s not a problem, but the outcome is the same as me appearing. As long as the news spreads, it will alert Yin Er and the others,” Yin Ba said.

“You don’t understand! The reason why I asked you to impersonate someone else is not to hide your identity, but to prevent the possibility of Yin Er passing down the news that something had happened. A lightning battle. Do you understand?” Xu Tui said.

Yin Ba was stunned for a moment. Then, he said in shock, “Sir, that’s impossible! Although there are no Planetary experts guarding Planet Spiritual Cabin, there are also two quasi-planetary experts guarding here, and more

“Even if I was at my peak and suddenly ambushed two quasi-planets, I might not be able to destroy them in an instant! Not to mention now.”

“See, this is why your Mechanical Spirit Race is getting weaker and weaker.”

Yin Ba was speechless.

“Follow my plan. ”

“Alright, Sir.” After a moment of silence, Yin Ba agreed.

An hour later, Yin Ba carried an alloy box and quickly flew towards Planet Spiritual Cabin with Yin Liulong. Almost like all colonial planets or spiritual planets, there were very few colonists or possessors. This seemed to be a common problem for all species.

When civilization developed to a certain extent, the reproduction of the population would slow down, or species suitable for interstellar expeditions would always be a minority.

For example, when the humans of the Blue Star began to develop in the extra-terrestrial, what they lacked the most was manpower.

It was the same for the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The model of the Planet Spiritual Cabin was similar to that of Planet Spirit. The Mechanical Spirit Race had built a main base on the Planet Spiritual Cabin to support and control it. The other 20-odd resource bases were all controlled by automated programs.

Under such circumstances, it was relatively easy to carry out a lightning battle.

Not long after Yin Ba and Yin Liulong flew into Planet Spiritual Cabin, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s main base on Planet Spiritual Cabin discovered Yin Ba’s whereabouts. Someone immediately sent a message to ask.

However, when Yin Ba deliberately released his powerful aura that was close to the planetary realm, the main base of Planet Spiritual Cabin was immediately alarmed.

rlIV0 quasi-planetary experts and ten Transmutation Realm experts quickly welcomed them.

“I’m Yin Liu. There’s a problem on Planet Spirit. The Second Elder sent me to patrol the safety of the spiritual warehouse.”

The reason why Yin Ba pretended to be Yin Liu was that the two quasi-planets on Planet Spiritual Cabin came from Yin Er and Yin San. The Mechanical Spirit Race had a strict hierarchy. The two quasi-planets guarding this place quickly welcomed Yin Ba, who was pretending to be Yin Liu, into the base. Although the hierarchy was strict, quasi-planetary realm powerhouses also had a certain status. On the way to the base, he had some doubts.

“Elder Liu, why do I feel that your aura is a little weak? Are you injured?” Yin Sandan asked.

Yin Ba glanced coldly at Yin Sandan. His gaze was extremely cold. Although Yin Sandan lowered his head, he did not avoid it. ‘When I went to investigate the situation on Planet Spirit, I encountered a powerful enemy and was injured.”

Yin Sandan responded softly. Although he did not suspect anything, he already had an idea. “Elder, may I ask what is in this box?”

“A captive. When you reach the base, release him for interrogation.”

Yin Sandan was a little curious when he heard about the captives. “Which race are they from?”

“Great Xi Clan.”

Yin Sandan felt deep veneration when he heard that it was the Great Xi Clan. In the universe, the Great Xi Clan was a powerful race like the Spiritual Race. They were much stronger than the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The Mechanical Spirit Race naturally worshiped and obeyed the strong.

Twenty minutes later, they arrived at the reception hall of the base on Planet Spiritual Cabin.

Yin Sandan was still very cautious. He did not direct Yin Ba to the command center of the base. Instead, he said carefully in the reception hall, “Elder Liu, please forgive us. According to the rules, we need to confirm with the higher-ups when you patrol the area. This is a rule set by the second elder. We have to abide by it.”

“No problem.” Yin Ba waved his hand indifferently. However, just as Yin

Sandan bowed respectfully, Yin Ba suddenly said, “Wait a moment.”

“What’s wrong, Elder Liu?” The vigilance in Yin Sandan’s eyes suddenly increased when he was stopped by Yin Ba.

“Oh, I’ve captured two people from the Great Xi Clan. You can take a video and send it to the Second Elder and the others. Get them to investigate the identities of these two guys through the channels of the Spiritual Race. See if there’s any room to maneuver,” Yin Ba said.

Yin Sandan’s eyes lit up. That was a good thing. The captives of the Great Xi Clan were rather valuable.

“Coincidentally, I haven’t seen the captives of the Great Xi Clan yet. I have to thank Elder Liu for broadening our horizons.” Yin Sandan smiled.

In the next moment, Yin Ba gently patted the metal box behind him. Two metal balls, one big and one small, rolled out of the box. Yin Sandan and the other quasi-planetary experts were stunned. “Elder Liu, aren’t they captives? Why are there two balls?”

Almost at the same time, Lavis, who had turned into a metal ball and was rolling out, instantly expanded his body and pounced towards another quasi-planet.

Ah Huang, which had turned into a small ball and rolled out, instantly pounced towards the data interface of the reception center. At the same time, Yin Ba and Yin Liulong pounced at Yin Sandan at the same time.

“Elder Liu, you!” Under the sudden attack, he was injured in one move. However, Yin Sandan’s reaction speed was also very fast. He quickly fought with injuries. At the same time, an alarm sounded.

Yin Ba instantly became anxious. The sound of the alarm meant that the Transmutation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race outside would charge in. Ten Transmutation Realm experts were equivalent to at least three quasi-planets. Once they charged in, he, a planetary realm who had fallen to the quasi-planetary realm, might die here.

At the same time, the metal box that Yin Ba was carrying previously was completely opened. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, who were hugging each other, appeared at the same time.

Xu Tui focused his gaze the moment he appeared. He instantly smashed the mental hammer toward Yin Sandan. The moment Yin Sandan’s mental body swayed, the silver light in front of An Xiaoxue instantly flashed and exploded.

In an instant, a silver light exploded inside Yin Sandan’s electronic eye. @@novelbin@@

Amidst the chaotic light, Yin Sandan’s electronic eye was instantly destroyed.

Under this extremely sudden heavy injury, Yin Sandan immediately became the target of Yin Bat s attacks. It was also at this moment that the ten Mechanical Spirit Race’s members who had just welcomed them charged in because of the alarm.

Yin Ba became anxious. This time, he was probably doomed.

“Sir, retreat first. I’ll cover you,” Yin Ba, who was smashing Yin Sandan, said anxiously. He would not be able to recover if Xu Tui died.

Xu Tui glanced at Yin Ba and said, “You kill your quasi-planet. Leave these guys to us.”

The water puppet doll instantly spread out and turned into a huge frost puppet that was six meters tall. It blocked in front of the Mechanical Spirit Race Transmutation Realm expert who was charging at the front.

The mental body of the first one suddenly shook and he fell to the ground on the spot. He was directly hammered by the Frost Puppet. The second one’s body inexplicably exploded continuously, causing him to stagger and fall. The third one’s energy core was destroyed by Xu Tui’s flying sword. The fourth one was blocked by Xu Tui’s multidimensional flying sword.

However, the remaining six Transmutation Realm members of the Mechanical Spirit Race had already surrounded him. Even a quasi-planetary expert would not be able to withstand the combined attacks of six Transmutation Realm experts.

Xu Tui took a step forward and protected An Xiaoxue when he saw this. The Vajra Barrier instantly became extremely bright.

Xu Tui’s first Vajra Barrier was destroyed in just one attack. However, the second Vajra Barrier instantly lit up.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui killed another Transmutation Realm member of the Mechanical Spirit Race with his hammer and sword. An Xiaoxue also unleashed her full strength and directly exploded the energy core of a Transmutation Realm expert from the inside.

The moment the second Vajra Barrier exploded, the third Vajra Barrier rose.

Xu Tui’s Vajra Set had already reached Level Three. When the third Vajra Barrier was raised, there were only three Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit Race members left.

“Yinba, you’re so f*cking slow!” Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui, who had wiped out ten Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit Race members, spoke. He stunned Yin Ba, who had just killed Yin Sandan.

This was simply…