Chapter 1122 - 1122: Great Victory And Reward (1)

Chapter 1122: Great Victory and Reward (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had killed the planetary powerhouse of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin San. Not only did it shock everyone on the battlefield, but it also shocked himself.

However, the fastest to react was another Planetary realm powerhouse, Yin Liu.

A second ago, Yin Liu had been fighting Yin Ba and Lavis with all his might. Out of consideration for his race, Yin Liu wanted to capture Yin Ba and Lavis alive, so the battle was rather difficult. However, after a sword energy that made his heart palpitate suddenly flashed, Yin San’s aura disappeared.

Yin San was gone! @@novelbin@@

In an instant, Yin Liu felt like he was going to pee.

What kind of f*cking ability was this?

In terms of overall strength and cultivation, the planetary realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race were indeed a little weaker than the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan.

However, it was at most a small level weaker.

The strength of the Four Satellites Planetary expert of the Mechanical Spirit Race was about the same as the Three Satellites Planetary realm expert of the Spiritual Race.

Yin San was an experienced expert in the Mechanical Spirit Race. He was a Four Satellites Planetary realm expert. Even if he was a little weaker because of his race, not everyone could kill him.

Under normal circumstances, it would be easy for a Four Satellites Planetary realm expert from another race to defeat Yin San, but it would be very difficult to kill him.

But now, he had been insta-killed by a sword.

At this moment, Yin Liu felt a chill run down his spine. Were there any more of such sword lights? Would he hit him and stab him? The moment this thought surged into his mind, the usually cautious Yin Liu made the wisest decision in his life.

Escape!

He instantly turned around and fled. As for anything else, he did not care! His life was more important! In any case, he would definitely not be able to withstand another strike that insta-killed Yin San.

Originally, even a Planetary realm powerhouse would not be able to escape in an instant. Under normal circumstances, Yin Liu would not be able to escape quickly even if he wanted to. However, Lavis and Yin Ba were not focused on the battle.

Yin Ba had already had some thoughts when he met the understanding sixth brother today. Coupled with the fact that Yin San had been instantly killed by Xu Tui, Yin Ba, who had been paying attention to Xu Tui’s situation, was really shocked.

He was in a state of shock!

When did Commander Xu Tui, who was only at the Transmutation Realm, become so powerful?

There was no need to mention Lavis, who had been hoping for his dear Xu to die in battle. He was very thoughtful. It was already good enough that he could use 70% of his strength in battle.

There was a reason for Lavis’s attention.

That was because up until now, Xu Tui had fought a Planetary realm powerhouse, Yin San, alone. He was the strongest enemy Xu Tui had encountered. It was also the moment when Xu Tui, who was controlling him, was most likely to die in battle.

Therefore, Lavis looked forward to it! He would be completely liberated if Xu Tui died in battle. However, Xu Tui did not die in battle. Instead, Xu Tui’s opponent, Yin San, was killed.

Lavis was stunned! His heart ached so much that he could not breathe. Why did he not die after encountering a Planetary realm powerhouse? Dear Xu was obviously a Transmutation Realm cultivator.

In this state, it was easy for Yin Liu, who had the fastest reaction, to escape. It instantly turned into a silver light that pierced through the sky. As for the other four quasi-planetary experts, Yin Liu did not care. He was already afraid of being insta-killed, so why would he care about others?

Yin Ba reacted rather quickly. The moment Yin Liu escaped, he exclaimed,

“Brother, don’t run!”

Yin Liu, who was about to escape into the sky, was speechless. Wa: of being a captive with you?

At this moment, Xu Tui had already noticed the escaping Yin Liu. However, he had no choice. He could not stop him. Only a Planetary realm powerhouse could stop a Planetary realm powerhouse. As for a technological armament like the Hunter, it would be a balloon if it stopped it.

Yin Ba’s shout was not loud, but it was like a thunderclap. It shocked the four quasi-planets of the Mechanical Spirit Race who were still fighting. They were stunned! Elder Yin Liu actually abandoned them and fled. He did not even give a warning.

What should they do?

What should they do?

Just a second ago, they had wanted to do their best to display their combat strength in front of Yin San and Yin Liu. They were eager to make a contribution.

Now, Elder Yin San was gone, and Elder Yin Liu suddenly fled. Of course, they were not stupid! In an instant, they made the same decision as Yin Liu—escape!

The problem was that Yin Liu had seen the opportunity early and had strength. But what about them?

“Stop them. If you let another one go…!”

Xu Tui did not say the rest of the sentence, but Yin Ba and Lavis could already tell that Xu Tui was warning them. If one of these quasi-planets escape, the two of them might face punishment!

At the same time, Xu Tui struck out with his mental hammer. He first alleviated the predicament of Yin Liulong, who had fought the most fiercely.

Yin Liulong had fought a quasi-planet with his strength at the peak of the Transmutation Realm. The battle situation could be said to be tragic. In just a minute or two, about 10% of his limbs had disappeared. He was really risking his life.

The quasi-planetary expert became obedient after Xu Tui hit him with his normal mental hammer.

Xu Tui did not have to participate in the rest of the battle.

Yin Ba and Lavis went all out. Together with the others, it was too easy to deal with four quasi-planets who had lost their will to fight.

Whether it was Yin Ba or Lavis, they were not as strong as planetary powerhouses, but they were much stronger than ordinary quasi-planetary powerhouses.

With them around, the four quasi-planets could not escape even if they wanted to.

Yin Ba was also a smart person..