Chapter 1125 - 1125: Small God Slaying Sword (1)

Chapter 1125: Small God Slaying Sword (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the flagship, Xu Tui was studying the star map with Ah Huang and An

Xiaoxue during his cultivation time. Some of the star maps were obtained from the Mechanical Spirit Race, while others were drawn by Xu Tui and the others during their recent voyages.

On the star map, Xu Tui drew a few curves with his finger and pointed out a few points.

“Ah Huang, according to the trajectory of our departure from the Manut asteroid to Tower Asteroid, then from Tower Asteroid to Planet Spirit, and now Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea, our trajectory should have formed a semicircle after we left the Manut asteroid.

“Based on the analysis of this semicircle, the few days since we arrived at the Terry meteorite belt from the Planet Spiritual Sea is most likely the closest to the Manut asteroid. You’d better strengthen the signal search and try to contact the principal and the others in a short period of time,” Xu Tui said.

“If we strengthen the signal, the signal might also be captured by the Spiritual Race, the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and other races. It would be easier to be exposed,” Ah Huang said.

“It doesn’t matter if it increases the risk of being exposed. The most important thing is to contact the Huaxia Sector. Based on the current situation, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s control over Planet Spirit, Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea will be greatly reduced because of the loss of Planetary realm powerhouses.

“These two resource planets are both precious resource planets with Origin Crystal mines. Letting the Huaxia Sector occupy and develop them is the best choice.”

Even though he was wandering in space, Xu Tui was still worried about the Blue Star and the Huaxia Sector.

“I will.”

Ah Huang, who was standing on Xu Tui’s left, had a flash in her eyes. Just yesterday, she had captured a very familiar signal, but there was no response.

Ah Huang did not know why, but it felt uncomfortable. Now that Xu Tui was asking, Ah Huang was a little nervous. Fortunately, Xu Tui only gave a few instructions and did not ask further. Otherwise, Ah Huang would not have dared to hide it from Xu Tui.

“Have you come up with a plan for the meteorite storm that will appear in the Terry meteorite belt?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s done. I’ll control and use a few aerial Hunter fighter jets to pave the way.

Even if the most violent meteorite storm appears, I can pass through it without any damage. If there are no accidents,” Ah Huang said.

“Alright, I’ll leave it to you to control.”

He had gained a lot from this trip. When they set off, the fleet was eight Hunter disc-shaped fighter jets. But now, it had become eighteen and was expanding rapidly. They had seized eight fighter jets on Planet Spiritual Cabin. With Ah Huang around, it was very easy to rewrite the control program.

On Planet Spiritual Sea, because of the damage caused by the battle, they did not obtain many fighter jets. There were only two.

Unfortunately, the Hunter disc-shaped fighter jet was relatively small. Even though it contained some resources, it was very limited. @@novelbin@@

The fleet was handed over to Ah Huang to control. It was easy and safe. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue began to dual cultivate again. However, on the way back, because Ah Huang had arrived at the flagship, the two of them could only truly dual cultivate. They could not do their favorite dual cultivation.

Just as he was about to start cultivating, a powerful energy fluctuation suddenly rose from the fleet behind him. Xu Tui could sense it even if it was not within the range of his mental perception.

An Xiaoxue’s expression changed. She immediately started to put on her combat uniform, but she was stopped by Xu Tui, who was hugging her slender waist from behind.

“It’s fine.”

“This is the energy fluctuation of a quasi-planet. I’m afraid…’

“The aura is very familiar. Yin Liulong must have broken through.”

An Xiaoxue was slightly stunned. She relaxed. There was another quasi-planetary expert in the team.

Soon, Yin Liulong’s voice came from the public communication channel. “Sir,

I’ve broken through. I’ve broken through to the quasi-planetary realm.”

“That’s right. Continue cultivating. That Planetary realm energy core should be able to increase your strength by another level,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, Sir, don’t worry. After I cultivate, I should have the combat strength of a mid -stage quasi-planet. ”

“I look forward to your performance in the future war.”

In the corner of the public channel, Yin Ba looked depressed and regretful. If he performed better, this Planetary realm energy core should be his. His strength would definitely be able to greatly recover.

Unfortunately, now…

At the same time, Yin Erping and Yin Liujian, who had just surrendered and were riding two fighter jets, were deep in thought as they listened to Yin Liulong’s good news. This was especially so after they had experienced the scene of Xu Tui rewarding them with contribution a few days ago.

The new owner that they had surrendered seemed to be very clear about rewards and punishments. Even a lowly guy like Yin Liulong could be rewarded and break through to become a quasi-planet like them. Surrender seemed to be a good choice.

Was this the reason why Lord Yin Ba chose to surrender?

In the flagship, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had just ended their dual cultivation.

Due to Xu Tui’s request, An Xiaoxue did not squeeze Xu Tui dry today.

Don’t misunderstand. An Xiaoxue did not squeeze Xu Tui’s mind power to the point of the warning line. So he only managed to construct five internal circulation channels before it stopped.

Over the past two months, Xu Tui’s mind power had increased by more than 60% because he had been constantly building the 72 -point Great Genetic Ability chain. It would not be a problem to double it in the near future.

Under the huge increase in mind power, his cultivation speed was faster and his cultivation efficiency was higher.

It was the same for An Xiaoxue.

However, other than having to build an internal circulation within the

72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain every day, Xu Tui had already set a requirement for himself. He also had to build an internal circulation within the

Vajra Set every day..