Chapter 1121 - Chapter 1121: Impossible Possibility (2)

Chapter 1121: Impossible Possibility (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I dare to surrender. Do you dare to accept it?” Xu Tui glanced in Yanzi’s direction. In the next moment, Yin San was instantly stunned.

“Yanzi, Lang Ju, you guys?”

This time, Yin San’s expression instantly changed. Since Yanzi and Lang Ju had appeared here, there was no possibility of asking them to surrender. Even if Yanzi wanted to surrender, they did not dare to accept it.

“Kill!

Yin San’s furious roar represented the start of the war.

A few flying swords began to circle behind Xu Tui at the same time. Xu Tui instantly accelerated and charged toward Yin San.

Yin San was very surprised.

Xu Tui, who was only at the Transmutation Realm, actually dared to charge at him. His courage was commendable. However, Yin San had seen too many warriors tempting fate like this. They were overestimating themselves!

This was especially so after Yin Bats gaze just now. Yin San realized something. He had to kill Xu Tui immediately. Perhaps there would be a chance for Yin Ba to turn the situation around.

Five thousand meters!

Three thousand meters!

The moment Yin San appeared within a 3,000-meter radius of Xu Tui, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind instantly shone with red light. The mental hammer suddenly expanded.

However, Xu Tui did not throw it out immediately. Instead, he first used his fastest speed to sense Yin San’s original quantum life frequency. He had to sense the original quantum life frequency of Yin San and instantiate it to maximize the power of the enhanced mental hammer.

Xu Tui had already sensed and instantiated the original quantum life frequency of countless members of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Now, he was already sensing the original quantum life frequency of the Mechanical Spirit Race very quickly.

However, he still needed an instant.

This instant was enough for Yin San to bombard Xu Tui from afar.

Several energy pillars instantly blasted toward Xu Tui. This was an energy attack controlled by a planetary powerhouse. It basically had its own target. He could not avoid it. He could only take it head-on.

The Vajra Barrier lit up.

The first Vajra Barrier was instantly destroyed, but the second one instantly rose. In just an instant, the Vajra Barrier was destroyed four times. The last layer ofVajra Barrier rose but did not shatter.

It was not that Yin San had stopped attacking. On the contrary, Yin San’s attacks had been endless from the beginning.

Instead, the moment the fourth Vajra Barrier rose, Xu Tui had already completed the instantiation of Yin San’s original quantum life frequency. A mental hammer that had been enhanced slammed into Yin San’s head.

Yin San swayed violently. All the energy attacks were interrupted, and Xu Tui was saved.

Around him, Yanzi, Yin Ba, and Lavis, who were observing the situation on Xu Tui’s side, heaved a sigh of relief.

Xu Tui was more powerful than they had imagined. It was already very impressive that he could withstand the full-powered attack of a planetary powerhouse. They could still fight this battle! If Xu Tui could not even withstand one attack, Yanzi and the others would have to consider escaping.

Lavis was constantly paying attention to the situation on Xu Tui’s side. He was extremely anxious.

Lavis thought that his dear master, Xu Tui, was closest to death. If Xu Tui died, he would be completely free. Due to his distraction, his cooperauon Witn Yin ba was not as cacu as Derore. me was at a cusauvancage m the battle with Yin Liu. Xu Tui naturally sensed the constant attention from Yanzi, Yin Ba, Lavis, and Lang Ju. He understood why they were paying attention to his battle.

The passive perception of the spiritual resonance could bring Xu Tui very useful information.

However, Xu Tui did not have the time to care about these things at this moment. He could not rely on others. Xu Tui liked to rely on himself the most. The moment the mental hammer smashed down, the three flying swords that Xu Tui had prepared earlier blasted toward Yin San.

One silver flying sword and two multidimensional flying swords. In an instant, the three flying swords hit Yin San at the same time. Multiple attacks erupted at the same time. The effect was not as powerful as Xu Tui had imagined.

The silver flying sword that was the main attacker was stuck in Yin San’s armor. On the other hand, the multi-dimensional flying sword smashed Yin San to the ground. The other sword froze Yin San into a large lump.

However, in just an instant, with a crack, Yin San broke out of the ice.

From all directions, the Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula blasted towards Yin San like rain.

Yin San, who had fallen to the ground, turned into a wheel and continuously shattered all of Xu Tui’s attacks. He laughed as he blasted.

“Your defense is not bad, and your mental attack is alright. However, your attack power is a little lacking!” Yin San laughed.

Looking at the battle situation, Yin San’s confidence increased greatly. They would definitely win this battle. As long as he killed Xu Tui, he would definitely win this battle. In an instant, Yin San soared into the sky again and launched a continuous attack on Xu Tui.

Xu Tui frowned. A Planetary realm powerhouse was stronger than he had imagined. His flying sword and earth spikes could only pierce through armor and not cause too effective damage.

Xu Tui was not afraid at all when he saw Yin San charging toward him. He used the mental hammer, the Earth Spike, the Mountain Formula, the multidimensional flying sword, and the energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state one after another. He even teleported the Earth Spike into Yin San’s energy shield.

It could indeed harm Yin San, but it could not cause any effective damage.

Yin San was furious after being continuously injured by Xu Tui. He, a Planetary realm, was actually continuously injured by a Transmutation Realm. It was really a humiliation!

“Trash from the Blue Star, die!” Yin San shouted angrily. His hands turned into long-range arms again.

However, the moment it turned into long-range energy arms, Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. Water Explosion and Energy Teleportation were activated. It directly sent the Water Explosion Technique to the joint between the energy arms and its body.

Explode!

It exploded one after another. Although it did not severely injure Yin San, it interrupted his attacks.

At this point, Xu Tui basically understood that with his current strength, he could barely fight a planetary realm powerhouse in terms of attack and defense. However, it was impossible for him to fight a planetary realm powerhouse head-on.

He could only restrain the Planetary realm powerhouses from the side. @@novelbin@@

In that case, he could only use other methods to kill this fellow. He had to win this battle! He activated his mind power and landed on the red fire slip again. At the same time, a illusory character given by Old Cai appeared in his hand.

Xu Tui was prepared to use the red fire slip to enhance his strength and shake Yin San’s mental body. Then, he would use Old Cai’s Illusion Character to temporarily trap Yin San. The time he bought would be used to blast out the three-phase thermal bomb.

After restraining Yin San, he used the three-phase thermal bomb to bombard Xu Tui’s battle plan was just that simple, violent, and direct. However, just as Xu Tui’s mind power entered the red fire slip and he was about to activate the red fire slip to enhance the mental hammer, he suddenly saw the small sword on the back of the red fire slip.

This sword was engraved on the red fire slip after it absorbed that sword jade slip at the Fuqiang asteroid.

Xu Tui had thought that it would be useless. However, when he was purifying the silver box previously, all the negative emotions and chaotic memories in the silver box had been absorbed by the small sword.

After the previous wave of purification, Xu Tui sensed that the small sword was about to be full.

As Xu Tui’s strength continued to increase, his control and perception of the red fire slip became stronger.

Xu Tui could vaguely sense the small sword. He suddenly had an idea when his mind power touched the red fire slip.

What was this sword for?

In the next moment, the red light in the red fire slip shone brightly. The enhanced mental hammer struck Yin San’s head again.

Yin San’s mental body shook. In the next moment, a multicolored sword light with a dark color instantly flew out from behind Xu Tui’s head.

It slashed into Yin San’s trembling mental body at lightning speed. The moment it slashed in, the aura of Yin San’s mental body completely disappeared in Xu Tui’s mental perception.

Yin San’s huge alloy body suddenly lost control. It fell to the ground freely like a salted fish.

Yin San was dead!

Xu Tui was stunned. Was the small sword on the back of the red fire slip that strong?

However, Xu Tui was not the only one who was stunned. There were also Yanzi, Lang Ju, Yin Ba, and Lavis, who had been observing Xu Tui.

Almost at the same time that they noticed that Yin San’s aura had disappeared, Yanzi, Lang Ju, Yin Ba, and Lavis were stunned.

Their first reaction was that it was impossible!

How was that possible!