Chapter 1124 - 1124: Terry Meteorite Belt

Chapter 1124: Terry Meteorite Belt

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

‘What? You’re leaving so soon?”

The team that had returned from searching for Origin Crystals was a little surprised when they heard Xu Tui’s decision.

They had just won a huge victory. In the future, they could kill the planetary experts that came to reinforce Planet Spiritual Sea. They should plunder Planet Spiritual Sea. They could also make plans for the aboriginal lives on Planet Spiritual Sea.

Why was he leaving so suddenly?

Not to mention anything else, the production of the five Origin Crystal mines on the Planet Spiritual Sea was quite high. It was more than 200 grams of Origin Crystals a day.

Staying for half a month was equivalent to several kilograms of Origin Crystals.

“With the current information and tracking, I can’t determine the movements of the escaping Yin Liu,” Xu Tui explained. This was not wartime. It did not matter if it was democratic.

Wen Shao frowned slightly. “But Commander, Yin Liu is already frightened, right? He still dares to come?”

Recently, be it Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, or others, they had become used to calling Xu Tui Commander. No one treated Xu Tui as a former student anymore.

“Mr. Wen, what would you do if Yin Liu came back and used guerrilla tactics to ambush you?” Xu Tui asked.

In an instant, the cold sweat on Wen Shao’s forehead fell. If what Xu Tui said was true and Yin Liu had ambushed him, he would definitely die.

Wen Shao was not the only one. Everyone was shocked. If Yin Liu sneaked back and attacked, other than Yin Ba and Lavis, everyone else would probably be killed in one strike.

That was a Planetary realm powerhouse.

“No matter what, Yin Liu is a powerful Planetary realm powerhouse. We must not underestimate him. Focusing our strength is our advantage. In addition, the next wave of reinforcements from the enemy might arrive on Planet Spiritual Sea at any time! According to the information we knew, there were not many top-notch forces of the Mechanical Spirit Race left. There were not many who could rush over quickly.

“But what if? What if the Mechanical Spirit Race still had a power that we did not know about? It was just like how there was only one Planetary realm powerhouse from the Mechanical Spirit Race who was expected to come to Planet Spiritual Sea this time, but there were actually two of them.

“Guerrilla warfare is our current goal.”

Xu Tui had already said so much, so no one objected. Actually, only their own people could express their opinions. As for the others, such as Yin Ba, Lavis, and the others, they could only listen to orders.

It was worth mentioning that the spiritual chamber had already been opened.

Xu Tui had received a total of eighteen silver boxes from the spiritual chamber. The silver boxes in the Planet Spiritual Sea’s Spiritual Cultivation Center were almost full. No wonder the Mechanical Spirit Race took it so seriously.

However, Xu Tui did not destroy the Spiritual Cultivation Center.

Xu Tui did not mind harvesting another wave if the Mechanical Spirit Race continued to occupy this place.

Xu Tui did not do any damage to all the resource bases on Planet Spiritual Sea and Planet Spiritual Cabin. In any case, destruction was useless. If it continued to circulate, he might be able to harvest a wave at some point.

Similarly, the five Origin Crystal mines on the Planet Spiritual Sea also contributed a large number of Origin Crystals to Xu Tui. The resources on Planet Spiritual Sea seemed to have just accumulated to a certain extent. They had not been transported away yet. Xu Tui had benefited from all of them.

Xu Tui had obtained a total of 6,000 grams of Origin Crystals from the five Origin Crystal mines. From start to finish, Xu Tui had obtained a total of 27,000 grams of Origin Crystals, be it from the warehouse or the war.

He had made a fortune.

An hour later, after a basic rest, the fleet set off again.

Target—Terry meteorite belt.

Before he set off, Xu Tui distributed 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals to everyone who participated in the battle as a reward. Of course, Yin Ba, Lavis, and the two captives that had just been subdued, Yin Sanping and Yin Liujian, were either halved or did not receive any.

Firstly, he had to be clear about the rewards and punishments. Secondly, he had to control the strength of these guys.

Xu Tui knew some things very well. However, he believed that it would not be long before he could use his strength to intimidate these guys. He would not rely on restrictions.

The reason why their destination was the Terry meteorite belt was very simple.

Ah Huang had searched Mechanical Spirit Race’s control center for the meteorite ashes that he had discovered in the warehouse of Planet Spiritual Sea.

A few years ago, Commander Yin Erchu of Planet Spiritual Sea was so bored that he would bring the fleet out for a walk from time to time. This was also his mission. He had to discover and search the surrounding valuable celestial bodies and eliminate any danger.

They had brought back the box of meteorite ashes after searching for the Terry meteorite belt.

The Terry meteorite belt was not marked on the previous star map. It was just the Mechanical Spirit Race’s own name. It could be considered an internal map.

If they used the Hunters to fly, they would only be six days away from Planet Spiritual Sea. It was a large meteorite belt and could be considered a relatively dangerous district.

The data records showed that a few years ago, the commander of Planet Spiritual Sea, Yin Erchu, went to explore that area. The gravitational field of the meteorite belt was intertwined. From time to time, celestial bodies would collide, triggering all kinds of storms. It was extremely chaotic.

Yin Erchu explored the area and indeed brought back a lot of things. However, they were not of much use. After exploring the area, he lost two Hunter fighter jets.

They were all destroyed by the chaotic meteorite. Even two Transmutation Realm and four Evolution Realm fighter pilots died under the impact of the meteorite.

This made Yin Erchu a little angry. After that trip, he did not explore it again.

However, even though it was very dangerous, Xu Tui still wanted to go and take a look. According to Yanzi, there was a high chance that there were Purple Star Crystals where there was meteorite ashes.

Especially the meteorite belt!

This was related to the source of the two.

Some celestial bodies might disintegrate or explode or be destroyed, producing meteorite ashes and Purple Star Crystals. However, another product of the disintegration or explosion of these celestial bodies might be the meteorite belt.

Under such circumstances, they highly suspected that the Terry meteorite belt had Purple Star Crystals.

Once he found the Purple Star Crystal, Xu Tui could get Yanzi to start making the quantum jade core. Once the quantum jade core was completed, Xu Tui could try to make the quantum array core.

Even though it was very difficult, Xu Tui, who had the mind power sand box, was very confident. If he could not do it once, he would fail ten or a hundred times.

Not long after Xu Tui and the others left Planet Spiritual Sea, Yin Liu, who had fled just now, silently appeared from another direction. He restrained all his aura and slowly approached the main base of the Mechanical Spirit Race on Planet Spiritual Sea.

As a Planetary realm powerhouse, it had been a long time since Yin Liu had been so wretched. However, Yin Liu, who had climbed up from the bottom, was not unfamiliar with wretchedness. However, ten minutes later, Yin Liu froze.

It was empty.

There was no one!

Seeing that there was no one, Yin Liu still did not dare to rush into the base. He was afraid that it was a trap!

Yin Liu was not afraid of a one-on-one battle. Yin Liu was afraid of being surrounded and Xu Tui’s small sword. Another 15 minutes later, after all kinds of probing and surrounding investigation, Yin Liu finally discovered a fact. It was not a trap.

Yin Liu rushed back to the base immediately and used his authority to enter the Control Center. He was stunned when he saw the surveillance cameras and records.

Xu Tui and the others had left six hours ago.

They actually left!

Yin Liu still wanted to disregard the dignity of a planetary realm powerhouse and silently ambush Xu Tui and the others. Besides, how could there be dignity between life and death?

But he did not expect them to leave.

A few minutes later, Yin Liu hugged the last bit of hope and hit the Spiritual Cultivation Center, but the spiritual chamber was empty.

Yin Liu sat in the command center with a dark expression. This matter was not easy to explain. He was the only one who survived. Then, the silver boxes in the spiritual chamber disappeared. @@novelbin@@

Although he had the data from the Control Center as evidence, it was also more troublesome to explain. Most importantly, he could not tell them the truth during the war. This was especially so for the fact that he had been scared away by Xu Tui’s killing of Yin San. He had to make it up.

A while later, Yin Liu gathered a portion of the surviving Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits. After collecting information and checking, he realized that the Origin Crystals and Origin Crystal mines had been completely looted.

However, it was not damaged at all! It would be easier for him to explain to Yin Er and the others if he destroyed it. But now, it was difficult for him.

Just as Yin Liu was racking his brains to deal with the aftermath and round up the problem, a warning signal suddenly sounded in the monitoring room of a meteorite that was millions of kilometers away.

The alarm made an adult man in the monitoring room suddenly sit up straight. A minute later, he noticed the alarm.

“Commander, we have discovered a fleet of unknown origins advancing towards us. If we do not correct the course, it is estimated that they will arrive in a day. Level 1 warning triggered. Requesting the base to deal with it in advance.”

A few seconds later, a string of characters appeared on the screen of the surveillance room inside the meteorite.

“A warning has been received. The base has entered a Level 1 alert state. The backup meteorite has been mobilized. Please monitor the fleet’s movements at all times and prepare for the meteorite rain. Adjust the location to avoid being affected.”

“The forward base has received orders. Understood.”

The man who received the order slowly sat up straight. “Finally, I don’t have to be so bored..”