Chapter 1126 - 1126: Small God Slaying Sword (2)

Chapter 1126: Small God Slaying Sword (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In his previous battle with Yin San, the Vajra Set’s performance was extremely eye-catching.

Xu Tui was prepared to continue strengthening it.

Previously, he could construct six a day, and An Xiaoxue could construct five internal channels. Now, the internal channels that the two of them could construct a day had increased to seven to eight. An Xiaoxue has also increased to six to seven.

This was even when Xu Tui had to maintain 50% of his mind power to prepare for battle.

The reason why he kept his mind power today was that Xu Tui wanted to study the small sword in the red fire slip. In reality, Xu Tui had been studying the small sword engraved on the back of the red fire slip ever since he came out of Planet Spiritual Sea.

Xu Tui temporarily named this small sword the God Slaying Sword.

Yes, it was a domineering name. It specialized in killing mental bodies.

Yin San’s body was intact, but his mental body dissipated under the sword. So the sword’s name was God Slaying. After slashing out the God Slaying Sword on the Planet Spiritual Sea, the small sword became weak. It was a little like a man who had overdrawn his strength and could not slash out.

Xu Tui understood the reason. It had no more energy. The source of energy that could replenish the small sword was the various negative energies and chaotic memories that Xu Tui had obtained when he purified the silver box.

Xu Tui had a silver box in his hand. He could replenish it now. But he was not in a hurry to replenish its energy. Instead, he was trying to see if there were any other ways to replenish its energy.

The silver box was too limited.

This time, he could only obtain twenty-nine silver boxes after he looted two planets of the Mechanical Spirit Race. In terms of quantity, he could only replenish the consumption of the God Slaying Sword twice.

If all the silver boxes were purified, the God Slaying Sword would become trash again.

The first thing Xu Tui chose was naturally the Origin Energy in the Origin Crystal. After trying many times, Xu Tui realized that he could not add anything. Origin Crystals in any energy-type Origin Crystal, be it natural or condensed after the death of an expert, were not enough.

However, the mind power in the mind power Origin Crystal could replenish it.

This was a surprise discovery.

Soon, Xu Tui slapped himself. Why did he not try to use his mind power to replenish the consumption of the God Slaying Sword? The result of his attempt was that he could!

However, the quantity was shocking.

Xu Tui did not know how powerful the mind power of the current planetary realm powerhouse of the Supernatural Branch was, but he believed that his mind power was definitely similar to the mind power of an ordinary quasi-planetary powerhouse of the Supernatural Branch.

He was even a little stronger than them.

This could be seen from the fact that the mental hammer could hammer them.

However, when Xu Tui continuously used his mind power to replenish the God Slaying Sword, he came to a conclusion based on the recovery speed of the dim God Slaying Sword.

At the peak of his current mind power, he needed to fill in three of his mind power to return the God Slaying Sword to its previous state of instantly killing Yin San.

However, would the God Slaying Sword that was directly replenished with his mind power still have the power to kill the mental body of a Planetary realm powerhouse like Yin San?

Xu Tui doubted this. @@novelbin@@

This was because the God Slaying Sword had mainly absorbed power that was very harmful to the mental body, such as the chaotic memories and negative emotions.

Comparatively, Xu Tui’s mind power was slightly inferior to these in terms of damage to his mental body.

Unfortunately, he could not try this thing casually. He could not find anyone to slash with. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have wanted to try it out.

With one strike, his mental body would dissipate and he would die. In the past, he could still test the power of the mental hammer on An Xiaoxue. Now, Xu Tui did not dare to test the sword on An Xiaoxue even if he had ten guts.

If he really tried, the great sword would cry!

However, Xu Tui still thought of other research methods.

Xu Tui had sensed something unusual about the God Slaying Sword when he used it that day.

After all, it was related to mind power. Xu Tui had been using the mental hammer and the Mental Vibrating Whip over the years. He was extremely familiar with the method of mental attacks.

After using his mind power to fill 80% of the God Slaying Sword, he purified four more silver boxes. After absorbing the negative emotions inside, the God Slaying Sword lit up again.

As for the purified silver box, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue absorbed two each.

Last time, he had wanted to increase the overall strength of the entire team. Xu Tui planned to keep a few of the silver boxes as rewards to increase the strength of the other members. He would absorb the rest with An Xiaoxue and increase his strength first.

He slowly probed it with his mind power. The God Slaying Sword emitted an inexplicable shuddering aura.

Xu Tui was a little restless. However, it was too wasteful to throw it out like this. Including the time it took to replenish his mind power, Xu Tui took almost six days to complete it.

Xu Tui’s mind power continuously entered the red fire slip. He wanted to understand and study the God Slaying Sword from all angles. He tried to study it in various ways for half a day. As expected, he managed to figure out something.

This God Slaying Sword could control the power through the guidance of mind power.

Under such circumstances, it was no longer like when he killed Yin San previously. With a slash, the entire God Slaying Sword would be completely useless. He still had to spend five to six days accumulating the power.

Under the circumstances of controlling the power, Xu Tui could only unleash 5% of the power of the God Slaying Sword.

In theory, this progress was useless.

However, it was very useful for Xu Tui’s research.

Xu Tui could continuously slash out the God Slaying Sword and study the mystery of the God Slaying Sword. Under the control of mind power subdivision, Xu Tui could only activate 1% of the power of the God Slaying Sword.

More importantly, the God Slaying Sword was within Xu Tui’s tolerance when he slashed out with a small amount of power.

Then, Xu Tui did something very despicable. He slashed at himself.

He used the God Slaying Sword to slash at himself.

With every strike, Xu Tui was experiencing the situation when the God Slaying Sword was slashed out. Then, Xu Tui used his mental perception, microscopic perception, and the School of General Senses’s method of sensing the original quantum frequency to sense the God Slaying Sword.

Actually, Xu Tui already understood the true power of the School of General Senses.

The cultivation method of the School of General Senses was actually to directly search for an extremely high -level research method.

However, the requirements were too high and it was too difficult to get started. Even if he sensed it, he might not be able to achieve anything.

This was the reason why the School of General Senses had declined. However, on the current Xu Tui, the School of General Senses’ method of sensing the original quantum frequency was a super sharp weapon for research.

Xu Tui had basically figured out the secret of the God Slaying Sword after slashing himself more than 50 times.

From a microscopic perspective, it was a strange frequency. The strange arrangement of mind power caused damage similar to a nuclear explosion.

From a metaphysical point of view, the God Slaying Sword injured the origin of the mental body.

That sounded a little convincing.

Specifically, it was a little like the current popular immunity treatment for cancer. The God Slaying Sword found a few universal immunity targets, which was to say, a few universal characteristics of the mental body.

Any mental body has these characteristics.

The damage of the God Slaying Sword was targeted at these characteristics of all mental bodies.

In terms of frequency, all the mental bodies, be it the Great Xi Clan, the Spiritual Race, the Blue Star Humans, or the Mechanical Spirit Race, had a few basic frequencies that they had to have, just like the original quantum frequency.

Then, the God Slaying Sword aimed mental attacks at these frequencies.

Xu Tui had only basically understood the characteristics. However, he still did not understand the key points of the mental body. That required a long period of research before he could completely understand it.

However, this did not prevent Xu Tui from simulating it.

Yes, it did not matter if he could not understand it for the time being. However, he could directly simulate the God Slaying Sword.

Of course, the simulation was also very difficult. It was not easy to succeed. Then, Xu Tui simulated it about 200 times in the mind power sand box. He directly used his mind power to build a small mind power sword.

In the flagship, two small swords that were emitting shuddering power fluctuations were floating in front of Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

One of them was mainly silver, mixed with black, gray, dark blue, brown, and many other colors. This was the God Slaying Sword. The other one was pure silver, but it was densely covered in mysterious patterns.

The reason why it was silver was that Xu Tui’s mental body was silver.

In the next moment, the small silver sword instantly moved. Silver light flashed and shattered the God Slaying Sword.

An Xiaoxue’s eyes lit up.

“The one you made yourself is even more powerful than the original?”

“No.” Xu Tui smiled bitterly. “I used nearly 20% of my mind power to create the God Slaying Sword myself. This original God Slaying Sword only used 1% of its power.”

The name of the sword was—Small God Slaying Sword!