Chapter 1123 - 1123: Great Victory And Reward (2)

Chapter 1123: Great Victory and Reward (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations @@novelbin@@

Among the higher-ups of the Mechanical Spirit Race, other than the steady and mellow Elder Yin Er, the resourceful Yin Liu, he was actually the smartest. He had been chosen to be promoted to be Elder Yin Ba sixteen years ago because he was smart.

At this moment, the smart Yin Ba had already realized that something was wrong from Xu Tui’s warning just now.

Xu Tui, the new owner, was already dissatisfied with him, especially Xu Tui, who had displayed very powerful combat strength.

Yin Ba felt that he had to do something!

Although Yin Liu had fled just now and Lavis had slacked off, Lavis was an old man after all. He, Yin Ba, could not compare. After a round of brainstorming, Yin Ba suddenly roared, “You guys are so stubborn. Do you have to resist to the end? Can’t you surrender? Yin Liu had already abandoned you and ran away. Why are you still resisting?” In the end, Yin Ba added, “Look, wasn’t I fine after I surrendered as a Planetary realm elder?”

This sentence could be considered Yin Ba’s explanation. It could be considered to have defeated the last psychological defense of the quasi-planetary realm powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race who were still resisting.

‘We surrender!”

“We surrender!”

The two quasi-planets surrendered on the spot.

As for the other two quasi-planets, because their reactions were slower and their thoughts were more focused, even their energy cores had been taken out.

The battle was over!

Everyone’s faces were filled with indescribable joy. Or rather, it was a surprise. Originally, this was a battle in a desperate situation. When the battle began, everyone only had one word in their hearts: fight to the death.

At the same time, they had a feeling that someone would disappear today.

There was a high chance that comrades would die in this battle. However, no one expected Xu Tui to trigger a chain reaction after he killed Yin San with one strike. Yin Six escaped and they won on the spot.

Not only did they win, but they also obtained two quasi-planetary captives.

Are you surprised?

Xu Tui was pleasantly surprised.

The small sword that was branded on the red fire slip after absorbing the underground base’s sword-shaped jade slip last time actually had this ability. After accumulating energy, it could kill a Planetary realm powerhouse with one strike?

It was too powerful!

Moreover, that strike made Xu Tui vaguely sense an indescribable Sword Dao. So swords could be used like this.

That strike was extremely fast. It seemed to be related to quantum entanglement.

At this moment, Xu Tui was examining Yin San’s corpse.

Yin San’s energy core was intact, but the mental aura in the energy core had been completely used up. There was nothing left. In other words, the sword just now had actually erased Yin San’s mental body.

This was a mental attack that was even stronger than Xu Tui’s mental hammer. During the process of activating the sword just now, Xu Tui felt that he had touched something, but it was very blurry.

However, Xu Tui was not worried. He might be able to completely understand the mystery of the small sword after a few more strikes. Although the energy in the small sword had been completely exhausted, Xu Tui still had the silver box in his hand. Purifying the silver box would replenish the energy in the small sword.

“Alright, bring the captives over.” He casually dealt with Yin San’s corpse. There was a hollow space like a backpack inside Yin San’s corpse.

Xu Tui found more than 8,000 grams of Origin Crystals and some other items.

It could be considered a gain.

There were not many Planetary realm powerhouses in the Mechanical Spirit

Race who had more than 8,000 grams of Origin Crystals, especially since Yin San was still in power. He was the second-in-command in the Mechanical Spirit Race. In that case, he was a poor person.

However, this was normal. Most people would not bring a large number of Origin Crystals with them unless they had a quantum dimensional chain like Xu Tui.

In that case, the richest person in the Mechanical Spirit Race was Yin Er?

There were only 3,000 grams of Origin Crystals found on the corpses of the two quasi-planetary experts.

“Report your name.” Xu Tui looked at the two quasi-planetary realm captives of the Mechanical Spirit Race who were kneeling on the ground and said softly.

The two captives were already scared out of their wits by Xu Tui. How could they dare to disrespect an existence who had instantly killed Elder Yin San? Actually, it was not just these two captives. Even Yin Ba, Lavis, Yanzi and Lang Ju looked at Xu Tui differently. Their attitudes were also different.

A regiment commander who could instantly kill a Planetary realm powerhouse with one strike had to be respected and valued no matter where this ability came from.

“I am Yin Sanping. I am Yin Liujian. Greetings, Sir.”

“Since you’ve surrendered, you have to have the attitude of surrendering. Hand over all your belongings and release the energy core. I want to install the Silver Ring. ”

Xu Tui had brought a lot of the silver rings when he came out. He had considered the possibility of captivity.

Yin Sanping and Yin Liujian had helpless expressions. Over the years, they had helped countless Spiritual Race species to put on silver rings. They did not expect that one day, the silver rings would land on them.

Even though they had no choice, they could only obediently hand over everything and release the energy core.

The two of them had also contributed nearly 3,000 grams of Origin Crystals to Xu Tui. They were not very rich, and there were also some miscellaneous items.

“Since you’ve surrendered, work hard in peace. You’ll understand after you follow me for a long time. As long as you work hard, you’ll benefit greatly.”

After he was done installing the silver rings, Xu Tui casually consoled them. He weighed the planetary realm energy core that he had just obtained in his hand. There was still one that was intact, and the other was only half a quasi-planetary realm energy core.

His gaze then landed on Yin Ba, Lavis, and Yin Liulong.

Yin Ba’s gaze immediately became fervent when he saw Xu Tui’s expression.

Although his cultivation had dropped mainly because his mental body had been damaged, Yin San’s planetary realm energy core could also allow him to recover his strength to a certain extent. Even if he could not recover to the planetary realm, it would not be a problem for him to reach the peak of the quasi-planetary realm.

As long as his cultivation reached the peak of the quasi-planetary realm, he would have the combat strength to withstand a planetary realm.

Yin Ba felt that Xu Tui would definitely reward him with this planetary realm energy core.

At the side, Yin Liulong looked at Yin Ba, then at Xu Tui. His expression was a little dejected. It was impossible to fight with Elder Yin Ba for the Planetary realm energy core. The Planetary realm energy core could only belong to Elder Yin Ba, regardless of status or strength.

Just as Yin Liulong was feeling dejected, Xu Tui suddenly walked in front of him. “Yin Liulong, you fought bravely today. You single-handedly fought a quasi-planetary expert and performed exceptionally. I’ll reward you with this Planetary realm energy core. I hope it can help you break through to the quasi-planetary realm as soon as possible!”

“Sir… I… I…” Yin Liulong was instantly so excited that he was incoherent. He was so surprised that he could not control himself. It was unimaginable! I… I will definitely die for you!”

“Hurry up and break through later. Yin San’s corpse is also yours to use.

Improve as soon as possible!”

“Thank you for your reward, Sir!” Yin Liulong ran and bowed excitedly.

At the side, Yin Ba was stunned. It was not him. He did not reward him! He actually felt resentment in his heart.

Just as he was feeling resentful, Xu Tui’s cold gaze stared at him. Yin Ba was suddenly shocked.

“Yin Ba, this is the last time. If you dare to have any nonsense thoughts in the next battle, even if you recover to the Planetary realm, I will kill you immediately and nurture another planetary realm!”

Xu Tui’s cold gaze instantly reminded Yin Ba of the small sword that had killed Yin San.

He quickly nodded.

“Only by making a contribution will you be rewarded! What do you think of your performance today? If you had not recruited these two guys in the end, I would have wanted to kill you just now.”

Xu Tui’s words immediately made Yin Ba break out in a cold sweat. His thoughts could not be hidden from Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s gaze swept past Lavis. He instantly broke out in a cold sweat. He was a little afraid. It seemed that he had hoped that his dear Xu would die in battle just now.

“Those who are injured, recuperate. Those who are not injured, continue your previous mission. Be vigilant and be wary of Yin Liu turning around! Ah Huang, turn the remote sensing device to its maximum power and see if you can find the direction of the escaping Yin Liu..”