Chapter 1128 - 1128: Far Light Base

Chapter 1128: Far Light Base

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As the guard of the outpost, Caniel was not an idiot. Instead, he had ample experience for emergencies.

He had destroyed or scared away many outsiders in this outpost base. The reason why he was scared was because he did not expect to be discovered this time and be chased out of the comfort circle.

In just a minute, Caniel realized that he was probably in big trouble this time.

The acceleration of the outpost in the meteorite was too slow. Without hesitation, Caniel activated the escape tunnel, got into the Aerospace Combat Jet, and took off.

Caniel heaved a sigh of relief when he successfully left the outpost. He had avoided this disaster. However, he would inevitably be reprimanded after he escaped back to the base.

Suddenly, Caniel felt that the speed of the Aerospace Combat Jet, which had already entered automatic driving mode, was a little different. It seemed to have slowed down. He suddenly turned around and instantly revealed a horrified expression, as if he had seen a ghost.

A Mechanical Spirit had already climbed onto the tail of his Aerospace Combat Jet. His body flickered with light as he frantically slowed down the Aerospace Combat Jet that was escaping for him.

In an instant, Caniel fell into despair. Of course, it was not complete despair. His Aerospace Combat Jet still had firepower weapons. He was prepared to use the emergency pod to escape. The Aerospace Combat Jet would self-destruct.

The self-destruction of the Aerospace Combat Jet should be able to injure this expert from the Mechanical Spirit Race and stop him so that he could escape.

However, the moment he turned around, Caniel fell into complete despair. In front of the Aerospace Combat Jet, a guy who looked like a Blue Star human was standing on his sword and staring at him quietly. Before he could think about anything, he felt an instant pain in his head and fainted.

In the Aerospace Combat Jet, the shouts of the base were still ringing out.

“Reinforcements are about to set off. Please report the details of the invasion fleet immediately. Please report immediately.”

Xu Tui carried Caniel out of the Aerospace Combat Jet like a little chick.

Base?

There was a base in the Terry meteorite belt. From the looks of it, the captive in front of him was also a base of the Blue Star humans. From their previous encounters, the meteorite rain, including the meteorite accident they encountered when they were exploring this place, was all caused by this base. wnlcn ramuy was tms Dase rromc

Why was there a base hidden deep in the Terry meteorite belt?

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui forcefully hypnotized Caniel through spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation.

Caniel was an Extreme Branch cultivator at the Transmutation Realm. His mental body was too weak compared to Xu Tui. He was instantly lost. It was all explained in less than three minutes.

The contents of his instructions stunned Xu Tui.

The base of the Blue Star humans hidden in the Terry meteorite belt did not belong to any of the six alliances. Instead, it belonged to—Dawn Salvation!

Caniel did not know how the base came about. However, Caniel had already been on duty for two rounds in this outpost. He would be on duty every year and every three years.

Based on this, the base of the Terry meteorite belt had existed for at least six years. From this point of view, the path of Dawn Salvation was further than the six major sectors of the Blue Star.

The name of the base was Far Light Base.

The commander of the base was called Arodi. He was a Planetary realm powerhouse. Other than that, there were also two quasi-planetary experts, more than ten Transmutation Realm experts, and more than a hundred Evolution Realm cultivators.

The main control range was the depths of the Terry meteorite belt. However, Caniel did not know what was deep in the Terry meteorite belt.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui and Yin Ba sat in Caniel’s Aerospace Combat Jet at the same time. Lavis, Yin Liulong, Yin Sanping, Yin Liujian, An Xiaoxue, and Yan Lie sat in with them.

Adding Caniel, it was just nice.

Caniel, who had been forcefully hypnotized by Xu Tui, acted as if Xu Tui and the others did not exist. He piloted the Aerospace Combat Jet again and fled deeper into the Terry meteorite belt. At the same time, he began to answer the calls of the Far Light Base.

“Commander, the outpost has been discovered. I have already activated the emergency escape tunnel and will return to the base through the Aerospace Combat Jet,” Caniel reported.

A puzzled voice came from the other end of the communication device. “Why did you report it three minutes later? What happened in the middle?”

“A quasi-planetary attack. In order to escape, I used a nuclear bomb to trigger a chain storm of meteorites, causing the signal to be unstable,” Caniel replied.

“There are quasi-planets. How many quasi-planets does the other party’s fleet have?” Far Light Base asked.

“I’ve found one so far. My personal estimate is that based on the fleet’s configuration, there might be two quasi-planets.”

“Did you get rid of them?”

“I’ve escaped for the time being, but I estimate that with the technology level of the Mechanical Spirit Race, it won’t be long before they can find my fighter jet signal and catch up. Request the base to fetch me back,” Caniel said.

Thirty seconds later, another male voice sounded. “I am Arodi. I will personally lead a team to receive you. You and I will go both ways. We will arrive at your location in an hour and a half.

“If the Mechanical Spirit Race’s fleet still hasn’t caught up in half an hour, my orders are that you lower your speed and release a signal at a moderate rate. Let them search for you and catch up. Do you understand what I mean?” Arodi, the commander of the Far Light Base, said.

“Sir, I understand what you mean. Are you planning to use the opportunity to save me to wipe out this fleet of the Mechanical Spirit Race?” Caniel said.

“It’s good that you understand. This Mechanical Spirit Race fleet should be the same as the Mechanical Spirit Race fleet that invaded our base twice. Their home planet was very likely nearby. Therefore, I plan to use this opportunity to prevent future troubles,” Arodi said.

“Don’t worry, Sir. I’ll definitely complete the mission.”

In the Far Light Base, Arodi, who had ended the communication, gave the order to the team that had already gathered to attack. He himself looked into the depths of space calmly.

Would there be any unexpected gains this time?

If they could discover the mother planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race, they would have made a killing. After thinking for a few minutes, Arodi soared into the air and chased after the departing team.

Xu Tui flipped through the various data in the Aerospace Combat Jet’s data center when he arrived.

He was a little shocked.

The Far Light Base of Dawn Salvation here was much larger than Xu Tui had imagined. Dawn Salvation might be more powerful than Xu Tui had imagined.

It had to be known that the six major sectors of the Blue Star Humans had fought for so many years and experienced countless hardships before they jumped out of the circle of Earth, Moon, and Phobos and arrived at the Manut asteroid belt.

On the other hand, Dawn Salvation had come here many years ago and even developed Far Light Base.

According to the ratio of experts in the Far Light Base and the basic information, Xu Tui highly suspected that there might be more than one base of Dawn Salvation in the asteroid belt.

“Then, could Painted Skin be here? Or can I obtain information about Painted Skin or Aurora?”

Xu Tui’s gaze was cold. Luo Shifeng’s sacrifice was a hurdle that Xu Tui could not cross in his heart. A blood debt had to be paid in blood.

Forty minutes later, Caniel, who had been highly hypnotized, took the initiative to report to Arodi. The general idea was that the Mechanical Spirit Race’s fleet had already discovered him and chased after him, but they were still a distance away.

In the Aerospace Combat Jet, Xu Tui ordered everyone, “Everyone, restrain your auras.”

Another forty minutes later, the Aerospace Combat Jet’s onboard radar could already detect the fleet coming to receive Caniel. It was formed by four Aerospace Combat Jets.

Suddenly, Xu Tui and Yin Ba shifted their gazes at the same time and looked into the distance.

Planetary realm.

There was a strong planetary realm aura behind the team.

Seven minutes later, the four Aerospace Combat Jets that had come to receive them lined up and stopped far away. At the same time, they shouted in the channel, “Caniel, the bait mission is not bad. You can come out now. We can fight side by side.”

“Where’s Lord Arodi?” Caniel asked.

“I’m here.” Behind the fleet, a stream of light quickly flew to the front of the receiving fleet. The moment it stopped, it frowned and suddenly asked, “Caniel, why did you activate the quantum jammer?”

At such a close distance, it was impossible to hide the auras of so many experts. He could only use a quantum jammer. In the next moment, the door of Caniel’s Aerospace Combat Jet opened. Xu Tui and Yin Ba walked out with Caniel. Arodi looked at Xu Tui, and his expression instantly changed drastically.

“Humans from the Blue Star? You captured Caniel alive? Is this a trap?” Arodi instantly thought of many things.

“Mr. Arodi?” Xu Tui asked.

When Xu Tui spoke, Arodi’s expression changed again. He had thought that Xu Tui, a Blue Star Human, was a captive of the Mechanical Spirit Race. But now, Xu Tui had spoken, and Yin Ba’s attitude seemed to be different.

“As far as I know, no one in the Huaxia Sector has worked with the Mechanical Spirit Race, right?” Arodi asked. @@novelbin@@

“Why don’t we each answer a question? You answer mine, and I’ll answer yours. How about that? Is Aurora here?” Xu Tui asked.

Arodi’s expression changed drastically. “Why are you asking Lord Aurora?”

“We have a grudge.”

Arodi was first shocked, then gradually calmed down. A sneer appeared on his face. “There are many people who have a grudge against Lord Aurora. But with just the two of you? One was a quasi-planet, and the other was a Transmutation Realm!

“Am I praising you for being bold, or is your courage commendable?” Arodi laughed. He waved his hand, and the two quasi-planetary experts and eight Transmutation Realm experts from the fleet behind him stepped out of the ship and slowly surrounded Xu Tui.

“Uh, so we’re competing in numbers.” Xu Tui smiled and shook his head. He shouted behind him, “Alright, turn off the quantum jammer. Come out too.”

Almost at the same time, Lavis, Yin Liulong, Yin Erping, Yin Liujian, An Xiaoxue, and Yan Lie flew out of the Aerospace Combat Jet.

The moment he flew out, Arodi’s expression changed.

There were actually five quasi-planets and three Transmutation Realm experts. However, although this strength was a little strong, Arodi did not panic. This wave of strength had exceeded his expectations.

It was just a little stronger than he had imagined.

“Five quasi-planetary experts are indeed a little strong. However, don’t forget that I’m in the planetary realm!” Arodi sneered..