Chapter 1129 - 1129: God Slaying’S Double Kill

Chapter 1129: God Slaying’s Double Kill

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Five quasi-planetary experts are indeed a little strong. However, don’t forget that I’m at the Planetary realm!” Arodi sneered, but he was not in a hurry to attack.

However, Arodi’s mind power was frantically sensing Xu Tui and the others without any hesitation.

On the other side, there were five quasi-planetary experts and three Transmutation Realm experts. On his side, there was a Planetary realm expert, two quasi-planetary experts, and eight Transmutation Realm experts. In theory, he would definitely win.

As long as five of the eight Transmutation Realm experts came out and helped him stall two quasi-planets for a minute, they would definitely win.

Arodi was confident that he could kill a weak quasi-planet in a minute.

However, Arodi was from the Blue Star and an organization like Dawn Salvation. Caution was engraved in his bones. He wanted to take advantage of the moment when he was speaking to understand the strength of Xu Tui and the others better so that he could take them down with the least losses.

There was one thing that Arodi was a little worried about. It looked like Caniel had confessed. In that case, the other party should know their strength. They still dared to come even though they knew that there was a Planetary realm.

What was the confidence of the group of people opposite him?

Arodi immediately knew what Xu Tui and the others’ confidence was.

Just as the Planetary realm powerhouse from Dawn Salvation, Arodi, was unscrupulously scanning everyone on Xu Tui’s side with his mental perception, an extremely powerful sword light suddenly erupted around Xu Tui.

A small silver sword instantly flew out from behind Xu Tui’s head and slashed into the head of a quasi-planetary expert on their side.

The sword light entered his body.

The quasi-planetary expert shook his head slightly, as if nothing had happened. Arodi, who was about to flare up, was stunned at first. Then, he smiled. “Mind power attack? Is that what you rely on? Your mind power attacks are indeed strong, but your mind power attacks are not that good. Did it hurt you, Lithur?” Arodi asked the quasi-planetary who had been slashed.

“A tickle!” The quasi-planetary Lithur shrugged. As he laughed, Arodi began to secretly set up tactics.

Arodi’s stability made Xu Tui want to laugh. Wasn’t this going easy on him?

“Is that so? Why don’t you try again?”

Xu Tui activated his mind power and began to condense the Small God Slaying Sword again.

That attack just now was just Xu Tui’s test. Xu Tui had only used 5% of his mind power to forge the Small God Slaying Sword just now. He only wanted to test the power of it.

The small sword condensed by 5% of his mind power slashed down. The quasi-planetary expert’s mental body only trembled for a moment. Xu Tui could sense that the damage was similar to that of the mental hammer.

Xu Tui already had an idea when he slashed out.

“Try? If you want to try, try with your life!”

Arodi chuckled. He waved his hand and shouted, “Kill him. Capture this Blue Star human alive!”

“Kill!” Xu Tui only said one word. In the next moment, the Small God Slaying Sword that he had just condensed instantly slashed out again.

This time, Xu Tui used 20% of his mind power to forge a small sword. The sword light instantly slashed out. However, this time, the quasi-planetary expert on the other side was also on guard. Xu Tui’s attack just now had been extremely sudden. Although it did not cause any substantial damage, it had caused his mental body to tremble.

He was a little afraid.

As long as his mental body trembled slightly, if another quasi-planetary creature came, he would be killed if he was not careful. Just now, Lithur had only said it on the surface, but in his heart, it was still very important.

He was on full alert.

Seeing Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword slashing at him again, he, who was already prepared, instantly dodged.

He was not weak either. Actually, not only did he dodge, but he had also activated his mind power domain and mental shield. However, just as he thought that he had dodged, Xu Tui’s gaze shifted again.

Quantum entangled state energy teleportation!

The Small God Slaying Sword that had just slashed through the air instantly disappeared on the spot. Then, it suddenly appeared with the mind power domain power that Lithur had activated. The sword slashed into Lithur’s head.

Boom!

It was as if a bomb had exploded in Lithur’s head. Blood spurted out of his seven orifices on the spot. He instantly lay upright and floated freely. Before Arodi and the others could react, Yan Lie instantly attacked. A saber light flashed, and a large head instantly floated up.

“Eh, Commander, your sword directly knocked this fellow out!” Yan Lie exclaimed.

At the same time, Arodi was stunned.

Arodi, who had just pounced at Yin Liulong, suddenly turned around in disbelief. They had not even started fighting, but a quasi-planetary was already killed? What was the situation? He felt fine when Xu Tui’s sword attacked just now.

Xu Tui was not too satisfied with the power of the Small God Slaying Sword. He did not kill Lithur with one strike. He was only knocked out. This was the Small God Slaying Sword that had used 20% of Xu Tui’s mind power.

In theory, Xu Tui could only slash four times now.

However, Xu Tui did not care about pity. The moment Arodi turned around, he slashed out again. Coupled with the quantum entanglement state, he instantly slashed into the energy shield of another quasi-planet.

Another one spat out blood.

Arodi’s eyes widened. Yan Lie’s figure appeared at the right time and beheaded him again. At the same time, Arodi also attacked fiercely. Yin Ba and Lavis began to attack Arodi with all their might.

On the other side, Yin Erping, Yin Liujian, and Yin Liulong were fighting eight Transmutation Realm experts. An Xiaoxue had already activated massacre mode behind them.

With a flash of silver light, the vital points of a Transmutation Realm expert’s head exploded. The terror of the Dimensional Explosion was completely displayed at this moment. However, before An Xiaoxue and the others could start the massacre, the remaining eight Transmutation Realm experts had already peed their pants.

Two quasi-planetary experts were killed with one strike.

What about them?

The moment Xu Tui slashed out his third Small God Slaying Sword, the Transmutation Realm experts of the Dawn Salvation who were fighting bitterly trembled.

Even though the rules of Dawn Salvation made them not dare to be afraid of battle, they were still afraid! Whoever was slashed by this sword would be doomed. In their panic, An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, Yin Erping, Yin Liujian, and the others were like tigers entering a flock of sheep.

At the same time, Yin Liulong, who was fighting vigorously, had already pounced towards the Planetary realm powerhouse, Arodi.

Three quasi-planets besieged Arodi alone.

Arodi’s expression really changed!

It became extremely ugly. He even felt a little afraid.

What kind of f*cking combat strength was this?

In less than thirty seconds, he had killed the two quasi-planetary experts and four Transmutation Realm experts under him. It would be a miracle if the remaining four Transmutation Realm experts could last another thirty seconds.

He had originally brought his elites, but now, he had become an empty commander the moment the battle started.

If he had not seen this battle with his own eyes, Arodi would have suspected that a Planetary realm expert was secretly plotting against him.

Actually, it was not that the Planetary realm was plotting against him. It was the power of the quasi-planetary realm that was plotting against him.

Xu Tui did not have five quasi-planetary experts.

There should be seven of them!

Both Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue already had the combat strength of a quasi-planet.

This was especially so for Xu Tui. He had slashed out with the Small God Slaying Sword and cooperated with Yan Lie. He could kill a quasi-planetary powerhouse like killing pigs and dogs. Ordinary Planetary realm powerhouses did not have this ability.

In any case, if it was Arodi fighting the two quasi-planetary experts under him, he would not be able to win in five minutes. However, he was not confident that he could complete a double kill.

In an instant, Arodi’s heart was filled with thoughts.

As a Planetary realm powerhouse, he had a high degree of freedom even within the Dawn Salvation. He was not like other normal personnel who could only fight to the death and did not dare to retreat.

He had to escape!

If he did not escape now, he would not have a chance.

It was three against one!

It would immediately become five against one, or even seven against one.

Once it became five against one or even seven against one, Arodi believed that even a Planetary realm powerhouse would not be able to escape. The more he looked forward to it when he first arrived, the more depressed Arodi was.

When he made this decision, Arodi did it in a flash. Almost instantly, while the fire around Arodi’s body shone brightly, he detonated four to five Origin Crystal ability seal cards. Actually, it was equivalent to four to five quasi-planets erupting with power at the same time.

Under such circumstances, he easily tore apart the attacks of Yin Ba, Lavis, and Yin Liulong. He quickly tore a way out and instantly broke out of the siege.

As long as he broke out, Arodi was extremely confident in escaping. It was very difficult for the quasi-planetary experts present to catch up to the speed of a planetary realm powerhouse like him.

Arodi had just broken out of the encirclement when a sword light suddenly slashed over. Arodi, who had already expected it, instantly dodged. However, in the next moment, a sword light flashed and blasted into Arodi’s head again. Arodi’s body only swayed slightly, but his flying momentum did not stop.

However, he still turned around in shock.

The sword just now could actually affect his mental body.

Was he still a cultivator at the Transmutation Realm? In an instant, Arodi had the illusion that he was fighting a Planetary realm powerhouse. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui, Yin Ba, Lavis, and the others chased after Arodi as he fled crazily. However, none of them could catch up to Arodi.

“Lavis, bring me after him!” Xu Tui shouted. In the next moment, Lavis instantly rushed over and chased after Arodi with Xu Tui.

Although he could not catch up, he would not be left too far behind by Arodi. In the next moment, the small red sword in the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind moved. A small sword mixed with other colors instantly slashed at Arodi.

Energy Teleportation in the quantum entanglement state!

Arodi sensed another sword slashing over, but he had no choice. He could not dodge it and could only take it head-on. However, he did not pay much attention to it. At most, it would cause his mental body to tremble slightly.

In the next moment, the sword light that Xu Tui had extracted 20% of the power of the God Slaying Sword instantly slashed into Arodi’s head through energy teleportation.

Arodi’s entire body instantly trembled.

Other than causing his mental body to tremble, an indescribably sinister power invaded his mental body.

Death, desolation, chaos, anger, despair… All kinds of indescribable emotions instantly surged into Arodi’s heart.

Arodi frantically activated his mind power to resist these powers.

Perhaps in that instant, or perhaps two to three seconds later, when Arodi refined this sinister power, he was already surrounded by Xu Tui and the others.

Countless attacks had already landed on him.

Seven against one!