Chapter 1127 - 1127: Meteor Shower And No Innovationtr

Chapter 1127: Meteor Shower and No InnovationTr

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui felt a little lonely.

It was mainly because his sword was a little lonely. This sword was the Small God Slaying Sword that he had just successfully cultivated.

Xu Tui did not think too much about it after he made the sword. However, not long after, he made a very valuable discovery.

The Small God Slaying Sword was Xu Tui’s first offensive skill that had escaped the support of his genetic chain. The reason why it was called a skill was that the various abilities from before came from the support of the genetic ability chain.

As for the Small God Slaying Sword, it was a pure way to use mind power.

In reality, there had been such a way of using mind power before.

For example, mental shields, mental bricks, mental awls, and so on. However, without exception, the power of these methods of using mind power was very ordinary. It could even be said to be very weak.

Compared to the abilities obtained by the genetic ability chain, they were very weak.

However, this Small God Slaying Sword was different.

Xu Tui felt that it should be very strong.

This was also the reason why he was a little lonely at this moment. Xu Tui did not dare to try on the people under him. He was afraid that they would not be able to take it. If Old Cai was here, Xu Tui might have tried slashing him without hesitation.

Old Cai, who was far away in the Manut Asteroid Laboratory, sneezed without any warning. He blinked suspiciously. ‘Which turtle is plotting against me?” At this moment, Xu Tui wanted to encounter an enemy.

He wanted to try his sword. However, in this desolate space, it was either celestial bodies or darkness. It was not easy to see a living creature, let alone an enemy.

“Attention, all members. We are about to enter the Terry meteorite belt. A meteorite rain will happen here at any time.

The gap would be widened when all the fighter jets’ shields were fully charged.

“Everyone, enter battle readiness!” Ah Huang’s voice suddenly echoed in all the fighter jets. In the fighter jets, be it cultivating, resting, or doing other things, they silently put on their combat uniforms and entered their respective cabins. The ejection system prepared to be in position at the same time.

Xu Tui gently pulled An Xiaoxue onto his seat. He was about to say that he would block it for her if anything happened later, but before he could say anything, An Xiaoxue broke free and returned to her chair.

“I’m also a cultivator. If I encounter a crisis, I’ll ask you for help, but not for your protection.” An Xiaoxue pursed her lips tightly and stared at Xu Tui.

This instantly made him react. He immediately realized what the problem was, but An Xiaoxue blocked his lips with her finger.

“I understand. You don’t have to explain! But I am An Xiaoxue!” After saying that, An Xiaoxue nimbly put on her combat uniform. She quickly tied up her long hair with her slender hands. She shook her mind power and released the safety of the cockpit.

Xu Tui was slightly stunned when he saw this. Then, he nodded. “That’s right. You are An Xiaoxue. The one and only An Xiaoxue!”

An Xiaoxue nodded gently.

There were hundreds of millions of celestial bodies of all sizes floating in the Terry meteorite belt. It looked dense. However, the actual density was not as dense as the remote sensing images. The smallest distance was dozens of kilometers.

This distance became very short compared to the speed of the fighter jet.

Therefore, before entering the Terry meteorite belt, Ah Huang continuously slowed down the disc-shaped fighter jet.

Less than ten minutes after entering the Terry meteorite belt, a rather large meteorite suddenly accelerated and charged towards Jet Seven, Jet Eight, and Jet Nine.

Without needing Xu Tui’s instructions, Ah Huang controlled the three fighter jets to dodge.

However, just as Ah Huang was dodging, the huge meteorite suddenly disintegrated and turned into a meteor shower that filled the sky. It blasted towards the entire fleet at high speed.

All the members’ expressions changed drastically.

However, Ah Huang, who was controlling the fleet, was not flustered. It responded calmly and instantly made the most correct change.

However, the price was one of the Hunter fighter jets, which had its energy shield fully activated, was destroyed. This Hunter fighter jet was empty. It was only carrying a portion of the supplies. There were no passengers.

Under such sudden meteorite rain, the losses were very small. In a hollow meteorite in the distance, a man suddenly smiled when he saw the image transmitted back. “This fleet commander is really agile. When did the Mechanical Spirit Race produce such a brilliant commander?” With a smile, the man pressed another button and reported, “Plan No. 2 has been implemented.”

Twenty minutes later, two meteors attacked the fleet from different directions. Under Ah Huang’s control, they avoided the two meteors and quickly accelerated away. However, before he could accelerate and leave, two meteors in different directions coincidentally collided and exploded.

The energy shockwave and the meteor shower caused by the collision instantly swept towards a third of the fighter jets behind.

No matter how fast Ah Huang accelerated, two more disc-shaped fighter jets were destroyed.

It was still empty.

This was not because he was lucky, but because Ah Huang deliberately controlled the empty disc-shaped fighter jet to buy time for the other fighter jets.

“This luck is a little unlucky. We actually encountered two waves of meteorite rain.” In the public channel, Yan Lie was a little depressed.

If not for Ah Huang’s godly control, the fighter jet he had just taken might have been destroyed. Even if he did not count, he would probably have been injured under the impact.

In the flagship, An Xiaoxue raised her eyebrows. She did not say anything and looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui said directly, “Ah Huang, there are two consecutive waves of meteorite rain in half an hour. What do you think?”

“Based on my analysis, the probability of encountering two meteorite rains like this in half an hour is not more than 1 in 10,000,” Ah Huang said.

“Are you saying that we won the lottery?”

“No, according to the probability analysis of our artificial intelligence, we are more likely targeted by some force, ” Ah Huang said.

“We are targeted by a certain force?” Xu Tui raised his eyebrows. He had actually had the same thought just now.

It was a coincidence that there were two consecutive waves of meteorite rain.

“Can you find the other party?” Xu Tui asked.

“Xu Tui, do you know the essentials of the guidance relationship of guided weapons?” Ah Huang suddenly asked.

“Guidance location?”

“That’s right. If these two waves of meteorite rain are really man -made, then an extremely accurate guidance signal must have landed near us. We’ll be able to find the enemy behind this if we find this signal,” Ah Huang said.

“Tell me the method!”

“I need your help! The enemy might have set up better here. The

reconnaissance guidance signals are mixed in the various ray particle signals in the meteorite here, causing us to not be able to discover them.

“However, if he detects us again, as long as you can help me lock onto a general direction, I can focus all the power of the detection equipment in this direction. I should be able to discover it,” Ah Huang said.

“Understood. However, when will the enemy detect us again? You know that I can’t last long with a large-scale high-precision mental perception,” Xu Tui said.

“You can start now. I have an idea.”

While he was puzzled, Xu Tui followed Ah Huang’s instructions and expanded his mental perception to the maximum range. All his mind power was focused on his mental perception and his microscopic perception was at full strength.

In the next moment, the remaining fifteen disc-shaped fighter jets in the fleet suddenly turned around and were about to return.

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. He immediately understood Ah Huang’s intentions.

A few minutes later, the man on duty in the forward base in the hollow meteorite suddenly froze when he saw the fifteen spots of light slowly leaving in front of him.

Not going any deeper? Were they running away in fear? Were they retreating?

He immediately connected to another channel. “Commander, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Hunter’s fleet that were discovered actually started to retreat after encountering two waves of scheduled meteorite rain. Did they lower their vigilance?”

“They retreated so quickly? How many Hunter fighter jets did they lose in the two waves of scheduled meteorite rain? Did they lose more than a third?” the commander asked.

“No, the commander of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s fleet this time is very brilliant. They only lost three Hunter fighter jets in two waves of meteorite rain. The casualty rate is 17%,” the man from the outpost replied.

“They turned around and returned after such a small loss. This fleet commander is quite cautious. However, as long as they turn around and return without entering the Terry meteorite belt, it will be a good thing for us. Keep an eye on them intermittently and watch them leave in case they play any tricks during the evacuation,” the commander ordered.

“Alright, Sir.” The man in the forward base began to follow the orders.

Three minutes later, Xu Tui activated his mental perception. His gaze suddenly shifted.

Among the thousands of particle quantum information flows brought about by the surrounding celestial bodies of various sizes, another particle energy fluctuation that was more directional suddenly swept across their entire fleet.

“Ah Huang, my five o’clock.”

“Okay!”

In the next moment, all the remote sensing search equipment in the fleet searched in this direction at maximum power.

Less than twenty seconds later, Ah Huang suddenly smiled. “There’s nothing new about this concealment.”

“You found something?”

Ah Huang projected the reconnaissance result diagram to Xu Tui. It was an oval meteorite-shaped celestial body.

“The signal came from here. Do you want to find it?” Ah Huang asked.

“There’s nothing to be afraid of using a sneaky method like the meteorite rain to attack us. Grab it! ”

“Alright!”

Ah Huang responded. In just two seconds, the Hunter disc-shaped fighter jet that was returning at high speed completed its turn and flew towards the meteorite where the signal came from. @@novelbin@@

In the outpost, the man who had just retrieved a strong signal was still in a

UCtze vvnell ne suuue111Y 11UL1ceu 111Lee?11 nullLeLs suuuuny ctcceueLdL111b LUVVdLUS them. His expression instantly changed.

“Sir, Commander, they seem to have noticed me.”

“They discovered you? You idiot, what’s going on! Then retreat quickly.

Activate the outpost and leave.”

“Commander, it takes time for the outpost to accelerate! Moreover, the speed of the outpost can’t surpass that of the Hunter fighter jet in the Terry meteorite belt. Commander, I need help!”

“The rescue team is about to be sent out, but it will take time!”

“Sir, please hurry!”

The guard on duty at the outpost who had felt extremely lonely just now looked at the red dot that was rushing towards him at high speed. His face was extremely pale..