Chapter 1120 - Chapter 1120: Impossible Possibility (1)

Chapter 1120: Impossible Possibility (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The power of the Mechanical Spirit Race that had come to support Planet

Spiritual Sea was more than double what Xu Tui and the others had imagined.

Previously, Xu Tui, Yin Ba, Qu Qingshan, An Xiaoxue, Yin Liulong, and Ah Huang had analyzed the data. Under normal circumstances, under such a lightning attack, the Mechanical Spirit Race would be able to react early and send reinforcements to Planet Spiritual Sea.

However, the number of reinforcements sent was also extremely limited.

With the current strength of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the reinforcements should be a Planetary realm. There would not be more than three quasi-planetary experts.

However, the current situation was that there were not many quasi-planetary experts. Out of the four, two were from the planetary realm.

It was equivalent to doubling his strength.

When the exploration team returned at full speed and gathered together, Yin San, Yin Liu, and the others could already be seen pouncing towards the base with the naked eye.

Yin Ba felt the most guilty.

“Sir, my previous analysis and intelligence are all true. There are no problems at all.” Yin Ba was afraid of a sudden powerful enemy.

Xu Tui glanced at Yin Ba and said calmly, “I didn’t say that there’s a problem with you. What are you afraid of?”

Yin Ba became even more flustered.

Fortunately, Xu Tui added, “I’ll accept your allegiance. After this battle, I’ll start to recover your strength.”

Xu Tui’s words made Yin Ba overjoyed.

This meant that he had already obtained Xu Tui’s basic trust. However, he immediately became worried.

The two of them were quasi-planetary experts and there were eight Transmutation Realm experts. No matter how they looked at it, they were not a match for the two planetary experts and four quasi-planetary experts. Even though Xu Tui was outstanding and might have the strength of a quasi-planetary expert.

“Get ready to fight. Do you want to choose or should I split it?” Xu Tui said as he looked at Yin Liu, Yin San, and the others who were rushing over.

“Lavis and I will definitely be able to stall Yin Liu, who is in the planetary realm. If we are lucky, we might even have a chance to severely injure him.” Yin Ba was the first to express his stance. Yin Ba really wanted to show off.

Lavis also nodded vigorously. He had worked with Yin Ba many times over the past few days, so they had a tacit understanding. It was already very awesome for the two of them to fight a planetary realm.

“Old Wen and I will choose the quasi-planetary in the east. If we have enough time, we might be able to kill that guy,” Qu Qingshan said.

“Lang Ju and I will choose the second quasi-planet in the east! As long as this fellow is not abnormal, we will deal with it in ten minutes,” Yanzi said.

Xu Tui glanced at Yanzi. He was actually a little dissatisfied with her choice.

Among the Transmutation Realm experts , other than Xu Tui, Yanzi and Lang

Ju were the strongest. Lang Ju was even one step away from breaking through.

Xu Tui’s original thought was that Lang Ju would be able to fight a quasi-planetary alone. He did not expect Yanzi and Lang Ju to fight a

quasi-planetary.

Yanzi puffed out her chest when she saw Xu Tui looking at her. She looked back without hesitation. The meaning was clear as day. She was an ally. She had already done her best to fight, but she could not be asked to risk her life to stop the enemy.

“Leave the second quasi-planet in the west to me,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui frowned slightly. He was a little worried. He knew An Xiaoxue’s strength. It was not a problem for her to injure a quasi-planetary. However, An Xiaoxue’s problem was that her defense was fragile.

Seeing Xu Tui frown, Yan Lie immediately understood what Xu Tui meant. “I’ll be in the same group as Miss An. If we cooperate, we might have a chance to kill the quasi-planetary expert in the west.”

Xu Tui still frowned.

There was no problem with Yan Lie’s explanation, but the problem was that there was a quasi-planetary realm cultivator. This was troublesome.

Someone had to stall this quasi-planet. Otherwise, once the quasi-planetary experts interfered with the other battle circles, it would immediately cause a huge problem. Just as Xu Tui was having a headache, Yin Liulong suddenly said, “Sir, leave the westernmost quasi-planet to me!”

Yin Liulong was only at the peak of the Transmutation Realm and had not broken through to the quasi-planetary realm. He was different from Xu Tui. Before he broke through, the difference in strength was huge. This was especially so for the Mechanical Spirit Race.

“Can you do it?”

“Don’t worry, Sir. I’ll try my best to stall this quasi-planetary expert until the other teams win,” Yin Liulong said.

Xu Tui was slightly moved. “Alright, I’ll remember what you said. Then that’s it! Remember, we have to produce results as soon as possible. We can only win this battle! If we lose, we might have to stay on Planet Spiritual Sea forever.”

Xu Tui’s tactical arrangements ended just like that. However, Yin Ba and Lavis became anxious. “Sir, if the two of us each deal with a Planetary realm expert, we might not be able to block them. We might even be defeated quickly.” ‘Who said that the two of you have a Planetary realm each?” “Then who will deal with Yin San?” Yin Ba and Lavis were stunned.

“It’s naturally me!”

After saying that, Xu Tui instantly soared into the sky on his sword and went forward. Yin Ba and Lavis were stunned.

From afar, Yin San began to shout, “It’s you guys who first stole our Planet Spirit, then stole our Planet Spiritual Cabin, and now, you’re here to steal our

Planet Spiritual Sea?”

“Why? Do you have a problem?” Xu Tui sneered. On the other side, Yin Liu pointed at Yin Ba and cursed, “Yin Ba, you were indeed a traitor. How could you do this?” @@novelbin@@

“Sixth Brother, it’s just to live!” Yin Ba sighed.

“Little Eight, come back now. We can forgive you!” Yin Liu immediately surrendered.

Yin Ba glanced at Xu Tui when he heard that. He sighed and said, “Sixth

Brother, do you think I have a chance to turn back?”

Yin San seemed to have understood something. He looked at Xu Tui and said, “Surrender to the Mechanical Spirit Race. We will give you a spot as an elder..”