Chapter 1133 - 1133: The Mechanical Spirit Race’S Counterattack

Chapter 1133: The Mechanical Spirit Race’s Counterattack

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the private residence in the fortress, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s leader, Yin Er, who had obtained detailed information about Planet Spiritual Cabin, could not help but tremble.

They were too… too much of a bully!

They can’t bully people like this!

They can’t bully people like this!

Planet Spiritual Cabin had been looted previously, and it was the same for Planet Spiritual Sea. However, both Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea were important planets for the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Resource planets were actually easier to develop, but there were too few

Spiritual Planets. It had been more than a hundred years, but the Mechanical Spirit Race had only found three. Therefore, he could not give up just because Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea had been exposed.

As long as the Spiritual Race did not know, they could continue to operate Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea.

Previously, for the sake of secrecy, the transfer cycle of resources obtained by the Mechanical Spirit Race on those resource planets and cultivation planets was very long.

The solar system was huge, but it was also very small. If the frequency of transportation was higher, the possibility of being discovered by the Spiritual Race and their vassals would be higher, and the possibility of being exposed would be higher.

For example, the Origin Crystals were only transferred once every three to half a year. The silver boxes on the Planet Spirit were only retrieved once every ten to twenty years. This was because ten to twenty years of accumulation could produce a Planetary realm powerhouse.

But now, Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea had been exposed and ransacked by Xu Tui.

However, with the reason that Planet Spirit was extremely difficult to find, Yin Er decided to rebuild Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea that had been looted.

Although it was called rebuilding, it was actually restarting production.

Xu Tui and the other bandits could be considered the gentlest bandits. They had only robbed the resources of two Spiritual Planets, but they had not caused much damage to the two planets.

Basically, as long as they sent a certain amount of manpower over and regained control of the Control Center, they could arrange for production This was easy.

However, due to manpower problems, Yin Er could only use one quasi-planetary expert and five Transmutation Realm experts to guard it for the time being.

Of course, Yin Er did not think that he could defend Planet Spiritual Cabin with one quasi-planet and five Transmutation Realm experts.

Yin Er did not plan to defend Planet Spiritual Cabin to the death. He only wanted to continuously obtain the resources of Planet Spiritual Cabin, especially the Spiritual Embodiment Resources.

Yin Er’s plan was to drastically reduce the frequency of resource transfer from the previous three months to half a year to once every two months.

Every month, all the resources mined on Planet Spiritual Cabin, including the silver box, would be transported once.

As the saying went, the more the merrier. If another enemy came to Planet Spiritual Cabin, they would not lose much if they defended and retreated immediately.

Yin Er estimated that even if the enemy was insatiable, it would probably be a year or two before they attacked Planet Spiritual Cabin again. Otherwise, it would be meaningless. However, he did not expect to be robbed by Xu Tui again forty days after the Planet Spiritual Cabin recovered and restarted reproduction, @@novelbin@@

Yin Er was on the brink of tears!

Ransacking the resources was nothing.

It was only forty days of resource production.

The key was manpower!

The quasi-planetary and five Transmutation Realm experts sent to maintain order on Planet Spiritual Cabin and restart production had all been destroyed.

This was especially so at the critical moment when the Spiritual Race was going to review the power of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Yin Er was furious!

You should loot everything. Don’t kill anyone!

“I, I, I… Xu Tui, Yin Ba, don’t let me find you! I will definitely cut your corpse into pieces!”

Xu Tui had already met with Yin Liu, who had escaped previously. Through many channels, the Mechanical Spirit Race already knew about the people who had captured their Planet Spirit and ransacked their Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea.

Planet Spiritual Cabin.

“Don’t destroy it. Don’t destroy the production facilities! Be gentler. We might have a chance to come next time.”

Xu Tui had a smile on his face when he left Planet Spiritual Cabin. When he came, he only wanted to pick up some resources on Planet Spiritual Cabin. He did not expect to obtain any benefits.

However, he did not expect to pick it up.

The Mechanical Spirit Race had actually resumed production on Planet Spiritual Cabin a long time ago. In more than forty days, it produced nearly 9,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

This number was not worth mentioning in any race, be it the Spiritual Race or the Mechanical Spirit Race.

However, it was a considerable sum of money for Xu Tui’s small group.

In Xu Tui’s words, he and An Xiaoxue had the Origin Crystals to use for their cultivation for the next half a month.

Currently, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were simply monsters that consumed Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui built about seven internal circulation channels of the genetic chain a day. An Xiaoxue built five to six, but the average consumption of building an internal circulation channel was about 50 grams of Origin Crystals.

The two of them consumed more than 700 grams of Origin Crystals a day.

Of course, their strength also increased rapidly.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula and Stab Formula genetic ability chains had reached a perfect state.

The internal circulation channels of the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain and the Vajra Barrier Genetic Ability Chain were steadily increasing at the speed of one every day. Their strength was also steadily increasing.

“Let’s go to the Tower Asteroid.”

On the 20th of May, the Worldly Pirate Gang, which had looted Planet Spiritual Cabin, began to sail. Other than more than 9,000 grams of Origin Crystals, there was also a quasi-planetary energy core and tons of Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

This was the main raw material for making combat uniforms.

Other than that, there were also five hunter fighter jets.

It should have been brought here by the quasi-planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race who had come to rebuild Planet Spiritual Cabin.

Now, Xu Tui has benefited. The number of fighter jets in Xu Tui’s Worldly Pirates had decreased to fifteen previously. Now, it has increased to twenty.

Seventeen days later, the fleet quietly arrived at Tower Asteroid again.

The surveillance equipment left behind by the Spiritual Race before they came to Tower Asteroid had been invaded and controlled by Ah Huang last time.

This kind of surveillance equipment sent out signals regularly. It was not real-time control, so it was very easy to control it.

When he arrived at the foundation of the temporary shelter again, this place had already been built into a fledgling Origin Crystal mine mining center by the robots left behind.

The mine tunnel, warehouse, and simple sieve center had all been built. The production was also very stable.

It was already June 6, 2139.

It had been three months since he last arrived on Tower Asteroid. And here, a considerable number of Origin Crystals had already been accumulated.

10,600 grams of Origin Crystals.

On average, it was about 120 grams of Origin Crystals a day. This production was not the upper limit of the Origin Crystal mine. It was mainly because the mining power was insufficient.

Xu Tui planned to transport about twenty dwarf robots after he returned to Planet Spirit. At that time, the daily production of this Origin Crystal mine would increase to more than 250 grams. In the future, it could be considered a stable income for the Worldly Pioneer Raiders.

“Ah Huang, send out a drone to search for the resources that the Blue Star sent over previously. However, this time, focus on searching for communication-type accessories and equipment,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Why do you need so many communication-type accessories and equipment?” Ah Huang asked.

“We have to contact the Manut asteroid in the shortest time possible and Principal Cai! The benefits brought about by the asteroid were greater than we had imagined. We will only be able to maximize the benefits if we hand over what we have discovered to the Huaxia Sector,” Xu Tui said.

Ah Huang frowned. “Xu Tui, why did you hand it over to the Huaxia Sector? I think that with our strength, we can monopolize the benefits of these asteroid belts if we continue to grow. That will be more beneficial to our development.” Xu Tui looked at Ah Huang and was a little surprised.

Ah Huang had an independent spirit and consciousness. He did not expect it to have such thoughts. However, this was normal. No matter what, Ah Huang’s predecessor was an advanced artificial intelligence.

“Ah Huang, you have to remember that the Huaxia Sector is my homeland!” “Homeland?”

“It’s the place where I was born and raised! It’s my home! If I get tired one day,

“Home?” Ah Huang shook its head slowly. “I understand a little, but I don’t!

However, since you gave the order, I will faithfully carry out your orders.”

“Yes, that’s an order!”

After staying on Tower asteroid for two days, Xu Tui and the others set off on the 8th of June. Ah Huang’s drone fleet had found a lot of things. However, all the Hunter fighter jets were already full. So they could not bring many supplies.

The next time he came out, Xu Tui would have to consider a transport ship or a supply ship.

Of course, Xu Tui had also begun to cultivate the quantum dimensional chain over the past few days. Every one to two days, he would build a circulation channel in the quantum dimensional chain and increase the space of the quantum dimensional chain.

After continuous cultivation, the size of Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain space had already reached two meters in length and width. It was also three meters tall.

It was twelve cubic meters.

It was still very small. However, in reality, this was already larger than the resources space of the Hunter’s disc-shaped fighter jet. The journey to the Tower Asteroid was only four and a half days from Phobos. It was a five-day journey from Planet Spirit.

When they set off from Tower Asteroid, all the members of the Worldly Pirate Gang, including Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others, became excited.

They were going home!

They will be home soon!

The people floating in space were extremely eager to return home.

Although Planet Spirit had not been built for long, under such emotions, even Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had slacked off in their cultivation, let alone others.

Everyone was looking forward to going home!

Wen Shao and Qu Qingshan even nagged that they had to make a good meal out of the meat and vegetables they had obtained from the Far Light Base after they arrived on Planet Spirit. Whether it was delicious or not, as long as there was smoke and fire, it was delicious.

The aura of the mortal world was the most soothing to the heart. Just as everyone was looking forward to this feast, a reminder from the control center of the flagship made everyone feel as if they had fallen into an icehouse. “Warning: There is no reply from the Control Center! Continue calling!” “Warning, there’s no reply from the Control Center. Continue calling!” The warning only rang twice before it was taken over by Ah Huang.

“We can confirm that something might have happened to Spirit I! Unless it’s controlled by someone else, it’s impossible not to contact it at this distance,” Ah Huang said.

Currently, they are still a day and a half away from Spirit I.

Xu Tui’s expression instantly became extremely dark.

Had he been attacked by the Mechanical Spirit Race’s desperate counterattack?

Has Spirit I been lost?

What about Planet Spirit?

That was… home!