Chapter 1136 - 1136: I’M Really Giving You A Chance And A Step Back (2)

Chapter 1136: I’m Really Giving You a Chance and a Step Back (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

A minute later, Xu Tui brought An Xiaoxue, Yin Ba, Lavis, Yin Liulong, Yin Sanping, Yin Liujian, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Yanzi, Lang Ju, and Yan Lie. There were a total of 13 people. They faced the other party like arrows.

Xu Tui brought out all his strength.

There were five quasi-planets and seven Transmutation Realm experts. They did not have any trump cards. However, to Xu Tui’s team, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s combat strength were an invisible backup plan.

In reality, it was not just Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue. Even Wen Shao and Qu Qingshan were a backup plan.

The two of them fought alone. After a few months of bitter cultivation and the enhancement of the two Silver Boxes of Spirit, they had the power to withstand a quasi-planetary head-on.

However, what was shocking was that the two of them already had the ability to kill a quasi-planetary expert when they joined forces.

As they got closer and closer, the power on the other side was very clear.

Two Planetary Realms, five quasi-planetary realms, and ten Transmutation Realms. Moreover, that was not all from Ah Huang’s remote sensing signal. @@novelbin@@

There were still some people in the enemy team who had held back on Spirit I. However, Xu Tui estimated that there was a high chance that the people guarding Spirit I were Transmutation Realm experts.

On the other side, Nortos, who was leading the way, reduced his speed. “Wan Tong, scout with all your might. Leave some attention in all directions! Five quasi-planets and seven Transmutation Realm experts. Even when they sensed our strength, they were not afraid at all and still faced us head-on. I reckon that they have other forces.”

“Understood, Lord Nortos.”

“Priapus, you also have powerful mind power. You should also pay attention to your surroundings,” Nortos said as he looked at the other man in combat uniform behind him. However, after saying that, Nortos frowned slightly. “Sigh, I still don’t like your godly name. Priapus, the God of Reproduction,

Shamera. Are you planning to die on a woman’s stomach? Isn’t Poseidon good?”

“Poseidon? Then I have to completely break through to the Planetary realm before I have the possibility of obtaining this honorific title. However, I still liked Priapus. Dying on a woman’s stomach was actually quite a wonderful thing. Of course, if Lord Nortos did not like it, it was not a problem to call me Shamera. However, I like to be called Old Sha,” Shamera, who was in his combat uniform, said.

“Old Sha, this seems to be how the Huaxia Sector calls it. Your surname is not Sha,” Nortos said.

“But I like this title. It sounds comfortable and pleasing to the ears.” As he spoke, Shamera seemed to be recalling something.

“That belongs to the Huaxia people. I’ll call you Shamera. I’ll call you by your godly code name when you’re on the same level as me!” Nortos said.

Hearing this, Shamera narrowed his eyes slightly and nodded. “As long as you’re happy, Lord Nortos.”

“Lord Nortos, the strong signal search of the device shows that there are no more powerful energy fluctuations within a 10,000-kilometer radius. I searched with my mental perception and did not find any hidden auras around. However, my ability gives me a little uneasiness…” Wan Tong, another Planetary realm powerhouse, suddenly said.

“Just a slight uneasiness?” Nortos laughed. “Does that mean that they have three-phase thermal bombs? It looks like they’re a bunch of ignorant fellows. However, we still had to be careful. Stay alert! After all, a team that can beat the crap out of the Mechanical Spirit Race has to be given enough respect!” Laughter came from the communication channel.

Amidst the laughter, the distance between the two sides was already very close. It was less than ten kilometers. At the same time, Xu Tui’s voice sounded.

This sound was not considered a sound. It was emitted through the vibration of one’s own strength. It could be done with mind power or energy field. However, only those above the Transmutation Realm would have such a method.

They could communicate in space.

“Human from the Blue Star?” This was Xu Tui’s voice.

“Of course, so are you?” Nortos was not surprised. There was already this relevant information in the previous intelligence.

It was also because of this that both sides did not start a battle without saying a word. In the depths of the distant asteroid belt, humans from the Blue Star met humans from the Blue Star. They could be considered to have met from the same hometown.

“Of course, this satellite is ours! It was occupied by you previously. As humans of the Blue Star, it was not easy for us to reach the depths of the asteroid belt. I hope that you can withdraw,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Nortos smiled. “Shouldn’t I be the one saying that? If we weren’t both Blue Star Humans, I think you would have been corpses by now.” As he spoke, Nortos shrugged. “On account that we are all humans of the Blue Star, I’ll give you a chance to surrender peacefully! Surrender to us, including your people on Planet Spirit. I will give you a price that you will be very satisfied with.’

“Surrender, ha!” Xu Tui let out a cold laugh. “I want to know which faction you are from. You don’t look like Dawn Salvation. Are you from the six alliances, the seventh sector, or The Myth?” Xu Tui asked.

“It seems that you’re very familiar with the matters of the Blue Star. You must have come here recently. Surrender. If you surrender, I’ll tell you my background! I guarantee that you will be treated better after you surrender than you are now! Even if it’s someone from the six alliances!” Nortos said.

“You insist that we surrender, but you don’t withdraw?” Xu Tui asked again.

Hearing this, Nortos smiled. “What do you think? We’re not children. Do you think you can make us withdraw casually with just one sentence? If you really want us to withdraw, you have to at least display a little strength that can make us withdraw!” Nortos smiled. After saying that, Nortos said, “I’m giving you this chance on account that we are also humans of the Blue Star. Otherwise, you would be a corpse now!”

Xu Tui suddenly sighed softly when he heard that. “Do you really want us to display it? I think that it’s better not to display it as we are both humans of the Blue Star.”

“Young man, I’ve already given you enough patience! Surrender or display something. After all, we’re all from the Blue Star!” Nortos said.

“I’m really giving you a chance!” Xu Tui had a serious expression.

As soon as he said that, Nortos, Wan Tong, Shamera, and the others laughed out loud. Was the Blue Star Human in front of them crazy? Or was he stalling for time?

“Lord Nortos, be careful of him stalling for time,” Shamera reminded him carefully.

“I know.”

“The last 30 seconds are your last chance to surrender! Otherwise, we will start an indiscriminate massacre!” Nortos’ expression turned cold. He activated the mind power around his body, and his aura suddenly became sharp.

“Indiscriminate massacre?” Xu Tui smiled. “Why don’t you defend with all your might and take my sword?”

Nortus raised his eyebrows. “Do I still need to defend with all my might to receive your sword?”

“Then why don’t we try? As long as you can receive it, we’ll surrender immediately,” Xu Tui said.

“Is this the step you want? As you wish!” Nortos laughed!