Chapter 1137 - 1137: One Sword And Your Own People

Chapter 1137: One Sword and Your Own People @@novelbin@@

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Your courage is commendable!” The flying sword under Xu Tui’s feet darted forward slightly. A flying sword suddenly flew out from behind him. “In that case, take my sword.”

As soon as Xu Tui’s flying sword appeared, Shamera, who was behind Nortos, suddenly shifted his gaze. His eyes suddenly revealed a hint of surprise.

This sword light and flying on a sword immediately reminded him of Xu Tui. Moreover, the possibility of the person in front of him being Xu Tui was very high. However, Shamera seemed to have thought of something. He did not say anything. Instead, he quietly watched Xu Tui, who had a flying sword circling above his head.

Nortos glanced at Xu Tui’s flying sword and carefully sensed the power aura, speed, and so on of the flying sword. His gaze instantly became a little surprised.

Those who could control a flying sword like this must have a background. Their talent should also be very shocking. In time, if they reached the peak of the quasi-planetary realm or the Planetary realm, they would definitely be able to threaten him.

But now, the other party was only at the Transmutation Realm. It was nothing. It was not threatening at all. With that thought, Nortos took a few steps forward and said confidentlv, “Then I’ll stand still and receive vour sword.

However, you have to keep your word!” “How should I address you?” Xu Tui asked.

“Nortos. ”

This name could be considered a standard name for a Westerner from the Blue Star. Xu Tui did not pay much attention to it when he heard it. He only said to the people behind him, “If Mr. Nortos is not seriously injured by my sword, surrender to him and listen to his orders.”

Nortos smiled when he heard that. The power under him could grow again. The five quasi-planets on the other side were already a small elite force. Of course, this was not because Nortos was childish. It was because of his confidence in his strength. Even if there was a trick, would the cat be able to escape if the lion played with it?

“If, if the gentleman opposite me can severely injure me, we’ll give up the Spirit I that we just captured.”

Xu Tui was very cunning, and Nortos was also very shrewd.

As for reputation? The promise of the strong in public was a form of credibility. Nortos was not worried that the other party would not keep their promise. If he kept his promise, he would accept all of them. If he did not keep his promise, he would just kill him. There was nothing to worry about.

Shamera’s eyes flickered behind Notos. He felt that something was wrong. He still understood Xu Tui and had been paying attention to him. There had been no news of him after he was rumored to have betrayed the Blue Star. However, his previous battle results had allowed him to defeat the strong as the weak in every battle.

What about this battle?

Shamera suddenly felt a little worried for Nortos. Should he remind Nortos? Shamera was a little hesitant. Just as Shamera was hesitating, Nortos had already raised a green energy defense barrier around him.

The green light of the green energy barrier surged like water. Outside the energy defense barrier, dozens of wind shields began to spin at high speed like vortex fans. Any attack that wanted to injure it would first be disturbed by his Wind Blade Shield.

Inside, Nortos raised his mental shield. Although he said that he did not care, he was actually very careful. On the path of cultivation, anyone who was careless would basically die on the road. They would not have the chance to become a Planetary realm powerhouse.

After setting up layers of defense, Nortos smiled and said, “I’m ready. Come, one strike!”

“Okay!”

A smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face, but it was a cold smile. He originally thought that this would be a bitter battle. He did not expect the enemy to give him such an easy opportunity.

“I’m ready. I’m going to attack!” Xu Tui reminded him generously. The flying sword circling above his head began to slowly accelerate. Everyone’s gazes were focused on the flying sword above Xu Tui’s head.

That included Yin Ba, Wen Shao, and the others behind Xu Tui. However, in the next moment, a small sword with darker colors suddenly flew out from behind Xu Tui’s head and slashed at Nortos at lightning speed.

God Slaying Sword!

The moment the aura of the God Slaying Sword appeared, Nortos’s expression changed.

The aura of this sword was much stronger than he had imagined.

Nortos, who had already been on full alert with his mind power, shifted his gaze. Dense green wind blades blasted towards the God Slaying Sword. As for the agreement, Nortos did not care because he felt a threat from this sword.

There was a strong threat!

However, the moment countless green wind blades slashed out, the dark-colored God Slaying Sword instantly disappeared into thin air.

Everyone who was staring at this scene was stunned.

DisaDDeared? What the hell!

In the next moment, the dark-colored God Slaying Sword appeared above Nortos’ head. Nortos, who had sensed it, became extremely terrified at this moment. A terrifying aura suddenly exploded. The God Slaying Sword slashed into Nortos’ head and disappeared.

At the same time, the green energy barrier and wind blade turbines around Nortos began to disintegrate.

Yes, disintegrate!

Shamera, who was watching the battle, widened his eyes. “Oh, God, this is not true?” Shamera looked terrified!

The people behind Xu Tui were not too surprised. They were just even more shocked. They had seen this scene the last time they were on the Planet Spiritual Sea. Xu Tui had killed the Mechanical Spirit Race’s elder, Yin San, with one strike.

They did not pay much attention that time. They only knew about this.

However, today, this scene was happening in front of them again. This was especially so for Yin Ba, Lavis, Yin Sanping, Yin Liujian, Yanzi, and Lang Ju. They were completely shocked.

He had killed a Planetary realm expert with one strike.

This kind of thing was shocking, but it was possible to prepare and pay a certain price if it erupted occasionally. However, when killing a Planetary realm powerhouse with one strike became the norm, it would be terrifying!

Today, surprisingly, Lavis did not nag about Dear Xu again. He did not dare to think about letting his dear Xu die in battle! Perhaps it was better for him that his dear Xu was alive.

Yin Ba was even more shocked. His new master, Xu Tui, really had the power to kill a Planetary realm powerhouse with one strike.

Suddenly, Yin Ba felt comfortable! It was worth it to surrender to such an expert. There was nothing to be humiliated about. He should serve him well, especially when the treatment was actually not bad.

Yanzi and Lang Ju’s expressions became even more complicated. Previously, their thoughts were to ask a tiger for its skin. Xu Tui was a tiger, but they were not weak either. If Xu Tui was a tiger, they were wolves, and they were leopards.

However, at this moment, Yanzi and Lang Ju suddenly realized that Xu Tui was not a tiger. He was a huge dragon. How were they going to get his skin? It seemed that their plans were gone.

Compared to before, The Myth was a little stunned. It was not until the aura around Nortos dissipated and he floated in space without any aura that they realized that he was dead.

The strongest of them, Lord Nortos, was actually dead! He was killed by the guy opposite him with a single strike! Some of them trembled in fear.

Some people were afraid!

However, Wan Tong, another Planetary realm powerhouse, instantly roared, “Everyone, defend. Prepare for battle!” If Nortos died, he, Wan Tong, would be the strongest. He would take over the position of the commander. This was his chance.

This roar also woke Shamera up. Almost instantly, Shamera made a decision. He suddenly darted forward, spread his arms, and shouted, “We’re on the same side! We’re on the same side!”

“Worldly, is that my Myth member, Worldly?” Shamera roared! Wan Tong was stunned. He seemed to have heard of the name Worldly.

Xu Tui was also stunned.

Old Sha.

That traitor, Old Sha!

The Myth? The team in front of him was actually from The Myth?

He actually met Old Sha here. Xu Tui hesitated for a moment. According to Xu

Tui’s plan, the pressure would be greatly reduced after he used the God Slaying

Sword to kill Nortos. It was much easier to deal with a Planetary realm powernouse on tne otner sloe.

After killing Nortos, Xu Tui was prepared to bring his subordinates and attack. He would kill this group of people and take as many captives as he could.

Xu Tui was a little hesitant now that Old Sha had jumped out.

Xu Tui knew Old Sha’s strength. He was very strong. Although his aura was at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm, he had the combat strength of the Planetary realm. This was especially so for an existence like Old Sha. He had fought his way out of a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood. His combat strength was definitely extraordinary.

Could he take it down without any damage? He might not be able to take it down. If there were another one or two existences like Old Sha on the other side, the losses this time would be hard to say!

Due to the fact that Nortos was a Planetary realm powerhouse from the supernatural being-type, Xu Tui had absorbed all the power in the God Slaying Sword. He had thought that it would be easy to deal with the remaining Planetary realm.

However, he did not expect Old Sha to be here!

In an instant, countless thoughts flashed through Xu Tui’s mind. In the end, he waved his hand slightly to stop the attacks of the people behind him.

Old Sha also heaved a sigh of relief. He took off his mask and shouted at Xu Tui,

“Worldly, Xu Tui, I am Old Sha.”

Wan Tong and the other members of The Myth were stunned. However, Wan Tong also heaved a sigh of relief. There was no need to risk his life. The fellow with the code name Worldly could kill Nortos with one strike. Who knew if he could kill him, Wan Tong, with another strike?

One of their own? It was quite good. He had to be one of them.

At this moment, Wan Tong was extremely impressed by Shamera. Old Sha, who used the code name of the God of Reproduction, Priapus, was really good at everything.

Half an hour later, an unprecedentedly dramatic scene appeared. The invaders and guards all sat in the square in front of the Spirit I’s base. In the middle was Nortos’s corpse. There was still fear on Notos’s corpse face.

Old Sha also felt a little awkward. They had acknowledged each other, but this matter was not easy to handle. It was mainly because Xu Tui’s sword was too sharp. Even if he was a little weaker, it would be good if he did not kill Nortos and severely injured him.

But then again, if Notos did not die, he would not have a chance. Moreover, after Nortos died in battle, the commander of their Myth Team would be taken over by another Planetary realm powerhouse, Wan Tong.

But now, because of his familiarity with Worldly, which was Xu Tui, he had unknowingly taken control.

Shamera was also a leader back then. If this matter was done well, he might be able to obtain the resources to break through to the Planetary realm in a short period of time. His accumulation was almost complete.

“Misunderstanding. This matter is a misunderstanding! However, this misunderstanding is a little big now. I need to ask the headquarters for instructions.” Old Sha decided on this matter.

“I also lack communication. If Nortos had revealed his identity earlier, there would not have been such a misunderstanding. After all, I am also a member of The Myth. However, before the higher-ups make a decision, for safety reasons, how about the rest of you temporarily move to Spirit Il?” Xu Tui said.

“No problem. This contact might take a few days. Boss should be on Mars now,” Shamera said.

The boss that Shamera mentioned was actually the Lord of Myths.

“Then, let’s do that. However, before there are any results, I hope that your people will not leave Spirit Il,” Xu Tui said to Old Sha.