Chapter 1134 - 1134: The Identity Of The Invader?

Chapter 1134: The Identity of the Invader?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Calmness was already Xu Tui’s basic quality. Even if something happened to Spirit I, even if something might have happened to Planet Spirit, even if Xu Tui was anxious and could not wait to fly back to Planet Spirit, he had to calm down.

Could it be that something had happened to Spirit I because of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s attack after Xu Tui’s repeated plunder?

That was a possibility!

If that was the case, how large would the Mechanical Spirit Race be? If it was really an attack of the Mechanical Spirit Race, then the power of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s attack here should not be too strong.

Yin Liu had been on Planet Spiritual Sea previously. If he wanted to return and lead a team to launch a surprise attack on Planet Spirit, he was in a hurry. If it was the Mechanical Spirit Race, then the greatest possibility was one to two Planetary realm experts. This was even if the Mechanical Spirit Race had hidden their strength.

If this was the scale of power, there was no need to worry too much about the safety of Planet Spirit.

However, what if the power to capture Spirit I was not the Mechanical Spirit Race?

Could it be the Spiritual Race?

Xu Tui’s hair instantly stood on end when he thought about the Spiritual Race. If it was an attack from the Spiritual Race, then Bu Qingqiu and the others who had stayed behind would probably…

The Planetary realm combat strength of the Spiritual Race was extremely strong. There was no need for much. Just Lei Hong alone would be able to wipe out the forces guarding Planet Spirit.

“Ah Huang, try to contact Planet Spirit.”

“I’m already contacting them. However, it’s rather far from Planet Spirit. It still needs time,” Ah Huang said.

“Tri Ling Ding, sense the locations of the low-level colonies that I asked you to remember. Are there any signs of activity?” Xu Tui asked.

Xu Tui wanted to prioritize confirming if the people on Planet Spirit were still alive. The antenna on Tri Ling Ding’s head kept swaying. In less than a minute, Tri Ling Ding gave Xu Tui an answer.

“The auras of the five low-level colonies that you asked me to remember are moving. The circulation speed is not intense,” Tri Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that. From Tri Ling Ding’s feedback, the people on Planet Spirit were at least still alive. If they were alive, they would have a chance. Under the circumstances that Spirit I was occupied, the fact that the people on Planet Spirit were still alive meant that the situation was not too bad. There was still time.

“Ah Huang, reach full speed. Mach 82.”

“Understood. The cruising speed has increased from Mach 70 to a secondary maximum speed of Mach 82. I estimate that all the fighter jets will need to be overhauled after we arrive,” Ah Huang said.

“Execute! Order, everyone, begin to adjust your state. Maintain your strength to its peak and be prepared to fight at any time.”

The atmosphere of the entire fleet instantly became solemn.

“Tri Ling Ding, when can you split into intermediate or high-level colonies?” Xu Tui looked at Tri Ling Ding solemnly after giving the order.

At the same time, his spiritual resonance also seeped into Tri Ling Ding’s body.

Just as Cai Shaochu had said, Tri Ling Ding had a long lifespan. He was definitely an old thing of the Ling Clan. It was smart enough to not die from old age. No matter when or where, Xu Tui had to remain 50% suspicious of Tri Ling Ding’s actions and explanations.

This was Cai Shaochu’s instructions. Xu Tui had been doing very well.

“Boss, I’m too weak now. It’s very difficult for me to split into high-level and intermediate-level colonies, let alone low-level colonies,” Tri Ling Ding said as it shook its skinny body.

Xu Tui frowned. Tri Ling Ding was not lying in his spiritual resonance. However, Tri Ling Ding did not seem to be telling the entire truth.

“I want you to split an intermediate colony and give it to me within a month,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as these words were spoken, Tri Ling Ding immediately exclaimed, “Boss, you should kill me! If I split into an intermediate-level split body now, I might directly degenerate.”

“I don’t have the ability to kill you, but I will bury you on an uninhabited planet. The Terry meteorite belt seems to be a better choice,” Xu Tui said.

In the past, Tri Ling Ding would pee its pants when Xu Tui threatened it with this move. It would usually submit. However, Tri Ling Ding became silent today.

“Boss, if you really don’t believe me, then bury me! I’ll wait for the day when I’ll be picked up by the fisherman again in the long river of time…”

Xu Tui raised his eyebrows. It seemed that this matter was indeed a little difficult.

Of course, he could not rule out the possibility that Tri Ling Ding was pretending to be mysterious. “100 grams of Origin Crystal?”

Tri Ling Ding remained silent. “300 grams of Origin Crystal?” Tri Ling Ding remained silent.

“500 grams of Origin Crystal?”

Tri Ling Ding remained silent after making this condition. Xu Tui was a little angry. “Tri Ling Ding, don’t be ungrateful. I’ve already offered this price. If you can’t split into mid- to high-level colonies, what’s the point of having a piece of trash like you? I might as well bury you!”

“Boss, it’s not that I don’t know what’s good for me! Our Ling Clan only splits the physical body and a little of the mental body when we split into low-level colonies. These mental bodies were just a mark. However, the mid- to high-level colonies held great importance in the mental body, the physical body is secondary.

“It was equivalent to taking away a portion of my mental body.

Intermediate-level colonies would split at least 20% of my mental body, while high-level colonies would split at least 50% of my mental body. I had split off from my old body previously and had consumed a lot of my mental body.

“At this moment, let alone recovering, I haven’t even recovered from my injuries. If I forcefully split again, I might fall into a deep sleep.” Tri Ling Ding cried out.

The mental body was the key? @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had a headache.

The mental body seemed to be extremely important to the various races in the universe, no matter which race it was. Now, Xu Tui’s understanding of the Spiritual Race and the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Spiritual Planets was a little different.

Its value was much more important than he had imagined.

Xu Tui thought about it and took out the half-filled Silver Box of Spirit that he had seized on the Planet Spiritual Sea.

“You know about this thing. It’s considered half here. I’ll give it to you. Split up a high-level colony that can be contacted remotely,” Xu Tui said.

This Silver Spirit Box clearly tempted Tri Ling Ding. However, Tri Ling Ding shook his head crazily when he heard Xu Tui’s request.

“Boss, I really can’t. Even if you give me this half of the silver box, it’s only good enough for me to barely split into an intermediate colony. That would add to my injuries. Oh, yes, it would cost at least 300 grams of Origin Crystals. Don’t even think about a high-level colony,” Tri Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui frowned. Intermediate-level colonies had a certain level of communication ability, but they were still very weak. Only high -level colonies were useful. It was just like how the communication disk of the Spiritual Race was embedded with high-level colonies of other Ling.

“How much is enough to split into high-level colonies?” Xu Tui asked.

“At least 10 complete Silver Spirit Boxes and 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals,” Tri Ling Ding said.

“You really dare to ask for too much.” Xu Tui sneered.

“Boss, I really tried my best! Think about it. What would happen to you if half of your mental body split? Although I had only split half of my mental body, I might have lost more than 60% of my mental body because of the multiple consumption of my memories. It’s true!” Tri Ling Ding said.

“Then why can the Spiritual Race use your high-level colonial system to form many communication disks?” Xu Tui asked.

“Time.” Tri Ling Ding suddenly let out a long sigh. “My body on the moon could also split into high-level colonies before it split here. They probably captured a few guys like me from the Ling Clan.”

This time, Xu Tui was helpless. Whether it was the spiritual resonance or the information reflected by his mental perception, Tri Ling Ding was not lying. These words should be the truth.

After considering it for three seconds, Xu Tui threw the half Silver Spirit Box and 300 grams of Origin Crystals to Tri Ling Ding. “How long will it take to give me an intermediate colony?

“Five days!”

“Alright. You should be able to make some basic responses between the intermediate colony and your main body, right? I remember you saying that people who have the ability to communicate with their consciousness can affect your intermediate colony to make some reactions, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, Boss.”

“As soon as possible, then.”

Although intermediate colonies could not directly communicate with people, there were many ways to respond with these basic responses. Humans on the Blue Star hundreds of years ago had a lot of fun with this communication method.

“Ah Huang, contact Planet Spirit or wake me up immediately if you notice anything.”

“Understood.”

Then, Xu Tui gently patted An Xiaoxue’s slender hand. He took a deep breath and entered a meditative state. In less than a minute, Xu Tui entered a deep sleep.

Xu Tui’s mind power had been maintained at about 50% during his cultivation over the past few days. He had to recover his mind power to the extreme to deal with future crises.

It was worth mentioning that Xu Tui had built at least one internal circulation channel of the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain every day during the 40-odd days of the return journey.

The total amount of mind power had increased by another 50% compared to when he fought Yin Ba on Planet Spiritual Sea. Compared to when he left Planet Spirit in February, Xu Tui’s mind power had more than doubled.

The most intuitive thing was that the size of Xu Tui’s mental body’s star core had doubled. Under introspection, it looked a little solid and heavy.

The connection between Ah Huang and the Planet Spirit was a little difficult.

This was because the Mechanical Spirit Race had previously set up a strong magnetic field on Spirit I and the surrounding satellites. This way, they could effectively hide Planet Spirit.

After Xu Tui and the others captured Planet Spirit and Spirit I, they activated the strong magnetic field established by the Mechanical Spirit Race. It was still to hide the existence of Planet Spirit and reduce the number of fleets that were accidentally passed by.

As long as they touched a strong magnetic field, the first reaction of most fleets was to stay away and struggle.

Otherwise, they would have died if they could not escape.

This was a benefit.

However, the disadvantage was that the communication between the fleet and Planet Spirit was also affected by this strong magnetic field. The closer the distance, the smaller the impact of this strong magnetic field.

The fleet kept moving at high speed toward Spirit I. Ah Huang also kept contacting Planet Spirit.

This situation lasted for a full eight hours. When they were still half a day away from Spirit I and Planet Spirit, Ah Huang, who had been waiting, suddenly perked up and woke Xu Tui up.

“Xu Tui, I’ve contacted them.”

Xu Tui, who was sleeping, slowly opened his eyes. His eyes were as bright as the stars. That was a sign of powerful mind power.

The person he contacted was Bu Qingqiu. Due to the unstable signal, the two sides had the most efficient communication in the shortest time possible. It was a fleet that had invaded Spirit I.

According to Xu Tui’s orders before he left, if Spirit I encountered any external forces, he would order Yin Wushu, who was guarding Spirit I, to quickly retreat to Planet Spirit.

Yin Wushu had carried out this very thoroughly. When the invasion fleet was still far away, he immediately evacuated Spirit I. However, a day ago, the invasion fleet still discovered Planet Spirit.

They also sent a reconnaissance team.

Planet Spirit had already entered a defensive state. According to Xu Tui’s strategic requirements, they would defend the fortress to the death. However, Bu Qingqiu had also made some observations when the reconnaissance personnel of the invaders were investigating the Planet Spirit.

Bu Qingqiu realized that the scouts who invaded the fleet were humans from the Blue Star.

This discovery stunned Xu Tui.

The invaders were humans from the Blue Star?

Was this the counterattack and revenge of Dawn Salvation?

If it was Dawn Salvation…