Chapter 1131 - 1131: Contingency And Fury

Chapter 1131: Contingency and Fury

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The first to be breached by Ah Huang in the Far Light Base was the ecological planting base. A large number of unmanned machines rushed in. It looked spectacular, but it was very difficult for the drone to pick vegetables and catch chickens. Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and the others looked anxious.

“Sigh, that chicken ran away again!”

If Xu Tui’s face had not darkened, Qu Qingshan would have taken action.

“Commander, why don’t…” Wen Shao could not help but say. It had been more than half a year. He was either hungry or had Energy Potions. There were also the various cans and compressed food that he had received previously.

Xu Tui glanced coldly at Wen Shao. Wen Shao quickly shut his mouth. Following recent developments, Xu Tui’s prestige in the regiment became more and more powerful.

“The warehouse is about to open.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

“Split half of the drones to the warehouse. Search the warehouse. Prioritize transporting the important resources in the warehouse,” Xu Tui ordered. Xu Tui thought about it and threw out a few Origin Crystal Powder. He activated his mind nower and slowlv flew toward the warehouse arem The

precision of searching with a drone was not particularly high, especially when it came to searching for items without any obvious characteristics.

The Purple Star Crystals that Xu Tui was looking for here did not form a characteristic library in the drone database. Xu Tui still had to search for them himself.

Thirty seconds later, the Origin Crystal powder controlled by Xu Tui flew into the warehouse. He used Energy Teleportation and instantly activated his mental perception in the warehouse. Then, Xu Tui began to search the warehouses remotely.

At the same time, Ah Huang’s voice sounded again. “Xu Tui, there is an unknown communication request. Do you want to connect?”

These words made Xu Tui’s face turn red. He had already turned on the quantum jammer. How could there be communication access? The Dawn Salvation’s control method of controlling this place was much more powerful than Xu Tui had imagined.

“Ah Huang, what other method can connect to this place when the quantum jammer is activated?” Xu Tui asked.

“There are several kinds. Through physical means, close-range gangplanks, or special carriers,” Ah Huang said.

“How long will it take to find it?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

“This… I’m afraid it will take a few days with the current equipment and personnel,” Ah Huang said hesitantly.

Xu Tui felt a little helpless when he heard that. As expected of the Dawn Salvation. This kind of trump card was awesome.

“Put him through.”

Almost at the same time, a communication projection was placed in front of Xu Tui. Opposite him was a man wearing oversized sunglasses. He was sitting in a chair and looking at Xu Tui leisurely.

However, he was stunned when he saw Xu Tui. “Xu Tui? It’s you?” @@novelbin@@

“You know me? Who are you from Dawn Salvation?”

“The one you’re looking for!”

“Aurora?” Xu Tui glanced at the captive, Caniel. He had only asked Caniel about Aurora’s whereabouts. Canniel was under Xu Tui’s control, so how did Aurora Imow?

“Don’t be surprised. Our Dawn Salvation is in the lead in this aspect, not to mention the Blue Star.” Aurora said.

“So what if you’re in the lead? You Dawn Salvation will always be rats that can’t see the light of day!”

“Hehe, who knows! By the way, Xu Tui, to be honest, you can appear here and bring so many quasi-planetary and Mechanical Spirit Race’s battleships into the Terry meteorite belt. You’re more powerful than we thought. Are you interested in joining our Dawn Salvation? I’m not warning you. I’m just reminding you not to underestimate our Dawn Salvation!”

“Don’t underestimate you?” Xu Tui suddenly sneered. “Aurora, send me your location if you have the guts. I’ll look for you! If you dare to send it, I won’t look down on you. I’ll even give you a thumbs-up!” Aurora was stunned and shook his head.

“You wouldn’t dare, would you?” Aurora smiled. “Really. Last chance. Join us. We’ll give you a wider world.”

“A rat with a wider world?”

Aurora shook his head. “Xu Tui, you are too ignorant. Dawn Salvation is far from what you imagined…” At this point, Aurora suddenly laughed. “Alright, there’s no need for me to waste my breath. Since you’re unwilling to join, there’s no possibility of you knowing. Xu Tui, goodbye!”

Aurora suddenly made a goodbye gesture.

Xu Tui suddenly smiled when he heard that. He looked at Aurora, who was making a goodbye gesture, and suddenly enlarged the communication image. “Aurora, I’m very curious. What are your trump cards? We are now ten kilometers away from the Far Light Base. Yes, we are in the air!”

In the image, Aurora’s smiling face suddenly had a change. However, the image also froze. A loud explosion suddenly sounded from the Far Light Base below.

The entire Far Light Base instantly turned into a sea of fire. It was not just the Far Light Base. The area within three kilometers of the base turned into a sea of fire. The flames and energy shockwave soared five to six thousand meters into the sky.

Even though they were ten kilometers away from the ground, everyone still felt waves of energy impact under their feet.

Everyone present was too familiar with the waves of energy impact.

Three-phase thermal bomb!

And there was definitely more than one!

Ah Huang, who was leaning against Xu Tui, also had lingering fears. “This Dawn Salvation is too crazy! There are more than 100 of their captives in the base. These were all their members and living people. This base had self-destructed just like that! Look at this energy fluctuation point. Five three-phase thermal bombs. At least five three-phase thermal bombs were activated!”

The more Ah Huang spoke, the angrier it became. If Xu Tui had been a little careless, all the people today would have died in the Far Light Base.

None of them could survive!

Under the explosion of five three-phase thermal bombs at the same time, coupled with the chain reaction triggered by the various energy reactors and ammunition in the Far Light Base, even three to four Planetary realm experts would be killed, let alone five to six quasi-planetary experts.

How ruthless!

As for the captives or surviving personnel, they were not within Aurora’s consideration.

However, this was in line with Dawn Salvation’s style. This method was very Dawn Salvation.

Everyone around him looked at the sea of fire below and trembled. Wen Shao’s forehead was covered in cold sweat. If Xu Tui really allowed him to go down and catch chickens, he would have turned into ashes with the chickens. He did not even have the chance to turn into a roasted chicken.

“Ah Huang, what did you get from the warehouse?”

“We’ve already taken out the Origin Crystals. As for the crystals you specified, because we discovered them late, the transportation ability of the drone is limited. We only took out a small portion,” Ah Huang said.

“Only a small portion?” Xu Tui was instantly stunned. He casually waved his hand and took the crystal that he had just mentioned with his mind power. Then, he handed it to Yanzi. “Is this a Purple Star Crystal?” Xu Tui asked.

Yanzi only glanced at it before saying in shock, “Yes! This is a Purple Star Crystal. The materials are complete, but this material is a little larger. How much did you get?”

The next moment, Xu Tui stomped his feet in frustration. “Aurora, you ruined my plan! ”

In the warehouse, Xu Tui found dozens of boxes of Purple Star Crystals.

However, he had only taken out five boxes just now. That was only one-tenth. At this moment, the surprise of finding the Purple Star Crystal was completely washed away by the depression.

At the same time, in the mysterious base in the distance, Aurora’s virtual projection slammed the table and stood up. “How did you do the reconnaissance? Who leaked the news? Why did they hide out of the base in advance?”

As soon as Aurora lost his temper, the members in the base did not dare to breathe loudly. They lowered their heads and stood there, not daring to make a sound.

However, Aurora quickly realized something.

This matter had little to do with the people in the base.

He had thought that he would definitely be able to destroy the enemy. He did not expect that he would not be able to destroy an enemy and would even destroy a complete base that had been built and operated for many years.

If he had known this would happen, he would not have used this trump card. There might have been a possibility of taking back the base.

“Activate all the backup detection methods we brought with us at the Terry meteorite belt.. I want to know their movements in the shortest time possible! I want revenge! If you destroy the base of our Dawn Salvation, you have to withstand our anger!”