Chapter 1138 - 1138: Little Thoughts

Chapter 1138: Little Thoughts

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There were two paths in front of Xu Tui.

The first was to seize the time to purify a few more Silver Boxes of Spirit and fill the God Slaying Sword again in the next few days.

As long as the God Slaying Sword Restoration was restored and Xu Tui killed Wan Tong, another Planetary realm powerhouse from The Myth, this battle would be settled.

At that time, he would kill the others. @@novelbin@@

As for Old Sha, on account of their past friendship, it would be fine if he was captured. He would give him a chance. In any case, Xu Tui did not owe Old Sha anything. But Old Sha owed Xu Tui half a life.

The second path was to cooperate with The Myth or something else.

Xu Tui thought about these two paths for a long time.

The first path seemed to be the easiest. After killing The Myth’s team, on the surface, the secret of Planet Spirit would be preserved, and the pioneer raiders would continue to develop wretchedly.

However, perhaps because there were many people, even though Old Sha did not communicate much with Xu Tui, he still revealed a lot of information through his private mental communication.

This allowed Xu Tui to determine a very important information point.

The Myth team led by Nortos did not discover Spirit I while they were strolling in space. Instead, they charged towards Spirit I from the beginning. They even knew the names of Spirit I and Planet Spirit.

This could determine a very important information point—The Myth might be colluding with the Mechanical Spirit Race. It might be a little harsh to say that they were colluding. The Myths might have cooperated with the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The Myth team should be external reinforcements invited by the Mechanical Spirit Race.

With this judgment, it was very clear which path to choose. If they stalled for time and wiped out this team, they would not be able to leave. Even if they completely wiped out The Myth, The Myth would still know about Planet Spirit. Moreover, if he did that, his relationship with The Myth would be completely broken. He might become a mortal enemy.

To be honest, even though Xu Tui had joined The Myth for various reasons, he did not have a sense of belonging to The Myth.

Xu Tui had encountered Dawn Salvation previously and The Myth today. He suddenly realized something.

As the Blue Star humans stepped into the asteroid belt, the feelers of the Blue Star humans had already begun to spread like a virus in the asteroid belt. Dawn Salvation and The Myth were at the forefront of exploration.

Xu Tui did not want to fight The Myth to the death. Moreover, The Myth had already become one of the official organizations recognized by the Blue Star. Therefore, it was impossible to hide Planet Spirit.

Planet Spirit would definitely be exposed to the public in the future. If The Myth knew, the others would know that it was not far away.

What Xu Tui had to do now was to increase his strength.

Strength was the final confidence!

If Xu Tui had not killed Nortos with his sword today, today would have been another outcome. Xu Tui might not even have the right to negotiate with The Myth. He could only escape.

After all the members of The Myth had moved to Spirit Il, Xu Tui did not stay behind to guard Spirit I. He only handed it over to Ah Huang for monitoring. Then, he brought the main group back to the first main base of Planet Spirit.

When the battleship fleet landed at the first main base, Xu Tui realized that the Spirit Queen, who was originally living on a small mountain in the distance, was quickly rushing over.

This scene fell into Xu Tui’s eyes.

The interior of Planet Spirit was not as stable as he had imagined. “Is it resolved?” Bu Qingqiu was the first to welcome him.

“It’s resolved.”

Bu Qingqiu finally heaved a sigh of relief when Xu Tui gave an affirmative answer. Over the past two days, Bu Qingqiu had broken out in a cold sweat, especially when she realized that there was a Planetary realm powerhouse among the scouts.

They simply distributed a portion of the resources, mainly Origin Crystals for cultivation. It could be considered as boosting morale. This time, even if Wen Shao and Qu Qingshan did not strongly request it, Xu Tui had still asked them to use the ingredients they had seized to hold a barbecue party tonight.

It could be considered a celebration party.

Overall, he had gained a lot from going out in February until now. If The Myth had not invaded Spirit I, this would have been a perfect expedition. Now, he had returned with a full load, but he still had to face unknown danger.

After cleaning up the mess, Xu Tui immediately called Wei Cang over. Other than strength, Wei Cang was also a communication techy.

“We got many components from the Tower Asteroid this time. You’ve checked them just now, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’ve examined it.”

“Then let me ask you. How long will it take to build a large-scale ultra-long-range communication tower? I want to contact the Huaxia Sector of the Manut asteroid,” Xu Tui asked.

“I’ve checked the key materials and accessories. They’re all there. However, there’s another very important thing if we want to build them,” Wei Cang said.

“What is it?”

“Energy! The energy consumption of the ultra-long-range communication tower is extremely high. There has to be a large amount of energy supply. The commander-in-chief said that there are too many projects being built at the base at the moment. There’s a serious lack of energy. It needs time…” Wei Cang said.

The so-called commander-in-chief of Wei Cang was Ah Huang. At the same time, Ah Huang, who was arranging various matters in the Command Hall of the main base, suddenly let out a sigh. “Useless teammate!”

Just as Ah Huang was lamenting, Xu Tui’s communication device had already received Ah Huang’s call. “Can you solve the problem of the energy supply of the large-scale communication tower that is connected to the Manut asteroid?” Xu Tui asked.

“Give me some time. I can solve it,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui looked at Wei Cang when he heard that. “How long will it take for your large-scale communication tower to require energy intervention?”

“Three days. We’ll need it three days later, and it will gradually increase,” Wei Cang said.

“Ah Huang, can you solve the problem in three days? Can you guarantee it?” Xu Tui asked.

Ah Huang was an advanced artificial intelligence with a spirit. It could already hear the hostility in Xu Tui’s tone. It quickly nodded and agreed. “Even if the other projects stop working, they will guarantee the energy consumption of the communication tower.”

“Do whatever you want.” Xu Tui was saying this to Wei Cang. After Wei Cang left, Xu Tui gently knocked on Ah Huang’s clone’s head. “Don’t have any crooked thoughts! I know what you’re thinking, but there are some things and feelings that you don’t understand.”

Ah Huang had a defeated expression. Xu Tui had discovered his thoughts. “Don’t always have the idea of guarding the house. You far exceed us humans in some aspects, but in some aspects, you are still very young! Do you understand?”

In the control center, Ah Huang nodded, not understanding.

After scolding Ah Huang, Xu Tui instantly rode his sword and flew straight to the small mountain where the Spirit Queen was.

Xu Tui hovered above the Spirit Queen’s head on his sword. He looked coldly at the Spirit Queen. The Spirit Queen swayed her huge single eye, as if she was a little afraid.

“Have you seen the battle video I gave you just now?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, yes!” The Spirit Queen nodded her head like a chick pecking at grains. There was even a hint of fear in her eyes.

Xu Tui’s so-called battle video was actually the video of him killing Yin San and Nortos when he used the God Slaying Sword. He had killed a Planetary realm powerhouse with one strike. The fear of the Spirit Queen could be imagined.

This was f*cking scary! He could even kill a Planetary realm expert with one strike. What about her?

“Don’t have any ulterior motives in the future!” The Spirit Queen almost knelt down when she heard Xu Tui’s warning.

“Alright, bring me to your Land of Inheritance..”