Chapter 1132 - 1132: Here Again

Chapter 1132: Here Again

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Ah Huang, how much information did you obtain from the Control Center of the Far Light Base?” Xu Tui had a solemn expression as he looked at the seething sea of fire and the dust that soared into the sky.

“The time is too short. I only obtained about 15% of the information,” Ah Huang replied.

“Search it and see if there is any key information you need,” Xu Tui said.

“The Far Light Base is only a core. According to the current information trajectory and number, there are more than forty resource bases controlled by the Far Light Base. There were resources from all kinds of metals to rare materials, water, and Origin Crystals. However, in the information we obtained, there are only eight locations related to resource bases. However, three of these eight resource bases are related to Origin Crystals,” Ah Huang said.

“Then, is there any information on the source of the Purple Star Crystals?” Xu Tui asked after a few seconds of silence.

“None!” Ah Huang shook its head. “There should be records in the database of their control center, but the time is too short. The information we obtained is too little.”

He was a little depressed.

Not a single captive was left.

Caniel, who had been captured previously, did not rise into the air due to his worry. Instead, he was placed on the ground to help carry the supplies. He had also turned into ashes from the self-destruction of the base just now. All traces of the Far Light Base had been cleaned up in this self-destruction.

“Are there any traces of Dawn Salvation’s other bases?” Dawn Salvation was in the asteroid belt. There must be other bases. Otherwise, their reaction would not be so fast.

“No.” Ah Huang shook its head. “However, there are a few suspicious location markers in the data we obtained. Whether they are the other bases of Dawn Salvation, we still need to verify them.”

“Yanzi, can the Purple Star Crystal be completely destroyed by the three-phase thermal bomb?” Xu Tui suddenly asked Yanzi.

“No, but the Purple Star Crystal will melt at extreme temperatures. Then, the

Purple Star Crystal will have an extremely high fusion ability. The Purple Star Crystals in the warehouse below are very likely to fuse with the other melted metal substances. It will be very, very difficult to separate them again,” Yanzi said.

Xu Tui nodded and took a deep breath. “Let’s go.”

This was Xu Tui’s first battle with Dawn Salvation in the asteroid belt. He had a huge victory on the surface and Dawn Salvation had self-destructed the Far Light Base. Xu Tui obtained the Purple Star Crystal. @@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui still felt a little uncomfortable.

This battle was a little lacking.

Next, Xu Tui brought the fleet and headed straight for the eight coordinate resource celestial bodies that Ah Huang had obtained.

However, every time, he missed.

By the time Xu Tui rushed over, these resource bodies of all sizes were already empty.

Xu Tui and the others stayed for a longer time on the first resource celestial body that produced a variety of metals and rare materials. The base on this resource celestial body activated self-destruction again.

The Dawn Salvation organization had tighter control over their subordinates than Xu Tui had expected. They had more methods.

In the end, Xu Tui could only bring his men and quickly leave the Terry meteorite belt.

After the destruction of the Far Light Base and the death of the Planetary realm commander of the Far Light Base, Arodi, Dawn Salvation still had such strong control over the various resource bases in the Terry meteorite belt. Then, how much power did Dawn Salvation have in the Terry meteorite belt?

Or rather, would Dawn Salvation bring a large number of elite forces to the Terry meteorite belt in a short period of time?

Xu Tui was very worried about this.

The Mechanical Spirit Race could be underestimated, but Dawn Salvation could not be underestimated.

Xu Tui searched for the resource planets in the Terry meteorite belt but to no avail. He quickly led his men and evacuated the Terry meteorite belt. Actually, Xu Tui was still very interested in the resource planet that Dawn Salvation had brought along with the Terry meteorite.

This was because in those two minutes at the Far Light Base, the things that the drones and robots transported the most were the Origin Crystals in the base.

The Far Light Base of Dawn Salvation was much richer than Xu Tui had imagined.

The Origin Crystals transported out of the Far Light Base were as high as 24,000 grams.

This was more than the combined gains from Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea. This meant that Dawn Salvation had Origin Crystals to mine in the Terry meteorite than Xu Tui knew. They were all top-notch rich mines.

Otherwise, it was impossible for the Far Light Base to have so many Origin Crystals.

This was because according to the instructions of the captive, Caniel, the resources in the Far Light Base were usually transported once every one to two months.

A portion of the Far Light Base was for his own use, and a portion of it was transported out through the fleet. However, he did not know where it was transported to.

Xu Tui had also thought about searching the Terry meteorite belt on a large scale. He would definitely be able to find those Origin Crystal mines.

However, there were tens of thousands of celestial bodies of various sizes in the Terry meteorite belt. With Xu Tui’s current manpower, it might take years to finish the search. During this time, he would have to face the counterattack of Dawn Salvation at any time.

Therefore, Xu Tui gave up. Since he had returned to his previous thoughts, he would continue to develop wretchedly.

In that instant, Xu Tui gained some understanding.

Why did he have to mine it himself? There are no guns or cannons. The enemy is sending those to us. The asteroid had brought all kinds of people here. If his strength increased, he would definitely gain a lot. He would plunder the enemy while developing and improving himself.

In just an instant, the prototype of the idea of the Worldly Pirates appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

This was an idea that was dancing on the tip of a knife. The most important prerequisite was strength. Without strength, they could die in the sea of stars at any time!

Xu Tui was not the only one who wanted to be strong. The others also wanted to be strong.

Therefore, Xu Tui once again obtained a lot of spoils of war on the way back. Other than 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals per person, Xu Tui also gave a purified Silver Box of Spirit to Yan Lie, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and Yin Liulong.

Their strength also entered a period of rapid improvement.

However, Xu Tui did not use up the Silver Spirit Box.

He had obtained a total of twenty-nine silver boxes last time, as well as the remaining two. Along the way, Xu Tui had rewarded four of the eleven spirit boxes. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had split the remaining nine Silver Spirit Boxes to five and four. They had used them all to increase their strength.

The rest had to be used to replenish the consumption of the God Slaying Sword.

“Xu Tui, are we going to return to Tower Asteroid directly?” Ah Huang asked on the way back.

“No, let’s go to Planet Spiritual Cabin again.”

“Go to Planet Spiritual Cabin again?” Ah Huang did not understand Xu Tui’s strategy.

“We’ve been away from Planet Spiritual Cabin for almost a month. It’ll be another twenty days before we arrive. The Origin Crystals on Planet Spiritual Cabin are still operating. We can harvest another wave,” Xu Tui said.

“Is it possible for the Mechanical Spirit Race to dig a hole for us?” Wen Shao was rather cautious.

“The horns on your head have grown for nothing!” Qu Qingshan directly argued with Wen Shao. “Think about it. There are only three Planetary realm experts left in the Mechanical Spirit Race. Even if they have hidden strength, would they dare to secretly hide on Planet Spiritual Cabin and dig a hole for us? In that case, they might as well launch an attack on Planet Spirit.’ Qu Qingshan’s words made Xu Tui’s pupils constrict.

Attack Planet Spirit!

That was really possible! However, could the Mechanical Spirit Race really mobilize all their strength to launch a surprise attack on Planet Spirit?

Xu Tui doubted this.

Unless the information that Yanzi and Yin Ba had told him was fake.

From the looks of it, as the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race disappeared one after another, the Spiritual Race’s control over the Mechanical Spirit Race might increase.

Therefore, he had to take it to heart that the Mechanical Spirit Race had launched a surprise attack on Planet Spirit. He had to be on guard, but he could not be too nervous.

Therefore, Xu Tui finally decided to continue turning to the Planet Spiritual Cabin. He did not return directly.

Of course, there was another reason why Xu Tui decided to switch to Planet Spiritual Cabin.

Tail!

He had to eliminate any possible tails. If he was followed by Dawn Salvation and found the Planet Spirit, Xu Tui was certain that the Planet Spirit would be destroyed soon. There were too many ways to destroy the Planet Spirit by the unscrupulous methods of Dawn Salvation.

On the way, it was as Xu Tui had expected.

Xu Tui sent out Yin Liulong and Lavis. He hid in the path of their fleet. In a few hours, they encountered a quasi-planet. Unfortunately, the quasi-planet of Dawn Salvation was very alert and escaped.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. His tail had been broken. The reason why he had such thoughts was mainly because Dawn Salvation’s reaction was too fast when he was in the Terry meteorite belt.

They missed every resource base.

It made Xu Tui extremely vigilant.

He did not expect there to be a tail!

At another base in the asteroid belt, Aurora, who was personally commanding the tracking and revenge plan, suddenly received a message. “They discovered us? The other party was already prepared? Did you lose him?” This news made Aurora’s expression extremely gloomy.

Dawn Salvation had never suffered such a huge loss in the extra-terrestrial. He directly self-destructed a distant base that he had been running for many years. This matter could not end just like that.

After many contacts, Aurora, who had received a few messages, suddenly smiled.

“Hehe, there’s actually such a thing. If that’s the case, this matter will be fun. Xu Tui shouldn’t have thought of this, right?”

May 19th.

In the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, on Planet Kono, the leader of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin Er, had just flown out of the forward operating base. He was depressed. Originally, the disappearance of Yin Ba and Yin Qi had been fooled through various methods and designs. The Spiritual Race had also acknowledged them.

It was also unlucky to encounter the Great Xi Clan.

However, he did not expect Yin San to be gone again.

This time, he could not hide it anymore.

Neither Lei Tian nor Lei Qian was a fool in the Spiritual Race. On the contrary, they were extremely shrewd. Just today, they had their doubts. They gave the order to review the elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

This gave Yin Er a headache.

It was really a rainy night. It was not easy to fool the Spiritual Race. Even if he could pass, he would probably have to use a lot of his hidden strength to make up for it.

However, even so, he had to fill it in!

If they could not satisfy Lei Tian and express enough loyalty, the future of the Mechanical Spirit Race would be troublesome. After returning to the defensive satellite of Planet Kono on duty, Yin Er immediately began to contact Yin Wu and the surviving Yin Liu.

Yin Er frowned when he thought of Yin Liu.

There were internal and external problems. However, just as he opened the private communication center, Yin Er received a cry from his subordinate. “Second Elder, they, that group of bandits are here again! They’re here again!”