Chapter 1130 - 1130: Self-Destruction Program

Chapter 1130: Self-destruction Program

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Seven against one.

Was there any suspense?

The answer was no.

Xu Tui had five quasi-planetary experts and two Transmutation Realm experts, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue. However, in reality, An Xiaoxue had also surpassed an ordinary Transmutation Realm in terms of lethality, let alone Xu Tui.

Among the others, Lavis was already a late-stage quasi-planetary powerhouse. Moreover, Arodi had suffered a concentrated fire after Xu Tui’s Lesser Powerful God Slaying Sword was severely injured.

In just a minute, the Planetary realm powerhouse, Arodi, let out an indignant roar.

However, even his furious roar stopped.

Xu Tui felt that when Arodi was about to reach a dead end, he gave him another Small God Slaying Sword.

This sword had filled 30% of Xu Tui’s mind power.

Xu Tui did not dare to be careless. No one dared to be careless when facing a Planetary realm powerhouse in a desperate situation. Once they were careless, a Planetary realm powerhouse in a desperate situation might take away one or two people.

This was very likely. Which Planetary realm powerhouse of the Blue Star Humans who could cultivate to the Planetary realm, especially those who liked to hide their trump cards, did not have some trump cards?

Arodi actually had a backup plan. He was also prepared to erupt. However, Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword had shaken his mental body. That was all.

The explosive damage of Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword, which had 30% of his mind power, caused Arodi’s mental body to tremble for less than a second. Under the concentrated fire again, Arodi was completely over.

Under everyone’s relentless attacks, Arodi was blasted into pieces. Half of his head was gone.

Xu Tui panted and quickly used the Condensation Technique. This was not a mind power Origin Crystal obtained by a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Mechanical Spirit Race after using the condensation technique. It was a very precious resource.

Arodi had contributed two mind power Origin Crystals to Xu Tui. They did not

exceed three grams, but it was still a considerable gain.

Unfortunately, he only found 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals in Arodi’s liquid metal backpack.

As for the other two quasi-planets that had been killed, Xu Tui was a little depressed. He realized that the quasi-planetary realm powerhouses that he had killed with his Small God Slaying Sword only condensed a few grams of mind power Origin Crystals.

Not far away, Yan Lie was carrying another Transmutation Realm captive. This was the one who had been left alive.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to interrogate the captive. Instead, he activated the God Slaying Sword in the red fire slip again. In a few seconds, pure mind power circulated back into Xu Tui’s body from the God Slaying Sword.

It allowed Xu Tui to reach an extremely low-level mind power and quickly recover.

In the battle just now, Xu Tui had used the Small God Slaying Sword four times in a row. He had consumed 95% of his mind power.

It could be said that it was about to run out.

Xu Tui would not have dared to use the last strike if he did not have the confidence of the God Slaying Sword. The ability of the God Slaying Sword to store mind power was the effect of another God Slaying Sword that Xu Tui had accidentally discovered.

During the process of comprehending the God Slaying Sword, Xu Tui had accidentally discovered that the mind power that he had sent into the God Slaying Sword could be drawn back to quickly replenish his energy.

Xu Tui had been a little afraid when he first discovered it. He was afraid that the various negative powers and chaotic memories contained in the God Slaying Sword would affect his mental body.

However, after several attempts, Xu Tui realized that he could only retract his mind power from the God Slaying Sword. He could use it to quickly recover his mind power.

It had to be said that the God Slaying Sword that he had obtained from Fuqiang last time was quite useful to Xu Tui.

Not only did it allow Xu Tui to comprehend and learn the Small God Slaying Sword, but it could also store a large amount of mind power.

Currently, it could store three of Xu Tui’s mind power. It could be said to be a massive amount.

Xu Tui felt that the function of the God Slaying Sword was much stronger than the red fire slip. Compared to the God Slaying Sword, the red fire slip was trash.

Red Fire Slip: Oh my god, without my support, the God Slaying Sword is nothing!

Xu Tui could not hear it.

Two minutes later, when Xu Tui’s mind power had recovered to 50%, he began to forcefully hypnotize and interrogate the captive.

The confession he obtained was the same as Caniel’s previous confession, especially the description of the Far Light Base.

“Commander, how should we deal with these four Aerospace Combat Jets?” Yan Lie asked.

“Ah Huang, try and see if you can hack into and rewrite the control program,” Xu Tui said to Ah Huang on his wrist.

A minute later, Ah Huang frowned and said, “There’s a very strange protective program. It requires multiple safety verifications to pass at the same time. There’s no way to bypass it for the time being, but I can forcefully break through and rewrite their control program.”

“You can only break through by force?” Xu Tui frowned.

“Yes, or let the captive try,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui looked at the two captives and shook his head. He had fought with Dawn Salvation several times. He did not know much about the organization, but he had experienced the ruthlessness of this organization.

Therefore, the two captives were wearing mind power-shielded Helmets.

Xu Tui did not dare to give them the trust to control the fighter jet. In their madness, there was a possibility that these two guys would die with them. He could give up on the four Aerospace Combat Jets.

Ten minutes later, the hunter fleet controlled by Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others arrived. When they saw the situation on the battlefield, they were shocked again.

One Planetary realm, two quasi-planetary experts, and eight Transmutation Realm experts were resolved without any damage.

Yanzi and Lang Ju looked at each other and saw the terror in each others’ eyes. The growth speed of the Blue Star man in front of them was too terrifying!

“Let’s go, the target is the Far Light Base!”

Xu Tui did not stay long. He brought the fleet and rushed to the Far Light Base at full speed.

Xu Tui had always been the most wary of the Dawn Salvation Organization. The Far Light Base was not too far from the battlefield. They arrived in less than fifty minutes.

After they arrived, there was another small-scale conflict. There were still a few people guarding the Far Light Base and the base’s defense system. However, under the attack of a quasi-planet, it was not difficult.

There were only four Transmutation Realm experts left behind. As for the power of the Evolution Realm, it was not considered power in front of Xu Tui’s group.

The Far Light Base was located at the center of the meteorite belt. It was also a meteorite. Actually, it should be a smaller celestial body. It was smaller than the moon, but larger than Phobos.

Dawn Salvation had established a very complete survival base on it. Xu Tui and the others even saw a planting base.

There were green vegetables that made them drool, there were also chickens, pigs, and sheep!

Wen Shao’s eyes turned green when he saw the sheep. God knew how their stomachs had survived in the past half a year. It already had all of these, let alone other living facilities. It was too complete.

It was almost no different from the Blue Star!

Everyone, especially those from the Blue Star, looked at Xu Tui. They would be too happy if Xu Tui gave the order to occupy the Far Light Base.

“Ah Huang, prepare to invade and control the base.”

When Ah Huang heard that, it jumped off Xu Tui’s wrist and transformed into a human form. It bounced around and transformed into a human form. It was prepared to physically simulate and control the base. However, it had just jumped out when Xu Tui called it back.

“Hmm?” Ah Huang was puzzled.

“Don’t go with your main body. Use your robot clone to control. I’ve already obtained the basic password through a soul search,” Xu Tui said.

“Using a robot clone?” Ah Huang frowned. “That would be very slow. If I go over, I should be able to do it in ten minutes.”

Xu Tui’s expression darkened when he heard that. “That’s an order.”

This sentence scared Ah Huang so much that it stuck out its tongue. This was the first time Xu Tui was so serious.

“Everyone, those above the quasi-planetary level, enter the fighter jets and rise into the air. The quasi-planetary experts will rise into the air and wait for orders. Ah Huang, mobilize the drones and prepare to search the warehouses of the Far Light Base. At the same time, move some of the living supplies.

“Yan Lie, take down all the quantum jammers on the fighter jet and place them at the Far Light Base. Activate them at full power!”

Xu Tui’s so-called living supplies referred to the green vegetables and small animals that had made everyone’s eyes turn green just now. Actually, it should have been occupied or transported as a whole. @@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui did not dare to.

Although Xu Tui was cautious when dealing with the Mechanical Spirit Race, he did not care too much about it. In terms of scheming and ruthlessness, not to mention the Mechanical Spirit Race, even the Spiritual Race was not a match for the Blue Star humans.

However, Xu Tui was extremely careful when facing Dawn Salvation, who was famous for being difficult and cautious among the Blue Star humans.

Xu Tui felt that Dawn Salvation should be able to think of the various methods he could think of to protect himself and deal with accidents.

However, following Xu Tui’s order to activate all the jammers, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and the others also understood what Xu Tui meant. They all had cautious expressions.

Ah Huang used its clone to control the robots to invade the Far Light Base. It took a full forty minutes to complete the basic invasion.

“Xu Tui, there is still a comprehensive defense program that cannot be passed by pure technical means. Currently, we can only break through by force.

However, forcefully breaking through will definitely trigger a possible alarm,” Ah Huang said.

“Then forcefully break through!”

Almost the moment Ah Huang forcefully broke through, alarms suddenly rang in another distant base. The commander on duty immediately intervened. In less than a minute, Aurora’s virtual projection landed in this mysterious base.

“Something happened at the Far Light Base. Someone hacked into the main program?” Aurora’s expression became extremely cold.

“I’ve been hunting geese all day long, but my eyes were pecked today! Contact the Far Light Base.” Aurora sneered.

“Sir, the long-range connection method has been interfered with. We can’t contact them. ”

“Change to a secondary connection. I want to see who has raided our nest!”

“Sir, activating the secondary gangplank connection requires your authorization.’

“Authorized!”

“Sir, the secondary gangplank connection will be connected to the Far Light Base in a minute,” the adjutant replied.

“Yes, since it’s connected, use the secondary gangplank connection method to activate the self-destruction program of the Far Light Base. Countdown of two minutes!” Aurora sneered.

The adjutant was stunned for a moment. His fingers stopped for a moment, but he still pressed the confirm button. “The two-minute countdown for the self-destruction program of the Far Light Base begins.

“The one-minute countdown to connect to the communication of the Far Light

Base begins!”