Chapter 1139 - 1139: The Spirit Queen Who Wants To Be Autistic(1)

Chapter 1139: The Spirit Queen Who Wants to Be Autistic(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations????? Editor: Henyee Translations

On the way to the Land of Inheritance, the Spirit Queen who was leading the way did not even dare to breathe loudly. There was a huge difference between the power of a Planetary realm powerhouse and the power to kill a Planetary realm powerhouse.

If the video only showed Xu Tui breaking through to the Planetary realm or fighting a Planetary realm powerhouse for 300 rounds, the Spirit Queen would definitely not be so afraid.

Recently, because Xu Tui and the others had relaxed their control, the Spirit Queen’s strength had recovered. She could hold on even if she encountered a Planetary realm.

However, in the video, Xu Tui had instantly killed a Planetary realm powerhouse with one strike. That meant that he could kill it with a breath. The Spirit Queen carefully brought Xu Tui to their Land of Inheritance again.

“Sir, we’re here.” @@novelbin@@

When she arrived in front of the huge stone door underground, the Spirit Queen carefully moved her huge body away and moved Xu Tui in front of her.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to release the Origin Crystal. He used his mental perception to sense the stone door again.

The Spirit Queen was not lying.

Over the past three months, the color of the stone door had deepened slightly. This deepening was not visible to the naked eye, but Xu Tui’s mental perception could accurately distinguish it. He placed his palm on the stone door again. In his mind, the red fire slip seemed to have been stimulated by something and suddenly shone with a red light.

However, as Xu Tui activated his mind power, the red fire slip immediately became obedient. The red light retracted, just like the Spirit Queen at this moment, calmly tucking her tail between her legs.

This surprised Xu Tui.

The red fire slip today felt a little more obedient than before. The last time, it was not so stable. This fellow was still very excited after touching the stone door. It was still very excited even though Xu Tui was comforting it with his mind power.

However, this time, he was very obedient, just like the Spirit Queen.

Xu Tui did not seem to have changed much in the past three months. The most fundamental change was that his mind power had increased by 120%. He could also use the God Slaying Sword.

Who was the red fire slip afraid of? Was it because of the God Slaying Sword or because his mind power was stronger?

Xu Tui was still not in a hurry to throw out his Origin Crystals after he looked at Spirit Queen. After sending two messages, he said to the Spirit Queen, “Go to the entrance of the cave and bring them in.”

“There are others?”

“Can’t I?” Xu Tui glanced at the Spirit Queen.

This gaze made the Spirit Queen break out in a cold sweat. She quickly nodded.

Half an hour later, the Spirit Queen brought An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie to the stone door of the Land of Inheritance. She explained the situation to An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie before Xu Tui began to release the Origin Crystals.

After all, the Land of Inheritance behind the stone door belonged to the ant-men. Although he could sense it through the red fire slip, it was hard to say what was inside and if there was danger.

There was definitely a limit to the loyalty of the Spirit Queen.

Xu Tui had called An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie over to deal with any possible accidents.

Although he was very strong now and had instantly killed a Planetary realm powerhouse with the God Slaying Sword, he would be completely destroyed if he was stabbed in the back by a quasi-planetary powerhouse like the Spirit Queen.

Xu Tui took out a large number of Origin Crystals from the quantum dimensional chain and placed them under the stone door.

Miraculously, the piles of Origin Crystals were sucked dry in a few seconds. The color of the stone door began to become lighter.

When Xu Tui threw in 4,900 grams of Origin Crystals, the stone door became pure white. It actually began to flicker with a faint light. This was the so-called activation characteristic of the Spirit Queen. Xu Tui looked at the Spirit Queen and asked, “How do I enter?”

“Sir, just step in.”

“Just step in?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled, but he still tried to extend his hand. Then, Xu Tui was shocked to discover that the stone door that was emitting white light in front of him seemed to have become illusory. His hand passed through it.

It was a little magical.

“How do I get out?” Xu Tui asked.

“Sir, the power inside will automatically send you out after the inheritance is over,” the Spirit Queen said.

Xu Tui looked at the Spirit Queen. Whether it was her spiritual resonance or the feedback from his mental perception, the Spirit Queen was not lying. However, the Spirit Queen herself was a huge factor of instability.

“Can I go in alone?” Xu Tui asked Spirit Queen.

Hearing this, the Spirit Queen shook her head. “Sir, I don’t know about that, but I also hope to go in and see if I can improve. In addition, because no outsider had ever entered the Land of Inheritance, I did not know if it was dangerous for outsiders to enter. Therefore, I hope that Sir can bring me in. If there’s any danger, with me around, I should be able to avoid a portion of it.”

The Spirit Queen’s analysis was reasonable. A few seconds later, Xu Tui nodded. “Let’s go in together.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, and the Spirit Queen held hands and stepped toward the stone door at the same time. They instantly disappeared in front of the stone door.

Of course, holding hands was a problem.

An Xiaoxue was holding Xu Tui’s hand, and Xu Tui was holding Yan Lie’s. As for the disgusting matter of touching Spirit Queen, he would leave it to Yan Lie to enjoy. The light in front of them only flashed. In an instant, the light in front of everyone flashed and they entered a green and hazy space.

He opened his eyes and released his mental perception. Xu Tui saw everything in the green space, be it inside or outside, physical or mental. It looked more

middle. Below the stone statue, there was only a stone futon.

There was nothing else.

The stone statue had a pure impressionist style. It could barely be seen that it was a side profile. It stood with its hands behind its back and looked like it was floating. There were three strands of beard under its jaw. It was a man..