Chapter 1135 - 1135: I’M Really Giving You A Chance And Step Back (1)

Chapter 1135: I’m Really Giving You a Chance and Step Back (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Were the humans of the Blue Star the ones who captured Spirit I?

This information made Xu Tui frown. @@novelbin@@

If the people who captured Spirit I were the Blue Star Humans, then they were highly suspected to be the people of Dawn Salvation. If they were from Dawn Salvation, this speed would be a little terrifying.

However, the strange thing was that according to Bu Qingqiu’s information, the attack on Spirit I was on the 12th of June. Today was already the 14th of June. It had been two days since this invader team captured Spirit I. They had already scouted Planet Spirit twice.

They should have noticed Bu Qingqiu and the others, but they had not attacked yet.

This was a little strange. This frequency of action was not Dawn Salvation’s style. If it was Dawn Salvation, they would attack immediately after discovering the Planet Spirit and scouting, instead of waiting. Or rather, what was this team of invaders waiting for?

Reinforcements? Or?

Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and the others had a meeting and studied it for a long time, but they could not come to a clear conclusion.

In the end, Xu Tui made the decision.

“Ah Huang, charge straight into Spirit I. There’s no need to hide the signal. Magnify the signal of our fleet. It’s best if we can get Spirit I to notice us early,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood!”

Ah Huang would not hesitate to execute the strategic and tactical orders. As long as it was Xu Tui’s order, it would execute it immediately.

In the universe, the law of the jungle was vividly reflected.

From this point of view, there was only one possibility that this fleet of Blue Star humans that had invaded Spirit I, be it Dawn Salvation or other sources, did not attack Planet Spirit immediately. They were not too confident in their strength.

Only then would they be able to reconnoiter the Planet Spirit. Or perhaps, it was a team that cherished their feathers extremely, just like Xu Tui. However, no matter what, he should not be too strong.

If they had the strength to crush them, they would have attacked Planet Spirit on a large scale. No matter what the power on Planet Spirit was, he would beat him up with a slap.

In any case, Xu Tui would definitely do this.

Therefore, Xu Tui decided to go to Spirit I. At the same time, this was to buy time for the Planet Spirit. The forces left on Planet Spirit were too weak. There were only two quasi-planets!

The wait was a little long, but it passed quickly.

In less than an hour, Ah Huang reported that there was already a reaction from Spirit I. They must have discovered their fleet.

Xu Tui was relieved as long as there was movement. He had achieved his strategic goal.

If there was movement and they were discovered, it meant that they had already dispersed the pressure on Planet Spirit. At the same time, they had also pressured the invasion ship. Before they understood their situation, they did not dare to attack Planet Spirit casually.

At the same time, a group of Blue Star humans was also holding an emergency meeting.

The leader was a Planetary realm powerhouse.

“How long will it take for the reconnaissance team to return?” The Planetary realm powerhouse in the lead asked.

“Lord Nortos, Lord Wan Tong and the others are on their way back. They are expected to return to this satellite in three and a half hours.”

“Have they sent the reconnaissance results?”

“It’s sent over. They said that there are only two quasi-planets discovered on that Planetary Planet! We haven’t found any traces of the Planetary realm power in the intelligence for the time being. However, there might be a large number of three-phase thermal bombs.

“What Lord Wan Tong means is that we can attack, but we have to be careful so that we can control the casualties! In addition, Lord Wan Tong asks, Lord Nortos, are you going to directly join up with them to attack Planet Spirit?” the adjutant asked.

“Let them return first. We have to solve this problem before we attack this

Planet Spirit,” Nortos said, pointing at the fleet on the remote sensing device.

“As you wish, Lord Nortos.”

“Are these the reinforcements called over by Planet Spirit? The real threat is here?” Nortos pointed at the red dot that had appeared on the remote sensing device. His eyes narrowed.

Four hours later, Ah Huang woke Xu Tui up again. “We’ll arrive at Spirit I in half an hour.”

“Fly directly to a distance of 100 to 300 kilometers from Spirit I. If there are no movements from Spirit I, if there are any movements from Spirit I, and if it’s a firepower attack, you have full authority to deal with it. Leave the rest to me.”

Xu Tui closed his eyes again after giving the order. He was almost done with his training on staying calm during a crisis.

He was extremely calm when the battle was about to begin. While he was meditating, he had already begun to reflect on his gains over the past few days, especially the gains and changes to his abilities. He had to reconfigure his abilities.

For example, the Small God Slaying Sword was actually a perfect match for the Multi-Dimensional Sword.

“Xu Tui, someone from Spirit I has come out to welcome him. He did not use any firearms. I have detected the aura of a Planetary realm powerhouse. It’s 800 kilometers away from us now,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui suddenly opened his eyes and looked at An Xiaoxue when he heard that.

An Xiaoxue combed her hair and put on her combat uniform and helmet. “Let’s go. They haven’t completely controlled the base yet.

“Moreover, they did not dare to completely believe that they had controlled Spirit I themselves. They were afraid that we would have any trump cards up there, so they chose to leave Spirit I to fight.”

An Xiaoxue was already dressed after she finished speaking. The speed process only took ten seconds.

“Therefore, everyone, leave the ship and fight..”