Chapter 1142 - 1142: Inheritance Harvest And Number One

Chapter 1142: Inheritance Harvest and Number One

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Actually, Xu Tui had also noticed that An Xiaoxue’s aura had increased very quickly.

Under normal circumstances, that was impossible.

This was because Xu Tui was the first to come into contact with the stone statue. Later on, Yan Lie and An Xiaoxue came into contact separately, even though they took away a portion of the spiritual power and energy.

However, Xu Tui was the first to come into contact with it, so he had the bulk of the profits.

This was especially so for spiritual power. Based on the flow, he took about 40% of it. An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie each took 30%. However, Xu Tui had a red fire slip in his body. This guy was a rich person. It took half of the spirit that had entered his body.

This was now. If it was in the past, 80% would have been taken away. In that case, An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie had obtained a little more spiritual power than Xu Tui himself.

Other than that, there was another important reason. Xu Tui’s mental body had been strengthened by many spirits previously. Although a large number of spirits had been injected into it, the speed of improvement was relatively slow.

It was just like upgrading. Upgrading one level from one to ten, upgrading to the second level from ten to a hundred, and upgrading to the third level from a hundred to a thousand.

An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie were in the second level, 10 to 100, at this moment. They were extremely fast. As for Xu Tui, he was from 100 to 1,000. His improvement was naturally slow.

Under his introspection, the mental body in Xu Tui’s body was already covered in a layer of faint golden light. Even though he had spread out his thoughts, his entire mental body was like a thick fog.

At that moment, Xu Tui felt an indescribable power. However, just as Xu Tui was sighing, the spiritual power that surged into his body suddenly decreased rapidly.

Spiritual power was over so quickly.

This stone statue with his hands behind his back was not awesome.

Not only was his spiritual power gone, but even his green Origin Energy was gone in the next two minutes. From the beginning to the end, it lasted a total of nine minutes.

According to Xu Tui’s estimates, the spiritual power he absorbed was similar to absorbing forty silver boxes. An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie had less, and the internal circulation channels that they had constructed were only 26 of them.

Based on this quantity, it was about the quasi-planetary level of achievement.

He had a lot of spiritual power. This should be one of the fundamental reasons why the Spirit Queen’s mental body was powerful and could communicate with him directly. But now, the power that could allow it to become a quasi -Dlanetarv Dowerhouse had been distributed bv Xu Tui. An Xiaoxue. and

Yan Lie.

As for the little that the Spirit Queen had taken, it was negligible.

The improvement was not great.

This was especially so in comparison of An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui. The internal circulation channels that it had constructed were only six to seven days of their bitter cultivation.

However, the improvement to Yan Lie was very great.

Of course, the greatest improvement was still the mental body.

Xu Tui could sense that after today’s wave, the aura of Yan Lie, who had the weakest mental body, had also increased exponentially. It had already greatly surpassed Wen Shao and Qu Qingshan’s standards. @@novelbin@@

To be honest, Xu Tui was looking forward to it. What would happen to an Extreme Branch cultivator who walked the path of an assassin when he suddenly had a mental body that was stronger than a Supernatural Branch cultivator?

Would there be a qualitative change in his abilities?

Just as Xu Tui was thinking about this, the spiritual power and energy that had sent into their bodies were completely cut off.

However, just as these two forces were completely severed, a ball of green light suddenly flickered from the body of the stone statue.

The moment it flashed, the ball of light had the intention of splitting into three. However, at this moment, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s body suddenly flashed with red light.

The ball of light that was about to split into three suddenly gathered and rushed into Xu Tui’s body. “F*ck, you can’t trespass like this.” Without waiting for Xu Tui to react, the ball of light rushed into the red fire slip and disappeared.

Xu Tui was stunned. What was this? Why were they all going to the red fire Slip?

When the green light landed, the red fire slip seemed to have encountered something happy. The red light expanded again. One or two portions of the red light even seeped out of Xu Tui’s body. It shocked the Spirit Queen, who was feeling depressed.

Under his introspection, Xu Tui could vaguely sense that the red fire slip seemed to have changed slightly after the ball of green light entered it.

Even the God Slaying Sword seemed to have changed a little.

However, Xu Tui could not tell what had changed. The red fire slip bloomed for a full ten seconds before slowly dissipating.

The moment the green light in the stone statue entered the red fire slip with his hands behind his back, the pitch-black space in an unknown secret base in the distant starry sky was quickly lit up by the light again.

“Quantum information point feedback. The inheritance stone statue has been activated by the Huaxia Race. It has automatically triggered the next program.”

“According to the feedback from the quantum information point frequency, The location marker of the Long-term Observation Target Number 37 of the

Mars base and the inheritance stone statue are extremely close.”

“Judgment: Long-term observation target number 37 has activated the inheritance stone statue. The next program will automatically be activated.”

“Long-term Observation Target Number 37 has been upgraded to Explorer Number 37.”

“Contact Number One through multiple channels to report the current situation.”

“No answer from Number One.

“According to the rules, activate the next program.”

“Next program, contact Number One through top-secret contact information.

Contact has been activated.”

“Successfully contacted Number One.”

“The first feedback is known. A new order has been issued—continue to execute the order according to procedure.”

“Wait silently for feedback from the quantum signal.”

In the Land of Inheritance of the Ant Clan, Yan Lie and An Xiaoxue had already opened their eyes. An Xiaoxue was fine, but Yan Lie’s expression was indescribably excited. He understood the value of the power he obtained just now too well.

It was a fortuitous encounter! It was definitely a fortuitous encounter! However, the problem was that his fortuitous encounter was distributed to them by Commander Xu Tui. It was distributed to them.

The gratitude in Yan Lie’s heart was indescribable.

Xu Tui had given them such great benefits just like that. If Xu Tui had taken such a huge benefit alone, how much would he have improved? But he had actually given it to him. He wanted to say something, but Yan Lie saw that Xu Tui’s eyes were still tightly shut and did not dare to disturb him.

An Xiaoxue also stared at Xu Tui. To be honest, her feeling of increasing her cultivation was even stronger than Yan Lie. Not only had her mental body improved greatly, but she had also constructed many internal circulation channels.

An Xiaoxue felt that if she tried to break through to the quasi-planetary realm now, the probability of her breaking through in one go would be quite high.

However, An Xiaoxue knew very well that she was not in a hurry to break through. Over the past few days, she had discussed a lot with Xu Tui about breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm.

Actually, fundamentally speaking, a quasi-planetary realm was just an excessive cultivation realm. Perhaps this realm was to make it easier for cultivators to break through to the Planetary realm.

From this point of view, the Transmutation Realm was the foundation.

If he had a good foundation, he would only become stronger when he broke through to the quasi-planetary realm or even the Planetary realm in the future.

Correspondingly, the speed of improvement would also be faster.

Most importantly, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had already realized that after the internal circulation of every genetic ability chain was successfully constructed, it would strengthen their bodies.

This enhancement was very weak and could not be seen.

However, it would be very impressive if it accumulated bit by bit.

Moreover, the current cultivation situation of constantly building internal circulation channels was still the stage where Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s strength increased rapidly. Therefore, they were not in a hurry to break through.

At the side, the Spirit Queen was dumbfounded again.

Something was completely wrong. She had been sent out of the Land of Inheritance the last time she passed down the inheritance.

Moreover, the inheritance records left behind by generations of Spirit Queens clearly recorded this. In the Land of Inheritance, once the inheritance was over, the inheritor would be sent out of the Land of Inheritance within five seconds.

But now, it has been almost a minute, right? Was there a problem with the

Land of Inheritance? Or was it destroyed? Or was it because she brought in outsiders?

At this moment, the Spirit Queen was about to cry from anxiety. If the Land of Inheritance was destroyed by her actions, she would be a sinner of the ant clan. What was even more infuriating was that not only had she become a sinner, but she had also not gained anything this time.

Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes amidst the trepidation of the Spirit Queen.

Xu Tui had used all his mind power to search for the ball of green light that had rushed into the red fire slip just now. What exactly was it and what kind of changes had it caused to the red fire slip?

In the end, he found nothing.

Xu Tui circled the red fire slip with his mind power for dozens of times but did not notice anything unusual. However, Xu Tui felt that the red fire slip seemed to have changed a little. Unable to find any changes, he could only give up for the time being.

However, the red fire slip was in Xu Tui’s mind. As long as Xu Tui paid attention from time to time, he would be able to notice any changes.

“Eh, we weren’t teleported out?” Xu Tui, who had opened his eyes, also noticed this problem.

Hearing this, the Spirit Queen said in fear, “That’s right, Sir. Was the Land of

Inheritance destroyed? I… I… I’m guilty!”

Just as the Spirit Queen was trembling and about to kneel in front of the inheritance stone statue to apologize, Xu Tui suddenly sensed something amiss. It seemed that he could communicate with the stone statue.

The connection was the red fire slip. At the same time, Xu Tui became extremely clear about the changes in the entire space and the stone statue.

In the stone statue, billions of threads that were difficult to see with the naked eye extended out. Every moment, these billions of threads would send an extremely small amount of spiritual power into the stone statue’s body and settle down.

At the same time, in the inheritance space that had been completely emptied just now, there was another wisp of energy that only his mental perception could sense.

The stone statue was still accumulating.

This meant that Xu Tui might be able to harvest another wave decades later. He could even harvest a wave of spiritual power a few years later. Suddenly, Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. In the next moment, an inexplicable force field surged out. Xu Tui, Yan Lie, An Xiaoxue, and the Spirit Queen were sent out of this inheritance space.

The Spirit Queen was pleasantly surprised. “Eh, the ancestral land of inheritance is not broken. It’s not broken!”

Xu Tui sensed the faint connection with the stone statue. He suddenly realized that in the future, the ancestral land of the ant-men would no longer restrict him.

He could enter at any time if he wanted. He could even enter now. It was better not to display it in front of the Spirit Queen. Otherwise, this guy might go crazy. However, Xu Tui could secretly come over to observe in the future.

“You’ve gained a lot today. Hurry up and digest it.” After leading everyone out of the land of inheritance of the ant-men, Xu Tui instructed, “Old Yan, especially you! Your mental body should have increased several times. Study the changes and applications in this area carefully. If there are any results from your research, you might grow into a monster!”

“You’re the one who’ll become a monster!” Yan Lie cursed jokingly and left happily. He actually wanted to become a very strong abnormal person. Ten minutes later, after sending An Xiaoxue back, Xu Tui arrived at Yanzi’s residence not tar away. He mocked on tne door gently. ‘l’ne person wno opened the door was Yanzi. She might have just taken a shower. Her long fiery red hair fell like a waterfall, making her look exceptionally sexy and alluring.

Yanzi’s expression inexplicably tightened when she saw that it was Xu Tui. “Commander, what is it?”

“When do you plan to start refining the quantum jade core?” Xu Tui asked..