Chapter 1149 - 1149: Successful Refinement And Reason For Invading? (3)

Chapter 1149: Successful Refinement and Reason for Invading? (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If the four giants of The Myth were really that powerful, Xu Tui would definitely not be able to truly cooperate with The Myth.

Regardless of whether Xu Tui could accept it or not, his teacher, Shen Jiushuang, who was carrying a three-phase thermal bomb, would probably not be able to accept it in heaven. Countless members of the Fallen Star team would probably not be able to accept it.

“Old Sha, we can talk about the cooperation, but give me a few days. I’m a little busy for the next one to two days. I’ll look for you on Spirit Il in two days,” Xu Tui, who had made a decision, said.

“Alright, I’ll wait for you,” Old Sha agreed readily.

Xu Tui knew very well that he might be able to cooperate with The Myth, but it was impossible for Xu Tui to become a high-level core member of The Myth.

It was not that he was unwilling. It was because he could not. He would not be able to get past the barrier in his heart.

After ending the call with Old Sha, Xu Tui focused on trying to refine the quantum array core. However, before he started refining the quantum array core, Xu Tui reconstructed the mind power sand box and simulated refining the quantum array core again.

Xu Tui had already simulated and practiced the quantum array core more than a thousand times. He had tried to simulate it more than a hundred times in more than two days. He only started to personally try to create the quantum array core when the success rate of the simulation was 99%.

However, there was a difference between simulation and actual practice. It was just like the final collision between mind power and the physical body. Although it felt a little similar, there was still a huge difference.

Xu Tui had failed to make a quantum array core. The two quantum jade cores had been crippled.

Of course, this was also related to Xu Tui’s production level.

Xu Tui directly made a quantum array core that could pass through a quasi-planet. He realized that the strategic significance of the quantum teleportation channel was completely different. There were too many restrictions on the quantum teleportation channel that could only be used by Evolution Realm cultivators. It was not very useful to create it now, much less strategically.

To have strategic significance, it had to be a quantum teleportation channel that could teleport people in the Transmutation Realm or the quasi-planetary realm. Therefore, Xu Tui tried to refine a quasi-planetary realm quantum array core.

After two failures, Xu Tui roughly found a portion of the problem. He simulated and improved it a few times in the mind power sand box before going to look for Yanzi.

However, Xu Tui had learned his lesson this time. Before he looked for Yanzi, he told An Xiaoxue. As for Ah Huang, Xu Tui was prepared to get Yan Lie to give Ah Huang special training.

In the room, Yanzi, who had already received Xu Tui’s message, clenched her fists and waited quietly. When she heard Xu Tui knock on the door, she immediately stood up and rushed over to open the door.

Yanzi was actually looking forward to it the moment she opened the door. Anyway, she was a little anxious. She did not know what was going on.

Xu Tui did not think much of it himself. After chatting for a while, he went straight to the point. Their mind power once again began to refine the quantum jade core in a semi-fused state. With their previous experience, the speed at which the two of them cooperated this time was extremely fast.

Basically, they could successfully refine a quantum jade core in less than twenty five minutes. @@novelbin@@

The only thing he had to say was that Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of guilt. In the microscopic perception of his mental perception, Xu Tui became more and more clear about the original quantum frequency of Yanzi’s special purple flames.

He had already located most of the genetic base points. If he did it a few more times, Xu Tui would spend some time confirming it. Then, he would spend some time activating the purple flame genetic ability chain. Xu Tui would be able to instantiate the special purple flame that was used to refine the quantum jade core.

However, this purple flame was not only used to refine, but it was also very powerful against enemies.

In the previous battle, Xu Tui had seen Yanzi use these purple flames to burn a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse until he screamed and howled.

If Yanzi did not have any unique methods to refine the quantum jade core, Xu Tui would definitely succeed.

“Yanzi, have you seen your Spiritual Race people refine quantum array cores?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“No. That’s top secret.”

He refined ten quantum array cores in one go and was done.

“How high is their success rate in refining the quantum array core?” Xu Tui asked.

“All the elders of the Sanctuary have a 50% chance of success in refining the quantum array core.”

“Alright, I’ll let you open your eyes today. I’ll refine it. Watch,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“You can refine it?” Yanzi was stunned.

Xu Tui smiled but did not say anything. He began to refine the quantum array core in front of Yanzi. “If you notice anything wrong, you can tell me directly.”

An hour later, Yanzi looked at the pair of quantum array cores floating in front of Xu Tui with a shocked expression. “This… You succeeded just like that? You succeeded in one go?”

“I’ve failed twice before.’

“Only failed twice?” Yanzi’s mouth formed an O shape. “Which elder in our race who can refine a quantum array core did not experience thousands of failures before slowly succeeding in becoming a Sanctuary elder? You’ve only failed twice?”

“But the previous two pieces had become waste.”

In reality, Xu Tui had failed more than a thousand times in the past. He had probably failed 1,500 times. However, they were all in the mind power sand box.

Yanzi carefully examined the quantum array core in her hand several times. In the end, she said in shock, “It’s the same as what I’ve come into contact with and used before. It could be used. A quasi-planetary-level quantum array core could be used after it was injected with a thousand grams of Origin Crystals..”