Chapter 1140 - 1140: The Spirit Queen Who Wants To Be Autistic

Chapter 1140: The Spirit Queen Who Wants to Be Autistic

(2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This was a characteristic that Xu Tui could observe.

Xu Tui wanted to enter the stone statue with his mind power to sense it. He was instantly stunned.

He could not enter!

His mind power could not enter the stone statue. The moment his mind power touched the stone statue, it seemed to have melted and disappeared without a trace.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Although Xu Tui’s current strength was only at the Transmutation Realm, he believed that his mind power was infinitely close to the Planetary realm.

Why was it useless here?

Strange!

“The two of you can try.”

Thirty seconds later, An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie shook their heads at the same time. Both mind power and energy field would disappear without a trace after coming into contact with the stone statue.

“Spirit Queen, how did you pass it down?” Xu Tui asked.

“Kneel on the futon and kowtow nine times. Then, you can carry out the inheritance.” The Spirit Queen looked at the futon with desire.

Try kowtowing?

After hesitating for a moment, Xu Tui injected his mind power into the red fire slip and released the control on the red fire slip. The general idea was that if you have any thoughts, tell me. In an instant, the red fire slip shone slightly, giving Xu Tui a very strong thought—touch it! Touch the stone statue!

The moment Xu Tui released the suppression on the red fire slip, the stone statue that was originally green and hazy also emitted a faint light. The Spirit Queen was stunned. This had never happened before.

Yan Lie and An Xiaoxue were also a little surprised.

“I’ll touch it. If anything happens, you can directly cut off my hand.” In theory, since the red fire slip could sense it, the possibility of an accident happening was not high.

However, it was better to be careful in the face of an unknown incident.

“Don’t worry, my saber is very fast.”

Yan Lie raised his short blade and looked like he was about to slash. Xu Tui was a little afraid. “Kid, don’t be in a hurry to slash. Wait for my signal! Don’t break my arm before I’m in danger. It’s not easy to re-attach my hand.” Yan Lie chuckled. “Don’t worry, I know what to do!”

Under the gazes of Yan Lie and An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui extended a finger and gently tapped on the stone statue. The moment his fingertips touched the stone statue, what he felt was not the texture of stone. It had a warm and moist texture.

Xu Tui was surprised. He did not seem to have any reaction. In the next moment, the part of the stone statue that his finger touched suddenly surged out and sucked half of Xu Tui’s finger tightly.

Before Xu Tui could react, Yan Lie had already raised his saber and was about to slash. “F*ck, you want me to break my arm.”

“No, no, no. I’m just always prepared!”

Xu Tui suddenly felt a pain in his fingertip when he was interrupting Yan Lie. His fingertips were completely within the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception. His mental perception could not sense the stone statue, but he could clearly sense the movements of his fingertips. A drop of blood was sucked away.

Blood extraction?

This instantly reminded Xu Tui of the door in the underground base of the Fuqiang asteroid. The method of activating it was a blood test.

Could it be that the activation method here was also a blood test?

NO!

Wasn’t the method of activating the inheritance mentioned by the Spirit Queen kowtowing?

Just as Xu Tui was thinking, the stone statue that had absorbed Xu Tui’s blood suddenly shone with green light.

Xu Tui’s fingers, which were wrapped in the stone statue, were like a receiver. A large number of information images and a large amount of pure power began to surge into his body.

It was not just the power in the stone statue. The green light in the entire space seemed to be agitated at this moment. It was as if it had been mobilized by some power. It also began to surge into his body crazily.

This was energy!

It was an extremely pure energy that had been vaporized. However, Xu Tui was about to be stunned by the images that rushed into his mind. As images surged into Xu Tui’s mind, there was a massive amount of spiritual power.

Yes, spiritual power!

However, when the spiritual power entered his body, 80% of it was taken away by the red fire slip.

This made Xu Tui depressed. Most of the power had been taken away by the red fire slip. While he was feeling depressed, Xu Tui had a thought. He might be able to give it a try. “I want 70%?”

Xu Tui had a thought and directly expressed this meaning to the red fire slip. It was very clear. In the next moment, a portion of the spiritual power that surged into Xu Tui’s mental body increased.

It worked.

“I want 60%.”

Then, the spiritual power that surged into Xu Tui’s body increased by another portion.

“I want 50%.”

The red fire slip was very obedient. The spiritual power that surged into its body split with Xu Tui. This time, Xu Tui became more confident. His greed rose. How could making the red fire slip stronger be compared to making himself stronger?

“I want 70%. You get 30%.” Xu Tui gave a distribution plan domineeringly. However, this time, the red fire slip ignored Xu Tui. The ratio was still 50-50.

“I’ll take 60%, and you’ll take 40%?”

The red fire slip still ignored Xu Tui. Xu Tui gave up now. It seemed that the upper limit was 50-50. However, it was quite good. Xu Tui had always received an extremely humiliating 20% to 80%.

Seeing the sudden change in the power aura in the space, Yan Lie and An Xiaoxue were fine, but the Spirit Queen became anxious.

She also wanted the inheritance.

However, Xu Tui, who was receiving a massive amount of power, suddenly had a thought when he saw Yan Lie and An Xiaoxue. He also had a bold thought.

Blood extraction!

Did the stone statue extract his blood just now because the source or type of the blood was very important?

It was impossible for Xu Tui to be confident that this was the inheritance of his ancestors.

Xu Tui was more willing to believe that this stone statue might need to be verified with the blood of a certain species.

For example, the blood of the Blue Star humans.

No matter how the humans of the Blue Star reproduced, there were some characteristics that were written in their genes.

Perhaps this was the reason why the stone statue and the door of the underground base of the Fuqiang asteroid needed a blood test. At the thought of this, Xu Tui immediately said, “Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, put a finger over too.”

“Really?” Yan Lie held his saber and glanced at the Spirit Queen. His meaning was clear as day. Who was staring at the Spirit Queen? “It’s fine. My sword can still move.”

The meaning behind Xu Tui’s words could not be clearer.

In the next moment, An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie each extended a finger and tapped on the stone statue. The same thing happened. At the point of contact, the stone statue surged up and wrapped around their fingers. ‘My fingertips hurt a little,” An Xiaoxue said with a frown.

“Me too.” @@novelbin@@

“Don’t be afraid. Accept the power inside.”

Almost as soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, the power in the stone statue and the Origin Crystal that had turned into a green mist in the space surged into An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie’s bodies in a visible direction.

An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie were pleasantly surprised.

The Spirit Queen became anxious. The inheritance had already begun. But she had no share. The Spirit Queen quickly kowtowed nine times to the stone statue. The stone statue did not move.

The Spirit Queen, who was a little confused, quickly followed Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s example. She pressed her tentacles onto the stone statue, but there was still no movement.

The anxious Spirit Queen pressed all of her tentacles and even all of her limbs on the stone statue. However, there was no movement.

The anxious Spirit Queen became autistic!

How could this be?

Wasn’t this the land of inheritance of the ant race?