Chapter 1143 - 1143: Core Refinement And The Myth ‘S Highlevel Meeting

Chapter 1143: Core Refinement and The Myth ‘s HighLevel Meeting

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Quantum jade core?” At the mention of the quantum jade core, Yanzi lowered her eyes and face. Her gaze was a little… retracted. Xu Tui was a little surprised when he saw this scene. “Actually… I’ve already started refining,” Yanzi stammered.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up when he heard that. “What was the outcome?

“I failed…” Yanzi’s gaze was a little evasive.

“It’s fine. It’s normal to fail. If you succeeded in one try, that would be abnormal! You’ll succeed after failing a few times and summarizing your experience,” Xu Tui consoled generously.

“But I… have failed 11 times.”

This time, Xu Tui finally understood why Yanzi was avoiding his gaze. This answer might have made his heart sink.

It was very normal for her to fail three to five times. However, Yanzi’s gaze was still so evasive even after she failed 11 times. She even felt timid and guilty in front of Xu Tui. This was very problematic.

This might very well mean that even if Yanzi failed 11 times, she still did not see any hope of success. This made Xu Tui’s heart sink. It could not be the worst outcome.

“Is it a probability problem? Or is there a problem with the process of refining the quantum jade core?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s not a matter of probability, and there are no problems with my process. It’s exactly the same as the drill that my grandfather personally gave me, but it just won’t work! I didn’t find any mistakes even after refining it 11 times.” Yanzi’s voice was very weak.

That was why she felt guilty. With the addition of Yin Ba, the information she had about the forward operating base became worthless. Her greatest value was the refinement of the quantum jade core.

However, if she could not even refine the quantum jade core, her value in Xu Tui’s team might disappear. What would happen to worthless allies?

Yanzi did not dare to think about it.

It was already not bad that worthless allies could survive like this, let alone raise conditions to contact their home planet for help. Moreover, what made Yanzi feel even more despair was that she had yet to find the reason for the failure of the refinement, much less change the direction.

Based on the current situation, Yanzi would not be able to refine a quantum jade core even if she refined it more than a hundred times and used up the few Purple Star Crystals.

This was the source of Yanzi’s fear at this moment.

Under Xu Tui’s quiet gaze, Yanzi became even more nervous. “Commander Xu, give me some time! If you give me more time, I will definitely be able to successfully refine the quantum jade core.”

“Of course I can give you time. However, I want to know if you noticed the problem. Did you find out the reason for the failure? Did you think of a way to correct it? Or… are you purely trying your luck?”

Xu Tui’s last sentence made Yanzi’s face turn red. Xu Tui had hit the nail on the head. She just wanted to try her luck. She might suddenly succeed if she touched the so-called probability.

Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance had already entered Yanzi’s mind seamlessly. Basically, he had reacted to Yanzi’s mental state through the spiritual resonance and passive resonance.

Xu Tui knew Yanzi’s answer even without her saying it. She wanted to try her luck!

Yanzi planned to try her luck. To be honest, there was no problem with Yanzi’s idea. She could try her luck.

However, the key was that there was a lot of meteorite ashes in the key materials used to refine the quantum jade core. However, the Purple Star Crystals were only enough for about a hundred times.

Where could he find it after she tried her luck?

“Yanzi, that won’t do! We don’t have many Purple Star Crystals. I don’t ask you to refine them every time, but if you succeed once every dozens of times, this material… By the way, how was your grandfather’s success rate when he refined the quantum jade core?” Xu Tui asked.

“Ninety percent. ”

This probability was quite high. “Then did you follow your grandfather’s refinement process, or is there anything you can’t do?”

“No, I refined it completely according to what my grandfather taught me. I’ve compared it many times,” Yanzi said.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. He then asked, “Yanzi, let me ask you again. How many more times can you refine with the remaining Purple Star Crystals?” “About 103 times.”

“Then how many times do you think you can successfully refine all of them?” Xu Tui asked.

Yanzi did not say anything, but her thoughts were clear. Xu Tui had asked her how many times she could succeed. Xu Tui could not help but sigh when he saw Yanzi’s expression. Xu Tui’s long sigh made Yanzi even more nervous. “Commander Xu, I’ve really tried my best. I’ve tried my best, but… I can’t find the reason for the failure of the refinement…

Yanzi’s voice had a hint of sobbing as she explained.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows. If the quantum jade core could not be successfully refined, many future plans would still be impossible to implement. If the quantum jade core could not be successfully refined, there was not much point in contacting Old Cai and the Huaxia Sector.

The voyage time of a few months or even half a year in space was the greatest source of restrictions on the Blue Star and the Huaxia Sector. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui frowned and turned around. Yanzi was uneasy. She was almost as tall as Xu Tui. She pinched the corner of her shirt uneasily. She looked a little… cute.

“Yanzi, I have an idea,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Go ahead, Commander Xu.”

“Yanzi, you should know that I’m from the School of General Senses on the Blue Star. My microscopic perception ability is extremely outstanding.

“Do you understand what I mean?” Xu Tui asked.

Yanzi shook her head in confusion.

“Yanzi, I want to help you quickly find the reason for the failure of refining the quantum jade core. The quantum jade core is very important to us now. Therefore, I want to use my microscopic perception to observe the process of you refining the quantum jade core from the perspective of a bystander and see if I can find the reason,” Xu Tui asked.

“This…

The method that Xu Tui suggested was feasible. However, this was a taboo within the Spiritual Race.

The process of refining the quantum jade core was forbidden to outsiders. Even when Yanzi’s grandfather taught her this method, he had taught her in a quiet room that was covered in layers of shields. It prohibited anyone from watching.

Yanzi was very hesitant. She wanted to reject Xu Tui, but she could not think of a better way.

“Yanzi, I know that your method of refining the quantum jade core is top-secret. You won’t let outsiders see it. However, didn’t you say before that refining a quantum jade core required a special fire power? Ordinary people did not have such fire power. It was useless even if I knew the process.

“On the contrary, I might be able to help you find the reason for the failure of the refinement. I’m helping you, but I’m also helping myself! But isn’t it helping you return to your home planet as soon as possible?” Xu Tui said.

Yanzi was a little tempted.

Xu Tui made two points sound very normal. The first was the method of refining the quantum jade core. Even if Xu Tui knew, it would be useless. He would not be able to refine it without her special flames.

Secondly, if she really refined it, she would have a high chance of returning to her mother planet.

Yanzi hesitated and thought for a while before nodding. “Why don’t we try?” “As long as you’re willing.”

“Then come in.” Yanzi turned around and brought Xu Tui into the room. The door slammed shut.

Under normal circumstances, no one should know about this for the time being. However, there was a resourceful guy in the first main base. This guy was Ah Huang. The moment Xu Tui entered Yanzi’s room and turned to close the door, Ah Huang, who was working somewhere, was shocked.

“Damn, Xu Tui, should I praise you for being powerful? Or should I praise you for being shameless? It’s broad daylight, yet you actually entered Yanzi’s room and even closed the door?” As he muttered, Ah Huang kept paying attention to Yanzi’s tightly shut door. Three minutes, ten minutes, half an hour later, Ah Huang became anxious and did not dare to wait.

A few minutes later, Ah Huang arrived at An Xiaoxue’s room in a hurry. It waved its hand and projected an image for An Xiaoxue. It was the scene of Xu Tui entering Yanzi’s room.

An Xiaoxue glanced at the image and frowned slightly. “Do you know what they are talking about?”

“I didn’t notice it before. There were no sounds. There were only images from the public video system.”

“Don’t worry about it. It’s fine,” An Xiaoxue said. “But… but Xu Tui has been in there for almost an hour.”

“So what? I believe in Xu Tui.”

With that, An Xiaoxue turned off the image, leaving Ah Huang with a depressed expression. For privacy reasons, there were no electronic surveillance cameras installed in the rooms of all the members. Ah Huang was anxious.

However, Ah Huang did not notice that An Xiaoxue, who said that she believed Xu Tui, was also a little confused.

She did not enter a cultivation state for a long time.

On Spirit Il.

Shamera and Wan Tong, another Planetary realm powerhouse from The Myth, were guarding the long-range communication tower that had been temporarily assembled and waiting for news.

A day ago, they had sent the detailed information about this place to the higher-ups.

Now, they were waiting for a response.

Due to the delay in communication, they were expected to receive a response within one to three days.

Far away on Mars, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, who had just received the news, was waiting quietly in a meeting room that was like a starry sky. He waited for the arrival of the other two participants.

A few minutes later, a virtual projection suddenly descended. The Lord of

Myths, Ullr, who was sitting, bowed slightly. “Golden Crow, you’re here?” “Yes, haven’t the others arrived yet?”

“Soon. Let’s wait a little longer.” As soon as he finished speaking, another virtual projection landed. It was still impossible to see his appearance. The Lord of Myths, Ullr, still bowed slightly to welcome him. “Jehovah, you’re here.” The person nodded slightly and did not speak. He was still waiting quietly.

After waiting for about ten minutes, a projection suddenly descended and turned into a virtual projection. The moment it sat down, the projection smiled and said, “I’m sorry. I’m far away at the moment and came late.” “Njord, where are you at the moment?” Jehovah suddenly smiled.

Njord smiled and looked at the Lord of Myths, Ullr.

“Silence!” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, knocked on the table. “Alright, everyone is here. Let’s have a meeting. There’s something very important that requires our collective decision! This might determine our… future!”

As soon as these words were spoken, the participants were shocked..