Chapter 1147 - 1147: Successful Refinement And Reason For Invading? (1)

Chapter 1147: Successful Refinement and Reason for Invading? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Something must have happened that he did not know about!

This was especially so for An Xiaoxue. This was the first time she had pretended to be cultivating in front of him.

Xu Tui’s mind raced, but he still could not understand what had happened. He looked at Ah Huang. “Ah Huang, what’s wrong?”

An Xiaoxue would hide her emotions. But Ah Huang?

“Xu Tui, tell me honestly. You stayed in that woman’s room for half a day. What did you do? Even an advanced artificial intelligence like me knew that there was a problem after staying in a room of the opposite sex for more than five hours. How could you treat Xiaoxue like this?”

Xu Tui instantly understood what was going on when Ah Huang scolded him. So that was the reason. He had not thought it through. An Xiaoxue did not say anything. It was obvious that she had tacitly agreed to Ah Huang’s question.

Xu Tui had thought that he and Yanzi were honest and that nothing had happened. He wanted to tell them about the previous situation. However, he broke out in a cold sweat. It would be even more difficult to explain if he told them that his mind power had entered Yanzi’s mind power.

Even if it was to refine the quantum jade core.

Xu Tui thought about it and took out the quantum jade core. He avoided the important points and gave a general explanation.

“It’s mainly to cooperate and refine the quantum jade core. I’ve also stolen a skill and see if I can refine the quantum jade core independently in the future,” Xu Tui said.

This explanation was reasonable. Although the expression on An Xiaoxue’s face did not change, the passive resonance of her spiritual resonance told Xu Tui that An Xiaoxue’s mood had turned from gloomy to sunny.

The crisis was over.

After chatting for a while, Xu Tui casually mentioned, “Xiaoxue, come and ask me directly if you see such a situation in the future. Don’t hold it in. This kind of thing is a lack of communication. If something really happens, there will be a huge conflict.”

“I didn’t see it. Ah Huang saw it,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui agreed softly. He glanced at Ah Huang and said, “It’s the same if Ah Huang sees it. If you have anything to ask me, just ask me. Don’t hold it in and cause a misunderstanding.”

“I got it.”

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. The crisis had finally passed. However, when he thought about it, he did not do anything to let Xiaoxue down. Why was he so nervous?

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to refine the quantum array core. He was prepared to recover his mind power to its peak and sleep.

Young people were hot-tempered. They were a little restless when they lay on the bed. They could not help but exercise.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to start refining the quantum array core after he woke up. Instead, he called Ah Huang to the training room that had just been built a few days ago.

As it had absorbed another half of the Silver Spirit Box and fused with a little Mechanical Spirit Alloy, Ah Huang’s body had barely grown to 1.58 meters, but it still had the appearance of a fierce and cute girl.

However, at this moment, in Xu Tui’s eyes, Ah Huang was no longer cute.

“Ah Huang, how far have you cultivated?” Xu Tui asked.

“If everything goes smoothly, I’ll be able to break through to the Evolution Realm in a few days, as long as I have enough Origin Crystals,” Ah Huang said. The cultivation method of the Great Xi Clan advanced very quickly. It was not as complicated as the Blue Star Humans.

“You’re improving very quickly. You’ll have combat strength soon.”

Ah Huang, who had received Xu Tui’s praise, nodded like a chick pecking at grains. It was very happy.

“Ah Huang, when your cultivation breaks through to the Evolution Realm, you can participate in some low-risk battles. However, you should know that cultivation and strength are not equivalent to combat strength. The combat strength that has been trained can be far stronger than your cultivation.”

“I know, I know!” Ah Huang, who had been praised, was as happy as a child.

“Since you know, I’ll prepare to give you special training. I’ll give you half an hour to an hour of actual combat special training every day. Yan Lie and I are the main instructors for the combat special training,” Xu Tui said.

“Combat special training?” Ah Huang was a little confused. @@novelbin@@

“That’s right. It’s a real-life battle to train your adaptability, combat ability, and resistance. It will allow you to protect yourself and participate in the battle as soon as possible. Didn’t you say just now that you know the importance of actual combat?” Xu Tui asked in surprise.

“I know…” Ah Huang was a little afraid.

“If you know, then let’s start the actual combat. From this moment on, I will control my strength to the peak of the Genetic Mutation Realm. However, other than fatal methods, I will not hold back on you in other aspects,” Xu Tui said.

“Huh?” Amidst Ah Huang’s cries of surprise, the actual combat had already begun. In a few seconds, Ah Huang’s exclamation turned into a scream. Ten minutes after the actual combat, Ah Huang even cried from the beating.

“Yan Lie, come. Have a good battle with Ah Huang. Let Ah Huang participate in the battle as soon as possible and do more serious work.”

Xu Tui, who could not bear to do it, left. However, Ah Huang was still being trained by Yan Lie until it screamed and howled. Most importantly, Ah Huang had been trained to a miserable state. She thought that Xu Tui was really fighting her. She did not know that Xu Tui was teaching her a lesson.

At night, Ah Huang, who had been severely reprimanded, curled up in An Xiaoxue’s arms and recounted the evil deeds of the two demon kings, Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

An Xiaoxue was still thinking for Ah Huang.

“Ah Huang, you have to thank them. They are right. The crueler the actual training is for you now, the higher the probability of you surviving in future battles and the lower the probability of you being injured. The battlefield is actually very cruel. You know this better than me,” An Xiaoxue said..