Chapter 1141 - 1141: The Inheritance And They Mystery Of Arrangement

Chapter 1141: The Inheritance and They Mystery of Arrangement

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s mind was occupied by huge images. The images did not look coherent, but every image contained a large amount of information. However, because it was only an image, the information contained was not clear.

The first image was of the sea in the background. It was an extremely hot-blooded image. It was the collision of various supernatural beings and mechanical forces. There were superb individuals who waved their hands and created a sea of fire. There were also terrifying superb individuals who waved their sleeves and immediately froze the sea.

Countless battleships, mechas, and robots rushed out of the sea and turned into ashes in a short period of time. At the end of the image, there was a circle of explosive light. The glaring light devoured the entire world, and the image disappeared.

Xu Tui did not understand who won.

The second image was still of the battle.

The protagonist of the battle was another group of superb individuals. A sword immortal even appeared. The scene of ten thousand swords exploding with a single strike made Xu Tui’s blood boil.

In the image, Xu Tui saw a large number of alien species similar to the Great Xi Clan. It was a little similar to the Great Xi Clan, but not quite. The background of the battle was still the sea, but it was a sea with an iceberg floating. There were only battles in the image. There were no results.

Perhaps it was because the two sides were locked in battle.

The third image suddenly jumped into an aerial view of the Planet Spirit. A man who only had a back view shone down along the Planet Spirit. In the end, a beam of light shot out and landed under Planet Spirit. Like the sea turning into a field, a one-eyed giant ant appeared on Planet Spirit. It reproduced more and more.

Countless one-eyed giant ants appeared on Planet Spirit.

However, on every one-eyed giant ant, there was an invisible light that went straight into the depths of Planet Spirit.

Xu Tui did not understand.

What did that mean?

The three images that contained a large amount of information disappeared. Then, a large amount of information that was similar to consciousness communication surged into his mind. This information was more intuitive and understandable, but it was all information about Planet Spirit.

In an instant, Xu Tui understood the meaning of the third huge screen, especially the latter half.

From the beginning to the end, Planet Spirit was a huge cultivation planet.

Compared to the method of raising them, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Spiritual Cultivation Center that chased countless one-eyed ant beasts and ant-men into it every year was too child’s play.

Only the spirit reproduction methods of this stone statue could be said to be high-level and natural.

From the moment they were born, the life trajectory of the one-eyed ant-men on Planet Spirit, be it the ant-men or the one-eyed ant beasts, would be drawn to the stone statue.

At every moment, a weak spirit surged into the stone statue through an invisible traction.

The quantity was very small. The loss of the spirit in the mental body could be made up for through normal survival.

It could be said that every ant man or ant beast on Planet Spirit was constantly contributing their spirits to the stone statue.

On the other hand, a portion of the spirits collected would be stored, while the rest would be used to maintain the operation and maintenance of the Spirit Receiving Mechanism on Planet Spirit.

From the feedback, the Planet Spirit had existed for a long, long time. Whether it was the decades controlled by the Mechanical Spirit Race or the 120 years of life after the Spirit Queen, they were all very short compared to the existing Planet Spirit.

However, before the Mechanical Spirit Race invaded, the Ant Race on Planet Spirit had provided enough spirits to the stone statue. After removing the consumption of the mechanism, it would be able to complete the race inheritance every sixty years.

Previously, the One-Eyed Ant Clan had a Planetary realm.

After entering the Land of Inheritance twice and accepting the inheritance of the stone statue twice, the Ant-Man Race would be able to break through to the Planetary realm.

However, perhaps it was something that the stone statue with his hands behind his back had not expected. The overpopulation of the ant-men and ant-beasts had brought a huge disaster to the ecosystem of Planet Spirit.

After a period of time, the survival of the ant-men became difficult due to the restrictions of the environment. The survival conditions were harsh, and the number of ant beasts decreased rapidly.

Under such circumstances, the spiritual power obtained by the stone statue with its hands behind its back began to decrease by a percentage. The interval between the inheritances of the ant-men became longer and longer. It went from once every 60 years to 80 years, to 90 years, and now to 120 years.

A certain Spirit Queen of the ant-men race also accidentally discovered that Origin Crystals could speed up the opening of the inheritance door.

However, the effect of inheritance was often not as good as before.

It might not be able to advance to the Planetary realm after two inheritances. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had basically figured out everything about Planet Spirit.

Someone was setting up an arrangement. Furthermore, it was the expert who had set up the arrangement.

From the information Xu Tui had already obtained, the expert who set up this trap was definitely from the Blue Star. Judging from his clothes and actions, he seemed to be from the Huaxia Race.

Unfortunately, it was too late to call for help.

If he called over Gaman from the European Sector and asked him to touch the stone statue, if the stone statue could wrap around Gaman’s finger and pass on its power to him, it could be determined that this stone statue with its hands behind its back was a trap set up from the height of the entire Blue Star.

If it did not work, then this stone statue with its hands behind its back would be from the Huaxia Race.

Of course, it was not too late to scream now.

However, Xu Tui could not bear to.

If Gaman could really inherit the power here, Xu Tui’s heart would ache. Not to mention the massive amount of Origin Energy, even if three to four people split the spiritual power here, there would probably be a large number of silver boxes, starting from ten.

Even if he really wanted to split it, he had to give it to Qu Qingshan, Bu Qingqiu, and the others. Xu Tui did not have such a high style.

There was no hurry to determine if the expert who set up this plan was a Blue Star human or a Huaxia.

Xu Tui was thinking about something else. Was this the only layout of the stone statue with his hands behind his back, or was there more? Did the underground sealed door discovered on Fuqiang asteroid, including the sword-shaped jade slip inside, have anything to do with the stone statue with its hands behind its back?

If not, this matter would be complicated. If there was, this arrangement would be extraordinary. This universe, space, and world seemed to be more complicated than Xu Tui had imagined. Especially today, it was suddenly different.

Where did the first two images happen? Could it be the Blue Star?

It shouldn’t be.

The planet in the image seemed to have been destroyed or successfully invaded. The Blue Star did not seem to have one. It was mainly because there seemed to be a few missing images in the middle of those images.

Xu Tui’s heart suddenly trembled when he thought of this.

There were similar scenes in other places? Was there a similar scene under the

Fuqiang asteroid, but it had been destroyed by the invasion of the Great Xi Clan? Or could it be that there were places like the Land of Inheritance of the Ant Clan on Planet Spirit?

If there was, where was it?

Also, Planet Spirit seemed to be a very high-level place for spiritual colonization. If he could find a few more such places, Xu Tui would not care about the Silver Spirit Box.

However, there did not seem to be any life on the Fuqiang asteroid.

Has the environment changed?

Xu Tui felt a headache coming on when he thought about this. Suddenly, he felt something slowly stick to his body. He opened his eyes and saw that it was the Spirit Queen. He instantly broke out in a cold sweat. He instinctively wanted to attack the Spirit Queen.

However, the Spirit Queen’s pitiful voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind at the same time. “Sir, can you give me some?”

Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword, which was about to slash out, suddenly stopped.

The Spirit Queen approached him and touched him. She did not seem to have any ill intentions.

It was only at this moment that Xu Tui realized that a small portion of the massive amount of Origin Energy that had entered his body had been taken away by the Spirit Queen when she gently touched him with her tentacles.

However, only energy was taken away.

Xu Tui did not stop her when he thought about it and saw how pitiful the Spirit Queen was. “Then I’ll give you some.” He felt pity for the Spirit Queen.

Originally, it was her Land of Inheritance. She had entered with hope and wanted to obtain benefits. In the end, the so-called Ancestral God stone statue on the Land of Inheritance ignored her.

He ignored her!

In the end, the Spirit Queen could only come to Xu Tui’s place to freeload.

What a pity!

Xu Tui left a strand of mind power to pay attention to the movements of the Spirit Queen. He then activated the Vajra Barrier before he began to completely pay attention to his body.

Xu Tui was stunned by the changes in his body the moment he used his introspection. Not only was the size of the originally silver mental body increasing, but even its color was beginning to deepen. There was actually a hint of gold.

There was going to be a qualitative change.

Old Cai did not seem to have reached the golden mental body.

Although the increase in a spirit’s powerful mental body did not directly increase one’s mind power, this spirit concerned the origin of the soul. It could directly increase one’s combat strength to a certain extent.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui could not test it directly now.

However, in the face of the energy that was surging into Xu Tui’s body, Xu Tui only activated his mind power and began to build a mind power barrier in the 72-point Great Genetic Chain. He tried to build an internal circulation chain.

Xu Tui experienced the difference with this test.

Previously, constructing a mind power barrier consumed a lot of mind power. It consumed 10% of his mind power at a time.

But now, the consumption is less than 5%. Moreover, the mental barrier constructed seemed to be harder and faster. It could completely withstand the impact of a larger amount of Origin Energy.

Under such circumstances, the speed at which Xu Tui constructed the internal circulation chain suddenly became extremely fast. Especially when a large amount of Origin Energy surged in, the speed at which he built the internal circulation chain was extremely fast.

One every 20 seconds!

This speed made Xu Tui sigh. The previous two minutes had been a little wasted.

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui focused on building the internal circulation chain, his mind power aura began to rise rapidly.

At the side, the auras around An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie were also rapidly increasing.

This surprised and shocked the Spirit Queen, who was hugging Xu Tui’s thigh and rubbing against his pitiful energy.

The speed at which their auras increased was simply too fast.

Why couldn’t he give her some?

The Spirit Queen felt her stomach ache.

However, why was An Xiaoxue’s aura the fastest among the three of them? Why was her master, Xu Tui, not the fastest?

The Spirit Queen was a little puzzled..