Chapter 1145 - 1145: Stealing Skills And The Order Of The Four Powerhouses (2)

Chapter 1145: Stealing Skills and the Order of the Four Powerhouses (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“As for the extent of the observation, let’s take the very minute pores on your face as an example. I can magnify it 100,000 times under my microscopic perception to observe it. It might even be larger!”

“You… You…” Yanzi could not help but scream and cover her face. She felt like she was touched by a pervert. Why were the pores on her face magnified 100,000 times by Xu Tui? Was her face a black hole?

What a terrifying description.

If Xu Tui had not been the regiment commander and had the power to kill a

Planetary realm powerhouse with one strike, based on Yanzi’s past personality, her long legs would have been imprinted on Xu Tui’s face.

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Uh… It’s just a description. It’s just a metaphor! I won’t really magnify the

pores on your face 100,000 times…”

This explanation almost choked Yanzi to death. He might as well explain.

“Can’t you use another analogy?”

“What about your hair? Is the hair on your arm okay? Can I magnify it a hundred thousand times?”

Yanzi was speechless. She had the urge to seal the mouth of the man in front of her. There was no hair on her arm. Magnified by 100,000 times? Did she have a

primitive forest on her arm?

“It’s just an analogy. It’s just an analogy… Let’s talk about the refinement steps, okay? Back to this question.”

Xu Tui was even more depressed than Yanzi. Did she have to be so exaggerated?

Women…

Xu Tui spent a lot of effort to turn the focus from whether there was a black hole on Yanzi’s face to the refinement step.

“If what you say is true, then I’ll try. I’ll try my best to stir and adjust them so that they’re more even.” Yanzi entered the zone.

“Okay!”

The third refinement began. On the third refinement, Yanzi accepted Xu Tui’s opinion and strengthened the power of the mixture. The refinement time was ten minutes longer than before. It could be said that she had tried her best.

There was a layer of sweat on the tip of Yanzi’s nose. However, at the 14th step, she failed again. It still did not become a jade plate and solidified into countless jade pieces. However, the solidified jade plate was clearly more even than before.

“No, it still doesn’t work. That’s not the problem.” Yanzi looked dejected.

“I think that’s the same problem! You didn’t mix it evenly enough,” Xu Tui said in a low voice.

Yanzi was stunned. “This is already my greatest effort. My mind power is already so strong. Coupled with the distraction from refinement, that’s already the maximum strength I can stir and adjust.”

“In that case, the reason why the refinement failed is that your mind power is not enough?” @@novelbin@@

As soon as Xu Tui said that, Yanzi suddenly froze. A look of understanding appeared in her eyes. “That’s right. My grandfather told me before that if I don’t succeed in the refinement and there are no problems with the steps, there are only two reasons—my mind power is not enough, and my mental body is not strong enough. I still need to cultivate.” After saying that, Yanzi suddenly deflated like a balloon. She said to Xu Tui apologetically, “I’m sorry. This might be the real reason why the refinement failed.

“My mind power was not enough, and my mental body was not strong enough, so the strength and speed of the stir was not enough. Both my mental body and mind power needed a long time of cultivation to improve. Therefore, I might not be able to help you successfully refine the quantum jade core in a short period of time! I’m sorry!”

After saying that, Yanzi added in an extremely conflicted manner, “I’m sorry. I’m worthless!”

Yanzi was extremely dejected when she said this. She withered. She was a proud girl. She was extremely shocked to admit that he was worthless in front of Xu Tui. However, just as she had said, be it mind power or mental body, they could not be effectively enhanced in a short period of time.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows. He could still help with the improvement of her mental body. At most, he would give Yanzi three to five Silver Spirit Boxes. However, Xu Tui was a little worried about giving three to five Silver Spirit Boxes to an outsider woman.

Moreover, even if he strengthened Yanzi’s mental body, her mind power would not be able to increase it in a short period of time.

She still could not successfully refine the quantum jade core. If she could not successfully refine the quantum jade core, Xu Tui’S grand plan would probably be delayed indefinitely.

“How many years do you think you need?” Xu Tui suddenly asked after a moment of silence.

“It might take a year, or three to five years! I cant guarantee it to you,” Yanzi said helplessly.

Xu Tui frowned and thought hard.

This was really troublesome. His mental body and mind power were definitely enough. Xu Tui had grasped most of the refinement method after a few microscopic observations.

However, Xu Tui did not have Yanzi’s special purple fire. He still could not refine a quantum jade core.

This was really strange!

Xu Tui was very depressed. Suddenly, Xu Tui had an idea when he saw the dejected Yanzi.

“Yanzi, look, what you lack is to stir and fuse all kinds of melted things into a very integrated state. Your mind power and mental body are not enough, but mine should be enough. When you refine it, I’ll use my mind power to help you stir and fuse it. How about that? Cooperative refinement?” Xu Tui asked.

Yanzi, who was dejected, was also a little stunned when she heard that. She had never tried or thought of this method. “Will that work?”

“We’ll know if it works after we try.”

“That’s true.”

Just like that, with half a push, the extremely dejected Yanzi began her fourth refinement..