Chapter 1144 - 1144: Stealing Skills And The Order Of The Four Powerhouses (1)

Chapter 1144: Stealing Skills and the Order of the Four Powerhouses (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Yanzi, I need you to have a certain level of trust in me. You are also from the

Supernatural Branch and cultivate mind power. You understand what I mean. Otherwise, I won’t be able to intervene.” Xu Tui and Yanzi sat cross-legged opposite each other in Yanzi’s room. Xu Tui gave his final instructions.

“I understand.” Yanzi nodded, but she did not start refining the quantum jade core. Instead, she widened her eyes and stared at Xu Tui without moving. Even though Xu Tui had extremely strong willpower, he still felt his hair stand on end from Yanzi’s gaze. What was going on? “I’m telling myself that you can be trusted and won’t harm me. I keep repeating it,” Yanzi explained.

Xu Tui was speechless. He wanted to say that he could use advanced hypnosis, but he thought about it and did not say anything.

Yanzi would be shocked if he really spoke. He would let her use the stupidest method to repeat it. It might have happened hundreds or thousands of times. For a moment, Xu Tui could sense that the repulsive feeling in the aura emitted by Yanzi in front of him had suddenly disappeared.

Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes.

“It’s done,” Yanzi said.

“Then you can start. I’ll observe. I’ll tell you directly if there are any problems.”

“Alright.”

Yanzi took out a pile of materials. Yanzi herself also had a quantum dimensional chain. However, the space should not be large. But it would not be a problem to put down all the materials to refine the quantum jade core.

The refinement process was not long. It only took half an hour from the beginning to the failure. This was the first time Xu Tui did not interrupt. Instead, he carefully observed the refinement process of Yanzi until the refinement failed. He wanted to have a comprehensive understanding.

To be honest, Yanzi’s method of refining the quantum jade core had broadened Xu Tui’s horizons.

Currently, the power of the Blue Star is mainly divided into technology and supernatural beings. Xu Tui felt that Yanzi’s method of refining the quantum jade core had already surpassed supernatural beings. It was a little like a mysterious mythical method.

More than a dozen different substances could be combined into a new substance through different refinement methods.

Was this a new stage in the abilities of the Supernatural Branch, or the end of the technological and supernatural direction?

During the entire refinement process, different materials were thrown in at different temperatures at different times. Yanzi used her purple flames to continuously melt these materials.

Miraculously, under normal circumstances, several of these materials would turn to ashes under high temperatures. However, under Yanzi’s control, they turned into a liquid that could flow.

According to Yanzi’s introduction, the entire refinement process was divided into a total of fifteen steps.

The first thirteen steps were normal. The problem was that on the 14th step, which was when she was about to solidify the quantum jade core fluid after throwing the meteorite ashes in, the solidification failed.

The quantum jade core fluid that should have turned into a jade board according to her will directly collapse and condensed into hundreds of small fragments.

It failed!

“Did you see the problem?” Yanzi was a little discouraged after failing again.

“This time, I only made a general understanding. Let’s do it again,” Xu Tui said. @@novelbin@@

“This time, my mental perception will directly envelop you. Don’t resist.”

“Understood.”

In the next moment, as the refinement began, the faint golden mental star core in Xu Tui’s mind spun slightly. His powerful mind power shook, and his mental perception instantly enveloped Yanzi.

His extremely powerful mental body and mind power gave him a thick feeling when he used his mental perception in a small range. The moment she was enveloped by Xu Tui’s mental perception, Yanzi’s pretty face turned slightly red. Her body trembled and she twisted her body uncomfortably.

This feeling was not too comfortable. It felt like she was being hugged by a stranger. She felt a little uncomfortable and nervous. She also had a strange feeling. Yanzi knew very well what she was thinking. If she thought too much,

Xu Tui might sense her. Therefore, she quickly forced herself to calm down and began to refine.

As Yanzi began to refine it, Xu Tui’s microscopic perception also began to focus on observing the first detail of Yanzi’s refinement. There were no problems from the first to the tenth step. The eleventh step was to fuse with the Purple Star Crystal.

The melting of the Purple Star Crystal was more difficult. Yanzi took a full five minutes to complete this step. Then, she stirred and mixed it with her mind power.

This process made Xu Tui frown slightly. There seemed to be a problem. The next step, the 12th, 13th, and 14th steps. Crack. The jade board did not appear. Only fragments of different sizes appeared.

Yanzi looked dejected and her mood became even lower. She was dealt a blow.

“Did you notice any problems?” Yanzi looked at Xu Tui expectantly, hoping that Xu Tui could help her find any problems.

“I don’t have a clear reason for my failure, but I discovered something that doesn’t make sense,” Xu Tui said.

“What place?”

“I don’t know how high the requirements for every step in the refinement process are, but I realized that in the first 14 steps, a total of five steps involve the stirring and mixing of liquid. However, I realized that every time you stirred the melted liquid, it did not seem to be enough. It’s not too uniform,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Yanzi was stunned. “That’s impossible! Every time, I mix the melted liquid very evenly.”

Xu Tui spread out his hands. “I’m just stating the truth. My microscopic perception is observed at the microscopic level..