Chapter 1146 - 1146: Stealing Skills And The Order Of The Four Powerhouses (3)

Chapter 1146: Stealing Skills and the Order of the Four Powerhouses (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“My mind power will temporarily collide with yours. Don’t be nervous.”

“Okay.”

Although she said that there was no problem, Yanzi still let out a cry of surprise when Xu Tui’s mind power slowly entered the refined item controlled by her mind power.

As soon as she dispersed her mind power, the liquid that she had refined spilled all over the ground. If Xu Tui had not reacted quickly and wrapped it with his mind power again, the liquid that had been scattered with high temperatures would have scalded Yanzi and Xu Tui.

“Shall we start over?”

“I’m sorry. Let’s start again.” Yanzi nodded, her pretty face slightly red.

On their fifth attempt, Xu Tui did not have any problems when he slowly inserted his mind power. However, when he started to stir, Yanzi lost her composure again and failed again.

At this moment, Xu Tui suddenly realized why Yanzi had failed consecutively.

“Don’t pay too much attention to the feelings of your mind power. Focus on the jade core that you refined.”

How should he put it? If she paid attention to the contact of mind power, it would not be inferior to the feeling brought about by physical contact between a man and a woman.

It might even be better.

Yanzi shrank her head like a large quail and nodded slightly. She had indeed…

The sixth attempt began. This time, perhaps it was because Yanzi had listened to Xu Tui’s words, or perhaps she had become a little used to it. After all, Xu Tui had entered her mind power several times.

The journey was very smooth. Soon, they reached the 14th step, the key step of condensing the jade core. Visibly, a jade slip the size of a textbook slowly took shape and began to solidify, flickering with a faint light.

However, just as they were about to succeed, there was another crack. The jade board that had already taken shape split into two again.

It shattered again!

Yanzi was stunned again. “Why did I fail again? Why did I fail again!”

Yanzi could not control her emotions. In order to prove her worth, she kept giving in and making bold attempts. She did not expect her to fail. This made Yanzi feel like she was about to break down.

“Previously, it was shattered into small pieces. Now, it’s split into two! Yanzi, we’re just a little short of success. Do you understand? We’ll succeed if we do it again!” Xu Tui said firmly.

Perhaps it was because of his continuous failures that Yanzi lost her confidence. She asked with a conflicted expression, “Really? Will I really succeed if I try again?”

“Really, I promise! I can already feel it.”

“Alright, let’s do it again.” With Xu Tui’s encouragement, Yanzi regained her confidence.

The refinement began again. Xu Tui still entered with his microscopic perception. This time, Xu Tui stirred and adjusted it even more vigorously. It was also more convenient. During the process of mixing and stirring, Xu Tui suddenly froze.

Just now, he seemed to have vaguely sensed the original quantum frequency of a certain power. He had almost sensed it clearly.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui became even more certain of this. The original quantum frequency of a certain power that he sensed should be the purple flames that Yanzi had used to refine the quantum jade core. @@novelbin@@

Of course, he could only vaguely sense it now. However, Xu Tui believed that he would definitely be able to sense the original quantum frequency of the purple fire that Yanzi had used to refine the quantum jade core after eight to ten times.

At that time, Xu Tui would be able to instantiate the purple flames that could be used to refine a quantum jade core.

Xu Tui was already extremely familiar with the refinement process. Didn’t that mean that Xu Tui had succeeded in secretly learning it? In the near future, Xu Tui would be able to refine a quantum jade core himself?

In that case, the value that Yanzi had just proven to him seemed to be useless again. At that moment, Xu Tui felt a little guilty. Wasn’t he a little too shameless?

Just as Xu Tui was evaluating himself, Yanzi, who was opposite him, suddenly jumped up in surprise. She pulled Xu Tui’s hand and jumped up like a little girl. “I did it! Commander, I succeeded! Commander, I’ve successfully refined the quantum jade core!”

At this moment, Yanzi was as happy as a silly girl. Yanzi only realized that something was wrong when Xu Tui looked at her strangely. She quickly let go of Xu Tui’s hand.

Xu Tui took the freshly-made quantum jade core that Yanzi had handed him. There were no energy fluctuations on it yet. That was the 15th step. The 15th step was actually very simple. It was to guide Origin Energy into the quantum jade core.

It was done just like that?

Xu Tui looked at the quantum jade core and was a little surprised.

In that case, he could already try to refine the quantum array core? If he could successfully create a quantum array core, he would be able to implement the next plan in the short term.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui and Yanzi worked together again. After refining another quantum array core, Xu Tui happily carried the two quantum array cores home.

Yes, his and An Xiaoxue’s home.

Yanzi had refined too many times today. Her mind power was almost depleted. She had to rest. However, Xu Tui was suddenly stunned when he returned to his and An Xiaoxue’s nest.

Ah Huang was also there!

However, the atmosphere was not right.

Ah Huang’s expression was written on its face. It gritted its teeth and looked at Xu Tui.

An Xiaoxue was cultivating. However, Xu Tui could sense that An Xiaoxue only looked like she was cultivating. She was not cultivating.

What had happened?

At that moment, Xu Tui felt a little flustered.

On Spirit Il.

Shamera and Wan Tong, who had been nervously waiting for two days, successfully received an order from The Myth’s headquarters.

Shamera and Wan Tong were stunned when they saw the order. This order was a little unexpected.

“Is there really no problem with the order from the headquarters?” The content of the order made Wan Tong a little unhappy.

However, Shamera pointed at the signing symbol on the order displayed. “Ullr, the Golden Crow, Jehovah, and Njord. If you think there’s a problem, you can report it to the higher-ups.” Shamera shrugged.

Looking at the four special signs, the Planetary realm powerhouse, Wan Tong, felt a little helpless. The orders of the four giants of The Myth were the highest orders of The Myth. He did not have the guts.

“Alright, follow the orders..”