Chapter 1148 - 1148: Successful Refinement And Reason For Invading? (2)

Chapter 1148: Successful Refinement and Reason for Invading? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Boohoo… Xiaoxue, can I stop training for a few days tomorrow? It’s too… painful. Yan Lie keeps beheading me… Boohoo…”

“No, you have to persevere through the actual training. You have to persevere.”

Ah Huang was speechless.

“Xu Tui, there are new orders from The Myth’s headquarters. When you have time, come to Spirit Il and let’s talk about our upcoming cooperation.” Xu Tui received a communication from Shamera.

“Cooperation? The Myths won’t pursue the matter of me killing Nortos?”

Nortos was also one of the high-level core members of The Myth. He was one of the Wind Gods. In terms of status, he was even higher than Xu Tui. As for Xu Tui, although his code name was Worldly and he was a high-level member, it was far from the core.

The core members of The Myth had another set of assessment methods.

“This is a misunderstanding. The higher-ups have also agreed that the lack of timely communication of information is not a subjective problem. We are also responsible. We all have a family. This is just friendly fire. This matter was over just like that. Of course, our Myth will give Nortos a very generous compensation,” Old Sha said.

These words piqued Xu Tui’s curiosity. “How generous?”

“I guarantee that his direct descendants will produce a quasi-planetary powerhouse within ten years,” Old Sha said.

This compensation surprised Xu Tui, but it was indeed very generous. No wealth could compare to strength. If he did not have powerful strength but had a huge amount of wealth, he would not be called a tycoon. He would be called a fat pig!

The kind that he could kill.

“Promise to create a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse? Is The Myth that powerful? Can it be achieved?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“That’s definitely not a problem! Including me, if I really die in battle in the future, I will have such compensation. This is where the personal interests of the core members of The Myth lie. Everyone is watching. It’ll definitely work! By the way, if you complete this cooperation with us, you can also become a high-level core member. At that time, you will also enjoy such benefits,” Old Sha said.

“Forget it. I don’t want to sacrifice myself.”

“Look at what you’re saying. You don’t have to sacrifice yourself to enjoy such benefits. You can enjoy such benefits if you complete some missions or make contribution points for the organization,” Old Sha said.

Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. “Is there an age limit? For example, the older ones can also be quasi-planetary realm powerhouses?”

“That won’t do! It doesn’t mean that anyone can do it.” Old Sha paused. “Are you considering your parents?”

Xu Tui nodded in agreement. He had such considerations just now. The lifespan of an ordinary person on the Blue Star was still between 70 and 110 years, but the lifespan of a cultivator would continue to increase.

For example, when a Transmutation Realm expert was 100 years old, they would be like a good young man. Currently, the oldest quasi-planetary expert was 140 years old. He was also a middle-aged man in his forties or fifties.

If Xu Tui’s parents could become quasi-planets, their lifespan would definitely increase greatly.

“It is not possible to do it with your parents’ ages. However, you can if you want to increase their lifespan. Our Myth has several genetic chain update elixirs. Overall, they can increase one’s lifespan by at least 30 years.

“It can guarantee that your parents will not be sick or affected for more than a hundred years! If they have a better foundation, they would have no problems being 120 years old,” Old Sha said. “Of course, this requires you to become a high-level core member. How about it? When are you coming over? Let’s talk about this cooperation. The orders personally signed by the four giants are very sincere in working together.”

“The four giants?” This was the first time Xu Tui had heard of them. @@novelbin@@

Old Sha gave Xu Tui a general explanation.

The Myths were divided into two parts: internal and external. The public was the current Myth Charity Organization. The highest manager was the Lord of Myth, and they were mainly non-core members.

Core members were core members who could be used as combat power. The highest decision-making level in the internal department was the four giants of The Myth. However, they were still led by the Lord of The Myth, Ullr.

During the exchange, Old Sha revealed a piece of news to Xu Tui. The four giants of The Myth were all Planetary realm powerhouses. Furthermore, they were very powerful Planetary realm powerhouses.

This was especially so for the Lord of Myths, Ullr. He was most likely the strongest human on the Blue Star.

Xu Tui believed this and suspected it.

Who didn’t know how to brag?

Xu Tui did not believe in bragging without any battle results. He did not see the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, fight Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

Xu Tui even thought that it was Old Sha’s excuse for him to cooperate with them to complete the mission and become a high -level core member in order to display The Myth’s strength. Of course, the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, might really have the strength to fight Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

However, Xu Tui despised the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, even more.

In such a dangerous situation, even though the Lord of Myths, Ullr, had all his strength, he did not take action. What was he? In the defense of the moon, if not for the warriors and experts of the Huaxia Sector taking the lead to launch a suicidal death charge, the moon would have been broken through.

He despised him!

At the thought of this, Xu Tui suddenly made an extremely clear judgment. It would have been fine if The Myth did not have much strength..