Chapter 1155 - 1155: The Exalted Old Cai

Chapter 1155: The Exalted Old Cai

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Under Cai Shaochu’s communication, the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization organized an extremely confidential long-range meeting.

There were only two seats in each sector.

There was a seat for the person-in-charge and a seat for a Planetary realm powerhouse. The Myth Organization only had one seat.

There was only one seat for the Blue Star Genetic Committee. Other than that, no one else could participate. The contents of the meeting were recorded by the supercomputer and activated the physical isolation level security level.

The meeting was held on the 6th of July. The main venue was the Mars crater base, which was connected to the Manut asteroid and the Moon. The meeting began on time. All the participants looked at Wei Bin, the person-in-charge of the extra- terrestrial of the Huaxia Sector.

This meeting was called by Wei Bin. The content was top-secret.

“Lieutenant General Wei, can you announce the contents of the meeting now?”

Up until now, the participants were still not sure what the topic of this meeting was.

Both the people in charge of the various sectors and the Planetary powerhouse representatives of the various sectors were extremely curious about this matter.

This meeting was a round table. Wei Bin, whose virtual projection had landed in a corner of the round table, smiled and pointed at the Planetary representative of the Huaxia Sector, Cai Shaochu.

“I initiated today’s meeting, but Principal Cai Shaochu will preside over it.”

Although Cai Shaochu was no longer the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, no one was that free to correct Wei Bin’s mistake. When everyone’s gazes turned over, Cai Shaochu cleared his throat. “Let’s get straight to the point. However, the topic of today’s meeting is about to start, so we can’t avoid one person. Therefore, I have to introduce someone to everyone present first. I hope that everyone can get to know this warrior of the Huaxia Sector again!”

Cai Shaochu waved his hand, and a huge photo of Xu Tui when he was the commander of the Worldly Special Force was projected on the big screen.

The moment the photo was released, the participants were in an uproar. The

Planetary powerhouse from the India Sector, Itavi, immediately protested,

“Principal Cai, what do you mean by introducing us to a traitor from the Blue Star? Moreover, from your definition, you’ve defined this Blue Star traitor as a warrior of the Huaxia Sector! I doubt that!”

At the same time, the Planetary powerhouse from the American Sector, Haren, also frowned slightly. “Mr. Cai, I think you need to give us an explanation.”

Almost at the same time, all the representatives of the alliances present looked at Cai Shaochu. The meaning was clear as day. They needed an explanation.

Old Cai sighed and spread his hands. “Look, I said that I wanted to introduce him to you again, but you didn’t even give me a chance to introduce him. Itavi, if you don’t even have this bit of patience, including the alliance behind you, why don’t you leave the meeting? I don’t think there’s a need for you to participate in the rest of the meeting. You guys can leave! We’ll continue this meeting after you leave!”

Itavi’s expression instantly darkened. He narrowed his eyes and looked at Cai Shaochu. Cai Shaochu had taken gunpowder. He had actually attacked him in a meeting. This had never happened in the past.

“If it’s just about the traitor, then this meeting…” Nilab, the deputy director of the India Sector’s Genetic Committee, wanted to express his support for the Planetary powerhouse, Itavi. He had to help his own people.

However, he did not dare to say it. His political sensitivity made him feel that there was a pit.

Cai Shaochu smiled when he saw this. “The first topic of the meeting is to calm the situation. Clear Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, and Yan Lie’s names. Remove the hat of a Blue Star traitor from their heads. The seven sectors and one organization would issue a public apology to them. At the same time, give the three of them the Golden Medal of the Blue Star Guardian!”

Cai Shaochu raised three conditions in a row. Every condition made the expressions of all the participants change.

Cai Shaochu had come prepared. Otherwise, he would not have dared to be so confident. Itavi’s eyes flickered as his mind raced. He did not understand where Cai Shaochu’s confidence came from. It was the decision of all the alliances to label Xu Tui as a traitor. It was not easy to change the situation now.

They had to vote.

Under normal circumstances, this vote could not be passed. Unless Cai Shaochu took out something that the other sectors could not refuse.

Did Cai Shaochu have something heavy in his hands? At the thought of this, Itavi’s expression instantly became calm. He glanced gently at Nilab, indicating for him to sit quietly.

“Itavi, if you want to leave, you can leave now! If you leave now, the next vote will be a silent objection. Hurry up and leave. We’ll vote if you leave.” Itavi’s eyes were half-closed, as if he did not hear him.

“Eh, you should leave. Why aren’t you leaving? Xu Tui is a traitor to the Blue Star. It’s fine as long as you stick to your point of view. Hurry up and leave. I thank you! Also, Haren, you and Maiponeo can leave immediately if you want to. I thank you too! Hurry up if you want to leave. Don’t pretend to be a coward if you don’t!”

However, no matter what Cai Shaochu said, Itavi, Nilab, and the others acted as if they did not hear him. In any case, they did not leave.

Could Cai Shaochu chase them away? These people were certain that Cai Shaochu had something up his sleeve.

Actually, Cai Shaochu did not want to chase them away. Instead, he wanted to use the meeting as an opportunity to vent his anger.

Back then, Xu Tui had no choice but to take away the captives in exchange for An Xiaoxue and the others. It was almost a slim chance of survival. However, he was labeled a traitor by the meeting of the Blue Star.

Old Cai was furious! He could not wait to hammer all of these bastards. However, his identity was there, and the people he wanted to hammer were not on the Manut asteroid. He was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood.

It was only today that he could run three feet in satisfaction.

It felt so good!

Looking at Itavi and Nilab, who were pretending to be deaf and mute, Cai

Shaochu chuckled. “Your dog noses are really sharp!” After cursing again, Cai Shaochu projected a narrative-like document and a portion of the image. It cnnld he cnnqidered an extremelv gimnle PowerPoint

With just a glance, all the participants present instantly sat up straight. They could not take their eyes off him.

“Is that true?”

“Is there any other evidence?”

“We need battle videos, environmental videos!”

“Principal Cai, we need more supporting evidence.”

“Principal Cai, please explain.”

In an instant, everyone present asked Cai Shaochu a question. Itavi, Nilab, Haren, and the others also wanted to ask, but they held back in the end. They already somewhat understood what Cai Shaochu’s ultimate move was.

If they asked now, they would definitely be ridiculed by Old Cai. They might as well not ask. @@novelbin@@

In any case, the others were asking. They just had to listen quietly. Faced with the questions of the higher-ups, Cai Shaochu played with his personality again, perfectly displaying his stubborn personality.

“Supplementary evidence? Evidence? Not a single one. It means that there’s no need. They’re all inside! Believe it or not, it’s up to you. Those who want to leave can leave now. There’s no battle video! If you don’t believe me, forget it.

Hurry up and leave!”

Cai Shaochu looked at Itavi, Nilab, and the others with ill intentions. The representatives of the various sectors were rendered speechless. Itavi, Nilab, Haren, and the others simply ignored him and sat calmly.

Nilab and Ilavi were mentally prepared. They would sit today even if Old Cai spat in their faces. The representatives looked at each other. Helpless, they looked at Wei Bin for help.

Cai Shaochu was unreasonable and only vented his anger. However, Wei Bin, the person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial of the Huaxia Sector, was still very principled and reasonable.

However, this time, they were also disappointed.

“Actually, Principal Cai was the one who contacted me for today’s meeting. I’m just a tool to initiate the meeting.” Wei Bin shrugged.

Everyone was a little depressed. It looked like they were destined to be scolded by Cai Shaochu today.

It was a simple plan, but the information it revealed was shocking.

Xu Tui successfully exchanged for and saved the members of the pioneer raiders who were trapped by the Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui had killed a Planetary powerhouse from the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Xu Tui had captured the resource planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Xu Tui obtained some key information.

The simple content made all the participants expect that the main topic of today’s meeting was not to clear Xu Tui’s name.

This was just an appetizer!

The real show was at the back.

“Alright, the topic of today’s meeting has been announced. Next, let’s vote on the matter of giving Xu Tui and the other two a public apology, as well as the Golden Medal of the Blue Star Guardian. The first vote begins now! Those who agree, please raise your hand. If you don’t, you’re objecting!” Cai Shaochu said directly. His gaze was like an eagle as he stared over.

There was a whooshing sound.

Cai Shaochu was stunned.

That was not right, right? They all f*cking agreed. It passed unanimously? You can’t do that, right?

He also wanted to find a guy who objected. He wanted to take this opportunity to vent his anger and get some benefits for Xu Tui. He did not expect it to pass unanimously.

“Old Itavi, did you make a mistake? You should object,” Cai Shaochu asked directly.

Itavi was not embarrassed at all. “My stance is very correct. I agree!” “Don’t you think there’s insufficient evidence?”

“It’s enough! I didn’t question it.” At this moment, Itavi was as honest as he could be.

Cai Shaochu felt very good, but he felt that it was lacking. He had wanted to take this opportunity to chase Itavi and the others out. When the real plan was announced, he would let Itavi and the others cry and beg him to join the plan. Then, he would take the opportunity to get some more benefits for Xu Tui and rip them off.

He did not expect Itavi, Nilab, and even Haren to admit defeat.

It was a little…

The vote was carried out very quickly. It cleared the names of Xu Tui and the others. It was unanimously approved.

The seven sectors and one organization publicly apologized and sent an apology letter to Xu Tui. It was unanimously approved. Only Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, stopped them from giving Xu Tui the Golden Medal of the Blue Star Guardian.

“Xu Tui might have been wronged and saved the hostages. He has also made contributions to the battle merits. However, I think that he is not worthy of the reward of the Golden Medal of the Blue Star Guardian. Even if we really want to give it out, we have to follow the regular procedures! The supreme honor of the Blue Star Guardian cannot be damaged!”

Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, finally played a role at this moment.

Cai Shaochu did not force him.

Cai Shaochu was very clear-headed about such matters. If he insisted on such a thing, he would become a rule-breaker again.

“Alright, next, we will proceed to the third item on today’s agenda.” After saying that, Cai Shaochu glanced at Itavi and Haren and said, “You should be glad that you did not vote against it just now!”

Itavi, Haren, Nilab, and the others broke out in a cold sweat at the same time. They were lucky that they had chosen the right place. Otherwise, they would have been trapped here.

In the next moment, Cai Shaochu typed out another plan.

The title of the plan was—Solar System Invasion Plan, exterminate the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base!

As soon as the contents of the plan were announced, the entire venue exploded again. In a few seconds, all kinds of questions surged towards Cai Shaochu like a tidal wave..