Chapter 1157 - 1157: The Myth Operation And Meeting

Chapter 1157: The Myth Operation and Meeting

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

July 14th, Manut asteroid.

Cai Shaochu, who had already returned to his position as the principal of the extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College, slowly rose into the air at the Huaxia Sector’s general base. Actually, he could not be considered to have taken over again.

After Cai Shaochu stepped down as the principal of the extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College, his position had always been empty.

This position required the recognition of the various forces and a balance between them. The key was that it had extremely high requirements for one’s strength, ability characteristics, morals, conduct, and integrity.

Not everyone could take on the position just because they wanted to.

In the middle, the India Sector had suggested that their Planetary powerhouse, Itavi, be the principal of the extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

The Planetary powerhouse from the Russian Federation, Anlevich, had only said one sentence, and had already defeated the India Sector. Did he want to turn the extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College into the Sun Temple?

They could not even find the culprit of the tragedy at their Sun Temple. Did they want to harm the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College?

The person-in-charge of the American Sector also suggested that Haren, the strongest planetary powerhouse in the American Sector, be the principal of the extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

This time, the person who objected was Augusto, a Planetary powerhouse from the European Sector.

He told a joke that had the flavor of Huaxia.

“Is Haren trying to open a harem in the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College?”

The person-in-charge of the American Sector, Maiponeo, was speechless on the spot, let alone refute. If it were any other position, he would have been able to speak up and defend Haren. However, this university naturally had a requirement ror morals.

Haren’s harem was indeed a little crowded. It was said that half of the quasi-planetary powerhouses in the American Sector had once entered Haren’s room late at night, including Haren’s students.

Therefore, the position of the principal of the Extra -terrestrial Genetic Evolution College was really uncertain.

Until now, Xu Tui’s name had been cleared. Cai Shaochu had returned as a king.

However, Cai Shaochu was a little unwilling at first. He found it annoying. There were too many chores. In the end, under the persuasion of various parties, he reluctantly accepted the position.

At this moment, Cai Shaochu had risen into the air to trade with Xu Tui for the quantum array core that the alliances were looking forward to.

The quantum array core was the foundation of future operations. Without the quantum array core, the alliances would not dare to mobilize their forces on a large scale. At the same time, there was no point in expanding too much.

If they could not establish an efficient communication device, expanding too much would only plant the seeds for division.

Therefore, the quantum array core was extremely important.

At this moment, Cai Shaochu had just taken to the air. Cheng Daxing, the military commander of the Asteroid Belt, brought people to send him off. After all, it was a long interstellar journey, and it was a one-man trip.

Although someone strongly suggested that it was best for Cai Shaochu to bring two more planetary powerhouses to complete this deal to ensure safety, he was firmly rejected by Cai Shaochu.

What a joke. If Cai Shaochu brought people along, would he not have enough tails?

Almost the moment Cai Shaochu rose into the air, auras also rose from the integrated bases of the other sectors and organizations of the Manut asteroid, watching Cai Shaochu from afar.

Cai Shaochu, who had stopped in the air, looked at the various bases of the Manut asteroid below. He tightened his sleeves and adjusted the disciplinary buckle in the middle of his mountain suit. He cupped his hands in the distance and instantly disappeared.

With another flash, even with the vision of the planetary powerhouses below, Cai Shaochu’s figure became a small black dot.

He instantly left. In just ten minutes, reports sounded continuously in the bases of the other sectors.

“Reporting, we have lost track of Cai Shaochu. We can’t track him, lock onto his aura, or determine his direction.” An electronic voice with a female voice sounded in the general base of the American Sector. It instantly made the extra-terrestrial personnel of the American Sector, Maiponeo, look depressed.

However, Maiponeo was not disappointed. Instead, he looked at Haren, who was sitting cross-legged in the quiet room opposite him.

Haren was the strongest planetary powerhouse in the American Sector. He was just a little flirtatious. However, he had lightning-type supernatural being abilities and extremely powerful combat strength.

In the public ranking, Haren’s combat strength was ranked behind Cai Shaochu and Itavi among the planetary powerhouses on the Blue Star.

However, over the years, Haren had rarely taken action and had obtained almost the entire country’s top resources. According to the judgment of the American Sector, Haren already had the strength to fight against the two super experts of the Blue Star, Erera.

He had the strength to defeat Cai Shaochu and Itavi.

Of course, this comparison was only based on the information they had. They did not know how much improvement Cai Shaochu and Itavi had made.

Cai Shaochu had taken action during the previous battles of Earth defense and Mars counterattack. He had a certain understanding of Cai Shaochu’s strength. He did not know about Itavi and the others. In any case, he could not underestimate it.

However, Haren was definitely the undisputed number one expert in the

American Sector. He might even be one of the super experts on the Blue Star in

the future.

However, it was not the time to be exposed. This was also the reason why Maiponeo had strong confidence in Haren. This was because when Cai Shaochu set off today, Haren had already personally set off to track him.

There was no absolute malice in this kind of tracking.

However, the quantum array core was too important. They wanted to try to find Xu Tui’s whereabouts from Cai Shaochu and see if they could obtain a way to obtain the quantum array core. @@novelbin@@

Two sets of quantum array cores could only support the Blue Star in starting this war against the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. But the most important thing was after the battle.

If they had more quantum array cores, the American Sector would be able to obtain more territory and benefits in the future. They would have stronger control and mechanical power, as well as the speed at which their combat strength was gathered.

It was very important!

Maiponeo did not dare to disturb Haren. He only stared quietly at the quiet room opposite him. About ten minutes later, a blue light suddenly exploded from the sky and returned to the quiet room.

A few seconds later, the door of the quiet room opened. A handsome middle-aged man, Haren, who was tall and even though he was almost a hundred years old, had a face that looked like he was in his forties. He had a full beard.

With this appearance and his strength and status, it was impossible for him not to be flirtatious.

However, according to many female quasi-planetary powerhouses, Haren was as fast in bed as his lightning.

Maiponeo felt a little regretful. If those female quasi-planetary powerhouses were willing to sleep with him, they should be able to experience his bull-like speed.

It was not a flash of lightning!

“Mr. Haren, how is it?” Maiponeo forced the thoughts out of his mind before he went forward. He did not want Haren to sense these thoughts.

Haren, who had walked out, shook his head. “I didn’t catch up! I feel that Cai Shaochu’s escape word has improved again! Or his strength, or his mind power, has increased to a certain extent. It’s even more unpredictable than before. I didn’t catch up!”

“That’s a pity.”

“Let’s wait! If this plan starts to be implemented, Xu Tui will definitely appear. There will be plenty of opportunities,” Haren said.

“Indeed.”

At the same time, a similar scene happened at the European Sector’s general base, the Russian Federation’s general base, the Huaya Sector’s general base, and the India Sector’s general base.

They wanted to track Cai Shaochu in all kinds of ways, but they all failed.

In the general base of The Myth, the Lord of The Myth, Ullr, was sitting in the base and waiting quietly. A cigar between his fingers flickered. He had a leisurely expression. The code name of the planetary powerhouse, Athena, stood behind him with a bow. She was also waiting quietly.

Just like that, after the Lord of Myths, Ullr, changed to another cigar, a line of indescribable characters suddenly came from the huge screen.

The Myth’s Ullr frowned slightly. “As expected of Cai Shaochu. His strength has improved again. Even Artemis failed to track him.”

“Artemis also failed?” Athena, who was behind Ullr, was a little shocked. After all, her code name in mythology was Artemis, and her best power was tracking.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, nodded, but his brows relaxed. A smile appeared on his face. “All sides are desperately hiding their strength. The Blue Star is really exciting! Athena, contact Eris and get her to prepare. It’s time for her to appear again,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

Athena was a little surprised. She did not expect Ullr to directly mobilize Eris. However, the next sentence added by the Lord of Myths shocked her even more.

“Remember, let Eris’s main body move out, not her clone.”

“We’re going to mobilize the main body?” Athena was stunned. “Sir, this might cause her a little trouble. Her current identity has been running for almost ten years. It has provided us with countless conveniences.”

“So be it. Next, her goal will be even more important! The channel of Xu Tui’s quantum array core will be the most important thing that will affect the future. Who can dominate the solar system will depend on who can obtain the channel of the quantum array core,” The Myth Ullr said.

“Sir, didn’t you say that Xu Tui’s quantum array core comes from the Mechanical Spirit Race?”

“These words can fool the other sectors! A quantum array core, and a quasi-planetary realm quantum array core, not to mention the Mechanical Spirit Race, even Lei Tian from the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base does not have a lot.

“Xu Tui had actually taken out two sets in one go and contributed generously. It was different even if we had to spend Origin Crystals to buy them. This meant that Xu Tui might have more quantum array cores. He might have three or five sets. Therefore, this was necessary.

“Let Eris’s main body take action. Let her plan slowly. We can afford to wait,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

Hearing this, Athena nodded and began to log into another communication channel in the Control Center. Then, she used unknown characters to send a long string of orders. They began to wait quietly.

About an hour later, they received another string of unknown characters.

“Sir, Eris has replied. Order received, but she needs time to evacuate safely.”

“Give her time. I have confidence in her.”

Athena also nodded slightly. She was also very confident in Eris. Eris had once used a relatively famous clone. The clone’s code name was—Painted Skin!

In the pitch-black vast space, Cai Shaochu suddenly flashed out. The suspense was in space. His powerful mind power rippled out like water. He shook it three to five times before sneering. “These guys still want to tail me? No way!”

In the next moment, Cai Shaochu identified the direction again and instantly disappeared. Even though he had confirmed that he had shaken off the pursuer, Cai Shaochu was still very careful.

Two days later, Cai Shaochu appeared on a dead asteroid. This was an asteroid with little development value. Of course, it did not mean that there were none. There were still basic metal resources. The moment he landed, Cai Shaochu instantly looked in another direction. “Rascal, get out here. I see you.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui rubbed the tip of his nose and walked out of the cover on the ground. He had an awkward expression. “Principal, you can even notice this. I feel that I hid it very well.”

“Your aura has indeed fused with the surrounding environment and is well hidden! However, your aura has brought a trace of vitality to this dead asteroid.

It’s as obvious as a pillar that can hold up the sky early in the morning. What’s the point of hiding it!”

“Huh?” Xu Tui had an awkward expression..