Chapter 1150 - 1150: Successful Refinement And Reason For Invading? (4)

Chapter 1150: Successful Refinement and Reason for Invading? (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“However, if you want to solidify it, you have to choose a suitable location, such as the location where the planet’s energy is emitted, to permanently solidify it. You Blue Star people are too terrifying.” Yanzi looked at it and exclaimed, “The quantum array core can be said to be one of the most powerful reliance of our Spiritual Race. Even if it’s made public, no species can learn it.

But you learned it.”

At this moment, Yanzi’s shock was indescribable.

“Actually, Yanzi, I’m thinking of a question. What exactly is the relationship between your Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans?” Xu Tui asked.

“What’s their relationship?”

“Look, we look basically the same. Your Spiritual Race is only slightly taller. Then, we have the same language. In the testing technology of the Blue Star, the Spiritual Race is 99-3% similar to the genomic chain of the Blue Star humans. You are only 0.7% away. I don’t understand. Why does your Spiritual Race have to invade and occupy our Blue Star? Was it for the so-called spirit?

Or do you have other motives?”

For the first time, Xu Tui asked the question in his heart.

Yanzi was confused.

“I haven’t considered any of the questions you mentioned! Why did our Spiritual Race come to the solar system to invade the Blue Star? I don’t know either! It’s said that it’s a unanimous decision of the Sanctuary. A long time ago, the Holy Ancestor personally decided on this matter. It concerns the life and death of our Spiritual Race,” Yanzi said.

“Invading our Blue Star concerns the life and death of your Spiritual Race? Did the Holy Ancestor personally decide it?”

Yanzi unintentionally revealed another key piece of information to Xu Tui.

Then, what did the Blue Star have that concerned the life and death of the Spiritual Race? Xu Tui was also very curious about this.

“We’ll refine the quantum jade core in a day or two.” After giving his instructions, Xu Tui left with the pair of quantum array cores and the other ten quantum jade cores. He arrived at the newly built space communication center. The person in charge here was Wei Cang. “How is it?”

“Commander, I’ve already found the special communication frequency of the Huaxia Sector based on the frequency given by the commander-in-chief of the base, Ah Huang. I’ve already sent a message over and am responding,” Wei Cang said.

“How long is the delay?”

“The communication delay is estimated to be 21 hours. In half a day, we will receive a response from the Huaxia Sector in Manut,” Wei Cang said.

“You’ve worked hard! Continue guarding. Send this message out after you receive a response. Specify that Principal Cai Shaochu will receive it.” Xu Tui patted Wei Cang’s shoulder and gave him a meaningless message.

“You’ve worked hard! Continue guarding. Send this message out after you receive a response. Specify that Principal Cai Shaochu will receive it.” Xu Tui patted Wei Cang’s shoulder and gave him a meaningless message.

This was one of the sequenceless password books that Xu Tui and Old Cai had agreed on. There was basically no probability of cracking it.

“Yes, I understand.”

“Let me know immediately if you hear anything.” After leaving the newly built space communication center on Planet Spirit, Xu Tui sent a message to Old Sha. “I’ll look for you on Spirit Il to discuss a cooperation.”

“Welcome, very welcome!”

A minute later, when Yin Ba, Lavis, and Yin Liulong rushed over after receiving Xu Tui’s orders, Xu Tui rode his sword into the sky and charged toward Spirit

11.

Xu Tui’s current speed on his sword could already exceed the speed of ordinary fighter jets..@@novelbin@@