Chapter 1159 - 1159: Cost Price And Price Exchange (2)

Chapter 1159: Cost Price and Price Exchange (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Everyone, including Shang Long, highly suspected that there might be even more powerful forces above the planetary realm. He even suspected that the Spiritual Race’s Divine Ancestor, who had killed the Fire God, Gavro, with a single finger, might be an existence above the planetary realm.

Then the question was, why did all races have such a level of name? And it was so unified?

Cai Shaochu’s research believed that this was related to the conservation of cosmic energy. The research direction was a little mysterious. The size of the territory they occupied might affect the speed and number of planetary realm powerhouses.

This research direction was just a conjecture in the past.

However, this time, the Blue Star humans arrived at the asteroid belt after breaking through the Earth, Moon, and Phobos. They began to expand rapidly in the asteroid belt, giving Cai Shaochu an opportunity to research.

That was why Cai Shaochu had such a question today.

Cai Shaochu had explained it clearly to Xu Tui, but Xu Tui was still at a loss. It was a little mysterious.

This seemed to involve the so-called general trend.

Xu Tui felt that his brain was not enough.

“Principal, do you want to go to Planet Spirit to take a look?” Xu Tui suddenly suggested after they had communicated enough.

Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui. “Didn’t you say that the fighter jet would take at least 24 days to fly from here? A planetary realm powerhouse would also take about half a month to fly. Isn’t a month too long?”

“A month back and forth?” Xu Tui smiled proudly. “Principal, you’re thinking too much. It won’t take a month back and forth. It’ll only take a day.”

“A day?” Under Cai Shaochu’s stunned gaze, Xu Tui brought Cai Shaochu into a cave. In the cave, a quantum teleportation channel that was emitting a faint light was slowly spinning. Cai Shaochu was instantly stunned when he saw this. He suddenly turned to look at Xu Tui. “Planetary realm? Is this a quantum teleportation channel that can teleport planetary realm powerhouses?” “Yes, the cooldown is one day for one teleportation!”

Cai Shaochu was stunned. Then, he lamented, “What a waste. You’re too wasteful! It’s too wasteful to use this set of quantum array cores just like that!”

“Uh… Principal, I just want to try setting up the quantum array core once to accumulate experience. You can study it later. However, you have to reimburse me for the Origin Crystals. It’s too expensive to use this thing. I can’t even afford it,” Xu Tui said.

At the mention of Origin Crystals, Cai Shaochu suddenly looked at Xu Tui with a playful gaze. “Are you short of Origin Crystals? How many Origin Crystals do you want?”

“Principal, I don’t have anyone here to pamper me. I have to snatch resources. How can I not lack Origin Crystals? Just charging this quantum array core that can teleport planetary realm powerhouses consumed 4,000 grams of Origin

Crystals, excluding the materials. Then, I used another 3,000 grams of Origin Crystals to activate it. I didn’t use much during the teleportation.

“A planetary realm powerhouse like you would need at least 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals to teleport later. Ten thousand. You have to compensate me with 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals! Otherwise, I would be extremely poor.

“Also, you have to give me a cost price of 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals for the quantum array core I gave you. Otherwise, we won’t even have any Origin Crystals to replenish our energy when we fight one day.” Xu Tui spoke non-stop.

Actually, the cost price was not that high. The cost price of a quasi-planetary was only 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Currently, Xu Tui could at most make a quantum array core that allows planetary powerhouses to pass through intermittently. The cost price was also 4,000 grams.

Xu Tui was still thinking about earning some money from running errands. @@novelbin@@

“The cost is 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals!” Cai Shaochu looked deeply at Xu Tui. “You are really…”

“Principal, I really didn’t ask for too much.” Xu Tui quickly explained, but Cai Shaochu slapped him on the head. This time, Xu Tui’s attention was not there. He was hit by Cai Shaochu.

“Heh, I’ve finally slapped you! Awesome!” Cai Shaochu clapped happily. “The cost price of 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals is really cheap. It was rare! Could it be that you still have the heart to repay the country after leaving home for so long? Not bad!”

Cai Shaochu said this very seriously. After he finished speaking, he changed the topic and chuckled. ‘Guess how much I’ll give you? Or rather, how much did I bring?”

“This…” Xu Tui was a little nervous. “Principal, I know that you are tight on money, but this cost price is really the cost price! Actually, I did not calculate the cost of the materials to refine the quantum array core or even the cost of manpower. We obtained the materials by sweeping through a few planets. We didn’t spend Origin Crystals, so…”

“Shut up. If you continue to act pitiful, I’ll whip you!” Cai Shaochu lectured them, but he threw out a large suitcase. “I know that you’ve had a hard time for the past half a year. Therefore, that was all I could do. Open it and take a look.”

Xu Tui was puzzled. He opened the box and his eyes widened. He was instantly stunned. “So many… I’m afraid there are more than 300,000 grams of Origin

Crystals? How can there be so many? Principal, did you steal the treasury of the Blue Star’s alliances or use fake goods to fool me?”

“Fake? Do you have eyes?” Cai Shaochu kicked Xu Tui angrily. Xu Tui endured it in peace. With Xu Tui’s mind power, how could he not know that these Origin Crystals were real? However, the source of these Origin Crystals in the future.

“There are 230,000 grams of Origin Crystals. It’s the price that the Blue Star’s alliances paid for your two quasi-quality quantum array cores. Other than the weaker Africa Sector paying 10,000 grams, in other aspects, each alliance had paid 15,000 grams of Origin Crystals.”

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. “Principal… You… Are you extorting money from the other sectors?”

“Speak properly!” Cai Shaochu glared at Xu Tui and kicked him again. “What do you mean by extortion? Your quantum array core is definitely worth this price now. The other 100,000 grams of Origin Crystals is the price of the two additional quantum array cores that you are prepared to give to the Huaxia Sector.

“Sorry, the price is a little low. However, this is the limit of the number of Origin Crystals that the extra-terrestrial can use at the moment. Any more will affect the future battle,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui frowned. “Principal, didn’t I say that the two additional quantum array cores given to the Huaxia Sector are only at the cost price at most?”

Cai Shaochu glanced at Xu Tui and shook his head. “Xu Tui, do you know what is the most precious thing?”

“Priceless?”

“No, you’ve paid a price! Free is the cheapest. You’ll only cherish something that you’ve paid a price to show its value. I understand your feelings for the Huaxia Sector. I also understand your heart. However, remember, you can’t give it away for free. There has to be a price to trade! This will benefit both sides. Otherwise…

Xu Tui was deep in thought. He nodded gently.

“As long as you remember.” Cai Shaochu nodded. He looked at the quantum teleportation channel in front of him and said, “Let’s go. Bring me to your territory and Planet Spirit.”

“Alright.”

A few seconds later, Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu disappeared from the temporary quantum teleportation tunnel after he activated the vigilant self-destruction device..