Chapter 1152 - 1152: To Gain Something Without Risking Anything Of One’S Own (2)

Chapter 1152: To Gain Something Without Risking Anything of One’s Own (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui shook his head. “I don’t want to. I only have a few people under me. One Planet Spirit is enough! Moreover, I can give up on Planet Spirit at any time. To be honest, I’m not interested in your cooperation plan!

“How powerful would the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Dissimilate Clan be? Do you think I need to cooperate with you if I want to deal with them? I can still deal with two to three Planetary realm experts,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

Old Sha and Wan Tong took a look. They knew very well that Xu Tui was not bragging. However, what was Xu Tui’s cooperative attitude? Did Xu Tui want to bargain or something else?

“Xu Tui, we are very sincere. You know that positioning is a priceless treasure in space,” Old Sha said.

“Do you think that I know nothing? I can tell you clearly that the Yin Ba standing outside the door is the former eighth elder of the Mechanical Spirit Race. The eighth elder! Do you understand what I mean?” Xu Tui said.

Old Sha and Wan Tong looked at each other. They looked outside the door and revealed shocked expressions. If that was the case, their so-called advantage in position did not exist in front of Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, tell me, how do you want to cooperate?” Old Sha asked after a few seconds of silence. He was asking Xu Tui to name a price.

“I don’t want to cooperate!” Xu Tui, who had swallowed a few plates of meat in a row, wiped his oily mouth and crossed his legs. “Give me a few more plates of meat. Give me more. Don’t be petty.”

As Old Sha got someone to serve the meat, he frowned. “Xu Tui, to be honest, you can name any cooperation conditions you want! I’ll see if we can accept it.”

The reason why Old Sha said that was not only because of the orders of the four giants of The Myth, but also because of Xu Tui’s ability to kill Nortos with one strike. If they encountered a Planetary realm powerhouse, even if Nortos and Wan Tong worked together, it would be very difficult to kill him in a short period of time.

However, Xu Tui could.

This kind of killing was extremely threatening. To a certain extent, the influence of Xu Tui killing Nortos with one strike was already similar to Erera’s deterrence. This was the real reason for Old Sha’s compromise.

“Old Sha, we’re old acquaintances. I’m not bargaining with you! I’m really not interested in working together.”

Xu Tui’s words stunned Old Sha and Wan Tong. If they were really not interested in working together, what was there to talk about?

“Then why did you come to talk about cooperation with us? I think you’re just teasing us, right?” As a Planetary realm powerhouse, Wan Tong was a little unhappy.

“I’m here to discuss a collaboration with you. However, you guys are playing a child’s game. It’s easy. I don’t fancy it,” Xu Tui said.

“We played a child’s game. It’s easy. You don’t like it. What do you mean?” Old Sha did not look too good. He did not feel good being taught a lesson by his former brother. Two years ago, Xu Tui had only stood there and been scolded by him.

“It means exactly what it means!” Xu Tui raised his head.

Xu Tui’s disdainful gaze made Wan Tong, a Planetary realm powerhouse, furious. “Then play big for us to see!”

“How about attacking Planet Kono, where the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base is?”

“You know about Planet Kono? You even know its location?” Wan Tong was stunned.

Old Sha was stunned on the spot. “Xu Tui, are you serious?

“Of course! Do you think the Spiritual Race are fools? The Mechanical Spirit Race had suffered a lot at my hands. I can tell you clearly that the Mechanical Spirit Race has already lost three Planetary realm powerhouses at my hands. This had already attracted the attention of the Spiritual Race.

“If the Mechanical Spirit Race continued to lose people because of the resource planet, or if the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Dissimilate Race also lost people because of this, the Spiritual Race would be on guard. If we were not careful, we might fall into a huge pit.

“Therefore, I think that we should go all out and destroy the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. Not to mention the asteroid belt, the entire solar system will belong to the Blue Star humans,” Xu Tui said.

“The Blue Star Human Race?” Wan Tong looked at Xu Tui meaningfully.

“Of course!”

“Not to mention the solar system, even the asteroid belt is very, very large! If it’s all given to you Myths, how much can you occupy? Or maybe each member of our Worldly Pioneer Raiders will occupy a planet to be the chief?” Xu Tui said.

Old Sha also chuckled when he heard that. Indeed, the pancake he had drawn for Xu Tui was a little too big. Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders might not be that ambitious.

“Xu Tui, your idea of taking a big gamble does sound good. However, there are a few key problems that we can’t solve if we can’t,” Old Sha said.

“Ask away! ” “First, the location of Planet Kono.”

“I know.”

Old Sha was a little shocked. “The defense forces of Planet Kono?”

“I know, too. There might be changes to the defense system, but I know the overall strength of the defense.”

Old Sha felt that he had become used to being shocked in front of Xu Tui. @@novelbin@@

“There’s another very important question! If we directly attack Planet Kono, where the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base is, we might trigger a huge battle between the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans. They would suffer huge losses in that kind of decisive battle.

“Many Planetary powerhouses might die in battle. More than half of them might even die. In that case, how many of the six alliances of the Blue Star Humans do you think are willing to participate in the battle?” Old Sha said.

Xu Tui nodded.

This kind of situation would indeed happen in such a decisive battle. If all the families wanted to reduce their losses, it might lead to a huge defeat..