Chapter 1156 The Benefits Old Cai Gave Xu Tui

1156  The Benefits Old Cai Gave Xu Tui

The Solar System invasion plan was to destroy the Spiritual Race's forward operating base.

The power of the plan that Old Cai threw out was comparable to detonating 300 three-phase thermal bombs at the same time. Every participant, regardless of their previous positions, asked anxiously.

To exaggerate, for a moment, everyone's anxious saliva could drown Old Cai. These were the most elite people on the Blue Star. Elites were ultimately elites. No matter how much conspiracy there was, at this moment, all of it was focused on the plan that Old Cai had thrown out.

Cai Shaochu had also entered a state of mind after venting his anger. Although he had vented his anger, this plan was the most important.

Cai Shaochu answered everyone's questions one by one. This involved future cooperation. Cai Shaochu was very clear about the priorities. As Cai Shaochu answered and explained, the plan gradually took shape among the participants.

After the plan became clearer, the more important questions were raised by the elites present.

"Principal Cai, why are you unwilling to reveal more detailed details of the operation to us? I think that we need to study every detail of such a major plan!" Augusto, a Planetary powerhouse from the European Sector, asked.

Cai Shaochu glanced at everyone present and scanned them. "Do you still remember the traitor Black Hole that we knew during the Mars Protection War? Up until now, we haven't found out who Black Hole is."

At the venue of the meeting, Itavi's eyes were still half-closed. His expression did not change, but the other participants frowned.

"The traitor, Black Hole, is indeed a problem! However, we have to carefully consider the details of the operation. After all, if we start to implement this plan, it's very likely that we will use more than half of the elite forces of the Blue Star. We have to be extremely careful!" Haren, a Planetary powerhouse from the American Sector, said.

"Before the operation begins, I won't announce the details of the operation! This is my bottom line! However, I can guarantee that there will definitely be Planetary powerhouses in the Huaxia Sector participating in the main operation. I might even participate personally.

"In addition, I can only say that the details of the plan are very exquisite. It was precisely because it was exquisite that I could not reveal anything. Let me emphasize one more thing. This is my bottom line, and Xu Tui's bottom line," Cai Shaochu said.

"This is also the bottom line of the Huaxia Sector!" Wei Bin's voice sounded, causing the gazes of all the participants to shift. This was Wei Bin, the person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial of the Huaxia Sector, endorsing Cai Shaochu. The meaning was different again.

They would not be able to know the details of this plan for the time being.

"I only have one request. When the operation begins, we want to know the details," Augusto, a Planetary powerhouse from the European Sector, said.

"That's for sure."

"Principal Cai, I have a very important question! According to the plan you have revealed so far, we will have to use a lot of power from the Blue Star in this operation. Currently, the Planetary powerhouses and quasi-planetary powerhouses that could be mobilized had to be mobilized.

"Furthermore, it was an expedition. How could the safety of the Moon, Mars, and Manut asteroids be guaranteed after the expedition?

"If! I'm saying that in the worst-case scenario, when we are plotting against the Spiritual Race's forward operating base, the Spiritual Race's forward operating base is also plotting against us. Or maybe there are other alien forces? How can we guarantee the safety of our hometown?" Haren, a Planetary powerhouse from the American Sector, asked.

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu nodded. "This question is very good and crucial. At the same time, this is also the fundamental reason why I dared to propose this plan today.

"All of you should know about the quantum array core, right? Xu Tui had risked his life in the past six months. After paying a huge price, he obtained two sets of quasi-planetary-level quantum array cores.

"As long as we obtained a set of quasi-planetary-level quantum array cores, we would be able to upgrade the quantum teleportation channel between the Moon and Mars. Then, with Mars as the center, it could link up with the Moon and the Manut asteroid to form a defense line.

"Unless the Spiritual Race's forward operating base attacked in three directions, there was no need to worry about defense. We can't repel it, but we can definitely hold on."

Before Cai Shaochu could finish his sentence, the participants erupted again.

"Principal Cai, where did Xu Tui get the two sets of quantum array cores?"

"Principal Cai, can Xu Tui still use the channel of the quantum array core? Can he still obtain the quantum array core?"

"Principal Cai, can you explain this channel?"

...

The attention of all the higher-ups was attracted by the source of the quantum array core. It had to be said that at the moment, the quantum array core that could establish a quantum teleportation channel was the top strategic resource that the entire Blue Star lacked the most.

This was also because Cai Shaochu had carefully said that Xu Tui had paid a huge price to obtain his quantum array core.

He did not tell the truth. If he told the truth, Xu Tui would probably immediately become a target of the higher-ups of the Blue Star.

Cai Shaochu's words could fool others, but they could not fool him. The Myths had worked with the 23:08

Mechanical Spirit Race for so long, so they had a deep understanding of them. The Mechanical Spirit "It should have originated from the transaction of the Mechanical Spirit Race. However, according to Xu Tui, there are not many Mechanical Spirits. He only obtained it by chance when he captured the Spiritual Growth Planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race." Cai Shaochu made up a few words to reduce Xu Tui's trouble.

At the side, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, who was sitting in a corner of the round table, glanced at him.

Cai Shaochu was lying!

Cai Shaochu's words could fool others, but they could not fool him. The Myths had worked with the Mechanical Spirit Race for so long, so they had a deep understanding of them. The Mechanical Spirit Race was also short of quantum array cores. It was the kind that was very lacking.

They had sought to trade countless times but could not. It was possible that the Mechanical Spirit Race had a set of emergency supplies. However, it was definitely impossible to have two sets. If they had two sets, the Mechanical Spirit Race had already placed them on key planets. There was no need to ask them for help.

The topic of the quantum array core lasted for more than ten minutes before gradually stopping.

"Principal Cai, I want to know when Xu Tui will be able to send these two sets of quasi-planetary-level quantum array cores over. How will he send them to us?" Maiponeo, the person-in-charge of the American Sector, asked.

Everyone looked at Cai Shaochu. This was also what they were concerned about. If there were two sets of quantum array cores at the quasi-planetary realm, the current strategic passive situation of the Blue Star would be greatly improved.

One set was definitely set up between the Moon and Mars. The other set was very useful. @@novelbin@@

"Send it over?" A mocking smile appeared on Cai Shaochu's face. "Are we going to let Xu Tui hand over this spoil of war to be confiscated? Up until now, Xu Tui is still a traitor of the Blue Star. Internally and externally, the apology has only been passed through the resolution. It has not been issued yet."

Everyone was silent.

"Then immediately issue an internal and external statement, including an apology resolution. I'll sign it on the spot," Haren said.

This statement immediately obtained the support of everyone present.

"Do you really want Xu Tui to hand over these two sets of quantum array cores? Aren't you dreaming? Could you be any more shameless? It was something that he had risked his life to obtain. Not to mention that Xu Tui is still a traitor of the Blue Star, even if he's not and is a warrior of the Blue Star, we can't let him hand this over out of thin air!" Cai Shaochu scolded.

Cai Shaochu became angrier and angrier as he scolded. "Shameless. We're all at the highest level of the Blue Star. Can you be any more shameless! Old Haren, can you be any more shameless? You actually wanted to take it for free! If you really took it for nothing, would anyone still contribute to the Blue Star in the future? Think about it with your brain!"

Haren had a depressed expression as he was scolded by Cai Shaochu. He had accidentally revealed his true thoughts. He did not expect Old Cai to catch him.

"Of course, our Blue Star has to compensate him for this quantum array core! Furthermore, it has to be a double reward in terms of material and honor!" Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, spoke again. "If there's really such a contribution, we can consider the Golden Medal of the Blue Star Guardian."

"I think Mr. Raymont's suggestion is very good," Nilab said.

Cai Shaochu sneered. They really wanted to gain something without risking anything of their own. It was really a dream to want to take back the quantum array core with just honor and a few tangible assets. Fortunately, he had already thought about it for Xu Tui.

"Yes, I think it's very good too! Here, I'll leave it to you, Mr. Nilab, and Mr. Haren to contact Xu Tui. Send the honor to him and see when he will hand over the two sets of quantum array cores to you. You guys can talk. I'm thin-skinned and don't dare to talk!"

Cai Shaochu's curses made the atmosphere a little awkward.

Nilab and Haren looked helpless. If they were to discuss it with him, not to mention the quantum array core, even this plan would probably die in the womb. Just as Old Cai had said, Xu Tui was still a traitor of the Blue Star.

"Alright, what's Xu Tui's price? Principal Cai, just tell me," the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

"A set of quantum array cores costs 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals." This was the price Xu Tui had offered.

"Twenty thousand grams is acceptable!" Augusto, Haren, and Ullr spoke at the same time, agreeing to this price.

"Wait a moment, I'm not done. Xu Tui's price is 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals by each alliance for each quantum array core," Cai Shaochu said.

"That's too expensive!" Nilab exclaimed.

"That's an astronomical price, right?" Augusto also spoke.

"An astronomical price?" Cai Shaochu sneered. "Which one of you can use 200,000 grams of Origin Crystals to buy a quasi-planetary realm quantum array core? As long as you buy it, I'll spend 300,000 grams of Origin Crystals to buy it! I guarantee it 100%!"

Everyone present was speechless again. This deal could really be established. If there was a channel, someone would immediately buy it for 300,000 grams of Origin Crystals. He would buy it even if he had to sell everything.

However, there were no channels.

"That's Xu Tui's price. However, I've told Xu Tui that the Origin Crystal reserves of the various sectors in the past few years are not much. Xu Tui said that he only wanted a cost price. All the alliances, other than the Africa Sector where a planetary powerhouse died in battle while defending the moon, could just take 15,000 grams of Origin Crystals. That was basically it. Those who can pay this price will participate in this operation. Those who can't, have no choice!" Cai Shaochu spread out his hands, looking apologetic.

"How is it? Is anyone withdrawing? If anyone wants to withdraw or is unwilling to pay this Origin Crystal, say it now," Cai Shaochu said.

Two minutes later, Cai Shaochu laughed. "No one withdrew, right? Then please prepare the Origin Crystals within five days so that I can trade for the quantum array core with Xu Tui."