Chapter 1153 - 1153: To Gain Something Without Risking Anything Of One’S Own (3)

Chapter 1153: To Gain Something Without Risking Anything of One’s Own (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, this was something that Xu Tui had considered. @@novelbin@@

“I have a solution,” Xu Tui said.

“Don’t tell me that your solution is to contact the Huaxia Sector to participate in the battle! With the strength of the Huaxia Sector alone, even with us, there’s no possibility of capturing the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base,” Old Sha said.

“Of course not. I have a complete plan that can perfectly avoid the flaws of the final battle you mentioned,” Xu Tui said.

Shamera stared at Xu Tui when she heard that. “Really?”

“Really!”

“Can you tell me the plan?”

Xu Tui shook his head. “My previous battle results should be able to prove it. Of course, if this matter really succeeds, I will reveal a portion of the plan.”

Old Sha stared at Xu Tui for a while. He suddenly smiled. “Xu Tui, your cooperation targets should be seven sectors of the Blue Star, not just our Myth.

In that case, there was no point in talking to me here. I want to understand. What exactly do you want?”

Xu Tui gave Old Sha a thumbs-up. “Indeed, my partners are the seven sectors and one organization of the Blue Star, including The Myth. However, I need support! I needed additional support from outside the Huaxia Sector. I want to obtain command! At the very least, I will be able to obtain command in the Huaxia Sector.”

“You want us to stand on the side of the Huaxia Sector?” Old Sha said. “To be honest, I don’t have the authority and influence. Moreover, there was another most important question. If you want The Myth to stand on your side or the

Huaxia Sector’s side, what benefits will it bring to The Myth?” Old Sha asked.

“Benefits? Actually, there are a lot of them. For example, the information you have on the asteroid belt is definitely much more than the other sectors on the Blue Star. It was just like the resource planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Dissimilate Clan that you mentioned just now.

“If the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base is breached, then it will be effortless for you to capture these resource planets. According to the Manut Asteroid Convention, as long as you capture it, it will be yours. This benefit was huge enough, right? Other than that, this strategy will give you enough time to prepare for the benefits of the battle. What do you think?” Xu Tui said.

“Are you trying to gain something without risking anything of one’s own?” Wan Tong was stunned.

“Hah!” Xu Tui shrugged. It was fine if he was unwilling.

“I need to consult the highest level of The Myth before I can give you an answer. Moreover, you have to give me a preliminary plan. Otherwise, it’s impossible for you to get the higher-ups of The Myth to stand on your side,” Old Sha said.

“Sure, but for now, I can only explain the basic direction of this plan. I won’t explain the specific plan!”

“Why?”

“I’m afraid!”

Old Sha was stunned. “Are you afraid of us?” Xu Tui nodded, but Old Sha smiled bitterly. “Alright, I can only ask the higher-ups for instructions. How I decide is a matter of the higher-ups. It has nothing to do with me.”

“Understood.”

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui left behind an extremely simple draft. Then, Old Sha once again activated his emergency contact information. He began to contact the higher-ups of The Myth in a daze.

After returning to Planet Spirit, Xu Tui threw Wei Cang a meaningless document. “Send this over, too. Contact me immediately if you have any response. ”

“Understood, Commander.”

After returning to his room, Xu Tui took a deep breath and started cultivating again.

The preliminary conditions that he had achieved for the plan that he had planned for a long time began to be set up. Whether or not it would succeed next would depend on the reactions of all parties.

The goal of the plan was to attack the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base!