Chapter 1158 - 1158: Cost Price And Price Exchange (1)

Chapter 1158: Cost Price and Price Exchange (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“However, you fuse with the aura of this asteroid and can actually bring it life. Does this mean that your mental body has already reached the Planetary realm? Kid, you broke through to the quasi-planetary realm? Or has your mental body been strengthened again?”

On the unknown asteroid, Cai Shaoshen’s mind power kept fluctuating when he saw Xu Tui appear. However, he kept shaking his head. “That’s not right. You didn’t break through. The power fluctuations reflected by your body are still at the Transmutation Realm. However, they can indeed affect the aura of this asteroid.

Xu Tui, who roughly knew what was going on, chuckled. “Principal, perhaps this asteroid is very small?”

“No matter how small an asteroid is, it’s still an asteroid. Don’t tell me you’ve absorbed a lot of Silver Boxes of Spirit recently?” Cai Shaochu asked.

Xu Tui chuckled when he heard that. He gave Cai Shaochu a thumbs-up. “Principal, you are really intelligent! ”

“Don’t suck up to me!” Cai Shaochu, who was approaching, was about to give Xu Tui a slap on the head. However, Xu Tui’s head swayed slightly. He had missed.

Cai Shaochu looked at his empty hand in shock. He had missed! He then looked at Xu Tui and slapped him again. He missed again!

“Your cultivation hasn’t increased much, but your strength has increased greatly?” Cai Shaochu was stunned.

Xu Tui chuckled with a smug expression. Dodging the attack of a planetary powerhouse like Cai Shaochu was not something that anyone could do. This was also the result of Xu Tui’s recent bitter cultivation.

Xu Tui had gained a lot after his last trip. After distributing a portion of it, he still had 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals. In addition, he had discovered a new Origin Crystal mine on the Planet Spirit. Tower Asteroid will also produce Origin Crystals everyday. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue thus started to cultivate freely.

Xu Tui had basically built an internal circulation channel for all the genetic ability chains. In the past few days, Xu Tui had focused on strengthening the cultivation of the genetic ability chain. He had already built more than a dozen internal circulation channels.

Xu Tui wanted to try and see if the Time Distortion ability could be strengthened or enhanced. It might even undergo a qualitative change.

Currently, this change has not happened. However, Xu Tui’s overall reaction ability had increased. This was especially so for the control effect of the mental body on the physical body, including the cooperation with mental perception.

It was like a comprehensive series of instinctive reactions.

Xu Tui dodged Cai Shaochu’s hand. Cai Shaochu’s communication with Xu Tui was conducted in an extremely efficient manner. Xu Tui was recounting his experiences in the past half a year. Cai Shaochu also told Xu Tui about the current situation on the Blue Star.

Although the overall situation had not changed much after the Blue Star Humans stepped onto the Manut asteroid, the power layout of the Blue Star was constantly changing after stepping onto the Manut asteroid.

The various sectors had deployed their strongest combat strength to the Manut asteroid. This head was opened by the India Sector.

The symbolic event was that Itavi had spent several months crossing space with his physical body. After arriving on Mars from the Moon, he arrived at the Manut asteroid from Mars. Actually, without Xu Tui’s plan, the elite top forces that the Blue Star could mobilize had already gathered on the Manut asteroid.

The conflicts developed around the Manut asteroid also appeared frequently, but most of them were controlled within a certain intensity.

“By the way, did any of the members following you break through to the quasi-planetary realm after you attacked the Planet Spirit? Or did Bu Qingqiu break through?” Cai Shaochu suddenly asked.

“None!” Xu Tui shook his head. “Miss Bu said that her accumulation is still lacking. Among the others, Xiaoxue and I can actually try to break through to the quasi-planetary realm, but we have been suppressing it.”

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu frowned. “That doesn’t match. According to my previous discoveries and your guidance, Bu Qingqiu should have a chance to break through.” @@novelbin@@

“Why do you say that?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“Xu Tui, do you know what the greatest change in the Blue Star humans in the past half a year after they stepped onto the Manut asteroid?” Cai Shaochu asked.

Xu Tui shook his head.

“The greatest change is that there are suddenly more experts breaking through to the planetary realm and the quasi-planetary realm in the various sectors. The current statistics are three times that of the previous year, and twice the average data for the past five years,” Cai Shaochu said.

“The increase is so great? Did the hidden forces of the various sectors erupt?” Xu Tui was stunned.

Cai Shaochu shook his head. “No, at least the Huaxia Sector is definitely not!

However, from the data, there have been more experts promoted in the Huaxia

Sector! This year, not long after they stepped into the Manut asteroid, the Huaxia Sector even had a planetary realm powerhouse. I reckon that it might be related to this cosmic energy field!”

“Cosmic energy field?” This was a new concept that Xu Tui had heard. Cai Shaochu roughly explained it to Xu Tui.

This was also a project that his Galaxy Spirit had been researching for a long time. The main theoretical foundation was the conservation of energy. It was the conservation of the energy of the entire universe and the entire solar system.

This thing was easy but complicated.

According to Cai Shaochu’s research, including the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan’s alien species outside the solar system that he had worked hard to come into contact with decades ago, there were different things before the quasi-planetary realm.

However, after the Transmutation Realm, the quasi-planetary and planetary realms were unified..