Chapter 1154 - 1154: Successful Contact

Chapter 1154: Successful Contact

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Manut Asteroid, Galaxy Spirit Research Institute Branch.

Cai Shaochu, who had removed his position as the principal of the extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College, was still very spirited. Or rather, he was very exquisite. He had meticulous hair and was dressed in the traditional Chinese tunic suit of the Huaxia Sector. Even the buttons were buttoned up.

In Cai Shaochu’s words, one had to act like a teacher.

After Xu Tui’s defection half a year ago, Cai Shaochu resigned from his position as the principal of the extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College. He became much more free.

Although it still affected the affairs of the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College to a certain extent, those miscellaneous matters were basically gone. This made Cai Shaochu basically focus all his energy on the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute. Several studies have made great progress recently.

In the past six months, Cai Shaochu would step into the newly built research institute at 7:30 a.m. every morning. The first thing he did every day when he stepped into the research institute was to connect to the Quantum Radar Control Center of the Huaxia Sector’s general base.

He asked if he had captured any abnormal signals.

After more than half a year of construction, the current state of the Manut asteroid had basically taken shape. It was basically a replica of the moon. The seven sectors and one organization all had their own integrated bases. The military facilities had all been formed, and the civilian facilities were still being built day and night.

Over the past six months, the quantum radar control center had captured many abnormal signals. The previous few times, Cai Shaochu had been overjoyed.

However, every time he obtained the signal, Old Cai would be a little depressed. It was not what he wanted.

Although he had not obtained what he wanted, Cai Shaochu’s habit had always been persistent.

It was the same today. After Cai Shaochu connected to the quantum radar control center, without needing Cai Shaochu to speak, the commander on duty in the quantum radar control center replied, “Principal Cai, at 5:42 a.m. on the 19th of June, we captured the same message three times in a row.

“However, the content of the message is very strange. We can’t understand it, nor did we successfully decipher it. I’ll send it to you later. See if it’s what you’re looking for.”

“Alright, thank you. You’ve worked hard.” Cai Shaochu was very polite to the people below.

“It’s not hard. It’s what I should do!”

Cai Shaochu did not mind. He began to busy himself with his research. A few minutes later, he received a message on his communication device. It was sent by the Quantum Radar Control Center.

Cai Shaochu was stunned when he saw it. The first twenty characters did not seem to have any meaning. It looked more like a random and disorderly elimination. However, in Cai Shaochu’s eyes, it was a special communication symbol that he had agreed on with Xu Tui.

Cai Shaochu remembered these contents very clearly even without the password book. At this moment, the corners of Cai Shaochu’s eyes twitched.

“Heh, I knew it. How could this kid be killed so easily? As expected! As expected, he succeeded.” As he smiled, Cai Shaochu began to translate the message as quickly as he could.

It was one of the hundreds of disorderly code books that he and Xu Tui had personally set up. With Cai Shaochu’s powerful mind power, he memorized these disorderly code books. His mind power could not increase his intelligence, but his memory could become very, very powerful.

Cai Shaochu laughed as he translated. ‘Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, these elites were all saved. Did we only save eighteen explorers from the Huaxia Sector?”

At this point, Old Cai’s expression became very heavy. The loss of the pioneer raiders could be said to be a huge loss for the Huaxia Sector, including the entire Blue Star. The mid-generation elites of the various sectors had lost at least 10%.

“Spiritual Planet? The Mechanical Spirit Race’s Spiritual Growth Planet? They even killed a Planetary realm, Yin Si? Wow, this kid sure is lucky.”

There were about a thousand words in the translation of the communication. After it was translated, Old Cai read it a few times and had a rough idea.

The huge burden in his heart was finally lifted.

After marking and drawing on a star map and studying it for a few hours, Cai Shaochu used another disorderly password book to carefully compile a communication. Then, he connected to the quantum radar control center of the Huaxia Sector’s general base.

“You should be able to capture the frequency of the mysterious signal from the depths of the asteroid belt, right?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“Principal, sure.”

“Then help me send this communication over. Send it a few more times.”

“Understood. By the way, Principal, just now, we received another wave of signals from the same frequency. The content of the signals we received still can’t be translated. Do you think I should pass it to you, or?” the commander of the Quantum Control Center asked.

“You received it again?” Cai Shaochu revealed a stunned expression. “Send it to me immediately.”

With doubts, Cai Shaochu began to translate the content again. He did not understand why Xu Tui had sent him a second message so quickly. Did Xu Tui and the others encounter trouble? Does he need help? Or something else?

The communication was only translated halfway, but Cai Shaochu’s expression changed drastically. The information that was revealed was like a small nuclear bomb that exploded in Cai Shaochu’s heart. @@novelbin@@

They looted the two resource planets from the Mechanical Spirits and killed two Planetary realm powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race and captured one.

They discovered Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others who were being pursued by Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, and reached a preliminary cooperation agreement.

He might have a preliminary grasp of the location and basic situation of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. He had successfully refined the quantum jade core with Yanzi, who was being pursued by Lei Tian. He had also personally refined the quantum array core, a quasi-planetary realm!

Even though Cai Shaochu was a Planetary realm powerhouse, his hands began to tremble when he saw this message.

Only a Planetary powerhouse understood the value of this information. He encountered The Myth and killed the member of The Myth, Nortos. At the same time, he tried to cooperate with The Myth.

At the end of the communication report was Xu Tui’s draft plan. Cai Shaochu’s fingers trembled again the moment he saw the plan.

This time, Cai Shaochu began the technological information barrier without hesitation. His mind power had already sealed the translation like an iron bucket. No power within his understanding could spy on this translation.

“Good lord, I’ve been working hard for decades but haven’t seen any hope. This kid actually gave me hope. However, if this kid’s plan can really be carried out, there’s still a chance of success.” After sighing for a while, Cai Shaochu sent another communication message. Then, he waited anxiously.

With the increase in power, the communication delay with Xu Tui was 14 hours. In other words, he could only communicate with Xu Tui once every 14 hours.

However, Cai Shaochu did not dare to communicate too often. This frequency and signal could also be captured by the other sectors of the Manut asteroid. Although they could not understand it even if they captured it, the intelligence analysis experts of the various sectors were not given for nothing.

They could roughly determine the direction based on the riddle. In his current communication with Xu Tui, this plan had to be carried out with the full cooperation of the seven sectors and one organization.

However, some key points were different.

The distribution of benefits after the battle was another important point.

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu’s thoughts were surprisingly the same. Therefore, Cai Shaochu wanted to communicate with Xu Tui before trying to carry out this plan.

Two and a half days later, in the afternoon of June 23rd, after exchanging three rounds of information with Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu once again connected to the Quantum Radar Control Center.

“Connect me to Wei Bin, the Moon Command of the Huaxia Sector. It’s a

top-secret channel and a secret translation transmission mode. The supercomputer is not allowed to record or leave a backup. After the call is connected, everyone will leave the Control Center in silent mode. The person who activated the rights was Cai Shaochu. The verification will begin now!”

During the verification process, Cai Shaochu used an authority that he had never used before. This authority could guarantee that his conversation with Wei Bin was absolutely top-secret to a certain extent.

This was because what he wanted to discuss with Wei Bin next was too important!

There was no exception. After the news of Shamera was released, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, held another meeting of the top four giants on Mars.

Njord, one of the four giants, was still a little dissatisfied. “Aren’t we a little too diligent in our meetings? In the past, we could not hold one or two meetings a year. How many times has it been this year? Ullr, don’t you know my situation? The more you participate, the higher the risk of being exposed. Can you think about me?”

As Njord complained, the Lord of Myths projected the contents of a communication. In the next moment, Njord instantly shut his mouth. At the same time, Xu Tui, who had received Cai Shaochu’s reply, also began to make a list of missions.

“Since Principal Cai has begun to advance the matter, there are a few key points that I have to start preparing in advance.. This is a problem that has to be resolved!”