Chapter 1151 - 1151: To Gain Something Without Risking Anything Of One’S Own (1)

Chapter 1151: To Gain Something Without Risking Anything of One’s Own (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On spirit 11.

The base of Spirit Il was much simpler than that of Spirit I. Old Sha had simply built a conference table, but there were a few exquisite nuts and biscuits on the conference table. It could be seen that The Myth Team was quite good at guaranteeing their lives.

Xu Tui did not stand on ceremony. He swept the nuts and biscuits on the table into his quantum dimensional chain. “Are there any more?” He had not eaten these things for almost half a year. He was very hungry, but he still decided to bring them back for An Xiaoxue to eat.

As for the others, they could eat what An Xiaoxue had left behind.

Old Sha’s eyes widened. “You have a quantum dimensional chain?”

“Could this be considered the first secret I’ve revealed to you?” Xu Tui smiled and said, “Hurry up. Give me some more of your nut biscuits and snacks.”

Old Sha’s gaze shifted as he casually instructed on the communication device. Soon, a Transmutation Realm Myth member brought over a large box of snacks. There was a compression box that was about 0.5 cubic meters. After Old Sha took it, he opened the compression box. The various packaging inside immediately scattered and filled the table.

Old Sha pointed at Xu Tui with a smile and said, “Eat whatever you want. We brought a lot of this.”

“Then I won’t stand on ceremony.” Xu Tui smiled. He scanned the table full of snacks with his mind power.

This time, Old Sha was shocked again. Wan Tong, a Planetary realm powerhouse, was also very surprised.

Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain space was not small. After opening the 0.5 -cubic-meter snack just now, it was at least one cubic-meter in size. It could actually be casually stored away.

“Old Sha, you’re testing me. How is it? Do you have any more? Come on, give me more,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“You can put in more?” Planetary realm powerhouse Wan Tong narrowed his eyes.

“I can store some more.” Xu Tui nodded formally.

Wan Tong communicated with Old Sha. In less than a minute, another three boxes of snacks were sent in. Just like before, Wan Tong opened all three boxes of snacks and piled them on the table. He made an inviting gesture.

Xu Tui understood that this was also a way for them to test his abilities. To a certain extent, the size of the quantum dimensional chain space reflected the strength of a superb individual’s mind power.

He scanned the area with his mind power again. The three boxes of snacks were emptied again. Old Sha and Wan Tong’s expressions instantly became extremely interesting. They looked at Xu Tui in shock.

It was four cubic meters in size.

Xu Tui must have contained something else. Didn’t that mean that the size of Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain had definitely changed by more than six cubic meters? It had to be known that most of the Planetary realm powerhouses who had quantum dimensional chains had a space of about six to ten cubic meters.

What about Xu Tui?

From this point of view, it was very likely that Xu Tui’s strength when he killed Nortos with one strike was not a one-time-use strength.

It could be reproduced.

In tnat case, tnen…

“Is there any more? More,” Xu Tui said with a smile as he looked at the shocked Old Sha and Wan Tong.

“There’s more, but if I give it to you again, you’ll take away all of our supplies,” Wan Tong said.

“It’s just a few boxes. Aren’t you too petty? Give me a few more boxes and see if I can fit them in,” Xu Tui said to the Planetary realm powerhouse, Wan Tong.

Wan Tong did not seem to be good with words. When he heard Xu Tui’s words, he stammered. However, Old Sha said angrily, “A few boxes? These are worth tens of thousands of gold. Based on my understanding of you, I’m afraid it won’t be a problem to store two to three more boxes, right?” @@novelbin@@

“One box. I can hold another box at most.” Xu Tui smiled seriously.

“As if I’ll believe you!” Old Sha looked depressed and shocked. “How did you have a quantum dimensional chain that exceeds eight cubic meters?”

Xu Tui smiled and pointed at the empty table. “Stop being so petty. Give me a few plates of these snacks. If there’s anything else delicious, bring it up and let me satisfy my cravings. I’m already here to negotiate a cooperation. Why are you still so petty?”

With a helpless expression, Old Sha asked the higher-ups to give him a few plates of snacks and a plate of meat.

Xu Tui finished the plate of meat at the speed of a tornado. His mouth was dripping with oil. As he ate, he said, “Don’t be so petty. Give me a few more plates of meat. Also, you can tell me how to work together. I’ll listen as I eat.”

“As you guessed, Our Myth has indeed cooperated with the Mechanical Spirit Race. It was not just the Mechanical Spirit Race. They had also cooperated with the Dissimilate Clan. Currently, we have more than five strongholds of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Dissimilate Clan inside and outside the asteroid belt.

“The strength of our Myth is not bad. However, we need power everywhere at the moment. Therefore, the higher-ups want our Priapus Myth Team to cooperate with your Worldly Pioneer Raiders Group.

“Let’s attack these five resource planets of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the

Dissimilate Clan first to strengthen ourselves and our strength,” Old Sha said.

Xu Tui bit into a piece of beef and said, “How are we going to split it? How are we going to split the five planets after we capture them?”

“2:8?” Old Sha probed.

“Two for you and eight for me?”

Xu Tui’s words made Old Sha and Wan Tong laugh awkwardly.

“4:6 you’ll take 4, and we’ll take 6. We’ll distribute the planets we captured and the spoils like this,” Old Sha said.

“You want to occupy the resource planets of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Dissimilate Clan and develop on your own?” Xu Tui asked.

“Don’t you want that?”