Chapter 1162 - 1162: Dharma And Dao (1)

Chapter 1162: Dharma and Dao (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Planet Kono, the command center of the forward operating base.

Lei Tian was reclining on a chair. His eyes were closed, and he looked a little tired. Ever since the forward operating base was semi-reliant, Lei Tian had been troubled by too many things. Originally, the defeat of the Moon and Mars had made Lei Tian overwrought.

This time, the problem of the Mechanical Spirit Race suddenly made Lei Tian feel a sense of crisis.

This sense of crisis was not triggered by the fact that the Mechanical Spirit Race had secretly developed their own planetary faction. Actually, Lei Tian knew a little about this. It was not just the Mechanical Spirit Race. Even the Dissimilate Clan and the Fission Race had similar actions.

The source of Lei Tian’s sense of crisis was the Blue Star humans.

Three years ago, the humans of the Blue Star were stuck in the circle of Earth, Moon, and Phobos. It could be said that it was difficult for them to move.

However, in the past two to three years, the Blue Star humans seemed to have suddenly untied themselves and become more and more active.

The commander of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders led by a small Transmutation Realm expert from the Blue Star had actually caused the Mechanical Spirit Race under him to be overwrought in the asteroid belt. Their strength had decreased drastically.

This was what Lei Tian was worried about.

What if the main force of the Blue Star learned from Xu Tui?

Lei Tian really wanted to give the Blue Star humans a destructive blow that would halve their strength! He wanted to carry out a surgical destructive attack on the Blue Star’s important planets.

After thinking hard for half a day, Lei Tian thought of several plans that had a chance of success. However, every plan might suffer losses that he could not withstand.

Now, Lei Tian somewhat understood the war a hundred years ago. He understood why the Holy Ancestor did not hesitate to pay a huge price to kill the Fire God, Gavro. That finger directly chased the Blue Star Humans back to the circle of Earth, Moon, and Phobos from the solar system.

However, a hundred years later, the Blue Star humans had walked out again.

But he, Lei Tian, did not have the strength of the Divine Ancestor. What made him even more worried was that Lei Tian had received another piece of confirmed news today.

Lei Qian, who was leaning against a chair with her big belly, gently stood up when she saw this. She walked behind Lei Tian and gently massaged the space between his brows. Lei Tian felt an indescribable sense of relaxation from Lei Qian’s cold slender fingers and the gentleness from the bottom of her heart.

This was probably why this woman could accompany him for so long. It was not just because she was young and beautiful. Gentle as water and understanding were what Lei Tian needed the most.

“Have Lei Hong and the others set off?”

“My dear, an hour ago, they took turns to set off. They will first be teleported to a passive planet close to Planet Spirit through a quantum teleportation channel. There is one Planetary realm a day. This teleportation time will take at least eight days. Then, they will arrive at Planet Spirit in five days and attack.” Lei Qian was very smart. She knew very well when she should address Lei Tian.

This man was great, but he needed her gentleness to nourish him.

“In 13 days, around the 28th of July of the Sun Calendar, they will launch an attack on Planet Spirit. However, my dear, I think you should talk to them again in eight days. Lord Lei Hong is very strong, but he is still lacking in strategic tactics.

“Although Lord Lei Gen has recently broken through to the quasi-planetary realm, his prestige and strength are still lacking. He can’t completely affect Lord Lei Hong. He needs your support,” Lei Qian said.

Lei Tian hummed in enjoyment. “Qianqian, what do you think of the message from Dawn?”

“The Blue Star might counterattack in the near future?”

This was a very vague message from Dawn today. There was no clear information. Dawn only said that it was his judgment and wanted to remind them in advance. Lei Qian did not mind, but she did not expect the man in front of her to be considering this.

“The Blue Star might counterattack, but this counterattack period might take two to three years or even three to four years. Even if they used the bodies of all their Planetary powerhouses to cross the starry sky, it would take at least three months to reach Planet Kono, where our base is.

“This was even after knowing the exact location of our Planet Kono. This round trip might take half a year or even a year or two. Based on the Blue Star’s style, they would not dare to keep their main forces away from their planet’s defense circle for a long time,” Lei Qian analyzed.

Lei Tian nodded. Lei Qian’s analysis made sense. But why was he always so worried?

Decades ago, when he accepted the appointment of the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base from the Sanctuary, the Great Elder of the Sanctuary had reminded him in front of him: You have to overestimate the @@novelbin@@

Blue Star humans. It’s not that vou overestimate them bv one or two D0ints.

but you have to overestimate them by more than double!

He had always remembered this sentence and was also doing his best. However, every time he fought with the Blue Star, he seemed to be a little lacking.

This time, Dawn said that there was a counterattack, then..

Suddenly, Lei Tian grabbed Lei Qian’s hand. “Qianqian, why don’t you stay on

Planet Peach for a while?”

Lei Qian was stunned. She suddenly grabbed Lei Tian’s large hand with both hands. “Sir, did you sense something or discover something? I don’t want to be separated from you. I want to be with you. I want to accompany you! Even if there’s a battle!”

Lei Tian opened his eyes and smiled. He hugged Lei Qian and inserted his large hand into Lei Qian’s long hair. “No, I’m just a little nervous about our soon-to-be child..”