Chapter 1166 - 1166: The Power Of Lei Hong (1)

Chapter 1166: The Power of Lei Hong (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“You guys retreat. I’ll cover your retreat!”

Li Qingping’s words were indescribably tragic.

At the side, Xie Qing and Bu Qingqiu’s faces turned pale, especially Xie Qing’s. His expression became extremely conflicted. “Mr. Li, why don’t I cover the retreat? It’s more useful for you to go back than for me to go back.” Xie Qing’s tone was a little unswerving and hesitant, but he still expressed his stance.

No one would blame Xie Qing for not being determined at this moment. Staying behind meant tempting fate. To be able to make a decision to die generously, even if it was hesitant, was commendable.

The sword on Li Qingping’s back was instantly unsheathed. “Let me do it!” Then, Li Qingping said to Xu Tui, “Xu Tui, bring your men and retreat. There’s not much time left.”

Xu Tui looked calm on the surface, but the anxiety in his heart was indescribable. No one had expected that they would receive a large-scale attack from the Spiritual Race at the critical moment of their plan.

Eight Planetary realm powerhouses. When the Spiritual Race attacked Mars, they only used ten Planetary realm powerhouses.

With eight Planetary realm experts, retreating could minimize their losses to the minimum. They would only lose Li Qingping. He was still planning to attack the Spiritual Race’s nest. He did not expect him to die before he could succeed.

At that moment, Xu Tui thought of many things.

Perhaps after this defeat, the plan to launch a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base would be put on hold. However, he had to defend to the death!

Xu Tui did not have much of a chance of winning yet. His God Slaying Sword would at most instantly kill one of the other party.

There were also seven Planetary realms and thirteen quasi-planets.

No matter how Xu Tui calculated it, there were two to three Planetary realm experts that no one could deal with. Once the battle began, these two to three

Planetary realm experts would be like a sharp knife that would severely injure Xu Tui’s army in an extremely short period of time.

They will definitely defeat Xu Tui and his army.

Xu Tui suddenly remembered Old Cai’s reminder that he could not ignore the actions of the Spiritual Race. The older the ginger, the spicier it was. However, it was still a little late to think about it.

“Xu Tui, as a commander, you should make a decision!” Li Qingping roared.

Xu Tui’s face turned pale. He gritted his teeth and said, “Wait another minute.

Wait another minute. I need information! Ah Huang, hurry up!”

“The transit planet said that they need to report and ask for instructions!” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

“They’re still reporting at a time like this! Contact Old Cai and who is the

Planetary realm powerhouse on duty on the transit planet?” Xu Tui roared. “Principal Cai should be on the Manut asteroid. There is a slight delay in communication. The person on duty on the transit planet is currently a Planetary realm powerhouse, Ruan Tianzuo,” Ah Huang said.

Li Qingping, who had a long sword in his hand, turned to look at Xu Tui. “The transit planet can only send one Planetary realm and three to five quasi-planetary experts at most. This bit of reinforcements was not enough. “Retreat! Retreat immediately! I’ll cover the retreat!”

“As long as another Planetary realm expert comes, I will have a certain level of confidence. Uncle Li, I don’t want to retreat, and we can’t retreat,” Xu Tui said firmly. “How confident are you?”

“Fifty percent!” Li Qingping’s eyes lit up. “Really?”

“Believe me!”

Li Qingping only hesitated for a second before shouting, “Send this message to Ruan Tianzuo.”

Xu Tui took it and glanced at it before asking Ah Huang to send it over.

The content was very simple. There was only one sentence. “Lieutenant Wei, Principal, Old Ruan left me in the lurch. I can only use my body to block the enemy. Farewell. If there’s a next life, I’ll still reincarnate in Huaxia!” Xie Qing and Bu Qingqiu gasped when they saw the contents.

Ruthless! A fair evaluation. These words were not only ruthless, but also vicious.

If Li Qingping really died in battle, Ruan Tianzuo would be nailed to the pillar of shame by these words. He did not know Wei Bin’s reaction yet, but according to the style of the Huaxia Sector, Ruan Tianzuo might be subject to military law.

Even if Ruan Tianzuo’s status as a Planetary realm powerhouse and other factors would not be implemented, he could forget about staying in the Huaxia Sector for the rest of his life.

Ruan Tianzuo would even be notorious in the entire Planetary realm powerhouse circle of the Blue Star. Indeed, there isn’t a single Planetary realm powerhouse that was useless!

To be honest, although Li Qingping had the courage to die, who would be willing to die if they could choose to live?

A minute later, Ruan Tianzuo gave a slightly faint reply. After it was sent over through the quantum teleportation channel, Ah Huang sent it to Xu Tui and Li Qingping.

“Brother Li, you’ve gone overboard. If anything happens to you, I’ll definitely die to save you! I’ve already begun to inject Origin Crystals into the temporary quantum teleportation channel. A quasi-planetary will pass through every minute. I will arrive in five minutes.” This was Ruan Tianzuo’s reply.

Li Qingping looked at the sky and slowly rose. “Xu Tui, are you confident with four quasi-planetary and one Planetary realm reinforcements?”

“As long as I fight with all my might, I have 50% or even more confidence!”

“Today, you are the commander-in-chief of the scene. I’ll hit wherever you point!” Looking at the approaching stream of light, a glaring golden barrier suddenly rose around Li Qingping.

Vajra Barrier!

Xu Tui roughly counted. A five-layered Vajra Barrier was really strong. However, Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier did not seem to be bad. After more than half a year of bitter cultivation, Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier had just reached four layers. @@novelbin@@

Although it was weaker than Li Qingping in terms of individual barriers, it was almost as good as Li Qingping in terms of numbers.

“Commander Xu, I’ll listen to your command.” Since Li Qingping had expressed his stance, Xie Qing quickly expressed his stance.

“Yes, everyone, you’ve more or less heard of my battle results.. I might not be strong enough personally, but I’ve never retreated from any battle I’ve participated in, much less harmed my comrades!”