Chapter 1169 - 1169: The Power Of Lei Hong (4)

Chapter 1169: The Power of Lei Hong (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At the same time, the violent lightning suddenly dissipated in a disorderly manner, dissipating into the most primitive heaven and earth energy.

Lei Hong’s body began to fall to the ground like a salted fish.

Everyone, be it friend or foe, was stunned.

Lei Gen, who was commanding the attack at the back, trembled violently. He wiped his eyes with trembling hands. He was in disbelief! He killed Lord Lei Hong with one strike? Even Cai Shaochu could not do it, right?

That was impossible!

“Lord Lei Hong, are you alright? Lord Lei Hong?” Lei Gen was anxious.

Yin Er, Yin Liu, and Yin Wu were shocked. Yin Liu, on the other hand, looked as if he had been wronged. Previously, he had said that they could instantly kill Yin San with one strike, but Yin Er and Yin Wu did not believe him.

They thought that he was shirking his responsibility and lying. It almost caused the three of them to turn against each other.

Yin Liu and Yin Wu were stunned when they saw it again. In fact, Lei Tian had also asked about the battle of the Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea, but he did not ask much about the details.

In addition, Yin Liu had said this before.But his own people did not believe this, so Yin Liu did not mention it in the end.

However, no one expected Lei Hong to be insta-killed! Even Yin Liu did not want to think about this.

Yin Liu had previously thought that this sword could instantly kill Yin San, but it would definitely not be able to kill Lord Lei Hong. The difference of the mental body of a Planetary realm powerhouse between the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Spiritual Race was too great.

By the side, Xu Tui frowned.

Lei Hong was not dead!

Lei Hong’s mental body was directly dispersed, but it was still a little short of completely collapsing. It could be said that Lei Hong’s mental body had been severely injured. That was why he fainted on the spot, but he did not die.

Xu Tui knew this very well.

After experiencing the initial panic, Lei Gen immediately confirmed Lei Hong’s situation through the Planetary realm powerhouse beside him. He was seriously injured and unconscious. His mental body was extremely weak, but he was not dead.

This made Lei Gen, whose back was covered in a cold sweat, heave a sigh of relief. It was good that he was not dead! As long as he was not dead, it would be the commander-in-chief’s matters as long as he brought him back. If Lord Lei Hong died in battle under his command, he would not know how to explain it to Lei Tian.

“The two of you, snatch Lord Lei Hong back!” Lei Gen immediately gave the order.

At the same time, the battle between the two sides officially began.

“Don’t worry, I’m fine!” An Xiaoxue, whose mouth was covered in blood, smiled at Xu Tui. The blood at the corner of her mouth formed a shocking contrast with her snow-white face.

Not far away, Yanzi, who had already fought an enemy quasi-planet, sighed inwardly. An Xiaoxue was indeed very strong! In order to face the enemy, she actually turned into bait!

Impressive!

She was not as good as An Xiaoxue in this round. As she thought about it, Yanzi suddenly frowned. Why would she think that?

At the same time. Ruan Tianzno received an urgent niece of information in

front of the quantum teleportation channel of the temporary transit planet. He had just passed two quasi-planets and the first quasi-planet had just sent him the situation of Planet Spirit in the shortest time possible.

Ruan Tianzuo was stunned when he saw the battle report.

The Planetary realm powerhouse of the Spiritual Race, Lei Hong, had been severely injured and lost his combat strength.

This strength was stronger than he had imagined!

“It looks like I still have to fight this round. In that case, it’s my turn!” In the next moment, Ruan Tianzuo shouted, “Quick, inject the Origin Crystals quickly. Pass quickly. We have to support Planet Spirit!”

Above the first main base of Planet Spirit, the Spiritual Race’s attack team suddenly lost some of their sharpness.

Lei Hong had been severely injured and fainted. This made all the participants, be it Planetary realm or quasi-planetary realm, tremble in fear when they saw @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui.

It was too terrifying!

Lord Lei Hong had been severely injured by a single strike. What about them?

Wouldn’t they be cut off by a sword?

Amidst their fear, they split most of their strength to defend and be wary of Xu Tui. Their combat efficiency became very low. They did not have much of an advantage in terms of crushing strength.

“Spirit Queen, mobilize the ground ants and eat up Lei Hong!” Xu Tui gave the order.

Just as Lei Gen was commanding a Planetary realm and a quasi-planetary realm to save Lei Hong, countless one-eyed ant beasts instantly surged out of the ground like a tidal wave and drowned Lei Hong, who had just fallen.

Lei Gen was anxious! He could not afford to lose Lei Hong!

“Yin Er, save Lei Hong!” Lei Gen roared!

Yin Er, who was being held back by the injured Planetary realm powerhouse, Xie Qing, instantly rushed to the ground.

Yin Er did not care about his own safety. And Xie Qing was even more ruthless. He directly exchanged injuries for injuries and stopped Yin Er.

Lei Gen became extremely anxious.

Yin Er was the closest to Lei Hong. The others were either far away from the place where Lei Hong had fallen or they were entangled and could save him in time. Almost instantly, Lei Gen made a decision. He turned into a bolt of lightning and blasted towards the place where Lei Hong had fallen.

Among everyone present, he was the fastest.

Xu Tui sneered when he saw Lei Gen take action. He was just waiting for him to take action. He activated his mind power and activated the Vajra Set. He took an attack from the Planetary realm powerhouse opposite him head-on. However, the red fire slip instantly shone brightly with red light. The red light surged into the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

In an instant, blood gushed out of Xu Tui’s eyes, ears, mouth, and nose.

However, at that moment, his mind power increased strangely.

Small God Slaying Sword!

It instantly flew out and slashed at Lei Gen..