Chapter 1167 - 1167: The Power Of Lei Hong (2)

Chapter 1167: The Power of Lei Hong (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Therefore, in the battle later, I hope that you can give me the greatest trust. If I have an urgent order, don’t hesitate to follow it,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood.”

“Ah Huang, prepare the three-phase thermal bomb launcher. Prepare the

Hunter fighter jet! Get the interference drones ready.”

“Roger that. ”

“Spirit Queen, gather the flying ant beasts and prepare for a suicidal interference attack.”

Xu Tui’s orders made everyone’s expressions turn cold. One by one, light began to rise.

“It’s not a problem for me to stop a Planetary realm! As long as no one attacks or interferes with me, it’s definitely not a problem,” Bu Qingqiu said.

“Sir, distribute one of the Planetary realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race or the Fission Race to me. I can stop them.” This was the first time Yin Ba took the initiative to fight.

“You’re that proactive?” Xu Tui teased.

“If it was just the Mechanical Spirit Race, I might have a way out after I was defeated. However, the Spiritual Race is here. As long as I am defeated, I will definitely die.” Yin Ba’s attitude became very determined at this moment. “Why don’t… you assign me one too, preferably one that’s weak?” Lavis said weakly.

“Don’t worry. I’ll definitely explode you before I die in battle!” Xu Tui stared at Lavis. It made Lavis shiver. “Dear Xu, don’t worry. I’ll definitely do my best!”

At this moment, hope rose in Lavis’s heart again. Would Dear Xu die in battle? @@novelbin@@

It would be great if Dear Xu died in battle. However, when he thought of Xu Tui’s warning, Lavis became a little afraid. If Xu Tui really exploded him before he died, he would have suffered a huge loss.

“I can fight two Planetary realm powerhouses at once!” Li Qingping’s sword light shot into the sky, his eyes filled with madness.

According to this calculation, if Xu Tui fought another person, seven of the eight Planetary realm powerhouses would already be settled. If Ruan Tianzuo rushed over, he would be able to fight.

However, it was only a battle! It was hard to say who would win!

“Let go”

After Xu Tui used his consciousness to communicate and issue the combat orders, he led a group of people into the sky and fought.

However, just as he charged forward, Li Qingping’s expression became extremely ugly. He could already recognize the Planetary realm powerhouse opposite him.

Lei Hong!

The Planetary realm powerhouse of the Spiritual Race, Lei Hong. This person alone was very difficult to deal with. To be precise, every Planetary realm expert in the Spiritual Race was very difficult to deal with. It was even more so for the Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division.

Xu Tui’s mental perception had already spread out from afar.

During this period of time, his mind power had increased drastically, and the relevant genetic ability chains had also increased. The range of his mental perception had already reached 5,000 meters.

They scattered far away.

“Lei Hong, Lei Gen, we meet again!” Xu Tui shouted from afar.

Lei Gen, who was behind the Planetary realm powerhouses, and Lei Hong, who was at the front, narrowed their eyes at the same time.

Enemies really met.

The last time they were on the Fuqiang asteroid, Xu Tui had made a fool of them.

Lei Hong, in particular, was even angrier.

The failure of the Fuqiang asteroid had greatly reduced Lei Hong’s status with Lei Tian. It had also completely strengthened the influence that Lei Hong was not good at commanding and was only good at charging.

As a result, Lei Tian strictly ordered him to listen to Lei Gen during this battle. At the same time, in order to strengthen Lei Gen’s authority, Lei Tian had focused on nurturing Lei Gen into a quasi -planetary. It was impossible for Lei Hong not to be angry.

“I’ll charge!”

It was rare for Lei Hong to greet Lei Gen. Lei Gen also gave Lei Hong face. Although Lei Tian’s orders were in front of him, he still had to show Lei Hong the respect he deserved.

“It doesn’t matter to the others. Yanzi has to be alive!”

“You don’t have to tell me!”

Almost as soon as he finished speaking, Lei Hong turned into lightning and instantly disappeared. A strong sense of fear appeared in Xu Tui’s heart. Xu Tui’s mental perception could already sense the surging energy fluctuations rapidly approaching.

Li Qingping let out a cold grunt. He pounced forward, slashing out with his sword. The lightning that suddenly exploded circled around Li Qingping’s sword light and landed heavily on his body.

Golden light shone brightly! Two layers of the Vajra Barrier on Li Qingping’s body instantly shattered, but there were still three layers.

Li Qingping was unharmed, but he was blasted to the ground. However, the lightning that Lei Hong had transformed into began to crash into Xu Tui’s lineup without restraint like a natural disaster.

With a flash of lightning, Xie Qing vomited blood and flew backward.

Lei Hong’s lightning was like an endless chain of lightning that blasted towards the nearest person again. In the next moment, another quasi-planetary powerhouse of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin Liujian, was smashed into pieces by Lei Hong’s lightning.

He died in battle!

All the participants gasped. Wasn’t the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Spiritual Race too powerful? How could they fight?

Lei Hong alone destroyed the formation beside Xu Tui. Everyone avoided the lightning. The tactics he had arranged previously were completely useless now. It was mainly because Lei Hong was too powerful. He injured anyone he hit.

Below the Planetary realm, there was also the ability to instantly kill one. If he was not terrifying, who was?

In just a second and a half, Lei Hong had caused one death and three injuries.

Behind him, Lei Gen sneered when he saw this scene. He glanced at Yin Er and Yin Liu again.. A word appeared in his mind—trash!