Chapter 1160 - 1160: Meeting Homework In A Foreign Land

Chapter 1160: Meeting Homework in a Foreign Land

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Eh, Principal?” Yan Lie, who had been assigned by Xu Tui to guard the other end of the quantum teleportation tunnel, suddenly rubbed his eyes. The short blade in his right hand instantly raised and he entered combat mode.

He thought that he was hallucinating. He immediately followed the method Xu Tui had taught him and focused his attention on one point. This was an easy way to break some of the illusions.

However, Xu Tui also appeared in the next moment. Yan Lie was extremely familiar with Xu Tui’s aura. He was instantly stunned. “Commander, you really brought the principal?”

“You’re an Extreme Branch assassin. Have you gone blind from training? You can’t even tell that it’s me.” Cai Shaochu walked closer with a smile and rubbed Yan Lie’s head. Then, he pulled it out with a look of disdain. ‘Wow, how dirty are you, kid? You have oil on your head!”

Yan Lie, whose eyes were hot and a little choked, suddenly froze. He was still excited, but he was being despised. “Principal, aren’t we a little short of resources here? Occasionally, we would give a little to the female comrades. How could…

“Here!” Cai Shaochu casually threw a bottle of concentrated shampoo to Yan Lie. “It’s enough for you to use for three years.”

Yan Lie caught it. He was first surprised, then stunned. “Principal, did you bring us a gift?”

“That’s right. I’ve already given you yours.”

Yan Lie looked at the concentrated shampoo in his hand and was stunned. “No, Principal, I don’t want this. It’s too much of a loss! You came all the way here to give me a bottle of shampoo. Change it, change it!”

“Forget it if you don’t want it!” The shampoo was waved back by Cai Shaochu. While Yan Lie was stunned, two bottles of coke and a large bag of coffee appeared in Yan Lie’s arms. “I checked the information. I know you like this.

That’s all. There’s a limit to the space.”

Yan Lie roared. He first took a deep breath of the fragrance of the coffee, unscrewed the bottle of Coke, and took a big gulp. He looked extremely intoxicated!

This was the first time he had drunk it in more than half a year. It felt good!

Next, as Cai Shaochu walked out of the underground fortifications that housed the quantum teleportation channel, more and more people discovered him.

“Principal!”

“The principal is here!”

“The principal is really here!”

One to two, two to ten. In an instant, the entire main base of Planet Spirit was in an uproar. The surviving members of the pioneer raiders all gathered.

Someone ran over from afar. He cried before he could speak. Those who had not experienced a desperate situation billions of miles away from their hometown would not be able to understand this feeling.

This feeling was a hundred times stronger than meeting an old friend in his hometown.

A technical man like Wei Cang’s emotions were even more intense than Xu Tui had imagined. He pounced into Cai Shaochu’s arms and cried.

Not far away, Yanzi and the others watched this scene silently.

At the same time that Xu Tui’s eyes turned hot, he suddenly realized another problem. The psychological pressure and problems of the members of his Worldly Pioneer Raiders might be greater than he had imagined.

The reason why he did not feel anything was that his intentions were different. Furthermore, he had An Xiaoxue. The two of them were together every day and did exercise when they had nothing to do. They were very happy and the pressure was relieved very well.

The others were different. Although exercising was the best way to relieve the pressure, it did not seem right.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had an idea. Should he create a bionic robot for technical men like Wei Cang and Yan Lie?

Ah Huang should be able to do it very well.

Cai Shaochu deserves his title as the principal. He could name every surviving member of the pioneer raiders. He also prepared different gifts according to everyone’s hobbies. From the candy cakes they ate and drank to the paintbrush, they were all different. However, everyone was very happy.

Even Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao were as happy as children at this moment.

“Is there no one else?” After giving out 18 gifts, Cai Shaochu suddenly looked at Xu Tui with anticipation and worry.

Xu Tui slowly shook his head. Old Cai suddenly smiled bitterly. “Kid, you didn’t prepare any surprises for me…” As he turned his head, a tear flew into the sky from the corner of Cai Shaochu’s eye. It instantly dissipated.

When the third wave of pioneer raiders set off, there were a total of 300 people in the Huaxia Sector. Old Cai had personally sent them off. There were more than 100 people who had entered the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

At this moment, there were only 18 people, including the two from the European Sector.

One could imagine how Old Cai felt. However, Old Cai’s ability to control his emotions was extremely strong. If he displayed anything in front of so many surviving students, the impact would be too great.

Old Cai wanted to have eight mouths on him since he wanted to talk to everyone. Other than the gifts that he had prepared, Old Cai had also brought some food from the Huaxia Sector. They were all brought over after they were prepared and packaged in a vacuum. They just had to be opened and heated.

There were spicy lobsters that girls liked, tiramisu cakes, roasted lamb chops that Yan Lie, Xu Tui, and Wei Cang liked, and braised pork.

There was also Qu Qingshan’s favorite wine. There were more than a hundred dishes. They were packaged into a box. After opening it, it was filled with long tables.

The first revelry on Planet Spirit began under Cai Shaochu’s lead.

Xu Tui looked at the three people in the distance, Yanzi, Lang Ju, and Lang Biao. He called out, “Come and join me.”

“No, no. That’s yours.” Yanzi waved her hand. @@novelbin@@

“Come, you are also members of the Worldly Pioneer raiders.” Xu Tui stepped forward and pulled the reserved Yanzi and Lang Ju over.

An Xiaoxue, who was slowly picking a small piece of cake, glanced at it. She took a step forward and instantly appeared in front of Yanzi.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He quickly let go of her hand. An Xiaoxue had already pulled Yanzi up. “Yanzi, we’re all comrades. Let’s go together! It’s rare to have such an opportunity.”

Looking at An Xiaoxue’s gaze, Yanzi suddenly smiled. “That’s true. It’s rare to have such an opportunity! Coincidentally, I’ll eat that cake too.”

“I’ve already eaten that piece. Find another one.”

“I’ll eat from the other side. I don’t mind.” Yanzi had already walked forward quickly. She picked up a piece of the cake that An Xiaoxue had picked and put it into her mouth. She had a beautiful expression. “It’s delicious!”

An Xiaoxue’s expression was still calm. However, her gaze swept past Xu Tui. “You can let me do such things in the future.” Xu Tui was speechless. After saying that, An Xiaoxue instantly stepped forward and took the cake away. “I don’t like to share my things with others.”

Yanzi was stunned. “Don’t you Huaxia people pay attention to hospitality?”

“The one I like can only be mine!” An Xiaoxue took a bite of the cake. She was extremely domineering and had a hidden meaning.

Yanzi suddenly smiled. She picked up the other piece of cake and ate it happily. “That might not be the case.”

By the side, Xu Tui’s back was already covered in cold sweat. He felt that this exchange was normal, but it sounded like gunpowder.

He was afraid!

He quickly picked up a bottle of beer and joined Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Yan Lie, and the others. He could not deal with this battlefield. It was better to avoid it.

“Xu Tui, are you already with this girl?” Qu Qingshan winked wretchedly.

Cold sweat instantly broke out on Xu Tui’s forehead. “Mr. Qu, don’t talk nonsense. There’s no such thing.”

“Then why are you sweating?” Yan Lie looked curious.

“Don’t you know our hearing? Don’t talk nonsense, species! The species are different,” Xu Tui quickly said.

At the side, Wen Shao said faintly, “Does that mean that you’re already going to do it if you’re the same species as Yanzi?”

Xu Tui was speechless. At this moment, Xu Tui suddenly felt two cold lights. An Xiaoxue and Yanzi, who were eating cake, turned their gazes over at the same time. They might have heard it.

F*ck!

Xu Tui looked at the new hat that Old Cai had given Wen Shao. He wanted to lift it and break the horn. He usually did not say a word or fart. As soon as he opened his mouth, he f*cking tricked him!

What did he mean by the same species? It was simply…

Xu Tui felt that it would be a huge mistake to be with these guys. He should not have come over!

Yanzi and An Xiaoxue must have heard Wen Shao’s words. This small interlude caused Xu Tui to feel a little uneasy during the banquet. He kept feeling that someone was staring at him. To be honest, there was really nothing between him and Yanzi. But why would he feel guilty?

During the banquet, Old Cai specially went over to communicate with Yanzi and Lang Ju.

Xu Tui was very honest in front of Old Cai. For example, the raw material of the quantum array core, the quantum jade core, was refined by Yanzi with his cooperation.

Xu Tui had also told Old Cai that he had successfully learned it. He had already succeeded in instantiating Yanzi’s purple flames. However, his current instantiation level was still far inferior to Yanzi’s purple flames. He still needed to continue cultivating.

Xu Tui still needed some time and experimentation to refine the quantum jade core himself. Outside the base, the Spirit Queen, who had heard the commotion, stood on a small mountain peak and watched all of this from afar. Her huge single eye had a clear and complicated gaze.

Was this the so-called society of humans?

“Is that the Spirit Queen?” Old Cai asked.

After Xu Tui nodded, Old Cai looked at it. “I’ll ask when I’m done.”

The banquet that Cai Shaochu brought did not last long. It ended in about two hours.

It was mainly because the combat strength of the pioneer raiders was too strong. In less than two hours, they had wiped out the hundreds of dishes that Old Cai had brought.

Everyone’s faces were brimming with satisfaction.

“Students, are you happy today?” Old Cai suddenly spoke loudly, his voice spreading to every corner.

At this moment, everyone seemed to have returned to school. They shouted in all kinds of postures, “Happy!”

“Yes, it’s good to be happy! However, the happiness is over. I’m going to assign homework. Listen carefully!”

Homework? These words made Xu Tui and the others, who had not left school for long, prick up their ears. Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao, who were wily old foxes, were still a little confused.

Homework? What was homework? They had not heard that word for a long time.

“Remember it well. Everyone has a share of this homework! Everyone had to write a battle summary related to their abilities! You also had to write a future direction for your abilities. In the end, you had to write a target document for your future cultivation plan. Yes, this was homework! I’ll personally verify it one-on-one! You all know the punishment rules of the Extra- terrestrial Genetic Evolution College if you do badly or don’t have anything useful!

“The time limit is one day!”

Cai Shaochu smiled and extended a finger. At this moment, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and the others, who had reacted, trembled.

They were suddenly unhappy. There was actually homework! And it was the kind that the principal personally reviewed. Couldn’t he make them happier?

In an instant, wails rang out! They had already killed their way to the extra-terrestrial, but they still could not escape from their homework.

At the side, Bu Qingqiu was also amused. Cai Shaochu immediately added fuel to the fire. “Qingqiu, you have one too. Don’t forget.”

“Me too?” Bu Qingqiu’s jaw dropped.

“That’s right. Unless you break through to the planetary realm, you can’t miss out on homework! Yes, you have to add another article: An analysis of your own strength and a feasible method to break through to the planetary realm.”

Bu Qingqiu: ‘

Xu Tui was amused when he saw Bu Qingqiu’s expression. It was rare to see Miss Bu suffer.

“Xu Tui, as the regiment commander, you have more homework. There is a summary of the battle command, a summary of the three battles, and an analysis of the current situation and shortcomings in development…”

Cai Shaochu spoke non-stop. Xu Tui wanted to cry.. He met the principal in a foreign land who gave him homework…