Chapter 1161 - 1161: Lei Tian I S Two-Month Plan

Chapter 1161: Lei Tian?

I?

s Two-month Plan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Planet Kono, the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

One after another, light kept falling rapidly from the sky toward the large screen wall outside the forward operating base.

The second elder of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin Er, who had just landed, had a nervous expression. In a few seconds, Yin Liu arrived. The two of them gathered together and handed over an order to the guards. They began the process of verification.

Just as Yin Er and Yin Liu were waiting for their verification, a few more streams of light arrived.

A few streams of light landed on the ground. Yin Er quickly went over to greet them.

There were Planetary powerhouses from the Dissimilate Clan and the Fission Race. Among them, Diwu Hui from the Fission Race had fought with them together several times. They could be considered comrades.

“Have you also received the transfer order for the strategic adjustment and debriefing meeting?” Yin Er greeted them with a smile.

“That’s right. We received it two months ago. However, because of the transfer of the defense and the distance, we only rushed over today. The Great Xi Clan has been a little active recently,” Diwu Hui replied.

At the side, another Planetary powerhouse from the Dissimilate Clan answered the same. He had received orders two months ago.

After greeting a few familiar faces and receiving the same answer, Yin Er and Yin Liu heaved a sigh of relief.

In the past six months, the Mechanical Spirit Race had continuously lost Planetary powerhouses. Although Yin Er had arranged a seemingly reasonable reason for them to disappear, it was still a little frequent.

The first wave was the disappearance of Yin Ba and Yin Qi. With careful arrangements, they were completely fooled. However, in less than three months, Yin San and a few quasi-planets were gone.

This almost made Yin Er explode.

The Spiritual Race was not a fool. Otherwise, they would not have ruled them for so long.

Yin Liu and Yin Wu spent half a month preparing before they came up with a report that they could fool. After the report was handed over, Yin Er, Yin Wu, and Yin Liu waited anxiously. Then, Lei Qian’s question, Yin Er’s explanation, and so on came. However, in the end, this matter was considered over.

However, two months ago, in the name of Commander-in-chief Lei Tian, the forward operating base was going to hold a strategic adjustment and debriefing meeting. They requested all the Planetary powerhouses under them to participate except for a few Planetary powerhouses who could not leave. There were also some quasi-planetary powerhouses who were requested to attend the meeting.

As soon as they received this order, Yin Er and Yin Liu felt uneasy. They were really afraid that Commander Lei Tian had some thoughts.

Would he be suspicious?

In his anxiety, Yin Er, Yin Liu, and Yin Wu spent two months. In these two months, they could be said to have their tails between their legs. They did not dare to do anything unnecessary. They had some thoughts when they arrived at the venue of the forward operating base today. Yin Er and Yin Liu went to investigate first. Yin Wu was still waiting in outer space.

Once there was a problem, Yin Wu would be the fire seed of the Mechanical Spirit Race, giving them a little hope of escaping. However, after asking several Planetary powerhouses who had come to participate in the meeting, Yin Er and Yin Liu felt that there were no problems.

The meeting that Lei Tian was holding should be a rather serious one. They could participate as usual. After some thought, Yin Er gestured to Yin Liu. Then, Yin Liu sent Yin Wu a secret message.

Not long after, Yin Wu also flew over from the sky.

Yin Liu had sent him a secret message saying that they were safe and could participate normally.

In the Command Hall of the forward operating base, Lei Qian, who was carrying a large stomach and about to give birth, suddenly had a sharp gaze.

“Sir, there’s a problem. There’s definitely a problem with the Mechanical Spirit Race! Just now, we captured an unknown message.

“We could confirm that this message was sent to Yin Wu. After Yin Wu received it, he rushed over from the outside world. Before this, Yin Wu had been watching from the outside world. Something is going on! There must be something wrong with the Mechanical Spirits!”

Seeing that Lei Qian had lost her temper, Lei Tian, who was dressed in a neat uniform, quickly bent down and moved behind Lei Qian. He carefully supported Lei Qian’s stomach with his large hand.

“Oh my god, why are you angry! Didn’t we already determine that there was a problem with the Mechanical Spirit Race? Otherwise, why would I hold this meeting? Please don’t get angry. The child will be born in a few days. You could not do this again! I guarantee that I will treat the Mechanical Spirit Race until they submit to you.” In front of Lei Qian’s big stomach, Lei Tian had completely become a grandson.

Perhaps it was also because she was pregnant that Lei Qian had a bad temper. She gritted her teeth and said, “Previously, they even fooled me. Those two reports were each more fake than the other. It’s just that you weren’t around, so I didn’t dare to deal with them. I could only pinch my nose and accept it! Otherwise, they would really think that I’m easy to fool!”

“That’s right. If it weren’t for the big picture and stability, you would have destroyed the Mechanical Spirit Race long ago! We can’t be angry. Sit, sit. I’ll go to a meeting later. By the way, let’s count the days. It should be these few days, right?” Lei Tian looked at Lei Qian’s stomach and asked.

“It should be in the next few days, but the time might not be the same. It should be four to five days earlier. If it’s slower, it should be half a month,” Lei Qian said.

“Yes, let’s not be anxious. Let’s not be anxious! This baby will be born naturally.”

“Okay.”

At the mention of the child, Lei Qian’s expression became extremely gentle. She turned around and straightened Lei Tian’s uniform. She even gently stroked a strand of messy hair on Lei Tian’s forehead.

“Okay, go.” Lei Qian pushed Lei Tian.

Lei Tian pressed against Lei Qian’s stomach for a few more seconds before rushing to the venue.

The venue was not too big. That was because most of the participants were Planetary powerhouses and some quasi-planets. The quasi-planetary powerhouses sat in the outer circle, while the Planetary powerhouses sat in the inner circle.

There were a total of twenty Planetary powerhouses sitting.

Among them, there were three from the Mechanical Spirit Race, six from the Dissimilate Clan, seven from the Fission Race, and four from the Spiritual Race. Of course, this did not include Lei Tian.

However, twenty Planetary powerhouses were not all the forces in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

At least three to four Planetary powerhouses were guarding a few important locations and could not leave.

For example, Ceres Star and Planet Charon.

However, the people guarding outside were mainly Planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race.

Although there were still not many Planetary experts in the Spiritual Race, they had overwhelming strength. It was not a problem for the Planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race to fight two of these vassal races alone.

As Lei Tian entered the arena, everyone from the Planetary and quasi-planetary realm stood up to welcome him.

Lei Tian returned the greeting.

The Spiritual Race’s meeting was very concise and pragmatic. The Planetary powerhouses of various families reported the changes in their situation and the distribution of power. Lei Tian would also ask questions on the spot.

The atmosphere of the meeting was so normal that Yin Er and Yin Liu were completely relieved.

Of course, the Mechanical Spirit Race could not avoid this process.

However, Yin Er, who already had a plan in mind, was also very confident when he reported. After all, other than the unexpected losses of the Planetary realm experts, the Mechanical Spirit Race had performed very well in other aspects.

“Yin Er, your Mechanical Spirit Race only has a total of six Planetary powerhouses. However, you have lost three Planetary powerhouses in three months. There are as many as ten quasi-planetary realm powerhouses that were lost.

“This was almost a loss in a small-scale battle. Although you guys reported it to me previously and I read it, the report is passable. However, I want to hear your explanation again now!” Lei Tian leaned back in his chair and glanced sideways at Yin Er.

In an instant, Yin Er, Yin Liu, and Yin Wu had the urge to explode. They instantly felt like he was sitting on pins and needles. However, the moment Lei Tian looked over, the auras of the four Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race landed on them. @@novelbin@@

This was especially so for Lei Hong. His gaze was filled with killing intent.

Not to mention Lei Tian!

They had been tricked! Yin Er exclaimed in his heart.

They had fallen into Lei Tian and Lei Qian’s trap. The strategic adjustment meeting that had been prepared two months ago was completely aimed at the Mechanical Spirit Race. They were going to deal with them.

Previously, the reason why the Spiritual Race had remained calm and did not flare up was mainly because they were afraid that if they acted too quickly, the Mechanical Spirit Race and the forces under them would be torn apart.

At this moment, all the higher-ups and most of the elite forces of the Mechanical Spirit Race were here. As long as Lei Tian acted up, he would be able to capture them all.

Desperation!

Yin Er and Yin Liu instantly realized that Lei Tian and Lei Qian had used two months to mobilize all the Planetary powerhouses and dug a huge hole for them.

It was a super sinkhole that they could not jump out of.

Yin Er sighed in his heart. He slowly stood up and thought of an excuse. He still wanted to see if he could fool them. However, at this moment, Lei Tian, who was looking at him from the side, knocked on the conference table again and said softly, “Yin Er, think about it before answering! I’m a person who treats my subordinates well. However, this was based on the loyalty of my subordinates. If you can still be loyal to me now, I can give you a chance! Think about it.”

Lei Tian’s words were like the last straw that crushed all of Yin Er’s psychological defenses.

“Sir, I was wrong! Our Mechanical Spirit Race has some selfish motives. We want to make our species stronger in the competition. However, my loyalty to you is still as gold and iron!” Yin Er cowered.

Lei Tian raised his head and glanced at Yin Er. “Continue! ”

In the next thirty minutes, the three elders of the Mechanical Spirit Race revealed everything about Planet Spirit, Planet Spiritual Cabin, and Planet Spiritual Sea.

Yin Liu even told him about meeting Yanzi and Lang Ju on Planet Spiritual Sea. This made Lei Tian’s gaze shift. Recently, the most important thing for him was to chase after Lang Fanyun, Yanzi, and Lang Ju. He did not expect it to be hidden under his nose.

However, Lei Tian was also extremely shrewd. He was not in a hurry to deal with the Mechanical Spirit Race. Instead, he used the matter of the Mechanical Spirit Race to teach the Dissimilate Clan and the Fission Race a lesson.

“I’ve said it before. I’ve treated my subordinates quite well. Yin Er, you’ve been with me for almost 80 years. Since you took the initiative to say it, I’ll give you a chance. Tell me yourself, how should we deal with this matter?” Lei Tian said.

“Thank you for your trust, Sir. Under the current circumstances, we mainly have two initiatives. The first is to hand over the three Spiritual Planets and seven resource planets that we have developed in private over the years to Sir and let you deal with them!” Yin Er said.

“This is the asset of your Mechanical Spirit Race. I can’t accept it.” Lei Tian refused.

“Sir, in the solar system, without your protection, we would not have been able to safely develop so many resource planets. We only had such an opportunity because we borrowed your might. We were in the wrong in the past. Now, please accept it and accept our loyalty again. Otherwise, we will be extremely terrified!”

This last sentence was said by Yin Er, Yin Liu, and Yin Wu at the same time. It was extremely sincere.

Hearing this, Lei Tian chuckled. “In that case, I’ll accept it. However, I’ll give you 20% of all the planets! Actually, if you had explained earlier, my forward operating base would accept a year or two protection fee as your protection, why not?”

“We did something wrong.” Yin Er expressed his stance again. “The second move is for the Mechanical Spirit Race to use all our strength to destroy the power of Planet Spirit. We will capture Xu Tui, Yanzi, and Lang Ju alive and offer them to Sir to show our loyalty.”

Hearing this, Lei Tian nodded gently. “That’s right. I accept it. However, your strength is still a little weak now. Lei Hong will lead the team. Lei Gen will be the staff officer! The Fission Race and the Dissimilate Clan will each send out two Planetary realm experts to destroy this force under our noses!”

The meeting room was in an uproar..