Chapter 1165 - 1165: Attack And Retreat?

Chapter 1165: Attack and Retreat?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Blue Star had a longer time to prepare for battle than Xu Tui had expected after he communicated with Cai Shaochu.

Xu Tui had expected that Old Cai would be able to complete his preparations for battle in ten days at most. However, in reality, according to the progress of Old Cai’s contact, the Blue Star would need at least twenty days to prepare for battle.

After Old Cai returned, he immediately used the quantum array core he had obtained from Xu Tui to upgrade the quantum teleportation channel between the Moon and Mars. Only after the quantum teleportation channel was successfully upgraded could Old Cai’s plan, or rather, Xu Tui’s plan, be completely approved by the Blue Star’s alliances.

Only then could the plan be implemented. Then, the seven sectors and one organization gathered the Planetary realm, quasi-planetary realm, and some Transmutation Realm elites to participate in the battle.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry. Wars between planets could last for several years. It did not matter if it was just a few days. In any case, after obtaining 330,000 grams of Origin Crystals from Old Cai, he would not lack Origin Crystals for the next year or two.

As they were very rich and the battle was imminent, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue cultivated very freely. An Xiaoxue had built more than seven internal circulation channels in a day. Xu Tui could sometimes reach nine.

Of course, Xu Tui was not the only one.

The appearance of Principal Cai was like an invisible line between the members of the Worldly Pioneer raiders and the Blue Star’s mother planet.

This line was the way home!

Everyone’s psychological burden was gone, so they cultivated crazily. In just a few days, another of the remaining four Evolution Realm experts had broken through to the Transmutation Realm.

The strength of the pioneer raiders could be said to have increased rapidly.

During this period, Old Cai and the Huaxia Sector first sent two Planetary realm powerhouses and four quasi-planetary experts over through the temporary transit teleportation channel that Xu Tui had established between them and the Planet Spirit.

The leader was Li Qingping, and the other Planetary realm powerhouse was Xie Qing. Xu Tui had never heard of such a Planetary powerhouse in the Huaxia Sector.

Old Cai said that the Huaxia Sector actually had some hidden power. However, that was all the expedition team that Old Cai could mobilize. Most of the forces in the Huaxia Sector were under the public eye. They could not go overboard and could not mobilize too many forces.

In a few days, when the operation officially began, Li Qingping and the others would set off first.

In the early morning of the 27th of July, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue finished their cultivation and carried out transportation. Before they fell asleep in each other’s arms, they started chatting.

“Tell me, why haven’t I had a baby after so long?” An Xiaoxue stroked her flat stomach, a little worried.

Xu Tui patted An Xiaoxue’s smooth back. “Xiaoxue, did you learn genetics for nothing? The difficulty of our reproduction is more than a hundred times that of a normal person. Although our cultivation levels are still at the

Transmutation Realm, in terms of the mental body and other aspects, we are already in the quasi-planetary realm. It is normal for it to be difficult.

“However, isn’t this convenient?” Xu Tui let out a mischievous laugh.

Just as Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were falling into a deep sleep, in the vast space 10,000 to 50,000 kilometers away from Spirit I. A line of 21 streams of light slowly stopped in the vast space.

Lei Gen, who was protected by three Planetary realm powerhouses, waved at Yin Er, Yin Liu, and Yin Wu on his left.

“According to your description, we are about to enter the range of the high-intensity remote sensing reconnaissance of Spirit I. If we advance at high speed, there is a possibility of being discovered. Do the three of you have any way to avoid it?” Lei Gen asked.

At the side, Lei Hong was a little dissatisfied. “In my opinion, we can advance at high speed and just charge in. According to the information of Yin Er and the others, we will still be able to crush Xu Tui and the others even if their strength is doubled.”

“What if they escape without a fight?” Lei Gen asked.

“Where can they escape to in this vast space? Can they escape our pursuit?” Lei Hong was very confident.

“You were also involved in tracking down Yanzi and Lang Ju, right? Then why did they run away?” Lei Gen retorted.

Firstly, Lei Gen had recently broken through from the Transmutation Realm to the quasi-planetary realm with the strong support of Lei Tian. He was qualified to talk to Lei Hong. Secondly, before he set off, Lei Tian had specially instructed him to prioritize Lei Gen’s opinion in strategic tactics and make a record. He wanted to check it.

That was why Lei Gen was so unyielding.

Lei Hong stopped after being scolded by Lei Gen. He had indeed lost Yanzi back then. Although it was partly because of Lang Fanyun, he was chasing after Yanzi now. Coupled with Lei Tian’s instructions, Lei Hong no longer insisted.

Reflecting on the previous battles, Lei Gen’s strategic tactics were actually right.

“Sir, you’re right. Under normal circumstances, unless we advance at a turtle speed, we won’t be able to avoid the high-intensity remote sensing reconnaissance equipment of Spirit I. However, in order to hide the Planet Spirit, we built a strong magnetic field on Spirit Il and Spirit Ill to interfere with unintentional passersby.

“Under such circumstances, when the strong magnetic fields of Spirit Il and Ill overlapped, even the remote sensing equipment on Spirit I would be temporarily chaotic and malfunction. We had thought of many ways to solve this problem, but we had never solved it. Since it did not last long and it was very difficult for outsiders to know, it continued like this,” Yin Liu said.

“How long is the cycle of the magnetic field overlapping? How long will it take to arrive?” Lei Gen asked.

“Sir, the overlap cycle happens every day. According to the current locations of Spirit Il and Spirit Ill, it will overlap in about four hours.

“The magnetic field overlaps for about an hour. However, fifty minutes of this hour only weakens the remote sensing detection equipment of Spirit I. There are only ten minutes when the remote sensing detection equipment malfunctions.”

“Are you saying that we only have ten minutes? How is ten minutes enough? Aren’t you talking nonsense?” Lei Gen was dissatisfied.

“No, Sir. If we enter the center of the overlapping strong magnetic fields of Spirit I, the remote sensing satellites of Spirit I will not be able to detect us within this hour. However, the range of the initial strong magnetic field overlapping is very small. We need to circle around it,” Yin Liu said.

“Is there enough time?” Lei Gen asked.

“There’s still time!”

“Then lead the way.”

The 21 streams of light circled around the pitch-black space. Then, they waited quietly for almost four hours before advancing at high speed again.

At 4:20 a.m. on the 28th of July, 21 streams of light streaked past the overlapping strong magnetic fields below Spirit Il and Ill like meteors. If someone on Planet Spirit was observing in this direction, they would think that they had seen a small meteor shower.

Meteor showers were too common in the asteroid belt. They could be seen almost every day.

On Spirit I, the adjutant of the Mechanical Spirit Race on duty saw the blurry shadow of the meteor shower sent by the remote-sensing imaging device. He then looked at the energy remote-sensing reconnaissance device that did not have any energy fluctuations and casually swiped through the video.

It was just a meteor shower. He was tired of watching it!

As for the location of this meteor shower, if he used the Hunter’s disc-shaped fighter jet to fly, he would only need five hours to reach Planet Spirit. If it was a top quasi-planet like Yin Ba, it would only take four hours. It would only take three hours for a Planetary realm powerhouse like Old Cai to travel at full speed.

At 6:10 a.m. on the 28th of July, an ear-piercing alarm instantly exploded in the entire main base of Planet Spirit.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, who were in a deep sleep, instantly opened their eyes.

Their hearts were beating wildly. They looked at each other. Xu Tui and An

Xiaoxue jumped up and put on their combat uniforms as quickly as possible.

Five seconds later, Xu Tui rushed out of the room. At the same time, he shouted at Ah Huang, “What happened?”

“21 high-intensity energy fluctuations detected. They are approaching us at high speed! They should not be more than 30,000 kilometers away from our planet. The enemy is expected to arrive on Planet Spirit within 20 minutes. Please make strategic and tactical arrangements immediately!”

“Twenty-one high-intensity energy fluctuations. Specific strength? Contact Spirit I immediately. There are so many forces. Didn’t Spirit I give any warning?” Xu Tui shouted.

“There are no warnings from Spirit I. I’ve already checked the records of Spirit @@novelbin@@

There are no problems. They should have passed through in a special way. Among the 21 high-intensity energy fluctuations, there are five to nine energy fluctuations that are extremely powerful. We highly suspect that they are

Planetary realm powerhouses!”

“Five to nine?” Xu Tui’s pupils constricted. This was an astonishing number. What if it was five Planetary realms or nine? “Enemy attack! Urgent notice, enemy attack! Everyone, gather at the first main base and wait for orders.

“Spirit Queen, you should also enter the first main base and wait for orders. Evacuate the ant-men below the Transmutation Realm under you.

“Ah Huang, I need more detailed energy strength test results.”

While Xu Tui was giving the order, Li Qingping, Xie Qing, and Bu Qingqiu had already arrived beside Xu Tui. They all looked at Xu Tui.

“Ah Huang said that there are five to nine Planetary realm experts?” Xu Tui narrowed his eyes and looked at the starry sky.

At this moment, the stream of light could already be seen with the naked eye. This information shocked Li Qingping, Xie Qing, and Bu Qingqiu. However, no one crossed the line. They were all waiting for Xu Tui’s orders.

“Therefore, the regular Transmutation Realm and Evolution Realm experts are to enter the underground fortifications of the first main base and be prepared to retreat at any time.”

“Ah Huang, contact the temporary transit planet urgently.” Xu Tui narrowed his eyes.

“Retreat?” Li Qingping frowned.

“Let’s wait a little longer.” Xu Tui shook his head. “The temporary quantum teleportation channel used for the retreat can only teleport one Planetary realm cultivator at the moment. ”

Xu Tui did not say anything else, but Li Qingping and Xie Qing understood. If they really retreated, they would definitely lose a Planetary realm powerhouse in this battle. Losing a Planetary realm powerhouse before the battle was a huge loss to the Huaxia Sector.

Five minutes later, Ah Huang’s message came. “We can basically confirm that there are eight Planetary realm energy fluctuations!”

As soon as this news was released, everyone’s expressions turned extremely ugly. This was no different from nine people.

After considering it for only three seconds, Li Qingping said calmly, “You guys retreat.. I’ll cover your retreat! I should be able to buy you enough time!”