Chapter 1168 - 1168: The Power Of Lei Hong (3)

Chapter 1168: The Power of Lei Hong (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Mechanical Spirit Race was too useless!

With such strength, the Mechanical Spirit Race had even tricked several Planetary realm experts to death, causing them to be in such a tragic state.

They were really trash!

“Press forward with all your might. Other than Yanzi and Lang Ju, kill everyone else! Oh, if there are any Blue Star humans who have surrendered, then accept them!” Lei Gen gave the order.

At the same time, Li Qingping, who had been blasted to the ground by Lei Hong, finally soared into the sky again. He roared and charged towards Lei Hong.

However, Lei Hong’s speed was not something that Li Qingping could catch up to.

Li Qingping’s golden light could not catch up to Lei Hong’s lightning. The lightning that Lei Hong had transformed into wreaked havoc in Xu Tui’s lineup.

Xu Tui frowned at the same time. It was not that Xu Tui did not take action. Just now, Xu Tui had already used a Small God Slaying Sword to attack Lei Hong. However, it did not hit!

The speed of Lei Hong’s lightning was too fast. Even with the cooperation of Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword and his mental perception, it did not hit.

He had underestimated him.

He had underestimated Lei Hong’s strength!

This was also the first time Xu Tui had fought a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Spiritual Race head-on. They saw that the main force led by Lei Gen was already pressing forward. If they could not contain Lei Hong, even if Ruan Tianzuo came, he would have died in vain.

However, at this moment, Lei Hong was like the most cunning cheetah. He displayed his speed and lethality advantage to the extreme.

“Xu Tui, I can’t catch up!” Li Qingping became anxious!

Everyone became anxious. If this continued, Lei Hong alone would be able to wipe them out.

Lei Hong, who was flying like a bolt of lightning, also sneered. Today, it was time to display his true strength.

Xu Tui’s mind raced. He needed some time!

Under the cover of his mental perception, Xu Tui roughly determined the foldable route of Lei Hong’s lightning in the shortest time possible. The next target of Lei Hong’s lightning was either An Xiaoxue or Qu Qingshan.

“Xiaoxue, use the word ‘fix’ and the word ‘illusion’ to blast the lightning. I need to stall Lei Hong for a little time! Mr. Qu, I don’t care what method you use. If Lei Hong blasts you, help me stall him for 0.1 seconds! I only need a little time!”

Xu Tui gave the order through mental communication.

Qu Qingshan had a solemn expression. The small mountain and the Ice Barrier danced around him at the same time, strengthening his defense to the

After An Xiaoxue received Xu Tui’s order, she suddenly took a step forward. Her gaze shifted. On the path of Lei Hong’s lightning, the dimensions began to explode. It was like a series of explosions. These Dimensional Explosions continuously chased after Lei Hong’s butt.

Such a Dimensional Explosion was also produced in front of Lei Hong’s lightning. Even though Lei Hong was extremely fast, he was still affected by the Dimensional Explosion. However, his strength was there. An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion had only torn open Lei Hong’s energy defense and did not cause any substantial damage to him.

At that moment, Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword was already prepared. He had wanted to attack.

However, Xu Tui held back. There was only one chance to kill Lei Hong with the God Slaying Sword.

An Xiaoxue’s strategy was successful. An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion successfully attracted Lei Hong’s attention. Although it could not hurt him, a Transmutation Realm expert with such powerful abilities had infinite potential in the future. This was a target that Lei Hong had to eliminate.

Originally, Lei Hong’s next target was Qu Qingshan. However, with a thought, the lightning that Lei Hong had transformed into turned and blasted towards An Xiaoxue.

Lightning instantly exploded!

An Xiaoxue’s gaze was as cold as snow. The moment the lightning blasted over, she tore open three Origin Crystal ability seal cards at the same time. Some of the three Origin Crystal ability seal cards belonged to An Xiaoxue, while others were given to her by Xu Tui.

There was a Fantasy Card, a Fixed Card, and a Vajra Barrier Card.

The first two cards were given to An Xiaoxue by Cai Shaochu previously. The last card was given to An Xiaoxue by Xu Tui, and it came from Li Qingping.

Lei Hong’s lightning was too fast. The Fantasy Card had just been activated when it was pierced through by the lightning formed by Lei Hong.

The Fixed Card did not freeze Lei Hong’s lightning, but it instantly slowed down his lightning by 20%. Although the power of the Fixed Card was still pierced through by Lei Hong, it still had some effect.

However, with Lei Hong’s extreme speed, he was still extremely fast even though he had been slowed down by 20%. The lightning struck An Xiaoxue’s Vajra Barrier with immense force. The golden light of the Vajra Barrier instantly exploded, but the lightning formed by Lei Hong also froze.

It was at this moment.

In an instant, Xu Tui entered Time Distortion.

Xu Tui pulled out all the power of the God Slaying Sword from the red fire slip.

It instantly turned into a small sword and slashed out. The moment the God Slaying Sword slashed out, Lei Gen and all the Planetary realm powerhouses were shocked by this aura.

However, the moment the God Slaying Sword slashed out, it instantly disappeared.

Energy Teleportation in the quantum entanglement state! With a flash, the God Slaying Sword suddenly appeared above Lei Hong’s head, which An Xiaoxue had blocked with her physical body.

This moment was actually extremely fast, but many things happened. @@novelbin@@

The Vajra Barrier on An Xiaoxue’s body shattered, the mental shield shattered, the Dimensional Shield shattered, and blood flowed out of An Xiaoxue’s mouth and nose. However, at the same time, Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword that had disappeared pierced into Lei Hong’s body.

At this moment, Lei Hong felt a cold and evil power blast into his head like a poisonous snake. Then, it stirred crazily.

The world collapsed.

Lei Hong’s consciousness disappeared!