Chapter 1164 - 1164: Dharma And Dao (3)

Chapter 1164: Dharma and Dao (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations @@novelbin@@

“It feels good to be a student after being a teacher for so many years…”

Old Cai was really marking his homework. This was the first time Xu Tui had seen Old Cai’s punishment.

For example, Old Qu had summarized seven problems for himself.

Old Cai casually pinched it and created an illusion. He threw Qu Qingshan in.

“There are seven levels. Try them yourself!”

Qu Qingshan came out again an hour later. He collapsed to the ground.

“Hurry up and rest. Continue modifying. I want to see the wrong question book in eight hours!”

As he wailed, Qu Qingshan picked up his homework and crawled away with difficulty. At the side, the Fantasy Domain formed by a few words was circulating at the same time.

Xu Tui and Bu Qingqiu were the last two to be thrown into the Fantasy Domain. Perhaps it was because they were relatively stronger.

Xu Tui was killed five times before he fell out of the Fantasy Domain. As his life was not in danger, Xu Tui acted out all of his abilities five times for Old Cai to see.

“Although you didn’t break through to the quasi-planetary realm, you already have the strength of a quasi-planetary realm. The Mountain Formula, Stab Formula, Purple Flame, Ice Barrier, Frost Giant, Multi-Dimensional Sword, mental hammer, and Vajra Set. Your abilities have already taken shape.

“However, I personally feel that your future direction should focus more on the energy teleportation of the quantum entanglement state to develop or strengthen this ability. You are still disobedient. Actually, my Formula is very compatible with your School of General Senses,” Cai Shaochu sighed. “Principal, what do you think of the Small God Slaying Sword?” Xu Tui asked.

“Small God Slaying Sword? Have you heard of these four words, Dao, Dharma, Technique, and Weapon?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“I’ve heard of it and understand. However, it doesn’t seem to match our current cultivation system.”

“No, it matches. It’s just that you haven’t let go of your thoughts. The genetic ability chain we are cultivating now is actually a weapon. Different techniques and combinations of abilities could be called techniques.

“Currently, most of the abilities of the Blue Star stopped at weapons and techniques. As for your Small God Slaying Sword, it has already reached the level of Dharma. It even has a hint of Dao,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Dharma and Dao?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“Think about this when you’re free. This might be the direction for us to break through to the Planetary realm in the future. As for the reason why my Formula is difficult to learn, it’s because it has jumped out of the scope of weapons and techniques and is already at the level of Dao!” Cai Shaochu said. “Dao, Dharma, Technique, and Weapon! I’ll remember it, Principal.”

“Okay, this is for you.” Cai Shaochu took out eight Silver Spirit Boxes and handed them to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was stunned. “Principal, you still have these?”

“I used a few after I purified them, but I feel that I’ve reached the upper limit. I kept one or two for good seedlings. You should use these. Besides, they are your spoils of war.”

Xu Tui thought about it and did not reject it. He accepted it. It was worth mentioning that in the two days that Cai Shaochu stayed, seven of the members of the pioneer raiders had broken through from the Evolution Realm to the Transmutation Realm.

Six of them had broken through from Cai Shaochu’s Fantasy Domain when they completed their homework.

This breakthrough was Cai Shaochu’s guidance, but it was also because of their accumulation. At this point, only four members of the pioneer raiders had not broken through to the Transmutation Realm. The rest were all Transmutation Realm members.

On the 17th of July, Xu Tui sent Cai Shaochu off. The various plans began to be implemented at the same time.

For example, contacting the location of the expedition fleet.

A month ago, Ah Huang’s clone had already set off with a fleet.

After sending Cai Shaochu off, Xu Tui distributed Origin Crystals to everyone again. Each of them received more than 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Yin Ba,

Lavis, and the others received as much as 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

“Everyone, cultivate and prepare for battle!”