Chapter 1163 - 1163: Dharma And Dao (2)

Chapter 1163: Dharma and Dao (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“If you’re unwilling to go, stay here! Don’t worry. As long as I’m around, no one can hurt you!”

Lei Qian did not say anything. She nodded heavily and hugged the man in front of her tightly.

This was her unparalleled hero!

On Planet Spirit, Xu Tui was making the final review of his plan with Cai Shaochu.

“Xu Tui, you plan to use Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others as bait to attract a portion of the Spiritual Race’s forces to annihilate them. You want to destroy the Spiritual Race’s forces from the outside first. I was very optimistic about this plan. However, are Yanzi and Lang Ju trustworthy? Did you tell them? Do they agree?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“I haven’t said it yet, but they should agree. Moreover, I think that they are trustworthy.” Xu Tui was very certain.

Cai Shaochu sized Xu Tui up with a strange gaze. “A man has such trust and confidence in a woman. In my experience, you have already conquered her. It would be a good thing if you had already conquered Yanzi…’ @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was stunned. “Stop, stop, stop. Principal, there’s no such thing as conquering. There’s no such thing.”

“Then where did you get such confidence? Don’t worry, I won’t spout nonsense!

I will only think that you sacrificed your looks for the Huaxia Sector and the Blue Star Humans. They would only praise you. Of course, you’d better not let Old Ji know,” Cai Shaochu said slowly.

Xu Tui was dumbfounded.

Principal, can you be more serious? You made everything sound so serious. He does want to sacrifice his looks for the Huaxia Sector.

“No?” Cai Shaochu was puzzled.

Xu Tui shook his head firmly.

“Then there are some variables in this matter! If women from other races are not conquered by you, they will not be able to give you enough trust.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Principal, is contact in mind power considered conquest?”

Cai Shaochu blinked and gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. “Alright, next question.”

He was a highly respected principal. He felt a little ashamed to discuss conquering an alien woman with Xu Tui.

A few hours later, Cai Shaochu, who had finished reviewing the overall plan, nodded. “There are no loopholes in the plan at the moment. It can be said to be a perfect plan. However, you overlooked a problem.”

“What problem?”

“You treated the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base as a Boss monster in a game. Have you considered what if there are any changes to the Spiritual Race for some reason?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“A variable of the Spiritual Race?” Xu Tui shook his head. “I don’t have any information channels, but the Spiritual Race shouldn’t know about my plan and operation, right?”

“It’s hard to say. It’s hard to say if it’s Black Hole or Dawn Salvation.”

Xu Tui became a little confused when this was mentioned.

“By the way, Principal, the danger of Dawn Salvation is so great. Why can’t we defeat it? With the power of the Blue Star, it shouldn’t be a problem for them to ruthlessly deal with such an organization, right?” Xu Tui asked curiously.

“In theory, that’s true. However, in reality, they can’t be stopped! Other than being a little restricted in the Huaxia Sector, Dawn Salvation is very active outside the Huaxia Sector. According to the analysis of the Special Intelligence Division’s intelligence experts, Dawn Salvation might have a higher-up on the Blue Star,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded. That was indeed a possibility, and the possibility was very high. This reminded Xu Tui of The Myth. Shamera, the traitor, was actually one of the higher-ups of the Blue Star Niyah Sector.

In that case, The Myth…

It would have been fine if he did not think about this. Xu Tui felt a headache coming on when he thought about this.

The Blue Star was too complicated. The situation in the asteroid belt was easier.

“Principal, I have the locations of six asteroids here. Among them, especially on Planet Spiritual Cabin and Spiritual Sea, our Huaxia Sector must send people to occupy them in advance. These planets that can naturally colonize spirits are too important to our future development,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu took the location information. “What about strength? What kind of strength do I need to occupy these planets?”

“I’ve already swept through these planets before. There are at least two to three quasi-planets, and there has to be at least a Planetary realm following. We have to set up a quantum teleportation channel as soon as possible to defend it,” Xu Tui said.

“I understand. What about you? Do you have any other requests?” Cai Shaochu asked.

Xu Tui looked at Cai Shaochu and suddenly said, “Principal, after we occupy these planets, we will split 20 to 30% of the profits with the pioneer raiders.” Cai Shaochu stared at Xu Tui with a burning gaze. “Do you really think so?” Xu Tui nodded.

“Alright, there shouldn’t be a problem!” After saying that, Cai Shaochu sighed softly. “Kid, you’ve finally grown up!

“Although I still like you who didn’t grow up before, I’m very gratified by your growth!” Sighing, Cai Shaochu stood up. “I’ll return tomorrow and prepare for battle with all my might. In order to secretly capture these planets, I’ll send a portion of people over first. Before the plan begins, you can let them set off first.”

After the exchange, Cai Shaochu suddenly opened the public channel of his communication channel and shouted, “Alright, students, let’s start now. I’ll check your homework one-on-one. Students whose names are called, bring your homework to my room and look for me. I’ll review it on the spot. Qu Qingshan, you’re the first!”

Qu Qingshan, who was still modifying his homework, heard this voice. He held on for five minutes before throwing away his pen. Then, he strode towards Cai Shaochu’s room..