Chapter 1171 - 1171: The Turn Of The Situation (2)

Chapter 1171: The Turn of the Situation (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, he missed! @@novelbin@@

It was worth mentioning that Xu Tui’s mind power had increased by about 140% compared to when he returned to Planet Spirit in June.

It had increased exponentially.

Therefore, the power of the Small God Slaying Sword condensed with 10% of his mind power was comparable to the Small God Slaying Sword condensed with nearly 30% of his mind power from before.

However, this was a huge battle. Xu Tui did not dare to quickly exhaust his mind power.

Xu Tui was trapped by the Planetary realm powerhouse in front of him. As he resisted with all his might, he began to observe the situation.

The situation was worse than Xu Tui had expected.

Originally, Xu Tui thought that he could fight to a draw and slowly find an opportunity. However, Xie Qing, Bu Qingqiu, and An Xiaoxue were all injured differently when Lei Hong barged in just now and killed the quasi-planetary, Yin Liujian.

At this moment, Xie Qing, who Xu Tui had high hopes for, could only barely stop Yin Er. Even if Xu Tui interfered, he would not have a chance to kill Yin Er. Moreover, Xu Tui felt that Xie Qing would not be able to last long in his current state.

It was the same for Bu Qingqiu, who had also stopped another Planetary realm expert. Originally, Xu Tui had wanted to cooperate with Bu Qingqiu to create an opportunity to kill a Planetary realm. Now, it seemed that he could not.

It was the same for An Xiaoxue, who was fighting a quasi-planet. It was a little difficult.

All of the participants on Xu Tui’s side were having a hard time walking. That was because most people are dealing with enemies that are above their realm.

Even Yanzi and Lang Ju had each withstood a quasi-planet. It was the same for Wen Shao and Qu Qingshan.

The other quasi-planetary experts were all stopped by the Transmutation Realms and the nine Transmutation Realm experts of the Ant Clan.

Yin Liulong, Yin Sanping, and the Spirit Queen were struggling to deal with a Planetary realm cultivator from the Dissimilate Clan.

Although Li Qingping could fight two people alone, the problem was that the enemy was unwilling to fight two against one.

They were at a complete disadvantage!

During the battle, Xu Tui turned around and looked at the first main base. He was a little anxious.

Ruan Tianzuo’s reinforcements had not arrived yet! At this moment, even two to three quasi-planetary experts would be able to solve the disadvantageous situation, let alone a Planetary realm expert.

According to the time, the battle had been going on for two minutes. At the very least, two quasi-planets should be able to be teleported over.

“Two reinforcements have already arrived, but they are observing the situation of the battle and making preparations before the battle. They said that they are expected to participate in the battle in two to three minutes!” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

Xu Tui took a deep breath when he heard that. As expected, Old Ruan was unreliable. He had to rely on his own strength to kill the enemy.

The light of the three-phase thermal bombs lit up one after another. Although Lei Gen had saved Lei Hong, he was also in an extremely sorry state. He was implicated by the overwhelming number of ant beasts and a large number of drones and could not participate in the battle to command the battle for the time being.

Xu Tui’s mental perception spread out like a large net. He had to find a turning point in the battle. He only had to pay a small price to assist. However, he had to have the strength to kill the enemy.

Xu Tui glanced at Yan Lie.

Yan Lie was also fighting a quasi-planetary expert alone. However, because of his cultivation direction, the situation was extremely difficult. The direction of Yan Lie’s ability cultivation was not suitable for such head-on confrontation and restraint. He should be an assassin wandering in the void.

However, at this moment, he could only face a quasi-planet head-on. It was very difficult. Based on the current situation, Xu Tui felt that Yan Lie would not be able to last more than five minutes.

In an instant, Xu Tui had an idea. He wanted to liberate Yan Lie. Once he liberated Yan Lie, the chess game between quasi-planets might come to life.

In the next moment, Xu Tui tore apart an Fantasy Card given by Old Cai. He fused his mind power into it. While he was experiencing the Fantasy Domain, a huge Fantasy character enveloped the Planetary realm powerhouse opposite him.

Under normal circumstances, even the Origin Crystal ability seal card made by a Planetary realm powerhouse only had the power of a quasi-planetary realm.

Therefore, Old Cai’s word could trap this Planetary realm powerhouse, but it would definitely not be able to trap him for long.

Xu Tui estimated that it would take at most 0.5 milliseconds. However, this time was enough for Xu Tui. The moment the word “Fantasy” enveloped the Planetary realm powerhouse opposite him, Xu Tui willed his Small God Slaying Sword condensed in his mental body.

It was the Small God Slaying Sword that had 5% mind power.

At this moment, Xu Tui cherished mind power extremely.

Sword light flashed and it instantly disappeared. Energy Teleportation in the quantum entanglement state!

He slashed out!

The quasi-planetary expert of the Dissimilate Clan who was fighting Yan Lie was actually very careful. Energy barriers, energy shields, and mental shields blocked layer after layer. They were all quasi-planetary experts. Although they did not encounter many mental attacks, they had to be careful at all times. Therefore, a mental shield was necessary. Even if the mental shield could not completely block the enemy’s mental attacks, it could block a portion of the mental attacks and warn them.

In fact, his concept was completely correct. It was also because of this that Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue would activate their mental shields during battle.

Unfortunately, he was facing Xu Tui today.

The Small God Slaying Sword specialized in slashing at the mental body, but energy teleportation could allow the Small God Slaying Sword to pass through many defenses and slash into his head, which was the mental body.

In an instant, the quasi-planetary expert from the Dissimilate Clan felt a sharp pain in his head and his vision turned black.

Under the vibration of his mental body, all the defensive methods related to mind power collapsed.

That was because Xu Tui had only used less than 5% of his mind power. In reality, the lethality was not too great..