Chapter 1178 - 1178: Distribution Of Spoils Of War And No Rush Back

Chapter 1178: Distribution of Spoils of War and No Rush Back

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Cai Shaochu had rushed over as soon as the quantum fluctuations of the quantum teleportation channel that led to the temporary transit planet completely recovered.

“Where’s Ruan Tianzuo?” Old Cai had already learned about all the battle situations through Ah Huang’s communication with Xu Tui before he came. He had also personally checked all the data.

“Mr. Ruan said that he wants to see the Planet Spirit. Mr. Li Qingping will accompany him.” Qu Qingshan answered. Even though Qu Qingshan had been a teacher for more than ten years, he was still like a student when he appeared in front of Old Cai.

“Let’s go and see them.”

Cai Shaochu’s voice was a little heavy.

Cai Shaochu was referring to the three members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders who had died in battle. More than ten days ago, Cai Shaochu met them one by one. He had personally given them homework and guided them in their cultivation homework.

In the blink of an eye, they became three broken corpses.

One of the corpses had only one third left. The three corpses had already been placed into a cold coffin by Xu Tui and the others. They were prepared to find an opportunity to transport them back to the Manut asteroid.

Xu Tui had thought that Old Cai might just want to take a look. He did not expect Old Cai to stand in front of the three corpses quietly. He waited until Ruan Tianzuo returned.

“Principal Cai.”

Even with Ruan Tianzuo’s strength, he would still address Cai Shaochu as Principal.

“Mm.” Cai Shaochu responded softly, but he did not turn around. He was still staring at the cold coffin containing the bodies.

“Old Ruan, you responded well to this battle,” Cai Shaochu praised indifferently.

Ruan Tianzuo had a strange feeling. If this was a different place or a meeting room, Ruan Tianzuo would have gladly accepted these words. However, he felt that something was wrong in this place that was similar to a mourning hall.

However, he could only endure it.

“It’s my duty. It’s necessary as we are from Huaxia! It’s just that we came a little late. Otherwise, these people wouldn’t have…”

“It’s good that you remember you are from Huaxia.” Cai Shaochu spoke again.

“Come, send them off.”

Under Ruan Tianzuo’s stunned gaze, Cai Shaochu straightened his clothes and bowed ninety degrees to the three cold coffins.

Li Qingping did as he was told. Xu Tui, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Yan Lie, and the other members of the pioneer raiders were all the same. Under such an atmosphere, Ruan Tianzuo did not dare to straighten his back. He obediently followed Cai Shaochu and bowed three times.

The atmosphere immediately became heavy and oppressive after they bowed.

Old Cai slowly placed three bouquets of unknown yellow flowers that looked like chrysanthemums in front of the three cold coffins. He swept his gaze across everyone. “What are you waiting for? Get lost and cultivate. If you don’t cultivate well, are all of you waiting for me to send you chrysanthemums?”

Old Cai’s roar scared Yan Lie, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Wei Cang, and the others away. Only Xu Tui, Li Qingping, Ruan Tianzuo, Xie Qing, and the others were left.

“Old Ruan, they’re actually about the same age as your grandson, Ruan Da.

They’re both at the age where they should accept roses.” With a long sigh, Old Cai left, leaving Ruan Tianzuo standing rooted to the ground. “Xu Tui, I know that you have anger in your heart, and so do I. However, that’s all I can do for now. If it was the Planetary realm experts from the other sectors, I might have beaten them up, but it would only be a beating! You have to know that Old Ruan did not make any mistakes in the procedure. Instead, he had contributed.” Old Cai was still unsatisfied, but he did not speak again.

Xu Tui nodded gently. “Principal, I understand! I also understand why you said that I was not in a hurry to go back the last time you came.”

“That’s right. Don’t be in a hurry to go back! Why are you in a hurry? To jump into the Great Maelstrom?” Cai Shaochu shook his head. He wanted to say something, but he did not. Li Qingping and Xie Qing, who were following closely behind, shifted their gazes. Just as Li Qingping and Xie Qing’s gazes shifted, Cai Shaochu suddenly turned around and asked, “Do you know what Huaxia people are?

“As long as we Huaxia people are Huaxia people, we will always be Huaxia people no matter where we are! It will always be!”

Cai Shaochu’s words seemed to be directed at the three of them, but it also seemed to be directed at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui seemed to have understood something.

Not long after, Ruan Tianzuo returned. The meeting began.

Why did they have a meeting?

Other than understanding the current situation on Planet Spirit, Cai Shaochu also had the intention of personally guarding Planet Spirit. Of course, the most important thing was how to deal with the current incident and the subsequent changes to the plan.

This was especially so for the current situation. This was considered a settlement within the Huaxia Sector, so Cai Shaochu came directly. There were a few key points that Xu Tui did not dare to deal with at will. Therefore, he had to wait for Cai Shaochu to come over for a meeting.

The most important thing was the captives and spoils of war. There were two captives. One was Lei Hong, the other was Yin Liu, who had been captured alive, and the distribution of the spoils of war.

Although they were all from the Huaxia Sector, three parties were involved.

They were Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders, Li Qingping, Xie Qing, and the others. TAnd Ruan Tianzuo’s people.

“In this battle, you can counterattack in a desperate situation and defeat the

Spiritual Race’s attack team with an absolute advantage. The Worldly Pioneer

Raiders should be the main contributor. According to the rules, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders should raise the conditions,” Cai Shaochu said after some consideration.

Li Qingping and Xie Qing understood what Cai Shaochu meant when he said that he would not let Xu Tui return.

Cai Shaochu treated Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders as an independent organization. However, Ruan Tianzuo was the first to express his doubts. “Aren’t they all from the Huaxia Sector?”

Cai Shaochu glanced at Ruan Tianzuo. “The Worldly Pioneer Raiders were removed from the Blue Star previously. They haven’t returned yet and are fighting as an independent organization.”

Ruan Tianzuo looked at Old Cai. After a while, he let out a soft hum.@@novelbin@@

“Then Xu Tui, what do you think of the distribution plan for the spoils of war? Bring it up first and see if you can pass.” Li Qingping acted as a supporting character.

“I want the Planetary realm powerhouse, Yin Liu! Also, the energy cores of the Planetary realm powerhouses, Yin Er, and the other two quasi-planetary powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race! I need it urgently! The rest would belong to Uncle Li and Mr. Ruan. Of course, if you don’t need some of the Origin Crystals we seized, you can also give them to our pioneer raiders. We urgently lack them,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

Old Cai glanced at Xu Tui. This kid did not care about his reputation. He had just given him 330,000 grams of Origin Crystals a few days ago.

Now, he was poor again!

However, he liked this behavior. A child who knows how to complain the loudest will get the most attention.

Xu Tui’s plan made Ruan Tianzuo frown. He was not interested in other spoils of war like the energy cores. To put it bluntly, Ruan Tianzuo also wanted Yin Liu, the captive, among the two Planetary realm experts.

Ruan Tianzuo had personally checked on the situation of the two captives. The Spiritual Race’s Lei Hong’s mental body had been severely injured. The injuries to his mental body were so serious that even Ruan Tianzuo was stunned.

It could be said that without the intervention of external forces and the intervention of a treasure that could repair the loss of his mental body, it was impossible for Lei Hong to wake up.

Lei Hong was valuable, but any Planetary realm powerhouse would cherish the treasure that could repair the damage to one’s mental body. It was not even enough for him to save his life. Why should he give it to a captive?

This way, Yin Liu, a captive of the Mechanical Spirit Race, would become extremely valuable.

This was especially so for captives of the Spiritual Race, such as Lei Hong. Even if he was saved, he would still die. None of the Spiritual Race members surrendered. However, it was different for the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Didn’t Xu Tui have a few captives of the Mechanical Spirit Race around him? If he persuaded this Planetary realm Yin Liu to surrender, he would gain a lot. That was actually what Ruan Tianzuo had in mind.

Ruan Tianzuo was against Xu Tui’s distribution plan. He had to object.

However, before Ruan Tianzuo could speak, Cai Shaochu was the first to speak. “I think Xu Tui’s plan is quite good. I’ll leave the most valuable Lei Hong to you. He’ll only take the second-class Yin Liu. That’s good. The pioneer raiders also paid a huge price!”

Ruan Tianzuo was stunned. He immediately wanted to object, but Li Qingping immediately said, “That’s right. The Worldly Pioneer Raider paid a huge price this time. Based on what I saw, Xu Tui and the others had used more than a dozen one-time Origin Crystal ability seal cards. There were also huge sacrifices!

“In the difficult battle in the first five minutes before Old Ruan’s arrival, the members of the pioneer raiders were almost risking their lives. Therefore, I think that it would not be a problem for Xu Tui to only take the inferior captive, Yin Liu, and some of the spoils. I support it!” After saying that, Li Qingping even winked at Xie Qing.

“I support it too!” Xie Qing immediately answered. Xie Qing was deeply moved by this battle. If not for Li Qingping and Xu Tui, he might have died.

Ruan Tianzuo, who was about to object, froze. What kind of f*cking meeting was this? As soon as Xu Tui spoke, Cai Shaochu supported him, Li Qingping supported him, and Xie Qing supported him. What was the point of objecting?

His objection was also invalid.

Four to one!

At that moment, Ruan Tianzuo was extremely depressed. He felt that he had been tricked by Old Cai. The spoils of war that he wanted the most had been taken away by Xu Tui.

A captive in the Planetary realm who could be recruited! Even if it belonged to the Huaxia Sector, it would definitely be based on him.

His battle merits this time were very outstanding. The distribution of the spoils of war ended in this four-on-one atmosphere. Ruan Tianzuo, who was originally eager to try, was so angry that he did not say a word.

“Old Ruan, you can say if you have any objections. Why don’t you express any opinions?” Old Cai had a concerned expression.

Ruan Tianzuo had a depressed expression. What was the point of expressing an opinion? If it was useless, what was the point of expressing it?

Xu Tui gave a thumbs-up when he saw this. The principal was still the same principal. As expected of the principal!

“Alright, let’s move on to the next agenda. It’s about the Spiritual Race’s intention to launch a surprise attack on Planet Spirit and its impact on our future plan to launch a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, I think that not only do we have to follow the plan, but we also have to speed up the pace.” This time, Xu Tui was the first to express his opinion..