Chapter 1176 - 1176: Brilliant Combat Merits And Little Tricks

Chapter 1176: Brilliant Combat Merits and Little Tricks

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Spiritual Race’s powerful strength was also reflected in their retreat.

After a Lightning Talisman escaped Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword, Lei Gen turned into lightning and fled. He even received a few people. However, his speed was still not something that Xu Tui and Li Qingping could catch up to.

This was the strongest characteristic of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division— its explosive power was extremely powerful and its speed was extremely fast.

During this time, Lei Gen wanted to save the still unconscious Lei Hong for a moment. However, after thinking about it, he did not dare to take action.

Li Qingping, Xu Tui, and the others had already caught up to the unconscious Lei Hong. At this moment, unless they had overwhelming strength, it was impossible to save him.

Lei Gen could only retreat helplessly. At this moment, Lei Gen was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood.

Lei Hong’s role was not limited to his own strength. Lei Hong also had three to four life-saving chain lightning balls that he had used previously. Lei Hong was different from Lei Gen. He was very strong himself. If he did not rely on that thing to save his life, he could use it as a killing move at any time.

Unlike him, Lei Gen, who did not dare to use it until the last moment. This was because this thing was really a treasure he used to save his life.

Unfortunately, Lei Hong was too unlucky. He only charged crazily for more than ten seconds before he was knocked out by Xu Tui’s sword. He did not even have the chance to use such a great killing weapon.

Otherwise, he would have severely injured at least one or two Planetary realm experts or even killed a few quasi-planetary experts.

Lei Gen’s emotions collapsed as he received the other participants from retreating. The casualties were much more tragic than he had imagined.

Although Lei Hong was not dead, Lei Gen had lost Lei Hong and became a captive of the Blue Star humans.

This gave them hope, but the consequences might be even more serious than Lei Hong being killed.

However, there was something even worse.

The Mechanical Spirit Race had been wiped out!

This time, under the request of Lei Tian, the Mechanical Spirit Race brought along three Planetary realm elders, Yin Er, Yin Liu, and Yin Wu. They also brought three quasi-planetary experts to participate in the battle.

Perhaps it was because they were unlucky, or perhaps it was because the Mechanical Spirit Race was relatively weak, but the three quasi-planetary realm experts were all wiped out. As for the three Planetary realm experts, Yin Wu had died in battle long ago. Yin Er had been killed before he retreated, and Yin Liu seemed to have been captured alive.

They were wiped out.

Other than that, there was also a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fission Race. He was the unlucky kind. Or rather, the Planetary realm powerhouse that had rushed over to support, Ruan Tianzuo, was too strong.

He actually caught up to the slowest Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race and used his fire-type supernatural being ability to trap him from afar. Then, he was surrounded by Ruan Tianzuo and his men.

He had not died in battle.

However, it was only a matter of time before this Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race died in battle.

This way, the number of planetary realm powerhouses who successfully withdrew had become miserably unlookable.

When he came, Lei Gen, who was in high spirits, had brought eight Planetary

realm powerhouses, including Lei Hong. But when they retreated, there were only three. More than half of them had died.

The situation of the quasi-planetary powerhouses was not much better. When he came, Lei Gen had brought a total of thirteen quasi-planets. Now, only five quasi-planets had retreated, including him. Seven of them had died in battle.@@novelbin@@

They had lost 60 to 70% of their forces in this battle.

It was a crushing defeat!

It was an absolute defeat!

By the time he flew out of the thin atmosphere of Planet Spirit, Lei Gen’s heart had become extremely heavy. How was he going to explain himself when he returned? Or should he turn around and attack?

The thought of returning had just occurred to him when Lei Gen immediately rejected it.

Previously, they had been defeated by an attack at their peak. That was when the other party did not have any reinforcements. If he returned in this state, he would only be sending himself to the other party.

“Contact the commander-in-chief…” Lei Gen felt that this was the darkest moment in his life. Xu Tui, this vicious guy, was like a huge shadow that blocked out all the light above his head.

Lei Gen actually felt a trace of fear. He had an inexplicable fear of Xu Tui. If he had a choice, Lei Gen was not willing to go against Xu Tui. It would be best if someone else went against Xu Tui and killed him.

Ruan Tianzuo led four quasi-planetary experts and killed the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race who he had trapped in less than two minutes.

A Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fission Race was only slightly stronger than a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Mechanical Spirit Race.

It was nothing!

After killing this Planetary realm powerhouse, a starlight was instantly annihilated. If anyone observed from Spirit I, they would see starlight constantly being extinguished on Planet Spirit.

Ruan Tianzuo was very excited. It had been a long time since he had personally killed a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Planetary realm powerhouses were not that easy to kill. Today, other than the advantage of the siege, there was also the factor of this person falling into a desperate situation. However, it was comfortable!

This was probably the feeling of entering an uninhabited area. It was very satisfying.

After killing this Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fission Race, Ruan Tianzuo still wanted to pursue victory. Although the probability of chasing after the enemy again was not high, Ruan Tianzuo still wanted to give it a try. Killing a planetary and three quasi-planets in one battle was already very dazzling.

If he could kill another Planetary realm, his battle record would become killing two Planetary realms and three quasi-planetary realms in one battle. This battle record would be extremely dazzling!

Even if it could not bring him the reputation of the God of War, it could definitely make his reputation surpass Cai Shaochu.

This was because even Cai Shaochu had never had such a dazzling battle record. Other than strength, the right to speak of a Planetary realm powerhouse also had battle results and reputation.

However, Ruan Tianzuo was not a fool. If he charged forward with these four quasi-planets now, he would be sending himself to his death if he was not careful.

Although the Spiritual Race was in a sorry state, they still had three Planetary realm and five quasi-planetary realm experts. They might even have the strength to receive them.

He had to charge with the others.

For example, Li Qingping, Xie Qing, and Xu Tui.

Although they had only been on the battlefield for a few minutes, Ruan Tianzuo’s evaluation of Xu Tui’s strength was already very high. Xu Tui’s strength could definitely affect the battle between Planetary realm powerhouses.

However, when Ruan Tianzuo looked over, his gaze shifted slightly.

Xu Tui was looking at him with an unfriendly gaze. Li Qingping was holding Yin Liu in his left hand and Lei Hong in his right. He was also looking at him with a dark expression.

“Old Li, I came in time! And I worked hard enough. I went all out to kill a Planetary realm and three quasi-planetary experts!” Ruan Tianzuo did not wait for Li Qingping to speak.

Li Qingping was not good at talking. He only stared coldly at Ruan Tianzuo and said, “Old Ruan, I’m not as good at talking as you, but right here!” Li Qingping hammered his chest. “It’s like a mirror! You came so quickly!”

Ruan Tianzuo had a stunned expression. “I really came quite quickly. I arrived at the battlefield in five minutes!”

“I won’t say anything about the order of your arrival, but why did the quasi-planetary experts on your side only participate in the battle when you were all here? You’ve participated in so many battles. Don’t you know that an additional quasi-planetary expert participating in the battle in advance can avoid some casualties? Some people did not have to die!” Li Qingping pointed at the corpse that had fallen to the ground with a dark expression.

Ruan Tianzuo’s expression turned cold. He suddenly became angry. “Old Li, I risked my life to save you, but you’re blaming me for being late. Who was the one who was dishonest? There were eight Planetary realm experts attacking. If I’m not careful, next year would be my death anniversary! I risked my life to save you, but you’re like this?” Ruan Tianzuo had a cold expression!

“Hah!” Li Qingping let out a cold laugh. He wanted to say something, but Xu Tui stopped him softly.

“Uncle Li, this is not the time to talk about this.”

Xu Tui, Li Qingping, Xie Qing, and Bu Qingqiu had seen Ruan Tianzuo’s actions today. The timing of entering the battlefield was too precise! Both Xu Tui and Li Qingping could confirm that Ruan Tianzuo would not have appeared if Xu Tui had not knocked Lei Hong out. If Xu Tui had not spared no expense to turn the situation around, the probability of Ruan Tianzuo appearing might have only been 50-50.

It was too sneaky!

Xu Tui had also suffered heavy losses in this battle.

The quasi-planetary Yin Liujian had died in battle, Bu Qingqiu was seriously injured, An Xiaoxue was seriously injured, and six Transmutation Realm experts, including Gaman, had died in battle. Among them, three Transmutation Realm Ant Commanders had died in battle, and three more people from the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had died in battle.

The quasi-planets of the Spiritual Race were not made of paper.

Although three Transmutation Realm experts could resist a quasi-planet, it was very likely that a quasi-planet would directly kill a weaker Transmutation Realm expert when they unleashed their full strength.

This was how battle casualties appeared.

Xu Tui could not blame Ruan Tianzuo for coming to his aid in five minutes and not entering first. However, the first few quasi-planets that arrived had been under Ruan Tianzuo’s orders to investigate the situation on the battlefield and not participate in the battle. This made Xu Tui very angry.

If the two or three quasi-planetary experts had participated in the battle earlier, Gaman and the others would not have died.

Although Gaman was from the European Sector, Xu Tui had already regarded him as a member of the Worldly Pioneer raiders after so long.

Xu Tui looked at Ruan Tianzuo and took a deep breath. He did not say anything else. Old Ruan’s matter made him feel very uncomfortable, but he could not scold him. After all, Old Ruan had come to help. It was Ruan Tianzuo’s rescue that established the final victory.

However, Ruan Tianzuo’s trick of waiting for an opportunity made Xu Tui very diszusted.

Still, he has to say it. It was really… an old coin! He could not say it, but Xu Tui remembered it.

“Treat the injured! Contact the transit planet and the Manut asteroid. Those with minor injuries, form a patrol team to guard against the enemy’s attack. Ah Huang, contact Yin Wushu of Spirit I immediately and order him to activate the self-destruction program of Spirit I on high alert. Then, bring the people on duty and circle back to Planet Spirit from the bottom left of Spirit I to avoid being killed by the escaping Lei Gen.”

“Roger that!”

“Ah Huang, activate the quantum array radar on Planet Spirit at full power. There’s no need to hide the signal anymore. Search for the energy fluctuations of Lei Gen and the others at full power. I need to know the direction of their escape. ”

Xu Tui gave a series of orders before he began to examine his body.

His face turned pale..