Chapter 1175 - 1175: The Brave Ruan And The Expansion Of The Results (2)

Chapter 1175: The Brave Ruan and the Expansion of the Results (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Even after the God Slaying Sword knocked Lei Hong out, their chances of winning were extremely high. However, it was Xu Tui who attacked consecutively and changed the situation. Therefore, Lei Hong wanted to use the opportunity to retreat to kill Xu Tui.

This lightning ball was personally refined by Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base. It was a treasure that was used to save his life. Under normal circumstances, he would only be given one or two before the operation.

Over the years, Lei Gen had only accumulated four. This time, he had used three in one go.

Firstly, he wanted to retreat. Secondly, Lei Gen wanted to kill Xu Tui before he retreated.

Yes, he could definitely kill Xu Tui. The power of this one- time consumable item made by a Planetary realm powerhouse would decrease, and could only unleash the power of the quasi-planetary realm, but who was the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian?

He was a planetary realm expert with seven, or maybe eight, Satellites. The consumable lightning ball he created could actually be lethal to a planetary realm expert.

Therefore, Lei Gen was very confident that he could kill Xu Tui. As long as he killed Xu Tui, the vicious guy, that would be the greatest result of this battle. Almost the moment the chain of lightning exploded, all the participants were affected.

However, the impact was not great.

After this shocking chain of lightning was split into more than a dozen, its damage and power were decreased exponentially. However, it was still produced by Lei Tian. No one could ignore it.

Other than Li Qingping.

All members on Xu Tui’s side were affected by the huge chain of lightning. Lei Gen successfully bought the participants of the Spiritual Race that moment to retreat. It might take 0.5 seconds, or a second or two.

However, it was enough!

Everyone used this precious time to retreat.

Only Yin Er was more miserable.

Li Qingping was not afraid of the lightning that had split into more than a dozen parts. The Vajra Set took a hit and he directly slashed Yin Er, who was trying to escape, solidly. Yin Er’s body shattered into pieces. A severed limb wanted to escape with the energy core in fear. As it fled, it shouted, “Sir, save me!”

However, just as he shouted, Li Qingping extended a faint golden energy field hand and grabbed Yin Er’s energy core. The sword light slashed in again. At the same time, Xu Tui tore apart the Escape Card the moment the huge lightning lotus light quickly enveloped him.

The Escape Formula given by Old Cai was quite strong.

However, Xu Tui’s expression changed the moment he tore it open.

He was too slow!

The speed of this huge lightning lotus barrier was too fast.

It enveloped Xu Tui the moment he tore open the card. In an instant, Xu Tui’s expression changed drastically. At the same time, the energy field surged out.

In an instant, the lightning that exploded from the huge Lightning Lotus

Barrier drowned Xu Tui. At this moment, Li Qingping, who had just killed Yin Er, had just turned around and seen this scene. His eyes immediately widened. “Xu Tui!”

At the same time, An Xiaoxue, Yanzi, Yan Lie, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and the others also saw Xu Tui being drowned by the lightning.

An Xiaoxue was even more stunned!

At this moment, the quasi-planetary experts that An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, and the others were besieging had already taken the opportunity to retreat. Otherwise, An Xiaoxue would have been severely injured just from this distraction.

Ruan Tianzuo, who was on the quasi-planetary level of the Spiritual Race, was also stunned when he saw this scene.

Was Xu Tui going to die?

This was not something he was willing to see. However, at this moment, everything was over! The situation on the battlefield changed too quickly! In that instant, it was unknown if Xu Tui was dead or alive. Lei Gen began to drag the unconscious Lei Hong and quickly retreated.

The faster the Spiritual Race charged in when they arrived, the faster they retreated.

However, there were much fewer people when they retreated.

Lei Gen’s only relief was that he could kill Xu Tui before he retreated.

This result made him happy even though he was defeated. However, in the next moment, Lei Gen’s eyes widened! The huge Lightning Lotus Barrier exploded, and the lightning disappeared. What was revealed was Xu Tui, who was curled up and howling in pain.

The Vajra Barrier around Xu Tui had already disappeared. Even the combat uniform made of Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy was tattered. There was still smoke on his head.

He was still alive!

Xu Tui was still alive.

Xu Tui was still alive after taking a full-powered attack from a normal Planetary realm powerhouse.

An Xiaoxue cried with joy!

Yanzi also subconsciously revealed a pleasantly surprised expression.

Li Qingping was stunned at first, then he revealed a look of understanding.

Xu Tui could be said to be a genius in cultivating the Vajra Set. In more than half a year, the Vajra Set, the ultimate defensive method of the Vajra Tide Force Field, had formed four consecutive sets. It was not too surprising that he could withstand the full-powered attack of a normal Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui had not advanced to the quasi-planetary realm.

If his cultivation had completely broken through to the quasi-planetary realm and the genetic ability chain had solidified again, his basic defense ability would have increased. Xu Tui would not have been injured by this lightning lotus barrier.

Xu Tui felt pain. He had even used his mental shield in that attack just now. In an instant, his mind power decreased by 30%. However, he still did not have full defense and was hit.

Xu Tui felt that some parts of his body had been roasted.

However, this was not the time to howl in pain.

In the next moment, Xu Tui suddenly straightened his body. His entire body was emitting green smoke. He once again activated the Vajra Barrier. The flvinz sword flashed, and he had alreadv soared into the skv.

“Kill! Expand the results. Chase and kill!” The moment he roared, Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword condensed again. “Uncle Li, Yin Liu!”

There was no need for Xu Tui to hold back when the time came. The Small God Slaying Sword appeared. @@novelbin@@

Energy teleportation!

The moment the Small God Slaying Sword disappeared, it entered the energy core of the escaping Yin Liu.

Yin Liu’s figure instantly swayed and he lost his speed for a moment. In the next second, Li Qingping’s sword light had already enveloped him.

“Ruan Tianzuo, a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race!” Xu Tui roared. At the same time, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind flashed and surged into the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

Xu Tui used 20% of his remaining mind power to condense the Small God Slaying Sword and slashed out.

It disappeared.

Ruan Tianzuo was only stunned for a moment before he reacted. He had extremely rich combat experience. He was a little displeased that Xu Tui had called him by his name. But in order to expand the results, Ruan Tianzuo changed his direction and charged towards the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race.

The Small God Slaying Sword that had disappeared did not slash toward the

Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fission Race. Instead, it slashed at Lei Gen! At the same time, Yan Lie, who had already received Xu Tui’s orders, instantly appeared.

Lei Gen, who also had powerful mind power, became extremely vigilant the moment Xu Tui slashed out with his Small God Slaying Sword. The moment he sensed the aura of the Small God Slaying Sword, Lei Gen did not hesitate to crush the other life-saving Escape Talisman in his palm.

He turned into a bolt of lightning and appeared hundreds of kilometers away in a flash.

Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword missed.

However, the unconscious Lei Hong was thrown to the ground by the fleeing

Lei Gen..