Chapter 1170 - 1170: The Turn Of The Situation (1)

Chapter 1170: The Turn of the Situation (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment the Small God Slaying Sword slashed out, Lei Gen, who was pouncing toward Lei Hong, glanced in Xu Tui’s direction with a hint of disdain.

Or rather, he was confident. A ball of lightning with a hint of Lei Gen’s aura suddenly exploded above Lei Gen’s head, turning into a tiny phantom of Lei

Gen, representing his previous location. He had grasped the timing very well.

Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword coincidentally slashed into Lei Gen’s head. More accurately, it slashed into the phantom formed by the lightning ball that had just exploded above Lei Gen’s head.

Everything was within Lei Gen’s calculations.

Lei Gen was valued by Lei Tian. Lei Tian had even asked Lei Gen to control Lei Hong during the mission. Lei Gen’s level was definitely not to be underestimated.

Lei Gen was even regarded by Lei Tian as his successor before Lei Xiang’s accident. In that case, it was normal for Lei Gen to have such a reaction. Lei Hong had already been insta-killed by Xu Tui. If Lei Gen still could not consider this and foolishly rushed forward to tempting fate, he could only say that Lei Tian was blind.

Xu Tui was stunned the moment the Small God Slaying Sword hit its target. It slain the fake one.

Lei Gen was actually prepared. At the same time, the phantom with his aura that exploded from the lightning ball above Lei Gen’s head shattered. This shocked Lei Gen.

Xu Tui’s sword had shocked him greatly. However, Xu Tui’s strength was undoubtedly at the Transmutation Realm. Therefore, Lei Gen’s basic judgment was that Xu Tui might be using some explosive method. He should not be able to last long.

However, it was only a judgment and speculation. He could not be sure. He had to save Lei Hong because he had no choice but to attack. Secondly, it was also an attempt.

As expected, Xu Tui should not be able to slash out the powerful sword light from before. However, the sword light that had hit his illusory lightning body was definitely not weak.

However, no matter what, this was good news!

After dodging Xu Tui’s sword, the moment Lei Gen pounced toward Lei Hong, he shouted in the Command channel, “Don’t worry, everyone. The sword that Xu Tui used to severely injure Lord Lei Hong was just an explosive move. He can’t unleash the same attack again! Attack with all your might! Those who capture Yanzi and Xu Tui alive will be rewarded with a silver box!”

As soon as Lei Gen said that, the attacks of the Spiritual Race’s attacking team, especially the Planetary realm powerhouses, immediately increased.

Before this, the Planetary powerhouses had been extremely worried about Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword. Instead of saying that they were fighting, it would be more accurate to say that they had diverted at least a third of their attention to defending against Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword.

One strike to kill!

Who wouldn’t be afraid?

At the same time, Lei Gen pounced to the ground. However, the one-eyed ant beast under control, which was crawling and flying, had already drowned over. If Lei Gen was alone, he could get rid of these ant beasts with a blink. However, it would take some effort for Lei Gen to take Lei Hong away. He could not take Lei Hong away in an instant.

In the sky, Xu Tui found the time to kill Lei Gen with the Small God Slaying Sword, but he was powerless.

It was mainly because the Planetary powerhouse of the Fission Race on the other side gave Xu Tui a lot of pressure. Just now, Xu Tui had used the Vajra Barrier to forcefully take a blow from this Planetary powerhouse before he had the chance to slash out the Small God Slaying Sword.

Three of the four layers of the Vajra Set were destroyed.

At this moment, Xu Tui could not spare any energy to kill Lei Gen under the attack of this Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fission Race.

It was a pity. If he killed Lei Gen, the morale of the Spiritual Race’s attack team would collapse, even if they did not collapse on the spot, when the two Spiritual Race members of the attacking team died in battle.

The difficulty would be greatly reduced. @@novelbin@@

However,Lei Gen was too cunning!

Originally, killing Lei Gen would have been a huge turning point in this battle. But now, it was lost. Not only had it been lost, but because of Lei Gen’s encouragement, the battle had become difficult again. The situation could be said to have taken a sharp turn.

However, Xu Tui did not let Lei Gen off easy.

“Ah Huang, cover the area where Lei Hong fell and restrain their power.”

“Understood. The drone formation has set off. The Hunter fighter jet has already begun to lock onto the target and attack from afar! Do you want to authorize me to use small yield three-phase thermal bombs to bombard the target area indiscriminately?” Ah Huang instantly sent all this information into Xu Tui’s mind. It was a mental communication.

Otherwise, the exchange of these three pieces of information would have wasted a lot of time.

Xu Tui understood what Ah Huang meant.

There were a large number of ant beasts in the target area.

However, Xu Tui couldn’t care less at this moment. Before this, in Xu Tui’s communication with the Spirit Queen, even in the concept of the Spirit Queen, these ant beasts were not their species. They were the kind that could be sacrificed at any time. “Authorized!”

A light rose from the first main base.

Xu Tui also fell into a bitter battle.

After half a year of bitter cultivation, Xu Tui’s mind power had increased by nearly three times. Although he had not broken through to the quasi-planetary realm, he definitely had the strength of a quasi-planetary realm.

However, it was also very difficult for Xu Tui to deal with the full-powered attack of a Planetary realm expert.

Xu Tui’s regular methods, such as the Mountain Formula, the

Multi-Dimensional Flying Sword, the Stab Formula, the mental hammer, and the Water Explosion Technique, could indeed injure a Planetary realm powerhouse. However, it was only damage.

If he wanted to kill a Planetary realm powerhouse, he would need a long time to accumulate and find an opportunity.

Xu Tui did not have absolute confidence in the Small God Slaying Sword. He did not want to waste it.

In order to kill Lei Gen just now, Xu Tui had used the red fire slip to increase the 72-point genetic ability chain. He had used 10% of his mind power to slash at Lei Gen with the Small God Slaying Sword..