Chapter 1172 - 1172: The Turn Of The Situation (3)

Chapter 1172: The Turn of the Situation (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In just half a second, the quasi-planet of the Dissimilate Clan recovered. However, the first thing he saw when he recovered his vision was Yan Lie’s short blade.

Yan Lie’s short blade had just spun and was about to cut off his head when it suddenly turned and pierced through his eye. It spun on a large scale. He pulled out his saber and Yan Lie disappeared!

A smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face. It was most comfortable to cooperate with

Yan Lie.

Surprisingly, the Planetary realm powerhouse opposite him had yet to break Cai Shaochu’s word. Although Cai Shaochu’s Fantasy power was only at the quasi-planetary level, this ability was considered strange.

There was still time!

“Wen Shao!”

This was the direction that Xu Tui had pointed out to Yan Lie.

Almost at the same time, the nine-headed fire dragon in front of Wen Shao, who was already enveloped by the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception, suddenly expanded exponentially. The fire dragon that Wen Shao shot out doubled in size at this moment. Its speed and temperature increased by 1.5 times.

This sudden change caught the quasi-planetary expert of the Mechanical Spirit Race, who was suppressing Wen Shao, off guard. The energy shield on his body was even burned through by Wen Shao’s fire dragon.

Wen Shao was pleasantly surprised. He quickly glanced at Xu Tui. Only people from the School of General Senses could have such support. People from the School of General Senses could amplify or shrink the supernatural being abilities of others by sensing the original quantum frequency.

Xu Tui had practiced with Wen Shao before, so he was quite familiar with him.

In an instant, Wen Shao was very touched. Although he no longer had any grudges with Xu Tui, the petty Wen Shao was still a little worried occasionally. He was worried that Xu Tui would treat him differently from Qu Qingshan, An Xiaoxue, and the others.

At this moment, Wen Shao was completely relieved.

Xu Tui had actually come to support him at such a critical moment. He was really… a good student!

The moment Wen Shao turned around, Yan Lie’s saber light instantly slashed out from the void. It cleverly slashed into the energy shield of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s quasi-planet that was broken.

The location where it slashed in happened to be the energy core of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s quasi-planet.

Another quasi-planet had fallen!

Wen Shao was liberated.

“Mr. Wen, work together with Mr. Qu to take down the other quasi-planet as soon as possible. Yan Lie, help Xiaoxue! Grab the opportunity yourself!”

After doing all of this, the Planetary realm powerhouse opposite Xu Tui had already broken through the Illusion character and attacked Xu Tui again.

Xu Tui, who was distracted, could only rely on the Vajra Set to take it head-on. Fortunately, Li Qingping’s Vajra Set had extremely strong defense, especially since Xu Tui had 360 Genetic Base Points developed by the Major Heavenly Cycle genetic ability chain.

Cultivating for a year was equivalent to cultivating for ten years for others. The energy field was powerful enough and had enough energy to squander.

At this moment, Lei Gen, who was on the other side, grabbed Lei Hong’s corpse in an extremely sorry state. He escaped the attack of the drone beast tide and rose into the air. His entire body was in tatters.

If not for the fact that he was fast, he would have been killed by this wave of three-phase thermal bombs today.

However, Xu Tui was ruthless.

This three-phase thermal bomb had taken away tens of thousands of ant beasts and hundreds of drones.

Lei Gen, who had risen into the air, glared in Xu Tui’s direction. Xu Tui was very sinister. Just now, when he was determined to save Lei Hong, he had almost schemed against him. However, Lei Gen felt that Xu Tui’s cultivation was still lacking. Now, it was time for him to counterattack.

As long as he saved Lei Hong, the others would attack without holding back. He would also participate in the battle!

Though he was only a quasi-planet, he was a quasi-planet of the Spiritual

Race.

As long as he participated in the battle, he could also unleash the combat strength of the Planetary realm!

In the sky, Xu Tui glanced in Li Qingping’s direction. @@novelbin@@

Li Qingping was fighting the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin Wu. He had a full advantage! He was completely suppressing his enemy.

However, Li Qingping still needed some time to kill Yin Wu. In fact, if Yin Wu wanted to escape, Li Qingping might not be able to kill him. This was the norm in battles between Planetary realm powerhouses. It was easy to determine the winner, but it was a little difficult to kill the other party.

“Uncle Li, prepare to kill Yin Wu!” Xu Tui’s voice suddenly sounded in Li Qingping’s mind.

While Li Qingping was stunned, Xu Tui tore open another Fantasy Character and instantly enveloped the Planetary realm powerhouse. At the same time, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind suddenly shone brightly with red light. The red light surged into the 72-point great genetic ability chain again.

Xu Tui’s mind power fluctuation increased exponentially at this moment. What increased was not the total amount of his mind power, but the toughness and strength of his mind power. In his mental body, a Small God Slaying Sword that had been injected with 20% of Xu Tui’s mind power instantly slashed out.

The moment the Small God Slaying Sword slashed out, Lei Gen, who had been paying attention to Xu Tui’s movements, was instantly shocked.

Not again! This Sword was too f*cking terrifying!

Almost the moment he sensed the abnormality, Lei Gen instantly turned into lightning and flashed. He was afraid of this Sword!

However, this time, Xu Tui’s sword light was not aimed at him. The moment the sword light slashed out, it instantly disappeared.

Energy Teleportation in the quantum entanglement state!

The moment the Small God Slaying Sword appeared, it instantly disappeared. When it appeared again, it suddenly slashed into Yin Wu’s energy core. The energy around Yin Wu instantly dissipated, and he fell into a daze.

Xu Tui’s mental perception was very clear about this.

He could not help but curse in his heart when he sensed this scene..