Chapter 1173 - 1173: The Turn Of The Situation (4)

Chapter 1173: The Turn of the Situation (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

What a waste!

Xu Tui felt that he would be able to kill Yin Wu with another 10% of his mind power. The Small God Slaying Sword condensed with 10% of his mind power

was enough to affect Yin Wu and help Li Qingping.

What a waste!

The Planetary realm of the Mechanical Spirit Race was actually much weaker.

Look at Lei Hong. Xu Tui had used all the power of the God Slaying Sword, but he had not completely killed him.

Li Qingping’s strength had also come from killing people. He was extremely sensitive to opportunities.

Almost at the same time that Yin Wu was stunned, the sword light pounced out and instantly cut Yin Wu into hundreds of pieces. With another strike, the energy core was shattered by Li Qingping.

Li Qingping, who had completely killed Yin Wu, did not stop at all. He drew a perfect arc and instantly slashed at Yin Er’s back. He teamed up with Xie Qing to attack Yin Er!

Xu Tui, who had once again used the Vajra Barrier to take the attack of the Planetary realm powerhouse head-on, smiled.

The turning point had arrived!

The turning point of the battlefield had finally appeared!

In just one exchange, Li Qingping and Xie Qing, who had joined forces, had severely injured Yin Er. Yin Er was distracted with the death of Yin Wu.

Lei Gen, who had just taken off and arrived at a safe area with Lei Hong who was unconscious, had just taken out a pill and was about to stuff it into his mouth when he suddenly froze. @@novelbin@@

This situation was not right!

Yin Wu died in battle, and Yin Er was seriously injured.

Why did it suddenly become like this? It had only been less than two minutes, but the situation had changed.

“Yin Er, what’s going on?” Lei Gen roared! He wanted to enter the battle, but the battle between the Planetary realm and the quasi-planetary realm seemed to have become very tense.

On the Planetary realm’s side, as long as Yin Er died in battle, they might fall into a complete disadvantage.

On the quasi-planetary side, another person had died in battle.

Previously, Xu Tui was still at a complete disadvantage. Now, he looked like he was counterattacking.

Lei Gen was shocked! “Yin Liu, stay with Yin Er!”

Currently, it was a little easier for Yin Liu. After he was with Yin Er, it would be much easier.

Lei Gen flashed and instantly pounced towards Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others.

He had to turn the tables on the battlefield of the quasi-planetary forces first. With his strength, he could turn the situation around in a minute at most.

Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. He also saw Lei Gen’s actions.

Without hesitation, he tore open another Illusion Character and enveloped the Planetary realm opposite him. At the same time, a Small God Slaying Sword with 5% mind power blasted towards Lei Gen again.

Lei Gen was extremely afraid of Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword. Immediately, he felt the extremely terrifying fluctuation and exploded another lightning ball. A lightning illusory body instantly appeared above his head.

Xu Tui smiled when he saw this scene. At this moment, Xu Tui used the quantum entanglement state’s energy teleportation. The Small God Slaying Sword that was slashing at Lei Gen instantly disappeared.

Lei Gen was stunned! The moment he was stunned, he felt a sharp pain in his head. He had been hit.

Lei Gen was shocked!

However, the imagined scene of being killed did not happen. Lei Gen’s mental body shook violently, and his head shook violently. After 0.1 seconds, Lei Gen recovered.

Lei Gen frowned.

Xu Tui felt that it was a pity. He had used too little mind power to condense the Small God Slaying Sword just now. But he had accidentally hit it. It was a pity that there was no one beside Lei Gen. If there was someone beside Lei Gen and Yan Lie was closer, this attack might have been able to kill him.

The Planetary realm powerhouse opposite Xu Tui had already gained experience after being hit by three Fantasy Cards in a row. In less than 0.3 seconds, he broke through the Fantasy word and attacked Xu Tui again.

Xu Tui took it head-on and took out another card. He was prepared to tear it apart again. He had to stop Lei Gen now. He wanted to buy time for Yan Lie, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, An Xiaoxue, and the others, who had just obtained a slight advantage.

As long as they killed one or two more quasi-planetary experts, their advantage would be completely established.

However, just as Xu Tui was about to tear open the card, five streams of light suddenly rose in the direction of the first main base.

One of the red Planetary realm auras was exceptionally eye-catching.

“Old Li, I’m here!” Ruan Tianzuo’s roar sounded.

Lei Gen, who was about to participate in the battle, instantly turned pale..