Chapter 1177 - 1177: Xu Tui I S Revenge

Chapter 1177: Xu Tui I s Revenge@@novelbin@@

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Fortunately, the designer of the space combat uniform was a man.

Xu Tui felt that the designer of the space combat uniform was a man.

The crotch of the space combat uniform was double-layered and thick. There was also a soft force-resistant net similar to bulletproof material inside. It could prevent energy attacks and blunt objects. Then, the double layer of thickened Mechanical Spirit Alloy in the crotch of Xu Tui’s space combat uniform had already melted, but the force-resistant net was still there.

If it was a single layer, or if it was a little worse…

Xu Tui was covered in cold sweat. Who knew if there would be any problems with transplanting this body part from the clone body in the Blue Star Research Institute Number 14?

Lei Gen was really sinister.

However, on the other hand, Xu Tui would probably focus on directing his strength toward this area. Comparatively, this vital spot might be the weak spot of many people’s defense. Many people paid more attention to the head and heart.

However, if this body part was instantly attacked, it could also be fatal.

The wounds on Xu Tui’s body were mainly concentrated on his chest and abdomen. Especially near his chest and heart, his combat uniform had already melted. Even the Mechanical Spirit Alloy with memory ability could not recover after being completely pierced and melted by the high temperature. Xu Tui smelled roasted meat. The flesh on his chest was already cooked.

It hurt.

However, the benefits of having powerful mind power were displayed at this moment. It could block the pain to a certain extent.

Xu Tui’s injuries looked very scary. In reality, they were not very serious. They were just superficial wounds.

The higher the cultivation, the smaller the vital points. Back then, when Cai Shaochu was still in the quasi-planetary realm, he only had one head left. He had been saved by Shang Long.

“Lavis, Yin Ba, stand guard. Ah Huang, get the Hunter fighter jets to patrol. The rest of you, retreat into the first main base.”

Actually, the best candidates for vigilance should be Ruan Tianzu and the four quasi-planets. Ever since they participated in the battle, they had fought a smooth-sailing battle and were basically unharmed-

However, Old Ruan’s previous cheap shots and tricks made Xu Tui wary of him. Previously, because of Lu Guanqing, Xu Tui had been wary of him.

At this moment, Xu Tui was already considering whether he should let Old Ruan enter the first main base.

This fellow had indeed come to help today, but he was definitely not a good person!

Three minutes later, all the participants, regardless of whether they were seriously injured, retreated into the first main base in an orderly manner. If they retreated to the first main base, with Ah Huang on full alert, the possibility of being ambushed was still very low.

One has to be extremely careful on the battlefield.

Although Lei Gen and the others had retreated, what if there was another assassin-type cultivator like Yan Lie lurking around?

Soon, the problem came.

“Xu Tui, Ruan Tianzuo and his four quasi-planets are going to enter the first main base. How should we deal with them?”

Xu Tui frowned. This was within his expectations. In fact, Ruan Tianzuo had rushed out of the main base previously. He was also a reinforcement. It would not make sense not to let him in.

There were no major secrets in the first main base. It was fine for others to see the Spiritual Cultivation Center or the newly built production lines. If it was seen by an ambitious person like Ruan Tianzuo, there might be additional complications.

“Leave it to me. I’ll let him see what he can see. He can’t see what he can’t.” Li Qingping’s voice suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s ears. Li Qingping used his energy field to send the voice into Xu Tui’s ears.

“Thank you, Uncle Li.”

Xu Tui glanced at Bu Qingqiu. Bu Qingqiu was also seriously injured. The battle had ended and she had already crawled to the ground. Qu Qingshan was taking care of her.

Xu Tui glanced at them and chuckled. He said casually, “Everyone, get into position. I’ll treat you one by one and let you enjoy it.”

Xu Tui said as he treated himself. He instantiated and magnified the quantum frequency of his original life. Even though he had controlled his strength well, Xu Tui could not help but tremble. This feeling was too refreshing.

Around them, the others did not mind when they heard Xu Tui’s so-called treatment. Some of the pioneer raiders were looking forward to it.

Only Yanzi’s heart tightened when she heard Xu Tui say ‘treat’. Her long legs instantly tightened, and she could not help but clamp them together. The embarrassing scene from more than a year ago appeared in Yanzi’s mind again.

Strangely, before this, every time Yanzi thought of this scene, she wanted to tear Xu Tui’s dog head apart. However, today, Yanzi no longer had such hatred. All she felt was a strong sense of shame.

After drinking two bottles of Energy Potions, Xu Tui tore off the cooked flesh on his chest in shock. As blood flowed, the visible granulation began to rapidly proliferate.

The first person Xu Tui treated was naturally An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue was injured internally. Especially after taking Lei Hong’s attack head-on, she was severely injured. Xu Tui did not dare to treat An Xiaoxue too quickly. If he really treated An Xiaoxue too quickly and made her make some sounds, wouldn’t it benefit many muscular and thirsty men present?

Xu Tui was like an assembly line. He began to take turns treating all the injured people. The degree of treatment was relatively slight every time, but the frequency of treatment was faster, and the effect was the same.

However, when he was treating Wen Shao, Xu Tui felt that he had to teach the horned Mr. Wen a lesson. “Mr. Wen, your injuries are a little serious.”

Previously, Wen Shao had withstood a quasi-planet with the strength of a Transmutation Realm. He had been severely injured. He had been attacked at close range. His left arm was fractured, and there was a laceration on his lower abdomen.

“Yes, it’s a fracture. I feel that I’ve injured my liver. My liver is screaming and bleeding too much! Treat me quickly!” Wen Shao’s face turned pale.

As a Supernatural Branch cultivator with powerful mind power, he could also use introspection, so he knew the situation in his body like the back of his hand. If he had not used his mind power to control the injuries on his liver, his stomach would have been filled with blood.

“Alright! Drink two bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs first.”

Wen Shao quickly drank it. Almost at the same time, Xu Tui, who had already instantiated Wen Shao’s original quantum frequency, began to magnify and strengthen Wen Shao’s original quantum frequency.

In the beginning, Wen Shao felt numb and itchy. Under his mind power introspection, the wound on his liver began to squirm.

Wen Shao was overjoyed. Although he felt very itchy, he was still very surprised. However, in the next moment, Wen Shao felt that something was wrong. The numb and itchy feeling spread throughout his body.

His entire body!

In an instant, Wen Shao thought of a bad legend about the treatment methods of the School of General Senses. He quickly shouted, “Wait… Ah…” However, before he could say the word ‘slow down’, he was stimulated by the indescribable super-strong itchiness all over his body. He screamed!

Wen Shao was stunned. He felt like he was going crazy. He could no longer control his sphincter.

He wanted to stop! However, any sound that came out of his mouth at this moment would become a scream. He could not control himself!

As for Xu Tui, he simply treated Wen Shao’s broken arm. In the next moment, Wen Shao’s legs suddenly straightened. An indescribably ear-piercing and evil scream came from Wen Shao’s mouth, tearing apart the sky of the entire main base.

All the survivors looked at Wen Shao. Even Ruan Tianzuo, who was beginning to tour the first main base, looked at Wen Shao in shock.

This scream was too awesome and exciting!

Wen Shao’s entire body trembled. He flapped both legs and hands, causing his screams to become more frequent.

This stunned the other survivors who had been watching the show. What kind of treatment method was the regiment commander using?

Yanzi, who was not far away, subconsciously clenched her legs tightly. She had experienced this feeling last time. This was too, too, too…

It had to be said that our Xu Tui was a good child. In the end, he slowed down a little. He slowed down slightly before Wen Shao’s sphincter collapsed. It was mainly because Xu Tui could not determine if Mr. Wen Shao would choose to commit suicide after his social death.

If that was the case, he would have gone overboard. After all, they were in public!

A minute later, Wen Shao’s limbs were still twitching unconsciously. His forehead was covered in sweat. His legs were twisted together, and he did not dare to let go.

“Mr. Wen, is this treatment speed fast enough?” Xu Tui did not forget to pat Wen Shao’s shoulder after the treatment.

“Too… too… too fast!” Wen Shao panted. At this moment, he only had one thought in his mind. Fortunately, he did not break down and pee his pants on the spot.

Fortunately!

Otherwise, he would really die socially under the gazes of so many people. The worst thing was that he had been treated to this state by a man. If word really spread, how could he face anyone? He wore a hat now. Wouldn’t he have to wear a hood in the future?

“Oh, Mr. Wen, I feel that your injuries are still a little short of a full recovery.

Do you want to do it again?”

As soon as he said that, Wen Shao immediately trembled as if he had been electrocuted. “No, no, no. I’ll take my time. It’ll be fine naturally. There’s no

need.”

Wen Shao was so frightened that he was incoherent. At the side, Qu Qingshan was amused. That was how the School of General Senses was. There were too many ways to hurt people.

“Oh, alright then. I’ll let Mr. Wen take his time.” Xu Tui’s words made Wen Shao heave a sigh of relief. However, before Xu Tui left, he sent a mental message to Wen Shao. “Mr. Wen, our race is the same!”

Wen Shao was stunned! In the next moment, he instantly gritted his teeth. Revenge!

Xu Tui was definitely taking revenge because of what he had said the other day about him being of the same race as Yanzi.

It was too hateful!

He had almost…

Wen Shao, who had reacted, was on the brink of tears!

After treating Wen Shao, Xu Tui continued to treat the others. Yanzi’s expression became complicated. The various matters after the battle were carried out in an orderly manner. All kinds of information began to be summarized.

A day later, Cai Shaochu rushed over!