Chapter 1179 - 1179: High-Temperature Fire Wall And Surrender

Chapter 1179: High-Temperature Fire Wall and Surrender

(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Planet Kono, forward operating base.@@novelbin@@

Commander-in -chief Lei Tian was studying a huge star map that was projected. The star map was densely packed with all kinds of complicated markings.

The Spiritual Race’s exploration and understanding of the solar system was much better than that of the Blue Star. Even so, the degree of exploration of the Spiritual Race was still only the tip of the iceberg of the vast universe.

Lei Qian was hugging her big stomach and leaning against it with some difficulty.

“Qianqian, the intelligence shows that they have already arrived outside the high-temperature wall of the solar system and are waiting for an opportunity.”

Lei Tian suddenly spoke, but the content made the originally quiet Lei Qian instantly nervous. “They’re already outside the high-temperature wall of the solar system so quickly? Sir, do you know how many of them are here? How long will it take them to pass through the solar system’s high-temperature wall?”

The so-called high -temperature wall of the solar system was a plasma high-temperature fire wall that physically existed at the edge of the entire solar system.

The temperature was as high as 50,000 degrees!

This was an extremely terrifying high temperature. Under normal circumstances, not to mention mechanical creations, even a Planetary realm powerhouse would not be able to pass through this terrifying high-temperature fire wall.

This high-temperature fire wall of the solar system was not a thin film that could be pierce throuzh. Instead, it was hundreds of kilometers thick.

Planetary realm powerhouses could withstand a moment of high temperature, but they could not withstand it for a long time. The outcome of forcefully passing through was to turn into ashes.

The high-temperature fire wall of the solar system was like an eggshell, protecting the entire solar system.

The various storms of various sizes that happened in the Milky Way and even more distant galaxies could be transmitted far and wide in the universe. Furthermore, they might be magnified in the middle and then mutate into all kinds of ray storms.

It could be said that the other galaxies and survival environments outside the solar system were several times worse than those in the solar system.

The difference was that there was an additional high-temperature fire wall in the solar system.

This high-temperature fire wall could block a large number of rays and storms and dissipate them. It could also greatly weaken the extremely destructive rays and storms when they passed through.

For example, the power of certain rays outside the solar system was a tsunami. After passing through the high-temperature fire wall of the solar system, the power was reduced to waves.

However, the most important function of the solar system’s

High -Temperature Fire Wall was to prevent outsiders from entering.

The Spiritual Race had wanted to enter the solar system a hundred years ago, but they had been trapped by the high-temperature fire wall for 60 years.

The Spiritual Race had studied the solar system’s High-Temperature Fire Wall for 60 years and studied a certain pattern before they found a loophole.

Up until now, the Spiritual Race had yet to understand what the existence of the High-Temperature Fire Wall was like. In theory, the high-temperature fire wall that covered the entire solar system in the shape of an egg would not last long.

However, in reality, it existed.

The research results of the Spiritual Race over the years only realized that the high-temperature fire wall of the solar system was not constant. Instead, it was constantly changing. The strength of the wall would also fluctuate due to some external factors.

There were some fluctuations that were on a large scale.

The Spiritual Race had passed through the fire wall of the Solar System based on this pattern.

However, the Spiritual Race made another discovery. The thickness of the solar system’s high-temperature fire wall had been decreasing ever since they arrived more than 160 years ago.

The thickness decreased by about 100 meters every year.

At this moment, the longest record of the thickness of the solar system’s high-temperature fire wall had become thinner by more than ten kilometers.

Originally, in order to pass through the solar system’s High-Temperature Fire Wall, the Spiritual Race had specially put in a lot of effort to set up a quantum teleportation channel.

However, this quantum teleportation channel was also affected by the high-temperature fire wall of the solar system. It could not be used at all times. Furthermore, it required the cooperation of the people in the solar system.

Ever since Lang Fanyun escaped, this quantum teleportation channel that could transmigrate through the solar system’s High-Temperature Fire Wall had been stopped by Lei Tian on the grounds that it was malfunctioning.

This was also one of the reasons why Lei Tian dared to act boldly.

At this moment, Lei Tian was referring to the reinforcements from the Sanctuary.

No matter what, Lei Tian did not dare to betray the Spiritual Race and the Sanctuary on the surface.

Only Lei Tian knew how powerful the Spiritual Race and the elders of the Sanctuarv were.

Therefore, on the surface, at least in the routine communication, Lei Tian was very subservient to the Sanctuary. While he had used other reasons to fool them about the casualties from the previous battle, Lei Tian had requested reinforcements from the Sanctuary according to the rules.

Originally, Lei Tian wanted to take advantage of the situation.

If the Sanctuary sent three to five more Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race, he would swallow them all. The Spiritual Race had a clear hierarchy. Although they had many special rights, a commander was still a commander.

However, he did not expect that the Sanctuary of the Spiritual Race was much more vigilant than Lei Tian had imagined. The reinforcements had arrived, but the leader of the reinforcements was an elder from the Sanctuary.

This Sanctuary elder’s strength was not much stronger than Lei Tian, but the meaning of the Sanctuary Elder leading the team was different.

Lei Tian even sensed that the Sanctuary wanted to investigate him.

Therefore, Lei Tian paid a lot of attention to the reinforcement team from the Sanctuary. He even used the excuse that the high-temperature fire wall teleportation channel was temporarily paralyzed because of the solar storm.

Lei Tian wanted to delay the arrival of this reinforcement team. At the same time, he needed another opportunity to break through again. As long as he could break through again, the situation would be different.

Within the Spiritual Race, having bigger fists was also one of the principles..