Chapter 1174 - 1174: The Brave Ruan And The Expansion Of The Results (1)

Chapter 1174: The Brave Ruan and the Expansion of the Results (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Old Li, I’m here!”

Ruan Tianzuo’s roar and aura spread throughout the entire battlefield before he arrived.

The expressions of all the participants from the Spiritual Race changed drastically. They subconsciously looked at Lei Gen. It was already so difficult to fight now. Whether it was a battle between Planetary realms or quasi-planetary realms, they were at a disadvantage. Then, Xu Tui suddenly had reinforcements of a Planetary realm and four quasi-planetary forces.

The confidence of the participants from the Spiritual Race was instantly shaken. There seemed to be no way to fight this battle. Actually, no one in the Spiritual Race would have thought so two minutes ago.

Two minutes ago, although Lei Hong had been severely injured and fainted, the Spiritual Race still had a huge advantage. However, in two minutes, Xu Tui’s continuous attacks had changed the situation.

The arrival of Ruan Tianzuo’s reinforcements was like the last straw. When the subordinates looked over, Lei Gen’s face turned pale. Lei Gen understood that this was the critical moment for him, the commander, to make a decision.

Continue to fight to the death? Or retreat? Or they could rearrange their tactics and win this battle.

If he had a choice, Lei Gen would be more willing to choose the third option. He would rearrange his tactics and think of a way to obtain victory in this battle. This was what Lei Gen had thought a few seconds ago before Ruan Tianzuo appeared. He even had a chance of success.

However, everything seemed to be a dream. In an instant, Lei Gen felt as if he had fallen into a desperate situation. The sudden entry of the reinforcements made Lei Gen realize that he could not win just by adjusting his tactics. From the beginning, they should have obtained a crushing victory.

That’s right, it was crushing.

That was how it started!

Lei Hong had almost swept through Xu Tui’s forces alone. Such a happy scene had changed ever since Xu Tui had knocked Lei Hong out with his sword.

It made Lei Gen confused. As a result, he could not make a choice in an extremely short period of time.

Ruan Tianzuo was extremely fast. The angle and direction of his entry in the battle were also extremely tricky.

Flames soared into the sky from the ground. Ruan Tianzuo streaked past like an fire meteor, directly blasting a quasi-planetary expert on Lei Gen’s side until he vomited blood and flew backward. He was severely injured on the spot.

Ruan Tianzuo’s figure only paused slightly after severely injuring the quasi-planetary expert in one move. However, he did not stop. He only handed the severely injured quasi-planetary expert over to the three Transmutation Realm experts who had withstood him previously.

The flames that Ruan Tianzuo had transformed into accelerated again. Ten seconds later, another quasi-planet of the Spiritual Race was severely injured. The first quasi-planetary expert who had been severely injured by Ruan Tianzuo had died.

The four quasi-planetary experts from the Huaxia Sector who were following closely behind were like sickles for harvesting. The four of them charged past and killed the first quasi-planetary expert who had been severely injured by

Ruan Tianzuo.

Ruan Tianzuo’s combat experience was undoubtedly extremely rich. His tactics were also extremely vicious.

He did not take over any of the Planetary realm powerhouses, even though Bu Qingqiu, who had been injured by Lei Hong previously, had an extremely difficult time fighting a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fission Race.

It was in imminent danger! She was almost risking her life.

Ruan Tianzuo saw it, but he did not rush over. Instead, he swept through the quasi-planetary experts in front of him with a destructive force.

When Ruan Tianzuo severely injured the third quasi-planetary expert and the four quasi-planetary experts who rushed over later surrounded and the second quasi-planetary expert, it had only been 40 seconds since Ruan Tianzuo entered the battlefield. @@novelbin@@

This momentum could be said to be brave!

Forty seconds was sometimes extremely long, but sometimes it was extremely short.

At this moment, it was very short for Lei Gen. Before Lei Gen could make a decision, the situation on the battlefield suddenly became very bad because of Ruan Tianzuo’s rapid entry. Originally, Lei Gen had wanted to use some powerful expendable life-saving methods to change the situation. However, as Ruan Tianzuo’s performance began for 40 seconds, Lei Gen realized that he had no chance.

Ruan Tianzuo was too shameless!

If a Planetary realm powerhouse ambushed a quasi-planetary, at this speed, all the quasi-planetary experts on his side would be killed in less than two minutes. If all the quasi-planetary powerhouses were dead, the Planetary realm powerhouses would not be able to survive for long.

The best tactic to break the situation now was to send a Planetary realm powerhouse or two or three quasi-planetary experts to stall Ruan Tianzuo.

However, Lei Gen had no one else to send.

In the past few minutes, Lei Hong had fainted, Yin Wu had died in battle, Yin Er had been seriously injured, and two quasi -planetary experts had been killed. They had instantly lost their advantage in numbers.

Lei Gen knew that it was time for him to make a decision. It was time to display the true qualities of a commander. Not only did a commander have to be able to win a battle, but they also had to be able to preserve their strength at the critical moment when they defeated the battle.

“Retreat! Everyone, retreat!” As Lei Gen roared, he threw out three huge lightning balls. Lightning instantly exploded in the sky.

The three huge lightning balls turned into three huge chains of lightning that almost illuminated the entire sky.

Under Lei Gen’s control, two of the giant chain lightning split into more than ten portions and blasted towards the people fighting the Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm on tne spiritual Race’s side.

The other giant chain of lightning was like a huge lotus flower barrier that enveloped Xu Tui at lightning speed.

He wanted to kill Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was a vicious person. He had finally understood today’s battle. If not for Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword, the success of this battle would have been guaranteed..