Chapter 1181 - 1181: High-Temperature Fire Wall And Surrender (3)

Chapter 1181: High-Temperature Fire Wall and Surrender (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lei Tian’s angry roar was a little hysterical, causing Lei Qian’s face to turn even paler. She knew very well what Lei Hong’s loss meant to the forward operating base and Lei Tian. As a commander, control was a fundamental ability.

Lei Tian only lost his composure for a few minutes before he regained his composure. He started asking about the details of the battle again. “Small sword, how could a small sword knock Lei Hong out with one strike? That’s completely impossible. Not even a Planetary realm powerhouse could do it, not even Cai Shaochu.

“If Shang Long had come personally, he might have had a chance of killing Lei

Hong with one strike. However, Lei Hong had fainted with one strike from Xu Tui? A sword technique that specializes in damaging the mental body?” At the thought of this, Lei Tian was instantly shocked. “Describe it to me in detail. Is there a battle video?”

A minute later, Lei Tian frowned. “A small multicolored sword, or a dark multicolored sword? After that, there was the same sword light. Its power was greatly reduced, but there were no more dark colors. After being hit, his mental body swayed violently.”

Lei Tian’s expression instantly changed. “Could it be…”

Before Lei Tian could let out a cry of surprise, Lei Qian, who was at the side, suddenly let out a miserable cry. “Sir… Sir, my stomach hurts. Sir…”

“She’s about to give birth.” A thought flashed through Lei Tian’s mind. He instantly carried Lei Qian and flashed towards the medical room.

Although medical technology was very advanced now, production could not be delayed. However, Lei Tian still shouted at the communication disk when he pounced out with Lei Qian in his arms.

“Lead the team back first and pay attention to your tail. Give a gag order to the battle. No one is allowed to mention it to outsiders. Also, after you return, give me all the battle videos from all angles, especially Xu Tui’s sword light,” Lei Tian roared.

“Understood, Sir.”

Then, Lei Tian activated his mind power and turned off the communication disk. He carried Lei Qian, who was screaming in pain, and ran towards the medical room.

On Planet Spirit, the meeting regarding the subsequent strategic directions continued.

However, the venue had already been changed from the meeting room to the place where the captive, Yin Liu, was being held.

One of the very important reasons why Cai Shaochu wanted to take this meeting seriously regarding the continuation of the attack strategy of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was that the attack on Planet Spirit had shaken the determination of the Blue Star’s alliances.

The Blue Star guessed that the attack on Xu Tui’s Planet Spirit might be an advance response from the Spiritual Race to their attack strategy.

Did the Spiritual Race discover the strategy of raiding the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base?

After all, everyone knew that the Blue Star humans had a traitor, Black Hole. It was also because of this that the Blue Star’s alliances were very nervous.

Under such circumstances, if they continued the strategy of launching a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, would they fall into the Spiritual Race’s ambush?

An attack turned into sending heads?

No one in the Blue Star could withstand that kind of damage. Therefore, their confidence in the strategy of launching a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was greatly shaken by this battle.

On the day of the attack on Planet Spirit, the joint high-level meeting between the Manut Asteroid, Mars, and the Moon had been held for a day. They were discussing whether to continue the strategy of launching a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race.

The current decision was more cautious and conservative. They felt that they had to postpone, reduce the scale, or change the course of action.

Old Cai had also come with a mission. Without convincing evidence, everyone, including Old Cai, would have a cautious and conservative attitude toward Xu Tui’s strategy of raiding the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

The opportunity could wait.

However, they could not afford a strategy where a Planetary realm powerhouse might be ambushed and suffer heavy losses.

Xu Tui naturally knew the seriousness of this. If the alliances of the Blue Star retreated, the plan to launch a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base would be doomed.

In that case, Xu Tui would be in trouble. The exposed Planet Spirit would become a target for the Spiritual Race to take revenge at any time.

Xu Tui might have to give up on the Planet Spirit. However, Xu Tui was also very rational. He could not send the experts of the Blue Star’s alliances into the Spiritual Race’s ambush circle for his own selfish desires.

With doubts, Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, Ruan Tianzuo, and Li Qingping arrived at the place where Yin Liu was being held. Yin Ba and Yin Liulong were also accompanying them.

Yin Liulong was once Yin Liu’s direct subordinate, while Yin Ba was Yin Liu’s colleague.

“Sixth Brother.” Yin Ba stood in front of Yin Liu and spoke softly.

Yin Liu, who had hundreds of wires connected to his body, slowly opened his eyes. Controlling a Planetary realm powerhouse who was captured had always been a relatively difficult problem.

The mind power shield hat of the Supernatural Branch could be very useful. But using regular methods were useless against the Mechanical Spirit Race. They could only use this energy suction method to control.

Yin Liu was known as a think tank in the Mechanical Spirit Race. At this moment, his control was a little loose. When he saw Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and the others, he looked at Yin Ba and suddenly smiled. “Old Eight, you’re here to persuade me to surrender?”

“Sixth Brother!” Yin Ba sighed softly. “Sixth Brother, you are the smartest and most creative among us. You already understand the situation. The Mechanical Spirit Race over there was completely finished. You know what I mean.”

“The Mechanical Spirit Race over there?” Yin Liu’s gaze shifted. Yin Ba’s words had completely exceeded his expectations.

Yin Liu had thought about many things on the day he was captured, but he did not think in that direction at all.

“Sixth Brother, you should be able to think of it! Second Brother and Fifth Brother died in battle, and you were captured. The Mechanical Spirit Race under the Spiritual Race is already finished. There’s no hope left.

“Even if I let you leave and return to the Spiritual Race, you won’t be able to escape death. There’s still a chance here.” Yin Ba was very direct. Even Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui, Ruan Tianzuo, and Li Qingping frowned when they heard that. Their eyes were filled with abnormal movements.

What he meant was too obvious. Even the Mechanical Spirit Race on the

Spiritual Race’s side had no hope. Their main forces had all been destroyed.

On the other hand, they had hope on Xu Tui’s side. If Yin Liu also came, then Xu Tui’s Mechanical Spirit Race would have two Planetary realm experts and two quasi-planetary experts.

However, the key was the Planetary realm.

Without the Planetary realm, races would not be able to survive in the solar system for long.

Yin Bats method of persuading them to surrender was really direct.

Yin Liu was stunned for a few seconds. He had already understood what Yin Ba meant, but he was still a little puzzled. “Can they allow the Mechanical Spirit Race to continue existing?”

Yin Liu’s question was directed at Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, Ruan Tianzuo, and Li

Qingping because he did not know who was in charge. Ruan Tianzuo and Li Qingping did not say anything. This captive was currently part of Xu Tui’s Worldly Pioneer Raiders.

Cai Shaochu, who was originally qualitied to speak, turned his gaze toward Xu Tui. He wanted Xu Tui to make the decision.

This scene stunned Ruan Tianzuo. How could Old Cai be like this? Was this giving up a vassal species?

“Of course. As long as you can offer your loyalty, I will give you enough trust and resources, as well as freedom.” Xu Tui nodded.

At the side, Old Cai also nodded gently.

“Sixth Brother, at least from the looks of it, Commander Xu Tui treats us better than the Spiritual Race,” Yin Ba added.

A few minutes later, Yin Liu slowly made up his mind. “Alright, I surrender!”

“Welcome!” At the side, Cai Shaochu asked directly, “Since you’ve surrendered, tell us the whole story of why the Spiritual Race attacked Planet Spirit this time..”@@novelbin@@