Chapter 1189 - 1189: Fang (1)

Chapter 1189: Fang (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“F*ck, a three-phase thermal bomb? That crazy?” Ruan Tianzuo, who had just opened his eyes, had a shocked expression. “Are they scaring us now?”

Ruan Tianzuo instinctively did not believe it. It was just a little test. How could Xu Tui be so ruthless? Five three-phase thermal bombs. Did they want to kill them?

That was impossible!

However, Itavi’s expression instantly changed. “It’s real. Run quickly. The other quasi-planets are already escaping!” As he roared, Itavi turned into a flash of fire and rushed out.

Ruan Tianzuo used his mind power and a huge pair of Fire Wings appeared behind him. In a flash, he appeared a thousand meters away.

However, it was also at this moment that the five three-phase thermal bombs exploded on the temporary transit camp like mercury. The temporary transit camp instantly turned into a sea of fire.

The flames of Ruan Tianzuo and Itavi’s retreat did not stop at all. If it was a three-phase thermal bomb, they were already in the safe zone after retreating a thousand meters. However, five was different.

The flames that the two of them had transformed into flashed wildly.

A sword light suddenly slashed towards Ruan Tianzuo from the sky.

This was the Small God Slaying Sword that Xu Tui had gathered 40% of his mind power. Without any warning, it slashed into Ruan Tianzuo’s head the moment he sensed it. It was mainly because it was a little sudden and chaotic. The energy fluctuations of the three-phase thermal bomb also concealed Xu Tui’s sword to a certain extent.

Xu Tui was extremely angry at Ruan Tianzuo. Therefore, he rewarded Ruan

Tianzuo with the Small God Slaying Sword. There’s nothing to say about Itavi. He was an enemy to begin with. The enemy did this. It was just a battle. The white knife would enter, and the red knife would appear.

However, Ruan Tianzuo, one of his own, had actually helped Itavi stab Xu Tui in the back. How could Xu Tui not be angry?

The sword slashed into Ruan Tianzuo’s mental body. Even though Ruan Tianzuo’s mental body was extremely powerful and his mind power was extremely powerful, Ruan Tianzuo felt as though a large iron pincer had been inserted into his head. He trembled in pain.

There was an extremely short moment of chaos.

This moment was very, very short. It might not even be 10 milliseconds, but it was enough for the speed at which the three-phase thermal bomb exploded. In an instant, Ruan Tianzuo was swept up by the mixed force field waves of the five three-phase thermal bombs.

In the next moment, Ruan Tianzuo, who had recovered his senses, roared in his heart.

He had to save his life!

The kind that used all his strength to save his life.

A huge Golden Crow phantom suddenly rose from Ruan Tianzuo’s head. Golden light mixed with the flames and turned into a mysterious vortex that blocked the attacks of the five three-phase thermal bombs.

On the other side, Xu Tui did not let Itavi off either.

Although this matter had only happened five seconds ago, Xu Tui had already given the Worldly Pioneer Raiders a warning order. In the first main base, all the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders would be able to enter battle in three seconds at most.

Some of them could be in position in two seconds.

For example, people that did not require clothes like Yin Ba, Yin Liu, Yin Liulong, Yin Wushu, Yin Sanping, and Lavis. The moment Yanzi screamed, these people had already risen into the air and appeared in the combat position.

After Xu Tui gave the order, Yin Ba, Yin Liu, and Lavis had already launched a long-range attack on Itavi at the same time.

Yin Liu was in the Planetary realm. Yin Ba was recovering his strength to the Planetary realm. Lavis was also a top quasi-planetary.

Even Itavi could not deal with the combined attack of the three of them. He was sniped in place and his body stopped for a moment before he was annihilated

by the mixed force field of the five three-phase thermal bombs.

In the distance, the four quasi-planets who had received Xu Tui’s warning and evacuated from the temporary transit camp a second in advance had pale and confused expressions. They did not understand what was going on at all! Why did they suddenly start to attack their own people?

And it was the kind that used three-phase thermal bombs to wash the ground.

Xu Tui rode his sword in the air with a dark expression.

The energy fluctuations from the explosion of the three-phase thermal bomb were extremely great. All the sensory methods could not sense the situation in the explosive force field. They could only see it with the naked eye.

He could only see that the energy fluctuations at the location of Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo were extremely strong.

Based on Xu Tui’s experience, there was a high chance that he would not be able to kill these two people. If he wanted to kill a Planetary realm powerhouse, he had to place them at the center of the explosion of the three-phase thermal bomb.

Of course, from the bottom of his heart, Xu Tui would not feel any psychological burden if he managed to defeat Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo in this wave.

However, it was very difficult to explain, especially Ruan Tianzuo.

Although Xu Tui hated the guy who had helped the enemy stab him in the back, it would be difficult to explain to the Huaxia Sector if he killed him.

However, he should be able to injure them.

Just being injured was not enough!@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui felt that this warning was not enough.

It was also at this moment that almost all the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had already taken to the air and entered the battle sequence. In the distance, more than 20 hunter fighter jets also began to fly in the battle sequence and entered strategic speed.

The three-phase thermal bomb launcher that had just been fired had already begun to be reloaded.

After changing her clothes, Yanzi, whose hair was still wet, also soared into the sky. She looked at Xu Tui from afar, her eyes filled with shock.

Xu Tui had actually used a three-phase thermal bomb to wash the floor? For her? Was it because of her scream?

At this moment, Yanzi’s emotions were extremely complicated..