Chapter 1184 - 1184: Another Door

Chapter 1184: Another Door

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Actually, Xu Tui had received a very orthodox scientific education when he was on the Blue Star.

Even after entering the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and starting to cultivate mind power, energy fields, and various supernatural beings’ abilities, the system of learning and accepting various abilities was still a scientific system.

No matter what kind of supernatural ability it was, in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, including the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College, and much related research, they were using scientific methods to study supernatural beings and unnatural phenomena.

Xu Tui had actually thought about this when he first arrived at the extra-terrestrial and started the exploration of the asteroid belt. It felt inexplicably disharmonious to use scientific thinking to study and deduce supernatural beings.

The key was that it was always lacking something.

He could see the surface clearly, but the deeper levels were a mess.

For example, the ability of the School of General Senses, in scientific terms, was that everything in the world had its original quantum frequency. After using mind power to materialize it, it could be magnified, narrowed, or materialized.

However, what was the specific principle of instantiation? Could he draw inferences? Could he extend it all?

The answer was no!

For example, Xu Tui’s Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula in the instantiation of the earth-element. He had already cultivated these two abilities to a very high level. In terms of abilities, they were already comparable to a quasi-planetary earth-element supernatural being.

However, in reality, an earth-element supernatural being could control earth-element supernatural abilities at will. Even supernatural abilities without the support of the genetic ability chain could be changed.

However, Xu Tui could not.

Xu Tui thought about this question for a long time. He had discussed it with An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu, but he did not have an accurate answer. The most common answer was that Xu Tui had not cultivated for long. He had increased his cultivation speed too quickly and did not accumulate enough.

For a period of time, this answer convinced Xu Tui. He had cultivated too quickly and did not accumulate enough.

However, after the Small God Slaying Sword was successfully imitated, Old Cai suddenly pointed out a clear route for Xu Tui.

Dao, Dharma, Technique, Weapon!

It was not that these words gave Xu Tui an epiphany. It was just that Xu Tui had already had relevant thoughts before this.

In the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the thousands of books that Mr. Bian Yuan had asked Xu Tui to read about Huaxia’s traditional culture were not for nothing.

However, because of the system of technological education that he had received since he was young, this thought was just a hazy thought. Although he had this thought, it was very chaotic and blurry.

Old Cai’s words, coupled with his clear and concise explanation, systematized Xu Tui’s blurry and chaotic thoughts. If he used these words to study supernatural beings, it would become extremely clear and fast.

For example, the genetic ability chain was a weapon.

The method and technique of activating it was a technique. This was a level of cooperation.

However, it would be wrong to think that techniques and weapons were low-level.

Techniques and weapons should be the foundation. From this foundation, one could comprehend or find the direction or trajectory of the Dharma.

Dharma was the foundation. It was the method, the jurisprudence, and the veins.

It was the entry brick of the Dao!

The Dao was the rule, the truth, nature, and even the law.

The words Dao, Dharma, Technique, and Weapon were layered together. Technique and Weapon had to be within the range of Dao and Dharma. It was also the foundation of Dao and Dharma.

Technique and Weapon that were consistent with the Dao and Dharma became stronger.

Xu Tui used to think that the word ‘Dao’ was easy. Now, he suddenly felt that it was very high and far away. The imitation of the God Slaying Sword and the Small God Slaying Sword allowed Xu Tui to completely understand these words. It also opened a window for Xu Tui.

Through Technique and Weapon, he imitated Dao and Dharma.

He could not create, but he can imitate, right?

This was especially so in the battle the day before yesterday. Xu Tui continuously used the God Slaying Sword, the Small God Slaying Sword, the Fantasy Formula, the Mountain Formula, the Stab Formula, the

Multi-Dimensional Sword, and so on. That was a battle that Xu Tui fought with all his might.

Ever since the battle ended, he had been thinking about it. During this time, he had even asked Cai Shaochu many questions.

At this moment, it could be considered Xu Tui’s integration.

“Why does the Mountain Formula have to fall from the sky and smash people?

It can be done from the ground. When it’s instantiated, I only need to…”

Xu Tui muttered to himself as he opened his eyes slightly. He raised his index finger slightly. An earth wall that was more than 30 meters long and 10 meters tall suddenly stood on the hill that was about 3 kilometers away from the first main base.

The ability of the Earth-element supernatural being, Earth Wall Technique.

“The Stab Formula can actually explode! The mental activation characteristic of the word ‘Explode’ can also be used in the Stab Formula…”

On the mountain city, 13 thick earth spikes suddenly appeared. The moment they blasted out at high speed, they suddenly exploded into countless small pieces.

Xu Tui saw this scene with his mental perception and suddenly froze.

“No, I can do that…

On the distant hill, the earth spikes blasted out again and exploded. However, the moment they exploded, every earth spike exploded into hundreds of tiny spikes.

“Actually, the Mountain Formula can also explode…”

A 20-meter-wide mountain suddenly cracked into five small mountains and blasted onto the ground, causing a cloud of dust.

However, this…

Xu Tui suddenly realized a problem. It was flashy. Such a change was just fancy. It added many tricks. But it was not very helpful to actual combat. Not only did it need to change, but it also needed to increase its power.

“Spirit Queen, come and try my move.” Xu Tui contacted the Spirit Queen directly, and asked the Spirit Queen to bring along a shattered Origin Crystal that he had solidified several times. Xu Tui’s Spiritual Magnetic Marker was inside.

In theory, as long as the Spiritual Magnetic Marker was not blocked, Xu Tui could contact the Spiritual Magnetic Marker at any time as long as the Spiritual Magnetic Marker was still on the Planet Spirit.

Of course. there wag nn need for that now

The Spirit Queen that was protecting the main base was within the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception.

As for why he chose the Spirit Queen, it was mainly because the Spirit Queen was more resistant to beatings.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui tried out these new changes on the Spirit Queen one by one. Then, he carefully listened to the Spirit Queen’s feedback and felt a little discouraged. Other than the earth wall being a more practical ability, the other simulations were more flashy. Of course, they were also practical.

It was quite useful against thousands of soldiers.

However, when facing a powerful Planetary realm powerhouse, it was like scratching an itch. It was purely a firework.

This made Xu Tui frown. He thought that he had taken a huge step forward, but he did not expect it to be completely useless.

“Master, why do you have to make it so big? In the inheritance of our ant race, once a quasi-planetary like me breaks through to the Planetary realm, my body will shrink by more than ten times.

“Your combat strength will also increase exponentially.” The Spirit Queen seemed to have seen through something, especially since the Spirit Queen had inherited the stone statue for countless years.

Xu Tui was stunned.

That’s right. Why did it have to be big? This was his obsession.

It was just like a beauty. It was good to have big body parts in some places, but it was better to have small and pretty body parts, like the nose.

He could imitate things that are big in size. What about small? He thought about it. There did not seem to be anyone he could imitate in terms of shrinking.@@novelbin@@

No, there was!

Water Explosion!

Bu Qingqiu’s self-created Water Explosion Technique had a process of collapsing inward beforehand. It would contract and then explode. It was also like the Ice Barrier. It could be big or small.

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood. From a scientific point of view, it was just the density of energy. It was easier for Xu Tui to compress it based on his current thinking of Dao and Dharma .

Violent compression.

In the compression, he searched for a pattern and a feeling. As for what to compress, it was easy—mind power. Ten seconds later, Xu Tui instantiated a small mountain that was more than 20 meters long, wide, and tall. If such a small mountain landed, even a quasi-planetary expert would be severely injured.

However, the prerequisite was that he could hit it. Moreover, it was very difficult to change the trajectory and direction of such a Mountain Formula. Once the bombardment started, the consumption of mind power would be too great if he wanted to change his trajectory and direction.

It was not worth it.

But what if it was shrunk?

Xu Tui was not in a hurry for his first attempt.

The mind power that spread out slowly enveloped the small mountain that had instantiated. He pressed down slightly with his mind power.

In an instant, the size of the small mountain shrinked by double. The small mountain that was ten meters in radius, which was originally an extremely faint earthen yellow, had become much clearer.

It became more textured.

“It’s alright.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui willed it again. The small mountain had already become five meters wide. A heavy texture pounced over, and a khaki-colored small mountain appeared in front of Xu Tui.

With another thought, the small mountain became two meters wide and had

The Spirit Queen on the ground glanced at the small mountain and silently moved further away. “Sir, I feel that I can’t try in this situation. If I am hit, I will definitely be severely injured.”

If the Spirit Queen had such a feeling, it meant that he was heading in the right direction.

Ten seconds later, the small mountain became a meter in size. It was a little strenuous, but it could still be compressed.

Fifty centimeters.

Forty centimeters.

When it was compressed to 35 centimeters, Xu Tui felt an indescribable sense of difficulty.

If he compressed it again, he would feel a sense of powerlessness.

He was powerless! Moreover, because he was controlling the compression, his mind power was constantly being consumed. In the next moment, he activated his mind power. The 35 -centimeter-long mountain blasted towards the mountain below from a few hundred meters away.

Boom!

The ground shook, and dust soared into the sky.

The alarms in the first main base continued to sound. Under the bombardment, the small mountain disappeared for a hundred meters.

After the explosion, Xu Tui was shocked to discover that the small mountain was still there.

It was not a one-time consumable item! Perhaps it was because of the compression, but the quality and toughness had increased exponentially.

“Ah Huang, help me calculate its flying speed.”

A minute later, Ah Huang gave an answer. “The initial speed is 1,200 meters per second, and the maximum speed is 2,600 meters per second.” “How is it compared to the flying sword?”

“It’s only a quarter of the speed of the flying sword. To be honest, the possibility of hitting the enemy is relatively low.”

Xu Tui nodded, but he was not discouraged at all. His mind power was like an invisible hand that kept changing. Not long after, Xu Tui forcefully turned a small mountain into a two-meter-long sword that was emitting golden light.

“This… is a little big… But my mind power doesn’t seem to be able to be compressed anymore… Let the red fire slip help me…”

A few seconds later, an 80-centimeter-long flying sword floated in front of Xu Tui. It instantly flashed and disappeared. Then, it passed through the one-kilometer-thick mountain wall and appeared on the other side of the mountain.

The flying sword was unscathed!

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes. The Spirit Queen’s eyes were filled with fear.

An Xiaoxue, Yin Liu, Yin Ba, Bu Qingqiu, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and the others, who had sensed the commotion a while ago, were also shocked.

The way they looked at Xu Tui was already covered in a layer of mysterious light.

Xu Tui’s methods were becoming more and more mysterious. A few minutes later, the sword light turned back into a small mountain. The small mountain began to dance in the sky before disappearing.

Energy Teleportation in the quantum entanglement state!

Another minute later, the huge mountain suddenly shrunk to the size of a watermelon and instantly accelerated to change directions.

Xu Tui had already stepped into the door of Dao, Dharma, Technique, and Weapon. What happened next would depend on how Xu Tui used it.

However, Xu Tui was very certain of one thing.

The foundation of Dao, Dharma, Technique, and Weapon was still mind power..