Chapter 1186 - 1186: Collusion (1)

Chapter 1186: Collusion (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“If Mr. Xu Tui can tell me the purchase channel, I will provide you with 100,000 grams of Origin Crystals in one go. Of course, if Mr. Xu Tui is willing to purchase the quantum array core for us, we are willing to pay you 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals for every set you purchase.” After saying that, Itavi, who was slowly accompanying him, smiled and said, “This sincerity is big enough, right?”

“Yes, it’s big enough.” Xu Tui smiled. He quickened his pace and maintained a distance of about five meters from Itavi. A wisp of mind power vaguely filled the space between Xu Tui and Itavi.

Xu Tui had always been prepared for the worst.

Was there a possibility of attacking him in this tunnel? Xu Tui felt that it was possible, so he was very careful.

Itavi froze, surprise flashing in his eyes. “Then what kind of cooperation can you cooperate with us?”

Xu Tui turned around and smiled slyly when he heard that. “Mr. Itavi, the people from the other sectors have not arrived yet. I was prepared to compare the price when the people from the other sectors arrived and see whose price was higher! Comparing the prices is the right way, isn’t it?

“Besides, I had to contact my partners remotely to see if they had any stock that they could supply. Or the duration it would take for them to supply me. All of this takes time, doesn’t it?”

As he said these words, Xu Tui’s mind power domain slowly sank. His spiritual radiation kept telling him that this was real. This was real.

Strengthening his beliefs.

In case Itavi saw something.

The moment Itavi spoke, Xu Tui completely understood that he might have fallen into another vortex—a vortex of trouble. Some of these words were true, while others were false. The latter few words were meant to mislead Itavi.

As expected, Itavi’s pupils constricted slightly. With his rich experience, Xu Tui’s few words just now had already revealed a large amount of information.

This was especially so when he sensed that Xu Tui’s mental fluctuations were very stable. There was a high chance that he was telling the truth.

For example, Xu Tui’s partner who had obtained the quantum array core might not be close. There would only be a delay in communication when it came to ultra-long-range communication. It would take time.

Another example was that Xu Tui’s partner did have extra quantum array cores, but not many.

This made sense.

Another example was that Xu Tui might be tempted, but he probably felt that his sincerity was too little.

Also, with just a few words, Itavi could confirm that Xu Tui would help them purchase benefits if there was cooperation. He would not give them a trading channel.

This was a normal choice.

Under normal circumstances, they would only choose to hand over the trading channel if they were stupid. However, the little information that Xu Tui had revealed about the trading channel had overturned their previous guess.

“50,000 grams of Origin Crystals! Help us purchase a quantum array core. Five grams of Origin Crystals as a benefit.” Itavi directly offered a price that he thought was extremely shocking.

“Fifty thousand grams?”

“Yes! This sincerity is definitely enough.” Itavi felt that this price might have moved Xu Tui. “Hah! I’m still comparing the prices.”

Itavi was speechless.

As Xu Tui sped up again, Itavi did not increase the price. As a sly old fox, Itavi knew very well that the price was not increased like this. If this continued, he would only bleed!

Therefore, Itavi did not say a word for the rest of the journey. It was only when

Xu Tui sent Itavi to the temporary gathering camp and was about to leave that Itavi said, “Xu Tui, you can look for me after you compare the price. I will definitely give you a satisfactory price!

By the way, we might have been a little unhappy in the past.

“However, doesn’t the Huaxia Sector have an ancient saying that there are no eternal enemies, only eternal benefits?” After he finished speaking, Itavi smiled and extended his hand to Xu Tui. “I hope that we will have a chance to cooperate. I hope that we can become friends in terms of benefits.”

Xu Tui smiled and nodded. “We should have a chance, but I won’t shake your hand. Mr. Ruan, I’ll leave the temporary camp to you,” Xu Tui shouted and quickly left.

Itavi watched as Xu Tui left. His eyes were a little dejected.

What a good seedling. It would be great if this was his student.

His students, such as Rotamund and Kitawan, were all very talented.

Rotamund even had the right to break through to the Planetary realm.

However, he was a little inferior to Xu Tui, be it his individual strength or temperament.

At this moment, Itavi was a little jealous of the Huaxia Sector.@@novelbin@@

“Why? Do you have any thoughts about Xu Tui?” Ruan Tianzuo, who was on duty at the temporary transit camp, arrived beside Itavi. His gaze was inexplicable as he watched Xu Tui leave.

“Don’t you have one, too?” Itavi sneered.

“I’m only interested in the source of the quantum array core.” Ruan Tianzuo stood with his hands behind his back. He maintained a certain distance from Itavi, but the tone of their conversation revealed that the two of them had a certain level of personal relationship.

“I thought you weren’t interested.” Itavi sneered. “However, in the exchange just now, this kid was very cunning. He almost didn’t reveal any useful information to me. Some of the news might even be misleading me.”

At this moment, the sly old fox, Itavi, had already reacted.

“Then continue. If there are any gains, we can exchange,” Ruan Tianzuo said..