Chapter 1188 - 1188: Madness

Chapter 1188: Madness

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In Yanzi’s dormitory in the first main base.

As there were very few members in the pioneer raiders, Ah Huang paid a lot of attention to the personal needs of its members when it distributed and decorated the dormitory. In any case, it would take half a day for the robots.

For example, Yanzi had more requirements for her room. The color scheme was mainly white, but she required more facilities. The bed had to lean against the wall. Of course, the most important thing was a large bathtub. Yanzi had the habit of soaking in it.

She had to take a bath every night before going to bed.

Today was no exception.

However, Yanzi had a rich amount of similar military experience, especially when she was at the forward operating base. Yanzi knew very well that although she had a status, her status could not suppress the evil thoughts of others.

Her grandfather had taught her since she was young that a girl had to be extremely careful when she was alone outside.

Therefore, Yanzi had used her supernatural ability to set up a guard when she was showering. It was a vigilance method that was created by her grandfather. It was a combination of mind power and purple flames. It was cleverly attached to the windows and walls of the room. It was invisible and intangible.

Using this vigilant method, Yanzi caught at least five military men who wanted to peep at her shower when she was at the forward operating base. Even Lei Xiang had been caught by her once when he was peeping.

Not many people had done such a thing since then. However, Yanzi’s vigilance had been maintained. It was the same on Planet Spirit. As she soaked in the bathtub, Yanzi gently brushed her jade-like skin with her fingers. She could not help but look out of the window.

Sometimes, she wanted to discover someone peeping at her shower. Unfortunately, no one came.

This thought appeared in her mind again, causing Yanzi’s pretty face to suddenly turn red. She could not understand why she had such a thought. Just as her heart was beating wildly, the warning secret technique that had been activated suddenly shook.

This shake immediately made Yanzi’s heart tighten. However, at this moment, a fantasy still rose in Yanzi’s heart. Could it be that guy?

However, in an instant, Yanzi screamed when she received the feedback from her mind power.

Fire Shadow!

The aura that entered the range of her mind power vigilance was a huge mysterious aura that was like a fire shadow.

However, it was definitely not Xu Tui’s aura.

Yanzi and Xu Tui had fused their mind power hundreds of times in order to refine the quantum jade core. She was already extremely familiar with his aura.

In the next moment, Yanzi instinctively screamed. The woman’s voice was completely revealed at this moment. In an instant, Yanzi’s scream resounded throughout the first main base.

In the sky above the first main base, Ruan Tianzuo’s Fire Shadow God Eye was stunned. What was wrong with Itavi? He was actually discovered by a Transmutation Realm expert?

At the same time, the Fire Shadow that Itavi spread out was also stunned. It did not make sense. This was completely unscientific. He was a powerful Planetary realm. How could he be discovered by a Transmutation Realm girl?

He had originally sneaked in and used his mind power to influence her. He wanted to secretly interrogate Yanzi to see if Xu Tui had obtained the quantum array core through this channel. Originally, all of this had to be done in an extremely secretive manner.

Silently, Itavi could complete everything. This was also the reason why Itavi had asked Ruan Tianzuo for help. If anything happened, Ruan Tianzuo could help him distract the forces. However, Itavi did not expect to be noticed by the target, Yanzi.

Even with Itavi’s experience, he could not react in an instant. What should he do? Forcefully abduct her? Or should they retreat? However, no matter what, he had already been exposed. What should he do after he was exposed?

At this moment, Itavi thought about many things.

However, Xu Tui did not think too much about it.

The moment Yanzi’s scream sounded, Xu Tui’s mental perception spread out like mercury. In an instant, the situation in the entire main base appeared in his mental perception. This was especially so since Xu Tui had used his microscopic perception around Yanzi’s scream.

In an instant, a Fire Shadow that could only be seen with mental perception appeared in front of Xu Tui.

This time, the aura was clear.

Xu Tui was instantly furious. Itavi’s aura actually started to have designs on

Yanzi. The mind power in his mental body instantly turned rapidly. A Small God Slaying Sword with 30% of his mind power instantly condensed and soared into the sky.

“Itavi, you old thief!” Xu Tui roared.

The moment Xu Tui’s angry roar sounded, Itavi made a decision. He could not forcefully abduct her. If he forcefully abducted her, he might trigger a war or even unpredictable consequences. What if Cai Shaochu got angry and threatened to kick the India Sector out of this Sun Storm Plan?

Therefore, they could only retreat.

Itavi had even thought of an excuse. He was just lustful! He just wanted to see what an alien woman was like. He would just taint his reputation!

No one could do anything to him!

Retreat!

The moment he made his decision, Itavi’s huge and invisible fire figure instantly condensed into a palm-sized fire figure.

He had to escape. He could be discovered, but he could not be caught. The intangible shadow that had expanded was too slow. The shrunken fire shadow was fast enough. However, the moment his small fire figure appeared, Xu Tui’s pupils constricted. The Small God Slaying Sword that had already flown into the sky suddenly disappeared.

He slashed down!

The sword light landed, and the small Fire Shadow suddenly shattered into pieces before being annihilated.

In the temporary camp, Itavi, who was sitting cross-legged on the ground, suddenly trembled violently. A trace of blood suddenly seeped out of his mouth and nose. The Fire Shadow that he had refined was killed by Xu Tui with a single strike.

Although he had used very few mental bodies when he condensed this Fire Shadow Clone because he was close enough, it was a piece of meat that was split from him. It was very painful to be killed by Xu Tui’s sword.

His mental body instinctively trembled. His injuries were not great, but he was shocked!

The Fire Shadow was his clone. Even though it was a clone, its strength, speed, and aura were still in the Planetary realm. However, it was easily killed by Xu Tui’s sword.

At the same time, the moment Itavi’s fire shadow figure was killed by Xu Tui’s sword, Ruan Tianzuo’s Fire Shadow God Eye also trembled violently in the sky. He was shocked by the aura of Xu Tui’s sword.

With this shock, Ruan Tianzuo’s Fire Eyes, which had originally fused with the aura of the world, suddenly had an unexpected fluctuation.

Xu Tui, who had activated his mental perception, immediately sensed this fluctuation. Xu Tui was so angry that he almost went crazy. The Small God Slaying Sword condensed and flew out again. However, the moment it flew out, Ruan Tianzuo’s Fire Eyes immediately dissipated.@@novelbin@@

In the temporary camp, Ruan Tianzuo suddenly opened his eyes. He had a depressed expression. “I miscalculated!” Xu Tui exploded in anger.

Ruan Tianzuo’s aura still lingered in the sky.

What the f*ck…

Xu Tui had expected Itavi to secretly attack him. He had been guarding against him. However, Ruan Tianzuo had actually cooperated with Itavi to attack him. Xu Tui was furious.

He was completely furious! Damn it, what was this! He had just arrived today, but they were already working together to cause trouble for him!

At this moment, the veins on Xu Tui’s forehead throbbed crazily. He was furious! He was completely furious! “Ah Huang, prepare the three-phase thermal bombs!” “It’s already in preheating mode!”

“Target, temporary transit camp. Five shots, blanket attack!”

“Understood. Target, temporary transit camp. Five shots, blanket attack!

Launch activate!”

Xu Tui, who had already soared into the sky on his sword, had a dark expression. However, he still sent a message to the quasi-planetary’s consciousnesses at this moment. The moment five blazing flames flew out of the main base, Ruan Tianzuo and Itavi widened their eyes in the temporary transit camp.

“F*ck, a three-phase thermal bomb? That crazy?”