Chapter 1182 - 1182: Preparation For Battle And Reward For Contribution (1)

Chapter 1182: Preparation for Battle and Reward for Contribution (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Is this why the Spiritual Race attacked Planet Spirit?”

After hearing Yin Liu’s detailed explanation, everyone was stunned, especially Cai Shaochu.

On the day of the attack on Planet Spirit, the higher-ups and think tanks of the Blue Star had analyzed the situation for a day. They analyzed the various reasons and possibilities.

The greatest possibility was that the traitor that they had yet to find, Black Hole, had leaked the news, causing the Spiritual Race to be prepared and discover it in advance. That was why they reacted in advance, and attacked Planet Spirit.

This was also the fundamental reason why the Blue Star’s one organization and seven sectors had to beat a retreat against the strategy of launching a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

He did not expect that according to Yin Liu, it was the aftereffects of Xu Tui looting the Mechanical Spirit Race’s resource planet.

It was Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, who had aroused suspicion and reorganized the internal affairs because the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Planetary realm experts had disappeared continuously.

Then, they arrived at Planet Spirit.

Both Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu had used various methods to confirm that Yin Liu was not lying when he said this.

In that case, the problem that the Blue Star’s alliances were most worried about was gone. The strategy of launching a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base seemed to be able to continue.

However, this matter was of utmost importance and was a collective operation organized by the Blue Star’s one organization and seven sectors. It was not something that Cai Shaochu could decide alone.

A day later, on the 30th of July, Cai Shaochu left again after the quantum fluctuations of the temporary transit quantum teleportation channel stabilized.

He had to go back and personally participate in and preside over this matter.

Whether it was reporting the results of the interrogation to the Blue Star’s alliances and promoting the strategy to continue the surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Cai Shaochu needed to personally participate and keep an eye on them.

He had to keep an eye on them too!

If this strategy continued, it would be a huge change that had never happened on the Blue Star in a thousand years. At the same time, it would be the most important opportunity for Huaxia to leap forward in the past few thousand years.

One could imagine how much importance Old Cai placed on it.

When Old Cai left, he only left Xu Tui with one sentence: Prepare for battle.

With the confession of Yin Liu, a Planetary realm expert who had surrendered, the success of convincing the Blue Star’s alliances to continue their strategy of raiding the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was very high.

“Yin Liu, I can accept your surrender, but I still have a reserved attitude towards your loyalty. Although to me, even if you have the strength of a

Planetary realm powerhouse, you can’t withstand the power of my sword.

“However, I can’t keep an eye on you at all times and even suspect you. Therefore, at the moment, your loyalty needs external objects to guarantee it.”

As he spoke, Xu Tui placed the dozen or so Silver Rings that he had just forged in front of Yin Liu.

Yin Liu naturally recognized this thing.

They had secretly learned control technology from the Spiritual Race. Previously, they had used it to control Spiritual Beings. They did not expect it to be used on him today.

Yin Liu did not say anything. He only looked at Yin Ba.

Yin Ba understood what Yin Six meant. “Sixth Brother, I have one too. However, even if you remove this for me now, I will still offer my loyalty to

Commander Xu Tui.”

Xu Tui looked at Yin Ba in surprise when he heard that. He felt very comfortable with Yin Ba’s flattery, but he had gone overboard.

Xu Tui would not be at ease if he removed the Silver Ring.

Yin Liu looked at Yin Ba in confusion. His gaze was clear. You must have been drugged by Xu Tui, a human from the Blue Star, right? Contribute loyalty? Was there something wrong with your brain?

“Sixth Brother, I don’t know how Commander Xu Tui will treat us in the future, but now, the members under Commander Xu Tui are actually very comfortable and free. Whether it was me, Yin Liulong, Yin Sanping, Yin Wushu, or the captives of the Great Xi Clan or the Ling Clan, there were not many rules. I feel that I’ve been rather happy staying on Planet Spirit.”

As Yin Ba spoke, he remembered the day Old Cai first came. They had also attended the banquet that day. Although they did not eat the food of the Blue Star Humans, the atmosphere made him feel very comfortable.

For a moment, he liked this place.@@novelbin@@

Yin Liu narrowed his eyes. It was obvious that he did not believe all of Yin Ba’s words. However, he still picked up the Silver Ring and controlled his body to split open in front of Xu Tui. He put the Silver Rings on his energy core one by one.

Xu Tui grinned when he saw this.

When Yin Liu was done, Xu Tui pressed on the controller and all the silver rings entered an open state. Then, he locked them. “Ah Huang, activate the control.”

At the same time that Xu Tui’s voice sounded, the hundreds of dense energy tubes that were controlling Yin Liu all fell off. Yin Liu also regained his freedom.

Yin Liu, who had regained his freedom, slowly stood up. He was about to kneel down on one knee in front of Xu Tui. This was their rule in the Spiritual Race. However, Xu Tui stopped Yin Liu when he was about to kneel.

“I’m not interested in that.” Xu Tui bared his teeth. He actually felt a sense of accomplishment when a Planetary realm powerhouse knelt down to him. However, Xu Tui knew very well that he could not do that.

His father had taught him since he was young that no matter if the other party was poor or rich, old or young, respect had to be placed at the front. Even the

most basic polite respect!

“Call me Commander! Welcome to the pioneer raiders.” Xu Tui extended his hand toward Yin Liu.

When Yin Liu’s mechanical hand touched Xu Tui’s flesh and blood hand, a strange thought suddenly occurred to him..