Chapter 1180 - 1180: High-Temperature Fire Wall And Surrender (2)

Chapter 1180: High-Temperature Fire Wall and Surrender (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The news from the Sanctuary only said that five to six reinforcements have arrived. The leader is the Sanctuary Elder, Chi Jing.” Lei Tian was worried.

The combat strength of the Sanctuary Elders of the Fire Division was very strong. They were not inferior to the Thunder Division.

“Are there any troops from the Thunder Division among the reinforcements?” Lei Qian asked.

“No.” Lei Tian shook his head. “The Sanctuary seems to have become vigilant.

There’s no detailed list.”

“Sir, how long will it take for Elder Chi Jing to pass through the high-temperature wall of the solar system?” Lei Qian asked worriedly.

Hearing this, Lei Tian shook his head. “It’s hard to say. Let’s see where they came from. Although there aren’t many channels that can pass through the high-temperature fire wall of the solar system, there are still a few.

“At the moment, the fastest one will arrive in half a year. And according to the pattern, it will take them more than three years to pass through the slowest one.”

“Half a year… More than three years…” This deadline made Lei Qian extremely insecure, especially when she was about to become a mother.

Lei Tian also realized this. He quickly went over and gently hugged Lei Qian. “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of everything. Even if Elder Chi Jing arrives tomorrow, I have a way to deal with him. This solar system is our territory!” Lei Qian nodded gently. This was this man’s greatest charm.

Lei Tian continued to study the star map. Lei Qian also had a big belly and began to help Lei Tian deal with other miscellaneous matters.

Lei Qian’s thoughts were actually quite simple. A few minutes later, Lei Qian’s gaze shifted. The communication disk in the transparent safe suddenly flashed. After glancing at the communication disk, Lei Qian smiled. “Sir, Lei Gen has requested to contact us. There should be results from the battle. Do you want to pick it up personally or listen from the side?”

“You receive it. I’ll listen by the side to prevent this kid from showing off. Lei Gen’s temperament and ability are indeed more suitable for being a commander.” At the mention of this, Lei Tian’s gaze shifted. He casually asked, “By the way, how has Lei Xiang been recently?”

Lei Xiang had been treated with all his might after he was rescued from the previous captive exchange. His broken limbs had already completely recovered, and his cultivation had been pushed to the quasi-planetary realm by Lei Tian with resources.

However, it was easy to treat physical injuries, but it was hard to say about mental injuries.

“Lord Lei Xiang has recovered quite well, but his hostility is still a little heavy. Sometimes, he can’t completely control his emotions. He can fight, but he won’t be able to become a commander like before in a short period of time.” Lei Qian gave a rather pertinent evaluation. As she spoke, she took out her communication disk and picked up the call.

“Lord Lei Gen, how’s the battle going?”

The form of address was also one of Lei Qian’s smartness.

Lei Qian was the adjutant of the forward operating base and Lei Tian’s personal secretary. Now that she had given birth to Lei Tian’s bloodline, her status in the forward operating base had become extremely noble.

However, she maintained a respectful attitude toward everyone, especially Lei Tian’s blood relatives. Even if they were not Planetary realm powerhouses, she would still address them as lords for people like Lei Gen and Lei Xiang.

To a certain extent, Lei Qian was a nearly perfect wife.

A virtuous wife.

She might also be a good mother in the future.

Lei Qian’s voice was filled with relaxation and joy. However, Lei Gen’s voice was low. The moment Lei Gen spoke, Lei Qian’s pretty face changed. “Sister Qian, we’re in trouble!”

These words made Lei Tian frown. Lei Qian raised her brows. Was he in trouble? It did not seem to be a big problem.

“Tell me, what happened?”

“Sister Qian, we encountered an accident when we attacked Planet Spirit… We suffered a crushing defeat! We lost more than 60% of our men!”

“What?” Lei Qian’s pretty face turned pale, and her heart skipped a beat. Behind her, Lei Tian had already instantly flashed to Lei Qian’s side and carried her onto a chair. Pure and gentle power slowly surged into Lei Qian’s body. “Don’t be nervous. I’ll take care of everything. It’s fine. I’ll handle it.” Lei Qian panted heavily and nodded gently.

In the next moment, Lei Tian had already taken the communication disk.

“What’s going on?”

Lei Gen began to explain slowly.

“The power of Planet Spirit is two Planetary realms and four quasi-planetary realms? Even so, you can still crush them, right? Even if a Planetary realm reinforcement came later, your strength would still have an absolute advantage! We can crush them as usual, right? Lei Hong alone can cause chaos for them.” Lei Tian was puzzled.

“It’s that Xu Tui. He had a sword that severely injured Lord Lei Hong and made him faint.”

“A sword? What about Lei Hong?” Lei Tian became anxious at this moment.

“Lei Hong was knocked out by the slash and never woke up. Originally, I had already saved Lord Lei Hong, but when we retreated…’

Lei Gen’s words made the color on Lei Tian’s face instantly drain. He even staggered a little.

In the entire forward operating base, the strongest person was naturally Lei@@novelbin@@

Tian. When Lang Fanyun was around, Lei Hong was ranked fourth. Now that Lang Fanyun was not around, Lei Hong’s strength could definitely be ranked third.

In terms of strength, Lei Hong was definitely Lei Tian’s right-hand man.

Now, when Lei Tian heard that Lei Hong had been captured, the blow, the anger…

After a moment of silence, Lei Tian suddenly roared, “You, how did you command? How did you fight such a winning battle? Even Lei Hong had been captured by the enemy! You piece of trash!”