Chapter 1185 - 1185: Itavi’S Sincerity

Chapter 1185: Itavi’s Sincerity

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The efficiency of the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization was still very high.

When Cai Shaochu returned with extremely credible evidence, he explained that the Spiritual Race’s surprise attack on Planet Spirit was not because their strategy of raiding the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base had failed.

Instead, it was a chain reaction triggered by Xu Tui’s actions of harvesting the power of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

At the same time, another matter greatly increased the confidence of the Blue Star’s alliances to act quickly.

Lei Hong had been captured!@@novelbin@@

The Blue Star’s alliances had fought Lei Hong many times. Lei Hong could be said to be the vanguard general under the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian. He was extremely powerful.

In the past, only Cai Shaochu, Itavi, Haren, and the others could defeat him.

Now, he had been captured and was still unconscious. Moreover, in the attack of Planet Spirit, the Spiritual Race’s Planetary realm, including Lei Hong, they had lost a total of five Planetary realm experts.

How many Planetary realm experts were there in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base?

There was no very accurate number on the Blue Star. However, after fighting for so many years, there was a rough number.

The judgment of the Blue Star was that the Spiritual Race had about 35 to 41 Planetary realm experts in the forward operating base. However, this was the data from two years ago.

In the past two years, the Spiritual Race had been more active in their attacks, and there had been more internal changes.

Based on the known attrition data of the Spiritual Race and the previous speculations, the number of Planetary realm powerhouses in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base had decreased to between 29 and 35 in the past two years.

However, the battle on Planet Spirit had caused the Spiritual Race’s Planetary realm powerhouses to lose five people.

This was equivalent to destroying one-sixth of the Spiritual Race’s strength, or 15%.

This was already a great victory!

It greatly weakened the strength of the Spiritual Race. More importantly, even Xu Tui had managed to achieve such a great victory. It gave the Blue Star’s alliances a feeling that the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was about to decline.

Therefore, after Cai Shaochu returned, they quickly approved the plan to launch a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

The Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization arranged a lineup in the shortest time possible and organized the members who participated in the attack.

Other than the top few people leading the various sectors, no one else knew the true strategic goal.

The Blue Star’s alliances named this plan the Sun Storm.

On August 1, 2139, the first gatherer of the Sun Storm Combat Plan arrived at Planet Spirit through the temporary transit quantum teleportation channel that Xu Tui had built.

The person who came surprised Xu Tui.

Itavi.

Itavi from the India Sector.

Xu Tui, who had come to personally welcome and arrange things, narrowed his eyes into crescents at this moment. He retracted the hand that he was about to extend.

“Mr. Itavi, welcome to the gathering.” Xu Tui stood with his arms crossed. He tilted his head and looked at Itavi expressionlessly.

After the Mars defense battle, Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu highly suspected that Itavi was the traitor Black Hole of the Blue Star.

However, there was no evidence.

There was no direct evidence, let alone solid evidence. He could only give up.

At this moment, Itavi was at the frontline of the Sun Storm Plan. To be honest, Xu Tui could not understand the actions of the Black Hole. Or was Itavi contacting the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base to betray the Blue Star for his benefit, or for the benefit of the India Sector?

However, with the participation of Black Hole, Itavi, it had added many variables to the Sun Storm Plan.

Unfortunately, there was no evidence.

“Congratulations, Mr. Xu Tui.” Itavi, who had a signature headscarf on his head and a beard, slowly walked out of the door of the underground base of the quantum teleportation tunnel. He half-bowed toward Xu Tui.

This surprised Xu Tui.

This was a little too much.

With Itavi’s status, it was a huge respect.

Itavi was a guru in the India Sector. He was not much different from the so-called state preceptor. In the India Sector, even Nilab, the deputy director of the Genetic Committee, had to bow to Itavi.

It was basically impossible for Itavi to bow to someone else. Neither Wei Bin nor Cai Shaochu could! In an instant, a thought flashed through Xu Tui’s mind. He had ill intentions.

Even though he was vigilant, Xu Tui still had to pinch his nose and accompany him.

It was not because of Itavi’s identity, but because of the subsequent arrangements.

In the Sun Storm Plan, there would be dozens of Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts transiting through Planet Spirit. There would be hundreds or even thousands of Transmutation Realm experts transiting in the future.

However, Planet Spirit was Xu Tui’s.

At the very least, it was from the Huaxia Sector.

During this process, there would definitely be people from the other alliance and organizations spying on them. There would even be people who would take a cheap shot.

Therefore, the Sun Storm Plan had to be carried out, but the rules had to be set. This was why Xu Tui had come to welcome the first Planetary realm powerhouse who had been teleported over.

In the past two days, Ah Huang had already connected to an external corridor from the underground teleportation tunnel hall overnight.

The participants of the Blue Star’s alliances had to specify a place to gather and live.

Xu Tui had asked the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization for an order.

He did not want to start a civil war before the Sun Storm Plan started.

Over the past half a year, under Ah Huang’s planning and development, a large number of robots had been continuously created, built, and produced. Planet Spirit had already developed greatly.

There were already hundreds of resource production bases.

In Ah Huang’s words, in at most a year, Planet Spirit would be able to provide for itself and satisfy more than

10 ,ooo people, if Xu Tui had the intention to colonize.

Even the total number of Origin Crystal mines had reached three. They were still searching.

It could be said that Planet Spirit was a very good planet. Although Xu Tui had not decided what to do in the future, he would not allow anyone else to get involved even if he had not decided.

“Shall we chat?” Xu Tui silently led the way. Itavi maintained a distance of three meters and followed behind Xu Tui. He suddenly spoke.

“Mr. Itavi, you’ve already read the orders from the Blue Star, right? Although you’re a Planetary realm powerhouse, I still hope that you can follow the orders. Just stay in the temporary strategic base and wait quietly before you transfer in,” Xu Tui said.

“I understand. I’ll abide by it.” Itavi had never been so obedient. Xu Tui almost thought that he had heard wrongly. In the next moment, Itavi smiled. “Mr. Xu

Tui, can you tell me the source of your quantum array core?”

“Are you interested in the quantum array core?” Xu Tui narrowed his eyes.

“Of course, I shouldn’t be the only one interested. However, I’m very sincere, if you can tell me the purchase channel of the quantum array core. Or you can help me purchase the quantum array core. I can pay you a generous intermediary fee!” Itavi said directly. “I’m very sincere!”

Xu Tui’s eyes narrowed into crescents when he heard that.. “Sincerity? How much sincerity can it be?”