Chapter 1187 - 1187: Collusion (2)

Chapter 1187: Collusion (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Itavi glanced at Ruan Tianzuo. “I do feel that Xu Tui’s words just now misled me. Therefore, I want to verify my previous thoughts.”

“That one?” Ruan Tianzuo looked in a certain direction in the first main base. Itavi nodded. “Then do as you please! How can I control the whereabouts of a

Planetary realm powerhouse? However, you’d better restrain yourself. Otherwise, I won’t be able to explain myself.” “Don’t worry. Don’t you know me?”

“Hmph!” Ruan Tianzuo sneered.

“Ah Huang, activate Level 1 alert mode at the first main base. Activate the energy shield. Activate the patrol mode of the drone fighter jets. The three-phase thermal bomb launcher will enter preheating mode. Show it directly.” Xu Tui immediately gave a series of orders when he returned to the first main base.

“Won’t the location be exposed if you show it directly?” Ah Huang asked in confusion.

“It’s for them to see.” Xu Tui sneered. This could be considered a warning. “Understood. The orders will begin to be carried out in five minutes.”

“Ah Huang, how long will it take for your clone to reach its predetermined location?” Xu Tui asked.

“There’s a delay in the communication. The communication a day ago was that my clone is controlling the fleet. We will be able to reach the designated location in seven days. If everything goes smoothly, the temporary quantum teleportation channel over there will be completed in six to seven days,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui nodded. “Strengthen the frequency of contact so that it could be instant communication. Your clone will still have to prioritize concealment over the control of the fleet.”

This was another part of the attack of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, which was also the Sun Storm Project. It was a very important link. It was only when this part was about to be completed that the Sun Storm Plan was officially activated.

Yesterday, the day before Itavi arrived, Li Qingping and Xie Qing had already set off with two quasi-planets and a fleet. Their targets were the Planet Spiritual Cabin and the Planet Spiritual Sea that the Mechanical Spirit Race had occupied.

Due to the Spiritual Embodiment, these two planets of the Mechanical Spirit Race already had life. Although their survival environment could not be compared to the Blue Star, it was several times better than the known Mars, Moon, Manut Asteroid, and other planets.

There were conditions for large-scale immigration.

“Order everyone not to go out unless necessary. They have to request for an order when they go out. Order everyone to enter a state of vigilance. Maintain a state of vigilance with 60% of their combat strength at all times. However, their cultivation can continue!”

Itavi’s first arrival gave Xu Tui a little pressure.

This was especially so since Itavi was much more interested in the quantum array core than Xu Tui had expected.

This meant that the Blue Star’s alliances were equally interested in the quantum array core.@@novelbin@@

Previously, Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui had already considered this. However, Cai Shaochu said that he would do his best to eliminate the hidden dangers and influence in this area. However, from the looks of it, the alliances of the Blue Star’s need for this was too strong. It might bring them trouble.

This made Xu Tui smell that he was guilty of being greedy. He could not stop anyone from reaching out. If he could stomp on them with his claws, he might be able to stop them.

And this required strength!

Xu Tui had already entered the path of Dao, Dharma, Technique, and Weapon. He knew better that what he lacked now was strength, the foundation.

Therefore, Xu Tui once again strengthened the circulation within the 72-point Great Genetic Ability chain.

In the past few days, he had to build five internal channels in the 72-point Great Genetic Ability chain every day. However, it seemed like it was still too little. So he decided to build eight internal channels in the 72-point Great Genetic Ability chain every day.

The Sun Storm Plan was completely implemented. It was estimated that it would be carried out in a month.

At that time, Xu Tui’s mind power would increase by about 240%.

Of course, this reference was Xu Tui from six months ago.

Six months ago, Xu Tui’s mind power would increase by about 1% for every internal channel in the 72-point genetic ability chain he built.

If he built 100 of them, it would double.

If Xu Tui’s mind power was one at that time, then in these six months, he had constructed a total of 460 internal circulation channels in the 72-point genetic ability chain.

His mind power increased by 4.6 times.

If he used one as the foundation, it would be equivalent to increasing his current mind power to 5.6. If he still used one as a reference, his mind power would increase by 2.4 points in the next month of bitter cultivation.

According to the increase in his current mind power, it was another 40%.

Under such an enhancement, the most obvious difference was that a month later, Xu Tui only needed to use 5% of his mind power to condense the Small God Slaying Sword. It was equivalent to the power of the Small God Slaying Sword that had been condensed by 40% of his mind power.

Previously, the Small God Slaying Sword that was condensed by 40% of his mind power could directly kill ordinary quasi-planetary experts.

In other words, Xu Tui might have the power to instantly kill a quasi-planetary expert after another month of bitter cultivation.

Of course, the prerequisite was that it hit.

Mind power was very important. This was a little like defeating ten people with strength. If one’s mind power was strong enough, techniques did not seem to be that important.

“Continue?” After returning to the small room, An Xiaoxue, who was cultivating, opened her eyes and looked at Xu Tui.

“Continue.”

However, what An Xiaoxue received was Xu Tui’s harassment and hugs. The two of them only started cultivating again after they were tired of it.

That night, in the temporary transit camp, Itavi was sitting cross-legged in his room. Two quasi-planetary experts from the India Sector were guarding the door for him. Powerful and surging mind power slowly surged in Itavi’s body.

After a few minutes of surging mind power, a fire-colored phantom suddenly jumped out from behind Itavi’s head and threw out a huge fire-type Origin Crystal. The fire-colored phantom immediately turned into a fire-colored figure.

The door to Itavi’s room opened a crack. The figure suddenly expanded. As it expanded, the color quickly faded to nothingness and disappeared.

Not far away, Ruan Tianzuo, who was also sitting cross-legged and cultivating, slowly opened his eyes. “Old thing, you’re even more anxious than me.”

Ruan Tianzuo muttered to himself and closed his eyes again. He activated his mind power and a small bird that flickered with the invisible wings of fire instantly soared into the sky.

He passed through the temporary transit base and arrived above the first main base. Then, he instantly spread out and turned into an invisible Fire Shadow God Eye. It matched the fluctuations of the world and quietly watched everything in the first main base.

The moment Ruan Tianzuo’s Fire Shadow God Eye opened above the first main base, Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and Bu Qingqiu opened their eyes at the same time.

“What’s wrong, Xiaoxue?”

“I don’t feel too good.” An Xiaoxue frowned.

Xu Tui’s expression changed slightly when he heard that. “Do you feel like you’re being spied on?”

“I think so.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mental perception spread out like a whirlwind.

He scanned the area of his mental perception, but he did not find anything.

At the same time, the invisible fire person controlled by Itavi slowly enveloped one of the dormitory rooms in the first main base.

In the sky, Ruan Tianzuo’s Fire Shadow God Eye swayed slightly. “Be careful.

Xu Tui has already become alert.”

The figure of the Invisible Fire Person that was about to enter the room froze slightly.

“He noticed? He noticed me? No way? How is that possible? Even if Xu Tui is strong, he can’t be this strong, right?” Itavi found it unbelievable.

“He didn’t discover you, but our mind power secret technique alerted him. Just now, I realized that he was using his mind power to search the area, although he didn’t discover us. However, his mind power is very strong!” Ruan Tianzuo said.

“Very strong? How strong do you think it is?”

“I feel that Xu Tui’s mind power is not inferior to that of an ordinary quasi-planet.”

“Just an ordinary quasi-planet? That doesn’t count…”

“No, the Xu Tui’s mind power I’m talking about might not be inferior to a quasi-planet of the supernatural being.”

Itavi was stunned. “No way?”

“Is there a need for me to lie to you? So, it’s better to be careful!”

“Yes, it looks like Cai Shaochu might be hiding something from us about Xu

Tui’s strength.”

“Let’s settle the matter at hand first.”

In the next moment, the invisible Fire Person controlled by Itavi expanded a little more. When it became even more illusory, it slowly surged into the room like invisible smoke..