Chapter 1183 - 1183: Preparation For Battle And Reward For Contribution (2)

Chapter 1183: Preparation for Battle and Reward for Contribution (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If he had any ill intentions at this moment and attacked Xu Tui, would there be any possibility of killing him?

Xu Tui smiled at Yin Liu as he shook his hand.

He was not stupid!

The passive resonance of the spiritual resonance would be activated and detonated by Xu Tui’s Time Distortion ability in an extremely short period of time as long as there was any malice, especially when they were shaking hands.

In the end, under Yin Ba’s guidance, Yin Liu gave Xu Tui a Huaxia military salute.

“Commander, in the future, Yin Liu will definitely follow your orders! However, please remember to agree to my conditions, ” Yin Liu said.

“Don’t worry. I couldn’t ask for more of your conditions.”

Yin Liu seemed to be very persistent in developing the Mechanical Spirit Race. The only condition he raised when he surrendered was that he could allocate a few resource planets to them for their development in the future. At the same time, if there were any captives of the Mechanical Spirit Race, he and Yin Ba could deal with them.

Xu Tui agreed readily to this. He could not wait to welcome someone to train his underlings.

The overall strength of the Mechanical Spirit Race was a little weaker, in a one-on-one battle, they were often at a disadvantage when facing experts of the same level.

However, Xu Tui felt that this was because the Spiritual Race did not pay enough attention to the Mechanical Spirit Race. The strength of the Mechanical Spirit Race was not to fight alone, but to act in an organized manner.

During the battle with Lei Xiang on the resource planet, Lei Xiang had gathered several Transmutation Realm experts and dozens of Evolution Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race into a firepower position.

At that time, Xu Tui and the others screamed.

If Xu Tui had not fought from afar and used the Mountain Formula, he would have lost countless people in this level.

Xu Tui’s idea was that if there was a certain number of quasi-planetary or Planetary realm powerhouses from the Mechanical Spirit Race who formed a long-range firepower position, there was no need for many. Just three to five would do.

With someone blocking in front of him, its lethality should be able to stun everyone.

This was Xu Tui’s plan for the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Of course, the suppression of firepower in such an organized operation required more scientific data and cooperation.

Xu Tui had already asked Ah Huang to record the data of Yin Liu, Yin Ba, Yin Liulong, and the others. He asked Ah Huang to design a formation and form that was suitable for them to use their firepower suppression.

The form of the Mechanical Spirit Race could change freely.

“Yin Ba, this is for you.” Xu Tui handed the two Silver Spirit Boxes to Yin Ba in front of him. Yin Liu’s eyes instantly widened.

Silver Spirit Box!

The Spiritual Race would reward them with one every five years. They did not have enough. Later on, they developed the Planet Spirit in private, but it was still very scarce. He did not expect Xu Tui to casually reward Yin Ba with two.

Yin Ba’s expression also instantly became extremely excited. He hugged the

Silver Spirit Box and was overjoyed. “Thank you, Sir. Thank you, Commander! With these two Silver Spirit Boxes, my mental body can recover and my strength will return to the Planetary realm.”

Yin Ba was overjoyed.

Behind Xu Tui, Yan Lie, who was watching this scene, suddenly had a strange expression. Wasn’t this Silver Spirit Box what they had obtained after following Xu Tui to rob the Spiritual Cultivation Center of Planet Spirit, Planet Spiritual Cabin, and Planet Spiritual Sea?

In other words, this was actually something that belonged to the Mechanical Spirit Race.

In other words, Commander Xu Tui was using the Mechanical Spirit Race’s own things to bribe the hearts of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Splendid!

Yan Lie could only say that it was splendid. He was in awe!

“As long as the few of you work hard, you will have the same opportunity in the future, including you, Yin Liu.”

Xu Tui bragged in front of a few powerful members of the Mechanical Spirit

Race.

“Yin Wushu, this energy core is yours.” Xu Tui rewarded Yin Er’s energy core to Yin Wushu.

Yin Wushu was instantly stunned. He took it with trembling hands.

“Thank you, Sir! A quasi-planetary. With it, I can immediately break through to the quasi-planetary realm! My strength can even soar to the mid-stage of the quasi-planetary realm in a short period of time!” Yin Wushu said happily.@@novelbin@@

“Yes, work hard! What’s a quasi-planetary? In the future, the Planetary realm will be waiting for you!”

“Thank you, Sir. I will definitely work hard toward the Planetary realm!” Yin Wushu, who had received the reward, seemed to have been injected with chicken blood. He was just short of kneeling down to Xu Tui.

Of course, the other two quasi-planets who participated in the battle, Yin Liulong and Yin Sanping, could not fall behind. They had to be rewarded.

The two of them each received a quasi-planetary energy core and 500 grams of Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui finally heaved a sigh of relief when he saw how grateful the Mechanical Spirit Race was and the feedback from his spiritual resonance.

After this, the members of the Mechanical Spirit Race calmed down a little. It would not be long before Xu Tui had two Planetary realm experts under him. Yin Liulong, Yin Wushu, and Yin Sanping were quasi-planetary experts.

As for Lavis, Xu Tui did not give him a good attitude.

During the battle, this fellow had vaguely revealed a hint of malice to him. He was definitely looking forward to his death in battle so that he could obtain freedom. Therefore, this guy was despicable. He could not give him a good face. He had to be hammered!

“Yan Lie, pass down the order to Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao. The three of you have to fight Lavis for an hour every day! Anyone who can defeat Lavis in actual combat will be rewarded,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as he said that, Yan Lie’s eyes immediately lit up. “Commander, what if

I kill him with one strike?”

“If you can kill Lavis with one strike, it will save me a lot of trouble in the future! I will reward you with a Silver Spirit Box,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, Commander. You said it!” Yan Lie was overjoyed. He instantly made it his goal to use his concealment ability to kill Lavis.

Lavis felt a chill run down his spine. Although this was not his vital point, it was still very uncomfortable. Lavis had a feeling that he had been exposed. Did Dear Xu discover what he was thinking? That was why he was punished like this?

At this moment, Lavis felt very guilty.

Xu Tui was very satisfied when he saw Lavis’s sneaky expression. He went over and placed 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals on the Spirit Queen as a reward.

The ant race was still very awesome in this battle.

Three of the Ant Generals at the Transmutation Realm died on the spot, one was severely injured, and the rest were all injured. Other than that, more than 10,000 Ant Beasts died in battle and turned to ashes, including many Ant Generals.

The Spirit Queen herself had also withstood a quasi-planetary. She had done her best.

Xu Tui had given 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals to the Spirit Queen. Xu Tui did not care how the Spirit Queen used it, whether she cultivated or saved it.

Actually, Xu Tui was still looking forward to it. What if the Spirit Queen could break through to the Planetary realm? This could be considered Xu Tui’s reward for this battle. Of course, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had also made contributions.

Xu Tui was rich now.

After doing all of this, Xu Tui leisurely returned to his cultivation room. He adjusted his breathing, abandoned all distracting thoughts, and slowly entered a meditative state. He began to think.

This battle was a battle that Xu Tui had invested all his strength into. He had gained some insights into the God Slaying Sword, other abilities, and even Old Cai’s Fantasy Formula..