Chapter 1196 - 1196: Full Compensation And Fraud

Chapter 1196: Full Compensation and Fraud

“Other than that, Mr. Ruan Tianzuo also needs to compensate the four of us with 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals each. In addition, he also needs to give us five of his famous abilities, as well as the Origin Crystal ability seal card of the Fire Wing Slash. Yes, five cards,” Xu Tui said.

This time, Ruan Tianzuo could no longer sit still. “Previously, there were four people who compensated you with Origin Crystals. Even if I compensate you with Origin Crystal ability seal cards, four would be enough. Why five?” Ruan Tianzuo questioned.

“I’m happy. I’m willing! I just want five cards.” Xu Tui raised his head and looked like he deserved a beating.

Ruan Tianzuo was furious. He had been furious since the incident yesterday.

He had wanted to just cover for Itavi and secretly take the benefits afterward.

He did not expect to be exposed. This was especially so for his cooperation with Itavi. It was too sensitive. His situation in the Huaxia Sector would probably not be good in the future.

Now, he was being bullied by a junior like Xu Tui. It was simply…

Ruan Tianzuo had the urge to flare up. However, the cold gazes of the other alliance experts and Cai Shaochu made him extremely helpless.

He’ll listen first!

Xu Tui was just asking for a sky-high price. They could bargain later! Ruan Tianzuo suppressed his anger and half-closed his eyes.

“Hah!” Xu Tui let out a mocking laugh. Since they had already fallen out and were about to fight to the death, why did he have to save face? He did not even need to clean up someone’s mess. “Next, I will submit a request for compensation to Itavi, the instigator of this war. Listen carefully.” war!

This was Xu Tui’s definition of the previous incident.

Itavi lowered his head expressionlessly, but Nilab, the person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial of the India Sector, was a little nervous. The India Sector had been developing all these years, but the losses had also continued. Especially during the actual training on Mars last year, they had actually suffered a huge loss.

“Don’t be nervous. You should be able to fulfill my conditions,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Firstly, it’s still the medical expenses. Itavi caused this war and bears direct responsibility for all the injured. There are a total of nine participants on our side. Itavi needs to compensate each of us for the medical expenses of 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

“Secondly, it’s the losses from the war. Itavi needs to compensate us with 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals for the temporary transit base.

“At the same time, the three-phase thermal bombs that were used to bombard the temporary transit base, as well as the bombs that were prepared to bomb the teleportation tunnel. The consumption of the three-phase thermal bombs is huge. Therefore, I need Itavi to compensate us with 60 three-phase thermal bombs of 100 kilograms…”

Before Xu Tui could finish his sentence, Itavi, who was sitting quietly and wanting to hear how Xu Tui would ask for too much, became angry.

He was really angry.

“I don’t have a three-phase thermal bomb. I’m a Supernatural Branch cultivator. Where would I get a three-phase thermal bomb? Besides, you only used five!” Itavi said angrily.

“That’s your business! As for the number, how can it be called compensation if it doesn’t double?” After saying that, Xu Tui knocked on the table. “Can I continue to state my requests? If I can, I’ll continue. If not, I’ll leave.

The moment Xu Tui said that, the gazes of the higher-ups of the Blue Star turned to Itavi. Under the powerful pressure, Itavi could only shut up. Fine, he had to listen to Xu Tui’s exorbitant demands first.

“60 three-phase thermal bombs. However, I can’t believe the quality of the things in the India Sector! If they create those things, they might explode before we can blast them out.”

As soon as he said that, both Itavi and Nilab had ugly expressions. However, they had no choice. This was an indisputable fact. The quality of the products produced by their alliance was famous for being… poor!

“Therefore, I request Itavi to provide me with the raw materials to make 60 three-phase thermal bombs and hand them over to the Huaxia Sector. At the same time, I will pay the production fee to the Huaxia Sector. I will obtain 60 three-phase thermal bombs from the Huaxia Sector,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, continue. We’re listening,” Raymont said.

“The third is compensation. As the culprit, Itavi needs to compensate each of us with 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals. He would compensate 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals to Madam Yanzi, who was still having nightmares.

“In addition, he had to give 10 Origin Crystal ability seal cards of Mr. Itavi’s famous ability, Fire Dragon Explosion. Of course, the Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Cards that everyone has compensated me have to be checked by my principal, Mr. Cai Shaochu, first. I will only accept them after I check that there are no problems,” Xu Tui said.

Raymont, who was in charge of the meeting, nodded slightly. He looked at Xu

Tui and asked, “Is there anything else?”

“I’m a very content person. That’s all. I don’t need an apology. If there was a chance, it was better to determine life and death. I think that the people that I

request compensation from will definitely want to kill me,” Xu Tui said with a smile. His smile was casual.

The others wanted to curse.

How could he just be content with such an exorbitant request?

Wasn’t this a bottomless pit?

“Mm.” Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, nodded. “After Xu Tui submits his compensation request, I’ll summarize.

“Xu Tui requested Mr. Haren for 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals and five Lightning Snake Origin Crystal ability seal cards.

“Xu Tui requested Mr. Ruan Tianzuo for 45,000 grams of Origin Crystals and five Fire Wing Slash Origin Crystal ability seal cards.

“Xu Tui requested Mr. Itavi for 120,000 grams of Origin Crystals, 10 Fire Dragon Explosion Origin Crystal ability seal cards, and 60 three-phase thermal bombs produced by the 100-kilogram Huaxia Sector.

After saying that, Raymont looked at Xu Tui. “Mr. Xu Tui, there are no problems with my conclusion, right?”

Xu Tui clapped his hands. “Mr. Raymont’s arithmetic is very good. It’s completely correct. ”

“Okay, then next, we’ll discuss whether these compensation terms are reasonable. For example, medical expenses, compensation, and your losses. After detailed and reasonable research, we will give you the final amount of compensation. I believe that you will be satisfied,” Raymont said.

As soon as he said that, Haren, Ruan Tianzuo, and Itavi heaved a sigh of relief. Just now, Xu Tui had asked for an exorbitant price. Now, it was their turn to bargain. If they really compensated according to Xu Tui’s request, they would probably lose their pants, especially Itavi.

120,000 grams of Origin Crystals was probably the annual income of the Africa Sector.

Xu Tui really dared to ask.

Raymont’s words were actually informing Xu Tui, not asking. However, Xu Tui spoke again as soon as Raymont finished speaking.

“Yes, I understand. However, Mr. Raymont, I have a few words to say before you start your research. Of course, the question I’m talking about is actually a good thing for the Blue Star. Can I?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course! This is your freedom,” Raymont allowed.

“Yes, it’s actually good news.” Xu Tui pressed on the table and stood up. “Before we came to the meeting, I finally received a message from my distant supplier. It’s the news of the merchant who supplied me with the quantum array core.” @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s voice paused for a moment, but the entire meeting hall instantly became extremely quiet. All of them were silent as they listened to Xu Tui’s voice.

The quantum array core was their most urgent need at the moment. The seven sectors and one organization urgently needed it! Many people smiled on the spot when they heard that Xu Tui had more.

However, some were happy, while others were worried. The expressions of Haren, Itavi, and Ruan Tianzuo, who were all old coins, changed drastically when they heard Xu Tui’s bombshell. They instantly realized something. If it was really like what they think, the three of them would probably be in trouble this time!

In the face of benefits…

“My supplier said that in view of my sincerity, he will provide me with another nine sets of quantum array cores that can pass through Planetary realm powerhouses for me to trade. The price was the same as before.

“The Blue Star is a large family. The Blue Star is a family! This was also the fundamental reason why I asked my supplier for nine sets of quantum array cores.

“My original plan was for the seven sectors and one organization of the Blue

Star to trade a set of quantum array cores. The other set was traded to the Blue Star Genetic Committee. I believe that Mr. Raymont also has this need for the development of the Blue Star Genetic Committee.”

At this point, Xu Tui suddenly spread out his hands. “However, it’s a pity that my Planet Spirit has suffered an attack. My and my subordinates’ safety are threatened! This made me angry. Very, very angry!

“To be honest, if you can’t give me a satisfactory explanation for the battle on Planet Spirit yesterday, I would rather cancel this transaction or cancel a portion of it! After all, we are a family of the Blue Star!”

Xu Tui laughed out loud as he spoke. These words were fake. Even Xu Tui did not believe them. However, everyone in the Blue Star, including Raymont, believed him. They all believed Xu Tui’s words about the quantum array core.

“How long? How long will it take to complete this transaction?” Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, was the most anxious.

“Seven to eight days, probably. In any case, we can complete this before the Sun Storm Plan officially begins! However, the current situation…

“Of course, it was only a small number of people who made a mistake. I could not kill the people of the Blue Star.

“How about this? It’s fine if the families that made me unhappy don’t pay, but I’ll temporarily disqualify them from trading this time. I’ll trade the quantum array core that I originally wanted to trade with them to the Huaxia Sector, the European Sector, and the Russian Federation. They should be able to buy it!”

Xu Tui raised his head after he finished speaking. He looked at everyone and said, “How about my suggestion?

In the venue, Haren, Itavi, and Ruan Tianzuo glared at Xu Tui with flames in their eyes. They wanted to swallow Xu Tui alive.

Xu Tui had raised this deal after he raised the compensation conditions. He wanted to use this deal to extort money from them.

It was too much! He’s awful! He was so bad!

The situation changed faster than they had imagined.

Before anyone could react, the person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial of the American Sector, Maiponeo, was the first to stand up. “Family of the Blue Star, the friendship within the Blue Star is worth more than gold! Yes, Mr. Haren had indeed done wrong. Here, on behalf of Mr. Haren, we will compensate Mr.

Xu Tui according to his request. Full compensation!”

As soon as these words were spoken, the venue was in an uproar!

Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo’s hands began to tremble because of Maiponeo’s stance.

What a scam!