Chapter 1197 - 1197: Someone Breaks Through

Chapter 1197: Someone Breaks Through

On the 2nd of August, Xu Tui leisurely strolled around the base with An Xiaoxue. Dust was flying three kilometers away from the base.

Another new temporary gathering base was quickly built under Ah Huang’s scale. However, this time, the materials used were all transported over from the Manut asteroid. It was very fast.

“Xiaoxue, I’m afraid we won’t be able to return to the Blue Star for a period of time,” Xu Tui suddenly said softly.

An Xiaoxue hummed softly. “I know.” After a pause, An Xiaoxue said, “Actually, it’s fine if I can’t return to the Blue Star. Other than the Research Institute Number 14, I have nothing else to worry about. It’s enough with you here. On the other hand, Auntie and Uncle are still on the Blue Star.”

Xu Tui’s parents were probably his greatest weakness. After leaving the venue yesterday, Xu Tui sent a few videos of him and An Xiaoxue to his parents through Cai Shaochu. He could be considered to have reported his safety. Old Cai also promised that he would send a video of the Blue Star over after he was done.

It was mainly because the Planet Spirit was too far away from the Blue Star. Not to mention real-time communication, even delayed communication could not be established for the time being.

“Don’t worry. I believe that both Huaxia and Principal Cai will take good care of my parents.”

“In the end, we have to go back and see Uncle and Auntie before we can be at ease. They can also be at ease, ” An Xiaoxue said.

“Don’t worry, it shouldn’t be long. When I have stronger combat strength, I won’t have to rely on the God Slaying Sword to fight or even kill a Planetary realm powerhouse. I’ll be able to return openly,” Xu Tui said.

In the meeting yesterday, other than offending enemies like Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and Haren, Xu Tui had also exposed more.

For example, the supplier of the so-called quantum array core. In the future, the Blue Sta’s seven sectors and one organization would probably think of ways to scheme against Xu Tui for the sake of the quantum array core.

After all, how could an additional set of quantum array cores be enough for them?

An Xiaoxue responded softly. She was about to say something when she suddenly stopped in her tracks. Far away, Yanzi, whose long fiery red hair was like waves, was walking toward Xu Tui with her long legs.

Before Xu Tui could react, An Xiaoxue said softly, “I’m going to cultivate.” She turned around and left. Xu Tui did not even have the time to stop her.

“Commander, thank you.” Yanzi stood in front of Xu Tui and stuck out her towering chest without restraint. She proudly displayed her figure to Xu Tui. She also glanced at An Xiaoxue, who was far away. There was a hint of provocation in her eyes.

“Why are you thanking me?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“Thank you for standing up for me. For you, you actually… I didn’t expect…

Xu Tui was a little confused when he first heard this. He felt that something was wrong when he heard it again.

Standing up for her? Did Yanzi think that he fought Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo to the death and used the three-phase thermal bomb to wash the ground for her?

This misunderstanding was a little big!

Xu Tui wanted to explain, but he did not know what to say. Wasn’t that right? Everything had happened because of Yanzi.

Just as Xu Tui was feeling worried, a stream of light suddenly descended from the sky. Bu Qingqiu appeared in front of Xu Tui. “What didn’t you think of?”

Bu Qingqiu casually added when she landed. Originally, she had something serious to do. However, the moment she turned around, she saw Yanzi’s deliberately towering chest. Bu Qingqiu bit her lip.

She was very unhappy. It’s fine if your chest is big, but why did you deliberately stand so high? So what if her chest was high?

Bu Qingqiu had never felt inferior about her ordinary chest. However, she could not stand seeing others raise her already tall chest.

Who was she seducing? You’re an alien woman. You can seduce anyone, but not the regiment commander.

“Where’s Xiaoxue?” Bu Qingqiu frowned.

“She just left.” Yanzi pointed into the distance. Her actions were turbulent.

Bu Qingqiu instinctively felt that Yanzi had angered An Xiaoxue away. She could not tolerate this!

“Yanzi, I heard that your Purple Flame True Fire is very powerful! Do you want to practice?” Bu Qingqiu suddenly looked at Yanzi’s towering chest and provoked her.

Yanzi had a clear understanding of her strength. With her strength, she could fight ordinary quasi-planetary experts. However, an existence at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm like Bu Qingqiu was still not enough.

She would not provoke her.

“No, my Purple Flame True Fire is still lacking if I want to injure you. I still need to train hard,” Yanzi said.

“Mm.” Bu Qingqiu nodded seriously. “The lethality of the Purple Flame True Fire of the Spiritual Race’s Fire Division is really very poor! I think you should switch to another ability. Do you want me to teach you?”

Xu Tui was a little confused. Miss Bu was here to ask him a question. Why was she fighting with Yanzi?

Yanzi and An Xiaoxue did not fight.

Yanzi had originally thought that she would admit defeat if she was inferior to Bu Qingqiu. However, Bu Qingqiu’s words were not only a little aggressive, but also a little hurtful. This was especially so in front of Xu Tui. Yanzi felt a little embarrassed.

“Don’t say that just because you have a high cultivation level. It’s not too late for you to say that when I break through to the quasi-planetary realm.” Yanzi was very angry, but she still had some rationality. She showed a little restraint.

“I’ll suppress my combat strength to the peak of the Transmutation Realm. Do you want to train?” Bu Qingqiu had a provocative expression.

“So be it!” This time, Yanzi could not take it anymore and agreed.

Xu Tui was stunned when he saw Yanzi and Bu Qingqiu walking toward the training ground. What was going on? Bu Qingqiu was here to talk with him. Before she could say anything, she started fighting with Yanzi.

Xu Tui thought about it and felt that it was better to take a look. He had just taken a step when he received a message from Ah Huang. “Xu Tui, Xiaoxue rushed to the training ground after receiving Bu Qingqiu’s message.”

“Xiaoxue rushed over too?” Xu Tui was stunned. He thought about it and felt that he should not go and watch the battle for the sake of his life. Bu Qingqiu should know her limits. This kind of thing was very difficult to begin with.

Xu Tui was afraid that he would not be able to withstand another woman disrupting the situation.

After Xu Tui raised the compensation conditions and trading plan at the venue yesterday, Maiponeo from the American Sector was the first to express his stance. He would compensate Xu Tui for the amount of his claim regarding

Haren.

All the compensation would be in place within a day.

Ruan Tianzuo and Itavi did not express their stance for the time being. However, Xu Tui did not say another word and left the venue. He asked to be released. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s benefits were also released. What happened next would depend on their choice.

“Guru, from the looks of it, we have to pay this compensation. Otherwise, not only will we not have a share of the nine quantum array cores that Xu Tui released this time, Xu Tui would also give our share to the other sectors. There was a high chance that he would give it to the Huaxia Sector.

“Moreover, if this matter could not end, it would be very difficult for us to obtain the quantum array core from Xu Tui in the future. So…” Nilab was worried!

“So… So, you want me to compensate him! 120,000 grams of Origin Crystals, materials for 60 three-phase thermal bombs, and 10 Origin Crystal ability seal cards! Do you think I have the treasury of the India Sector?

“If I really were to compensate him, I’m afraid I have to sell myself to be able to afford it!” Itavi was furious. In the live communication image, Itavi displayed his badly mangled face. “I’m so seriously injured. Who can I reason with? Why did I do that? For what? It was all for the greatness of the India Sector! But now, you want me to compensate him!

“Alright, I’ll sell myself to the American Sector and compensate him!” Itavi was also furious.

Nilab’s forehead was covered in sweat after being scolded by Itavi. “How can that be, Guru? It’s just a trend. You haven’t finished listening to me. I’ve discussed it with the Blue Star. Our country will help you pay half of the compensation.”

Hearing this, Itavi’s expression turned even colder. “Half! I’m not the one who needs the quantum array core!”

Nilab smiled bitterly. Indeed, no one could withstand huge benefits. “Guru, don’t be angry. I’ll fight for it in the country again. Actually, everything is for the greater good of our motherland, right?

“Look, the country will pay for the raw materials and exchange fees for the three-phase thermal bombs. Then, I’ll help you get 80,000 grams of Origin Crystals for 120,000 grams!

“Guru, you know the situation in the country. Actually, it was only because we had gained a lot from the development of the asteroid belt in the past half a year that the country could take it out. As for the 10 Origin Crystal ability seal cards, we are really…” Nilab said helplessly.

“Ten Origin Crystal ability seal cards. Even if you squeeze me dry, I won’t be able to make them in a few days.” Itavi had a dark expression.

Although he was still very angry and felt humiliated that he had to compensate 40,000 grams of Origin Crystals, he understood that this was already the limit of what the country could share with him.

“Lord Guru, you should be able to gather a few of your previous stock..” Nilab said.

After a while, Itavi let out a long sigh and could only nod. He had no choice. The key point of the quantum array core was in Xu Tui’s hands. What else could he do?

This was especially so since the Sun Storm Plan was about to begin. An additional set of quantum array cores meant that they could make the communication between one to two new planets extremely close. They could turn them into occupied territories that could be quickly and effectively controlled. Then, they could radiate and control the surroundings.

The strategic significance was too important!

At the same time, Ruan Tianzuo was also communicating with Wei Bin in real time. “Lieutenant Wei, can you talk to Xu Tui again and ask for lesser compensation? I really can’t take out that much.”

Wei Bin held a pen between his fingers and slowly turned his head. “Old Ruan, how can I open my mouth? I really don’t understand. Why are you helping Itavi?”

“I really didn’t help. I was just tailing Itavi to see what he wanted to do.”

“Then why didn’t you stop it?”

“Catch the thief and catch the loot.”

“But vou didn’t catch the thief in the end.”

“It’s because Xu Tui moved too quickly and did not give me a chance.” Ruan Tianzuo had a helpless expression.

“I can’t say anything about this, but you have to solve it as soon as possible! If you delay the Sun Storm Plan, including the subsequent acquisition of the quantum array core, I’m afraid the others will have a lot of opinions about you!” Wei Bin said.

“Or you can ask Principal Cai for help. He should be able to persuade Xu Tui,” Wei Bin said.

Ruan Tianzuo had a depressed expression. Look for Cai Shaochu? Would he dare to look for Cai Shaochu now?

He did not dare to!

“Lieutenant Wei, if I compensate, the share of the planet’s benefits will still count after the success of the future Sun Storm Plan, right?”

“Of course!”

“Then I’ll consider it…’

After hanging up, Wei Bin sneered and gave the general staff a few orders. “The general staff will sort out all the relevant actions of Ruan Tianzuo and his subordinates for the past ten years! I want to figure out how far Ruan Tianzuo and Itavi have gone!”

Planet Spirit!

It was said that although Bu Qingqiu had suppressed her strength in the battle between Yanzi and Bu Qingqiu, Yanzi had still been tortured. Fortunately, Bu Qingqiu still knew her limits. However, this made Xu Tui feel a little uncomfortable. Even though it was late at night, he was still sparring and studying tactics with Yan Lie, Wen Shao, and Qu Qingshan.

While he was researching, a powerful mind power aura suddenly soared into the sky from the first main base. It was like a wave that surged upward.

“Someone is trying to break through to the quasi-planetary realm?” Wen Shao was suddenly stunned!