Chapter 1190 - 1190: Fang (2)

Chapter 1190: Fang (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

An Xiaoxue stood quietly behind Xu Tui. She glanced at Yanzi and did not say anything. Bu Qingqiu took a step forward from afar and instantly arrived in front of Xu Tui.

“What’s going on? Why did you suddenly attack these two people? They are Planetary realm powerhouses sent by the Blue Star to participate in the operation, right? You even used so many three-phase thermal bombs to wash the floor?” Bu Qingqiu looked puzzled.

“Miss Bu, I’ll tell you when we’re done. Now, prepare for battle! All Transmutation Realm experts, retreat. Lock your auras on the four quasi-planets. If anyone dares to participate in the next battle, kill them.

There’s no need to hold back! Wen Shao will lead the command!”

Although Xu Tui had never liked Wen Shao, a sinister fellow like Wen Shao was more suitable for command on the spot than Qu Qingshan.

Wen Shao was slightly stunned. He immediately agreed loudly, “Transmutation Realm, follow me!” He flew in the direction of the four quasi-planets with more than ten Transmutation Realm experts. None of the Transmutation Realm experts hesitated.

The four shocked and confused quasi-planets were stunned. What exactly had happened?

“I’ll also participate in the subsequent battles between Planetary realm powerhouses. I think I can do it!” An Xiaoxue suddenly said.

Xu Tui nodded. “Yin Liu, Yin Sanping, Yin Liulong, you guys deal with Itavi! Yin

Ba, Bu Qingqiu, Spirit Queen, Lavis, you guys deal with Ruan Tianzuo. An Xiaoxue and I will provide long-range support! You’re not allowed to hold back. Kill them if you have the chance!”

Xu Tui’s voice was extremely calm. Bu Qingqiu’s expression changed amidst the commotion. Boundless mind power seeped out of Xu Tui’s body.

The light of the red fire slip trembled slightly, and a small mountain appeared. As golden light flickered, it turned into an extremely thick golden flying sword in just a breath and began to slowly accelerate.@@novelbin@@

As the flying sword circled, an extremely oppressive pressure spread out from the golden flying sword.

“Xu Tui, why go to this extent? What exactly happened?” Bu Qingqiu exclaimed.

Xu Tui turned around in shock. He stared at Bu Qingqiu expressionlessly and said, “Miss Bu, this is wartime!”

Bu Qingqiu’s body trembled. She was stunned! It was also at this moment that the mixed force field of the five three-phase thermal bombs finally began to dissipate. Two flames flew out of the remaining force field in an extremely sorry state. It could be seen that Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo looked extremely pathetic. Their bodies were in tatters. Itavi even lost an arm.

However, Ruan Tianzuo looked to be in a better state. He was only a little tattered and was not seriously injured.

These two people were indeed the strongest Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star below Cai Shaochu. They had powerful combat strength and powerful life-saving methods.

“Kill!” Without any hesitation, Xu Tui roared. An overwhelming attack blasted toward the two of them. The Mountain Sword circled around. It was not in a hurry to attack. However, Xu Tui’s multidimensional sword was circling at high speed, looking for an opportunity to attack.

“Xu Tui, what are you doing? Are you rebelling?” Ruan Tianzuo roared angrily. “Rebel?” Xu Tui sneered. “Are you my master? Are you worthy?”

“We’re all from the Blue Star and the Huaxia Sector. How can you do this?” Ruan Tianzuo, who had just escaped from the mixed force field of the three-phase thermal bomb, was in a bad state. At this moment, he was being surrounded by Yin Liu. He was in a sorry state.

“Oh, you still remember that we’re from the Huaxia Sector! Then how could you do this?” Xu Tui roared angrily. The Mountain Sword that was circling suddenly disappeared. In the next moment, it appeared an inch in front of Ruan Tianzuo’s heart and maintained a high speed.

Quantum entanglement energy teleportation.

“F*ck!” Ruan Tianzuo exclaimed. He could sense the powerful aura that this sword carried. The golden wings of fire appeared again. However, this time, it made Ruan Tianzuo’s entire body turn golden. Ruan Tianzuo’s fingertip tapped on Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword at lightning speed.

The golden light shattered.

Ruan Tianzuo’s fingers and arms disintegrated inch by inch under the bombardment of the Mountain Flying Sword. However, this finger also gave Ruan Tianzuo precious time to avoid his vital points.

After the Mountain Sword shattered Ruan Tianzuo’s right hand, it pierced through Ruan Tianzuo’s left chest, leaving a huge bloody hole.

“Ah!” Ruan Tianzuo let out a pain-like scream. “Xu Tui, how dare you? How dare you kill me?”

“I even dared to collude with foreign enemies. Why wouldn’t I dare?” Xu Tui roared.

Xu Tui’s gaze relaxed slightly. In the end, Bu Qingqiu still followed his orders and did not forcefully argue.

This was also their greatest gain tonight.

Behind him, An Xiaoxue rubbed her hands gently. As her mind power surged, an inexplicable Dimensional Explosion suddenly appeared in front of Itavi, causing him to stagger.

Bu Qingji’s Water Attraction Technique was instantly like a silkworm cocoon that surrounded him layer by layer. Flames surged all over Itavi’s body, making him look like a fire person.

A second later, Itavi escaped. However, the price was an additional huge hole in Itavi’s chest and abdomen, and he lost a leg.

Yin Ba, Lavis, and the Spirit Queen were not for show. This was especially so for the Spirit Queen. Her combat strength was actually extremely powerful.

Itavi was about to go crazy! He had never been so severely injured in all these years. “Old Ruan, risk your life! If you don’t, we’ll all die here today!” As Itavi roared, he suddenly let out a terrified scream. The flames on his body collapsed crazily.

It was like the fire shadow that had shrunken. However, he was still a little too slow. The moment he shrank, Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword suddenly slashed past his head. It was only because Itavi suddenly became alert and shrunk a little. If not, Xu Tui’s sword could take away a third of his head. It would have taken his life.

However, Itavi still dodged Xu Tui’s fatal blow.

The moment his head turned into a fire shadow and shrunk, Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword only took away one of his ears and half of his face.

“Ahh…!” Amidst his miserable screams, Itavi took out a card. The fiery blood that he spat out from between his cheeks surged into the Origin Crystal Energy Sealing Card and turned into a huge firepower. With just a turn, the Spirit Queen, who was wrapped around his head, was sent flying. Her entire body was charred black.

However, at this moment, Itavi was once again severely injured by others.

The battle instantly became white-hot. The severely injured Ruan Tianzuo was completely dumbfounded. He did not expect Xu Tui’s reaction to be so unyielding. It was simply beyond his imagination. He had only tested it out, but he was going to risk his life!

He was going to kill two Planetary realm powerhouses!

However, more importantly, Xu Tui seemed to have the ability. Up until now, the sword light that Xu Tui had used to kill a Planetary realm powerhouse had not appeared.

Ruan Tianzuo could not make up his mind.

This matter was too complicated and huge! Fight to the death with Xu Tui? So what if he won? If he won, how could he pass the test of the Huaxia Sector?

Kill Xu Tui? How should he deal with the Sun Storm Plan? How could he get the quantum array core?

A series of key factors appeared in Ruan Tianzuo’s mind. Ruan Tianzuo’s heart was in a mess and he could not make up his mind. However, even though Ruan Tianzuo’s thoughts were chaotic, he would definitely not wait for death.

The huge golden wings instantly flapped. Ruan Tianzuo soared into the sky and instantly left the battlefield.

Xu Tui, who was standing on his sword, narrowed his eyes slightly.

Ruan Tianzuo’s strength was stronger than he had imagined. Just his speed alone was very powerful. Also, these golden wings included his previous life-saving methods. It was more like a Dao or Dharma, not a Technique or Weapon!

There was no genetic ability chain that could support such an ability in all the records.

The four quasi-planets were being watched by the dozen or so Transmutation Realm experts led by Wen Shao. They did not dare to move. However, this did not prevent them from sending a message.

Just as the battle was underway, another bolt of lightning suddenly rushed out of the underground teleportation Base of the first main base.

Haren, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the American Sector, exploded out of the tunnel and appeared in the sky. He only looked at it for a moment before he roared.. “Stop! Stop!”