Chapter 1195 - 1195: The Root Of The Sword Is Huaxia (2)

Chapter 1195: The Root of the Sword Is Huaxia (2)

This meant that a student’s pure heart would be thrown into the torrent of deception in the world. Then what price would they have to pay?

Xu Tui slowly sat down in his seat in the second circle. “Have you discussed it? My side is already prepared. They will bring the fleet to evacuate Planet Spirit at any time and find a planet to be the chief.” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui even greeted Cai Shaochu, “Principal, give me a few female students when you have the chance. I have a few bachelors over there. They are not interested in intergalactic love.”

Cai Shaochu pretended to be angry and did not say a word. However, he was overjoyed.

This annoying guy had finally… graduated!

In the end, it was Rayxmont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, who spoke. “Xu Tui, after you left, we studied and analyzed it carefully again. We then asked Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and Haren again. We felt that our previous conclusion was indeed inappropriate.

“At the very least, from Mr. Itavi’s actions, he had indeed endangered your subordinates and even threatened the safety of your members. Your reaction is normal! We could confirm that they had done something wrong.

“According to the rules of the Blue Star, if you did something wrong, you have to apologize and compensate. Tell me what kind of compensation you want. As long as it’s within a reasonable range, we can support you.” At this moment, Raymont spoke as if he was very fair. However, Xu Tui felt disgusted.

He was a politician through and through. He could actually make a mistake sound so grandiose, from an unintentional mistake to a compensation for a mistake.@@novelbin@@

This might be Xu Tui’s least favorite expression. However, from now on, Xu Tui had to join this sequence. Still, Xu Tui still felt that he would be different. Even if he had to be a politician, Xu Tui had to be a politician like a sword.

“Compensation? You want me to state my conditions, right?” Xu Tui interlocked his fingers and laughed.

“Of course, it’s a reasonable compensation condition,” Raymont emphasized.

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that. He extended three fingers. “There are three people who came to participate in the battle. The consequences of their actions will affect us differently. Therefore, I will make different compensation requests for these three people.”

The Planetary realm powerhouse from the American Sector, Haren, suddenly froze. “No, I went to stop the fight. I was just stopping the conflict. You shouldn’t ask me to compensate you, right?”

At this moment, Haren felt very wronged. If not for him, this conflict would have been even greater. Why would he have been included in the compensation list?

“If you hadn’t interfered, Itavi would have been dead! I wouldn’t be sitting here and applying for compensation now. Instead, I would be having a celebration!” Xu Tui raised his head and stared coldly at Haren.

Itavi, who was sitting at the conference table, instantly had an ugly expression.

A dead person! Did Xu Tui fall out with him in person? He was really… young!

All the participants present were shocked. They were not shocked by Xu Tui’s tone, but by what he had said.

Would Itavi be a dead person? In other words, did the pioneer raiders already have the strength to fight two powerful Planetary realm powerhouses and kill one of them?

Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo were very strong. It was impossible to kill them without three to five powerful Planetary realm experts.

Haren could also see the surprise of the other higher-ups. “It’s just a probability! In my opinion, even if I don’t interfere, Xu Tui and the others will most likely not be able to stop Mr. Itavi.”

Xu Tui only sneered and did not say anything. The atmosphere in the venue froze again. There was a high chance that he would not. This meant that even an expert like Haren had to admit that Xu Tui was already very strong. He had the strength to kill Itavi.

Then…

“Did our negotiation fail again? I didn’t even have the chance to make a request for compensation? Why don’t we disperse? I don’t have time to argue with you. Then, everyone, see you again.” While everyone was still thinking in shock, Xu

Tui stood up. He was about to leave when Xu Tui greeted Cai Shaochu again, “Principal, I’ll leave first.”

Xu Tui’s appearance immediately made many people anxious.

The people from the European Sector, Huaya Sector Seven, The Myth, the American Sector, and the India Sector were all anxious. He could not leave. The Sun Storm Plan had successfully aroused all of their greed.

The seven sectors and one organization will monopolize the solar system. This temptation was great. However, Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, was even more anxious. He slammed the table.

“Mr. Haren, no matter what, let’s listen to Xu Tui’s request first before we discuss if this compensation request is reasonable. How about that?” Raymont shouted.

Haren looked depressed. If Xu Tui had to ask him for compensation, it meant that he had done something wrong. No matter how much he asked for, he still had to compensate him a little.

However, at this moment, even the extra-terrestrial person-in-charge of the American Sector, Maiponeo, was stopping Haren with his gaze. The meaning was clear as day.

He had to endure it first! If he interpreted it further, Maiponeo meant that so what if he made way? It was fine to compensate Xu Tui a little.

The big picture was more important!

Haren was depressed. At this moment, all the people present were looking at him, asking him to take a step back. What else could he do other than retreat? However, a mouthful of depression kept circling in his heart.

He was extremely depressed!

“Xu Tui, state your compensation request. We will consider it within a reasonable range after you are done,” Raymont said.

“Sure.” Xu Tui sat down again. Pretending was also one of the abilities of a politician. “Mr. Haren attacked our side without knowing the reason. He injured Bu Qingqiu, Yin Ba, the Spirit Queen, Lavis, and Yin Sanping. Bu Qingqiu and the Spirit Queen were even seriously injured. Therefore, he had to compensate five people for their medical expenses.

“The slightly injured Yin Ba, Lavis, and Yin Sanping will each receive 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals. The severely injured Bu Qingqiu and Queen Ling will each receive 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals,” Xu Tui said.

Haren’s mouth opened wide. Damn it, was this compensation? This was a robbery! He could clone these people a few times for 5,000 or even 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals per person. He could treat all kinds of injuries.

However, in the end, Haren could only keep his mouth shut under the gazes of many people.

He would listen first, then bargain!

“This is the medical expenses. In addition, Mr. Haren still needs to compensate us for the war losses and the participants for the loss of 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals. In addition, in order to compensate my five subordinates, Mr. Haren also needs to compensate us with five of his famous ultimate technique, the Lightning Snake Origin Crystal Ability Sealing Card.”

After Xu Tui finished speaking, Haren’s eyes widened. There was more! Damn it, was he being tricked as the main perpetrator?

However, everyone’s gazes indicated that he should listen first. Haren became even more depressed.

“Yes, continue.” Raymont was still very calm.

“The second compensation target is Mr. Ruan Tianzuo! He injured my subordinates, Yin Liu, Yin Wushu, and Yin Liulong. I also expended a lot of energy in the battle. Moreover, Mr. Ruan Tianzuo was also one of the main people responsible for causing this battle. He directly disregarded the rules set by the Blue Star and invaded my main base.

“Therefore, Mr. Ruan Tianzuo needs to compensate 5,000 grams of Origin

Crystals per person for the medical expenses. Then, he needs to compensate 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals for the losses in the war. This is mainly the cost of the destruction of the temporary transit base.”

Ruan Tianzuo could not sit still before Xu Tui could finish his sentence. Damn it, was he here to rob him again?

“The temporary transit base was clearly destroyed after you washed the ground with a three-phase thermal bomb. What has it got to do with me?” Ruan Tianzuo said angrily.

“If it weren’t for you, would I need to wash the floor with a three-phase thermal bomb? Tell me, if you don’t pay, who will?” Xu Tui retorted. Ruan Tianzuo was instantly speechless.

It made f*cking sense!