Chapter 1194 - 1194: The Root Of The Sword Is Huaxia (1)

Chapter 1194: The Root of the Sword Is Huaxia (1)

As they were communicating instantaneously through the quantum teleportation channel, Cai Shaochu’s virtual projection quickly caught up to Planet Spirit.

Xu Tui was waiting quietly in the quiet room that Ah Huang had opened. He knew that Cai Shaochu would definitely chase after him.

Xu Tui suddenly felt a little ashamed when Ah Huang informed him that Principal Xu Tui was chasing after him. Was he also a little scheming? Had he evolved from a hot-blooded student to an old coin? “Even if I become an old coin, I’m still a hot-blooded old coin!

Xu Tui opened the door and welcomed Cai Shaochu’s virtual projection in. “Principal!”

Cai Shaochu waved his hand and did not say anything. Instead, he walked to the window. This meeting room was considered the tallest building in the main base. It was a three-story room with the best view.

It could overlook half of the main base and the distant mountains.

“When you said to leave completely just now, were you scaring them, or were you prepared to take it seriously?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“Both! If they don’t have an attitude, then I’ll be serious,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu turned around and stared at Xu Tui. He looked at Xu Tui for a few seconds before he suddenly smiled. “It looks like you’ve really graduated.” “Are you planning to fly alone?” Cai Shaochu asked again.

“Not entirely, but I have some thoughts.” Xu Tui was silent for a few seconds. He slowly organized his words and said, “Principal, I’ve been thinking a lot recently. I’ve thought a lot and figured out a lot of problems, especially what you told me last time.”

“Tell me, what are you thinking about?”

“Humans don’t know much about the alien world, but the Blue Star is very likely to be the strangest planet. The small Blue Star had hundreds of countries. In the end, it evolved into the current seven sectors and one organization. Most importantly, every family was filled with geniuses.

“This directly turned the Blue Star into a huge vortex. There was help, but there were more constraints. If I jumped in, it would probably be difficult for me to jump out again. Why don’t I become a sword outside this vortex?” Xu Tui said. “Become a sword? Whose sword?” Cai Shaochu turned around like a whirlwind and stared at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s lips moved, but he did not say anything. However, Cai Shaochu’s aura suddenly became extremely sharp. “Answer me, Xu Tui. Whose sword is it? You have to answer!”

Even if it was a virtual projection, Cai Shaochu still had a terrifying aura when

he was angry.

Xu Tui was not afraid at all. He had a fierce expression and widened his eyes. He looked straight at Cai Shaochu and said, “My sword, I am this sword! I am the sword! However, the root of this sword is called Huaxia!”

Cai Shaochu’s fierce expression suddenly turned into a smile. “Good! Good!

Good! The sword is yours, but the root of the sword belongs to the Huaxia

Sector! This is the answer I want to hear the most!”

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that. “Principal, I thought the answer you wanted to hear was that the sword is from the Huaxia Sector.”

“The attributes of the sword are Huaxia. How can it be from the Huaxia Sector? Remember, the foundation of Huaxia is us Huaxia people! As long as you, I, and my thousands of compatriots are here, Huaxia is here! Wherever we are, Huaxia is there!”

Xu Tui nodded heavily. Cai Shaochu had told him this in the past.

“I haven’t thought about it yet, but if I’m unhappy, I’ll find a planet to be the chief,” Xu Tui said.

“Heh, Chieftain? Do you want me to send some female students over?” Cai Shaochu said angrily.

“That’s possible! Yan Lie and the others will definitely be very happy.”

“Scram! Slaughter those guys for me later. The more ruthless the better. Also, we can’t let Ruan Tianzuo off. Speaking of which, we have to thank you. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have realized that Ruan Tianzuo has such a close relationship with Itavi. Our Huaxia Sector can cooperate with you,” Cai Shaochu said with a smile.

“Principal, I don’t need your cooperation. I want to try my saber. After all, I’ve graduated. I want a graduation gift,” Xu Tui said with a smile. “Actually, I have a better idea for a graduation gift.” Cai Shaochu’s eyes suddenly lit up.

A few minutes later, Cai Shaochu’s virtual projection dissipated with a laugh.

“Ah Huang, get Plan D ready.”

“Understood.”

“Yin Liu, Yin Ba, Lavis, Miss Bu, pay attention to the movements of Haren, Itavi, and Ruan Tianzuo at all times. As long as anyone approaches the first main base, attack with all your might!

“If you really have the chance, it doesn’t matter if you kill him! Ah Huang, if Haren, Itavi, and Ruan Tianzuo have any movements towards the first main base, there’s no need for a warning. Just use the three-phase thermal bomb.”

“Understood.”

“Alright, send me there.”

Two minutes later, Xu Tui’s virtual projection appeared at the meeting of the higher-ups of the Blue Star again. However, this time, the atmosphere of the meeting was different. Before this, the atmosphere of this high-level meeting was actually relatively relaxed.

Most people, including Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, had the attitude of giving alms. Xu Tui was just a student. They just had to give him some benefits and honor. How could it be troublesome?@@novelbin@@

However, it was different now.

The atmosphere was very depressing.

Suddenly, some people understood why Xu Tui had told Cai Shaochu that he was about to graduate..