Chapter 1191 - 1191: Killing Intent And Conversation

Chapter 1191: Killing Intent and Conversation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Stop, all of you stop!”

The moment Haren roared angrily, Itavi, who was covered in blood and had half of his face missing, said resentfully, “Xu Tui has completely betrayed the Blue Star Humans. Kill him!”

Itavi hated Xu Tui to the core. He really hated him to the core. He was seriously injured and threatened like never before. Itavi wished he could kill Xu Tui with his own hands. Of course, he would keep Xu Tui’s mental body for interrogation after he was killed.

He had to kill Xu Tui.

This was the realization that Itavi had at this moment. His potential was too powerful. It was not only his strength, but also his charm. The people from the Worldly Pioneer Raiders were actually listening to Xu Tui. This made Itavi feel a strong threat.

Xu Tui was only at the Transmutation Realm now, but he could already injure him and Ruan Tianzuo, two Planetary realm experts. What if Xu Tui’s cultivation broke through to the quasi-planetary realm?

What if he broke through to the Planetary realm?

Itavi seemed to see another Shang Long. No, he might even be stronger than Shang Long. The current Xu Tui looked a little like Cheng Fengxi back then.

He had suppressed the experts of the other sectors until they could not breathe and could only obey. Many of the punishments for the India Sector back then had come from Cheng Fengxi. Itavi was a little afraid.

Once Xu Tui completely grew up, with his current performance, even if he was not a figure like Cheng Fengxi in the future, he would still be an existence like Shang Long.

This was something that neither he nor anyone else wanted to see.

Itavi believed that Haren should be on the same side as him. Therefore, the moment Haren appeared, Not only was Itavi talking, but he also immediately sent a voice transmission to Haren’s consciousness. “This child has infinite potential and will be extremely dangerous in the future. He can already injure me. It’s best to take this opportunity to kill him!”

Haren’s pupils constricted slightly. Itavi’s words shocked him. However, looking at the sorry states of Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo, Haren still believed them.

But taking this opportunity to kill Xu Tui? Haren was still very hesitant. There were too many uncertainties in this matter. Most importantly, Xu Tui was very important to the Sun Storm Plan that they were currently planning.

However, Haren was also very interested in Itavi’s suggestion.

Half of the reason why the Huaxia Sector had been so dazzling in the past year or two was because of Xu Tui.

But then again, the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization had already jumped out of the small circle of the Earth, Moon and Phobos. If there was internal strife…

There was a high chance that the Huaxia Sector would not fall out with them after they killed Xu Tui. However, Cai Shaochu would definitely fall out with them.

At this moment, Haren thought about many things, but he did not stop. He spread out his fingers and lightning poured down. The Spirit Queen, who had just stood up, was blasted to the ground again. Lavis and Bu Qingqiu were also sent flying.

Itavi instantly escaped. Under normal circumstances, Itavi, who had escaped, should have quickly left the battle. After all, he was seriously injured.

However, the moment Haren made a move to escape, Itavi revealed a ferocious expression. His entire body instantly turned into a flame that blasted towards Bu Qingqiu, who had been injured by Haren.

He actually wanted to take the opportunity to kill Bu Qingqiu and weaken the power under Xu Tui. His intentions could be said to be extremely vicious. An Xiaoxue glared at him. “How dare you! ”

The Dimensional Explosion exploded continuously on the way to Itavi to stop his attacks. However, An Xiaoxue’s strength was still there. It was fine to cause trouble for Itavi, but it was not enough to hurt a Planetary realm powerhouse like Itavi.

“Old thief, how dare you!” Xu Tui roared angrily. He took advantage of the opportunity that An Xiaoxue had fought for to slash at Itavi again.

The severely injured Itavi was very crazy. His strength had almost completely erupted. This time, Itavi, who had unleashed his full strength, was prepared to unleash his true strength. Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword was easily dodged by him even though he used Energy Teleportation.

He was even closer to Bu Qingqiu.

On the other hand, with the sudden attack of a Planetary realm powerhouse like Haren, Bu Qingqiu was still in a state of shock and had not recovered.

Xu Tui’s gaze instantly became extremely dark. In the next moment, the Mountain Sword disappeared again.

Energy teleportation!

However, this time, the Mountain Sword that appeared after it disappeared had become a palm-sized mountain that instantly approached Itavi.

Itavi was about to dodge again when Xu Tui’s small mountain suddenly became larger. It pressed down and slammed into Itavi’s body.

Boom!

The moment Itavi’s body tilted from the impact, the small mountain exploded again. Itavi’s body froze. He was not injured much, but his momentum was blocked.

Xu Tui had bought Bu Qingqiu and the others precious time to recover.

Bu Qingqiu had already recovered from Haren’s lightning. Yin Liu, Yin Ba, Lavis, Yin Liulong, Yin Wushu, Yin Sanping, the Spirit Queen, and Bu Qingqiu gathered in a fan-shaped formation to defend.

Itavi still wanted to launch an attack, but he suddenly felt an inexplicable palpitation.

In the distance, a dark-colored sword light suddenly rose above Xu Tui’s head. The sword light swayed, and his aura was uncertain. However, the expressions of Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo changed drastically.

This should be the mysterious method that Xu Tui had used to kill an ordinary Planetary realm expert and knock out the Planetary realm expert of the Spiritual Race, Lei Hong.

The seven sectors and one organization had studied Xu Tui’s mysterious method for a long time. Most of them were inclined to think that it was a one-time-use method that could not be replicated.

However, at this moment, the dark-colored God Slaying Sword appeared again.

This time, even without Xu Tui slashing out, they could sense a huge threat from the aura of the sword light.

Both Ruan Tianzuo and Itavi began to retreat faster than a rabbit. Not only did they retreat far away, but they also activated all kinds of defenses.

Killing intent!

At this moment, they already understood that Xu Tui really had the intention to kill. If they had handled the situation slightly worse just now, Xu Tui might have really killed them

They were afraid!

Xu Tui’s dark-colored God Slaying Sword could knock out the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Spiritual Race, Lei Hong, with one strike. At the same time, it could also knock them out.

They were really afraid!

Xu Tui was also hesitant. His God Slaying Sword only had the power of one strike. He could only kill one with one strike. If he slashed out, it would be gone!

Suddenly, Xu Tui realized that he was not ruthless enough. He should have been more ruthless. For example, he should have used the God Slaying Sword to kill Itavi at the start of this conflict. As long as he could hit it, even if he could not kill Itavi, he could severely injure him.

Then, they would surround and annihilate Ruan Tianzuo. However, with the speed and strength that Ruan Tianzuo had displayed just now, he might not be able to surround and annihilate them.

Now, there was Haren. Xu Tui narrowed his eyes. This situation was not easy to break.

At the thought of this, Xu Tui suddenly thought of something. He had been too careless. He should have closed the temporary quantum teleportation channel the moment the battle started. Then, Haren would not be able to come over. There was really a possibility of killing Itavi.

Xu Tui had not thought about it thoroughly just now. However, it was not too late now.

“Ah Huang, extract the energy of the temporary quantum teleportation channel immediately. Stop the energy injection and close the teleportation channel,” Xu Tui ordered.

Ruan Tianzuo and Itavi did not say anything, but Haren’s expression changed. He shouted at Xu Tui, “You’re not allowed to turn it off. How dare you! ”

He moved and was about to rush towards the quantum teleportation tunnel underground. However, before he could move, he realized that the five three-phase thermal bomb launchers in the main base had already aimed at the quantum teleportation tunnel underground.

“Try charging forward! At most, I’ll destroy them all.” Xu Tui sneered.

Haren did not dare to move. If Xu Tui really destroyed this transit quantum teleportation channel because of his provocation, the Sun Storm Plan would be completely over. He, Haren, would become a sinner of the Blue Star and the American Sector.

Internally, the American Sector was looking forward to the Sun Storm Plan. Once the Sun Storm Plan was completed, the American Sector would welcome a high-speed expansion.

In the future, it might be an interstellar empire!

Who wouldn’t be tempted?

Haren did not dare to charge toward the base where the underground quantum teleportation tunnel was. However, his gaze suddenly turned toward Xu Tui. It was a little sinister. If the matter could not be resolved, they could also solve the problem by dealing with the person who caused this.

He had to kill Xu Tui. Thick malice was transmitted to Xu Tui through the passive resonance of his spiritual resonance.

Haren had already wanted to kill Xu Tui. Xu Tui sneered. Indeed, neither Haren nor Itavi were good people. Ruan Tianzuo, who colluded with external enemies, deserved to die.@@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui was not afraid at all.

The Small God Slaying Sword slowly flickered above his head. He raised his head and provoked Haren, “Come, why don’t you try! Let’s see if your lightning is faster or my sword is faster!”

Xu Tui sneered as he held Tri Ling Ding in his hand. The pure mind power that he had stored in Tri Ling Ding’s body was rapidly replenishing the mind power that he had consumed. Even though he had the God Slaying Sword, Xu Tui was already prepared for the worst.

Haren did not dare to move as he was locked onto by Xu Tui’s aura. He did not dare to take the gamble.

Under normal circumstances, the God Slaying Sword in Xu Tui’s hand had the status of a nuclear bomb a hundred years ago. It was more of a deterrent.

However, a young man like Xu Tui could not be asked with common sense. Just like today, they had fought over a small probe and almost killed the two Planetary realm powerhouses, Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo.

Ruan Tianzuo was from the Huaxia Sector. What if he was impulsive again? Haren did not dare. If he really made Xu Tui attack on impulse, he would be the idiot who took the hit for Itavi.

Haren glanced at Ruan Tianzuo and Itavi, who were lying far away. He instantly understood that these two cowards were a little afraid of Xu Tui’s sword.

Perhaps Xu Tui’s sword could not kill them, but no one dared to take the risk.

There was a precedent, Lei Hong!

And he was not stupid! He turned his gaze and frowned. Haren looked at Xu Tui, who had locked onto him with the God Slaying Sword. He forced a smile on his bearded face.

“Xu Tui, what are you doing? When there’s a conflict between the Blue Star family, we could discuss a solution. Why are we fighting to the death?” Haren smiled.

“Is that so? My people were almost killed by you!” Xu Tui was no longer a three-year-old child.

“There was a misunderstanding just now.” Haren smiled. “By the way, can you tell me what happened?”

“Hypocrite!” Xu Tui cursed. Haren might have already known the cause and effect of the matter. The speed of mental communication was very fast.

Xu Tui already understood that he could not kill him. Actually, Xu Tui wanted to kill Itavi, this old coin. Killing him could be considered as killing the traitor, Black Hole, and eliminating harm for the Blue Star humans.

But now, he could not.

He had to think of another solution.

“Xu Tui, the temporary transit planet where the quantum teleportation channel is requested to establish communication and ask what happened.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

“Tell them that I want to have a collective conversation with the higher-ups of the Blue Star. I want an explanation for tonight’s accident! Otherwise, I would rather destroy this temporary quantum teleportation channel and Planet Spirit,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood. I’ll contact them now.”

After saying that, Xu Tui looked at Haren. “As for all of you, stay away from my main base, if you don’t want to risk your lives.

Haren had no choice but to nod and slowly fly out of the range of the first main base.

“Ah Huang, prepare the Hunter fighter jets. Be prepared to evacuate Planet Spirit at any time! Everyone, retreat to the first main base. Spirit Queen, come in too.”

What happened next would depend on the attitude of the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization..