Chapter 1192 - 1192: Preparation And The Worst Preparation

Chapter 1192: Preparation and the Worst Preparation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, the emergency high-level meeting organized by seven sectors and one organization on the Blue Star is already in place at the last minute. As long as you, Ruan Tianzuo, and Itavi join, they said that we can start immediately.” Ah Huang’s voice woke Xu Tui up from his meditation.

It was 3:30 a.m. on the 2nd of August. Only half an hour had passed since the battle with Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others.

The Blue Star was still very efficient in the face of such an emergency.

This was especially so for the quantum array core that Xu Tui had given Cai Shaochu. It had already completed the strengthening of the quantum teleportation channel between the Moon and Mars.

Just like the temporary quantum teleportation channel on Planet Spirit, the cooldown time for Planetary realm powerhouses was 24 hours, while the cooldown time for quasi-planetary powerhouses was one minute.

However, when a Planetary realm powerhouse passed through and the quantum fluctuations began to fluctuate, quasi-planets could not pass either.

The meaning of this strengthening was epoch-making for the Blue Star. This was because in this way, a rapid passage had been formed between Manut,

Mars, and the moon. They could teleport hundreds of quasi-planets in a day. There was at least one Planetary realm.

It made the short-term defense a reality. At the same time, it greatly changed the predicament of not having enough experts on the Blue Star.

In the past, Planetary realm powerhouses had to be assigned to guard the Moon and Mars of the Blue Star, and even Phobos. But now, they could connect two places.

Other than that, it also brought about more convenience. In the past, the headquarters could only move once on the moon. It consumed too much time. It would take at least four months to travel from the Moon to Mars. The round trip would take more than half a year.

If anything happened during this, they would be in big trouble. But it was different now.

Under such circumstances, because of the Sun Storm Plan, the command centers of the various sectors had already moved to Mars in a short period of time.

For example, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont, was even more radical. He wanted his headquarters to migrate to the Manut asteroid.

However, he had not established a fast transit channel with the Blue Star for the time being, so Raymont’s radical idea was called a halt.

The Blue Star was the most fundamental.

Therefore, the Blue Star were trying to obtain more quantum array cores. If they could build one or two quantum teleportation channels between the Moon and the Blue Star, the Blue Star and Manut, the Blue Star would really have nothing to worry about.

However, at this moment, even though he had not contacted Xu Tui, the higher-ups of the Blue Star were in an uproar.

It was still on the same scale as before.

In the Blue Star’s alliances, other than The Myth and the Genetic Committee, the other seven sectors had a person-in-charge and a Planetary realm powerhouse participating.

The Planetary realm powerhouses from the American Sector and India Sector, Haren and Itavi, were temporarily absent.

The virtual projection meeting was still waiting for Xu Tui to enter the meeting. Due to the fact that the matter today involved the Huaxia Sector, the India Sector, and the American Sector, the host of the meeting naturally became the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont.

Raymont had a serious expression as he waited for the feedback and signal from Planet Spirit to connect.

However, a minute later, Raymont’s face stiffened. “Xu Tui has sent over the cause and effect of the conflict on Planet Spirit, including a portion of the recording. He wants us to discuss it first. He would join the meeting in three to four hours. He said that he hoped to receive a satisfactory explanation.

“Otherwise, he would directly destroy the temporary quantum teleportation channel, destroy Planet Spirit, and hide in the depths of the starry sky. He would become a… celestial chieftain in peace!”

Raymont’s expression froze.

Actually, many of the people present had come to denounce Xu Tui for blocking the quantum teleportation channel without permission.

Wasn’t this ruining the Sun Storm Plan? Of course, the most important thing was that to a certain extent, Xu Tui was insignificant. Xu Tui did not have the power to make them wary. Therefore, they had to denounce him!

However, Xu Tui’s letter gave them a reminder. It seemed that the situation was developing in a direction that they were unwilling to see and could not control.

“Publicize the details of the incident and then study it.” Cai Shaochu rubbed the space between his brows tiredly.

He did not expect this to happen. Actually, Cai Shaochu and Wei Bin had already expected Itavi to cause trouble in the past.

However, considering that Ruan Tianzuo was restraining Itavi, he was not worried. Neither Wei Bin nor Cai Shaochu had expected Ruan Tianzuo to be Itavi’s accomplice. If the incident that Xu Tui provided was completely correct, then Ruan Tianzuo deserved to die.

Cai Shaochu was very angry. However, he could not come to a conclusion before he heard Ruan Tianzuo and Itavi’s self-report.

In Cai Shaochu’s opinion, Xu Tui did not have the need to use this matter to make a fuss or even frame Ruan Tianzuo. It was even more impossible for him to lie to him in the urgent news that he had received in private.

Then there was a high chance that this incident was true.

In that case, some factors in the entire Huaxia Sector had to be considered.

In the past, Ruan Tianzuo was restless. That was because of his personal desires. However, if he had the intention of joining forces with Itavi, then…

After the incident on Planet Spirit was publicized, the members of the Blue Star did not speak actively.

“Isn’t that a little too much? It was just a slight peep, but Xu Tui was already so furious. He used the three-phase thermal bomb to cleanse the ground and even threatened to destroy the temporary quantum teleportation channel. It went overboard, right?”

“I think that Xu Tui’s explanation is appropriate. After all, it’s only one-sided.

Mr. Raymont, we need an objective narrative of the entire matter from Mr. Itavi, Mr. Ruan Tianzuo, and Mr. Haren. Then, we can make the basic judgment,” Nilab, the director of the India Sector’s Genetic Committee, said.

Nilab’s suggestion immediately obtained the support of most people. They immediately began to communicate with Planet Spirit.

Half an hour later, they received a self-report of the situation from Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and Haren.

After reading the explanations of the three of them, he immediately smiled and said, “Look, I was right. Xu Tui was too nervous and overreacted. There was a misunderstanding, right?”

“Look, Mr. Itavi just thinks that the woman from the Spiritual Race’s Fire Division is very beautiful and wants to interact with her. This was Mr. Haren’s style. I didn’t expect Mr. Itavi to have such a flirtatious side.” Huang Gu, a Planetary realm powerhouse from Sector 7 of Huaya, expressed his opinion. He immediately welcomed a wave of laughter.

Men all had a curious heart. Everyone could understand if they wanted to sleep

Before this, Itayi was not as flirtatious as Haren.

However, this was normal. In this world, there were many men who were cold on the outside but passionate on the inside.

Cai Shaochu’s expression was still dark. Ruan Tianzuo’s explanation made sense. He noticed Itavi’s movements, but he did not know what Itavi wanted to do, so he used his strength to tail him from afar.

He did not expect that when Itavi secretly peeped at Yanzi from the Spiritual Race’s Fire Division, who was taking a bath, this alien woman’s scream would trigger Xu Tui’s powerful attack.

Five seconds later, he was affected. Xu Tui’s three-phase thermal bomb began to wash the ground. Next, he was completely at a loss. He did not understand why Xu Tui was so crazy. He even wanted to kill them.

Haren’s statement was relatively neutral. When he arrived, Xu Tui was commanding all the forces under his command to surround and annihilate Ruan Tianzuo and Itavi. Ruan Tianzuo had already escaped, but if he did not appear or attack, Itavi might really be killed.

In that case, the worst outcome of this conflict would be the death of the strongest Planetary realm powerhouse in the India Sector, Itavi, and the injury of the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector, Ruan Tianzuo.

The India Sector would suffer the most losses. Therefore, they subconsciously looked at Cai Shaochu and Wei Bin, including Raymont. They instinctively or subconsciously thought that this incident on Planet Spirit was most likely a conspiracy between Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and Wei Bin.

It was to greatly weaken the power of the India Sector.

After the incident, all the responsibility could be pushed onto Itavi or even Xu Tui. The Huaxia Sector could not take any responsibility.

“This is a conspiracy! This is a conspiracy against us!” Nilab protested angrily after forming an opinion.

Cai Shaochu and Wei Bin did not explain too much. Was it useful to defend himself when such a conspiracy theory was formed?

It was useless!

At the same time, there was no point in arguing. The situation became a little complicated. It was very troublesome to involve Xu Tui and the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Huaxia Sector, Ruan Tianzuo.

Soon, with this so-called conspiracy theory as the foundation, the higher-ups formed a basic consensus.

This was a misunderstanding. It was because of the misunderstanding caused by Itavi’s lecherous actions. Since it was a misunderstanding, he would explain it clearly. As for the conspiracy theory, he could just mention it to intimidate the Huaxia Sector. If he really wanted to deal with this matter with a conspiracy theory, he would not be able to deal with it.

After all, fundamentally speaking, the Blue Star was extremely eager to carry out the Sun Storm Plan.

Once the Spiritual Race’s forward base was breached, the solar system would become a hunting ground for the Blue Star. This hunting ground was very large, enough for the Blue Star to split the benefits.

This was especially so for Sector Seven, the European Sector, the American Sector, and the India Sector. Their desire was extremely strong.

It was also because of this mentality that the unified theory of the seven sectors and one organization was to get the Planetary realm powerhouse, Itavi, who had made a mistake, to apologize to Xu Tui and the pioneer raiders.

Yes, the kind that apologized in person!

Getting a person like Itavi to apologize to Xu Tui in person was already extremely high treatment. In addition, he would give some material compensation. 3,000 grams of Origin Crystals was about enough.

After all, both sides did not suffer much damage.

In addition, he would give Xu Tui the position of second-in-command of the Sun Storm Plan. At the same time, he would be given the rank of major general in the name of the Blue Star Genetic Committee.

Yes, they would also allocate a batch of living supplies to the Planet Spirit, such as cigarettes, wine, delicacies, and so on. That was all the hobbies of the Blue Star humans.@@novelbin@@

Basically, the higher-ups of the Blue Star came to a conclusion in two hours.

Then, they waited for Xu Tui to attend the meeting and end this accident. They would continue with the Sun Storm Plan. They were just a little anxious from waiting. It took them four hours to receive news that Xu Tui was about to participate in the meeting.

To be honest, they were all busy people. Time was extremely precious. However, for the sake of the Sun Storm Plan, they could only wait.

What a waste of time!

On Planet Spirit, Xu Tui woke up from his deepest meditative sleep.

Four hours of deep sleep had restored Xu Tui’s mind power, which had been depleted to 15%, to 60%.

He already had the confidence to fight again. The others were the same because of the four hours of rest. Restoration was the fundamental reason why Xu Tui had to delay participating for four hours.

That was because Xu Tui was preparing for the worst.

“Ah Huang, connect to the signal!” Xu Tui rubbed his face and stood up..

Sorry for the inconvenience. Thank you very much!