Chapter 1199 - 1199: Array Core Supplier?

Chapter 1199: Array Core Supplier?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The first question is the most important. This girl’s mental body had not accumulated enough. She should have forcefully broken through, right? This was the fundamental reason why her fluctuations were unstable and cracked when they fused with the world. It was because her mental body had yet to reach it. A supernatural being’s mental body was very important.

“That girl is not bad. Her mental body is so powerful that even I am envious,” Ruan Tianzuo said as he glanced at An Xiaoxue. However, he was a little talkative. Xu Tui was unhappy and anxious when he heard that. @@novelbin@@

“Get to the point. How do we solve the problem?”

“Other than cultivating mind power and time to slowly strengthen the mental body, you can only use those treasures that can increase the origin of the mental body, such as the Spiritual Race’s Silver Box of Spirit.

“One or two of them can solve her problem—”

Ruan Tianzuo’s eyes widened. He was stunned. He had the urge to curse. Could he be any richer?

He only gave a plan that he thought Xu Tui would not be able to solve. The Silver Spirit Box was too precious. He had only obtained two of them after paying a huge price for more than ten years.

But so far, he has only used one. He had kept the other.

He had to save his life! The Silver Spirit Box was one of the few treasures in this world that could repair the injuries of a mental body. Ruan Tianzuo could guarantee that he would not take out the only Silver Spirit Box he had. Even if his father needed it, let alone his son and grandson.

That was his life-saving treasure.

However, Xu Tui had given one to an alien woman.

It was really…

Xu Tui immediately had a new problem. He had given her the Silver Spirit Box, but Yanzi did not seem to have the time to absorb it.

“She can’t absorb it. How can we solve it?” Although Xu Tui already had an answer in his heart, he still asked Ruan Tianzuo again.

The knowledge and experience of a Planetary realm powerhouse was not for show. It was not too much to say that it was priceless.

“Because she forcefully broke through, all the power in her body is on the verge of collapse. She can’t mobilize any power. It had to be someone she trusted extremely. He would slowly send the power of the Silver Spirit Box into her body and she would naturally absorb it. However, he could not scare her. Once we scare her, it will cause her rare balance to be broken on the spot and her breakthrough will completely fail..

In the next moment, Ruan Tianzuo was stunned again. He saw that a thin silver mist had already flowed out of the Silver Box of Spirit that Xu Tui had thrown into and slowly entered Yanzi’s head.

Yanzi’s aura actually stabilized at a visible speed. Xu Tui actually took action himself.

So powerful? So tough? Wasn’t he afraid that this girl would be frightened? Ruan Tianzuo was stunned.

Ruan Tianzuo did not know that Xu Tui and Yanzi had undergone such a mental fusion thousands of times.

Strange? Frightened?

Not at all!

In less than ten minutes, a Silver Spirit Box was completely absorbed by Yanzi with Xu Tui’s help. The moment she absorbed all of it, Xu Tui looked at Ruan Tianzuo. “What’s the situation now?”

“You should be able to sense it yourself. Her aura has already begun to stabilize and is compatible with the world. It has no longer gathered or dissipated. However, this was only stable. It was only normal. Whether or not she could break through depended on the accumulation of other aspects.

“However, with this Silver Spirit Box as a foundation, even if this girl fails to break through, her mental body will be very limited even if it is damaged,”

Ruan Tianzuo said.

“How can I increase her success rate?” Xu Tui asked.

“The Silver Spirit Box! At this moment, only this thing is useful. If there are one or two more, it should be able to greatly increase her success rate of breaking through… Oh, f*ck!” While they were talking, Ruan Tianzuo cursed, “Kid, did you sleep with her or do you want to sleep with her? Why did you try so hard?”

That was because at this moment, Ruan Tianzuo saw Xu Tui throw in two more Silver Boxes of Spirit. He activated them and asked Yanzi to start absorbing them.

At that moment, Ruan Tianzuo was a little envious of Yanzi. If Xu Tui gave him three Silver Spirit Boxes, it would not be a big problem for Xu Tui to sleep with him.

If Xu Tui was willing.

“Shut up.” Xu Tui glared at Ruan Tianzuo. He was afraid that Ruan Tianzuo’s words would affect An Xiaoxue, who was breaking through. If that really happened, Xu Tui would have the urge to kill Ruan Tianzuo.

Fortunately, An Xiaoxue’s aura fluctuation was very stable.

Fifteen minutes later, before Yanzi could finish absorbing the two Silver Boxes of Spirit, An Xiaoxue’s aura suddenly disappeared in the distance. Xu Tui was shocked. The moment she disappeared, An Xiaoxue’s aura returned. However, the aura that returned became grand and profound.

An Xiaoxue had successfully broken through!

“Xu Tui, get that girl to quickly cultivate. Absorb as much energy as she can within a day or two after she breaks through. It would be best if she had Origin Crystals! This was the time when her strength increased the fastest.

“Moreover, when absorbing energy, it is best to continuously try to reproduce the feeling of fusing one’s aura into the world. Slowly, she will understand why quasi-planetary was called quasi-planetary.

“It’s best to give her 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals to absorb. That way, it’ll be easiest for her strength to stabilize.”

“Alright.”

“My words are a gift.” Ruan Tianzuo chuckled.

Xu Tui relayed Ruan Tianzuo’s words to An Xiaoxue. An Xiaoxue returned to her room to cultivate.

As for Origin Crystals, it was not a problem.

Xu Tui had given An Xiaoxue 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals for her daily cultivation a few days ago after he had made a sum of money through the trading volume. An Xiaoxue still had at least 20,000 grams on her.

It was definitely enough!

Xu Tui still had some if it was not enough.

A few minutes later, Yanzi, who had finished absorbing two more Silver Spirit

Boxes, finally had the strength to speak. “What a waste. What a waste. Three

Silver Spirit Boxes. Commander, what a waste.”

“Indeed, I also think it’s a waste! Give me one. I’ll pay 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals to accept it.” Ruan Tianzuo interrupted.

“Old Ruan, it looks like you’re very rich! I don’t have to waive the compensation, right?”

Ruan Tianzuo’s expression changed drastically. “You can’t go back on your word. Compensation and buying are two different matters! Two different matters!”

“Look at how scared you are. You have the aura of a Planetary realm powerhouse, okay?” Xu Tui looked down on Old Ruan. “Old Ruan, you had a second question when you broke through just now. Tell me now.”

“The first question I mentioned just now can only guarantee that she has a

certain chance of success. More importan tly, after her mental body is powerful, it will not be destroyed after her breakthrough fails! Now, even if she failed to break through, she would at most suffer a slight backlash.

“However, if you want her to completely break through, you have to satisfy another condition,” Ruan Tianzuo said.

These words made Xu Tui and Yanzi look sideways at the same time, especially Yanzi. She became a little anxious after seeing Xu Tui pay a huge price for her.

“Don’t scare me all the time. My grandfather said that once I can break through, breaking through will be a matter of course,” Yanzi said.

“Then your grandfather must have said that you have to wait for you to accumulate it and not forcefully break through? You have to break through at least two years later.”

Yanzi was instantly speechless. Her grandfather had reminded her like this.

“Moreover, according to my observations, you shouldn’t be an ordinary member of the Spiritual Race’s Fire Division! There aren’t many people in the Spiritual Race’s Fire Division who have purple flames. It was said that several of the people who had this purple flame were elders of the Sanctuary. Your grandfather is an elder of the Sanctuary?” Ruan Tianzuo asked.

Ruan Tianzuo was taking the opportunity to get information out of Yanzi. Far away, Itavi and Haren, who had been paying attention, shifted their gazes.

Yanzi’s grandfather was a Sanctuary elder of the Spiritual Race. Furthermore, he was someone who was proficient in purple flames. Yes, alright. They now completely knew who the supplier of Xu Tui’s quantum array core was.

It must be Yanzi’s grandfather.

Judging from Xu Tui’s investment in Yanzi previously, Yanzi was very important. At that moment, Itavi was a little relieved. He had gained something from the humiliation. At the very least, he already knew who the supplier of Xu Tui’s quantum array core was from today.

Yanzi’s grandfather!

In that case, Yanzi, this alien woman, was very, very important.

In an instant, all kinds of thoughts and schemes appeared.

Ruan Tianzuo chuckled under Xu Tui’s angry gaze. He had gained a lot. However, he still immediately said, “Her purple flames are a higher-level power. I don’t know what the Spiritual Race is doing.

“Under normal circumstances, when breaking through to a higher level of power, one had to naturally have such a higher level of power. That way, it would be easier to resonate with the world and obtain the replenishment of this power. Unfortunately, for now, I could sense that Planet Spirit did not have this power.

“Therefore, it will probably be a little difficult for her to completely break through, especially with this purple flame as the main force.”

“What’s the success rate?”

“About forty percent. It might be less.”

“Less than 40%?” Xu Tui frowned. “Old Ruan, are you saying that as long as she has the replenishment of this purple flame, her success rate of breaking through will increase greatly?”

“That’s the theory. In the words of the School of General Senses, in a place with such purple flames, the original quantum frequency of these purple flames can resonate and assist her. It will greatly increase the success rate of her breakthrough. That means to say that those that are instantiated can do it

too…”

In the next moment, Ruan Tianzuo’s eyes widened. Wisps of purple flames appeared out of thin air around Yanzi and continuously gathered. “Oh, f*ck!” In a few seconds, it gathered around Yanzi into a small sea of purple flames.

Yanzi was also stunned! She looked at Xu Tui in a daze. She did not understand how the purple flames were produced. However, she understood that it was definitely related to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s mind power aura was very obvious on the purple flames.

“What are you waiting for? Break through quickly! I can’t last long,” Xu Tui shouted.

Yanzi quickly restrained her mind and continued to break through.

Ruan Tianzuo, including Itavi and Haren, were completely shocked. Of course, these three people were not stupid. They could naturally tell that this was an ability of Xu Tui’s School of General Senses.

However, wasn’t Xu Tui’s School of General Senses too powerful?