Chapter 1198 - 1198: Double Breakthrough And Condition

Chapter 1198: Double Breakthrough and Condition

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

While Wen Shao was exclaiming in shock, Xu Tui’s mental perception spread over like a tidal wave. He instantly discovered the source of the aura.

“It’s Xiaoxue. Xiaoxue is breaking through!” After being stunned for a second, Xu Tui first looked at the temporary gathering base a few kilometers away.

Itavi, Haren, and Ruan Tianzuo were there.

The movements here could not be hidden from these three Planetary realm experts.

Would these three people come and cause trouble? It was hard to say.

Xu Tui now understood that he could not make a desperate prediction of the actions of a Planetary realm powerhouse. His strength and greed would change

a lot.

“Ah Huang, the three-phase thermal bomb launcher is in preheating mode, right?”

“Yes.”

“Order the first and second fighter jets to take off. All of you, bring small yield three-phase thermal bombs and lock onto the temporary gathering base. As soon as there are any abnormal movements, immediately launch a barrage of three-phase thermal bombs. There must be no accidents regarding Xiaoxue’s breakthrough,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood.” Almost as soon as Ah Huang finished speaking, its voice suddenly tightened. “Xu Tui, someone is coming from the temporary transit base. It’s Ruan Tianzuo and Haren!”

“Warning, order them to stop approaching immediately.”

“Yes!”

Ten seconds later, Ruan Tianzuo and Haren stopped two kilometers away from the outer wall of the main base and four kilometers away from An Xiaoxue’s breakthrough point. This was not a safe distance.

“Everyone, enter battle preparations. All Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realms, enter the southeast and prepare for battle until An Xiaoxue successfully breaks through!”

Streams of light instantly shot up. In less than 30 seconds, an artificial isolation belt was formed between An Xiaoxue and Ruan Tianzuo, who had come to watch the commotion from afar.

At this moment, Xu Tui also arrived in front of An Xiaoxue. He grumbled, “Xiaoxue, why didn’t you tell me about your breakthrough in advance? Why are you suddenly breaking through? Didn’t we agree to break through together when our 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain is at or close to completion?” Xu

Tui was a little anxious.

An Xiaoxue, whose aura was rising around her, had a quiet and peaceful expression. Her long ponytail fluttered like snow from the impact of her mind power. “I want to break through as soon as possible! If I break through, I will definitely be able to fight a quasi-planetary expert and threaten a Planetary realm expert. In that case, you will have a much easier time in the future.” Xu Tui had nothing to say. Xiaoxue was so sensible that his heart ached.

“Ignore them.” An Xiaoxue, who was breaking through, glanced at the two Planetary realm powerhouses in the distance and said, “Observe the process of my breakthrough carefully. I should be able to give you a reference. Let’s see if you can be more stable or improve more when you break through.”

“Mm.” Xu Tui nodded slightly. He took out a Silver Spirit Box and threw it in.

“Take it. You can use it now.”

“I don’t think I need it.”

“Based on the experience of the Spiritual Race, using a Silver Spirit Box when breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm will make the breakthrough more stable and smooth.”

“Okay!”

Xu Tui’s mental perception slowly enveloped An Xiaoxue as he watched her begin to absorb the Silver Spirit Box. At the same time, he used his microscopic perception to observe the process of her breakthrough.

There was a lot of mind power aura that landed on An Xiaoxue. Many of Xu

Tui’s members from the Worldly Pioneer Raiders were also observing. Just as An Xiaoxue had said, this was a very good reference process. This was especially so for An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui. Their cultivation directions were the same to a certain extent.

Although both Mr. Ji and Mr. He had given him relevant experience and Old Cai had also mentioned it, everyone’s breakthroughs from the Transmutation Realm onwards were different. He still had to experience the mysteries himself.

“The mental body seems to have developed a certain rhythm with a certain frequency in the world?” Xu Tui closed his eyes and sensed. “Resonance?

Compatibility? It seems…”

In an instant, Xu Tui thought of the Dharma and Dao that Cai Shaochu had mentioned. Could it match certain original quantum frequencies when breaking through? Or the so-called Dao and Dharma? Was this the source of some powerful abilities that a quasi-planetary or Planetary realm powerhouse could obtain?

This was especially so for the powerful Planetary realm. Look at Ruan Tianzuo. Not only was his golden Fire Wings extremely handsome, but they were also extremely powerful. They were fast and had fierce attacks.

Xu Tui knew very well that these abilities were not brought about by the genetic ability chain. In that case, breaking through was very important.

“Xiaoxue, it’s best to focus on the Dimensional Ability Chain that you majored in previously. Try your best to slow down the process of breaking through,” Xu Tui reminded.

An Xiaoxue did not speak. She only blinked slightly to indicate that she understood. Almost at the same time, Xu Tui sensed another different quantum frequency fluctuation from An Xiaoxue. This quantum-frequency aura fluctuation was even more mysterious. However, it was stronger than the fluctuations in this world, and the resonance seemed to be deeper.

Xu Tui could sense that this resonance seemed to be able to extend into the depths of the universe.

At that moment, he suddenly understood.

Just as Xu Tui was deep in thought, another powerful wave of mind power suddenly soared into the sky 800 meters away. It brought with it waves of purple flames that surged like waves. Another person broke through?

It was Yanzi!

Xu Tui opened his eyes and could not help but smile bitterly. Did they have to be at the same time?

They would all focus on breaking through in a day.

Xu Tui did not rush over when he realized that Yanzi was trying to break through. Instead, he continued to protect An Xiaoxue. He quietly watched An Xiaoxue break through and sensed all the changes in her breakthrough.

At the same time, he was also a little happy.

After An Xiaoxue broke through, her combat strength against the entire pioneer raiders had increased greatly. Not only could An Xiaoxue easily deal with a quasi-planet, but she also had the possibility of severely injuring the other party.

Even attacking a planetary realm from afar would also be extremely lethal.

If Xu Tui, who had the God Slaying Sword, could be considered to have the combat strength to deal with a Planetary realm, then Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders would now have three Planetary realm combat strength.

What did that mean?

Currently, there are only three Planetary realm powerhouses in the Africa Sector.

From this point of view, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders could be considered a party. This was also the reason why Xu Tui dared to arm-wrestle Itavi and the others. If he did not have the strength to protect himself, he would be courting death if he relied on certain conditions to threaten him.

When the plan was almost implemented, he would be turned around and crushed to death by these wolf-like existences.

Xu Tui suddenly frowned. He could not help but look in Yanzi’s direction. The aura fluctuation over there suddenly trembled.

There was a difference between rhythm and trembling.

Three seconds later, the trembling appeared again.

Five seconds later, it trembled again.

This time, Xu Tui could no longer sit still. His mental perception instantly landed in Yanzi’s direction.

In the purple smoke screen, Yanzi’s eyes were tightly shut. Her curved brows were constantly trembling. Through the purple smoke screen that she had brought with her breakthrough, Xu Tui could vaguely sense that the aura in Yanzi’s body seemed to be a little chaotic.

It was the kind that went up and down. It was also fluctuating and extremely unstable.

“Yanzi, what’s your situation now? What kind of help do you need?” Xu Tui asked.

Yanzi’s beautiful brows trembled. She glanced at Xu Tui and wanted to say something. However, her aura trembled again at that moment. It made it very difficult for her to speak.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows.

Bu Qingqiu’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “I’m sorry, Xu Tui. Perhaps my battle with her previously stimulated her. As a result, she also forcefully broke through when Xiaoxue broke through. I actually knew my limits previously.” Bu Qingqiu’s voice was filled with self-reproach.

Xu Tui roughly understood Yanzi’s situation. This was because An Xiaoxue had broken through. Yanzi also wanted to break through, so she started to forcefully break through. Unexpectedly, she did not accumulate enough.

In comparison, An Xiaoxue’s aura was very stable.

After all, the effect of Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s bitter cultivation over the past half a year was comparable to years or even ten years of bitter cultivation.

“Yanzi has only broken through to the Transmutation Realm for a year and a half. Although she has also been cultivating bitterly for the past year, her accumulation is still lacking.” By the side, Lang Ju, who had also rushed over after Xu Tui arrived, was also worried.

“What are the consequences of failing to break through forcefully?” Xu Tui asked.

“If you fail to break through forcefully, you will be injured at best, your mental body will be injured, and at worst, your mental body will be damaged. The relevant genetic ability chain will be damaged or even… collapse!” Lang Ju’s expression was ugly.

This probability was hard to say!

Xu Tui’s expression instantly became very ugly. This was because the consequence of the collapse of the genetic ability chain was… death! @@novelbin@@

“Miss Bu, do you have a way to solve the problem? Can you let her break through successfully?” Xu Tui asked.

Bu Qingqiu’s expression was also very ugly. She was only a quasi-planetary, especially one from the School of General Senses. She really did not understand the problem of a Spiritual Race like Yanzi breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm.

Xu Tui’s brows furrowed even more. He tried to contact Yanzi, but she seemed to be at the most critical moment. He could not divert his attention to communicate with her.

Just as Xu Tui was frowning, Ruan Tianzuo, who had been watching from afar, moved forward.

Ah Huang’s mechanical warning immediately rang out. “Ruan Tianzuo, this is your last warning. If you dare to approach me again, I will immediately execute the indiscriminate bombardment in the predetermined program.”

Ah Huang’s warning caused Haren to retreat into the distance. He was afraid that he would be implicated by Ruan Tianzuo. The three-phase thermal bomb launchers and the hunter fighter jets in the first main base all locked onto Ruan Tianzuo.

“He’s really… cautious! ” Ruan Tianzuo smiled bitterly. He had no choice but to shout at Xu Tui from afar, “Xu Tui, I can help you solve this girl’s problem. I know how to help her break through.”

Xu Tui suddenly looked at Ruan Tianzuo. “Are you that kind?”

“I have a condition.”

“Speak.”

“My compensation is waived! There are so many Origin Crystals. I have to go bankrupt to compensate you. The two of them have help. I don’t have anyone to help me.” Ruan Tianzuo was filled with frustration when he said this.

He had no choice but to take the opportunity to try. After all, knowledge was wealth! 45,000 grams of Origin Crystals was not a small sum to him.

Xu Tui looked at Yanzi, then at Ruan Tianzuo. He thought for a moment, then nodded. “Sure.”

At the side, Yanzi naturally heard the conversation between Ruan Tianzuo and Xu Tui. She blinked anxiously, but she could not speak. She had used all her strength to guide and inject her aura. It was actually very difficult for her to even open her mouth.

45,000 grams of Origin Crystals. This was a considerable amount of wealth in the Spiritual Race. How could he waive it just because of a few words?

Xu Tui agreed so readily, but Ruan Tianzuo hesitated. “Xu Tui, let me ask you again. I’ll leave a video as evidence.”

Xu Tui could not help but glance at Ruan Tianzuo when he heard that. Damn it, Old Ruan, you’re also a Planetary realm powerhouse.

He was actually afraid that Xu Tui would go back on his word. However, time was tight. Xu Tui was not willing to argue with Ruan Tianzuo.

“Can you be a little more confident? As long as the suggestion you gave is correct and there are no traps, I guarantee that your Origin Crystal compensation will be waived. Tell me quickly!” Xu Tui urged.

“Alright, if this girl wants to successfully break through, there are two problems that need to be resolved.” Ruan Tianzuo was overjoyed..