Chapter 1193 - 1193: Graduation And Gift

Chapter 1193: Graduation and Gift

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Four figures suddenly appeared in the virtual conference room with the Manut asteroid as the main venue.

These four figures were Itavi, Haren, Ruan Tianzuo, and Xu Tui.

Itavi and Haren were regulars at this high-level meeting. They immediately found their seats and sat down. As a Planetary realm powerhouse, Ruan Tianzuo also found his seat on the oval conference table.

Xu Tui found his name tag in the second circle of the oval-shaped meeting.

Xu Tui was the only one in the second circle. The light and shadow spread out.

Xu Tui slowly walked to his table. However, he did not sit down immediately. Instead, he looked around the venue and sized it up.

The higher-ups participating in the meeting were a little stunned. Under their gazes, Xu Tui’s virtual projection suddenly left the table and slowly walked behind Cai Shaochu. Then, he began to straighten his clothes.

Actually, there was no graduation ceremony.

However, Xu Tui still tidied up his actually perfect virtual image in front of everyone and Cai Shaochu.

This was a ceremony!

Cai Shaochu was stunned at first, but he immediately reacted. He pulled out a chair and adjusted the disciplinary button in the middle of his mountain suit. He adjusted the corner of his sleeve and stood in front of Xu Tui seriously.

In the next moment, Xu Tui bowed deeply to Cai Shaochu in front of all the higher-ups of the Blue Star. He bowed 90 degrees. He slowly stood up after bowing for three seconds. “Principal, from today onwards, I’ve graduated! Thank you for your teachings and help over the past year. I’ve benefited greatly!”

Cai Shaochu, who was solemn, smiled. “You’re allowed to graduate!”

Cai Shaochu took a light step forward and personally tidied up Xu Tui’s collar, buttons, and sleeves. Even though Xu Tui was a virtual projection, Cai Shaochu was extremely serious when he tidied up.

“Xu Tui, from today onwards, you’ve graduated. You will step into society and undergo tempering. You are not my most outstanding student yet, but I believe that after you undergo tempering in the future, you will be my most outstanding student.

“There are no gifts for you on your graduation day. I only have two sentences for you. The first sentence is, remember, the principal will always be your principal. Huaxia will always be your home.”

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he heard that. “Principal, I’ll remember that.

Principal, you will always be my principal. Huaxia will always be my home.”

“The second sentence is also the reason why you are allowed to graduate. The enemy that is killed is the best enemy! You can actually be more ruthless!”

The expressions of all the higher-ups of the Blue Star changed slightly when they heard Cai Shaochu’s words, especially Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo. Their expressions were a little unnatural.

Was Cai Shaochu saying that Xu Tui was not ruthless enough and had not killed them?

Xu Tui was stunned. He also smiled and nodded heavily.

“The enemy that has been killed is the best enemy! Principal, I’ll remember this. I’ll remember your teachings in the future,” Xu Tui said.

“It’s good that you remember. Go.” Cai Shaochu waved at Xu Tui, then turned around and sat down.

Xu Tui bowed 90 degrees to Cai Shaochu again. He stood up, then turned around and returned to his seat in the second row. He slowly sat down.

At this moment, the higher-ups of the Blue Star present had an indescribable strange feeling.

It seemed…

“Alright, since everyone is here, the meeting will officially begin.” The head of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont, presided over the meeting. He glanced at Xu Tui as he spoke.

Xu Tui nodded expressionlessly. The meeting had officially begun.

“Xu Tui, let me first officially convey a decision from the Blue Star Genetic

Committee to you. Previously, when you abducted the captives of the Spiritual Race, the Blue Star determined that you were a traitor based on the information at that time.

“However, we later realized that you had indeed saved the members of the pioneer raiders and did not betray the Blue Star. Therefore, after the decision of the expansion meeting of the Blue Star, your contributions will be publicly announced. At the same time, you will recover all your previous identities.

“Then, according to your contribution points, I’ll add a portion of the rewards, including a portion of the rewards for the members of the pioneer raiders under you,” Raymont said.

To be honest, Raymont and the others felt that Xu Tui would be very happy when he heard this news.

However, in reality, Xu Tui only nodded slightly. “I understand.”

There was not even a thank you. This made Raymont a little depressed. He had wanted to use this announcement to ease the atmosphere.

The meeting could only continue.

“Xu Tui, before you came, we received detailed reports from Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and Haren about the battle on Planet Spirit. We also received the final results. To be honest, your pioneer raiders are the victims in this matter. However, it has to be said that your reaction is a little too extreme.

“Of course, they would definitely apologize to you! This is the truth of the incident that we have compiled based on all the intelligence! Then, this is the final decision of the higher-ups of the Blue Star!

“The most important thing was that the Planetary realm powerhouse of the India Sector, Itavi, would apologize to you in person! Of course, there were other clauses. If you have any other requests, you can also raise them in person. We will definitely satisfy them if we can. After all, you are the one who is injured.” Raymont said this sincerely.

If one did not look at the incident itself, just based on Raymont’s attitude and reaction, he had really lowered his attitude.

At the conference table, Itavi’s old face instantly changed. The current virtual projection has the ability to display expressions.

However, the fact that Itavi’s true body was missing half of his face was not displayed. To be honest, Itavi was also very angry. He had almost died and had lost half of his face. Now, he had to apologize to Xu Tui in person.

It was simply..

But then again, if he could press the matter down like this, it would be good from the perspective of a scheming person.

Xu Tui flipped through the meeting records and looked at the final outcome. He smiled as he flipped through them. His smile was cold!

After flipping through the report, Xu Tui suddenly closed the meeting records and stood up. “If that’s the case, there’s no need to hold this meeting. Goodbye, everyone! Wouldn’t it be f*cking good if I randomly found a planet to be a planet chief? Why am I stupid to come here and suffer with you?

“Everyone, bye! By the way, you’d better withdraw the people guarding the other end of the temporary quantum teleportation channel. Ten minutes later, a three-phase thermal bomb will destroy it, it’s best to prevent it from affecting you. ”

After saying that, Xu Tui’s figure instantly disappeared and he took the initiative to leave the venue.

Raymont was stunned. Everyone was stunned! No one had expected such an outcome. Xu Tui did not even want to talk about it. He just broke up with them and stopped playing.

This was not going according to what they wanted!

Everyone present was a sly old fox. They were all scheming fellows. They would be fools if they purely believed the words of Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo. Did they believe that Itavi had fought Xu Tui to the death to peep at an alien woman before being washed away by Xu Tui’s three-phase thermal bomb?

Everything was a political necessity!

They were just here for benefits. However, they imagined Xu Tui as the same politician. However, Xu Tui’s actions were a little like that of a swordsman. Without saying a word, he pulled out his sword and escaped!

Xu Tui left immediately. The higher-ups were not too flustered. On the contrary, most of them looked at Haren, Itavi, and Ruan Tianzuo.@@novelbin@@

“Mr. Haren, please give a fair evaluation. Does Xu Tui have the determination and ability to destroy the temporary quantum teleportation channel immediately? Is what he said about leaving Planet Spirit completely a threat or is it true?” Raymont took the initiative to ask.

Haren was stunned for a few seconds. He thought about Xu Tui’s various actions, then nodded. “Yes! Definitely!”

All the participants frowned. “Then, Mr. Haren, do you have the ability to stop Xu Tui and the others?”

“Have some shame!” Cai Shaochu suddenly said coldly.

Raymont changed his usual clay Buddha state and responded to Cai Shaochu head-on, “Everything I did was to let the Sun Storm Plan continue. The Blue Star had used so much manpower and resources for this plan. They could not let it go just like that! Of course, I’m just talking about a possibility.”

Cai Shaochu stared coldly at Raymont and did not speak again.

Under everyone’s gazes, Haren thought for a while and thought about it. Then, under everyone’s expectant gazes, he shook his head! “I can’t stop it!”

As soon as he said that, Maiponeo became a little anxious. “Mr. Haren, what if the three of you join forces?”

“Join forces?” Haren glanced at Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo and shook his head again.

It was very likely that Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword would severely injure or kill one of them, especially if they took the initiative to stop Xu Tui from destroying the quantum teleportation channel. Under the impact, the probability of being hit by Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword would increase greatly.

Then who would die? Who was willing to die? No one was willing! At their level, others could die, but they could not! Therefore, after some thought, Haren shook his head.

This time, the expressions of all the higher-ups present instantly changed. All of them became very ugly.

“Gentlemen, we have news from the quasi-planetary of Planet Spirit. Xu Tui has already begun to take action. He seems to have plans to give up on Planet Spirit,” Maiponeo said.

Raymont became anxious. He looked at Haren again. ‘Mr. Haren, actually, you can try?”

“It’s too late.” Maiponeo shook his head. “There’s information from the quasi-planet over there. The five three-phase thermal bombs launchers in the first main base of Planet Spirit have entered the preheat and can be fired at any time.

“At the same time, the hunter fighter jets in the base had already risen into the air and entered battle mode. They could also fire three-phase thermal bombs at any time. If Mr. Haren and the others dared to attack, they would face at least 10 three-phase thermal bombs. This was even without considering the strength of the pioneer raiders.

“If Xu Tui and the others really want to destroy the temporary quantum teleportation channel and retreat to the depths of the starry sky, there is no possibility of stopping them at this moment,” Maiponeo analyzed rationally.

As soon as Maiponeo said that, the entire venue immediately fell silent. What the f*ck is this meeting about? In the end, it resulted in the worst outcome.

Emotions were brewing. Some people’s dissatisfied eyes had already landed on

Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo.

“I think that we need to stop Xu Tui from destroying the quantum teleportation channel and leaving Planet Spirit. However, we have to use another method,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, who had always been silent during meetings, suddenly said.

“What other method?”

“Fairness, justice! Give Xu Tui a fair and just treatment for this matter!” Augusto, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector, said. “If we do as we do, I will shoot a thief in my house instead of asking the thief to apologize to me.” Augusto spread his hands.

As soon as he said that, Itavi’s expression instantly became extremely ugly.

“Of course, it’s just a metaphor! We have to satisfy the victim, don’t we?” Augusto added.

“Let me remind you. Xu Tui said that they would start taking action in ten minutes. It has been six minutes.” It was rare for the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Russian Federation, Anlevich, to speak.

A minute later, everyone’s gaze focused on Cai Shaochu. The meaning could not be clearer!

Cai Shaochu slowly stood up. “I will drag Xu Tui back to the venue! However, you only have one chance. Think carefully about how to deal with this matter and how to compensate Xu Tui. If Xu Tui runs away again, I won’t be able to stop him.”

Cai Shaochu disappeared..

Sorry for the inconvenience. Thank you very much!