Chapter 1200 - 1200: Internal Dissatisfaction And Restart (1)

Chapter 1200: Internal Dissatisfaction and Restart (1)

With the support of the large amount of purple flames that Xu Tui had instantiated, Yanzi’s forceful breakthrough this time was finally countered.

Her aura gradually rose like a ball of brocade. He could sense that Yanzi’s aura had also become powerful and solemn. It could give people a faint pressure. Due to the penetration of his mind power, Xu Tui could even sense that the quantum frequency of Yanzi’s original life was increasing at an unprecedented speed and being strengthened.

All her aura was increasing.

Xu Tui could vaguely sense that her previously loose mind power was like a star. This was probably a quasi-planet. The breakthrough to the quasi-planetary realm was an increase in the level of life.

However, only those who had broken through could experience this increase in their level of life. Xu Tui could not sense it yet. He could only sense Yanzi’s aura. After successfully breaking through, her improvement was very fast.

However, in comparison, An Xiaoxue’s breakthrough was more perfect. Her aura increased even more. In the beginning, it was almost a leap.

However, the quasi-planetary realm was a little blurry. Xu Tui could only roughly sense it.

After Yanzi completed her breakthrough, her expression was a little complicated.

Purple flames.

She did not know that Xu Tui had silently learned and instantiated her purple flames. However, Xu Tui had been exposed in order to save her. Also, Xu Tui had given her three Silver Spirit Boxes in one go. She had been at the forward operating base for five years. There were only two silver boxes of Spirit that Lei Tian had given her. This was on account of her grandfather.

Xu Tui understood how Yanzi felt at this moment. “You should understand the importance of this moment. Go and cultivate first. We’ll talk after you’re done.”

Yanzi nodded and bit her lip. She instantly turned into a flame and landed in her cultivation room.

In the distance, Ruan Tianzuo was still staring at Xu Tui. “How is it? Everything

I said is true. She successfully broke through, right?”

Ruan Tianzuo was waiting for Xu Tui’s answer. According to his previous promise, he would be exempted from compensation.

“Old Ruan, can you be a little more confident? I, Xu Tui, am a nail in the coffin. Your 45,000 grams of Origin Crystal compensation is waived. However, you can’t lack five Origin Crystal ability seal cards for your Fire Wing Slash,” Xu Tui said.

Ruan Tianzuo was still a little surprised when he heard Xu Tui say that. There was no need to cut his flesh. However, he still quibbled, “Isn’t it all?”

“Why don’t you flip through the previous video? Or I can be shameless and refuse to admit it. If you don’t compensate me, I won’t do the rest?” Xu Tui sneered.

“Hahahaha, there’s no need. That’s all!” Ruan Tianzuo laughed dryly and left.

At the same time, Haren and Itavi’s auras also retreated.

Xu Tui slowly heaved a sigh of relief. This unexpected situation was over. The breakthrough of An Xiaoxue and Yanzi had increased the strength of the pioneer raiders to a certain extent. “I have to hurry, too.”

A few minutes later, Xu Tui returned to the command center that had just been repaired at the first main base. The Sun Storm Plan was about to begin. There were many things that Xu Tui had to consider first.

Just as he was deliberating the research plan with Ah Huang, Ah Huang’s voice suddenly sounded. “Yan Lie is here.”

“Let him in directly.” A few seconds later, Xu Tui took a look at Yan Lie, who had stepped into the command center. He was a little surprised. “Old Yan, what’s wrong? You look unhappy. Why did you have a deep look? Is your right hand crippled? Do you want me to get Principal Cai and the others to send you a batch of real dolls?”

“Move aside!” Yan Lie scolded Xu Tui angrily, causing Xu Tui to instantly sized up Yan Lie again.

A minute later, Xu Tui handed a cup of tea to Yan Lie and sat in front of him. “We brothers, if you have something to say, say it quickly. If you have something to say, say it! ”

Yan Lie looked up at Xu Tui. “Then I’ll really say it?” @@novelbin@@

“Speak!”

“I’m not happy! I can’t figure it out! I’m not the only one who can’t figure it out. Mr. Qu and the others can’t either!” Yan Lie said.

“What can’t you figure out?” Xu Tui frowned. He suddenly thought of something.

“Commander, Yanzi is from the Spiritual Race after all. She is a woman from another race. She is definitely not from our race. Aren’t you being too good to her today? You exempted Ruan Tianzuo from 45,000 grams of Origin Crystals and gave her three silver boxes of Spirit. Ruan Tianzuo had already said that those things were very precious.

“You even personally helped her break through. This price…

“Commander, no one can figure it out. Although she’s a member of our pioneer raiders now, Yanzi killed many people on the Mars battlefield back then…” “Are you done?” Xu Tui looked at Yan Lie happily.

“Are you not angry that we’re doubting you, Commander?” Yan Lie was a little surprised.

“If you have any doubts, just say it in person. That’s what a brother is! I’ll be angry if you have all kinds of thoughts behind your backs but don’t say them. That’s what everyone thinks, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“In any case, everyone can’t figure it out! There are many people in the team who have never obtained the Silver Spirit Box,” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui nodded gently. “We’re all brothers. Since you’ve asked, I have to tell you. However, there are some things that you can’t tell others easily. First of all, the first reason I helped Yanzi break through today is that she is a member of our Worldly Pioneer Raiders.

“This is the foundation. It is within my abilities to ensure the safety of my team members. This is also my responsibility,” Xu Tui said..