Chapter 1204 - 1204: The Barbarians Are Xia When They Enter Xia (2)

Chapter 1204: The Barbarians are Xia when they enter Xia (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Why could the success rate not be greatly increased?

Using this excuse, Xu Tui went to look for Yanzi with the intention of sincerely solving the problem. Since Yanzi had given it all to him, he was no longer hypocritical.

After hearing Xu Tui’s question, Yanzi was silent for a moment before saying, “Actually, my grandfather said that his success rate in refining the quantum jade core is only about 40%.”

“But the success rate is 100% when the two of us work together?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“It might be because there’s a division of mind power between the two of them. It’s more detailed.” After saying that, Yanzi suddenly looked at Xu Tui and asked, “What about you? How do you plan to deal with us? Do you want to use us as bait or give us to Lei Tian? Or are you sending us away?”

“Leave? Do you know the way home?” Xu Tui glared at Yanzi angrily. “Currently, you are still official members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. Just listen to my orders. Where did you get so many messy thoughts?”

Xu Tui quickly left after he said that. Yanzi suddenly smiled when she saw Xu

Tui leave. This was not the answer she wanted to hear the most, even so it was considered a good answer. This was especially so when they thought about the lesson that Principal Cai Shaochu had given them in the afternoon. There seemed to be a hidden meaning.

On August 9, 2139, Xu Tui, who was cultivating bitterly, was suddenly shocked by Ah Huang’s voice. He slowly opened his eyes.

“Xiaoxue, cultivate yourself first. Ah Huang is calling me.” @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had already received a message from Ah Huang when he rushed to the command center. Ah Huang’s clone had already arrived at the planned location and successfully landed.

The place where they landed was called the Purple Rock Asteroid. The location of this asteroid was provided by Yin Ba. Yin Ba was also the one who named it. Most importantly, this asteroid only needed five to six days to reach the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

It was the most crucial part of the plan.

“Ah Huang, are you sure?” After returning to the command center, Xu Tui immediately confirmed with Ah Huang. This was because in terms of time, it had been more than two months, almost three months, since Ah Huang’s clone controlled a hunting fleet and left Planet Spirit.

They were indeed about to arrive. However, at this distance, the communication delay was very serious. Therefore, when Ah Huang’s clone left, it took Tri Ling Ding away.

Tri Ling Ding had left an intermediate colony on Planet Spirit. The intermediate colony of Tri Ling Ding was still unable to establish direct communication with its main body. It could only transmit some simple signals.

This time, it was a message from Tri Ling Ding using the Morse password. Furthermore, they had communicated three times in a row according to the agreement. They could basically confirm that they had arrived at the designated location.

Unfortunately, even Tri Ling Ding’s intermediate colony could not send a message to him.

Everything could only go according to the agreement. After the news was transmitted over, they would first activate another portion of the quantum array core on the Purple Rock Asteroid. Planet Spirit would also follow closely behind.

Not long after, Xu Tui arrived at the center of another quantum teleportation tunnel under the first main base. Cai Shaochu also came over.

“Principal, you can solidify it. I’ve never solidified it,” Xu Tui said as he took out a quantum array core.

“Alright, take a good look. This method is not complicated, but it can only be used by someone who knows about the quantum array core. Look carefully. If you meet the right person in the future to teach it, then teach them, it can’t be lost.”

The so-called solidification of the quantum array core was to connect the quantum array core to the star core energy of the current planet. The quantum array core had this function to begin with, but he had to be careful during the activation process.

Of course, he had to satisfy another condition. The target planet had to be alive. This life force was only the life force of the internal star core. Only a planet that produced a large amount of Origin Energy from the internal star nuclear energy was a living planet.

Only then could it solidify!

Planet Spirit met the requirements.

“Xu Tui, remember, when you are solidifying the quantum teleportation channel, you have to use your mind power to slowly magnify the mixed frequency and fluctuations of the quantum array core. Then, you have to fuse with the current planet.

“First, you have to sense and find the fluctuations of life or energy on the current planet. Then, you have to slowly fuse them. Remember, you have to be slow! Moreover, don’t casually instantiate the fluctuations of the planet. If you dare to instantiate, your mind power will be instantly sucked dry! Come, come in with your mind power. Merge with my mind power and I’ll bring you along.”

“Alright, Principal.”

Cai Shaochu was teaching Xu Tui step by step. A few minutes later, an indescribably grand feeling of life suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mental perception under Cai Shaochu’s guidance.

If the mountain or someone’s life frequency that Xu Tui had sensed previously was a thin line, then the grand feeling of life that appeared in his mental perception was like a vast river and sea.

Just sensing it gave Xu Tui an extremely magnificent feeling.

“Principal, is this the sense of life on a planet? Is this how the name of a Planetary realm powerhouse comes about?” Xu Tui exclaimed.

“Everything is still being explored. However, it’s said that the strength of a

Planetary realm powerhouse’s breakthrough is also related to the planet they were on when they broke through! If you have time, you can discuss it with

Yanzi,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui was instantly speechless.

Principal, can we not mention this? It made Xu Tui feel as if he was going to sacrifice his looks in exchange for information.

“You’re not happy? If you have the chance, study hard. Alright, it’s done! Have you remembered the process?” Half an hour later, Cai Shaochu had just heaved a sigh of relief when the quantum array core that had just been successfully solidified suddenly contacted a strange rhythm.

It was like an extremely weak heartbeat. Then, it slowly strengthened. It slowly became stronger and stronger. Finally, the fluctuations connected.

The quantum teleportation channel with the Purple Rock Asteroid was completed!

“Ah Huang, confirm the information. Teleport the items and robots to confirm that the tunnel is normal.”

“Understood!” Ten minutes later, Ah Huang received a confirmed answer. “The foothold on the other side of this quantum teleportation tunnel is confirmed to be Purple Rock Asteroid. Our fleet and clones are not controlled. There are no hidden dangers around us for the time being.

“The survival report of the Purple Rock Asteroid has been sent over. Those below the quasi-planetary level need a combat uniform to move,” Ah Huang said.

“Principal, it’s done!” Xu Tui could not hide the joy in his voice when he received the report. The first and most important step of the Sun Storm Plan had been completed!

“Mm.” Cai Shaochu nodded. “Then I’ll gather the others. I’ll send a few quasi-planetary experts to explore first. Then, we can directly teleport over to the Planetary realm today. All of our participants will complete the assembly on the Purple Rock Asteroid.”

“Alright!”