Chapter 1203 - 1203: Barbarians Enters Xia, They’Re Xia (1)

Chapter 1203: Barbarians Enters Xia, They’re Xia (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was holding the key secret record of refining a quantum jade core that Yanzi had given him. He was not in the mood to read it. His mood was a little complicated and even a little depressed. He was not as happy as he had imagined after obtaining the item.

Xu Tui felt a little complicated and conflicted, especially since he had been questioned internally previously. Although he had calmed down, this moment exploded in Xu Tui’s heart like a torrent.

For a moment, Xu Tui was a little confused. He stayed in the command center alone for a long time.

Xu Tui did not even notice Cai Shaochu’s arrival. “Principal!” Xu Tui hurriedly stood up when he realized that Cai Shaochu was sitting in front of him.

“Sit.” Cai Shaochu handed Xu Tui a can of beer. After the temporary quantum teleportation channel was established, the resources on Planet Spirit became richer. “I know everything that happened today. I also know what happened just now.” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Ah Huang told me.”

Xu Tui froze. He turned around and wanted to curse. Ah Huang, you’re an advanced artificial intelligence with a spirit. Why did you become a loudmouth?

It was simply…

“I asked. Ah Huang already has its own consciousness. If you nurture it well, it might give you an even greater surprise in the future.”

Bang!

Cai Shaochu opened his beer and raised it. He gestured to Xu Tui that he wanted to drink.

“Principal, why do you know how to drink?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Why can’t I drink? I’m just the principal, not a saint! I’m also a human. Humans have seven emotions and six desires.” Cai Shaochu took a sip of beer. “Your relationship with Yanzi shouldn’t be ordinary, right?”

“I don’t know either.” Xu Tui shook his head. “In order to help her refine the quantum jade core, I used my mind power more than a thousand times.”

“Wow, you’re sacrificing yourself for your career.”

Xu Tui’s face darkened. He gulped down a mouthful of wine.

“The members of the Pioneer Raiders today think that you helped Yanzi too much. Did it cause you trouble? Did it interfere with your thoughts?” Cai Shaochu asked.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. “Principal, Yanzi, Lang Ju, and Lang Biao are all considered members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. There’s also Lavis, Yin Ba, Yin Liu, and the others who surrendered. They can also be considered members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. However, they were all outsiders. I

don’t know how to define them in the future. It’s a little contradictory. I can’t think of an answer!”

Cai Shaochu laughed when he heard that. He raised his beer at Xu Tui again. “All of your conflicts can actually be summarized into a problem.”

Xu Tui looked up.

“What is Huaxia?”

Xu Tui was stunned. Why was it still this question? Xu Tui could not figure it out. He slowly shook his head.

“I’ll give you a piece of advice. You’ll understand when you hear it,” Cai Shaochu said.

“What words?” “The Barbarians are Xia when they enter Nia!”

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Come, let’s drink!” Cai Shaochu raised his glass and downed his beer. He casually threw a book to Xu Tui. “Remember to flip through this book when you have time. If you flip through it, you and I will reach Huaxia!

“Ah Huang, inform all the members of the pioneer raiders that I want to have a group lesson,” Cai Shaochu suddenly said.

“Alright, Principal. What’s the class name?”

“The name of the lesson is They’re Xia when they enter Xia’!”

“Alright, Principal. Are they all the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders?”

“Yes.”

“All members will gather in the meeting room in half an hour.”

Cai Shaochu smiled and left the command center. However, after he left the command center, he said to Xu Tui again, “Xu Tui, magnify the situation and open your mind. In the future, it’s very likely that you will be the vanguard of the Huaxia Race in the universe. You will come into contact with more alien species and alien lifeforms. You might as well be more tolerant!

“However, there was another saying that those who were not of the same race would definitely have different intentions. Of course, you have to grasp the situation well! Read more history when you’re free!” With that, Cai Shaochu left.

Xu Tui looked at the book that Cai Shaochu had given him. The book was called “Huaxia Traditional Practices”.

It was only right for the principal to give a lesson. Old Cai’s lesson about ‘They’re Xia when they entered Xia’ was very reserved, but not reserved, too. It meant that everyone understood, but he did not say it directly.

In this lesson, Yin Ba, Yin Liu, Yin Liulong, Yin Wushu, Lavis, Yanzi, Lang Ju, Lang Ju, and the others who had been called over to listen had complicated expressions.

Xu Tui seemed to understand Cai Shaochu’s thoughts.

Thoughts were thoughts. The matter of the quantum jade core was the number one matter in the world.

If Xu Tui could master the refinement method and pass down the method of making a quantum array core, it would be recorded in the history of Huaxia.

He carefully studied the secret record that Yanzi had given him about refining a quantum jade core. There were three very complicated refinement methods recorded in it. Xu Tui could not help but exclaim after he finished reading it.

They were all the most minute refinement techniques that he could control with his mind power during refinement. Xu Tui would not be able to tell if he only used his mind power to observe these three refinement techniques. @@novelbin@@

Yanzi was really…

Even with the secret record of refining the quantum jade core that Yanzi had given him, Xu Tui had failed six times before he succeeded once. After a few more attempts, Xu Tui’s success rate in refining the quantum jade core remained at about 30%.

This made Xu Tui very puzzled.