Chapter 1208 - 1208: Deal Before The Battle

Chapter 1208: Deal Before the Battle

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In Xu Tui’s impression, Principal Cai Shaochu was omnipotent. He could solve any difficulties. Therefore, Xu Tui immediately came to discuss the solution with Cai Shaochu the moment he noticed the abnormality. However, this time, Xu Tui suddenly realized that the principal was not omnipotent when he saw Cai Shaochu’s helpless smile.

No one was omnipotent.

“Principal, if I recklessly report this suspicion and deduction to the commander-in-chief, Raymont, and the higher-ups of an organization in the Blue Star, do you think it will work?” Xu Tui was a little worried. There was a high chance that the high-level colony of the other Ling that Tri Ling Ding had discovered was Black Hole, which was Itavi communicating with the Spiritual

Race.

If…

There were too many possibilities.

“Of course it’s feasible! However, the final outcome is that the Sun Storm Plan will be suspended this time. Then, we’ll argue for a while, but we still won’t be able to find this Black Hole,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui had a bitter expression.

“Change the direction. What do you think if someone in the India Sector says that I, Cai Shaochu, am the traitor, Black Hole, according to various traces?” Cai Shaochu suddenly asked.

“How is that possible? They’re slandering us. They have to take responsibility for framing us…”

Cai Shaochu spread his hands. Xu Tui was stunned. He already understood what Cai Shaochu meant. If he jumped out and said that Itavi was Black Hole, it would be useless even with circumstantial evidence like Tri Ling Ding. The India Sector would definitely not admit it, nor would the other sectors admit it easily.

“From the perspective of benefits, unless we publicly expose it and have 100% solid evidence, we can only testify that Itavi is a Black Hole. Otherwise, even ordinary evidence would not work. Just like me, I was no longer a Planetary realm powerhouse in the ordinary sense. I was more like a flag! I could not fall easily! Do you understand?” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, was filled with frustration. “Principal, are we going to be helpless against the traitor, Itavi? Let him betray the interests of the Blue Star humans like this, continuously betray us, and even harm us?”

“Of course I have a way!”

Cai Shaochu’s words made Xu Tui’s eyes light up. “What way?”

Cai Shaochu shook his fist. “Big fists make sense.”

“If you have the strength, just kill him. Aren’t you going to talk?”

“You can say that, but if you have greater power and influence, you can also deal with him!”

After a few seconds of silence, Xu Tui completely understood what Cai Shaochu meant. At the same time, he also understood a principle.

Times were different!

The control of the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization was actually constantly decreasing. The power of a Planetary realm powerhouse was constantly affecting and nibbling at all of this.

Wasn’t Old Sha also openly active in The Myth?

“Let’s actively prepare for battle!” After a moment of silence, Old Cai said, “I know what you’re worried about, but in the general situation, even if Itavi sells the entire plan of the Blue Star to the Spiritual Race, it won’t be of much use. The strategy of steadily advancing is based on this.” Xu Tui nodded slightly.

“However, if Black Hole is Itavi, you have to be careful.”

“I’m not the only one. There’s also you, Principal,” Xu Tui reminded.

The two of them communicated for another 15 minutes before Xu Tui left.

Erera arrived an hour later. Without any unnecessary words, the elite team of the Blue Star humans that had been prepared turned into streams of light and rushed into the vast universe.

Spiritual Race, forward operating base. @@novelbin@@

Lei Tian personally guarded the command center and reviewed the reconnaissance results sent over from all directions.

The sudden connection with Black Hole made Lei Tian realize that the Blue Star humans might take action. He immediately mobilized everyone around the forward operating base to defend and carry out an emergency reconnaissance.

Lei Tian was still very vigilant. However, half a day had passed. The reconnaissance results of the various forces had been sent back. Up until now, they had not discovered any enemies.

There were no abnormal discoveries within a million kilometers of the forward operating base.

The quantum radar did not detect any strong energy fluctuations for the time being. However, this did not make Lei Tian relax. Instead, he felt an inexplicable sense of unease.

“Sir, it’s time to contact Black Hole.” Lei Gen’s voice sounded.

“Contact them.”

“Alright.” A few minutes later, Lei Gen looked at Lei Tian in shock. “Sir, Black Hole said that it’s not convenient for him to communicate directly now. He’s communicating with us in a very traditional Morse code on the Blue Star.” Lei Tian frowned. Inconvenient? Could it be that they were taking action?

“Communicate with him and ask him what he wants. What kind of information can he provide?” Lei Tian said.

Lei Gen was communicating with Black Hole, but Lei Tian began to give orders to the troops of the defense system of the forward operating base.

“All units, enter Level 1 alert. From Base 1 to Base 4, activate the energy protection shields. Order, Lei Ye will lead a reconnaissance team to search for the space situation in a day. Order Lei Xiang to patrol the surrounding defense. Order, Planet Charon Lei Zhen, be on standby at all times in the quantum teleportation channel. Order, Diwu Hui of Ceres, be on standby at all times in the quantum teleportation channel. There must be no mistakes.”

After issuing a series of emergency orders, Lei Tian heaved a sigh of relief. At this moment, there were preliminary results in the connection between Lei Gen and Black Hole.

“Sir, Black Hole said that he has an extremely important message and wants to exchange something with us.”

“In exchange for what?”

“Three Silver Spirit Boxes and a few uninhabited resource planets. It would be best if they are from the asteroid belt with Origin Crystals,” Lei Gen said.

“He has a huge appetite. Tell him that I’ll give it to him as long as it’s worth the information,” Lei Tian said.

“Sir, Black Hole said that the information is definitely worth it, but he has to see something first,” Lei Gen said.

Lei Tian paced back and forth. After a while, he said, “Tell him, sure! We will send the Silver Box of Spirit to the location of the planet under his command by drone. We can give him the location of the uninhabited resource planet he wanted now! However, after giving him the coordinates, we have to hear a portion of the information first. Otherwise, this transaction would not have been possible. Be tougher.”

Lei Gen nodded and immediately contacted Black Hole. A few minutes later, Lei Gen expressed that he could. Then, Lei Tian found three asteroid coordinates from their star map and asked Lei Gen to send them to Black Hole.

The solar system was too big and there were too many planets. There were too few people in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

Over the years, they had discovered countless resource planets. Basically, the Spiritual Race had chosen the easiest to develop and the most valuable to develop. They would not develop anything far away.

It was not worth it to use a set of quantum array cores to develop a relatively far resource planet. However, this did not prevent the Spiritual Race from preserving the information on the resource planets they had discovered. To Lei Tian, he had only thrown out a few resource planets that had no meaning in development.

As for the three Silver Spirit Boxes, he would see how important the information was.

Five minutes later, Lei Gen’s eyes suddenly widened.

“Sir, Black Hole said that Xu Tui from Planet Spirit is planning to bring people to launch a surprise attack on our forward operating base. Xu Tui had already learned the specific location of the forward operating base. The team led by Xu Tui will attack one of our space fortresses, Number Three or Number Four.”

Lei Tian’s eyes suddenly narrowed into slits. “Just Xu Tui’s team? That’s impossible, right? Ask him about the scale of power and time!”

A minute later, Lei Gen replied in disappointment, saying that Black Hole would only answer this question if it wanted the Silver Box of Spirit.

“Then ask him where he is receiving it. We’ll give him the Silver Spirit Box now!” Lei Tian sneered.

A minute later, Lei Gen had a strange expression. “Sir, Black Hole said that it’s too far away. He can’t retrieve it. He can answer our questions, but he needs the coordinates of more resource planets. It would be best if they are larger planets, and their locations have to be relatively concentrated.”

“Hmph!” Lei Tian sneered. He already understood some of the situations. “I’m afraid this Black Hole is not too far away. He’s too close and doesn’t dare to take it!”

“What do you mean, Sir?”

“Give him the coordinates of six resource planets. All within a 30 -day voyage range.”

When Lei Gen began to communicate with Black Hole again, Lei Tian was no longer too interested in the information provided by Black Hole.

Lei Tian was cunning. He already understood that the Blue Star might be targeting his forward operating base. There were some things that he could not figure out, such as distance. For example, where did the higher-ups of the Blue Star get the guts to let more than 10 Planetary realm powerhouses leave their location to expedition to the forward operating base?

However, there was a foundation!

Xu Tui from Planet Spirit had definitely grasped the location of his forward operating base. He even had a portion of the defense system.

Otherwise, Black Hole would not have said anything about Space Fortress 3 and 4.

There was only one natural satellite on Planet Kono in the forward operating base. This was the first space fortress. The other three space fortresses were all man-made later to build the defense system of the forward operating base.

In that case, was Xu Tui stupid?

Xu Tui from Planet Spirit was not stupid. Since Xu Tui from Planet Spirit was not stupid, how could Xu Tui from Planet Spirit attack his forward operating base alone? If he really did that, it would not be a surprise attack, but he would have a death wish!

“Sir, Black Hole said that Xu Tui’s team should have three to four Planetary realm experts and six to eight quasi-planetary experts.”

Lei Tian nodded gently. He already had basic information. The team that attacked the third or fourth space fortress was about three to four quasi-planetary experts. There were a total of four space fortresses. This time, the Blue Star should have sent 12 to 16 Planetary realm powerhouses. According to the Blue Star’s personality, there would definitely be a mobile team.

In that case, the Planetary realm powerhouses sent out by the Blue Star this time were about 16 to 20 Planetary realm powerhouses!

“This is really an extremely rare operation! Close to 20 Planetary realm powerhouses. If this tactic is used well, they might really succeed in the surprise attack! Thank you, Black Hole!” With a cold smile, Lei Tian began to give orders again. “Diwu Hui, order the two Planetary realm experts under you to return to Planet Kono one by one. Yirong, order your Planetary realm to gather at the forward operating base at the maximum frequency.. Three-headed Tiger, order your Planetary realm to follow the maximum

frequency…”