Chapter 1209 - 1209: Equipment And Desire To Survive

Chapter 1209: Equipment and Desire to Survive

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui used to think that the Mechanical Spirit Race was quite useless.

Even the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race were relatively useless. The Mechanical Spirit Race was completely defeated by Planetary realm powerhouses of the same level.

This was an undeniable fact. The Mechanical Spirit Race was just a little weaker.

However, Xu Tui only realized how good the Mechanical Spirit Race was when he brought a bunch of experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race on a long-distance space trip.

As the saying went, a young person did not know how good a Mechanical Spirit was and mistook the Great Xi for a treasure.

In terms of comfortable travel, the Great Xi Race’s Lavis was purely useless.

As for Yin Ba and Yin Liu from the Mechanical Spirit Race, after the two of them shapeshifted and fused, they actually created a space similar to a spaceship. Furthermore, it did not lose the movement speed of a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui had thought that the three-day-long surprise attack would be a little strenuous for him. After all, he had not broken through to the quasi-planetary realm.

He did not expect Yin Ba and Yin Liu to give him a surprise. It was extremely comfortable. It was the kind that could cultivate, too. Even the brothers from the Africa Sector benefited. Although they were staying in a ship formed by Yin Liu’s legs, it was still very comfortable.

This time, according to Raymont’s arrangements, there were a total of five teams. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s team was with the Africa Sector. Their target was Space Fortress Number Four. The experts from the European Sector were split into two. Half of them followed Erera and joined the mobile team led by Raymont, while the other half met up with the experts from the American Sector. Their target was Space Fortress Number One, and the captain was Haren.

The members of the India Sector and The Myth were in a team. The target was the second space fortress, and the captain was Itavi.

The Huaxia Sector and the Russian Federation were in a team. Their target was the third space fortress, Captain Cai Shaochu. All the remaining members of Sector 7 of Huaya were assigned to the mobile team led by Raymont.

Comparatively, the four teams that Xu Tui led were actually weaker in terms of strength.

Yin Ba and Yin Liu were still relatively weak. There was also a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector, Maguwa. Of course, Xu Tui could barely be considered a combatant who could threaten the Planetary realm.

Other than that, there were also ten quasi-planetary experts. They were the three from the Africa Sector, as well as An Xiaoxue, Yanzi, Bu Qingqiu, Lavis, Yin Sanping, Yin Wushu, and Yin Liulong on Xu Tui’s side.

Along the way, other than cultivating, Xu Tui was also worried.

This was because on the way, Tri Ling Ding once again sensed the aura of the high-level colony of the other Ling. It could not recognize their location, but Tri Ling Ding’s senses should be the same as before.

That was terrifying.

This meant that this traitor was in their team this time. Unfortunately, even if he knew that, he could not find him.

All Xu Tui could do was to cram at the last minute and continue cultivating. It was not a last-minute cram. Xu Tui had been cultivating diligently during this period of time.

For example, Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula, Stab Formula, Water Explosion Technique, mental whip, Ice Barrier, Frost Puppet, and other genetic ability chains had already been constructed to an extremely perfect state.

If Xu Tui used one of the genetic ability chains as the main chain, he would immediately be able to break through to the Planetary realm.

However, Xu Tui still had the same thoughts as before. He wanted to build the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to a similar state before trying to break through.

Xu Tui felt that he needed to cultivate a lot. For example, the internal circulation channels of the Vajra Tide Force Field genetic ability chain were also being built.

On August 30, 2139, in the combination of Yin Ba and Yin Liu.

“Attention, all members. We are expected to arrive at the target star sector in eight hours. We will begin to adjust our states. We must adjust ourselves to the optimal combat state.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

Xu Tui also stopped cultivating when he heard that. He glanced at everyone and entered a deep sleep through meditation to recover his mind power.

However, his mind power remained above 60% even when he was cultivating.

Seven hours later, Xu Tui woke up from his deepest sleep. He slowly opened his eyes. In his mind, the mental body that was as thick as porridge had spontaneously gathered into a ball like a celestial body because of something similar to a gravitational field.

If an expert sensed it carefully, they would be able to sense strands of extremely powerful aura similar to that of a Planetary realm powerhouse on Xu Tui’s body.

Xu Tui, who had woken up, activated his mind power. The mental body that had condensed into a planet dissipated into a fog again.

Maguwa, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector who was cultivating, suddenly opened his eyes and looked around in confusion. Just now, he sensed an extremely unfamiliar and powerful Planetary realm powerhouse’s aura. It woke him up, but he could not find it after he woke up.

“Xiaoxue, put it on.” After he woke up, Xu Tui began to prepare for battle. He first took out the latest combat uniform and handed it to An Xiaoxue.

This was the top-notch Mechanical Spirit Alloy that Xu Tui had obtained after repeatedly fighting the Mechanical Spirit Race in the past six months and killing the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race. After handing it over to Cai Shaochu, he urgently made the strongest combat uniform on the Blue Star.

This was because it was made from the Mechanical Spirit Alloy on the bodies of Planetary realm powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Its defense was very powerful.

In theory, he could block the fatal blow of a Planetary realm powerhouse. This had never been tested. But it would be destroyed after a quasi-planetary’s three full-powered attack.

“I’m already a quasi-planetary. I don’t need this, right?” An Xiaoxue looked at her combat uniform but did not wear it.

“Quasi-planetary? Even if you’re in the Planetary realm, you have to wear it!” Xu Tui glared and became angry.

“Oh!” An Xiaoxue smiled sweetly. She happily took the combat uniform and put it on.

After putting it on, Xu Tui installed two more arm shields for An Xiaoxue. “Xiaoxue, these two arm shields are also made with the Mechanical Spirit Alloy of a Planetary realm powerhouse and special technology.

“Got it.”

“If you want to remember, you have to try now.”

In the temporary ship, the others had helpless expressions. Today, they had been forcefully fed dog food, one after another.

“What kind of gazes are these? What are you looking at? All of you have it!” Xu Tui felt his hair stand on end from everyone’s gazes, especially Yanzi’s. He quickly took out another set and handed it to Bu Qingqiu.

“Oh, I have it too,” Bu Qingqiu teased.

“Of course. Everyone has it. We’re all the closest comrades, aren’t we?” Xu Tui quickly took out a set and handed it to Yanzi while he was saying this. He also handed her two inlaid arm shields. “Put it on. Be careful during battle.”

With the first sentence as a foundation, Xu Tui gave Yanzi a righteous answer.

However, Yanzi still gave Xu Tui a huge surprise. When she received the specially-made combat uniform and arm shield, she hugged Xu Tui’s neck without any warning and kissed Xu Tui’s face. “Thank you!”

An Xiaoxue instantly turned around and focused. Bu Qingqiu looked like she was watching a good show. Xu Tui was stunned.

Could she not be so wild? Even if you really wanted to be wild, you had to find a place without people.

“Lord Xu Tui, Lord Yanzi is using the popular etiquette of the Spiritual Race to thank you.” Yin Liu’s voice sounded at the right time.

At that moment, Xu Tui wanted to hug Yin Liu and kiss him. He was really a

life-saving relative. This sentence came at the right time. In the future, Xu Tui would definitely punch anyone who said that the Mechanical Spirit Race did not understand emotions.

An Xiaoxue did not say anything, but Bu Qingqiu spoke. “The Spiritual Race is so open-minded. A kiss for a thank you? How many people do you have to kiss?”

“I’ll only do that when I’m most sincerely grateful! I can sense that the regiment commander is sincerely thinking about my life and safety! Miss Bu. Also, I have to tell you that this is my first kiss! ” Yanzi’s retaliation was extremely violent, causing Bu Qingqiu to choke.

Actually, Bu Qingqiu was not good at talking nonsense. She just happened to be on the same side as An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui’s desire to live also erupted at this moment. If he allowed Yanzi to continue being wild, Xu Tui would die in battle before the war started.

Xu Tui took out another set of folding shields with different rules. They were divided into a total of four parts. He quickly handed them to Yin Liulong.

“Sir, we don’t need combat uniforms.” Yin Liulong quickly stood up.

“It’s not a combat uniform. It’s a specially customized folding shield for you to save your lives. It should be able to block a few fatal attacks for you.

Remember, you have to survive on the battlefield.”

Xu Tui’s actions made Yin Jiulong extremely grateful. He thanked Xu Tui repeatedly. He was just short of bowing to Xu Tui. There were many kinds of superiors who had ordered him. However, Xu Tui was the first to be concerned about his life.

Then, Xu Tui handed Yin Sanping and Yin Wushu a folding set each. He gave them the same instructions.

This was not for show. These were Xu Tui’s sincere words.

Xu Tui’s heart had ached for a long time when the quasi-planetary, Yin Liujian, had been slapped to death by Lei Hong. A quasi-planet was finished just like that. If he had more life-saving methods at that time, Yin Liujian might have been able to survive.

Unfortunately, there was none!

Therefore, Xu Tui was fully prepared for this battle. The folding shields made for them could also be injected with energy to form an energy shield. Their defense was very powerful.

“Yin Liu, Yin Ba, do you want it?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes!” Yin Liu and Yin Ba said in unison, “Commander, although we don’t need it under normal circumstances, once we use it, it will be the time to save our lives.” These two people knew the situation very well. They were very sneaky.

“This… Commander Xu Tui, is there one for us?” Maguwa, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector, asked softly.

“Uh… I’m sorry. I didn’t prepare this in advance.”

“Oh…” There was a strong sense of disappointment in Maguwa’s voice. He also felt a little helpless.

This was probably a weakness!

Xu Tui successfully survived after being interrupted by the equipment.

An Xiaoxue roughly understood that Xu Tui was really preparing life-saving equipment for everyone. It was just that Yanzi’s reaction was a little hot and wild. She immediately offered her so-called first kiss.

As for Xu Tui, he did not feel anything.

“Xu Tui, we have received a notice from Commander-in-chief Raymont that we are about to arrive at the combat star field. Please be prepared to attack.”

Ah Huang’s voice rang out. Everyone was solemn..