Chapter 1202 - 1202: Both

Chapter 1202: Both

On the night of August 3, 2138, when the temporary quantum teleportation channel that had been suspended for two days was activated again, the first

Planetary realm powerhouse who came was Cai Shaochu.

Xu Tui was completely relieved when he saw Old Cai coming over.

To be honest, Xu Tui was a little worried.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have specially requested that the Planetary realm powerhouses who came six days after the temporary transit quantum teleportation channel was reopened had to be from the Huaxia Sector.

Xu Tui was also worried. It was also possible for a few Planetary realm powerhouses from other unfriendly sectors to forcefully swallow it. The bottom line of these people could always be refreshed.

However, Xu Tui was completely relieved when Old Cai arrived.

“Alright, let’s hand it over first.” The moment he arrived, Cai Shaochu looked businesslike.

Outside the first main base, Cai Shaochu first communicated with Haren, Ruan

Tianzuo, and Itavi.

“Wow, Old Yi, you’ve really embarrassed yourself. Hurry up and grow. It’s a little ugly.” As soon as they met, Old Cai mercilessly mocked Itavi.

Itavi’s missing face had been growing rapidly over the past few days, but it had not completely grown back. It was quite ugly. “My surname is not Yi,” Itavi emphasized angrily.

“I understand, Old Yi.”

Itavi was speechless.

“Alright, give me the cards, Old Yi,” Cai Shaochu said.

Itavi’s current mood was indescribable. He, Itavi, was also a very famous powerhouse on the Blue Star. Ever since he broke through to the quasi-planetary realm a long time ago, he had had a domineering attitude. He had never suffered such a cowardly attitude.

Even if he was unreasonable, he could still make sense with his fists.

Big fists made sense.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui was not as big as his fist this time. However, this situation made his fist useless. He could only compensate obediently.

At this moment, Itavi’s depression could be imagined. In his extreme pain, Itavi first took out 40,000 grams of Origin Crystals, then eight Origin Crystal ability seal cards. He found two more, then handed them to Cai Shaochu in extreme pain.

“If you’ve tampered with it, don’t take it out in the end.” Cai Shaochu looked at Itavi happily. He was really happy to see this old thing suffer.

Itavi did not say anything. He put down his things and left. He did not want to be ridiculed by Old Cai anymore. He had thought about tampering with it. However, with Cai Shaochu around, he would be a fool to tamper with it.

Cai Shaochu nodded with a smile. After carefully checking them with his mind power, he looked at Haren and Ruan Tianzuo. “What about the two of you?

More than ten minutes later, Cai Shaochu, who had finished collecting his things with a smile, returned to the command hall of the first main base.

“Here, I’ve checked everything. There are no problems. They won’t dare to tamper with it. Besides, tampering with this thing is not very useful. These are Origin Crystals. A total of 170,000 grams of Origin Crystals! You’ve made another huge sum of money. I’m so envious of you. Your income is almost comparable to that of a country.” Cai Shaochu smiled and looked at Xu Tui.

“How can that be, Principal? All of us are cultivating now, and the consumption is huge! Moreover, the quantum array core from before consumed a lot of energy- If not for the 170.000 grams of Origin Crystals. I would have been poor again! However, Principal, you’ve worked hard. You can choose any fee you want,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“You really want me to pick whatever I want? You’re so stingy. When did you become so generous?” Cai Shaochu smiled as he grabbed him. “I want them all. Do you dare to give them to me?”

“All of them?” Xu Tui’s smile suddenly became a little unnatural. However, he still said generously, “Since you’ve asked for it, I have to give you everything.”

“Look, you don’t mean what you say. Alright, I shouldn’t be so shameless!” With a smile, Cai Shaochu pulled out three of the 20 Origin Crystal ability seal cards on the table. These three Origin Crystal ability seal cards are all newly made Origin Crystal ability seal cards by Haren, Ruan Tianzuo, and Itavi.

“From this, I can roughly analyze the latest changes in their strength. It’s better to be prepared!” Cai Shaochu said.

“It’s better to be prepared. What do you mean, Principal?” Xu Tui seemed to be implying something.

“There’s nothing wrong with being prepared. In addition, the India Sector has already paid the raw materials and production fees for the three-phase thermal bombs. The 60 three-phase thermal bombs you want can be distributed to you within three days.

“In addition, Lieutenant Wei gathered 40 more for you. He gathered 100 for you. They are all improved versions. Use them as much as you can,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Thank Lieutenant Wei for me.” Xu Tui’s heart was instantly filled with warmth. His family was the best.

On August 4th, Xu Tui held a relatively formal meeting with the Worldly Pioneer Raiders in the first main base.

“Today’s meeting is mainly to announce two things. The first is that our Worldly Pioneer Raiders have been approved by the Huaxia Sector. From today onwards, our Worldly Pioneer Raiders will obtain interstellar privateering permission.

“Our pioneer raiders will have great autonomy in military operations in the future. However, at the same time, we have to be responsible for our own military operations! There’s one thing that has to be emphasized: No matter where we are, we are the pioneer raiders of the Huaxia Sector.” @@novelbin@@

This decision did not cause much of a surprise. Over the past half a year, the pioneer raiders had done this. Their military operations were almost autonomous, especially when they fought Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and Haren a few days ago.

Most people had already understood!

“Of course, our pioneer raiders have freedom to come and go. Those who are willing to leave can leave. If you choose to stay, you have to follow orders in the future!”

Xu Tui waited quietly for three minutes after he finished speaking. No one had any intention of leaving within three minutes.

Xu Tui was very satisfied.

A sense of belonging came from killing! This batch of pioneer raiders had the courage to explore under desperate straits last year. This year, under such generous conditions, they naturally would not back down.

“According to our docking with the Huaxia Sector, our spoils of war, family letters, and even if we don’t want to fight anymore, we can return to the Huaxia Sector at any time.

“At the same time, the Huaxia Sector will also bear a certain amount of our resources. If you need anything, you can register with the commander-in-chief, Ah Huang. Our resources will become richer,” Xu Tui said.

“Then let’s talk about the second thing. The second thing is the distribution of the spoils of war. Before this, we had been distributing Origin Crystals. However, the purpose of the Origin Crystals was very clear. They were to allow you to quickly increase your strength.

“However, vou can arrange for the ones distributed todav. You can send them back to your families to make money. You can also cultivate or save them. Of course, in my opinion, it was best to convert it into strength as soon as possible!

“This time, all the quasi-planets who participated in the battle previously will receive 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals each. All the Transmutation Realm experts who participated in the battle previously will receive 3,000 grams of Origin Crystals each. The other two Evolution Realm members will receive 1,500 grams of Origin Crystals each.”

As soon as these words were spoken, the entire venue immediately cheered.

Whether it was the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, Yin Liu, Yin Ba,

Yin Sanping, Yin Wushu, Yin Liulong, and the others,

5,000 grams of Origin Crystals was a considerable amount of wealth.

For the members of the pioneer raiders who had something to worry about, as long as they sent dozens of grams of Origin Crystals back to their families, they would not have to worry about food and drink for the rest of their lives.

Basically, nearly half of the 170,000 grams of Origin Crystals he obtained this time had been rewarded.

However, this was necessary!

“The third thing is survival! In my opinion, what is the most important thing in our future interstellar expedition? To stay alive! Living was more important than anything else!

“Therefore, I’ll give everyone something to save their lives today. The original members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders will each have an Origin Crystal ability seal card made by a Planetary realm powerhouse.

“Seize the opportunity yourself!”

The members of the pioneer raiders were stunned again. The 20 Origin Crystal ability seal cards made by Planetary realm powerhouses that Xu Tui had asked for were all given to them.

This…

This was the first time many members had seen an Origin Crystal ability seal card. There was no need to mention the excitement.

The meeting ended in excitement for all the members. The regiment commander was too generous. He actually distributed the Origin Crystal ability seal cards of a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui did not think much of it. Firstly, these unrestricted Origin Crystal ability seal cards were no longer of much use to him. Secondly, if it was given to the other members, the probability of them surviving at the critical moment would be much higher.

If they really encountered danger, even a Planetary realm powerhouse would be injured if three to five of them used their cards at once.

The meeting ended. The members left happily. Xu Tui was also very happy. However, he suddenly felt that something was wrong.

Yanzi was here.

An Xiaoxue was beside him.

“Commander, I want to talk to you alone,” Yanzi suddenly said.

Xu Tui instantly felt a little troubled. He had paid a huge price for Yanzi’s breakthrough that day. It had even caused a little internal problem, although it had subsided. However, no one would believe that there was nothing between Xu Tui and Yanzi when it came to personal matters.

On the contrary, most people felt that there was definitely something going on between the regiment commander and Yanzi.

Xu Tui could not take it anymore if Yanzi came over directly.

“You guys chat. I’ll go cultivate first.” An Xiaoxue glanced at Xu Tui and left.

“Let’s go to the command center.” Xu Tui thought about it and brought Yanzi to the command center. This was a suitable place. It would definitely not be appropriate to go to a private room. “What is it? Tell me.”

Yanzi bit her lip and stared at Xu Tui. She suddenly asked, “Commander, did you save me yesterday to plot against the secret technique made by my quantum jade core? Or is it because of me?” Xu Tui was stunned. He was about to sav something when Yanzi interrupted him. “You’d better think carefullv

before answering.”

Xu Tui smiled bitterly and said slowly, “Would you believe me if I said both?”

“Yes!” Yanzi nodded heavily. Then, she handed a small booklet to Xu Tui. “Burn it after reading it. The three key secrets of refining a quantum jade core! With this, you should be able to refine a quantum jade core yourself.”

Xu Tui was stunned.

“From today onwards, I am no longer valuable to you!” After saying that, Yanzi left, leaving Xu Tui behind..