Chapter 1205 - 1205: Lei Tian’S Surprise

Chapter 1205: Lei Tian’s Surprise

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the night of August 9, 2139, the Sun Storm Project entered a full implementation phase.

Pei Tiefeng, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector, was the first to arrive at the Purple Stone Asteroid from Planet Spirit through the quantum teleportation channel that had just been built.

According to the known information, the Purple Stone Asteroid was only six days away from Planet Kono. If it was the speed of a Planetary realm powerhouse, it would only take three to four days.

At the same time, the Purple Stone Asteroid was only 12 days away from another transportation hub planet of the Spiritual Race.

It was a very good asteroid. However, the location of this asteroid would change because of the overlapping gravitational waves of the surrounding planets.

It was the closest time for this asteroid to the Planet Kono and Ceres. In half a year, the Purple Stone Asteroid would be more than 30 days away from the Planet Kono.

There were many such asteroids in the asteroid belt. This was also the reason why the Spiritual Race did not set up defenses.

The quantum teleportation channel between Planet Spirit and Purple Stone Asteroid was still at the same level. It could only teleport one Planetary realm a

day.

For this Sun Storm Plan, the Blue Star had used a total of 19 Planetary realm powerhouses.

The Huaxia Sector, the American Sector, and the India Sector each sent out three Planetary realm experts. The Africa Sector sent out a Planetary realm expert. The other sectors, including The Myth, each sent out two Planetary realm experts.

However, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector was Erera.

Erera had to be present. Otherwise, not many people would be able to withstand Lei Tian’s anger.

At the same time, the commander-in-chief of the Sun Storm Plan was Raymont, who was a Planetary realm powerhouse.

However, in the past few years, most people had neglected Raymont’s own strength when he was the director of the Genetic Committee.

This time, Raymont used the strength of a Planetary realm powerhouse as the foundation to obtain the authority of the commander-in-chief. As for the extra-terrestrial people in charge of the other organizations, other than the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, the strongest of them, including Wei Bin, was only a quasi-planet.

In such a plan, once the enemy discovered it, it was easy for them to execute a beheading operation.

Therefore, the commander-in-chief of this operation had to be in the Planetary realm. However, it was impossible to let the Lord of Myths, Ullr, be the commander-in-chief. Others, such as Cai Shaochu, Itavi, or Haren, would definitely object. Therefore, Raymont was the commander-in-chief of the Sun Storm Plan.

In the end, including the power of Xu Tui’s Planet Spirit, there were 21 Planetary realm powerhouses participating in the battle.

Xu Tui’s Yin Liu and Yin Ba, including Xu Tui, had to participate in the battle. They could be considered guides. It was also a guarantee.

Starting from August 9th, the Planetary realm powerhouses gathered on Planet Spirit began to gather on the Purple Stone Asteroid one by one a day. According to his estimates, it would take 21 days to gather.

It was a little long. However, it was already considered fast. If they flew over by an aircraft, it would take three months if everything went smoothly.

It was time for Xu Tui’s power to be transferred. However, the question was how many people to bring to participate in the battle and how many people to leave behind to guard Planet Spirit.

According to the agreement of the Sun Storm Plan, Xu Tui had to go personally.

Xu Tui had considered this for a long time. On the surface, Planet Spirit looked very safe, but that might not be the case. It was necessary to have some people stay behind. They had to stay behind to guard the members of the Transmutation Realm. If they were unlucky, they might be finished if they were rubbed against.

However, how many quasi-planets should he leave behind?

Xu Tui considered this question for a long time.

If there was really a certain faction plotting against Xu Tui’s Planet Spirit and the Huaxia Sector did not stop them, then the other party must have sent out a large number of Planetary realm powerhouses. @@novelbin@@

In that case, it would be meaningless for Xu Tui to guard with two to three or even four quasi-planetary experts. There had to be two to three quasi-planetary realm powerhouses to barely hold back a Planetary realm powerhouse.

There were only seven quasi-planetary experts under Xu Tui, including An Xiaoxue and Yanzi. If they were dispersed, their strength would become very weak.

If they were gathered together, including Yin Ba, Yin Liu, and Xu Tui’s combat strength, they would be able to deal with four to five Planetary realm experts. It would be a very powerful combat strength.

Due to this, Xu Tui finally decided that other than the members below the quasi-planetary realm of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, only the Spirit Queen was left behind. The other Planetary realms and quasi-planetary realms would all participate in the battle.

Instead of dispersing his strength, it was better to gather his strength together.

If there were really changes to Planet Spirit, two to three quasi-planetary experts would not be able to change anything.

As for the Spirit Queen, she had to stay.

If the Spirit Queen stayed, the billions of ant beasts on Planet Spirit would all be under the control of the Spirit Queen. After Xu Tui and the others went to battle, a portion of the ant beasts would gather near the first main base to guard it.

At the same time, in the worst-case scenario, these hundreds of millions of ant beasts would be an excellent defense.

Although the seven sectors and an organization had all moved in and had secretly investigated, the true owners of Planet Spirit were actually these ant beasts.

“Principal, the Huaxia Sector will station a Planetary realm powerhouse on Planet Spirit, right?” This time, the situation was too complicated. Xu Tui had to be careful.

“Yes!”

“We can definitely trust him, right?”

“Don’t worry, it’s from the military! There will also be a few quasi-planetary experts and experts from the other sectors. This is a way out. Don’t worry about safety.”

Cai Shaochu’s promise reassured Xu Tui.

On the 24th of August, Xu Tui brought a group of quasi-planets and officially stepped onto the Purple Stone Asteroid from the quantum teleportation channel of Planet Spirit.

Just as Xu Tui stepped onto the Purple Stone Asteroid, Lei Gen, who had failed to launch an attack on Planet Spirit, brought a group of survivors and returned to the forward operating base of Planet Kono after a few rounds of reconnaissance.

He reported the course of the battle to Lei Tian in person.

Lei Tian had been holding back his anger. He had planned to beat Lei Gen half to death first. After this guy broke through to the quasi-planetary realm, he had become arrogant.

As a result, they were defeated this time!

He actually had the guts to report the course of the battle.

That’s right. Lei Tian felt that Lei Gen had reported falsely. It should be to avoid punishment. He did not expect Lei Tian to be stunned when Lei Gen personally explained the course of the battle in front of him through the multi-angle battle recording.

From the battle process, Lei Gen’s battle decision, including Lei Hong’s, was not wrong.

There was only one mistake—Xu Tui’s battle strategy was too correct. His strength was also too strange.

“Let me see the multi-angle video of Xu Tui’s sword,” Lei Tian said with a frown.

“Alright, Sir.”

Thirty seconds later, the image suddenly froze. In the image, the dark-colored small sword that flew out of Xu Tui’s head instantly made Lei Tian stand up with a frown. His eyes widened.. “This sword is…”