Chapter 1207 - 1207: The Eve Of The Operation

Chapter 1207: The Eve of the Operation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Sun Storm Plan that Xu Tui had come up with in the beginning was actually very simple. It was to use Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others as bait to lure the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base to attack. Then, they would use the attack to weaken Lei Tian.

Then, they would launch a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base and establish victory.

However, an accident happened during this process. The Spiritual Race came to attack Planet Spirit first. Under extremely difficult circumstances, Xu Tui turned the tables.

They had lost five Planetary realm experts from the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, including a valiant general like Lei Hong.

It could be considered to have weakened the power of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. Although this weakening did not meet the expectations of the plan, it had also reached the lower limit of the expected weakening.

However, the changes in the battle were extremely complicated.

The failure of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base’s attack on Planet Spirit might sound a warning bell for the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

This was especially so since Yin Ba, who had surrendered to Planet Spirit, was exposed in front of Lei Tian and the others.

Would the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base be prepared for this?

This was also what the Blue Star was worried about. This was the prerequisite for the military meeting. In this military operation, Raymont was the commander-in-chief of the battlefield, and Cai Shaochu and Haren were the deputy commander-in-chief of the battlefield.

Xu Tui was given the title of second-in-command of the staff officers, but it was actually useless. After all, there were not even a hundred participants in this battle. The range of participants in the military meeting was rather small. They were basically representatives of the one organization and the seven sectors of the Blue Star.

Including Raymont and Xu Tui, there were a total of ten participants.

The first person Xu Tui saw when he entered the meeting venue was Itavi. His heart instantly trembled. He immediately had a bad feeling when he thought about the discovery of Tri Ling Ding.

Did the high-level communication colonies of the other Ling that Tri Ling Ding had discovered have anything to do with Itavi?

Up until now, Xu Tui had completely confirmed that Black Hole was Itavi, especially since he had seen it with his own eyes last time.

However, there was still no evidence. There was no concrete evidence.

Only Xu Tui knew in his heart. If the aura of the high-level colony of the other Ling that Tri Ling Ding had sensed just now was Itavi, then this battle…

Suddenly, Xu Tui was a little worried about the future.

“Alright, everyone knows the situation. We will complete the final assembly in two days. Then, the battle plan has to be confirmed. Previously, because of the change in the Planet Spirit, the original battle plan had been canceled.

“Now, we have used the supernatural abilities of a few Planetary realm powerhouses to confirm that the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base is on Planet Kono, which is five days away from us. If a Planetary realm powerhouse was traveling, it would only be three days’ journey away from us.

However, there were currently four outer space military defense fortresses discovered on Planet Kono. According to the previous information, there was definitely a Planetary realm powerhouse and three quasi-planetary experts stationed in these outer space military defense fortresses.

There were also technological arms that could kill Planetary realm powerhouses in the short and medium-range. This was only the first star chain of Planet Kono. According to the intelligence, Planet Kono still had the second star chain as the outer defense system.

“Based on the combined information, we have decided to steadily advance the most crucial step of the Sun Storm plan. Use the safest steps to tear open the second and first star chains of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base and capture the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.”

Xu Tui’s brows immediately twitched when he heard that.

Commander-in -chief Raymont’s gaze also swept past Xu Tui’s face at this moment. “Many people must have different thoughts about this plan. Originally, this was a military order. I disdain to explain. However, everyone will have to risk their lives in the future, so I’ll explain.

“First of all, this plan had been approved by the higher-ups of the Blue Star before they came. At the same time, it also obtained the support of most of the people present.

“Secondly, this plan has one flaw or another, but it can avoid our most fatal problem. Personally, I think that the most fatal problem in the Blue Star is the high-level traitor, Black Hole, and the traitor organization, Dawn Salvation.

“Currently, we have not found Black Hole or Dawn Salvation, much less extinct them. Did they have the possibility of informing the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base? I think so! If we fight a battle or a blitzkrieg battle, all kinds of extreme situations might happen.

“However, so what if the Spiritual Race already knows our strategy?”

At this point, Commander-in-chief Raymont, a Planetary realm powerhouse who had been the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee for decades, shouted in the most determined tone, “This time, we must chase the Spiritual

Race out of the solar system! The solar system will definitely belong to the Blue Star humans.”

The applause was sparse and gradually became enthusiastic.

Xu Tui’s attention, including his spiritual resonance, landed on Itavi. However, Itavi was an old thief. Even when Raymont mentioned the Black Hole, his aura did not change at all. He was extremely calm.

“Next, I will begin to assign combat missions! At the same time, we will enter a state of war. Next, we will carry out military orders!” Raymont’s tone instantly became stern. @@novelbin@@

Actually, Xu Tui hoped that the plan to attack the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base this time would be a surprise attack and assassination. They used the high speed of the Planetary realm powerhouses to charge straight into Planet Kono. Before Lei Tian could react, they destroyed their command center.

The defense system of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base on Planet

Kono was actually similar to the Blile Star’s Moon Defense system

Although they also had quantum teleportation channels to communicate, there were Planetary realm powerhouses guarding various vital points.

In other words, the power was scattered. Even if an accident happened and they could gather in a short period of time, it would still take time to gather. It was just like the last time Lei Tian attacked the moon. He had almost taken over the moon.

Similarly, if the Blue Star humans were to launch a surprise attack on the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, it would be equivalent to the Blue Star humans gathering their strength. The strength of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base would be scattered.

This was an advantage!

It was also Xu Tui’s initial thought. However, just as Raymont had said, the traitor Black Hole and Dawn Salvation were the two greatest unexpected factors that had to be considered. Otherwise, if a large number of Planetary realm powerhouses were buried here after being tricked once, the Blue Star might not have a future.

There was no need for more than half of the Planetary realm powerhouses to die in battle. As long as more than a third of the Planetary realm powerhouses died in battle, the future Blue Star humans would have to defend the Earth, Moon and Phobos again.

They had to return all the territories they had occupied in the asteroid belt.

This was the risk of an assassination.

On the other hand, Raymont’s current plan of steadily advancing might make the battle a little more difficult. One or two more Planetary realm powerhouses might die in battle, but it could prevent extreme situations from happening.

Xu Tui had originally had a different thought. However, Tri Ling Ding’s sudden discovery today made Xu Tui extinguish this different thought. He advanced steadily with the goal of stability. Wasn’t that so?

Raymont’s military action plan was extremely detailed, including every team.

On the team, it was naturally divided into teams in the form of an organization.

Xu Tui’s forces had also been given a separate formation. However, it was combined with the forces of the Africa Sector. There was only one Planetary realm powerhouse and three quasi-planetary experts from the Africa Sector who had come to participate in the battle. They were considered the weakest unit.

They would merge with Xu Tui’s team and become a combat unit.

Xu Tui could accept working with the Africa Sector.

The military meeting was held in a top-secret state. After it ended, Xu Tui gave an internal battle notice.

Two hours later, after Erera teleported over, the operation would begin. However, half an hour after the military meeting ended, Tri Ling Ding reported again and sensed the aura of the high-level colonies of the other Ling.

However, he could not sense where it was. He could only sense that the location was not far.

Xu Tui immediately looked for Cai Shaochu..