Chapter 1206 - 1206: Lei Tian’S Secret Mission And Unexpected Situation

Chapter 1206: Lei Tian’s Secret Mission and Unexpected Situation

“Immortal Slaying Sword! Ancient Immortal Slaying Sword!” Lei Tian had a shocked expression. He slowly watched the battle recording over and over again. “Dark color, invisible, and intangible. It specializes in killing mental bodies and is extremely powerful. It should be the ancient Immortal Slaying Sword that the elders of the Sanctuary asked me to pay special attention to.”

At the side, Lei Gen had a confused expression. “Sir, what is the ancient

Immortal Slaying Sword? Is it very powerful?”

Lei Tian slowly shook his head. “I don’t know, either. I’ve never seen it before. However, before I came to the solar system, the Sanctuary Elder instructed me on a few secret missions. Up until now, I had only discovered one secret mission that was similar to finding the ancient Immortal Slaying Sword. I had not discovered anything else. However, today, I discovered this ancient Immortal Slaying Sword!

“What a pity…” Lei Tian suddenly let out a long sigh.

“Sir, why is it a pity?

“It’s a pity that our previous defeat made me take this path. Otherwise, this discovery alone would be enough to make the Sanctuary send another portion of our elite forces,” Lei Tian said.

“Can’t we do it now?” Lei Gen was puzzled.

“The elders of the Sanctuary are not fools. The people brought by Elder Chi Jing who came to reinforce us are still trapped outside the high-temperature fire wall of the solar system.

“The temporary quantum teleportation channel that connects the inside and outside is coincidentally broken. If they didn’t become suspicious, how could they have become a Sanctuary elder?” Lei Tian said.

Lei Gen also nodded regretfully. The reinforcements sent by the Sanctuary would have become their own strength if they did not have an elder leading them. Unfortunately…

“Then what about Xu Tui? And the ancient Immortal Slaying Sword?” Lei Gen asked.

“There’s no need to be wary on the battlefield. Kill them if you can! Of course, it would be best if you have the chance to capture them alive. If I encounter them, I will definitely capture them alive.

“This ancient Immortal Slaying Sword was something that even the elders of the Sanctuary were afraid of. Moreover, I guess that the elders of the Sanctuary are not afraid of the ancient Immortal Slaying Sword itself, but of the thing behind it.”

As he muttered, Lei Tian waved his hand. “Arrange for the others to rest. Then, come to the command center to be the chief of staff for the next few days. Lei Qian has just given birth and can’t come here to help recently.

“Contact the Blue Star through the public channel of both sides and confirm Lei Hong’s condition. See if you can exchange it for Lei Hong.”

“Alright, Sir.” Lei Gen heaved a sigh of relief.

He had passed this stage. However, Lei Gen knew very well that other than the fact that Lei Tian was in a good mood, the other reason was that Lei Tian was short-handed. He lacked people he could trust.

A few minutes later, Lei Tian appeared in his private residence. In a very warm room, a very muscular baby was being hugged by Lei Qian. He had his mouth full as he sucked.

This scene made Lei Tian smile.

A son.

Lei Qian had given him a son. He was very healthy! Moreover, he had personally checked that this son of his had inherited most of his outstanding genes. Furthermore, it was a powerful genetic chain.

Without a doubt, his child would have the combat strength of the Genetic Evolution Realm when he was close to adulthood at the age of 15.

This was the power of bloodline.

“How’s Ji’er?” Lei Tian named his child Lei Ji!

“He’s very obedient and powerful. He eats more and more every day. Look, he’s greeting you.” The baby in Lei Qian’s arms sucked as he subconsciously waved a small hand at Lei Tian. Lei Tian could not help but go over and hug him when he saw him. However, it caused the child to cry. “Sir, how’s the situation outside? Does Lord Lei Gen’s failure have much of an impact?”

“Don’t worry. Lei Gen has returned. There are no problems with the situation.

It’s just that they encountered an extreme situation.”

Lei Qian nodded slightly. Lei Tian sat over and hugged Lei Qian and her son. Just as he entered his arms, his communication device rang. A message appeared in his eyes. “Sir, Black Hole, who I haven’t been able to contact for a long time, sent a contact message saying that he has important information to trade with you.”

“What important information?

“He said that he wants to talk to you personally. He also wants you to agree to his conditions first.”

“How did he contact us?”

“He used the two-way communication disk we gave him to contact him.”

“Can you locate it?”

“He seems to be intentionally interfering and can’t locate it! If we want to locate it, we have to have the original body of the Ling Clan.”

After some consideration, Lei Tian nodded. “Make an appointment with him. I’ll talk to him.”

After saying that, Lei Tian’s expression clearly became heavier. At this moment, did the high-ranking traitor of the Blue Star humans, Black Hole, want to trade with him for important information, or did he want him to fulfill the conditions first?

Didn’t that mean that Black Hole was extremely confident in this deal and thought that it would definitely tempt him? Could it be that the Blue Star humans had made some major moves recently? Or was there any action? Amidst his confusion, Lei Tian teased Lei Qian and her son for a while before heading to the command center again.

The sudden connection with Black Hole gave him a reminder.

Perhaps he had to observe the situation in the solar system in all aspects, especially after Yin Ba and Yin Six of the Mechanical Spirit Race surrendered to Xu Tui.

Due to Ah Huang’s early arrival, a very simple temporary shelter had been built underground. It could be considered a single room.

However, this was mainly targeted at quasi-planetary powerhouses. Planetary realm powerhouses did not need such a temporary shelter. They could stay wherever they wanted to be comfortable as long as they did not go overboard with the explosive power fluctuations.

“Xu Tui, Mr. Raymont is going to hold a last-minute military meeting in three hours. Mr. Raymont has called for you. You need to participate. Moreover, Yin Ba and Yin Liu need to answer certain questions. You need to stay online.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

“Got it.” Xu Tui nodded and continued to close his eyes, and continued to train with An Xiaoxue. He and An Xiaoxue had been cultivating with all their might for the past month.

Perhaps it was because An Xiaoxue’s cultivation had broken through to the quasi-planetary realm, but the effect of An Xiaoxue assisting Xu Tui in his cultivation had suddenly increased greatly. @@novelbin@@

In the past, Xu Tui would be considered fast if he could build seven to eight internal circulation channels in a day.

However, as An Xiaoxue broke through to the quasi-planetary realm, Xu Tui could now construct more than 13 internal circulation channels a day with the help of An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue’s cultivation speed also increased with Xu Tui’s help. However, she was still slower than Xu Tui.

An Xiaoxue could currently construct 10 internal circulation channels a day. It was just that cultivation consumed a lot of energy.

However, Xu Tui did not lack Origin Crystals at all. A few days ago, Xu Tui had just sold nine more sets of quantum array cores and obtained a large number of Origin Crystals.

In Cai Shaochu’s words, the current Xu Tui was truly rich enough to rival a country. He is the walking treasury!

A large consumption of energy brought about a faster cultivation speed. Xu Tui estimated that his cultivation speed was more than ten times that of others.

For example, the number of Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had distributed to Yan Lie, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and the others was extremely sufficient for their cultivation.

However, even under such an extremely abundant supply of Origin Crystals and under the circumstances of bitter cultivation, Qu Qingshan, whose cultivation speed was the fastest, would build an internal circulation channel every day. Wen Shao and Yan Lie would have two every three days.

This speed was considered very fast.

It was several times that of ordinary cultivators.

However, Xu Tui’s cultivation speed was still more than ten times that of theirs.

Based on this speed, Xu Tui’s cultivation for a month was equivalent to the cultivation of Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and the others for more than a year. It was a few years of bitter cultivation for ordinary cultivators.

Of course, his strength had also increased greatly.

In this month, both An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui had placed the focus of building the internal circulation channels on the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

There were at least 300 of them.

Their mind power doubled. This doubled increase was compared to a month ago, when he was fighting Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo.

“Xu Tui, I feel that my 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain can condense a star now,” An Xiaoxue suddenly said while she was cultivating.

“Condense a star?” Xu Tui’s pupils constricted. Condensing a star actually represented the satellite that condensed the main star. If she successfully condensed another star, it meant that An Xiaoxue was about to break through to the Planetary realm.

After an instant of confusion, Xu Tui shook his head. “No, you can’t condense a star now. You just broke through to the quasi-planetary realm. If you want to condense a star, you have to do it in three months.”

“I know. That’s what I mean. Besides, breaking through to the Planetary realm is not only about condensing a star. The main star is also very important. You have to be careful when choosing the location of the breakthrough,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was relieved when he heard An Xiaoxue’s words. Actually, on the other hand, what was Xu Tui worried about? An Xiaoxue was Xu Tui’s teacher.

Xu Tui could not understand his current cultivation state. In any case, he was constantly building the internal circulation channels of the 72-point Great

Genetic Chain.

Xu Tui wanted to see if it was possible for him to break through to the quasi-planetary realm with his mind power as the main body. After all, mind power was the foundation of everything!

Of course, it was just a thought.

Xu Tui did not have a clear idea of his future.

“Xu Tui, Tri Ling Ding reported an unexpected situation.” While he was thinking, Ah Huang’s voice sounded again.

“What situation I”

“Tri Ling Ding said that he discovered the aura of another Ling Clan.”

“Another Ling Clan? Another Ling Clan’s original body?”

“No, he discovered the aura of another high-level colony of the Ling Clan.” Xu Tui stood in shock when he heard that. The greatest function of the high-level colony of the Ling Clan was communication. “Where? Where exactly were you found?”

“He said that it flashed and seemed to be hiding! But it shouldn’t be too far away from us.”

“How far is it if not too far?”

“It can’t be sure because it’s covered up. However, we can confirm that it’s undoubtedly another high-level colony.” Ah Huang’s report made Xu Tui frown and fall into deep thought. Not long after, Ah Huang’s voice rang out again. “Xu Tui, the military meeting called by Mr. Raymont is about to begin.”

“Got it..”