Chapter 1201 - 1201: Internal Dissatisfaction And Restart (2)

Chapter 1201: Internal Dissatisfaction and Restart (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I understand, but Commander…”

“Let me finish first. You already know about the recent Sun Storm Plan, right?”

“I know, Commander. However, Yin Liu and Yin Ba know about the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base and other relevant information. Yanzi is not the only one.”

Xu Tui instantly glared at Yan Lie when he heard that. “Kid, can you hear me out?” Yan Lie felt a little weak and quickly nodded. “Since you want to tell me, let me ask you. Do you know the key to the Sun Storm Project?”

“The exact location and defense system of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. ”

Xu Tui pointed at his head when he heard that. “Use more brains. We knew the exact location of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base more than half a year ago- Why are we only planning to actiyate the Slin Storm Plan now?”

“This…

“Let me give you a hint. Do you know why Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo attacked

Yanzi?”

This hint made Yan Lie’s eyes light up. “I understand, Commander. The quantum array core. Did you get the quantum array core from Yanzi?”

“At least you’re not stupid to death!”

Yan Lie was silent for a moment. “If that’s the case, we have to protect Yanzi no matter how much we have to pay.” With that, Yan Lie stood up. “Commander, I’ll tell them.”

“Just say that it’s related to the quantum array core. Itavi peeped at Yanzi a few days ago. Do you really think that old ghost Itavi is greedy for beauty? “Commander, I was wrong. If I have such thoughts in the future, whip me!”

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when Yan Lie left quickly. He did not expect that his strong support for Yanzi’s breakthrough would attract internal dissatisfaction. Fortunately, they were all brothers who had lived and died together. He asked directly.

It would be easy to solve.

In reality, other than the good impression brought about by the inexplicable fusion of his mental body with Yanzi, Xu Tui did not have any other thoughts.

Xu Tui did not lie to Yan Lie. Everything he said was the truth. He had completed the production of the quantum array core independently. However, the quantum jade core was still a problem.

Xu Tui had once thought that he had already grasped the process of Yanzi making the quantum jade core while he was fusing with her mental body. Originally, the purple flames were a problem. However, Xu Tui had also instantiated them. Furthermore, after this period of cultivation, he had reached a certain level.

Xu Tui felt that he could already make a quantum jade core. Once he could make a quantum jade core independently, the value of Yanzi would decrease again.

Xu Tui felt that his method of secretly learning was a little shameless. After all, Yanzi trusted him and allowed his mental body to enter.

However, Xu Tui felt that he had learned it immediately and was useless the moment he did it. About five to six days ago, Xu Tui felt that the purple flames that he had instantiated were almost done cultivating. He began to try to refine the quantum jade core himself.

However, he only knew the problem after he tried it out himself.

Xu Tui only understood after he wasted five portions of materials. It might still be a problem with the method. There should be some small details that he did not know. After all, Xu Tui was only watching the process of him fusing with Yanzi’s mind power to refine the quantum jade core.

There should be some small details or key secrets that Xu Tui had yet to master.

That was fatal.

If he asked Yanzi directly, she would definitely not tell him.

Xu Tui understood that the importance of Yanzi in a short period of time was unparalleled. Unless Xu Tui could find a large number of materials to refine the quantum jade core, he would not be at ease if he had at least 1,000 sets of quantum jade cores.

A thousand quantum array cores were equivalent to 2,000 quantum jade cores. The meteorite ashes and Purple Star Crystals he obtained last time were only enough to refine 100 quantum jade cores.

Coupled with the fact that Yanzi had failed a lot previously and that Xu Tui had wasted a lot, it was already not bad that they could produce 40 sets of quantum array cores.

It was not enough. It was far from enough! @@novelbin@@

Therefore, he had to save Yanzi today!

Itavi and the others were very accurate. Yanzi was currently the key to the quantum array core, although it was not what they had imagined.

But then again, Xu Tui could not leave Yanzi in the lurch even if he put aside this layer of utilitarianism.

“Xu Tui, Haren’s compensation has been gathered. Ruan Tianzuo said that his compensation is about to be gathered. As long as the teleportation of the Quantum Tunnel is restored, it will be handed over to you immediately.

“Itavi said that he still needed some time. He would be able to hand over all the compensation to you in about two days. What I mean is, can the teleportation of the quantum teleportation channel be restored now? After all, it could only teleport one Planetary realm powerhouse a day.

“Once the Sun Storm Plan is implemented, time will be extremely precious.” Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, took the initiative to contact Xu Tui.

“Mr. Raymont, I’ve said before that if the compensation is not enough, I’m unwilling to carry out the Sun Storm Plan. Otherwise, who would I reason with?” Xu Tui replied.

“Xu Tui, I can guarantee it! In the name of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, I can guarantee…”

“Mr. Raymont, you gave me a similar guarantee when Itavi and the others arrived on Planet Spirit. You guaranteed that Itavi and the others would definitely not spy on my base. They would definitely not spy on Planet Spirit. They would only stay in the temporary gathering base. But now…” “I’m sorry! We didn’t restrain them enough, but now, we definitely won’t…”

“I just want the compensation to be in place first! Mr. Raymont, it’s not that I don’t believe your guarantee. It’s just that your restrictions on Planetary realm powerhouses are more limited.” Xu Tui did not give him any face.

Raymont was speechless.

“By the way, Mr. Raymont, let me remind you again. I don’t want you to ignore my request. I need to solemnly remind you that I’ve already graduated and am no longer a student! I hope that you can take my attitude seriously!

“In the first six days after the restoration of the quantum teleportation channel, the people who had been teleported over had to be Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses from the Huaxia Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Africa Sector.

“In comparison, I trust them more,” Xu Tui said.

“All right.” Raymont was speechless. “I just wanted to speed up the progress of the Sun Storm Plan.”

“It’s Itavi. You’re the ones delaying the progress and wasting time.”

“Alright, I’m sorry. I’ll rush them to compensate you as soon as possible.” Half a day later, Raymont contacted Xu Tui again. This time, he contacted Xu Tui. “Alright, Xu Tui. Prepare to receive the compensation. With the efforts of Itavi and us, the compensation has been reached. You can restore the teleportation channel.”

“Alright. According to my request, I need Principal Cai Shaochu to help me check the goods first. I’ll only collect them after I confirm that there are no problems.”

“Alright, we’ll do everything according to your request.” Raymont agreed readily.

“Ah Huang, invest your Origin Crystals and prepare to restart the quantum teleportation channel targeting the transit planet,” Xu Tui ordered.

On the afternoon of August 3rd, the temporary quantum teleportation channel that had been interrupted for two days was activated again..