Chapter 1211 - 1211: Blue Star’S Backup

Chapter 1211: Blue Star’s Backup

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Mid-micro particle chain bombs were a new generation of nuclear weapons made by the Mechanical Spirit Race that was half a generation ahead of the Blue Star Humans. This kind of nuclear weapon did not have much power alone. It was far inferior to a three-phase thermal bomb.

But the key was the word ‘chain’.

A certain number of particle bombs would explode. The particles would explode because of the force field, then form waves of continuous explosions. Under such continuous explosions, not to mention Planetary realm powerhouses, if there were enough of them, a planet would be shattered into nothingness.

Other than that, the most important thing was that the spatial lockdown could attack on a large scale. It was not like the three-phase thermal bomb, which only had one point that was the most lethal.

The lethality of all locations within the range of the chain of explosions was the same. Basically, 10 mid-micro particle bombs could threaten the lives of Planetary realm powerhouses. At this moment, there were at least 300 mid-micro particle bombs blasting into this space.

The 300 mid -micro particle bombs covered an area of at least 100 kilometers. Even a Planetary realm powerhouse would need about three seconds to dodge.

At that moment, Xu Tui was stunned.

Xu Tui hesitated the moment he held An Xiaoxue’s hand.

He really hesitated!

Should he escape just like that?

Xu Tui’s feelings at this moment were indescribably complicated. At the same time, Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong suddenly began to shapeshift. “Commander, gather. The mid-micro particle chain bombs belong to our race. At the cost of the energy core self-destructing, we can create a pure area without any particles. It will greatly weaken the power of the mid-micro particle chain bomb.”

“You guys…’

“Quick! Commander!” Yin Liulong and Yin Wushu became anxious.

“Commander, thank you. We were very happy to stay in this regiment.”

At the same time, Commander-in-chief Raymont’s roar suddenly came from Xu Tui’s communication device. “Open the box that I gave you before we set off.

All teams, gather!”

In the distance, a mysterious person in a combat uniform suddenly flashed out from behind Commander Raymont. The moment the mysterious person appeared, an extremely powerful spatial fluctuation instantly appeared.

The moment Xu Tui opened the black box that he had given out before he set off, an extremely powerful spatial fluctuation jumped out and enveloped Xu Tui and the other 14 people. A large number of mid-micro bombs also exploded at this moment. Powerful energy fluctuations instantly covered the entire sky.

At the same time, the spatial fluctuations that enveloped Xu Tui and the others trembled. Xu Tui and the others disappeared on the spot.

With a flash of light, they appeared 300 kilometers away. The 14 of them were all intact. Not a single one of them was injured.

Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong were stunned at first, then they cheered. God knew how much courage the two of them had used just now to sacrifice themselves for Commander Xu Tui.

At this moment, Xu Tui finally had the time to take a deep look at Yin Wushu and Yin Jiulong.

These two Mechanical Spirits were the first to be captured by Xu Tui. In the beginning, they were only at the Transmutation Realm. Later on, they were deliberately nurtured and broke through to the quasi-planetary realm. It was also because they had used the things of a Planetary realm powerhouse. Now, one was at the late-stage of the quasi-planetary realm, and the other was at the mid-stage.

Their strengths were not bad. However, their actions just now surprised Xu Tui. It seemed that other than nurturing their strength, Xu Tui did not deliberately take care of them. He only treated them as normal members.

The same scene happened in four teams at the same time. The four teams that had been locked onto by the mid-micro particle chain bomb were all saved by this spatial movement ability.

Xu Tui broke out in a cold sweat. More than half of the experts of the Blue Star were almost killed in this wave of ambush.

There was a traitor!

There was a high chance that Black Hole had betrayed the news.

Xu Tui could not help but stare in the direction of the India Sector team. He hated a traitor like Itavi!

In the India Sector, Itavi, who had just survived a disaster, turned pale. The situation was different from what he had imagined. His initial thought was to let the people of the Huaxia Sector be tricked. He did not expect Lei Tian to be too ruthless and sinister.

He had thought that Lei Tian might deduce that there were other forces attacking. However, he did not expect Lei Tian to give up on the number one Star Chain Fortress that the forward operating base had taken many years to develop.

Instead, they counterattack using the Empty Fort Strategy to expose all their strength.

According to Itavi’s thoughts, Lei Tian might ambush a large number of soldiers at the third or fourth space fortress and devour the power of the Huaxia Sector or Xu Tui.

However, Lei Tian had more appetite than he had imagined. At this moment, Itavi was most nervous about the attitude of the Blue Star. Before he set off, he had indeed received a black box and asked their people to carry it with them. He had thought that it was to record the situation of the battle.

He did not expect it to be such a life-saving move. It was only because Commander-in -chief Raymont or the Blue Star had expected the worst that they were prepared. However, it did not explain the function of the black box.

This meant that the Blue Star was already on high alert against the traitor, Black Hole. In other words, this traitor, Black Hole, had already angered everyone. He had to be careful.

He had to use this identity more carefully in the future. He had to erase a portion of the information as soon as possible. As long as there was no solid evidence, no one could do anything to him!

On the other side, Cai Shaochu also heaved a sigh of relief.

Just now, Cai Shaochu had five escape cards in his hand. The dilemma was indescribable. Who should he give the five cards that could allow him to escape? It was too much of a pain to make such a decision.

Fortunately, the Blue Star was still prepared. He wondered how Jagren, who had used this technique, was doing.

The person who used this technique was definitely the Planetary realm powerhouse, Jagren, who was proficient in spatial power in the European Sector. Teleporting nearly a hundred people in four areas at the same time, as well as a large number of Planetary realm powerhouses, was a huge burden and consumption.

Almost at the same time, blood suddenly spurted out of the helmet of the Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector, Jagren, who was covered in his combat uniform. He instantly fell to the ground.

“How is he?” Raymont became anxious.

At the side, Erera casually carried Jagren and waved a ball of fire that enveloped Jagren. The fire fused into Erera’s body, and Jagren, a living person, disappeared.

“He’s fine, he exhausted his mind power and needs a good night’s sleep. It’s impossible for him to participate in the battle,” Erera said.

Raymont wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. Fortunately, he had prepared something else. Otherwise, it would be over today.

“Who is this Black Hole? All the Planetary realm experts present should be suspects. Do you have any direction of suspicion? I want to destroy him directly. As long as you narrow the range and kill two to three Planetary realm experts to destroy Black Hole, it will be worth it!” Erera’s gaze was cold. She licked her lips and swayed fiercely.

Raymont quickly shook his head. He had many doubts, but he did not dare to say them. If he said that, and he was really destroyed by Erera, the Blue Star would really be in chaos!

But Raymont was really angry today.

Originally, Jagren could be considered another trump card for the Blue Star’s operation. If not for the fact that he wanted to save his life, he would have been able to kill at least two to three Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race with his relevant abilities in the later stages.

Under such circumstances, the Blue Star would basically be able to lock onto the situation.

But now, they were going to fall into a bitter battle. He had originally thought that the traitor, Black Hole, would make a choice in the face of the big picture for his personal benefit. After all, the interests of the Blue Star were also personal.

However, he did not expect this Black Hole to be so crazy that it wanted to bury all the experts on the Blue Star.

It was too crazy and bad! Even Dawn Salvation was not that crazy and bad!

Raymont felt that he had to play with Black Hole after this battle.

In the distance, the smile on Lei Tian’s face froze and disappeared the moment his four locked-on groups teleported.

This was a situation that he had recommended based on Black Hole’s words. Then, he used a large sum of money to give up on the four space fortresses and create an opportunity to severely injure the Blue Star experts.

After all, as long as the Blue Star experts were defeated, there was no point in the existence of these space fortresses. If they were destroyed, so be it.

However, on the Blue Star…

Even in the Spiritual Race, there were only two Sanctuary Elders who had such a large-scale spatial teleportation ability. This was the result of many years of research.

However, the Blue Star easily used it. @@novelbin@@

The Blue Star was indeed the place that the Holy Ancestor thought about day and night. The words ‘outstanding people and spiritual land’ were not exaggerated!

What a Ditv!

He could have determined the outcome with this wave. But now, it would depend on the next wave of operations. Originally, his next operation was just a contingency plan.

“Let’s implement the second plan.”

As soon as Lei Tian finished speaking, the area where Lei Tian and the others were focused immediately split into four groups and charged towards the four teams of the Blue Star humans.

At the same time, a dazzling barrage of bullets rose from afar again. It was another mid-micro particle chain bomb.

However, this time, the bullets were not aimed at a certain team. Basically, if they were on guard, a Planetary realm powerhouse would be able to escape before the barrage of bullets hit them.

Therefore, the reason for the barrage of bullets was to split the enemy. Then, it would give Lei Tian a chance to use his advantage to quickly destroy one of the four teams of the Blue Star humans.

The moment the operation began, Lei Tian transformed into the most dazzling ball of lightning in the universe. He used the lightning to bring a group of people and quickly blasted towards one of the teams.

At the same time, Erera instantly locked onto Lei Tian’s location.

“Lei Tian wants to attack Xu Tui’s team, who are attacking the fourth space fortress. I’m going!” Erera shouted and turned into flames.

However, just as she rushed out, a large number of mid-micro particle bullets landed, instantly forming a barrage of bullets that stopped Erera. At the same time, the expressions of Xu Tui, Yin Ba, Yin Liu, Bu Qingqiu, Markwa, and the others instantly changed.

That was because… Lei Tian had personally come!