Chapter 1212 - 1212: Prediction? (1)

Chapter 1212: Prediction? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

A large amount of lightning spread out 30 kilometers away, turning into shadows. The leader was naturally Lei Tian.

Just now, Lei Tian had used his ability to bring these 20-odd people over.

The reason why he stopped 30 kilometers away was because Lei Tian was being cautious.

He led his men and quickly dodged with lightning. It was fast, but it was very concentrated. If they were hit by the Blue Star’s three-phase thermal bombs or other supernatural being abilities, the losses would probably not be small.

More than 30 kilometers away, Lei Tian led five Planetary realm powerhouses and 15 quasi-planetary experts. There were a total of 21 people. They headed straight for Xu Tui’s team, which was near the fourth space fortress.

Even two to three days in advance, Lei Tian had made a judgment on the current situation through Itavi’s trading request.

However, Lei Tian experienced the difficulty of defending the Blue Star just now. Knowing that the enemy was coming and gathering the strongest power, he could give the enemy a head-on blow.

However, Lei Tian could not gather all the Planetary realm powerhouses at the forward operating base.

For example, they had to leave at least one to two Planetary realm experts to guard Planet Charon and Ceres.

If anything happened to either of these two planets, there would be a huge problem with the forward operating base.

There were a total of four Planetary realm powerhouses that Lei Tian could not transfer back for various reasons. There were a total of 22 Planetary realm powerhouses gathered at the forward operating base this time. They did not have much of an advantage in terms of numbers.

The only advantage might be the quality of the strong, the number of quasi-planets, and the home ground advantage.

Unfortunately, the first feast that Lei Tian had prepared for the Blue Star humans was broken by the Planetary realm powerhouse, Jagren, who had the Spatial Space ability.

Originally, this first feast was to kill half of the quasi-planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star this time. He had to kill at least five to six Planetary realm powerhouses to lock onto the victory.

He did not expect that he would only cripple the Planetary realm powerhouse, Jagren, who was proficient in spatial abilities.

Lei Tian could only activate Plan B.

The second plan was for Lei Tian to use his personal strength advantage to break through the enemy in a short period of time.

According to the information Black Hole had traded previously, he had given them the basic configuration of the forces to attack the third and fourth space fortresses. They were from the Huaxia Sector and Xu Tui from the Planet Spirit.

After an analysis, Lei Tian felt that Black Hole would not lie to him about this.

Based on the many details accumulated from his previous transactions with Black Hole, Lei Tian could basically determine that Black Hole was especially targeted at the Blue Star Huaxia Sector.

Black Hole revealed this information with the intention of killing someone with a borrowed knife.

However, Lei Tian was very willing to be this knife.

To Lei Tian, be it Black Hole, the Huaxia Sector, or Xu Tui, they were all enemies. Destroying one of the teams would establish the victory of this battle.

When war became an individual war between the elites, tactics became easier. Lei Tian had sensed Erera’s aura a long time ago. After using the mid-micro particle chain bomb to temporarily stop Erera, Lei Tian himself was the strongest weapon in this battle. @@novelbin@@

“Attack yourselves. Deal with this team within a minute!” Lei Tian ordered.

“That Xu Tui is mine. No one is allowed to snatch him!” In the team, Lei Xiang’s expression twisted.

When enemies met, their eyes would turn exceptionally red. This was probably how Lei Xiang felt at this moment. Only by killing Xu Tui with his own hands could Lei Xiang completely walk out of that nightmare-like experience.

However, Lei Tian glanced at the ferocious Lei Xiang and added, “There’s something strange about Xu Tui. I’ll take action personally.”

Lei Xiang became anxious. He wanted to say something, but he was glared at by Lei Tian. “I will capture Xu Tui alive. You can deal with him in the future!”

Since Lei Tian had said so, Lei Xiang did not dare to be unconvinced. In an instant, Lei Xiang’s hatred changed its target.

“Xu Tui’s woman, An Xiaoxue, is mine. No one is allowed to snatch her away,” Lei Xiang said ferociously.

This time, no one fought with Lei Xiang. Almost at the same time, Lei Tian turned into a bolt of lightning and pounced forward. This was also the fundamental reason why Lei Tian chose Xu Tui’s team on Planet Spirit as his killing target.

The ancient Immortal Slaying Sword that even the elders of the Sanctuary were very afraid of and were trying their best to find had appeared on Xu Tui’s body. What if he, Lei Tian, obtained it?

Lei Tian had many schemes.

At the same time, all the participants on Xu Tui’s side were stunned. If it was just six Planetary realm powerhouses, there was still a possibility of a battle. Although they were destined to lose, there would be a process to this defeat.

At the very least, Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, and Lavis could barely withstand the surprise attack of six Planetary realm powerhouses.

Of course, it was only a wave. How long he could survive depended on his luck.

However, Lei Tian was here!

No one present had ever experienced how powerful Lei Tian was. However, most of the people present had personally experienced how powerful Lei Hong was.

More than a month ago, Lei Hong had overturned the power of Planet Spirit alone. If Xu Tui had not attacked with the God Slaying Sword, Lei Hong’s charge would have basically defeated the power of Planet Spirit.

Now, it was Lei Tian.

As for Lei Tian, in terms of combat strength, he was definitely more than twice as strong as Lei Hong.

Therefore, the moment they discovered Lei Tian’s attack, despair surged in everyone’s hearts.

It was the same for Yin Liu, Yin Ba, and Maguwa, the three Planetary realm powerhouses. They were all in despair..