Chapter 1213 - 1213: Prediction? (2)

Chapter 1213: Prediction? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Yin Ba and Yin Liu even felt that they were about to be instantly killed. They had been ruled by Lei Tian for more than a hundred years. Their fear of Lei Tian’s power had already seeped into their bones.

The fear they felt now could be imagined. However, they were still Planetary realm powerhouses. Their temperament was rather tough. Even if they were extremely afraid, they would not break down because of this.

Everyone subconsciously looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was their only backbone at this moment.

“Retreat five kilometers and prepare for battle. It’s just Lei Tian!” As they sneered, the team retreated. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, who were retreating slightly slower, had already used their supernatural powers to blast out four three-phase thermal bombs.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue took the initiative to detonate the four three-phase thermal bombs ten kilometers away.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s cooperation could be said to be excellent.

The interval between each three-phase thermal bomb was about five kilometers. After they were detonated at the same time, they immediately exploded into a 20-kilometer barrage of nuclear explosions.

Xu Tui was also very good at dealing with bullet screen obstacles.

At this moment, even Lei Tian, who was the fastest, had just arrived at this area. As for the other Planetary realm powerhouses in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, they were about to pass through this area.

However, the bullet screen of the nuclear explosion appeared. Even a Planetary realm powerhouse had to stop and circle around or avoid it. He would definitely suffer if he forcefully passed through.

There was no need to mention quasi-planetary powerhouses. In an instant, the Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses charging behind Lei Tian slowed down and instantly became chaotic.

Other than Lei Tian!

With a flash of lightning, Lei Tian passed through the nuclear explosion barrage at a rapid speed.

Of course, the area that Lei Tian chose to forcefully pass through was also the edge where the power of the nuclear explosion barrage was weaker.

The lightning around Lei Tian trembled slightly. Lei Tian passed through the nuclear explosion barrage that Xu Tui had created. He had only consumed a little enerzv. Thev were less than 15 kilometers away from Xu Tui and the others who were retreating after passing through the nuclear explosion barrage.

If it were anyone else, they might still need a few seconds to attack from a distance of 15 kilometers. However, to Lei Tian, it was just a flash of lightning.

Lei Tian’s gaze instantly swept past Yin Ba and Yin Liu. He had to kill these two traitors of the Mechanical Spirit Race immediately. @@novelbin@@

Firstly, it was to clean up the mess. Secondly, it was to intimidate people. He wanted to kill the two traitors, Yin Ba and Yin Liu, in front of all the vassal races’ Planetary realm experts. He wanted to show them that anyone who dared to betray the Spiritual Race would die!

Xu Tui’s pupils constricted when he saw Lei Tian instantly pass through the bullet screen of the nuclear explosion. He had just taken out two Origin Crystal ability seal cards with strange auras.

Lei Tian was much stronger than he had imagined. He actually passed through the blockade of the nuclear explosion barrage. If they did not do anything, Lei Tian would be able to cause huge losses to their forces before the reinforcements arrived.

He tore apart the two Origin Crystal ability seal cards without hesitation. Two spinning escape words appeared at the same time.

However, these two words had an illusory space like a prism.

At the same time, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind flashed. A dark-colored God Slaying Sword suddenly condensed. The moment it soared into the sky, it slowly swayed behind Xu Tui’s head.

Xu Tui’s aura and all of his mind power were locked onto Lei Tian at this moment. The aura of the God Slaying Sword also pointed at Lei Tian from afar, waiting for the best time to attack when Lei Tian’s lightning approached.

As soon as the dark-colored God Slaying Sword appeared, Lei Tian’s lightning suddenly trembled and dodged to the side. A large amount of lightning surged out of Lei Tian’s body and instantly enveloped the surface of his body in layers of thick lightning cocoons.

Under the cover of the lightning, Lei Tian could not even be seen.

It was obvious that Lei Tian was very afraid of Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword.

After all, this was the ancient Immortal Slaying Sword that the elders of the Spiritual Race were chasing after.

Then how powerful was it?

Lei Tian did not dare to say anything. However, being able to knock Lei Hong out with one strike meant that it was very powerful and could injure him. There was no such thing as luck on the battlefield. There was only caution.

Therefore, when Lei Tian saw the dark-colored God Slaying Sword, he instinctively defended with all his might.

At the same time, Erera, who was intercepted by the barrage of mid-micro particles in the distance, suddenly took out a card.

It was another Origin Crystal ability seal card that had a similar aura to the one in Xu Tui’s hand. However, it mainly emitted a dense spatial fluctuation aura.

“Shaochu is really brilliant.” As she muttered, Erera crushed the Origin Crystal ability seal card. In the next moment, Erera’s figure disappeared.

At the same time, Cai Shaochu also took out a card that was exactly the same as Erera. He instantly crushed it and disappeared. The difference was that before Old Cai crushed the card and disappeared, he glanced in the direction of Itavi from the India Sector.

This old thief was really sinister!

They were right.

Itavi looked at Xu Tui’s Combat Team Number Four as he fought. Lei Tian’s aura was as glaring as a space beacon. As expected, Lei Tian personally led his team to attack Xu Tui from Team 4. There was no doubt that Team 4, which was welcoming Xu Tui, would be completely wiped out.

There was no doubt that Lei Tian had taken action.

Although the current battle was a little out of control and had exceeded Itavi’s expectations in many directions, it was still within acceptable limits. Even if Lei Tian destroyed Xu Tui’s Team 4, he would still be able to achieve results in this battle.

Destroying all of Team 4 was another major gain from this battle. It indirectly weakened the power of the Huaxia Sector.

“In that case, Cai Shaochu’s Team 3 will definitely sendpeople to rescue them, right? One or two Planetary realm experts might die in battle because of this. In that case, Cai Shaochu’s strength will also be weakened.. ” As he thought, Itavi’s gloomy old face revealed a rare smile.

He was too talented, too sinister, and too awesome. Just one move had caused the Huaxia Sector’s advantage to be lost. Their future strength would be at a disadvantage!

In the next moment, Itavi’s expression suddenly changed.

Just now, Itavi could sense that there were suddenly two extremely powerful auras in the direction of Team 4.

Itavi was very familiar with one of the auras. The flames that soared into the sky without any concealment were undoubtedly Erera.

Why did Erera go to Team 4?

Itavi was stunned!

“The other aura is… Old Cai?” After confirming that the two extra auras of Team 4 were Erera and Old Cai, Itavi was suddenly stunned. The smile that had just appeared instantly froze. “How is that possible? Could they predict the future?”

In an instant, Itavi felt terrible.

Almost at the same time, Lei Tian did not feel good either!

It was not only because Cai Shaochu had suddenly appeared in front of him, but also because that woman, that annoying woman, Erera, had also appeared in front of him..