Chapter 1218 - 1218: Turning Point Of The Defeat And Revenge (3)

Chapter 1218: Turning Point of the Defeat and Revenge (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If it bombarded this side indiscriminately, there would be something wrong with his head.

As for Area 4, Lei Qian was not interested in it for the time being. Under the indiscriminate attacks, only one of Yin Liu or Yin Ba could be taken away.

Lei Qian did not fancy Planetary realm powerhouses from the Mechanical Spirit Race. Therefore, she mainly took care of the more advantageous Area 1 and Area 2. The reason why these two war zones had an advantage was because the mobile forces under Raymont had been split.

However, the consequences of Lei Tian’s indiscriminate attack were displayed after he used it twice in a row.

He did not treat his own people as humans! Using his own people as a tool to detonate the enemy? Who was more afraid?

The answer was one of their own!

Almost instantly, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race who were still participating in the battle revealed vigilant expressions, especially the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Dissimilate Clan and the Fission Race. Their eyes were filled with anger.

The Spiritual Race did not treat them as humans! They were working for the Spiritual Race here and fighting a bloody battle.

Your Spiritual Race actually used them as bait to attack indiscriminately!

They were simply too despicable. They were Planetary realm powerhouses after all. The Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race’s vassals were also afraid. They were also afraid that they would be destroyed by the indiscriminate attacks of the Spiritual Race in the bloody battle, while they did not notice anything.

The fear of a Planetary realm powerhouse from a vassal race of the Spiritual Race was born only dozens of seconds later than a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Blue Star.

Everyone was afraid!

I’m fighting a bloody battle for you! But you’re thinking of using me as bait to attack indiscriminately!

The consequences were instantly revealed. The Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race’s vassal race were afraid of battle. Moreover, their reactions to the battle was even stronger than the experts of the Blue Star. The slight advantage that had appeared because of the fear of the Blue Star human experts was instantly lost.

The two Planetary realm powerhouses, who were originally evenly matched, suddenly became worried about their own methods. The disadvantage quickly expanded.

Raymont, who was commanding, was overjoyed. It had to be said that Lei Tian had made a stupid move at the critical moment. Although he had obtained a slight advantage, he had lost the hearts of the people.

If the hearts of the people on the battlefield dissipated, the situation would not be far from collapse.

The one that collapsed the most was War Zone 1.

A Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fission Race in the first war zone became anxious the moment he realized that he was surrounded by a Planetary realm and a quasi-planetary realm from afar.

He kept looking behind him to see if there were any bullets. Not only was the disadvantage obvious when he was distracted, but it was also expanding. Thirty seconds later, the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race escaped.

He fled backward!

It was not just because he was getting more and more disadvantaged under the siege. It was mainly because he was afraid that because his disadvantage was getting greater and greater, the indiscriminate barrage of bullets behind him would directly cover him and take him and his enemies away in one wave.

Therefore, he escaped!

It was not a rout. He only retreated at high speed. He did not want to be covered by his own barrage.

However, his escape seemed to have made a start. It directly caused the other three Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race to lose their war intent and retreat.

As soon as they retreated, the situation collapsed.

It fell as the army lost.

Warzone 1 was the first to be defeated! @@novelbin@@

However, the worst was War Zone 4.

Half of the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm participants in Area 4 were about to be killed at this moment. In the Command Hall, Lei Qian, who was faithfully carrying out Lei Tian’s orders, was stunned. How could this be?

“Haren, charge into Planet Kono at high speed and destroy their long-range firepower base. We’ve already locked onto their location!” Raymont’s command was extremely efficient.

A bolt of lightning exploded into Planet Kono from space.

A minute later, a large amount of lightning exploded in a valley on the Planet Kono. In the command center of the forward operating base, the color on Lei Qian’s pretty face completely dissipated at this moment.

“Good job, Haren. Continue to destroy it! The rest of you, attack with all your might. Their long-range firepower base has been destroyed!” Raymont’s laughter rang out.

At the same time, Lei Tian, who had received Lei Qian’s report, was also stunned!

How could this be?

Planet Kono was already impregnable. Even without the information about Black Hole, Planet Kono could still win with its regular defense forces.

But now, it has been defeated!

The forward operating base had been defeated!

The defeat was like a landslide. Once this situation of defeat appeared, it was irreversible! Unless one or two more experts like Lei Tian appeared, there was no way to salvage the situation.

They were about to lose the forward operating base! The moment this thought appeared, the pain and anger in Lei Tian’s heart were indescribable.

Black Hole!

It was all because of Black Hole. Even if the forward operating base was taken down, he wanted to take revenge on Black Hole.

“Qian’er, publicize the coordinates of this resource planet! Tell them that it’s the coordinates of the resource planet that I traded to Black Hole!” Lei Tian directly gave the order.

At the same time, this was his last strategy..