Chapter 1210 - 1210: Empty

Chapter 1210: Empty

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The so-called combat star field had not arrived around the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Planet Kono.

Instead, it was about 150,000 kilometers away from the second alert star chain of Planet Kono. Here, with the speed of a Planetary realm powerhouse, they would be able to reach Planet Kono in about three hours.

They would be able to reach the first star chain of Planet Kono in about two hours, which was the space defense fortress.

The 21 Planetary realm powerhouses and 67 quasi-planetary powerhouses who participated in the battle silently gathered in the pitch-black universe. Everyone was retracting their auras.

It looked sparse, but from afar, there was an inexplicable murderous aura.

“Let’s begin.” Commander-in-chief Raymont suddenly gave the order.

Cai Shaochu cleared his throat. “The other party in the letter is gathered within a 100-meter radius. This will have a better effect.”

Raymont waved his hand and gave a silent order. Everyone, including Xu Tui, gathered within a 100-meter radius.

Xu Tui, who had never participated in such a large-scale battle between top-notch experts, was a little confused. However, he still did as he was told. In the next moment, a faint light flashed behind Cai Shaochu’s head. This faint light suddenly transformed into a huge finger.

A kilogram of Origin Crystals flew up from in front of Cai Shaochu. With a slight guidance of his illusory finger, the kilogram of Origin Crystals instantly turned into dense Origin Energy. Then, the illusory finger suddenly accelerated and wrote the word ‘hidden’ like a dragon and phoenix.

The moment the word was completed, the massive number of Origin Crystals that had just been produced were consumed.

“Invisible!” Cai Shaochu pointed out with his finger and shouted softly. The word immediately expanded to nearly a hundred meters in size and enveloped everyone.

It instantly disappeared. It did not look like much.

However, in the next moment, Xu Tui was stunned. Evervone’s aura had decreased drasticallv.

This was especially so for the aura of a Planetary realm powerhouse. With the enhancement of the word ‘invisible’, Xu Tui could only sense the extremely weak aura of a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse at close range.

As for the aura of a quasi-planetary powerhouse, it was gone. He could not sense it!

Damn! Xu Tui exclaimed to himself. Old Cai’s methods were amazing. No one could shake the position of principal. No wonder.

After Old Cai used it, he went to the side and waited. He held the Origin Crystal and rested. The Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector, Augusto, stepped forward. A huge earthen yellow ball of light appeared in front of his chest.

Augusto continuously threw Origin Crystals into the ball of light. “The Guardian of the Earth is everywhere!” As he muttered, Augusto’s voice was like a curse. The huge ball of light immediately split into hundreds and accurately enveloped everyone in an invisible earthen yellow circle.

Xu Tui could not see it, but he could see it with his mental perception.

“As long as a Planetary realm powerhouse below me attacks you, my Earth Guardian can help you block a fatal attack. However, it will dissipate within six hours.” After Augusto finished speaking, he retreated.

Xu Tui cursed. He finally knew where the confidence of the Blue Star came from. This kind of supportive group attack ability was simply cheating. It was equivalent to giving all the quasi-planetary realm powerhouses present another life.

No wonder they were so powerful.

Xu Tui thought that it was over. However, the last person who took action was Commander- in -chief Raymont.

A pair of huge green wind wings suddenly flashed behind

Commander-in-chief Raymont. The kilogram of Origin Crystals instantly turned into Origin Energy and was absorbed by the huge green wind wings.

“Go!” Green wind wings turned into a hundred. In an instant, Xu Tui felt his body suddenly become much lighter. In his mental perception, a pair of small wind wings appeared on his back. At the same time, his entire body was enveloped by a faint green airflow.

“In five hours, your bodies will be as light as feathers, and your flying speed will be doubled. At the same time, you will be more agile. During the journey later, you can use your mind power or energy field to control the wind wings on your backs. They can be used as an emergency change of direction.

“In battle, you can use this Green Wind Wings to quickly unleash a total of three times. Let’s fight!”

In the next moment, as Raymont waved his hand, nearly a hundred people turned into five balls of light and began to accelerate in the universe. Although there were four to five Planetary realm powerhouses in every ball of light, their auras were really weak.

“Ah Huang, how much energy can your device find?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“I can’t find the energy strength of a Planetary realm powerhouse. There’s only an extremely weak energy strength of a quasi-planetary powerhouse.”

Xu Tui was stunned. This supernatural being ability had actually blocked off technological functions.

It was really powerful.

“How much has the speed of Yin Ba and Yin Liu increased?”

“According to the current calculations, the final speed can increase by about 120% to reach Mach 230!”

Xu Tui was shocked once again. The flying speed of Yin Liu and Yin Ba was originally about Mach 100, which was 120 ,ooo kilometers per hour. After being enhanced by Raymont, it had increased by 1.2 times.

The first Star Chain Fortress that could have been reached in two hours could now be reached in less than an hour. @@novelbin@@

A surprise attack. This was a true surprise attack!

To be honest, Xu Tui could not tell.

Xu Tui used to think that Raymont, the director ot the Genetic Committee, had always been a good-for-nothing and a decoration.

From the looks of it, it was very powerful! This kind of supportive ability was 100% magical. It even had a hint of Dao. Unless one was an expert, they could not use it.

Xu Tui thought that the strength he understood of the Blue Star was everything about the Blue Star.

However, from the looks of it, the Blue Star had more resources than he had imagined.

With their intentional dodging, deliberate concealment, and the cooperation of many supernatural beings, the Blue Star’s attack team actually miraculously passed through the range of the second alert star chain of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

Actually, the alert star chain was also composed of several satellites or asteroids or meteors that were extremely far away.

It was just like how Phobos relied on technological equipment to give warnings.

They could completely avoid it. This was especially so for the second star chain of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. The warning range was extremely large.

Forty-five minutes later, Xu Tui could already see Planet Kono with his current vision. He could even see their target, the fourth of the space defense fortress.

“Tri Ling Ding, did you sense the aura of the high-level colonies of the other Ling?” Xu Tui asked.

“Not at the moment.”

A few minutes later, Raymont’s voice sounded in the communication channel. “Targeting immediate tactics. Kill!”

It was too fast!

The speed of the Blue Star experts’ attack this time was too fast. However, this attack was not only fast, but also the actions of the Blue Star experts. When he was still 50,000 kilometers away, the Planetary realm powerhouse, Itavi, suddenly left the team and accelerated again.

Its flying speed was actually twice as fast as the others.

The space defense fortress of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was not for show. Even though the Blue Star experts had been heavily hidden, they were still discovered by the Spiritual Race’s space defense fortress.

Blinding light flashed like a chain.

However, at this moment, a terrifying fluctuation rose from Augusto’s body. A huge fire meteorite suddenly appeared and blasted towards the second space defense fortress at high speed.

Two seconds!

It only took two seconds from its appearance to the bombardment.

The second space defense fortress of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base instantly exploded into a ball of flames. At the same time, the first space defense fortress exploded.

The person who attacked the first space defense fortress was the Planetary realm powerhouse of the American Sector, Haren. He had the same routine as Augusto. He had accelerated long ago and suddenly attacked.

Terrifying lightning descended, instantly causing the entire space to explode. Basically, the first space defense fortress was instantly paralyzed. However, this was not the end, but the beginning.

At least five three-phase thermal bombs blasted towards the first space fortress from all angles.

The Huaxia Sector was in charge of the third space defense fortress.

From afar, the five three-phase thermal bombs flew up. However, with the enhancement of Cai Shaochu’s secret technique, the five three-phase thermal bombs did not have any fluctuations or sounds.

At the same time that the explosions of the first and second space defense fortresses sounded, the light annihilated the third space defense fortress.

Something did not seem right! Why was there no movement from the enemy?

Xu Tui was in charge of the fourth space defense fortress.

Xu Tui’s side was the weakest. He had no intention of competing with the other three directions. From afar, Xu Tui’s five disposable flying swords carried five three-phase thermal bombs and blasted toward the fourth space defense fortress at high speed.

Xu Tui’s mental chain was focused on one of the three-phase thermal bombs. Currently, he could only use the most agile control on the three-phase thermal bomb. Then, he confirmed that it would hit its target.

As for the other four, they were all bait or existences used to distract the enemy.

However, what stunned Xu Tui was that there was no interference.

Not to mention an effective interception, there was not even an ineffective interception.

Xu Tui had only wanted to hit it with a three-phase thermal bomb. However, the five three-phase thermal bombs seemed to have returned home as they blasted out of the fourth space defense fortress.

Then, it turned into a ball of flames and exploded!

“Something’s wrong, Principal. There’s a problem!” Xu Tui immediately contacted Cai Shaochu.

“Attention, all units. The enemy might have noticed us. The attack failed. Pay attention to your defenses.” Raymont’s anxious voice sounded.

The strategy had failed.

Originally, this wave of attack would have taken away at least three to four Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race. But now, these four space fortresses looked more like empty shells.

The enemy was prepared!

“Be careful! There are enemies!”

The moment the exclamation sounded, several lights suddenly lit up from afar. Then, they covered Xu Tui and the others at a high speed.

The light instantly sealed off all directions of Xu Tui’s team.

“Not good, it’s a mid-micro particle chain bomb! There are a total of 300 of them!” Yin Liu roared in fear!