Chapter 1216 - 1216: Turning Point Of The Defeat And Revenge (1)

Chapter 1216: Turning Point of the Defeat and Revenge (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lei Tian was powerful. It was completely displayed when he fought Erera and Cai Shaochu alone.

With his powerful speed advantage and explosive lethality, Erera and Cai Shaochu, who had joined forces, could not quickly contribute. They could only slowly find an opportunity in the battle.

Lei Gen, who was commanding the battle at the forward operating base of Planet Spirit, began to carry out Lei Tian’s orders.

Lei Tian’s first order was to transfer the Planetary realm powerhouses and quasi-planetary experts left behind on Planet Charon and Ceres over. Lei Gen immediately gave the order.

However, Lei Gen was a little hesitant when he used the mid-micro particle chain barrage to exchange for the enemy’s casualties. In his opinion, one for one was definitely not worth it. He had to wait until one for two or even three before he could use such an indiscriminate attack. Only then could he use this move to expand the victory.

However, such an opportunity was not easy to find.

Just as he was frowning, a baby’s cry suddenly came from behind Lei Gen. He turned around and saw Lei Qian carrying Little Master Lei Ji over. Lei Qian left in a hurry. She hugged Lei Ji with one hand, causing him to cry. However, at this moment, Lei Qian did not care about the child’s cries.

“Sir, you go and participate in the battle. I’ll do it!” Lei Qian said.

Lei Gen frowned. Under normal circumstances, Lei Qian did not have the authority to command him. Of course, Lei Qian’s identity was rather special.

“Sir, this battle is probably a battle for the survival of the forward operating base. Although you have a quasi-planetary cultivation, you are an outstanding figure in the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division. It will not be a problem for you to fight a Planetary realm powerhouse with a quasi-planetary cultivation. Against ordinary quasi-planets, you even had the ability to instantly kill them.

“Actually, the tactics are almost done. I’ll take over the rest. We need your strength on the battlefield,” Lei Qian said extremely sincerely.

Looking at Lei Qian’s disheveled hair, it was obvious that she had come in a hurry. She had not even combed her hair.

At this moment, Lei Gen suddenly realized what Lei Qian meant—life and death. This battle could really determine the survival of the forward operating base.

The moment he figured out this question, Lei Gen was in a daze.

Why did it have to be like this?

More than a year ago, the forward operating base was still a colossus that suppressed the Blue Star humans. The Blue Star humans were just fleas that could not jump out of the Earth, Moon, and Phobos circles.

Why did it suddenly threaten the life and death of the forward operating base today? At this moment, Lei Gen felt a sense of illusion.

“I’ll go participate in the battle!”

In the next moment, Lei Gen turned into a bolt of lightning and rushed out of the command hall of the forward operating base. The lightning shot into the sky. At the same time, Lei Qian carried the child with one hand and began to observe the situation of the battle.

Five seconds later, Lei Qian locked onto an area. She pointed with her finger and shouted, “Attack indiscriminately here!” @@novelbin@@

In Area 4, Lei Xiang was attacking An Xiaoxue crazily. He could not wait to capture An Xiaoxue alive. Then, he would strip An Xiaoxue naked in front of Xu Tui and tear her apart inch by inch. However, no matter how crazy he was, he could not reach An Xiaoxue, let alone capture her alive.

The invisible barrier and Dimensional Explosion could always create all kinds of obstacles for him. In just a short while, he did not even manage to touch the corner of An Xiaoxue’s clothes. He was covered in injuries and had lost an arm. If he had not dodged quickly, half of his body would have exploded from An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue’s attacks were too strange. There was no sign at all. He had to use his mind power to sense any abnormal signs.

Lei Xiang was depressed. He had just started the battle and wanted to tear An

Xiaoxue apart with his bare hands. Now, he realized that he could not even tear An Xiaoxue apart with his bare hands, let alone Xu Tui. However, he still had to think of a way.

On the battlefield, it was important to adapt to the situation. However, before Lei Xiang could think of a new move, he suddenly felt a sense of danger. He suddenly looked to the left and saw a sword light blasting towards him.

There was another person standing on the sword light. Who else could it be but Xu Tui?

Lei Xiang was shocked. He could not even fight An Xiaoxue alone. It was a little strenuous for him. There was no doubt that he had no chance of winning against An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui.

He had to find help. However, the moment this thought appeared in Lei Xiang’s mind, a faint golden sword light suddenly flew out from behind Xu Tui’s head. The sword light was between illusory and real. It was very illusory, but it emitted an extremely powerful mind power fluctuation.

Lei Xiang was shocked. God Slaying Sword!

Xu Tui’s killing move, the God Slaying Sword.

Lei Gen had told them about this. Almost at the same time that Lei Xiang was shocked, the Small God Slaying Sword that Xu Tui had slashed out above his head disappeared.

Lei Xiang had just remembered Lei Gen’s previous instructions.

If he saw Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword, he had to make three preparations immediately. First, he had to activate his Mind Power Domain with all his might. Second, he had to raise layers of mental shields. Third, he had to maintain a high-speed movement state.

The people of the Spiritual Race were also very powerful.

People like Lei Gen had carefully studied the tactics to deal with Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword after he returned.

The Spiritual Race had done much such research. For example, the tactics against Cai Shaochu’s Formula, how to deal with the powerhouse of the Huaxia Sector, Li Qingping, and how to deal with Haren, who was also proficient in lightning power. How to survive when he encountered Erera from the Blue Star.

wait!

Lei Xiang was still convinced by Lei Gen. He immediately followed Lei Gen’s instructions the moment he saw Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword disappear..