Chapter 1214 - 1214: Sow Distrust, Happy, Again!

Chapter 1214: Sow Distrust, Happy, Again!

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

When he was still on the Purple Stone Asteroid before he went to battle, Xu Tui had once gone to look for Cai Shaochu because Tri Ling Ding had sensed the aura of the high-level colonies of the other Ling.

He wanted to find a solution.

However, Cai Shaochu had no other solutions. He would not be able to get Itavi without solid evidence. Even if there was solid evidence, it would be more troublesome to deal with Itavi. The other sectors could only take action if they reached a unanimous opinion.

They could not solve the high-level traitor of the Blue Star, Black Hole, Itavi, but it did not mean that they could let Black Hole do whatever it wanted and let the situation develop into an extremely bad situation.

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu had done a lot of analysis. They thought about it from another perspective. If they were Black Hole, if they were Itavi, what would they do when they betrayed the relevant information?

This was especially so when Itavi and the elites of the India Sector were also participating in the battle. There would definitely be a target. Then who would Itavi target, or which family?

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu immediately reached a unanimous judgment on this.

If Black Hole like Itavi wanted to sell out combat information, he would definitely sell out information from the Huaxia Sector. It was very likely that he was targeting the Huaxia Sector or Xu Tui.

And in this battle plan, there was only one major variable—Lei Tian!

Lei Tian was too strong. If no one restrained Lei Tian, he would be able to create a large number of casualties in a short period of time and lock onto the situation. If Itavi wanted to kill someone else with a borrowed knife, Lei Tian

would be the best knife!

But what if this knife slashed in the direction of the other teams?

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu did not care about this. They were not saints. If Lei Tian really slashed at the other teams, all they could do was fight with all their might and provide support as soon as possible.

However, what if Lei Tian slashed at the Huaxia Sector or Xu Tui? Then the relevant preparations would have to be done. Currently, there was only one person who could deal with Lei Tian—the successor of the Fire God, Gavro, Erera!

During this time, Xu Tui would act as Lei Tian, Cai Shaochu would act as Xu Tui, and then Cai Shaochu would act as Lei Tian. He would speculate on Lei Tian’s possible battle plan.

After many possible battle plans, Cai Shaochu finally found a solution. He had to create a short-range spatial teleportation card! In the entire Blue Star, only Old Cai and Jagren could work together to create such an Origin Crystal ability seal card.

Therefore, Old Cai and Jagren joined forces and made a total of two sets of short-range spatial teleportation cards. The maximum spatial teleportation distance was 3,000 kilometers. It was the combination of spatial teleportation and Old Cai’s Escape Formula.

This resulted in this scene!

“Commander-in-chief Lei, we meet again.” It was rare for Cai Shaochu to go all out against Lei Tian. As he spoke, he waved out balls of light.

These balls of light could turn into words to attack and defend at any time.

Lei Tian’s expression was very dark. The second plan strategy had failed! Damn it, he failed again!

Lei Tian could accept the failure of the first plan, even though the probability of the first plan failing was not more than 20%. However, if the second plan failed, Lei Tian would be depressed. If the first plan failed, they could still carry out the second plan. However, once the second plan failed, they could only fight to the death.

The chance to easily win was gone!

“Good move, good move. You joined forces with Black Hole. You used the stratagem of sowing dissension well! As expected of the Blue Star Huaxia Race!” Lei Tian sneered and took the opportunity to stall for time.

Although he was very strong, he did not want to be surrounded by Erera, Cai Shaochu, or even others. He was waiting for the other Planetary realm powerhouses to come. It would still take a few seconds.

“I didn’t expect Commander Lei to know about the stratagem of sowing dissension.” The corner of Cai Shaochu’s eyes twitched. He smiled calmly. “It’s all because of Commander Lei. Otherwise, we would have had a chance to use the Black Hole’s stratagem of sowing dissension, right?”

“Black Hole!” Lei Tian’s expression became extremely ferocious at this moment. At this moment, the person Lei Tian wanted to kill the most was undoubtedly Black Hole.

He had ruined his plan! He had caused his carefully prepared plans to fail one after another. He had caused him to have to fight to the death. Who knew how many Planetary realm powerhouses he would have left after this battle?

However, even if he won, it would definitely be a pyrrhic victory!

“Hmph, Shaochu, why can’t you change your habit of talking too much?” As she sneered, Erera’s figure moved. With a sway of her body, two red rays shot out from her eyes and blasted towards Lei Tian.

Lei Tian dodged. Erera only turned her body and chased after Lei Tian like a high-speed laser. Lei Tian could only use his speed to continuously approach Erera. At the same time, the five Planetary realm powerhouses and 15 quasi-planetary experts who had been blocked by Xu Tui’s nuclear explosion bullets finally bypassed it and charged over.

Lei Tian heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this group of people charging over. He would not be surrounded for the time being. He could focus on fighting Erera. In other directions, battles also started at the same time.

On Xu Tui’s side, including Cai Shaochu, there were a total of four Planetary realm experts and 10 quasi-planetary experts. Together with Xu Tui, who was at the Transmutation Realm, they were fighting five Planetary realm experts and 15 quasi-planetary experts from the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

However, the five Planetary realm powerhouses were mainly Planetary realm powerhouses from the Fission Race and the Dissimilate Clan. There were many Spiritual Race powerhouses who were in the quasi-planetary realm.

Among them, Lei Xiang was the fastest and shouted the craziest. He was the first to charge towards An Xiaoxue.

“Xu Tui, just you wait. I’ll kill your woman first, then you!” Although Lei Xiang was crazy, he was not stupid at all.

Lei Gen, who was commanding at the back, had specially instructed him not to provoke Xu Tui first. Xu Tui was not someone he could deal with.

Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue when he heard that. An Xiaoxue gave Xu Tui a reassuring look. Then, Xu Tui looked at Cai Shaochu. “Principal, shall we cooperate?”

“Cooperate?” Cai Shaochu, who was about to choose the strongest Planetary realm powerhouse to fight the enemy, was a little surprised. Could Xu Tui work with him now?

Actually, Xu Tui suddenly had this thought. Among the known experts, who was the most suitable to cooperate with Xu Tui?

Without a doubt, this person was Cai Shaochu!

Under Cai Shaochu’s puzzled gaze, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind suddenly flashed. The moment the red light surged into the Mountain Formula, a mountain with a radius of 40 meters was instantiated. The moment it was instantiated, it began to rapidly roll and shrink.

In less than half a second, the Mountain Formula that Xu Tui had instantiated turned into a palm-sized golden sword.

Golden light flashed. Without touching it, Cai Shaochu could already imagine the power of this sword. It could definitely injure a Planetary realm. And it was a very fierce one.

However, the prerequisite was that you had to hit the Planetary realm.

Cooperation? In an instant, Cai Shaochu understood what Xu Tui meant by cooperation. “How long do you need?”

“0.1 seconds is enough.” @@novelbin@@

Cai Shaochu was surprised at first, then he laughed. “Alright, I’ll give you 0.1 seconds!”

In the next moment, Cai Shaochu waved his sleeve. The rolling lights in front of him blasted towards the fastest Planetary realm powerhouse, the Three-headed Tiger of the Fission Race.

A Planetary realm powerhouse!

The moment the light blasted over, it immediately turned into seals one after another and blasted towards the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race, the Three-headed Tiger. At the same time, the other members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders also chose an opponent to fight.

Lavis also began to work hard today. He fought a Planetary realm alone, and Bu Qingqiu monopolized two quasi-planets.

Overall, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders were at a disadvantage. This was especially so for the quasi-planetary experts. The Spiritual Race had formed a two-on-one advantage against Xu Tui through their numerical advantage.

It would not take long. It would only take a few minutes for the Spiritual Race to continuously magnify the advantage of the quasi-planetary realm. Then, they would expand the results and lock onto the battle.

This was also the reason why Lei Tian fought Erera in peace. He could still win, but he had to pay a certain price.

Cai Shaochu’s word landed on Three-headed Tiger one after another.

The Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race, Three-headed Tiger, was also impressive. Light spurted out of the tiger’s head and continuously shattered Cai Shaochu’s Sealing Formula.

“Heh, you’re quite capable!” Cai Shaochu let out a cold laugh. He suddenly spread out his mind power. At this moment, Xu Tui suddenly felt that Old Cai had disappeared.

He was there, but he could not sense his aura.

Old Cai waved his index finger. In an extremely short period of time, the word ‘seal’ appeared on his finger. With a wave of his sleeve, the word seemed to cover the sky and earth. Like a leader, it carried more than a dozen small words and blasted towards Three-headed Tiger.

This time, the Three-headed Tiger was a little flustered.

“It’s done.” Cai Shaochu sent a voice transmission to Xu Tui’s consciousness.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword, which was circling in space, suddenly accelerated and silently blasted toward the Three-headed Tiger.

The Three-headed Tiger also saw Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword at this moment. It wanted to dodge and deal with it. However, at this moment, Cai Shaochu’s word landed on him. Even though the Three-headed Tiger was prepared and broke many seals, the seal on Cai Shaochu’s letter still landed on him.

His entire body trembled. The Three-headed Tiger was stunned for a moment, or rather, it could not move. The impact was very short. In less than 0.2 seconds, the Three-headed Tiger’s mental body fluctuated like a tsunami and broke free from the influence of the word ‘seal’.

However, 0.2 seconds was enough!

Swish!

The Mountain Sword instantly passed through. The palm-sized golden

Mountain Sword had an extremely terrifying power. It pierced through the Three-headed Tiger’s defense and shattered one of its huge tiger heads.

The Three-headed Tiger let out an earth- shattering scream. Its wound squirmed rapidly. It was not dead, but its aura began to plummet.

“Again!” Cai Shaochu let out a long laugh. Another huge seal landed on the three-headed tiger. No, it should be a two-headed tiger.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula also slashed over. Fear appeared in the three-headed tiger’s eyes. It turned around and wanted to escape.

Cai Shaochu tapped his finger gently, and the huge seal suddenly accelerated. In the next moment, Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword spun rapidly and easily passed through the remaining two heads of the three-headed tiger.

The two heads instantly shattered.

The Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race, the Three-headed Tiger, had died!

Cai Shaochu suddenly laughed out loud when he saw this. “Awesome, Xu Tui, again!”

In the distance, Lei Tian, who was fighting Erera bitterly, suddenly turned his head..