Chapter 1215 - 1215: Lei Tian ‘S Madness

Chapter 1215: Lei Tian ‘s Madness

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lei Tian only glanced at the situation the moment the battle started and was stunned. The Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race, Three-headed Tiger, was killed just like that? How long had the battle been going on? Thirty seconds, right?

This situation shocked Lei Tian slightly. He instinctively became distracted.

Every moment he fought an expert at Erera’s level was extremely important. This distraction allowed Erera to seize the opportunity and make Lei Tian grunt.

Although Lei Tian did not suffer any substantial injuries, his Lightning Shield had been cut several times in a row, causing the rhythm of his battle to become tense. Even so, Lei Tian was still unable to focus his attention. While he carefully dealt with Erera, he paid attention to the situation in Area 4.

In this battle, Lei Tian did not have much of an advantage in the other three war zones.

After all, the number of Planetary realm powerhouses on both sides was about the same. It was just that there were more quasi-planets and they had a slight home ground advantage.

Therefore, the outcome of this battle was destined to be in Area 4. Of course, the third warzone where the Huaxia Sector was was another unexpected opportunity. As Cai Shaochu had left, the Huaxia Sector was slightly weaker and was temporarily at a disadvantage. However, it was still a little difficult to win quickly.

It could be said that Lei Tian had placed his hopes of winning in Area 4.

Whether it was a battle between Planetary realms or quasi-planetary realms, one side had to be able to complete the first kill and second Kill. Then, the battle would quickly tilt towards the Spiritual Race.

But now, not only did the first kill not appear, but Xu Tui had also made the first kill of the Spiritual Race.

This first kill had even affected Lei Tian, let alone others.

Lei Tian was really anxious, so he continued to pay attention to the situation. However, a few seconds later, Lei Tian’s eyes widened again.

Cai Shaochu’s hand enveloped the other Planetary realm powerhouse of the Dissimilate Clan. The delay might only be for a moment. However, at this moment, a golden light instantly pierced through the head of the Planetary realm powerhouse and shattered it.

On the Spiritual Race’s side, the second Planetary realm powerhouse had died.

This time, Lei Tian finally understood what was going on.

A cooperation!

Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui had joined forces. Other than top-notch Planetary realm powerhouses like Lei Tian and Erera, a surprise attack could instantly kill Planetary realm powerhouses with two or three Satellites.

However, under normal circumstances, even if Cai Shaochu worked with another Planetary realm powerhouse, he would not be able to kill

Three-headed Tiger or a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Dissimilate Clan in such a short period of time.

Not to mention killing two people in a row.

However, Cai Shaochu had done it with Xu Tui, who was at the Transmutation Realm.

At this moment, Lei Tian broke down.

On the other hand, Cai Shaochu laughed until the wrinkles on his forehead completely relaxed. “Awesome, Xu Tui, again!”

Cai Shaochu shouted and instantly locked onto another Planetary realm powerhouse from the Spiritual Race. There was an unprecedented sense of satisfaction in his shout.

Cai Shaochu’s abilities were mainly control assistance. He had worked with many Planetary realm powerhouses in the past, such as Li Qingping and Pei Tiefeng. However, he had never worked with them as happily as today.

Xu Tui only needed a little interference and control to take the opportunity to kill a Planetary realm.

This was definitely an unprecedented battlefront.

However, Cai Shaochu had also thought it through. Why would this happen?

The first was communication.

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu had extremely powerful mind power. Their mental perception range was extremely wide. The two of them did not have to roar. Instead, they communicated with their minds.

The communication was extremely fast and efficient.

Old Cai had a target. The moment he took action, he would inform Xu Tui with his consciousness so that Xu Tui could cooperate at the same time.

The second was Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword. It could also cooperate remotely while being agile and fast.

For example, Li Qingping, Pei Tiefeng. Cai Shaochu had all worked with them. Their attack power was definitely stronger than Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword. However, their speed and attack methods were often difficult to achieve when they blasted over as the target had already escaped Cai Shaochu’s control and influence.

He could only be said to be cooperating.

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu’s cooperation, be it in terms of timing or other aspects, was superb. Their cooperation was seamless, as if they had practiced it tens of thousands of times.

Xu Tui was also very shocked. This was also the first time he realized that working with Cai Shaochu could be so satisfying. Planetary realm powerhouses below three Satellites were completely insta-killed.

However, Xu Tui’s first thought was regret.

He regretted that he did not study Cai Shaochu’s Formula abilities diligently previously. He did not need to learn them all. As long as he learned a few words, he would be able to join forces with Cai Shaochu.

At that time, even if it was not as abnormal and powerful as it was now, it would be enough to threaten a Planetary realm powerhouse.

“This way.” Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. In the next moment, Cai Shaochu turned into a stream of light and charged toward the other Planetary realm powerhouse of the Dissimilate Clan who was fighting Yin Ba. Xu Tui also charged over on his sword.

Lei Tian, who was distracted by the battle, became anxious. “Be careful!” @@novelbin@@

If another Planetary realm powerhouse died in War Zone 4, there was no hope for War Zone 4. Why would there be a sick combination of Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui? They had tricked him! They had already planned it!

Black Hole!

In an instant, Lei Tian had the urge to tear Black Hole apart.

Black Hole had tricked him too badly.

The Blue Star must have known how powerful Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu’s team was a long time ago. That was why Black Hole had dug a hole for him.

“Black Hole, I will definitely grind your bones into ashes!” Lei Tian let out an angry roar like an old ape weeping blood. He was really anxious. Once the situation in Area 4 was over, this battle would really be over.

As he roared angrily, Lei Tian ignored his injuries and forcefully blocked Erera’s attack. He dodged in the direction of Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui.

Lei Tian wanted to kill Xu Tui in an instant even if he was injured. This guy was too much of a bug! He was clearly a Transmutation Realm existence, but he had affected the outcome of Area 4.

However, Erera was not to be trifled with. She bit down on Lei Tian and continuously weakened his strength. It was not something that Lei Tian could escape from.

On the other side, Yiyan was already frightened.

Previously, the three-headed tiger and the other Planetary realm cultivator had been easily killed by Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui. It had already frightened him. Now, when he saw Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui rushing toward him, he instantly panicked.

Originally, he had the upper hand in the battle with Yin Ba. However, he was at a disadvantage in his panic.

At this moment, Lei Tian’s reminder sounded. Then, he made a very awesome decision—retreat! He was not escaping. He was retreating in the direction of Lord Lei Tian to avoid this disaster. Otherwise, he would definitely die when Yin Ba, Cai Shaochu, and Xu Tui surrounded him.

A cold smile appeared on the lips of the high-spirited Cai Shaochu when he saw the retreating figure. He instantly disappeared. When Cai Shaochu appeared again, he was behind Yiyan. Three huge words flew out and collided with the Yiyan at high speed.

Yiyan was also impressive. In a split second, the frost around his body exploded, directly shattering the word ‘fix’. However, he was still affected. His body stopped for a moment. Golden light assaulted him. The Mountain Sword hit him in the head.

Although the Mountain Sword was only a palm-sized small sword, its power was extremely great. After the sword pierced through it, Yiyan’s upper body disappeared.

The third Planetary realm powerhouse had died.

In the distance, Lei Tian, who was rushing over with difficulty, was dumbfounded!

Three!

In less than a minute, Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui had joined forces and killed three ordinary Planetary realm powerhouses. The situation on the fourth battlefield had completely turned around.

If this continued, there would be no need to fight this battle if Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu continued to fight.

At least half of the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Spiritual Race who participated in the battle could not withstand a combination like Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui.

Then Lei Tian could already escape! That meant that the forward operating base was going to be lost and occupied. This was the forward operating base that Lei Tian had been running for decades. Now, he was operating as if it was his hometown. It was impossible for him to admit defeat just like that.

“Cai Shaochu!” Lei Tian roared. He risked being hit by Erera again and threw out a huge lightning ball in his hand. It turned into a river of lightning and swept Cai Shaochu in at lightning speed.

In a desperate situation, Lei Tian actually wanted to fight two people alone. He was extremely brave.

“Stay away. Be careful of Lei Tian’s courage. Don’t worry, Erera and I will fight two against one. It won’t be a problem.” Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

“Alright, Principal.”

“Go and perform freely. I look forward to your performance!” Cai Shaochu said.

“Don’t worry, Principal!” Xu Tui nodded slightly. He turned around and looked at War Zone 4.

Xu Tui’s side was originally at a disadvantage on the fourth battlefield. But as three Planetary realm powerhouses were killed by Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu, the situation immediately changed.

Not only had their opinions changed, but the planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm of the Spiritual Race were also in a state of panic. Their auras had decreased drastically, but the numerical advantage of the quasi-planetary realm was still there. They would not be able to win in a short period of time.

“Then, it’s time to watch my performance.”

Xu Tui looked at the distant War Zone Four. Killing intent surged in his eyes. At the same time, Lei Tian, who felt that the battle was in a desperate situation, also had a crazy look in his eyes. At this moment, there was no need to hold back some of his strength.

“Lei Gen, choose a suitable location and bombard the enemy with a barrage of mid-micro particles. If you can injure the enemy more, you can disregard friend or foe and only kill the enemy!” Lei Tian’s voice was filled with coldness.

Lei Gen was stunned. A chill surged through him, but he still agreed. He also understood that this was the worst-case scenario.

“Order the Planetary realm experts guarding Planet Charon and Ceres to pass through the quantum portal and participate in the battle immediately! Now!” Lei Tian shouted.

“Sir, what about the defense of these two vital planets?” Lei Gen was anxious.

“Give up! If we lose the forward operating base, why are we still guarding these two planets?” Lei Tian shouted..