Chapter 1219 - 1219: The Final Deal And The Trapped Beast (1)

Chapter 1219: The Final Deal and the Trapped Beast (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“We’ve traded a total of nine resource planets in the asteroid belt to Black Hole through the information. Since Black Hole is dishonest, we’ll announce the coordinates of these nine resource planets to you.”

Almost at the same time, all the Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star who were participating in the battle received a collective notification from the Spiritual Race through the public channel.

It was similar to a group attack.

Everyone had one. The main content of the information was the detailed locations of the nine resource planets.

The Planetary realm powerhouses fighting, such as Raymont, Cai Shaochu, Haren, Augusto, and the others, had strange smiles on their faces.

What was this? Did the cooperation between Black Hole and the Spiritual Race break down, or did they rebel?

However, Cai Shaochu understood the most.

Distrust!

His casual words made Lei Tian think that Black Hole was the candidate for the

Blue Star Humans to carry out a counterattack. After losing the battle, Lei Tian’s mentality exploded. He directly announced the locations of the resource planets that were traded to Black Hole as revenge.

Itavi had the most complicated expression.

In fact, the moment Itavi’s communication device received the message that the Spiritual Race had forcefully sent over from a public channel, he almost exploded on the spot. He could not wait to point at Lei Tian’s nose and scold him for not keeping his word!

He scolded Lei Tian for being trash! You f*cking don’t have the ability, you’re stupid, and you’re blaming him for being a traitor?

The information he sold to Lei Tian was all true! Now, he had actually announced all the resource planet locations that had been traded to him. @@novelbin@@

One could imagine Itavi’s anger.

He had originally wanted to seize the initiative to obtain resources and develop the initiative. Now, the locations of the nine resource planets that he had obtained previously had become known to everyone.

Itavi was furious!

However, in his anger, he had to consider something else.

Previously, when he obtained the locations of these nine resource planets, he had immediately sent them to Nilab and asked him to secretly arrange for people to seize the strategy and obtain the resources.

As for his profits, they were definitely guaranteed.

But after Lei Tian announced this, a very dangerous situation might happen.

If the other sectors of the Blue Star discovered that the India Sector had attacked these nine resource planets in advance, would they determine that the traitor of the Blue Star, Black Hole, was from the India Sector?

Of course, even if they came to this judgment, the other sectors of the Blue Star could not do anything to him. Without solid evidence, there was only wrangling between them. However, this did not prevent the other sectors of the Blue Star from guarding against the India Sector from now on.

That situation was the most terrifying thing. If that happened, it meant that the India Sector would be isolated in the future, including their allies. That would be the greatest blow to the India Sector!

Such a situation was even more uncomfortable than killing him.

“Lei Tian, you are the most lowly slave!” Itavi secretly gritted his teeth in hatred for Lei Tian, but he did not dare to show it on the surface. He could only fake a strange expression like the others.

He also had to control his emotions.

As he disguised himself, Itavi began to activate their own emergency communication method and began to contact Nilab layer by layer, asking him to postpone the attack on the nine resource planets. If he had already sent a team, he would immediately recall them.

He must not let the other sectors discover that the India Sector had known the locations of the nine resource planets in advance.

For a moment, Itavi was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood.

Not only did the duck in his hand fly away, but it also left a pile of trouble.

This was Planet Kono. Even if they activated their emergency communication method, it would still take about a day for the news to return to the Manut asteroid. He only hoped that Nilab would move slower, or that he could recall the troops he had sent as soon as possible.

If in the future, the India Sector would be isolated by the other sectors because of this trust problem, then he, Itavi, would be a sinner of the India Sector! Although it was just a push notification, it had actually affected the attack rhythm of the Blue Star experts.

This was especially so for Itavi. Due to his thoughts and emergency treatment, his attacks slowed down. Outsiders could not tell, but the Spiritual Race experts in the war zone could.

However, Itavi quickly received a second notification from the Spiritual Race. This time, Itavi received a directional communication request.

“Lord Itavi, a Spiritual Planet that can produce at least two Silver Boxes of Spirit a year. Can you go easy on them?” Itavi hesitated for a moment before picking up. This was Lei Qian’s voice.

Itavi was a little hesitant. To be honest, he was very tempted by this price. Two Silver Spirit Boxes a year. It did not take long. It only needed about ten years of accumulation to produce a huge leap in the power of the India Sector.

However, the sincerity of the Spiritual Race, especially since they had just been betrayed, made him very worried.

“Lord Itavi, don’t worry. Our deal is definitely sincere!” Lei Qian promised. “In the future, we can establish a long-term cooperation!”

Lei Qian’s words were very tempting to Itavi. However, Itavi was also a battle coin among old coins. It was already very difficult after Lei Tian tricked him once. At this moment, he was extremely vigilant.

Instinctively, Itavi glanced at Raymont, Augusto, and the strongest Planetary realm powerhouses in the distance..