Chapter 1217 - 1217: Turning Point Of The Defeat And Revenge (2)

Chapter 1217: Turning Point of the Defeat and Revenge (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Unfortunately, it was still too late.

If it was Lei Gen, who had experienced it before, he might have the possibility of catching this sword. However, this was the first time Lei Xiang had encountered the Small God Slaying Sword.

Almost instantly, Xu Tui’s faint golden Small God Slaying Sword appeared above Lei Xiang’s head and slashed in.

Lei Xiang’s body trembled. His eyes instantly became unfocused, and the lightning around his body collapsed.

However, Lei Xiang’s life aura was still very strong. Xu Tui’s sword only caused Lei Xiang’s mental body to tremble for a short period of time. It did not have the power to kill Lei Xiang.

The power to kill Lei Xiang was An Xiaoxue. At the same time, a mysterious and strange fluctuation suddenly appeared on Lei Xiang’s head. The area above Lei Xiang’s neck suddenly disappeared.

It disappeared.

Blood instantly spurted out of his neck.

Lei Xiang had died.

This was An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash!

This was a new ability that An Xiaoxue had obtained after she broke through to the quasi-planetary realm with Dimensional Explosion as the main genetic ability chain. Or rather, it was a new application.

After communicating with Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue had continuously changed the Dimensional Explosion to form the current Dimensional Slash.

The Dimensional Slash was extremely strange. It was silent and seemed to ignore defense.

No matter how strong your defense was, it would not disperse in front of the Dimensional Slash. Instead, it would directly disappear.

It would disappear from this space. @@novelbin@@

This was also why An Xiaoxue was so powerful. This ability could directly threaten Planetary realm powerhouses. She was much stronger than Xu Tui. Xu Tui also explained Cai Shaochu’s Dao, Dharma, Technique, and Weapon to An Xiaoxue. He wanted to see what kind of path An Xiaoxue could walk.

“Xiaoxue, next.” There was no communication. Xu Tui only sent a mental voice transmission to An Xiaoxue and instantly locked onto another quasi-planet. The Small God Slaying Sword instantly slashed over. His mental body trembled, and An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash followed.

Another person was instantly killed.

They cooperated extremely well. Of course, with Xu Tui’s current ability, he could completely use the God Slaying Sword to kill any quasi-planetary expert present. Moreover, Xu Tui only needed to use less than 10% of his mind power to use the Small God Slaying Sword to instantly kill any quasi-planetary expert present.

However, Xu Tui did not dare to do that.

In such a battle, mind power was Xu Tui’s ammunition.

Xu Tui would basically be crippled if he used up his mind power too quickly. Therefore, he conserved his mind power. Other than the sword that he had slashed at Lei Xiang just now. He had used about 4% of his mind power because Lei Xiang’s mind power was powerful.

Xu Tui had only used 2% of his mind power to make a quasi-planetary’s mental body that was not a supernatural being tremble for half a second.

Half a second was enough for An Xiaoxue to kill him several times.

For a moment, Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword and An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash killed the quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race on the fourth battlefield as if they were chickens.

The situation here was tilting towards the Blue Star humans at an unprecedented speed.

In just 30 seconds, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had killed more than three quasi-planets.

Suddenly, a dazzling light lit up in Area 1. A series of mid-micro particle chain bullets instantly exploded in Area 1.

“Bastards!” Haren, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the American Sector, roared angrily.

The sudden barrage of bullets took away a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fission Race, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the American Sector, and two quasi-planetary experts. Originally, with the cooperation of the members of the mobile team sent by Haren and Raymont, the first warzone that Haren was in quickly established a battlefield advantage.

Under the siege of a Planetary realm expert and two quasi-planetary experts, they would be able to kill this Planetary realm expert of the Spiritual Race in a minute or two and expand their advantage.

However, no one expected the Spiritual Race to use the bullets to attack indiscriminately.

As soon as this move was used, the Blue Star experts in the four war zones immediately became a little restrained and did not dare to gather too much. This was especially so for all the Planetary realm experts. They held back when they fought and paid attention to the distant sky.

They had to avoid the bullets as soon as possible.

This scene made Xu Tui tremble. The Spiritual Race was really ruthless. He was ruthless to his enemies and his own people.

“Everyone, pay attention to the combat distance.” Xu Tui immediately reminded them to prevent a few of their members from being killed by the barrage. This was especially so for Yin Ba, Yin Liu, and Bu Qingqiu, who wanted to help Lavis attack the Planetary realm powerhouse. They were all stopped by Xu Tui.

One for two. That was too worth it.

If it were Xu Tui, he would also use the mid-micro particle chain barrage.

Thirty seconds later, another barrage of comments exploded in Area 2 controlled by the India Sector, directly taking away a Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector. Of course, there was also a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Spiritual Race.

At the same time, the bullets enveloped another Planetary realm powerhouse. Although it did not hit, it still allowed the other Planetary realm powerhouse of the Spiritual Race to find an opportunity to severely injure this Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector.

There was naturally no need to mention Itavi’s anger.

Planetary realm powerhouses had not died in the Huaxia Sector, but one of theirs had died first.

Why didn’t the Spiritual Race’s mid-micro particle chain barrage bombard Area 3 and Area 4?

The reason was very simple. In Area 3, the Huaxia Sector had been suppressed by the Spiritual Race because the main force, Cai Shaochu, had left. At this moment, another Planetary realm powerhouse had come to participate in the battle. The Spiritual Race had an advantage in Area 3..