Chapter 1221 - 1221: Breaking Through And Changing The Situation (1)

Chapter 1221: Breaking Through and Changing the Situation (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lei Tian used his injuries as the price. The lightning instantly turned out of Erera and Cai Shaochu’s encirclement and landed on Planet Kono.

Erera, who was fighting excitedly, became anxious. She was on the battlefield and fighting the battle. She understood the situation just now very well. The moment she chased after him, she sent a mental voice transmission and asked, “Shaochu, what happened to you just now? Why didn’t you stop Lei Tian? You should have been able to stop him just now! As long as we stop him, we will have a chance to kill him.”

Cai Shaochu turned into a stream of light at the same time and chased after Erera. He chased after Planet Kono. “With just the two of us? I’m afraid it’s very difficult to kill Lei Tian. The chance is very slim! But what if a ferocious beast returns?”

“Return?” Erera, who did not have enough IQ could not react for a moment.

“The Planet Kono is Lei Tian’s cage!”

Looking at the lightning that Lei Tian had turned around and was about to entangle Haren who was about to enter the command center of the forward operating base, the corners of Cai Shaochu’s mouth curled up slightly.

Who said that he was not good at infighting?

Look at Itavi, Augusto, Huang Gu, Haren, and even the Myth Athena. All of them were cunning. Seeing that the victory was set, they all rushed towards Planet Kono, but no one came to help attack Lei Tian.

Lei Tian was the common enemy of the Blue Star, not Cai Shaochu alone. If you want to play, let’s play together!

Lei Tian was really a little crazy. He was anxious.

The lightning exploded around Haren like the sky, blocking him from rushing into the forward operating base. He did not forget to throw out a lightning ball of light. It turned into a lightning dragon and blocked Itavi in the distance.

He needed to buy time for Lei Qian!

Three minutes!

Lei Qian needed three minutes.

Lei Tian was a very cunning person. Over the years, he had also planned a way out for himself, but he had planned it extremely carefully. Other than Lei Qian, no one else knew about this escape route.

Therefore, not only did the quantum teleportation channel used for this secret retreat have to be in the deepest part of the underground of the forward operating base, but it also had to be activated with Origin Crystals.

According to the speed at which Lei Qian was carrying the child, it would take three minutes if everything went smoothly.

Lei Tian was like a crazy tiger. He charged left and right and actually stopped Haren, Itavi, Huang Gu, and Augusto at the same time. He could be said to be divinely brave.

At the same time, Lei Tian was also giving the final tactical order.

“Lei Gen, Lei Zhen, escape. I’ll take over the command center.” During the battle, Lei Tian could still divert his attention to command.

However, Lei Tian’s words also meant that the momentum of this battle was over.

At this moment, Lei Tian realized the mistake of his indiscriminate attacks. His indiscriminate attacks dealt a huge blow to the battle will of the vassal races’ Planetary realm powerhouses. As a result, these vassal species of Planetary realm powerhouses either fled or surrendered.

As for the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race, they were either dead or injured. Currently, only Lei Zhen and him were left.

Countless thoughts and thoughts surged crazily in Lei Tian’s mind. In the end, they turned into three of his expectations or goals.

The first target was, naturally, to evacuate Lei Qian and her son safely. That was the most important thing. The second target was to escape from this place. The third target was to take revenge on the Blue Star humans!

The Blue Star humans’ attack had destroyed his base, his future, and his future happiness. He naturally had to take revenge!

There were many ways, but he had to complete the goals one by one. In the outer space, the Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses of the Fission Race and the Dissimilate Race were killed. Some fled, while others surrendered. This caused the originally stalemate battle to become a rout in an extremely short period of time.

This way, the remaining Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star immediately rushed towards Planet Kono. That number made Lei Tian angry and hateful. @@novelbin@@

This battle had been a failure.

Up until now, only three Planetary realm powerhouses had died in the battle on the Blue Star. On the Spiritual Race’s side, more than nine Planetary realm powerhouses had died. They had been completely defeated.

However, at this moment, Lei Tian did not have the time to think about this. He was thinking about how he could last three minutes and buy Lei Qian and her son precious time to retreat. Then, he would use his speed to escape.

To be honest, with Lei Tian’s strength and methods, even if he was facing the siege of three to five Planetary realm powerhouses, as long as they were not all like Erera, he was confident that he could hold on for more than ten minutes. He might even be able to leave easily after the battle.

However, what if he was surrounded by seven to eight Planetary realm powerhouses?

That would be difficult.

There was still a chance of escaping, but it was too difficult to last three minutes. Moreover, a minute later, Lei Tian might have to face the siege of more than 15 Planetary realm powerhouses.

“Open all the warehouses and project the locations of all the supplies. Project the locations of all the production lines and factories.” Lei Tian suddenly gave an order to the supercomputer in the command center of the forward operating base.

In an instant, huge light screens were projected into the sky. Due to the battle between Planetary realm powerhouses, they would occasionally shatter and interweave.

The moment the huge projection screen appeared, all the Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses participating in the battle were attracted. Even Haren, Itavi, Huang Gu, and the others, who were besieging Lei Tian, could not help but slow down.

The content of the projection that the Spiritual Race had projected was the locations of more than 80 automated production lines and the hundreds of resource warehouses in the forward operating base..