Chapter 1220 - 1220: The Final Deal And Trapped Beast (2)

Chapter 1220: The Final Deal and Trapped Beast (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He suddenly realized that there was something wrong with the expressions and reactions of the strongest Planetary realm powerhouses in the various sectors. They seemed to be conflicted and considering it.

This emotional change could only be sensed by an old coin like Itavi. Suddenly, Itavi realized that the conditions that the Spiritual Race had just offered for the coordinates of a Spiritual Planet were for everyone in private, not for him alone.

The conditions given to everyone were actually bubbles!

Itavi was furious. Damn it, he had lied to him once, but he still wanted to lie to him a second time!

“You want to bribe me with just a Spiritual Planet? Dream on. If you kill us, we’ll have everything!” Itavi cursed publicly.

In an instant, the Planetary realm powerhouses from the other sectors who were thinking about benefits had strange expressions.

So the Spiritual Race had given everyone the same conditions? That meant that there was no sincerity! However, it was very strange that Itavi, this old ghost, was the first to jump out and expose the Spiritual Race.

“Mr. Itavi is the bravest. He was the first to expose the Spiritual Race’s scheme!

Just as Mr. Itavi said, any resources that destroy the Spiritual Race will be ours! Everyone, we’ll break through the forward operating base today!” Raymont roared, his voice ringing in the communication channel.

In an instant, the Blue Star’s attack, which had just slowed down slightly, strengthened again. In fact, even Cai Shaochu had been affected by Lei Tian’s strategy just now. After receiving Lei Qian’s private communication, Cai Shaochu also hesitated for a moment.

After all, Spiritual Planet could only be chanced upon by luck. Moreover, without the technical support of the Spiritual Race, it would be useless even if they obtained Spiritual Planet. @@novelbin@@

Cai Shaochu was also very tempted. However, it was exposed by Itavi. It was a very strange feeling.

The frustration in Lei Tian’s heart was indescribable. He had wanted to use his benefits to fight for a chance. After all, the Blue Star was divided into eight organizations. No, including Xu Tui, there should be nine organizations. There would definitely be conflicts of interest.

He did not expect Itavi to expose him.

At this moment, Lei Tian actually realized that he had made a mistake previously. For example, an indiscriminate attack would first destroy their morale.

However, from Lei Tian’s perspective, this decision was not wrong. After all, before this, those vassal species of Planetary realm powerhouses were just tools to the Spiritual Race. They could kill them if they wanted to.

Lei Tian had enjoyed such a high and mighty position for nearly a hundred years.

A year ago, ever since Lei Tian decided to become independent and lost the support of the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary, these vassal Planetary realm powerhouses suddenly became precious.

Yet, it was only at this moment that Lei Tian completely realized this.

But it seemed a little late.

The situation on the battlefield also changed drastically at this moment.

Haren, who had rushed into Planet Kono, destroyed the mid-micro particle launcher position of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base with lightning speed. He turned into a bolt of lightning and charged towards the most eye-catching building on Planet Kono.

That was the command center of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

Lei Tian became anxious when he saw this scene! It would be terrible if a powerful Planetary realm powerhouse like Haren rushed into the command center of the forward operating base.

Lei Qian was in complete danger!

“Sir, I can guarantee my safety. Focus on the battle.” Lei Qian first reminded Lei Tian. At the same time, she pressed a button. It was the button for the multi-center defense system of the forward operating base command center.

After so many years, other than using it every few years for drill, she had never really used it.

Almost at the same time, long cannons extended from all directions of the command center’s structure. Flames shot out and weaved into a net of light.

There was an energy light net and a mid-micro particle barrage net. They were layered and three-dimensional.

Even though Haren was a Planetary realm powerhouse and a lightning-type supernatural being, he was still extremely fast. He crashed into one of the small-scale mid-micro particle chain bullets.

Fortunately, Haren was very careful. With the enhancement of Raymont’s wind wings and Augusto’s earth-element Guardian, he immediately turned into a lightning bolt the moment he collided with the mid-micro particle chain barrage.

The earth-element Guardian disappeared, and the lightning barrier around him disappeared. The lightning that turned out suddenly trembled.

In the next moment, Haren spat out blood and fell out of the lightning.

However, Haren was also a ruthless person. He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and increased his speed to the maximum. He began to circle the command center of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, searching for a direction to attack. From time to time, he would blast out a bolt of lightning.

Every bolt of lightning could destroy a defense cannon.

The multi-center defense system of the command center of the forward operating base was actually very powerful. If it were a Planetary realm powerhouse, they might have been destroyed.

However, it happened to be Haren, a lightning-type supernatural being with extremely fast attacks and extremely explosive power.

It could be said that it was the nemesis of the Spiritual Race’s multi-center defense system. It would not take long for Haren to attack the command center of the forward operating base.

Above Planet Kono, Lei Tian was very anxious! He was so anxious that he was not in the mood to fight. Anything could happen to anyone, but nothing could happen to Lei Qian and his newborn child!

Lei Tian had never expected the battle to be so bad. However, it was obvious that the battle had reached the worst.

Among the four war zones, other than the Huaxia Sector’s War Zone 3, the Spiritual Race did not suffer much losses. The Spiritual Race was already in complete defeat in War Zone 1, 2, and 4.

Commander-in -chief Raymont had already sized up Lei Tian, who was surrounded by Erera and Cai Shaochu. Should he consider participating in the battle to annihilate Lei Tian or attack the command center of the forward operating base?

However, a few words immediately appeared in Raymont’s mind—a cornered

beast would fight!

Lei Tian’s combat strength was extremely powerful. If he rashly participated in the battle and surrounded Lei Tian, the consequences would be unpredictable if Lei Tian erupted in despair. In that case, it was better to start organizing people to quickly expand the results of the battle. It was better to have the base command center before the attack.

That was the most rewarding place!

All the information about the Spiritual Race’s development of the solar system over the years was there. Even if they could not capture Lei Tian, the value of capturing the low-level staff officers in the command of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was priceless.

According to the pre-war rules of the Blue Star, the captive belonged to whoever obtained it.

Therefore, after seeing the light of victory, the plans of the various factions in the Blue Star began.

On Xu Tui’s side, he was also expanding the results of his battle with extreme caution. This was because the other Planetary realm powerhouse of the Spiritual Race had been killed by An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui, and Yin Liu. The Spiritual Race in Area 4 had completely collapsed and began to escape.

Under such circumstances, Lei Tian was really anxious.

“Qian’er, leave quickly!” As he fought, Lei Tian made arrangements for Lei Qian.

“I’m not leaving. If we want to leave, we’ll leave together!” Lei Qian was very stubborn!

Lei Tian was about to go crazy from anxiety. Under such circumstances, it would be strange if he could do it.

“Qian’er, be obedient. For the sake of our child, leave through the tunnel I arranged previously immediately! After you go over, destroy the quantum teleportation channel immediately. No one can find you there. You can raise our child in peace. I’ll look for you after I get away!” Lei Tian said anxiously.

“Sir, I’m afraid. Let’s leave together, okay?” At this moment, Lei Qian was about to cry.

“Look at the child in your arms! If you don’t leave, we won’t be able to leave! If you leave, I won’t have anything to worry about. When the time comes, no one here can stop me if I want to leave!” Lei Tian roared!

Lei Qian was woken up by Lei Tian’s angry roar. She immediately understood that she would not be able to leave if she did not.

“Alright, I’ll leave immediately! Sir, you have to retreat immediately after I leave. Even without the forward operating base, that planet will still be ours!” Lei Qian said.

“Yes, I will!” Lei Tian replied.

Just as Lei Qian agreed, five to six streams of light had already rushed into Planet Kono from all directions. Among them, Raymont and Itavi were the fastest.

In the war zone, an expert from the Fission Race actually surrendered!

“Bastards!” Lei Tian roared angrily. If they rushed in, would Lei Qian be able to evacuate with the child? It would also take time for Lei Qian and the child to evacuate.

In the next moment, lightning suddenly erupted.

Lei Tian took a direct hit from Erera. He vomited blood and turned into a bolt of lightning that shot towards the base..