Chapter 1229 - 1229: An Xiaoxue’S Choice

Chapter 1229: An Xiaoxue’s Choice

The security door that led to the last three levels of the underground was very thick. It was a little thicker than the security door of the emergency command center.

Previously, An Xiaoxue had used Dimensional Slash to cut open the security door of the emergency command center in ten seconds.

This one took a full 20 seconds.

After the cut was made, An Xiaoxue took the lead and led everyone in.

Xu Tui had originally thought that the last three floors of the underground that Lei Tian had set up and controlled alone might contain a large number of precious resources. They should be warehouses of resources or other precious raw materials.

If he got a handful, he and An Xiaoxue would be rich as long as they filled up the quantum dimensional chain.

However, that was not the case in reality.

After rushing in, there was a ring-shaped sealed wall. What surprised Xu Tui the most was that he could not penetrate this circular sealed wall with his current mind power.

It had to be known that in the forward operating base, even though all the walls of the forward operating base had been added with anti-shielded materials and the quantum full-frequency jammer array had been activated, Xu Tui could still extend a portion of his mind power over and sense it, despite it being a little blurry.

But now, his mind power was tightly sealed by this circular closed wall. It could not pass through at all. They walked along the tunnel and arrived at another safety door.

“Someone just passed through here.” Xu Tui had just spread out his mental perception when he sensed a little remnant aura.

Everyone was actually a frequency generator with super powerful information. There would definitely be information left behind as they passed by. However, such information would usually dissipate in a few seconds.

Xu Tui could sense two remnant auras that were about to dissipate. The moment he sensed it, Xu Tui immediately thought of Lei Qian and her son. Just now, Lei Tian had sent Lei Qian and her son to the last three levels of the underground. In that case, the person who had just passed through here was

Lei Qian.

An Xiaoxue used Dimensional Slash again.

It had to be said that after An Xiaoxue broke through to the quasi-planetary realm, the ability of Dimensional Explosion was really, really powerful.

Xu Tui sometimes wondered if he should use the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain as the main chain or use his mental whip as the main chain when he broke through to the quasi-planetary realm.

After all, the main chain used as a breakthrough would have a certain level of derivation when the genetic ability chain gathered into a star.

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash was such a derivative ability.

An Xiaoxue only used ten seconds to cut open the safety door. There was a thick oppressive aura after it was cut open. Even though he was wearing a combat uniform, Xu Tui could still feel the oppressive air here.

It was a long tunnel.

Xu Tui’s mind power was still firmly restricted to this tunnel. Other than the tunnel, mind power could not pass through the wall at all. It could not go up, down, left, or right. There was nothing else in the long tunnel. It was another safety door.

This time, Xu Tui’s mind power did not sense the auras of Lei Qian and her son. However, there were extremely slight footprints on the ground.

There was a faint layer of dust on the ground and messy footprints.

An Xiaoxue attacked again. This time, it took An Xiaoxue 15 seconds to quickly cut a huge hole that could fit a person.

Xu Tui had just crawled through when he saw Lei Qian’s pain and despair gaze disappear into the vortex-like quantum teleportation tunnel.

Lei Qian and her son had escaped.

He could not catch up in time.

Everyone gathered in front of the quantum teleportation channel that had just been activated. A choice was placed in front of them. Should they chase after them? They might only have 30 seconds to choose. This was because it would only take about 30 seconds from Lei Qian’s teleportation to destroy this temporary quantum teleportation channel.

“This might be a way out for Lei Tian,” Yanzi said. “Do you know where it leads?” Xu Tui asked. @@novelbin@@

Yanzi shook her head.

“Ah Huang, is there any information here in the database of the emergency command center?” Xu Tui asked.

“Not at the moment.”

“I don’t know where it leads to, but the place that this temporary quantum teleportation tunnel leads to must still be in the solar system,” Yanzi suddenly said.

“Why?” Xu Tui asked.

“The quantum teleportation channel across galaxies is extremely complicated. Not to mention refining, my grandfather can’t even create the quantum array core alone. It has to be done by the combined efforts of several elders of the Sanctuary. Moreover, the success rate was very low.

“I’ve seen quantum teleportation channels across galaxies. When they were activated, the energy fluctuations were extremely vast, deeper, and more complicated,” Yanzi said. “I reckon that the place where Lei Tian can get his wife and children to evacuate is definitely a safer planet.”

“If it’s in the solar system…”

Just as Xu Tui was weighing the pros and cons, An Xiaoxue suddenly said, “I’ll chase after them!”

“Xiaoxue, there’s no need to take the risk.” Xu Tui quickly stopped her.

Xu Tui and the others knew nothing about the other side of the temporary quantum teleportation channel.

Based on the current situation, the place where Lei Tian had let his wife and children escape was definitely not a dangerous place. After all, his child was only a few months old. It was impossible for the environment to be too harsh. Moreover, it was very likely that there were no Planetary realm powerhouses.

If there were, they would have sent reinforcements long ago. However, he could not take such an unknown risk. Otherwise, they would have to fight with all their might.

At that moment, Xu Tui stopped An Xiaoxue. Ever since he attacked Planet Kono, Xu Tui had come up with a strategy for this battle. He had to be cowardly.

An Xiaoxue did not insist when she was stopped by Xu Tui. She also understood the risk. However, at the same time, rumbling thunder suddenly sounded in the distance. The violent aura of lightning had already faintly transmitted over.

Ah Huang, who had taken control of the emergency command center, immediately relayed the situation of the battle.

“Lei Tian and Lei Zhen have already been surrounded. Despite that, we still have to pay a price if we want to kill these two people.

“However, Lei Tian suddenly went berserk and attacked crazily. He wanted to rush into the third level of the underground a few times, but he was stopped by a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Blue Star,” Ah Huang said.

Everyone’s expressions turned cold. Xu Tui immediately realized that Lei Tian was either escaping or had discovered them and chased them here. He thought that something had happened to Lei Qian and her son and wanted to save them.

In that case, it would be more dangerous for Xu Tui and the others to stay here.

As long as there was a gap in the siege on the other side and Lei Tian and Lei Zhen rushed over, their group would probably suffer heavy casualties.

Lei Hong was so terrifying back then. Lei Tian was at least equivalent to two or even three Lei Hongs. Lei Zhen was also equivalent to more than one and a half Lei Hongs. If these two brothers rushed over, Xu Tui and the others would risk being wiped out in this narrow tunnel.

Xu Tui had already taken out his God Slaying Sword. Yin Liu and Yin Ba had also transformed into their strongest defensive forms.

Lei Tian was too terrifying.

“Not good. Lei Tian was injured as the price. He pulled Lei Zhen and rushed out of the encirclement of the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star.” Ah Huang’s warning sounded.

Tsk!

Xu Tui’s feelings were indescribable at this moment.

Could he say that he was unlucky? They were on the second last floor of the underground, and there was only one tunnel between the third and second floors. There was no way to hide. There was a layer of safety door between the second-to-last level and the last level.

Even An Xiaoxue would need more than ten seconds to cut it open with her Dimensional Slash. With the speed of Lei Tian, even if there were Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star, it would not take more than a few seconds to reach here.

In other words, Xu Tui’s group would be fighting Lei Tian and Lei Zhen head-on in a few seconds. This was a pair of trapped beasts in a desperate situation. The moment he attacked, he would definitely exchange his life for theirs.

What was worse was that Xu Tui thought of another possibility. If it was just Lei Tian and Lei Zhen charging over, Xu Tui and the others would not have fallen into a hopeless situation. The Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star were not to be trifled with.

The Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star were firmly behind Lei Tian and Lei Zhen. As long as Xu Tui and the others could hold Lei Tian and his brother back for a second and a half, they would be safe.

However, Xu Tui instantly thought of another possibility.

Although it was shameless, the possibility was very high. Many Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star were very happy for Xu Tui to be killed.

For example, Haren, Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and even others.

However, these people were relatively fast among the Planetary realm powerhouses, such as Haren and Ruan Tianzuo.

If these people insisted on chasing after Lei Tian, they would not have to take action personally. As long as they were half a second slower in chasing after Lei Tian, that time would be enough for Lei Tian and Lei Zhen to kill Xu Tui.

Xu Tui instantly broke out in a cold sweat. He did not want to know, but when he thought about it, the possibility was very high.

An Xiaoxue instantly looked at Xu Tui.

Perhaps it was because they had been together for a long time, or perhaps it was because they understood each other extremely well, or perhaps An Xiaoxue was also extremely smart, but she instantly thought of the same thing as Xu Tui.

“I’ll chase after them!” When she said these words, An Xiaoxue sent a voice transmission to Xu Tui’s consciousness at the same time. “Send a voice transmission to Lei Tian. Tell him that our people have already captured Lei Qian and her son alive! He won’t dare to kill you. As long as you stop him, there won’t be a problem.”

At this moment, many thoughts surged in Xu Tui’s mind. Including chasing after them with An Xiaoxue. However, he immediately rejected it. If he chased after them with An Xiaoxue, what if Lei Tian charged over through this temporary quantum teleportation channel?

In that case, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue would really die without a burial place.

They would have jumped into a dead end. One of them had to chase after them. The other had to stay here and stop Lei Tian.

Xu Tui could not help but curse in his heart when he thought of this. Were the people besieging Lei Tian all trash? More than a dozen Planetary realm powerhouses, and they were all the top Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star, even let Lei Tian escape.

It was too much!

At this moment, time became extremely important.

While Xu Tui was thinking, An Xiaoxue had already thrown in 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals. At the same time, she stepped into the temporary quantum teleportation channel.

Xu Tui became anxious.

“Don’t worry, I know what to do.” An Xiaoxue sent a voice transmission to Xu Tui’s consciousness. “Moreover, I brought more than one set.”

Xu Tui felt much more at ease after An Xiaoxue said that.

An Xiaoxue had brought along the quantum array core that Xu Tui had refined. Even if something happened, she could establish a connection with Xu Tui in a short period of time as long as the conditions were not extremely harsh.

“Keep in touch. Try not to let the people over there destroy this temporary quantum teleportation channel. I’ll go over after I deal with Lei Tian.” Xu Tui’s mental voice transmission was extremely fast. He finished explaining in an instant.

An Xiaoxue disappeared after she finished giving her instructions. The others were dumbfounded. They did not understand what had happened. Why did An Xiaoxue suddenly step into this quantum teleportation channel?

Bu Qingqiu reacted the fastest.

“It’s easy for accidents to happen if Xiaoxue goes alone. I’ll go too so that I can take care of her.” As Bu Qingqiu spoke, she stepped into the temporary quantum teleportation channel that led to an unknown planet.

“Xu Tui!” Almost the moment Bu Qingqiu disappeared, Lei Tian’s lightning and roar sounded at the end of the tunnel..