Chapter 1226 - 1226: The Entry Speed Is A Little Slow (2)

Chapter 1226: The Entry Speed Is a Little Slow (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The forward operating base had been operating for a long time and had considered various extreme situations. There was a physical route that could prevent interference and shielding hidden in the equipment control room. It could be used to contact people in emergencies.

“Where are Lei Qian and my nephew?” Lei Zhen was also quite anxious.

As he operated, Lei Tian quickly searched for the information he could find. The route that Lei Qian took to retreat underground with the child should be fixed. In less than 30 seconds, Lei Tian found Lei Qian’s figure. She had just carried the child through the fifth level on the ground and was pushing open the thick door with the auxiliary robot.

“They’re safe, but there are four floors above and 12 floors underground. Four minutes. It might take another four minutes at the earliest,” Lei Zhen said.

Lei Tian changed the image from Lei Qian and began to investigate the images he could obtain from the other intersections.

“The other four teams on the Blue Star are exploring at turtle speed. With their exploration speed, Qian’er and Ji’er are definitely safe. However, Xu Tui… What I’m worried about now is Xu Tui from Planet Spirit, especially with that b*tch,

Yanzi. ”

Lei Tian had an anxious expression. He searched down layer by layer through the surveillance cameras here, but he could not find Xu Tui and the others. He wanted to flip through the recording, but he did not have the time.

As he flipped through the videos, Lei Tian’s gaze became more and more anxious.

“Brother, the four teams of the Blue Star have already explored this level. Erera is also on the 24th level,” Lei Zhen said anxiously.

“Let’s go. Let’s kill a wave and go to the next level.”

Twenty seconds later, Lei Tian and Lei Zhen attacked the team from the Huaxia Sector again. This time, they did not succeed. This time, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Russian Federation, Anlevich, was slightly injured. Ruan Tianzuo was injured. Lei Tian and Lei Zhen did not succeed.

However, at the same time, Cai Shaochu did not dare to advance rashly. Instead, he informed the other teams to continue searching and increase their vigilance.

After missing the attack, Lei Tian and Lei Zhen immediately sank to the 21st floor of the emergency equipment control room in the shortest time possible. It was fine if he did not kill the enemy in one strike. Based on the current situation, they had plenty of opportunities. Now, he was worried about the safety of Lei Qian and the child.

Lei Qian and the child would not be able to retaliate even if they encountered a quasi-planetary expert, let alone Xu Tui’s team.

“Big Brother, the second basement level. They just passed the second basement level a minute ago.” Lei Zhen suddenly found the figure of Xu Tui and the others that had passed through from a screen of surveillance footage.

Lei Tian’s expression instantly became extremely ugly. “Let’s go and deal with Xu Tui’s team first.”

Lei Zhen wanted to say something, but in the end, he followed.

Currently, they only knew that Xu Tui and the others were at the second level of the basement. The interior of the forward operating base was so large. Even if the two of them were extremely fast, it would still take some time to search through the layers.

However, this was the only option at the moment.

While Lei Tian was leading Lei Zhen toward the underground building to search for Xu Tui, Xu Tui and the others had already arrived at the eighth level of the underground under Yanzi’s lead.

It was the fourth last level underground.

Yanzi pointed at three extremely thick doors and said, “These three doors are the emergency command center of the forward operating base, the emergency military supply warehouse, and the combat reserve warehouse. They won’t be opened easily.”

At this moment, Xu Tui trusted Yan Lie extremely. If Yan Lie was here, these three gates would be taken care of in minutes.

Unfortunately, not only was Yan Lie not around, but there was also the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Africa Sector, Maguwa.

“Yes, but there must be anti-interference and shielding buildings inside these three gates. There must be relevant access restrictions inside that can’t be easily opened. At the moment, it was very difficult to open it with our equipment and technology.

“However, there’s an emergency equipment control room on the sixth basement floor. There’s a data entrance there, but the rights are relatively low,” Yanzi asked.

Xu Tui frowned. That was indeed a problem. Sometimes, it was very simple to break through technological access. Sometimes, it could make you helpless. Now seemed to be the time to be helpless.

“Does it have a self-destruction device?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“There must be a self-destruction device in the entire base, but there must not be one in this emergency command center. Even if there is, it will trigger the counterattack of some automated weapons after being violently attacked. However, this will be useless under the influence of the full-frequency jammer…”

Halfway through her sentence, Yanzi looked at Xu Tui and suddenly froze. “You want to break through this door by force? Don’t even think about it. This door can indeed be destroyed by force, but only the power of a Planetary realm powerhouse can be destroyed by force. And it will take time.” @@novelbin@@

The corners of Xu Tui’s lips curled up. The Mountain Sword that he had condensed previously slowly began to accelerate. However, at this moment, An Xiaoxue’s voice suddenly rang out. “Is that so? I’ll try.”

An Xiaoxue was speaking to Yanzi, not Xu Tui. Yanzi raised her chin and looked at An Xiaoxue provocatively. An Xiaoxue ignored this provocation. The mind power around her surged. In the next moment, the thick door shook silently. A large piece of metal on the door suddenly fell. The incision was as smooth as a mirror.

Yanzi’s cherry lips parted slightly. She was stunned and looked at An Xiaoxue in extreme shock. It seemed that An Xiaoxue was only quasi-planetary.

How could she…?

How could she do it?

In the next moment, to Yanzi’s shock, the thick metal door seemed to have been cut by a pair of invisible hands and fell layer by layer.

Xu Tui’s gaze shifted slightly.

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion was all related to space. Space was definitely the sharpest attack in the world. From this point of view, Dimensional Explosion had actually left the low level and reached the level of a Dharma.

This was also the fundamental reason why An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash could destroy the defense door of the emergency command center.

However, it had to be said that the command door of the emergency center was really thick. Every time An Xiaoxue cut off a metal that was nearly 80 centimeters thick, she had to cut off ten pieces before she could cut a huge hole.

The door was eight meters thick.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword would definitely not be able to pierce through it.

“Xiaoxue, cut the other two gates.” As he spoke, Xu Tui entered the emergency command center. The three Planetary realm powerhouses followed him in.

Almost at the same time, an alarm sounded in the emergency center. “There’s an indistinguishable biological invasion. Activate the automatic defense system.”

When a dense array of weapons and equipment reached out from all corners, Xu Tui threw Ah Huang out. When it was thrown out, Ah Huang’s body kept changing. Then, with a bang, it stuck to an interface in the emergency command center and instantly began to simulate hardware.

The emergency command center of the Spiritual Race was 90% similar to the command center of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Almost at the same time that Ah Huang began to hack into the hardware, Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu

“Alright.” Xu Tui had already quickly crawled out of the hole in the door. The three Planetary realm powerhouses who had followed Xu Tui in instantly became extremely pathetic.

Yin Liu and Yin Ba trusted Xu Tui. If Xu Tui retreated, they would follow suit. The Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector, Maguwa, was a step slower and was focused on by the various arms in the emergency command center.

Fortunately, the emergency command center only had small-powered arms. They only caused him some trouble and did not cause much damage. After walking out of the emergency command center, Maguwa suddenly realized that Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were no longer around.

On the other side, a huge hole had already been opened in the door of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base’s emergency supply warehouse.

Bu Qingqiu, Yanzi, Yin Ba, and Yin Liu were queuing to enter. It looked like Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had already entered.

Maguwa naturally wanted to go in, but there were still Bu Qingqiu, Yanzi, Yin Ba, and Yin Liu in front. He could only queue at the back.

Maguwa was looking forward to knowing what was in the emergency supply warehouse of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. He was a little anxious.

However, the people in front of him were a little slow..