Chapter 1225 - 1225: The Entry Speed Is A Little Slow (1)

Chapter 1225: The Entry Speed Is a Little Slow (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Twenty seconds after the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star entered the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, the two brothers, Lei Tian and Lei Zhen, launched a surprise attack. A Planetary realm powerhouse from the American Sector died, and Augustus was injured.

On the 48th second of entering the base, under the surprise attack of Lei Tian and Lei Zhen, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Russian Federation who belonged to the mobile team was killed. Commander-in-chief Raymont was slightly injured.

The first minute and 11 seconds after entering the base, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector was killed by a surprise attack. Ruan Tianzuo was slightly injured. Cai Shaochu also suffered minor injuries under his pursuit.

One minute and 56 seconds after entering the base, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector was killed and Itavi was injured.

In just two minutes, four Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star had died.

Although the two brothers, Lei Tian and Lei Zhen, had chosen the weakest Planetary realm powerhouse in the target team, the methods of these two brothers still gave the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star a headache.

Everyone, be it Raymont, Cai Shaochu, Haren, Itavi, and the others, was extremely careful.

They carefully searched the maze-like forward operating base.

What was worse was that there was sometimes no contact between the various teams. As for Lei Tian, based on the current situation, Lei Tian seemed to be able to grasp the location of the various teams to a certain extent and launch a

surprise attack at any time.

Under such circumstances, the two brothers, Lei Tian and Lei Zhen, who had the geographical advantage and were extremely fast, were simply fighting on their home ground.

The various teams on the Blue Star could only carefully search layer by layer intermittently. They continuously compressed the space for Lei Tian and the others to move.

It could be foreseen that there would definitely be casualties if this continued.

However, Lei Tian and Lei Zhen were so terrifying after they joined forces. If they escaped today, then one day in the future, these two people would be able to attack and destroy a resource planet with two to three Planetary realm powerhouses stationed there.

In the future, two to three Planetary realm powerhouses stationed on a more important resource planet was the limit of the various alliances on the Blue Star.

Therefore, even if there would be casualties, they had to continue the search.

Erera, who was searching alone, was even more furious. She had actually discovered Lei Tian’s aura once, but she did not catch up.

This was especially so in such a narrow tunnel. Lei Tian and Lei Zhen’s lightning turns were extremely fast. Even though Erera used her mighty strength and shattered the tunnel without regard for consumption, she could not catch up.

This made Erera feel an inexplicable sense of powerlessness. She could not even catch up to Lei Tian in an empty space. It was almost impossible to catch up to Lei Tian in such a place with so much complicated terrain.

Unless they were besieged!

Unless many people cornered Lei Tian, there was no danger of killing him. This was probably why the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary had sent the experts of the Thunder Division to lead the army. Under the circumstances of development, the experts of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division were too difficult to deal with.

Just as the various teams of the Blue Star were carefully searching, Lei Tian, who had just killed a wave of people and was hiding in a corner, also frowned.

“What about the other team on the Blue Star? It’s Xu Tui’s team. Why can’t we find them after searching around?”

Lei Tian’s strategy was very simple. He would kill the weak first. The humans of the Blue Star were a very strange group. They could fight to the death, but they could also easily collapse. If they killed too many Planetary realm experts, they might break down themselves.

He had just killed a wave of people. Lei Tian followed the location that he had locked onto previously and was prepared to find Xu Tui’s team. He would kill two traitors of the Mechanical Spirit Race and capture Xu Tui alive.

He wanted to see if he could obtain the secret of the ancient Immortal Slaying Sword from Xu Tui. If he really obtained it, it would be fine if he, Lei Tian, could cultivate it. Even if he could not, he could use it to obtain huge contribution points from the Sanctuary.

However, two minutes ago, Lei Tian remembered very clearly that Xu Tui’s team had charged in from the 27th floor of the forward operating base. Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui and the others should be between the 24th to 30th floors of the ground in two minutes.

However, Lei Tian had already found the 13th floor, but he still could not find Xu Tui and the others.

This made Lei Tian a little anxious.

The ancient Immortal Slaying Sword in Xu Tui’s hand was also very important to Lei Tian.

“Could it be that they accidentally went down quickly? Or searched upward?” Lei Zhen was puzzled.

“No, the other teams on the Blue Star search from the top floor. They can’t hide on the 31st floor. However, under normal circumstances, with the full-frequency array of the quantum jammer activated, it will be difficult for them to even reach the 24th floor unless they know the way.”

Lei Tian frowned. This did not make sense. After the full-frequency array of the quantum frequency jammer was activated, this kind of interference was indiscriminate. It was equivalent to sacrificing their own to kill the enemy.

Even Lei Tian himself could only have a little understanding of the situation at the forward operating base through some emergency anti-interference preparations.

In the next moment, Lei Zhen suddenly exclaimed, “Yanzi, that b*tch Yanzi is with Xu Tui.’

Lei Tian’s pupils constricted. He said anxiously, “Xu Tui and the others brought

Yanzi in? Aren’t they all in the Planetary realm?”

“Brother, the situation was too chaotic at that time. I did not pay much attention to it. However, Xu Tui’s team had more people. There are definitely more than four people. There must be quasi-planetary experts coming in.” @@novelbin@@

“Oh no!” Lei Tian let out a cry of surprise and flashed with lightning. In two seconds, he arrived at the equipment control room on the 24th floor..