Chapter 1227 - 1227: Counter Control

Chapter 1227: Counter Control

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The emergency military supply warehouse was actually similar in terms of the types of resources stored.

Emergency military supplies were mainly combat equipment, emergency supplies, and special supplies. They were similar to the emergency military supplies on the Blue Star.

When Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue entered, the first thing they saw was a large amount of special ammunition. For example, the mid-micro particle chain bombs that the Spiritual Race used more, jamming bombs, in-person arms, and other military equipment.

Most of these things were slightly larger and could not bring much with them. Xu Tui casually placed dozens of mid-micro particle chain bombs into his quantum dimensional chain and walked inside with An Xiaoxue.

There were Origin Crystals inside.

Origin Crystals were the most important military supplies, especially during battles. They were needed above the Evolution Realm. However, there were only ten boxes of Origin Crystals placed here. Each box weighed 10,000 grams.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue walked past. The Origin Crystal boxes had already disappeared.

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Space Chain was smaller. It only contained three boxes. Xu Tui stored the rest.

Next was some medicine. There were some Energy Potions that he had never seen before, as well as some pills unique to the Spiritual Race. They might be used to treat injuries. Xu Tui did not care if he recognized them. As he walked, these things disappeared.

Xu Tui put them all into the quantum dimensional chain. He even put in a few combat uniforms and weapons of the Spiritual Race along the way.

Overall, it was not of much value to Xu Tui.

In fact, this was very normal. Lei Tian definitely had a quantum dimensional chain. The true most valuable thing was definitely stored in his own quantum dimensional chain.

Xu Tui had even stored his Origin Crystals in the quantum dimensional chain, let alone precious things. He picked up some that he could.

At this moment, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector entered excitedly. However, he was disappointed after observing the surroundings. “Sigh, the things here are not bad, but there are not many that can be taken away on the spot.” Maguwa was helpless.

“That’s right. However, when we submit these reports after the battle, as the discoverers, the distribution ratio will definitely be larger. It will also be a good harvest,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s the only way.” Maguwa wanted to take something with him, but it was not convenient. Not everyone had a quantum dimensional chain.

An Xiaoxue used the same method to open the combat reserve warehouse. However, it was mainly filled with military supplies and supplies. There was nothing much to store.

After walking around, Xu Tui suddenly heard Ah Huang’s voice. “Xu Tui, I successfully invaded the emergency command center of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.”

“You did it? So fast?” Xu Tui had a surprised expression.

“In terms of technology, the Spiritual Race’s command center is only slightly stronger than the Mechanical Spirit Race’s. Moreover, the hardware is exactly the same as the Mechanical Spirit Race’s. I invaded and controlled dozens of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s command center. It’s too easy to do this now,” Ah Huang said.

“How’s the control? Can you control the facilities of the Forward Base?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

“Yes, but Lei Tian has higher authority! While I’m controlling the facilities through the control center, Lei Tian can use his ultimate authority to turn off the authority of the emergency command center. This process will take at most three to five seconds,” Ah Huang said.

He could do many things in three to five seconds, but it would not change much. He could discover Lei Tian’s location, but Lei Tian’s location was also constantly changing. Three to five seconds might not be enough for the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star to lock onto Lei Tian.

“Ah Huang, is there any way to stop Lei Tian from turning off the authority of the emergency command center?” Xu Tui asked.

“There are no normal methods.”

“What about abnormal methods?”

“Of course there is. For example, if the internal structure and route of this forward base are greatly damaged, the emergency command center will automatically take over the parts of the main command center that have lost control.” After saying that, Ah Huang added, “The main control center is on the top floor, and this emergency control center is on the lowest floor.

“According to the information from the emergency command center, the main line structure and energy transmission passed through these two locations.

“If these three tunnels were destroyed in an extremely short period of time, such as on the 20th floor, the buildings below the 20th floor would lose contact with the main control center and be taken over by the emergency command center.

“Under such circumstances, even if Lei Tian had the ultimate authority, he would not be able to take over. Unless he comes here and forcefully removes my existence, he can’t take over manually,” Ah Huang said.

“Understood.” However, Xu Tui did not give the order immediately. Instead, he asked through voice transmission, “How’s the replication of information going?”

“We’re already replicating all the data in the emergency command center. As the data is huge, the current progress is 3%. It will take time,” Ah Huang said.

“Ah Huang, is the data in the emergency command center of the forward operating base the same as the data in the main command center of the forward operating base?” Xu Tui asked.

It was not that Xu Tui was long-winded, but this question was very important. ‘I’ms was proDaDIY tne most precious and valuable tmng In tne spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

“In theory, it should be the same. The emergency command center is also a backup library. However, some temporary data is gone.”

“Understood. Intensify the replication of data. At the same time, turn off the full-frequency array of the quantum jammer in the forward operating base. The moment you turn it off, help me contact Principal Cai as quickly as possible and push the locations of the three tunnels that need to be blown up to him. Including the bomb plan and so on, there should be enough time, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“There’s enough time, but Xu Tui, why didn’t you send it to Raymont, Haren, and the others at the same time? I can do it, it should be faster for them to act at the same time,” Ah Huang said.

“No, it will only be slower.” Xu Tui shook his head. “Only Principal Cai trusts me unconditionally. When he receives the information, he will execute it immediately. As for the others, they will ask questions and consider this and that. It will only waste time.”

“I understand. I understand a little.”

“Send Lei Tian’s location and possible route to the others.”

“Alright, the execution will begin in three seconds,” Ah Huang said.

On the third basement floor, Lei Tian had just found Lei Qian and her son. Lei Tian had wanted to go over and destroy Xu Tui’s team immediately. However, on second thought, he was prepared to send Lei Qian and her son away first. As long as he sent them away, he would be completely free and could fight without restraint. Otherwise, he would be restrained.

Therefore, Lei Tian found Lei Qian and was prepared to send her directly to the quantum teleportation channel of Planet Peach. With Lei Tian opening the way, they would be able to send her away in less than a minute.

However, just as Lei Tian hugged Lei Qian and her son, the base suddenly lit up.

Originally, after the full-frequency array of the quantum jammer was activated, all the electronic devices in the base were paralyzed and dark. At this moment, it suddenly lit up.

Lei Tian’s pupils constricted. Lei Zhen’s expression also changed drastically. “No, Brother, they captured and controlled the command center. How could he be so fast? That shouldn’t be the case.

Lei Tian looked at his wristwatch and frowned. Everything was normal in the command center. How could this be?

“The emergency command center?” Suddenly, Lei Tian realized something. He immediately used his consciousness to control the command center on his wristwatch to confirm the status of the emergency command center.

In just two seconds, Lei Tian’s expression darkened.

“Xu Tui! It’s Xu Tui again. They actually killed their way to the emergency command center on the eighth level of the underground and invaded and controlled it.” As he cursed, Lei Tian used his ultimate authority to silence the emergency command center. Even the commander-in-chief needed some time to use his ultimate command rights.

Just as Lei Tian was verifying his ultimate rights, rumbles sounded continuously. A rumbling sound rang out, and the entire forward operating base swayed. The loud sound made Lei Tian’s son, Lei Ji, cry in fear. However, Lei Tian’s gaze changed. “Three-phase thermal bombs?”

“Why would the Blue Star humans use three-phase thermal bombs? With the sturdiness of our forward operating base, they won’t be able to completely destroy it without one to two hundred three-phase thermal bombs. Two or three is useless…” Just as he was feeling puzzled, Lei Tian’s expression changed drastically again. This was because an ear-piercing electronic alarm had already sounded in his ears.

“Warning: The energy tunnel below the 19th level on the ground is damaged, and the signal channel is damaged. It can’t be connected and controlled.

“The emergency command center has been automatically activated according to the emergency procedure. All the equipment below the 19th floor will be taken over by the emergency command center!

“Warning:…”

Lei Tian’s face turned pale. He already understood what was going on. Xu Tui had used this method to deprive him, the commander-in-chief, of the right to silence the emergency command center. Now, the control of the emergency command center was in Xu Tui’s hands. The consequences…

“Not good, leave quickly!” Lei Tian suddenly reacted.

As Xu Tui completely took over the emergency command center, he, Lei Zhen, and Lei Qian were all exposed to Xu Tui’s gaze.

Although the control of the main command center below the 19th level was interrupted, with the closure of the quantum jammer, the main command center could still monitor the movements of the entire forward base.

The main command center had already sent him the dynamics of the other teams on the Blue Star. These guys were rushing towards his location at lightning speed.

At their current unobstructed speed, they would probably be able to rush over in a minute.

Lei Tian became anxious. He picked up Lei Qian and her son and rushed forward. Lightning exploded and he instantly ran. At this moment, he had to send Lei Qian and her son away. Otherwise, if the Planetary realm experts from the Blue Star chased after them, Lei Qian and her son would definitely die!

In the emergency control center, Xu Tui looked at Lei Tian, who was running wildly with Lei Qian in his arms. He suddenly said, “Ah Huang, can you close the tunnel door and reduce his speed?”

Xu Tui was really afraid that Lei Tian and Lei Zhen would attack him.

“Sure!” As Ah Huang spoke, electronic doors suddenly closed and locked. Lightning exploded and instantly bounced back. Lei Tian’s figure fell. He was a little confused, but he immediately reacted.

As the commander-in-chief, he could fight for the right to control. However, the key was that he did not have time now. He could open the door again through his wristwatch-like command center communicator, but the time…

In the next moment, Lei Tian let out a sobbing roar. “Lei Zhen, help me clear the way! Target, basement three!”

“Okay!” Lei Zhen was stunned. He immediately understood Lei Tian’s instant intentions. As he roared, lightning exploded towards a wall. As a higher-up who was extremely familiar with the forward operating base, Lei Zhen knew very well that in some places, walls were thinner than doors.

Lightning flashed and blasted a huge hole in the wall. Lei Tian carried Lei Tian and quickly rushed over.

Lightning surged around Lei Zhen’s body. Wall after wall exploded as he quickly cleared a path.

Under such a forceful explosion, even though Lei Zhen was a Planetary realm powerhouse, he still expended a lot of energy. Not long after, he began to charge while quickly replenishing his energy with Origin Crystals.

Just like that, Lei Tian carried Lei Qian and rushed down layer by layer.

In the emergency command center, Xu Tui frowned. He could not understand. @@novelbin@@

What was Lei Tian trying to do?