Chapter 1224 - 1224: Breaking Through And Changing The Situation (4)

Chapter 1224: Breaking Through and Changing the Situation (4)

Raymont’s mobile team also entered the base as an independent team to search.

Soon, the five teams entered the forward operating base building from five directions. Erera, on the other hand, had a red glow around her body. She walked in alone, but she was probably in the middle of the various teams for support.

Xu Tui was still the weakest in terms of strength.

Yin Ba and Yin Liu were the weakest Planetary realms. Maguwa from the Africa

Sector was also very ordinary. It was also because of this that Xu Tui brought Lavis along. Although Lavis was a quasi-planet, he was the kind with thicker skin.

“I’ll go too,” An Xiaoxue suddenly said.

“One more person and one more power. The quantum full-frequency jammer is not completely blocked. In theory, each of us is a high-powered signal device. As long as our mind power is strong enough, we can still sense it,” An Xiaoxue said.

“I’ll go in too. I’m quite familiar with the structure of the buildings here,” Yanzi said.

“I’ll go with you. Some of the detection abilities of the School of General Senses are less subject to full-frequency jammers,” Bu Qingqiu said.

“Alright.”

In the end, other than Yin Wushu, Yin Liulong, and Yin Sanping, everyone else entered.

Xu Tui frowned the moment he entered. The technology iteration of the Spiritual Race’s quantum full-frequency jammer should be higher. It would greatly suppress his mental perception.

Without any suppression, Xu Tui’s current mental perception could easily reach more than five kilometers. However, after entering the forward operating base, Xu Tui could only extend his mental perception a hundred meters under the interference of the quantum full-frequency jammer here.

This not only meant that his mental perception had been suppressed, but Xu

“This base has been built with a quantum jammer array for the privacy of all the Spiritual Race members like me. It can be activated alone and all of them. At this moment, hundreds of quantum full-frequency jammers in different locations should have all been activated,” Yanzi said.

Bu Qingqiu frowned and flicked out a few drops of water. In an instant, they condensed into a thin layer of mist around everyone. It was a warning. It was better than nothing.

“Be alert and be prepared to save your lives!” Xu Tui shouted.

“Commander, which direction should we explore?” In the base, the passageways extended in all directions. Yin Liu, who was at the front, asked carefully.

Although he was a Planetary realm powerhouse in the past, as a vassal race, the number of times he entered this forward operating base could be counted on one hand. Moreover, even if he came in, it was only in a limited area. He did not understand it at all.

Xu Tui looked at Yanzi when he heard that.

Yanzi knew this forward operating base very well.

When Xu Tui looked over, Yanzi’s gaze shifted. She suddenly asked, “Commander, does that depend on your target?”

“My target?”

“That’s right. Do you want to find Lei Tian and annihilate him, or do you…?” Yanzi had a hidden meaning.

“Find Lei Tian and annihilate him?” Xu Tui laughed when he heard that. “Are you afraid that no one in my team will sacrifice themselves? If our team encounters Lei Tian and Lei Zhen, the possibility of someone being instantly killed is too high.”

Xu Tui was not exaggerating at all. Everyone in his team had the possibility of being instantly killed by Lei Tian’s attack. He had to avoid it if he could.

“Then do you want to find a safe place to stay for a while, or do you want to find some benefits? After all, Lei Tian has been running this base for hundreds of years. ”

“Safety. Of course, it would be best if we can gain something. However, we shouldn’t touch ordinary warehouses. After all, the military orders are there…”

While they were talking, Ah Huang’s voice suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. In the next moment, Xu Tui said to Yanzi, “Yanzi, does the super quantum computer in the command center of this base have an emergency center? Or the interface of other individual super quantum computers?” @@novelbin@@

“There are a few of them, but the individual interfaces don’t have high rights.

There’s an emergency center, but it’s in the deepest part of the underground. Moreover, I can’t enter the door,” Yanzi said.

“Leave the door to me. Lead the way!”

“Alright, Commander.”

“By the way, Yanzi, is there anything particularly important in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base?” Xu Tui asked as he walked.

“A particularly important place?” Hearing this, Yanzi shook her head. “I’m not sure about that. Lei Tian has actually been guarding against me. He will definitely not tell me about such a place. However, if there is, it must be in the three deepest levels of the base.”

“Why?”

“Only Lei Tian can enter the three floors underground of this base. No one else can enter. None of us know what’s inside,” Yanzi said.

“What about the base’s super quantum computer emergency center?” Xu Tui asked.

“The fourth last level underground.”

“Let’s go! Be careful and try your best to avoid places where Lei Tian might appear.”

Then, under Yanzi’s guidance, Xu Tui and the others walked through the building of the forward operating base as if there was no one around. They continuously passed through doors.

Lei Tian turned on the quantum full-frequency jammer in the entire forward operating base and obtained the geographical advantage. However, at the same time, it was also convenient for Xu Tui.

Due to the activation of the quantum full-frequency jammer, the electronic access here had all become ineffective. There was no need to crack it. Therefore, it was as if he had entered an uninhabited area.

However, pushing open these heavy doors was also a physical job.

Coincidentally, Lei Tian was also annoyed by this matter. The activation of the quantum full-frequency jammer bought a large amount of time, forcing the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star to carefully enter and explore.

However, at the same time, Lei Qian, who was carrying the child, could have reached the underground quantum teleportation channel in three minutes to replenish her energy and leave.

However, the activation of the quantum full-frequency jammer had caused more than 90% of the electronic access to fail. The elevator had also failed. Lei Qian carried the child and could only run all the way there.

If not for the help of the auxiliary robots, Lei Qian would not have been able to open some of the doors.

The time it took for Lei Qian to evacuate had greatly increased. It might take seven to eight minutes or even a little longer.

However, Lei Tian also realized the opportunity in front of him.

This might be his chance to turn the tables!

Thirty seconds later, the moment Haren from the American Sector led the team into the next level, lightning poured in without warning. Among the dazzling lightning, one of the lightning bolts was extremely glaring.

In an instant, one of the Planetary realm powerhouses was charred.

“It’s Lei Tian! Chase, we can’t let him escape!” Haren roared, but his roar immediately turned into a cry of surprise. “Be careful, it’s a mid-micro particle chain bomb…’

He retreated as quickly as he could.

The barrage of bullets instantly blocked the way.

Haren was a lightning-type supernatural being. He chased after them extremely quickly and retreated extremely quickly. However, the other Planetary realm powerhouse, Augusto, was in a slightly miserable state.

Even though Augusto was an earth-element supernatural being and was extremely good at defense, under the vibrations of the bullets, the earth-yellow light around his body broke and broke again. He spat out three mouthfuls of blood.

If it were any other Planetary realm, they would not have vomited blood. Even if he did not die on the spot, he would probably be severely injured. This was because the terrain and time were limited. Lei Tian had only used three to four mid-particle bullets.

In another flash, Haren rushed forward to protect Augusto. His expression was dark as he watched Augusto treat him.

At the level of a Planetary realm powerhouse, they more or less had a way to treat their injuries.

Lei Tian’s tactic was too sinister and shameless. He did not have the bearing of a top Planetary realm powerhouse at all. But then again, everyone was about to die. Why was there a need to talk about bearing?

What made Haren even angrier was that his team had a total of four Planetary realm powerhouses, three from the American Sector, and one Augusto. At this moment, the two Planetary realm powerhouses from the American Sector had all died in battle. One was taken away by Lei Tian’s indiscriminate attacks in outer space. Now, another one had been tricked by Lei Tian.

They had suffered a huge loss!

For example, the European Sector, the Huaxia Sector, and the Huaya Sector had not suffered a single loss.

It was really… unbalanced!

One of the fundamental reasons why the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization could coexist peacefully in the extra-terrestrial was—Balance!

At the same time, Lei Tian, who had succeeded in his attack, also sneered sinisterly.

The situation had changed. When Lei Qian and her son left, he would no longer have any scruples.. He would have fun! Otherwise, these guys from the Blue Star would think that Lei Tian was a vegetarian!