Chapter 1223 - 1223: Breaking Through And Changing The Situation (3)

Chapter 1223: Breaking Through and Changing the Situation (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He was too f*cking unlucky.

This was especially so when Lei Zhen returned to Lei Tian’s side. With Lei Zhen’s cooperation, even though Haren was not afraid of death, he was still injured.

On the other side, Xu Tui also froze.

Black Hole was Haren? That was impossible, right?

However, Itavi was the most shocked. After the shock, Itavi wanted to hug Lei Tian and kiss him.

Lei Tian’s roar just now was even closer to him than his biological father. In the future, if anyone dared to say that he, Itavi, was a Black Hole, he would have a cannonball to shoot at them even if he produced evidence.

At that moment, Itavi wanted to laugh.

However, in the next moment, Itavi could not smile anymore. @@novelbin@@

“Do you think that Black Hole is the same person? Actually, Black Hole is two people, two fellows in cahoots! Haren and Itavi were collectively called Black Hole. Are the two of you going to cooperate with me to turn the tables? Or do you want me to take out ironclad evidence and completely ruin your reputation?” Lei Tian roared again.

Lei Tian did not let go of any opportunity to plant a hidden danger in the Blue Star.

Haren froze. Itavi was stunned, but a cold look instantly appeared on his face. Damn it, fortunately, he had Haren as a scapegoat. Otherwise, Itavi did not know if he could withstand it. But now, Itavi knew very well.

Lei Tian first claimed that Haren was Black Hole. What did this mean? This meant that even Lei Tian himself did not know that he, Itavi, was Black Hole.

Now, Lei Tian was just trying to buy time to bite.

Evidence? It would be strange if there was solid evidence! As a true Black Hole, Itavi was instantly not afraid. The greatest hidden danger of his identity was gone! In the next moment, Itavi also cursed at Lei Tian for framing him like Haren. Then, he rushed over to fight Lei Tian to the death in an extremely brave manner.

Lei Tian felt a little helpless. From start to finish, he had only bought Lei Qian and her son 40 seconds. These guys from the Blue Star were too shrewd. They did not fall for a single trick. There was not enough time.

“Brother, there’s still a chance if we retreat now,” Lei Zhen said as he looked at the sky and then at Lei Tian.

In the distance, Erera and Cai Shaochu also chased after them. If the battle continued, no matter how strong Lei Tian and Lei Zhen were, they would not be able to escape the order to be surrounded and annihilated.

Two Planetary realm experts would definitely die if they were surrounded by more than 15 Planetary realm experts.

“Your nephew still needs some time.”

At the mention of his nephew, Lei Zhen, a rare smile appeared on his face. The bloodline of the experts of the Thunder Division was too difficult. He had even hugged Lei Ji a few days ago.

“Tell me how to fight!” Lei Zhen shouted.

“Since they want to fight, we’ll play rough with them! Let’s go, retreat into the base and see if they dare to rush in.”

In the next moment, Lei Tian and Lei Zhen flashed at the same time, turned into lightning, and retreated into the forward operating base.

“Quantum full-frequency jammer, activate!” Lei Tian’s voice sounded at the same time.

The moment Lei Tian’s voice sounded, the auras of Lei Tian and Lei Tian disappeared under the various senses of all the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star.

Before this, although this forward operating base had the function of blocking all kinds of senses, Planetary realm powerhouses could still roughly sense the internal structure of the forward operating base as long as they got close.

But now, in everyone’s mental perception, the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base that had been operating for countless years had become a black building without any information.

In this black building, the two extremely fast Planetary realm powerhouses, Lei Tian and Lei Zhen, were like ferocious tigers hiding in the unknown darkness. They would devour anyone at any time.

At this moment, Haren and Itavi, who were originally fighting Lei Tian to the death, instantly stopped outside the forward operating base and did not dare to chase after him. If he chased after them without any information, the probability of him being killed if he was attacked by Lei Tian and Lei Zhen was too high.

Even Haren and Itavi were afraid.

Not to mention, would Lei Tian and the others have other methods to operate the base for so long?

Thirty seconds later, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star gathered at the forward operating base, but no one chased after them.

Erera wanted to charge in, but she was stopped by Cai Shaochu and Augusto. “Why don’t we wash it with a three-phase thermal bomb?” Xu Tui, who had arrived, suggested.

“Wouldn’t that be a waste of effort? The essence of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base is probably in this base!” Ruan Tianzuo glanced at Xu Tui angrily. “Besides, the three-phase thermal bomb can only destroy a portion of the buildings in this base at most. It’s impossible to destroy Lei Tian and Lei Zhen.’

In an extremely short period of time, the commander-in-chief of the Blue Star, Raymont, had an exchange of views with the higher-ups of the various sectors.

“Lei Tian must die! At the very least, we have to chase him out of the solar system!” Raymont said. This was the consensus of one organization and seven sectors of the Blue Star.

Otherwise, if an extremely fast top-notch Planetary realm powerhouse like Lei Tian wandered outside, who would dare to develop the solar system in peace?

If Lei Tian had nothing to worry about and started a guerrilla war with the Blue

Star. He would change locations after killing someone. Then, with so many Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star, they would probably not be enough for Lei Tian to launch a sneak attack.

This tactic could be used by the Blue Star when they were dealing with the Spiritual Race’s invasion.

“Use the previous teams as a unit, with the Planetary realm as the main force, to enter the base and surround Lei Tian! The various teams will support each other.” Raymont gave the order..