Chapter 1228 - 1228: Surrounded

Chapter 1228: Surrounded

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the emergency command center, because of Ah Huang’s takeover, the scene of Lei Tian shaking the road and Lei Tian running wildly with Lei Qian in his arms appeared in everyone’s eyes.

“Lei Qian gave birth. What Lei Qian is carrying should be Lei Tian’s child.”

Yanzi’s words suddenly reminded Xu Tui. Xu Tui instantly reacted.

Lei Tian was escaping! If Lei Tian wanted to escape, he had to stop him. Once Lei Tian escaped from this forward operating base today, it would be difficult to kill him again. If he did not deal with an expert like Lei Tian who was good at speed, he would be a knife hanging above the lips of the Blue Star.

He was equivalent to more than a dozen Planetary realm powerhouses.

Xu Tui knew that Lei Tian had to be stopped, but he would definitely not stop him himself. With his current small body, he would be tempting fate if he forcefully stopped Lei Tian.

That included the Planetary realm powerhouses in his team. If Yin Liu and Yin Ba went, they would also be instantly killed. The Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector, Maguwa, might be slightly stronger than Yin Liu and Yin Ba, but he would not be much better.

In an instant, Xu Tui made a very cowardly and correct decision. He directly reported the key information of Lei Tian’s escape to Commander Raymont and the captains of the other battle teams.

That included Haren, Itavi, and Cai Shaochu. In an instant, the communication channel that Ah Huang had pulled up at the last minute exploded.

“Stop him! Xu Tui, think of a way to hold him back. Lei Tian must not be allowed to escape! Twenty seconds. I’ll be able to chase after him in 20 seconds at most.” Raymont roared.

“I can catch up to Lei Tian in 16 seconds!”

“I need 20 seconds,” Haren and Itavi said at the same time. Their understanding of wanting to kill Lei Tian was very consistent.

If Lei Tian did not die, any family might be in deep trouble. Xu Tui did not refuse. “Ah Huang, can you stop Lei Tian again?” “Sure, but it might cause some damage to the base,” Ah Huang said.

“No problem. As long as it doesn’t interrupt your copying of the information from the forward operating base, it’s fine.”

In the next moment, automatic defense arms from the forward operating base immediately appeared along the path of Lei Zhen and Lei Tian and entered attack mode. Under normal circumstances, the automatic arms of these forward operating bases could not hurt Lei Tian.

As long as Lei Tian spent some time connecting the data, these weapons would not attack him. However, what Lei Tian lacked the most now was time. What was even more wretched was that Ah Huang had targeted the automatic arms in the forward operating base to the child in Lei Qian’s arms.

With Lei Tian around, this child would not be harmed.

However, without a doubt, Lei Tian’s speed had slowed down.

“Xu Tui, you’re shameless!” Lei Tian, who was protecting Lei Qian and the child in the tunnel with all his might, cursed loudly.

Lei Tian had never wanted to kill someone so badly. At this moment, he wanted to shatter Xu Tui’s corpse. Every second was extremely precious!

The conditions of passage between the two sides were also completely different.

On Lei Tian’s side, the electronic doors and restrictions were all locked. Lei Tian and Lei Zhen could only violently destroy the walls and continuously pass through. It was time-consuming and laborious. In the middle, they had to be attacked by automatic defense arms, so Lei Tian had to be distracted to protect the child.

What about the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star?

With the cooperation of the emergency command center controlled by Ah Huang, all the gates were opened. They chased after Lei Tian without any obstruction.

Ah Huang even gave the best direction. Their pursuit speed could be said to be extremely fast.

Thirteen seconds later, when Lei Tian and Lei Zhen reached the tenth floor of the underground with extreme difficulty, which was the last three floors, the fastest person on the Blue Star, Haren, caught up to Lei Tian.

“I’ve caught uD to Lei Tian. Hurrv uD!” As Haren roared. he directlv attacked Lei Tian. However, Haren did not dare to face Lei Tian and Lei Zhen head-on. He could only transform into an extremely fast bolt of lightning and fight Lei Tian. @@novelbin@@

Lei Tian’s expression had already become extremely ugly. “Help me block it.”

In the next moment, the lightning formed by Lei Zhen blasted onto Haren’s lightning. The two bolts of lightning met head-on. The lightning split apart, and Haren and Lei Zhen vomited blood at the same time.

Green light flashed from behind. It was the commander-in-chief of this battle, Raymont.

In the tunnel, Lei Tian used his identity to open the door to the tenth level of the tunnel. He threw Lei Qian and the child into the door and used his strength to forcefully close the door.

This was an independent security door that was not controlled by the emergency command center. It had an independent control system. It was another safety lock that Lei Tian had imposed on his retreat.

“Sir!” Lei Qian, who had been pushed in, screamed and roared. She had been very quiet previously because she was with Lei Tian. At this moment, she suddenly had a bad feeling.

“Leave quickly. I’ll look for you after I escape.” With a roar, Lei Tian closed the safety door. He turned around and looked at Haren and Raymont, who were chasing after him. At the same time, he silently sent a voice transmission to Lei Zhen’s consciousness.

“Lei Qian and her son will be able to leave in a minute and a half at most. Hold on for a minute and a half. We’ll break out of the siege!” Lei Tian said.

Lei Zhen nodded quietly, but his expression became more and more serious.

There were more and more Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star.

A few seconds later, with Erera’s arrival, the battle instantly reached its climax. Haren, Itavi, Raymont, Erera, Cai Shaochu, Ruan Tianzuo, Augusto, Anlevich, and more than ten other Planetary realm powerhouses surrounded Lei Tian and Lei Zhen.

Even the ferocious Lei Tian and Lei Zhen instantly became very strenuous. The narrow space, complexity, and environment were their huge advantages in the previous battle. However, being surrounded at this moment had become their disadvantage.

As soon as the battle began, Lei Zhen was blasted until he vomited blood. Lei Tian was also injured repeatedly.

At the same time, in the emergency command center, Xu Tui, who had completely watched Lei Tian send Lei Qian and her son away, frowned and said, “Is there a secret evacuation channel for Lei Tian in the last three levels of the underground?”

“It might be more than that!” Bu Qingqiu said, “According to what Yanzi said previously, only Lei Tian’s verification can enter the last three levels of the underground. Perhaps the truly important things of Lei Tian and the forward operating base are all in the third level of the underground.”

“Let’s go!” An Xiaoxue turned around and led the way out of the emergency command center. Xu Tui became anxious and quickly followed her with his men.

“Xiaoxue, don’t be anxious. You have to be careful of Lei Tian’s counterattack before he dies,” Xu Tui said as he chased. At this moment, Xu Tui was very cowardly.

“Lei Tian has already been surrounded. We might have an unexpected gain if we charge into the third level from another direction.” An Xiaoxue, who had rushed over, had already begun to use her Dimensional Slash to cut open another door that led to the last three levels of the underground..