Chapter 1222 - 1222: Breaking Through And Changing The Situation (2)

Chapter 1222: Breaking Through and Changing the Situation (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It also included the Mechanical Spirit Alloy Production Line that the Blue Star humans could only obtain by hunting the Mechanical Spirit Race for so many years. More importantly, according to the projection information, Lei Tian had unlocked all these warehouses and all the production line automation factories in one go.

The factory and the fully automated production line even gave him the initial key.

This meant that the first person to rush over would have the factory or fully automatic Droduction line. It was the same for the warehouse. Whoever

snatched it would own it! In an instant, a group of Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses stared at these projections.

There were also production lines in the projected warehouses. Some of them had extremely strategic value, such as the lifeline of producing Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

Some of them were of average value.

Xu Tui, who was charging toward Planet Kono, was stunned. Was Lei Tian using the Gold Sprinkling Technique?

It had to be said that this method was very effective. In just a few seconds, the Planetary realm powerhouses surrounding him were a little distracted. Lei Tian made Huang Gu and Itavi vomit blood at the same time.

Actually, not to mention others, even Xu Tui was quickly examining the warehouse and production line information on the huge screen projected by Lei Tian.

Computers were faster than the naked eye. Xu Tui immediately got Ah Huang to take over the analysis. He was prepared to choose a few of the most valuable warehouses and production lines to fight for.

Xu Tui would be a fool not to snatch such benefits if everyone fought for them. However, so far, all the Blue Star participants were still observing. Or rather, they were waiting for a signal.

Someone had to take the lead in the fight.

Xu Tui, who had already analyzed the specific value information, only led his subordinates toward the forward operating base. He did not snatch it for the time being. After all, those who could participate in the battle today were all intelligent.

As expected, less than ten seconds after Lei Tian used the Gold Sprinkling Technique, Commander-in-chief Raymont’s voice sounded.

“All the spoils of war will be distributed according to military contributions and contributions after the battle. Those who dare to snatch them will be killed on the spot. At this moment, our top priority is to eliminate the remaining members of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.” As soon as Commander-in-chief Raymont roared, the Blue Star experts who had just wavered instantly focused on the battlefield.

I’m afraid that you’ll be reaping the spoils of war while I’m fighting a bloody battle.

With Raymont’s actions, Lei Tian’s Gold Sprinkling Technique failed.

In the sky, one of the two bolts of lightning exploded into Planet Kono and rushed towards Lei Tian’s side. The other exploded into the sky and instantly disappeared into space. No one could catch up.

The one who rushed to Lei Tian’s side was the remaining Planetary realm expert of the Spiritual Race, Lei Zhen. The one who escaped from the sky was Lei Gen.

Lei Gen was a quasi-planet. Even if he rushed in front of Lei Tian now, he would be tempting fate. He might as well leave early.

With the speed of the Thunder Division, no one could stop them. In just an instant, the situation Lei Tian faced became difficult again. However, at this moment, Lei Tian was also full of schemes.

“Black Hole, if you don’t help me now, when are you going to?” Lei Tian roared.

As soon as this roar was heard, the Planetary realm powerhouses who were attacking Lei Tian looked around vigilantly.

Everyone knew that Black Hole, the high-level traitor of the Blue Star, was most likely a Planetary realm powerhouse on the Blue Star. This was already a consensus.

However, no one knew who it was.

At this moment, Lei Tian’s roar made the participants afraid. They were afraid that the Planetary realm powerhouse beside him would suddenly change sides and give him a hard time.

That would be fatal.

If Lei Tian cooperated, he might even take their lives. This way, everyone on the Blue Star would be on guard, and the efficiency of their attacks would be

greatly reduced.

Lei Tian was trying his best to buy time for Lei Qian and her son.

“Would Black Hole dare to attack under such circumstances? Lei Tian, stop dreaming.” Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded and broke Lei Tian’s move. @@novelbin@@

The Planetary realm powerhouses who were originally wary of each other immediately gave up on guarding against their own people. Just as Cai Shaochu had said, unless Black Hole was stupid, he would not expose himself at this moment.

Under normal circumstances, the person who wanted Lei Tian to die the most was Black Hole.

This was because as long as Lei Tian died, no one would know who Black Hole was!

Lei Tian was not angry that another move was broken. Although this move was broken, he bought a few more seconds. He even bought himself a chance to injure a Planetary realm expert from the Blue Star.

“Haren, did you have to force me to expose your identity as Black Hole? Come and fight alongside me quickly. The Blue Star can’t tolerate a traitor like you, Black Hole.” Lei Tian roared again!

Haren was stunned by this roar! What??? Lei Tian said that he was Black Hole? Could he be any more shameless? Was he being framed on the spot?

At this moment, Haren wanted to vomit blood! As the saying went, a thief’s bite would penetrate wood. This was roughly how Haren felt now.

What should he do? Could it be that he had to show Lei Tian evidence on the battlefield to prove that he was not Black Hole?

Lei Tian would not give him this chance!

“Lei Tian, don’t make me look down on you. After all, you’re the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base. Even if you lose, you have to have the aura of a loser, not throw a tantrum like a shrew. It’s useless for you to sow discord!” Haren only said this before he instantly turned into a bolt of lightning and charged towards Lei Tian in the most ferocious manner. He engaged in close combat and fought to the death.

Only such a posture could reduce the influence of this thief’s bite..