Chapter 1230 - 1230: Trading And Lei Tian’S Suggestion

Chapter 1230: Trading and Lei Tian’s Suggestion

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The tunnel between the last three levels of the underground and the last two levels was extremely transparent. Whether it was Xu Tui’s mind power, Lei

Tian’s mind power, or Haren and Itavi’s mind power, which was biting behind Lei Tian, they instantly covered the tunnel.

Naturally, everyone whose mind power covered this place knew the situation in the tunnel like the back of their hands.

Lei Tian carried Lei Zhen like a crazy tiger.

Lei Zhen was seriously injured and had almost lost his combat strength.

On Xu Tui’s side, Yin Liu, Yin Ba, and the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector, Maguwa, were at the front. Xu Tui, Yanzi, and Lavis were behind them. They were defending with all their might. The God Slaying Sword circled above Xu Tui’s head.

Behind him, Haren turned into a bolt of lightning and took the lead. He bit down on Lei Tian’s back, followed by Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo. Behind them were Erera and Raymont, followed by Cai Shaochu, Augusto, and the others.

“As expected, you’re really shameless.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s gaze became helpless and cold.

Just as he and An Xiaoxue had expected, when they realized that Xu Tui and the members of the Worldly Special Force were at the end of the tunnel, Haren’s flying speed suddenly slowed down.

It was not just Haren. The speed of Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo, who had transformed into red and golden wings behind him. instantlv slowed down.

This was especially so for Itavi. While he slowed down, he even turned his body slightly. This turn of events was not a big problem, but it stopped Erera, who was chasing after them from behind.

Of course, it only slowed Erera down by a fraction of a second. However, a fraction of a second could determine Xu Tui’s life.

Despite this, the wind-type supernatural being, the commander-in-chief of the Blue Star, Raymont, was also very fast.

At the same time, something that made Xu Tui’s heart turn cold happened. The commander-in-chief of the Blue Star, Raymont, also changed directions and reduced his speed without any warning.

This change could not be seen with the naked eye, but Xu Tui could sense it with his mental perception.

Haren, Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others wanted Xu Tui to die. Xu Tui knew this very well.

However, the commander-in-chief of the Blue Star, Raymont, did not have any deep hatred for Xu Tui. It could even be said that there was no conflict between them. Why would he take the initiative to change directions and slow down at such a critical moment to trick Xu Tui?

It had to be known that if there was no way out of the tunnel ahead, as long as someone blocked Lei Tian, Lei Tian would fall into a bitter battle again.

However, other than Erera, who was deliberately blocked, the other five people at the front took the initiative to slow down and create an opportunity for Lei Tian to kill Xu Tui.

That shouldn’t be the case!

Xu Tui did not know each other. He did not have the time to think too much about it. He could only remember this.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s mental voice transmission had already entered Lei Tian’s mind. “Lei Tian, retreat. If you want your wife and child to live well!”

In an instant, Lei Tian, who was charging forward like a crazy tiger, was stunned for a moment. His speed could not help but slow down.

Lei Tian’s slowdown made Haren, Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and Raymont, who were chasing after him, feel awkward. Initially, they thought that Lei Tian would be able to charge into Xu Tui’s team and start a massacre after they went easy on him.

But now, Lei Tian was too slow.

What was going on? This flash of lightning was too testing.

Haren’s reaction was also extremely fast. His speed slowed down again, but he roared, “Lei Tian, take another move from me if you have the guts.” Blinding lightning surged around Haren’s body. This was telling the others that he was holding back his ultimate move, so his speed was slow.

Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo followed suit.

“Lei Tian, die!”

“Lei Tian, you can’t escape!”

The first three people had used this move. Raymont, the commander-in-chief of the Blue Star, felt that his intentions were too clear if he used this move again. However, he still roared. “You want to escape? No way!”

As Raymont roared, green light whistled. In an instant, the entrance of the quantum teleportation tunnel behind Xu Tui was covered in a thick layer of green light. This meant that he wanted to stop Lei Tian from escaping through the quantum teleportation channel.

Xu Tui could not help but exclaim in his heart when he saw this scene. Perfect! The performance of these four people was simply perfect.

This perfect performance gave Lei Tian half a second. Under normal circumstances, Lei Tian would be able to start a massacre in half a second. He would be able to kill many people on Xu Tui’s side if he got close.

However, Erera also took the opportunity to rush over. Although she was a little slow, she would soon catch up to Lei Tian.

Lei Tian’s feelings were extremely complicated. There was pain and conflict.

Lei Tian had thought that Xu Tui was tricking him. However, Xu Tui’s team was missing two quasi-planetary realm women.

Lei Tian knew this very well with a sweep of his mind power. He knew very well how many people each of the five teams had entered the forward operating base. Judging from this, Lei Tian felt that what Xu Tui said was true.

At this moment, Lei Tian was extremely conflicted about what to choose! Should he disregard the life and death of his wife and children and charge into this temporary quantum teleportation channel to try his luck? Or should he take a gamble and accept Xu Tui’s threat for the safety of his wife and children?

Unfortunately, no matter what he chose, he was not sure. He might not be able to escape if he rushed into the quantum teleportation channel without caring about the life and death of his wife and children.

Teleportation required time.

During the teleportation time, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star would definitely be able to rush forward and destroy this quantum teleportation channel without regard for anything else.

The consequence was that he, Lei Tian, would be silently annihilated by the fluctuations of the collapsed quantum teleportation channel. @@novelbin@@

The probability of completing the teleportation alive was not even 1%. With this probability, he might as well charge in the opposite direction and rush out of the forward operating base.

What if he took a gamble for the safety of his wife and child and accepted Xu Tui’s threat? Would his wife and child survive?

This was even more unpredictable.

Lei Qian did not have a strong cultivation level. She was only at the Genetic Transmutation Realm, but his son…

The future…

Making a choice was too difficult! However, Lei Tian only had that moment to make a decision. There was not even a moment.

Lei Tian instantly turned around. Lightning flashed towards Erera, Haren, Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others who were rushing over. He instantly fought them.

Seeing the lightning turn around, Haren, Itavi, and the others were actually a little confused. They did not understand why Lei Tian would suddenly return.

Based on how much Lei Tian hated Xu Tui previously, he should have killed Xu Tui at all costs.

However, he did not do it!

Instead, he fought them.

No matter how shameless Haren, Itavi, Raymont, and the others were, they did not dare to go easy on them at this moment. If they went easy on them, it would be equivalent to betraying the Blue Star.

They could only fight Lei Tian with all his might.

However, the tunnel was a little narrow. Even though there were more than a

dozen Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star surrounding them, they could not all participate in the battle, much less use a large-scale supernatural being ability. The combat area was too small, so they were afraid of hurting their own people.

On the other hand, Lei Tian attacked without any hesitation. The more he fought, the braver he became. He continuously caused damage to the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. He had avoided this calamity. Fortunately, An Xiaoxue was decisive. Otherwise, they would have been wiped out by Lei Tian.

At this moment, Xu Tui finally had the time to observe the battle.

Lei Tian’s strength was incomparable. Even Erera was injured. It was not light either. There was a huge charred hole in her chest and abdomen. The other areas were charred black.

Overall, Lei Tian was slightly stronger than Erera. More importantly, Lei Tian was extremely fast. Currently, the complicated environment inside the forward operating base was more suitable for Lei Tian to fight. On the other hand, Erera’s ability was more suitable for fighting in the vast space.

Although was very fierce, it was obvious that he was a cornered beast. Unless Lei Tian had other trump cards.

At the same time, Lei Tian’s voice suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Tell me, how can I give my wife and child a way out?” Lei Tian’s voice transmission was filled with helplessness.

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes and looked at Lei Tian, who was fighting a bloody battle. He replied, “That will depend on your sincerity.”

“Sincerity?” Hearing this word, Lei Tian sighed to himself. All transactions could only be reached fair if both sides were on the same level. In the current situation, regardless of whether he escaped or died in battle, this deal would become a one-sided deal.

Lei Tian believed that all his sincerity would become like a meat bun beating a dog.

Lei Tian was not stupid! He was actually very shrewd. However, he desperately wanted his wife and child to live and create a chance for them to live. “You have a device with super-strong computing ability that is not inferior to the supercomputer in our command center, right?”

“That’s right.”

“Your device should be replicating all the data in my command center, right?” Lei Tian asked again.

“Of course, the most valuable thing is definitely this data! All the operations and pioneering actions of your forward operating base over the years can be found in this data and analyzed, ” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Then will your Blue Star or yourself store the most important information and data in the supercomputer?” Lei Tian asked.

“This… Depending on the situation, a small portion of the top-notch information will only be memorized in my brain. It won’t…” Xu Tui suddenly stopped before he could finish his sentence. He somewhat understood what Lei Tian meant. “Are you saying that the truly important information is only in your brain’s memory?” Xu Tui asked.

“No, to be precise, it should be in my and Lei Qian’s memories. Not only is Lei Qian my wife, but she is also my first adjutant and second-in-command. All the matters were handled by her.”

Xu Tui already understood what Lei Tian wanted to say when he heard what he said.

“Don’t try to hypnotize or interrogate Lei Qian. As my adjutant, Wexian has received the top anti-hypnosis and anti-interrogation training of the

Sanctuary Elder before she set off. She has even received the Spiritual Shackles. If she was hit by a violent mental impact, she would immediately fall into a self-sealing state. You should understand what I mean, right?” Lei Tian said.

“You mean, you want me to talk to Lei Qian and negotiate with her to trade for this information?” Xu Tui asked.

“That’s right! I’m afraid I don’t have time to talk to you! However, I suggest that you talk to Lei Qian with sincerity. This woman is very, very smart.” “Yes, I will,” Xu Tui replied.

“Also, you’d better get your people to destroy this quantum teleportation channel. It did not matter if I died or escaped later, if this quantum teleportation channel was still there, the most important information from

Planet Peach and Lei Qian would no longer belong to you. It will belong to the Blue Star collectively.

“I know the Blue Star better! Believe me, there are a few pieces of information that Lei Qian has that are very important to you.”

“Planet Peach?” Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. Lei Tian’s suggestion sounded very suitable for the current situation.

After saying that, Lei Tian ignored Xu Tui. This was the best he could do to help Lei Qian. And Lei Qian was a smart woman.. She should know what to do! Next, he should cause some trouble for the Blue Star! Whether he lived or died today, he could not let the Blue Star take away the forward operating base so easily!