Chapter 1236 - 1236: Unique Feature

Chapter 1236: Unique Feature

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Ah Huang, check on Tam, Stebo, and Maguwa for me. I want detailed information on them.”

“Roger that.”

Xu Tui rejected him firmly. Even though the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector, Maguwa, had repeatedly emphasized that the two of them only agreed with Xu Tui’s command level and charm because they had followed him into the battle this time.

That was why they wanted to join the Worldly Pioneer Raiders and seek development.

However, Xu Tui still had some thoughts. The various sectors might send people to him. Of course, their goal should be the same. It was for the quantum array core.

Yet, Xu Tui did not expect that the first person to come over was from the Africa Sector. He was a little surprised. That was why he gave the order for Ah Huang to investigate.

However, no matter what the outcome was, Xu Tui had already made a decision. He would not let anyone join the pioneer raiders if they were not from the Huaxia Sector.

On the 2nd of September, 2039 of the Blue Star Calendar, Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders only sent a message to Cai Shaochu after they replenished some of their living supplies. He informed Raymont. Then Yin Liu and Yin Ba then fused into a battleship and took to the air. Not long after, they ran out of space.

As a teammate, Maguwa sent Xu Tui off. However, Tam, who was behind him, had an extremely complicated gaze.

Two days later, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, who was still on Mars, spoke to a mysterious frequency.

“He rejected it? That shouldn’t be the case, right? According to our analysis, Xu Tui lacks manpower the most when he jumps out to do it alone. As for the quasi-planetary realm of the alliance, it’s a very good recruitment target. Why would he refuse?” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, was very surprised by the failure of this plan. “Did you not perform well in the Sun Storm Plan? If I give you a chance to perform, will you be able to attract Xu Tui?” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, frowned.

“I don’t think so. Xu Tui instinctively refused when he heard this news. It was the kind of refusal that he did not think about. He did even consider it at all. This means that it’s not that my performance or value is not enough. It’s just that he instinctively rejects people like us.”

After a few seconds of silence, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said, “That’s also possible. Many people in the Huaxia Sector have different ideals! Cai Shaochu was a typical example. Xu Tui might have been influenced by Cai Shaochu.” “Then should we continue with the plan?”

“Of course we have to continue! Putting aside the channel of the quantum array core that Xu Tui has, just the value of Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword is immeasurable. It has to be carried out, ” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

“If this plan has to be carried out, we have to follow my previous plan. To be honest, I think the possibility of success in your plan is too low.”

“Your plan, the one I saw previously? The plan is indeed very good, and the starting point is also very good. However, the risk is too great. Furthermore, the mission cycle is slightly longer.” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, frowned.

“I’ve also been using your plan for half a year. It’s still useless, and the risk is too great! I almost died when I attacked the forward operating base. I don’t like the feeling of being out of control.’

“Alright, we’ll follow your plan. However, the starting point of your plan is the Huaxia Sector. Therefore, you have to be extremely careful,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

“It’s not like I haven’t played Painted Skin in the Huaxia Sector before. Just remember to send me my reward,” the mysterious voice said.

“Don’t worry.”

“Then arrange for me to return to the Blue Star as soon as possible.”

Two days later, on the 6th of September, just as the territorial division was completed and the construction teams of the various sectors were in full swing, something regretful happened.

When the quasi-planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector, Tam, was on a patrol mission, he was extremely unlucky to encounter a super high-speed collision of a chaotic super crystal in the universe. He died tragically on the spot without a corpse.

The connection between Planet Kono, which had become a large construction site, and Mars and the Manut asteroid had been completed.

Other than the restrictions on the passage of Planetary realm powerhouses, every day, a large number of quasi-planetary, Transmutation, Evolution, and interstellar warriors would come and go through the quantum teleportation channel.

The territory expanded rapidly. The Blue Star’s seven sectors and two organizations were redeploying their forces to build their own defense line and rapid support system.

The movement of people became relatively difficult to monitor.

On September 7th, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star completely recovered from their injuries after resting for six to seven days. The attack team of Ceres led by Raymont set off. It was still these Planetary realm powerhouses who crossed space with their physical bodies. In terms of speed, they were much faster than fighter jets.

They were expected to arrive at Ceres in about 20 days.

In the depths of space, Xu Tui’s team was advancing rapidly toward Planet Liuxia.

Lavis’ short-range directional jump ability had increased to a higher level than Xu Tui had imagined.

If not for the fact that he needed at least a minute to accumulate energy before he activated it every time and that the number of people he could mobilize was limited, Xu Tui would have been a little afraid of the Great Xi Clan. This short-range directional jump ability was too powerful.

Especially when it was used to cooperate with tactics.

Under normal circumstances, for example, Xu Tui and the others would definitely discover them no matter how well they hid themselves when they attacked Planet Liuxia. Unless they spent more than ten days slowly infiltrating Planet Liuxia.

Whether it was the energy fluctuations or the movements when he flew, However, it was different with Lavis around.

As long as he calculated the distance accurately, he could directly jump into Planet Liuxia. Without experience, most people would treat the energy fluctuations produced by this jump as ray energy explosions in the universe.

However, the truth was that a wave of people had already taken advantage of the jump to charge into Planet Liuxia.

Was this ability terrifying?

It was terrifying!

If a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan brought a wave of enemies to undergo a short-range directional jump, it would be a silent surprise attack!

Who could defend against it if the enemy’s strength was slightly stronger?

“By the way, Lavis, according to this, with your short-range directional jump ability, you would have long sneak attacked the Spiritual Race until they peed their pants, right? Why do I hear from you that the Spiritual Race and your Great Xi Clan are still fighting each other in the Milky Way?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled as he looked at Lavis, who was preparing to undergo a short-range directional jump.

“My dear Xu, there are ways to restrain this ability.”

“What restraining method?” Xu Tui was curious.

Lavis pursed his lips tightly. He did not seem to want to say it. However, under Xu Tui’s questioning gaze, he could only say helplessly, “Actually, what I know is very simple. “When our Great Xi Clan underwent short-range directional jumps, we actually used a special quantum fluctuation with spatial stats. @@novelbin@@

“The Spiritual Race knew this secret. They only needed to use Planetary realm experts to continuously cause the surrounding quantum waves. If we rashly use a short-range directional jump to rush to a certain planet, the consequences will be like your fighter jet hitting a wall at high speed,” Lavis said.

“Damn, the consequences are that terrifying?”

“In any case, even if we don’t die, we will all be severely injured on the spot. It’s no different from death! Therefore, we usually don’t use this,” Lavis said.

For example, Lavis could use five directional jumps in a row. After five times, the energy in his body would be completely exhausted.

Although there was also energy in space and the Great Xi Clan’s Lavis could recover his energy through cultivation, the speed was extremely slow. He would not be able to recover fully for half a month. If he wanted to recover quickly, he had to use Origin Crystals. Nearly 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals would allow Lavis to completely recover.

From this point of view, Lavis’ directional jump ability was actually quite expensive.

This calculation suddenly made Xu Tui notice another problem. Or rather, it was a problem with the uniqueness of the Blue Star humans.

Be it the Great Xi Clan, or the Mechanical Spirit Race, if the energy in their bodies was exhausted, their recovery speed would be faster on planets and celestial bodies. In space, the recovery speed was extremely slow.

It was too slow.

But what about the Blue Star humans?

Xu Tui did not know about the comparison, but he suddenly realized the advantage of the Blue Star humans. First, Xu Tui mainly used his mind power. Wouldn’t he be able to use it after a night’s sleep if he used up all of it?

It was simply a transaction without any capital!

Xu Tui did not know about the cultivation methods of the other Supernatural Branch cultivators, such as earth-element or fire-element supernatural beings. However, he knew one thing very well with so many students and friends.

After the supernatural power in the bodies of the Blue Star Supernatural Branch cultivators was exhausted, as long as they still had mind power, they could recover the supernatural power in their bodies through continuous cultivation.

Although it was a little slower, it was not as slow as the Great Xi Clan. In the body, supernatural power could be produced out of thin air through cultivation.

The cultivators of the Extreme Branch were even more awesome.

After the energy field was exhausted, he could recover his energy field by eating and cultivating. This kind of restoration method was countless times more advanced than the Great Xi Clan and the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Xu Tui suddenly realized something.

Once the Blue Star humans with such unique conditions were stronger, would the other alien species be able to sleep? It was just like Xu Tui. He had used up all of his mind power. But he could restore it to full once he sleeps. It was doing a no capital business.

What about the Great Xi Clan? Then was a unique condition like the Blue Star innate, or could it be taken away? Why did the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan want to invade the Blue Star?

Xu Tui cultivated for 16 days with this doubt.

On September 19, 2039, Ah Huang issued a stop order to Yin Ba and Yin Liu, who were flying. “According to the remote sensing calculations, we are only about 200,000 kilometers away from Planet Liuxia. The error is 30,000 kilometers. ”

The fusion of Yin Ba and Yin Liu slowed down as promised. However, Xu Tui looked at Lavis. “It’s time for your performance.”

“Don’t worry, my dear Xu. There’s definitely no warp defense here.” Lavis had a confident expression..