Chapter 1235 - 1235: Lavis L S Improvement And Assistance

Chapter 1235: Lavis l s Improvement and Assistance

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

A large number of troops and resources poured over from the quantum teleportation Tunnel between Planet Kono and Mars the moment it was built.

The joint meeting of the higher-ups of the Blue Star began again. This time, the meeting decided on the division of the territories of the various sectors on Planet Kono. Those who participated in the division of members would be the extra-terrestrial people in charge of the various sectors.

The development of the solar system had officially begun.

Xu Tui also learned about the situation on Planet Spirit through the transit.

Everything was fine on Planet Spirit. Currently, no faction on the Blue Star had been greedy enough to steal Xu Tui’s nest.

Yes, for now, Planet Spirit was Xu Tui’s nest.

Yan Lie, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and the others who were staying behind told him how much they missed Xu Tui. The main content of their thoughts was that they could not participate in the battle.

Everyone could only turn their grief and indignation into strength. They cultivated day and night and trained hard in actual combat. All of them tried their best to break through to the quasi-planetary realm as soon as possible.

Only by breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm could they fully participate in the space conquest.

Those who did not enter the quasi-planetary realm would always be a spare

tire.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief that his hometown was fine for the time being. However, just because he was fine now did not mean that he would be fine in the future.

Therefore, Xu Tui was currently studying the top-secret data he had obtained from the command center database of the forward operating base with Ah Huang. He was searching and studying to see if there were any planets suitable for a nest.

At the same time, they were also searching for a suitable planet to bring An Xiaoxue back. He had to find a planet as soon as possible and establish a temporary quantum teleportation channel between him and An Xiaoxue. Only then would Xu Tui be at ease.

There were actually many planets of various sizes around Planet Kono.

However, it was not appropriate.

The development of the solar system had already begun. The interstellar warriors of the Blue Star were constantly arriving at Planet Kono through the quantum teleportation channel that had just been established.

Other than a portion of them being involved in construction, most of them would be sent out in a short period of time to search for and seize valuable planets nearby.

At that time, there might be dozens of search teams sent out.

However, he could not do it on a planet that had a journey of ten days. He had to be more hidden.

Previously, the quantum array core had already made the people from the Blue @@novelbin@@

Star extremely envious. If the Blue Star knew that Xu Tui had captured Lei

Qian, Xu Tui might really be suppressed by the other sectors.

Evidence? There was no need!

Kill him first. This matter was too simple.

Therefore, Xu Tui was very cautious.

Although no one knew that An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu had captured Lei Qian, most people could determine that An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu might have followed Lei Qian through the Quantum Portal underground on Planet Kono.

No one paid attention to this for the time being. However, if An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu rashly appeared, they might cause trouble. None of the experts in the Blue Star were fools. They were all cunning.

“Xu Tui, there is an asteroid called Planet Liuxia between Planet Charon and the asteroid belt. Look, this is the information on Planet Liuxia. I think that we can go to this Planet Liuxia. If Planet Liuxia is suitable, we can even use it to replace our current Planet Spirit.” Ah Huang, who was sitting beside Xu Tui, sent Xu Tui a message after the system’s analysis.

Planet Liuxia.

It was a small planet. Its area was only about 85% of the Blue Star, but its mass was 1.2 times that of the Blue Star. Its gravity should be slightly stronger than the Blue Star.

There was water!

According to the Spiritual Race’s detection, 80% of the water resources on the entire planet were solid. It was more than the Blue Star. There were three seasons. On Planet Liuxia, the Spiritual Race even had a record of planting in the wilderness.

However, that was not the most important thing. Most importantly, Planet

Liuxia was a Spiritual Growth Planet that the Spiritual Race had. It was similar to the resource planet that Xu Tui and the others had invaded during the space invasion.

Other than the various resource extraction bases, there were most of the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Embodiment Base. There might be as many as 30 of them, and the scale was even larger than the previous resource planet.

Before the battle, there was a Planetary realm and four quasi-planetary experts stationed for defense.

However, they had already been transferred back to the forward operating base by Lei Tian before the battle.

There was no direct quantum teleportation channel between Planet Kono and

Planet Liuxia. However, there was a quantum teleportation channel between Planet Liuxia and Ceres, but it was not the kind that could be activated at any time.

Xu Tui thought about it and rejected the idea of following the main group to fight on Ceres Star and arrive at Planet Liuxia through the quantum teleportation channel.

In that case, there was no point in seizing Planet Liuxia.

With Xu Tui’s small body, even if he occupied Planet Liuxia, he would definitely be taken away by the hooligans if they discovered him.

“It will take at least 37 days if everything goes smoothly. The actual arrival time might be more than 40 days.”

Xu Tui shook his head. “It’s too long. It’s too unsafe. I’m worried about Xiaoxue and the others.”

Ah Huang sighed when it heard that. “Xu Tui, it looks like your understanding of Lavis, Yin Liu, Yin Ba, and the others has been decreasing recently.”

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Thanks to the 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals you gave him, Lavis’ cultivation has improved greatly. He has already reached the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. His body has also fused with the body of a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan.

“This made his ability to use short-range directional jumps even more outstanding. Basically, he could use a short-range directional jump at least five times a day at 300,000 kilometers. If we continuously provide him with Origin Crystals to recover his power, he can use it more than ten times a day.”

Ah Huang’s words stunned Xu Tui. He had not noticed this recently. It was mainly because after these few battles, Lavis had become much more obedient, so he did not pay much attention.

If that was the case, Lavis’ usefulness would increase again.

The speed of the Hunter fighter jet was currently about Mach 80. In space, it could travel at about 96,000 kilometers per hour.

One short-range directional jump from Lavis was 300,000 kilometers. Five jumps a day was 1.5 million kilometers, which was equivalent to flying for an additional 16 hours.

Getting Lavis to jump five times a day would greatly reduce the time Xu Tui and the others took to reach Planet Liuxia. It would have taken 40 days, but with Lavis, it would probably only take about 26 days.

In that case, Lavis was already a treasure. It would be even faster if he did not consider the consumption of Origin Crystals.

“I’m afraid you haven’t completely understood the fusion of Yin Liu and Yin Ba! As Yin Ba’s cultivation recovers to the Planetary realm, after the two of them fuse into a battleship, they can transform into the appearance that is most suitable for space navigation.

“At the same time, he had a propeller like a Planetary realm powerhouse. Its flying speed was even faster than the fastest aircraft at the moment. Its speed could reach more than Mach 110. Most importantly, it could also bring people and last!

“You’ve already experienced this before,” Ah Huang reminded.

Xu Tui had indeed experienced the fusion abilities of Yin Liu and Yin Ba before, so he did not take them too seriously.

From the looks of it, it was more important than he had imagined. It directly increased the speed of the current fighter jet by 30%. In other words, the time it took to reach Planet Liuxia would be reduced by more than 30%. At this rate, they would reach Planet Liuxia in half a month.

This time was completely acceptable.

“By the way, Ah Huang, it’s currently the fusion of Yin Liu and Yin Ba. If another Planetary realm powerhouse from the Mechanical Spirit Race fuses with them, will their speed increase again?” Xu Tui asked.

“You have to ask Yin Liu and Yin Ba about this.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He smiled slightly. Then, he sent his consciousness to ask Yin Liu and Yin Ba the same question.

“Sir, this is considered the talent of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Experts of the same level can fuse and shapeshift. An additional Planetary realm powerhouse can fuse with us and increase our flying speed by about 10%. The consumption during the flight will also be lower,” Yin Ba replied.

Xu Tui only replied that he understood, but he was extremely surprised.

The Mechanical Spirit Race was a little like a treasure.

There was no need for more. If one or two more Planetary realm powerhouses from the Mechanical Spirit Race came to fuse, most Planetary realm powerhouses would not be able to catch up to the flying speed of the Mechanical Spirit Battleship.

Impressive.

It seemed that he had to hurry up and nurture Yin Sanping, Yin Wushu, and Yin Liulong in the future. He also had to invest more in nurturing the Transmutation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

“Ah Huang, send a report to Commander-in-chief Raymont. Tell him that our troops will leave Planet Kono and head to the vicinity of Planet Kono to explore.”

“Alright.”

This request was naturally approved. However, Xu Tui still went to the logistics camp before he set off. There were a large number of resources transported from Mars here, including food.

Xu Tui used a lot of food, including many snacks and alcohol. On the lonely space journey, there was nothing more reassuring than sharing a bag of snacks. Just as Xu Tui was about to leave, Yin Sanping suddenly informed him that the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Africa Sector, Maguwa, was here to visit.

Xu Tui was stunned.

To be honest, although he had fought side by side with the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector, Maguwa, they did not have much of a friendship.

Why did he come to look for him?

“My dear Xu, I heard that you are going out to explore?” Maguwa did not come alone. He had even brought two quasi-planetary experts from the Africa Sector who had been fighting with Xu Tui and the others. He gave Xu Tui a warm hug the moment he arrived.

“Yes.” This was not a secret because the report had been sent.

“In that case, my dear Xu, I have something that I want your permission to do.”

“Please tell me. If I can agree, I definitely will.”

“My dear Xu, the two quasi-planets behind me are called Tam and Stebo. They are both… heroes of our Africa Sector! Previously, they saw your elegance during the battle! They want to join your pioneer raiders. I hope you will allow it!” Maguwa said.

Xu Tui looked at Maguwa in surprise. The quasi-planetary experts of the Africa Sector had come to join his pioneer raiders. What was going on?

He could not understand it at all!

However, Xu Tui had observed the two people that Maguwa had brought along previously. They were both from the Supernatural Branch. Their combat strength was indeed very strong.

Hearing this, Maguwa immediately explained to Xu Tui, “Dear Xu, you understand the situation on the Africa Sector’s side. The benefits we get are getting smaller and smaller, and the future of our development is also getting smaller. If the two of them stay with me, they might not be able to step into the Planetary realm for the rest of their lives.

In the current extra-terrestrial, only by going out would they have a chance to develop. Therefore, the two of them wanted to follow you and serve you, perhaps they might have a chance to break through to the Planetary realm!

“Don’t worry, they are absolutely loyal to you! You can even get them to activate the Spiritual Shackles.”

Xu Tui was shocked once again. Whoa, this was a good thing that came knocking on his door! Two quasi-planetary experts with powerful combat strength from the Supernatural Branch had come to seek shelter. It was simply a pie dropped from the sky.

Therefore, Xu Tui rejected him directly.

“I’m sorry. I don’t have any plans to recruit new members for the time being. If I do, I will definitely consider you immediately!”

Maguwa and the two quasi-planets behind him were stunned on the spot.

How could he refuse?