Chapter 1232 - 1232: Motherland And The Reinforcements From The Spiritual Race

Chapter 1232: Motherland and the Reinforcements from the Spiritual Race

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

With a Planetary realm powerhouse paving the way, even if all the passageways were automatically locked after the forward operating base activated the self-destruction program, they would not be able to trap the Blue Star powerhouses in the base.

In just 35 seconds, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star, including Xu Tui and the others, rushed out of the forward operating base.

This was partly because of Lei Tian’s function.

Previously, in order to save Lei Qian, Lei Tian had forcefully opened a passageway. Now, it had become the fastest evacuation passageway for Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star.

Sixty seconds after Lei Tian was killed, all the Blue Star experts who participated in the battle had already been more than three kilometers away from the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

The faster ones had already retreated to a safe distance five kilometers away.

Then, they watched as the energy light erupted from the interior of the

Spiritual Race’s forward operating base like a tsunami. Then, the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base that the Blue Star humans had been talking about for hundreds of years was drowned by smoke and dust amidst continuous explosions.

At the same time, dust rose from all directions of Planet Kono.

Raymont, Haren, Itavi, Augusto, Anlevich, and the others all had pained expressions.

The Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was destroyed just like that. Or rather, Planet Kono was destroyed just like that.

The vast amount of resources and information stored inside, including the construction process, structure, and so on, could make the Blue Star rich even if it was split equally among the seven sectors and one organization. They might even be able to find information about the quantum array core.

But now, there was nothing.

Haren, Itavi, Raymont, and the others, who had some dirty thoughts previously, looked at Xu Tui, who was fine, with depressed expressions.

They had killed Lei Tian, but the forward operating base had self-destructed. They did not obtain anything, but Xu Tui was fine.

If they had known this would happen…

After a long silence, the commander-in-chief of the Blue Star, Raymont, said, “Hurry up and interrogate the captives and treat the injured. The various teams will split up to investigate the situation of the supplies on Planet Kono. They will be sealed and distributed after the battle.

“Two hours later, there will be an emergency military meeting to discuss the next military goal.”

Regarding this, although the people from the various teams were not very interested, they could only execute it first. This was necessary.

As the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base completely self-destructed, the value of Planet Kono instantly plummeted.

Those valuable warehouses and production lines had already activated the self-destruction program at the same time. Even if some of them did not self-destruct, they were basically worthless,

They had won this battle. However, it did not meet their expectations.

The various teams began to move freely. Cai Shaochu came to look for Xu Tui first with a solemn expression. “Where’s Xiaoxue and Qingqiu? What’s going on?”

When Cai Shaochu asked this, Xu Tui immediately had an anxious expression. “They discovered a quantum teleportation channel on the second level of the underground and chased after it. At this moment, I’m afraid that the quantum teleportation channel has been destroyed by self-destruction and is trapped there!”

Cai Shaochu’s eyes immediately widened. He was furious. “How did you command? How could you do such a reckless thing? They had casually teleported to an unknown planet! Aren’t you asking them to court death?” In his anger, Cai Shaochu scolded Xu Tui in front of everyone.

Xu Tui lowered his head and stood at attention. He was being scolded. He could not explain this in person. After all, the Planetary realm powerhouses from the other sectors were all watching. Any change in Old Cai’s expression would attract the attention of these sly old foxes.

Just like that, Cai Shaochu lectured Xu Tui for two minutes. Xu Tui felt that if he wasn’t in front of others, would Old Cai beat him up?

“Is there a way to remedy the situation? Can we establish a connection? Is there an emergency plan?” Old Cai, who was getting angrier the more he was scolded, could only ask this.

“Yes, but I’m not sure!”

Hearing this, Old Cai became angry again and scolded him fiercely. The Planetary realm powerhouses from the other sectors smiled when they saw this. They also left to do their own things. No one paid too much attention to the situation here.

Xu Tui had lost two quasi-planets, and one of them was very likely to break through to the Planetary realm. This was good news for them.

“Principal, continue to reprimand me. Don’t stop. Don’t change your expression, but just listen to me,” Xu Tui said through voice transmission.

Old Cai’s gaze shifted slightly. He continued to reprimand Xu Tui, but Xu Tui’s voice kept ringing in his mind.

Not long after, Old Cai heaved a sigh of relief. An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu had indeed gone to an unknown planet. However, Xu Tui had many backup plans. Most importantly, they had captured Lei Qian!

This was too valuable.

Lei Qian was Lei Tian’s wife. She was the first adjutant and second-in-command of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. All

matters, regardless of size, had to be handled by Lei Qian. To a certain extent, Lei Qian’s value was much more important than Lei Tian.

This was another gain.

“How long will it take to establish a connection with Xiaoxue and the others?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“We need a relatively hidden planet to establish a temporary quantum teleportation channel. ”

An Xiaoxue had the confidence to go over because she had a quantum array core. As long as the other party was not in a desperate situation, she could establish a temporary quantum teleportation channel with Xu Tui according to the agreement. If she did not have this trump card, Xu Tui would not have let An Xiaoxue take the risk.

“If we can confirm that they are temporarily safe, don’t be anxious. We’ll find a safe time to fetch them back after some time,” Cai Shaochu said. “Principal, don’t worry. In the last communication with the quantum teleportation channel just now, Xiaoxue said that their environment is relatively safe. We haven’t found any powerhouses above the quasi-planetary realm for the time being.” After saying that, Xu Tui said, “Oh, yes, Principal, I have something for you.”

“What is it?”

Xu Tui handed a chip to Cai Shaochu. Cai Shaochu was puzzled. He pasted the chip on his communication device and began to read the data. His expression changed after he took a look. “The database of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base command center? When did you get it?” Even with Cai Shaochu’s bearing, his expression changed slightly.

One had to know that this was the most valuable strategic information. If the other sectors knew that the Huaxia Sector or Xu Tui had obtained this, they would probably immediately besiege them and ask them to hand it over or share the information.

“When I controlled the emergency command center, Ah Huang urgently replicated it. However, it only replicated two-thirds of it. The information is not complete,” Xu Tui said.

“Then what do you mean by that?” Cai Shaochu asked Xu Tui.

He and Xu Tui were teachers and students, and they were not purely teachers and students. He, Cai Shaochu, was the representative of the Huaxia Sector, but he could not represent the Huaxia Sector.

“Hand all the information over to the motherland. I hope that the information inside can help the motherland seize the initiative and obtain an opportunity to develop,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu glanced at Xu Tui and solemnly put the chip into his quantum dimensional chain.

“Xu Tui, I thank you on behalf of the Huaxia Sector! This is very important.

Very important. The motherland will remember your contribution. ”

“Yes, the motherland. I know.”

Just as the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star were exploring Planet Kono, which had become ruins on the self-destruction program, on a small planet outside the high- temperature fire wall of the distant solar system, the red-browed elder of the Spiritual Race’s Fire Division, Chi Jing, was anxiously waiting.

It had been five months.

It had been five months since they arrived at Planet Y outside the high-temperature fire wall of the solar system. They were still waiting here.

The reason for waiting was that Planet X, which was located inside the high-temperature fireball of the solar system, had encountered a solar storm. The quantum teleportation channel on it had trembled and was in a sealed state. It could not pass through for the time being.

He could only wait!

The Spiritual Race knew about the solar storm. There was indeed one. It could indeed affect the stability of the quantum teleportation channel.

However, they waited for five months.

In that case, the judgment of the Sanctuary before they came might be true. There might be a problem with the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian.

This was also the fundamental reason why he, an elder of the Sanctuary, had led a team to support the forward operating base.

With him leading the team, even if Lei Tian kept the quantum teleportation channel between Planet X and Planet Y closed, he, an elder of the Fire Division, could bring his subordinates through the high-temperature fire wall at the right time and location.

Then, he would reach the forward operating base and correct or even control

Lei Tian.

Planet X and Planet Y were names that were rare within the Spiritual Race. The reason for their names was that the quantum teleportation channel between these two planets could transmigrate through the high-temperature fire wall of the solar system.

It was extremely important.

“There’s still no response from Lei Tian?” Chi Jing asked. @@novelbin@@

Feng Gu, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Wind Division, nodded.

“Elder, there has indeed been no response. He did not give an explanation.”

“Have you confirmed the time when the shining hole in the solar system’s high-temperature fire wall appeared?” Chi Jing asked.

“Elder, it has been confirmed. It is estimated that in four months and eight days, the shining hole of the solar system’s High-Temperature Fire Wall will appear. It will last for six hours. At that time, we will be able to pass through the solar system’s High-Temperature Fire Wall,” Feng Gu said.

“I have to wait another four months.” Chi Jing felt a little helpless.

Although four months was insignificant in the universe, he was a little displeased to waste almost a year here.

The Sanctuary Elder, Chi Jing, frowned slightly.

At this moment, Chi Wuxun, another Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fire Division on duty outside, suddenly exclaimed, “Elder, look, the quantum teleportation channel is normal. It’s normal.”

With a flash of fire, Sanctuary Elder Chi Jing appeared in front of the quantum teleportation tunnel on Planet Y. The huge and deep quantum vortex door actually emitted a faint light at this moment. It was completely different from the deathly silence from before.

This meant that it could pass.

“It’s here, it’s here. There’s a letter from the other side.”

Chi Wuxun picked up the teleported information and handed it to Elder Chi Jing. He glanced at it and sneered. “Lei Tian said that the solar storm has ended and the quantum teleportation channel has returned to normal? What do you think?”

“Elder, are there any… traps?” Feng Gu guessed boldly.

Chi Jing sneered. “I’ll go over first! I want to see what kind of trap Lei Tian can or dare to arrange for me!” With a cold laugh, Chi Jing stepped into the quantum teleportation channel of Planet Y..