Chapter 1239 - 1239: Cai Shaochu ‘S Analysis And Non -Clone

Chapter 1239: Cai Shaochu ‘s Analysis and Non -Clone

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Yanzi, what level is the strength of the Sanctuary Elder of the Spiritual Race?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“It depends on the elders of the inner and outer halls,” Yanzi said.

“The Sanctuary is divided into internal and external?”

“The Sanctuary is divided into internal and external. There is no difference in status between the internal and external halls. However, the elders of the Inner Sanctuary are usually good at a certain special ability.

“The elders of the Inner Sanctuary might not have super powerful combat strength, but they must have extremely precious or powerful special abilities. For example, my grandfather was considered a key figure in the Sanctuary in refining the quantum jade core because of his purple flames ability and extremely powerful mind power. This was especially so for the materials used to refine the cross-galactic quantum array core.

“However, my grandfather was also an elder who was good in combat in the Inner Sanctuary. As for the elders of the Outer Sanctuary, it’s easy. The elders of the Outer Sanctuary are specially born for battle and killing. Every elder of the Outer Sanctuary is a human-shaped war machine,” Yanzi said.

“Then is the Sanctuary Elder that Lei Qian mentioned from the inner or outer Sanctuary?”

“It must be the elders of the Outer Sanctuary! The elders of the Inner Sanctuary are even more precious. They won’t be sent out to participate in the battle. Even if they were sent out to participate in the battle, they would not be sent too far away from their home planet,” Yanzi said.

“How’s the strength of the elder of the Outer Sanctuary compared to Lei Tian?” Xu Tui asked.

“How should I put it? Lei Tian is still very powerful, especially the Thunder Division itself. They are fast and lethal. Lei Tian’s personal strength is barely close to the requirements of the Sanctuary Elder. However, in the end, it’s still a little lacking,” Yanzi said.

“In other words, the strength of the Sanctuary elder who came to help is definitely stronger than Lei Tian.”

“Yes! According to my grandfather, all the elders of the Sanctuary who can enter the Outer Sanctuary have already touched the ultimate power,” Yanzi said.

Ultimate power? This was the first time Xu Tui had heard this. He asked in surprise, “What is the ultimate power?”

“My grandfather didn’t tell me. He said that my level is too low. I wouldn’t understand even if I told him.”

Xu Tui: ‘ .

Xu Tui frowned. At this moment, An Xiaoxue sent him another letter. The contents were about the consequences of the reinforcements. This batch of reinforcements led by the Sanctuary Elder had actually been here for a long time. Previously, they had been trapped outside the solar system because of Lei Tian’s obstruction.

The order of Lei Tian before he died in battle was issued through the command center of the forward operating base. Due to the preparations of the two of them, Lei Tian would automatically send an order to Planet Peach through the command center of the forward operating base.

Therefore, Lei Qian knew this.

Xu Tui was a little surprised when he saw the notification letter sent by An

Xiaoxue again. Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu were very capable. They actually made Lei Qian spit it out so thoroughly and even said that the information was 100% true.

Xu Tui was very curious. What kind of method did the two women use to make Lei Qian spit out so thoroughly? How could he warn the Blue Star humans?

Xu Tui had a headache. This reinforcements led by the Spiritual Race’s

Sanctuary Elder, especially since this Sanctuary Elder’s strength had surpassed Lei Tian, would result in catastrophic consequences if he appeared on Planet Kono or Ceres.

He did not know how many people would die in battle if they appeared on Planet Kono. If they appeared on Ceres Star, the attack team of Ceres Star organized by Blue Star would probably encounter an iron plate. No matter who won or lost, there would be heavy casualties.

Most importantly, Cai Shaochu was also there.

Xu Tui had brought a small set of signal transmitters with him in his quantum dimensional chain. He could send messages to a fixed communication frequency after he assembled them. However, the communication delay was very fatal.

Xu Tui had made some preparations with Cai Shaochu before he left. However, it was very difficult for Cai Shaochu to use such a method when he was out on an expedition. Most importantly, based on the time, the Ceres attack team should arrive on Ceres in a day or two.

Xu Tui thought about it and decided to do both. Of course, it was hard to say if the Blue Star would believe him after the message was sent.

“Ah Huang, assemble this small communication tower and send a warning message to the fixed frequency. Tell them that we accidentally discovered reinforcements from the Spiritual Race. The Sanctuary Elder will lead the

team.”

“Alright. Do you want to maintain communication?” Ah Huang asked.

“No, turn off the communication tower after sending it three times. At the same time, pay attention to hiding our location during the communication process,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood! The communication delay is estimated to be 12 to 15 hours,” Ah Huang said.

“Alright.”

After Ah Huang went to prepare these, Xu Tui searched with his mind power and found another stack of cards in the quantum dimensional chain. It was an Origin Crystal ability seal card made by Cai Shaochu.

There were a hundred Origin Crystal ability seal cards. The aura of this stack of Origin Crystal ability seal cards was extremely faint. He could not sense any powerful energy fluctuations.

Xu Tui thought about it and took out one of the cards. He crushed it. A palm-sized word appeared and shattered. It looked ordinary. He took out another one and crushed it. Then, he took it out and crushed it. He crushed seven cards in a row before he heaved a sigh of relief.

He would do his best and leave it to fate. At the moment, that was all he could do.

The newly built quantum teleportation channel with An Xiaoxue was still charging and stabilizing. It would take another two and a half hours to completely stabilize.

Xu Tui took advantage of this time to bring Yanzi to the Spiritual Embodiment Center of Base 7. He wanted to study this.

The Spiritual Race placed great importance on the Spiritual Embodiment. @@novelbin@@

Cai Shaochu’s Galaxy Spirit Research Center also placed great importance on spirits. They felt that spirits might have a decisive effect and had many speculations that could not be verified.

Just as Xu Tui was heading toward the Spiritual Embodiment Center, a ball of dazzling light was rapidly advancing in the pitch-black space. This was the team of Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star attacking Ceres Star. At this moment, they were quickly crossing space together.

With their powerful vision, they could already see Ceres Star. They would probably arrive at Ceres Star in half a day at most.

There was no need to hide their tracks.

Regardless of whether there were Planetary realm powerhouses guarding Ceres Star, the destruction of the forward operating base of Planet Kono was enough to make them enter a state of war.

Therefore, they just had to charge over and do it.

Cai Shaochu, who was being sent flying by someone else’s force field, suddenly felt his heart skip a beat. This made Cai Shaochu frown. Under normal circumstances, a Planetary realm powerhouse like him would not easily have such a palpitation.

Before Cai Shaochu could think about it, his heart throbbed again. A warning sign instantly appeared in Cai Shaochu’s eyes. He immediately remembered that this was not a whim, but a palpitation caused by one of his Heartlink Cards.

The Heartlink Card was a very useless Origin Crystal ability seal card that Cai Shaochu had made with his own aura. It consumed very little energy and had an extremely useless effect.

It was the Heartlink Card that could cause his heart to palpitate after he crushed it. He had written this character for many years, but he had not used it much. Its effect was really useless. However, the last time he separated from Xu Tui, Xu Tui had mentioned that he had used the colony of Tri Ling Ding to exchange information through the Morse password.

Cai Shaochu suddenly remembered that his Heartlink Formula could also be used to transmit urgent news. Although he could not use the Morse password, he could agree on a specific number to express a special meaning.

For example, shattering two cards in a row meant that Xu Tui was in danger.

Three cards meant that Xu Tui was in extreme danger. He asked Cai Shaochu to think of a way to help. Four cards meant that he was in extreme danger. His life was in danger.

Five cards represented a warning. Xu Tui had given Cai Shaochu a warning, indicating that he was in danger. Six cards meant that it was very dangerous. Seven cards meant that Cai Shaochu or the Huaxia Sector were in an extremely dangerous situation.

In 30 seconds, Cai Shaochu’s heart palpitated seven times.

This made Old Cai look very vigilant. Seven cards. Was the situation of him or the Huaxia Sector extremely dangerous? He thought about Xu Tui’s previous movements. He might be looking for a safe planet to establish a connection with An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui had said before that An Xiaoxue had already captured Lei Qian.

Then this…

Cai Shaochu thought and analyzed with all his might. Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui would not have warned him like this. He even tore seven pieces in a row. On the other hand, Xu Tui knew his movements. He knew that he would head to Ceres to participate in the battle. He also roughly knew the timeline of his arrival.

However, he was warning him now. It was extremely dangerous!

Then, he thought of Lei Qian. In an instant, Cai Shaochu thought of a possibility. His hair stood on end!

Ceres Star was dangerous! It was extremely dangerous!

“Mr. Raymont, I have a very important situation that I need to report to you. I hope you will take it seriously.” After carefully organizing his words, Cai Shaochu changed his method and told Raymont that Ceres might be in danger.

Raymont was able to become the commander-in-chief of the Blue Star because of his intelligence. It was impossible for Cai Shaochu to joke with him like this. He immediately took it extremely seriously. Under the current situation, he could imagine that Ceres was in danger and readjust the plan.

If there was really danger, it could be avoided. If there was no danger, it would be a good thing to celebrate.

There was no harm in being careful.

On Planet Liuxia, Xu Tui was at the Spiritual Embodiment Center of Base 7. His heart turned cold as he looked at the 1,200-odd Blue Star humans who had been Spiritual Embodiment.

There were old and young, men and women of all skin colors, but they did not communicate. Food was also systematic. There was a tube in each room. At a fixed time, it would pour in a fixed amount of food, a light green paste.

“Yanzi, do you know where these Blue Star Humans who have been colonized came from? Did you clone them, or?” Xu Tui asked Yanzi softly as he watched.

“I’m not too sure where they came from, but they’re definitely not clones,” Yanzi said.

“Why do you say that?”

“The cloned Blue Star humans don’t have spirits, much less reproduce! They should be the real Blue Star humans. Searching for the humans is also an important mission of the forward operating base,” Yanzi said.

“There are so many people. How did you find them?”

“I don’t know, but it’s said that someone has been selling them! ”

In an instant, Yanzi’s words made Xu Tui’s scalp turn numb. His entire body trembled as if he had been electrocuted..