Chapter 1234 - 1234: The Summary Of Kono

Chapter 1234: The Summary of Kono

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lei Tian and Lei Zhen were beheaded. The forward operating base was broken through and they occupied Planet Kono. More than 70% of the Planetary realm powerhouses under the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base were killed or captured.

The Blue Star’s Sun Storm Plan was a complete victory. Under this tone, Raymont, the commander-in-chief of the Sun Storm Plan, held a landmark meeting on Planet Kono.

Historically, it was called the Summary of Kono.

The participants were based on the one organization and seven sectors of the Blue Star. Each unit, including the Africa Sector, could only have two participants at most and had the right to vote.

This was because this meeting would determine the subsequent expansion footprints of the Blue Star Humans in the solar system.

There was a small interlude before the meeting.

The Blue Star did not include Xu Tui’s Planet Spirit.

Although Xu Tui’s team fought alone, they were regarded by the other organizations on the Blue Star as a team from the Huaxia Sector. If Xu Tui participated in the meeting and had the right to vote, wouldn’t that strengthen the right to speak in the Huaxia Sector?

Therefore, after the meeting, Haren, Itavi, and the others, including Raymont, tacitly agreed to this.

Cai Shaochu was naturally the one who was surprised. When Commander-in-chief Raymont announced the start of the meeting, Cai Shaochu suddenly realized that Xu Tui was not here.

“Wait, what’s wrong with Xu Tui from Planet Spirit? Did he not receive any notice, or has he not arrived yet?” Cai Shaochu frowned and looked at Raymont.

Raymont was silent. The others, including Haren, Itavi, Augusto, Anlevich, Huang Gu, and The Myth Athena, did not speak and remained silent.

Cai Shaochu reacted after being stunned for a moment. “You didn’t inform him?” Cai Shaochu instantly felt an inexplicable anger rise. “When we attacked Planet Kono, why didn’t you inform him of the meeting? Can you be any more shameless?” Cai Shaochu scolded.

After a few seconds of silence, Raymont, who was the host and the commander-in-chief, spread his hands helplessly and said, “This meeting is the highest-level decision-making meeting of the Blue Star. Therefore, Xu Tui doesn’t have a suitable identity. Mr. Cai, you should understand.”

“Yes, I understand!” Cai Shaochu laughed in anger. “I understand very well. Next time, if any of you need a quantum array core, I suggest that you talk to him personally. I was too ashamed to raise any friendly price. Guys like you are not worthy of a friendly price.”

Everyone was silent.

Before the Sun Storm Plan officially began, the Blue Star desperately needed a quantum array core. Only a quantum array core could turn an occupied planet into controlled territory.

However, the continuous expenditures made the financial resources of the Blue Star a little tight, especially the Africa Sector. They could barely afford it. The Russian Federation and India Sector, which were rather weak in financial resources, could not afford it either.

The Blue Star finally discussed and asked Old Cai to go over and bargain with Xu Tui.

Old Cai discussed with Xu Tui and lowered the price of the original 110,000 grams of Origin Crystals to 80,000 grams of Origin Crystals. He announced to the public that Xu Tui did not earn money himself and that he had done this job for nothing.

The most fundamental reason for the reduction in price was that Xu Tui wanted to sell it.

Xu Tui still had nearly 100 sets of quantum array cores in his hands. Selling a portion of these things for resources was the most valuable. He could not afford it if it was too expensive.

That was how the friendship price came about.

Seeing that no one was saying anything, Cai Shaochu raised his voice again. “I solemnly remind everyone here to face it head-on! You have to take Xu Tui’s power seriously. To be honest, even the Huaxia Sector now regards Xu Tui as an independent force and gives him full respect and courtesy.

“In terms of strength, Xu Tui currently had two Planetary realm experts and at least eight quasi-planetary experts under him. Everyone knew Xu Tui’s strength. Most importantly, Xu Tui from Planet Spirit had the quantum array core that our various sectors urgently needed.

“Most of you should have experienced Xu Tui’s style of doing things. That’s all I have to say. You guys can consider it.”

There were some things that no one noticed before someone pointed them out. Once someone pointed them out, it would be different.

No one had calculated it alone before. However, they now realized that Xu Tui’s strength on Planet Spirit seemed to be no weaker than the strength of the

Africa Sector of the Blue Star. There were only three Planetary realms in the Atnca sector, Including tne newly DroKen tnrougn Planetary realm.

Xu Tui’s team was not weaker than the Africa Sector. It was still unknown who would win if the top combatants of the Africa Sector fought Xu Tui’s strength on Planet Spirit.

When Cai Shaochu said that, especially when Xu Tui’s style of doing things was mentioned, Haren and Itavi did not look too comfortable. However, despite his discomfort, he thought of the consequences of a certain possibility.

Xu Tui was not like old people like them. Most of the time, they solved problems from a political perspective. Xu Tui was not. He was more intentional in his actions. @@novelbin@@

If Xu Tui ignored them in a fit of anger, putting everything else aside, just the quantum array core alone made them extremely uncomfortable.

Two minutes later, Commander-in -chief Raymont said, “How about this? We’ll hold a vote at the last minute. However, before we vote, I have to confirm something with the Huaxia Sector. Are you sure that Xu Tui is an independent organization and not a team from the Huaxia Sector?”

“What do you think? I’m afraid that I’ll have to use my old face in front of Xu Tui too much. I’m afraid that I’ll have to talk business and politics with him in the future,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Alright, in view of Xu Tui’s performance and the power of Planet Spirit, I personally propose to treat Xu Tui on Planet Spirit as an independent organization in the Blue Star Human Alliance.

“Now, the vote has begun. If it passed, Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders would obtain a joint position. The Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization would become the Blue Star’s seven sectors and two organizations.

“Now, the vote will begin.”

As Raymont’s voice fell, Cai Shaochu was naturally the first to pass. Then, it was Maguwa from the Africa Sector, then the Russian Federation and the European Sector. In the end, they passed unanimously.

“Okay, inform Xu Tui to participate in the meeting. Also, this resolution is only a last-minute resolution. If the Worldly Pioneer Raiders want to be officially promoted to a member of the Blue Star Alliance, they still need the approval of the joint meeting of the Blue Star Genetic Committee.” Raymont first left himself a way out.

Xu Tui only knew that there were so many twists and turns in the process of his participation in this meeting after he received the notice.

Actually, Xu Tui would not have wanted to participate in such a meeting if Cai Shaochu had not fought for it. Such a meeting and meeting qualifications were meaningless to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not return to the Blue Star. He did not have any benefits or demands in the extra-terrestrial range controlled by the Blue Star.

The meeting process was a little slow. There were two main missions in the meeting that determined the strategic direction of the future. The second was naturally the principle of dividing the benefits.

The future strategic direction was very simple.

In the solar system, the forward operating base of the Spiritual Race was an important place. There was another extremely important place, Ceres Star.

More than 60 years ago, the Fire God, Gavro, had charged into Ceres and was about to completely occupy and control it. Then, he was killed by the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor with a finger.

It was said that Ceres was the transportation hub of the solar system. It was the kind that could be connected inside and outside. In any case, it was very important.

Therefore, after conquering Planet Kono, they had to conquer Ceres.

According to the current situation, the main force of the Spiritual Race had already died in battle, but they could not rule out the possibility that there would be a Planetary realm powerhouse on Ceres Star.

Therefore, all units had to mobilize their main forces to head to Ceres and capture it in one fell swoop.

The initial plan was to send out a Planetary realm powerhouse from each of the seven sectors of the Blue Star. They had to send the top ones to attack Ceres Star.

Xu Tui was the first to object to this plan. He did not have a suitable Planetary realm powerhouse under him who could participate in this attack plan. After all, the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Mechanical Spirit Race was a captive.

The higher-ups of the Blue Star did not force it. However, the requirements of the other alliances were very high. They had all designated participating units.

Erera had to go. Other than that, Augusto from the European Sector also had to participate in the battle. Of course, in exchange, they could enjoy two portions of the spoils of war from the European Sector.

Then, for example, Cai Shaochu from the Huaxia Sector and Itavi from the India Sector. The strongest Planetary realm powerhouse from the various sectors had to participate in the battle.

The reason was simple. Back then, when the Fire God, Gavro, attacked Ceres Star, he was killed by the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor. This was a shadow among the human experts on the Blue Star.

Would the situation back then repeat if he went to Ceres today?

Although the situation back then was completely different from now, the Spiritual Race had invaded and fought a stalemate. The Spiritual Race itself was also strong. Now, the Spiritual Race was at a dead end.

However, no one could guarantee that such a situation would not happen if they went to Ceres again.

Therefore, they had to capture Ceres Star again with the most luxurious lineup and the most careful posture.

Actually, Xu Tui also wanted to go to Ceres Star.

Ceres Star was very mysterious. It was said that there was a secret. Otherwise, the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor would not have attacked from afar not long after the Fire God, Gavro, attacked Ceres Star.

However, all of this could not compare to An Xiaoxue’s safety.

Although An Xiaoxue said that it was very safe on Planet Peach, Xu Tui still wanted to find a safe planet immediately and establish a quantum teleportation channel with Planet Peach to confirm An Xiaoxue’s safety.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not go.

This meeting decided on another matter at the same time—Planet Kono would be the base of the Blue Star Genetic Committee in the future. It would be under the jurisdiction of the Blue Star Genetic Committee (Raymont). At the same time, the two organizations and seven sectors would also have a general base on Planet Kono. Furthermore, the units could start immigration in an orderly manner.

There was no doubt that although it had only been half a day since they captured Planet Kono, the Blue Star had already confirmed that Planet Kono was the most suitable planet for the interstellar migration of humans on the Blue Star. The planet’s environment was closest to the Blue Star.

From the current data, one could even breathe on Planet Kono! With just this condition, the difficulty of immigrating would be greatly reduced. Moreover, Planet Kono was twice the size of Earth. Its land was extremely vast.

It could be foreseen that Planet Kono would most likely become the core of the Blue Star Humans’ immigration in the solar system in the future.

The third thing in the meeting was the specific requirements for the development of the solar system.

The Spiritual Race had basically been wiped out. The Blue Star humans’ greatest enemy had been killed. The Blue Star humans could then vigorously develop the solar system. However, development had to be done in an orderly manner.

During the development process, the Blue Star would encounter all kinds of situations and even fights. Therefore, the rules had been set long ago. The rules were the same as the development rules of the asteroid belt that Manut had set out previously.

However, Xu Tui scoffed at this.

The rules for the development of the asteroid belt that Manut had developed previously were very detailed. In the end, the battle was still ongoing. Pioneer personnel from the various sectors had mysteriously disappeared.

It was probably the same for the development of the solar system. Other than the people fighting for Ceres, there were also some people guarding Planet Kono.

At the same time, Planet Kono would also establish the first quantum teleportation channel with Mars.

The era of the great development of the solar system was about to arrive!