Chapter 1231 - 1231: The Death Of Lei Tian

Chapter 1231: The Death of Lei Tian

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the narrow tunnel, Lei Tian resisted the layers of attacks from more than a dozen Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star and continuously expanded the battle circle.

Lei Tian wanted to return to the fourth last level of the underground. As long as he returned to the fourth last level of the underground, he would have a chance to escape. However, it was hard to say if he could go back.

Therefore, Lei Tian made the final arrangements as he fought bitterly.

“Thunder Dragon, as the commander-in-chief of the base in the past, I order you to activate the ultimate rights.” Lei Tian suddenly contacted him. He had shouted that sentence.

The Thunder Dragon was the code name of the supercomputer in the command center of the forward operating base. It was also a high-level artificial intelligence. However, the Thunder Dragon did not give birth to a spirit by chance like Ah Huang.

Therefore, Lei Tian could not communicate with his consciousness.

They were in a battle now. He could only shout.

“Alright, analyzing the sound level, analyzing the face, and analyzing the light at a deeper level. Please wait a moment.”

This response made the expression of the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star change. Was Lei Tian going to use some big moves?

“Identity confirmed. You can activate the ultimate rights.” Forty seconds later, an electronic voice sounded.

At the same time, Ah Huang’s helpless voice also sounded in Xu Tui’s ears. “Xu Tui, the ultimate rights of the super quantum computer in the emergency command center have been activated. My information duplication has been stopped. ”

Xu Tui, who was urgently contacting An Xiaoxue, was stunned. “How much information have you copied?” “71%. I’m still a third away from duplicating it.” “Is there still a chance to replicate it?”

“It’s hard to say.”

While Ah Huang was talking to Xu Tui, Lei Tian, who was in the middle of the battle, also took the opportunity to roar again. “Order, restart the quantum teleportation channel on Planet X immediately.”

“Understood. A long-range order has been issued. The quantum teleportation channel on Planet X is expected to be restarted in 45 minutes.”

“Order, send all the information documents I prepared previously to Planet X.

They will be received by those who come later.”

“Understood. It has been sent.’

“Order, if my aura disappears, please activate the self-destruction program of the forward operating base immediately!”

As soon as Lei Tian said that, the expressions of all the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star who were attacking Lei Tian changed drastically. How could he activate the self-destruction program of the forward operating base? Then they would have wasted half a day.

Their attacks became more and more ruthless and anxious. However, in this narrow tunnel, it became Lei Tian’s advantage. Everyone was restrained and could not unleash their combat strength and advantage.

“Roger that, but please explain. What are the criteria for the disappearance of an aura?” The mechanical voice of the Thunder Dragon sounded.

“When my life force leaves the forward operating base or disappears.”

Commander disappears, the forward operating base will activate the self-destruction program within a minute.” The voice of the Thunder Dragon resounded.

“Can you go faster?”

“Full self-destruction will take time.”

After receiving this answer, the injured Lei Tian had a sinister smile on his face. Behind him, Cai Shaochu was already extremely depressed.

More than a dozen Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star surrounded Lei Tian, Lei Zhen. There was also Erera. They actually allowed Lei Tian to escape here and even activated the self-destruction program of the forward operating base.

Other than Lei Tian’s own strength, there was also infighting among the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star.

However, what could Cai Shaochu say at this moment? A supercomputer was the most loyal once it started to carry out a certain order. There would definitely be no changes. Under such circumstances, even Raymont became anxious.

“Everyone, think of a way to capture him alive!” Raymont shouted.

This was the only way to break through the situation. As long as Lei Tian’s life force did not disappear, the forward operating base would not activate the self-destruction program. However, capturing a Planetary realm powerhouse like Lei Tian was even more difficult than ascending to the heavens.

“Ah Huang, is there a possibility of stopping the self-destruction program?” Xu Tui was also anxious. He had not finished replicating the information. There were still a large number of resources in the forward operating base.

Xu Tui would receive at least one-eighth of these resources if they were seized. He would also receive one-eighth of the resources from the Huaxia Sector. If the self-destruction program was activated, there would be nothing.

“No.” Ah Huang’s voice was filled with helplessness. “I only invaded and controlled the emergency command center, and Lei Tian used the ultimate authority. If I had invaded and controlled the main control center previously, there was still a possibility of stopping.

“Now, unless you blow up the emergency and main control centers before Lei Tian gives the order, you won’t have a chance to stop. In addition, if you can accurately find all the locations of the self-destruction devices and destroy them one by one, you will have a chance to stop it.”

Xu Tui was speechless. The former was already impossible, and the latter was impossible. These self-destruction points were usually top-secret. There might be hundreds or thousands of them. It was basically impossible to find them.

It had to be said that Lei Tian was really ruthless! Even if he lost, he had to stab the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star. Moreover, the Planet X from before was clearly not simple.

At the same time, Xu Tui also contacted An Xiaoxue.

“We have not found any fatal danger here for the time being. There are no Planetary realm powerhouses. We have already captured Lei Qian and are interrogating her. This planet is called Planet Peach. It looks very suitable for human survival.” This was the message that An Xiaoxue had sent over through teleportation.

While they were communicating, the situation changed again.

On the surface, Lei Tian’s arrangements looked like he was arranging a trump card to take revenge on the Blue Star. However, in reality, it was an extremely brilliant psychological attack.

After these words, especially the self-destruction order of the forward operating base issued by Lei Tian, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star who were surrounding him immediately fell into a dilemma.

If they killed Lei Tian and the forward operating base self-destructed, their efforts today would have been in vain. Yet, they could not let him escape either. If they had the chance, they had to capture Lei Tian alive.

Moreover, Lei Tian had been in a bloody battle for a long time. He had broken out of the encirclement continuously and was injured one after another.

Anyone could tell that ??????? was already at the end of his rope.

They might be able to kill Lei Tian with the next attack.

Once Lei Tian was killed and his life aura disappeared, the self-destruction of the forward operating base would begin. This situation was something that the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star who were besieging Lei Tian were unwilling to see.

Under such circumstances, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star who were besieging Lei Tian, including Cai Shaochu, subconsciously stopped. The intensity of their attacks slowed down, and the pressure on Lei Tian was greatly reduced.

This was probably another goal of Lei Tian.

One of the attackers stopped slightly, but it did not affect Lei Tian much. However, when the dozen or so attackers reduced the intensity of their attacks at the same time, it gave Lei Tian a chance.

In an instant, the exhausted Lei Tian suddenly erupted like a lightning spear. He directly broke through the blockade of Erera and Haren. Before anyone could react, he broke through three layers of the blockade.

He would be able to escape with the last layer of the blockade of the three Planetary realm powerhouses.

Once Lei Tian escaped, not only would the forward operating base still have to self-destruct, but the consequences would be a hundred times more serious.

Once Lei Tian escaped, he would be the true nightmare of the Blue Star. It was also Xu Tui’s nightmare.

“Quick, stop him!” The Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star all exclaimed and attacked with all their might without hesitation.

The lesser of two evils! However, at this moment, Lei Tian was like a tiger out of its cage, unleashing the extreme speed of his lightning.

While the Planetary realm powerhouses were exclaiming in shock, he had already broken through the last layer of the Blue Star Planetary realm powerhouses.

Although the last level of the Blue Star Planetary realm powerhouses had sealed him off and caused him to be injured again, it was worth it as long as he escaped.

A hint of ecstasy appeared on Lei Tian’s face. At the same time, an indescribable palpitation suddenly appeared in Lei Tian’s heart. He felt a sense of danger. A small dark-colored sword appeared above Lei Tian’s head without any warning and instantly slashed in.

Lei Tian, who had broken through the blockade of more than a dozen Planetary realm powerhouses in a row, was really at the end of his rope. He was completely defenseless against this sword.

Therefore, this strike was very accurate. The moment the sword light slashed in, a thought suddenly appeared in Lei Tian’s mind. Immortal Slaying Sword.

It was the f*cking ancient Immortal Slaying Sword!

He wondered how powerful it was. Would he be destroyed by Xu Tui’s ancient Immortal Slaying Sword?

At the same time, Lei Tian felt his mental body tremble violently. His eyes instantly darkened, and the lightning around his body suddenly dissipated.

It was over…

This was Lei Tian’s last thought.

This ancient Immortal Slaying Sword could not kill him, much less make him faint like Lei Hong. However, being caught off guard by this sword could also shake his mental body for about half a second.

Half a second… @@novelbin@@

In the next moment, because Lei Tian had attacked with all his might, the attacks of the dozen or so Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star landed on Lei Tian.

Lei Tian, who had been slashed by Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword, felt his mental body tremble. The protective lightning disappeared. In an instant, he was drowned in the various supernatural being attacks of the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star.

Lei Tian, turned into ashes.

There was nothing left!

At the same time, the electronic voice of the forward operating base’s supercomputer, the Thunder Dragon, rang out. “Detected that the life force of the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian, has disappeared. According to the orders, the self-destruction program of the forward operating base has been activated! The countdown begins.” Everyone on the Blue Star Planetary realm was stunned.

Lei Tian died just like that!

The self-destruction program was activated just like that? That should not be the case. However, Lei Tian turned into ashes!

Everyone subconsciously looked at Xu Tui. Xu Tui’s attack just now had been like a stroke of genius. Without Xu Tui’s sword, Lei Tian might have successfully escaped. It was also because of this sword that Lei Tian died!

The self-destruction program of the forward operating base was activated.

The Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star who had been busy and infighting for half a day had complicated feelings. If they had known, they would not have fought innerly back then. They would have used their full strength to kill Lei Tian. It might not have been as bad as it is now!

However, most of them looked at Xu Tui with fear. This was because they had personally seen Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword.

“What are you waiting for? Run!” Xu Tui’s shout rang out at the same time..