Chapter 1233 - 1233: Chi Jing L S Action Plan

Chapter 1233: Chi Jing l s Action Plan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This was a completely red and yellow planet. If one looked down from space, they would see quicksand.

On the surface of the planet, a large area of yellow sand was swept up from time to time. It was the sand hurricane brought about by the extreme wind. At the same time, it was high -temperature.

The high temperature was brought about by the mysterious fire wall at the edge of the solar system. This was a planet that looked worthless and had an extremely harsh survival environment.

In terms of the overall environment, it was even worse than Mars. The Sanctuary Elder of the Spiritual Race, Chi Jing, suddenly appeared in a sand mountain on this planet. This was the extremely mysterious Planet X that not everyone on the forward base would know.

Below the sand mountain was a base that had been built for an unknown period of time. There were only two Transmutation Realm experts stationed in a small team of 30 people.

The moment Chi Jing appeared, a huge fire shadow appeared behind his head.

Those who were familiar with Chi Jing could tell at a glance that Chi Jing was in a state of full preparation for battle. He could unleash his strongest strength at any time.

Chi Jing felt that the worst outcome would be that Lei Tian would set up an inescapable net here to ambush him.

However, the moment he stepped in, Chi Jing froze. Other than the small team stationed there, there was no one else. There was not even the aura of a Planetary realm, let alone an ambush.

“Where’s Lei Tian?” Chi Jing frowned.

The commander stationed here forced himself to stand upright under the pressure of Chi Jing. “Please… show your identity…”

Thirty seconds later, the soldiers stationed in the base knelt down to Chi Jing. He was an elder of the Sanctuary.

“Answer me. Where’s Lei Tian?” Chi Jing was a little anxious. This situation was a little strange.

That shouldn’t be the case. If Lei Tian had not rebelled, he would have personally come to welcome him and eliminate his suspicion. He did not ambush or welcome them. What was he doing?

The commander-in-chief quickly produced a chip on the spot and handed it to Chi Jing with both hands. “Elder, Lord Lei Tian did not come over, but he sent a top-secret letter asking us to hand it over to you when you arrive. The password is a regular Level 1 password.”

Chi Jing took it and opened it with a suspicious expression. Then, his expression became more and more solemn and ugly. “Trash!”

Suddenly, Chi Jing appeared in the command center on Planet X. He used his authority as a Sanctuary Elder to forcefully take over the command center and began a series of verification.

A minute later, Chi Jing’s expression became even uglier. They had lost contact with the forward operating base of Planet Kono. It was not because there was a delay in the message, but because they had lost contact. The difference was like a hint on the phone. The former was that the number you dialed was currently on the line, while the latter was that the number you dialed was unavailable.

“Connect me to Ceres and contact Planet Charon. Use the quantum teleportation channel to establish real-time communication. I want to make an emergency contact and confirm the situation.”

While Chi Jing was anxiously waiting, he connected to Ceres and Charon through the quantum teleportation channel.

The commanders who stayed behind on Ceres and Charon were also dumbfounded.

As they had completely lost contact with Planet Kono and had detected a

strong energy fluctuation, the commanders left behind on Ceres and Charon were very flustered. They did not understand the situation of the forward operating base at all.

However, something major had definitely happened.

Since Chijing could become an elder of the Sanctuary, he was naturally

extraordinary. In his communication with the commander-in-chief of Ceres and Charon, he remotely ordered all kinds of detection, including the last message sent by Lei Tian.

Half a day later, Chi Jing basically confirmed the situation of Planet Kono’s forward operating base. He confirmed that the instructions in Lei Tian’s last letter were true.

Chi Jing’s anger was indescribable.

The Spiritual Race’s hundred years of hard work had been defeated by Lei Tian just like that!

Sixty years ago, in order to ease the pressure on the forward operating base and stop the Blue Star humans from rushing out of the solar system, the Holy Ancestor did not hesitate to take action personally. He killed the Fire God, Gavro, with a finger through the high-temperature fire wall of the solar system and severely defeated the Blue Star humans. @@novelbin@@

Over the years, the forward operating base in the eyes of the Sanctuary had steadily advanced step by step, steadily weakening the strength of the Blue Star humans. They kept exploring the solar system and searching for the secrets of the Blue Star humans’ inheritance.

At that time, they would destroy the secret of the Blue Star’s inheritance and completely capture the Blue Star.

Under normal circumstances, this step would be completed in the next 20 years. But now, it was suddenly all gone!

The forward operating base had been destroyed.

More than 80% of the Planetary realm powerhouses that belonged to the forward operating base were killed or captured. Among the vassal races, the Mechanical Spirit Race was directly wiped out.

Previously, the Sanctuary had sent him over because they thought that Lei Tian had lived in the solar system for a long time and had the intention to be independent.

However, the problem now was that the Spiritual Race was about to be chased out of the solar system by the Blue Star humans.

As an elder of the Sanctuary, Chi Jing had a clearer understanding of this than Lei Tian.

They could not give the humans of the Blue Star a chance to develop.

Once they were given a chance to develop, they would expand like a virus, especially since there were some mysterious inheritances of the Blue Star humans in the solar system.

Including the high-temperature fire wall of the solar system, it was actually an extremely powerful protection for the Blue Star.

Without the high-temperature fire wall, there would have been all kinds of energy storms in the solar system. Under the influence of all kinds of ultra -long-range radiation, with the weak life form of the Blue Star humans, the Blue Star humans would have been wiped out long ago without the intervention of the Spiritual Race.

However, this illogical solar system’s high-temperature fire wall existed to protect the Blue Star humans.

It was mysterious and terrifying! Even the Holy Ancestor could not forcefully pass through the solar system’s high-temperature fire wall.

There were too many mysteries on the Blue Star that the Spiritual Race still did not understand. He had to step onto the Blue Star as the owner. This was the highest order of the Holy Ancestor!

In half a day, the Planetary realm powerhouses brought by Chi Jing had all arrived at Planet X.

In order to pass through the solar system’s High-Temperature Fire Wall, the quantum teleportation channel between Planet X and Planet Y was built with a quantum array core that could teleport people across galaxies.

Quantum stability had greatly increased, and the restrictions on the passage of Planetary realm powerhouses had greatly decreased.

Under normal circumstances, one Planetary realm powerhouse could pass through in an hour. This time, Chi Jing brought a total of seven Planetary realm powerhouses. Including him, there were a total of eight.

Every one of them was an expert.

However, when Lei Tian was at his peak, more than 40 Planetary realm powerhouses had served him. They had all been destroyed by the Blue Star, causing the forward operating base to self-destruct.

Although Chi Jing was very confident in himself and the power he brought, the difference in numbers was here. It was not something that could be easily made up for.

It was inevitable to ask for help from the Sanctuary. However, the Spiritual Race’s mother planet was extremely far away from here. Just receiving their communication would take months. It would take more than a year or even longer for everything to go smoothly when reinforcements were sent.

How much would the Blue Star humans grow in a year or two? Moreover, the Sanctuary might not be able to mobilize a large number of people to help.

The battle over there was also very tense.

“We have to stop the expansion of the Blue Star humans! We have to continuously weaken the power of the Blue Star humans! We have to interfere with the development of the Blue Star humans! And we have to preserve our own power.”

Soon, Chi Jing formulated four action plans for himself and began to study the action plan carefully. A day later, he slowly stood up with his two trusted subordinates, Feng Gu and Chi Wuxun, who had deduced and studied the scorching scene hundreds of times.

“Then follow the plan.”

“Elder, you give the order. Only your elder rights can give such an order, ” Feng Gu said.

“Mm.” Half an hour later, Chi Jing, who had connected Planet Charon, gave the most important and milestone order in his life. “Planet Charon, give up on defense on all fronts and turn off all kinds of detectors. All troops, retreat to Ceres within 48 hours.”

This order was only carried out after the commander of Planet Charon confirmed the identity of Chi Jing.

“Order Ceres to pass through the public broadcast channel and inform the Great Xi Clan about the destruction of the forward operating base.”

A series of orders were personally given by Chi Jing.

“Since Fathead has become a Ram, I’ll find you a few more ferocious beasts to play with…” Chi Jing sneered as he gave the order..