Chapter 1237 - 1237: Captured

Chapter 1237: Captured

On Planet Liuxia, a ball of light suddenly appeared and crashed into the middle of the mountain in the north.

Boom!

A small mountain collapsed on the spot, and dust soared into the sky.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui, who was dizzy and had ringing ears, staggered out of the dust with Yanzi. His face was dark, and his right arm was bent in an abnormal manner. He had a fracture.

Yin Liu and Yin Ba also pulled themselves out of the mountain with some difficulty. The energy around their bodies flickered as they repaired their slightly deformed bodies with difficulty. Yin Sanping, Yin Wushu, and Yin Liulong, the three quasi-planets, were about to fall into a pancake.

The vital point of the Mechanical Spirit Race was the energy core in their bodies. As long as there was energy, the shapeshift of their bodies could be easily repaired. If it were a human, they would have lost half their lives.

Xu Tui was alert. He instantly activated the Vajra Set. In an emergency, he pulled Yanzi over and covered her with the Vajra Set. The consequence was that Xu Tui’s right arm was fractured. He could only gasp and treat himself.

Fortunately, Yanzi was fine. Xu Tui estimated that if he had not pulled just now, Yanzi would have become like Bu Qingqiu. Her chest would have become flat. As for how badly she was injured, it was hard to say.

“Squeak if you’re still alive,” Xu Tui shouted angrily at Lavis.

“My dear Xu… I’m sorry… The distance is wrong, and the warp point is not accurate… But I’m still alive… Can you… help me?

Xu Tui spread out his mind power and saw Lavis’s difficult situation.

Lavis was nailed into the mountain like a sharpened awl. He struggled with all his might, but he could not break free. Fortunately, the physical instincts of the Great Xi Clan were extremely powerful. Otherwise, they would have been finished by this collision.

Xu Tui was about to use his mind power to pull Lavis out when he suddenly saw Ah Huang teleport over. The moment he landed, Xu Tui had already placed the unmanned reconnaissance aircraft in the sky and let Ah Huang control it.

A circle of light was rushing over at high speed from afar.

“It might be the defense forces of Planet Liuxia. The commotion of the mountain just now attracted their attention,” Ah Huang analyzed.

“Just nice.” After taking a look, Xu Tui suddenly asked Ah Huang to put away the drone. Then, he got the others to retreat and hide their auras. “Lavis, be the bait and magnify your energy fluctuations a little to hide the energy fluctuations of the others.”

Even if Yin Ba and Yin Liu restrained their auras, they could not completely hide their auras. If the other party had powerful mind power, they would be able to discover Yin Ba and Yin Liu.

At this moment, Xu Tui was a little envious of Old Cai’s Formula. It was really practical. He regretted not completing Old Cai’s homework properly.

Five minutes later, five fighter jets arrived. They were the standard Hunter fighter jets of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The Mechanical Spirit Race’s standard hunter fighter jets were basically supplied by the Mechanical Spirit Race with the technological equipment of the various races under the Spiritual Race.

Under normal circumstances, coming over on a fighter jet meant that there were no Planetary realm powerhouses or even quasi-planetary powerhouses in this team.

If he was in the Planetary realm, he would definitely fly over himself. That would be much faster than a fighter jet.

Fifty kilometers away, Xu Tui observed this scene through the Origin Crystal powder that he had planted into the mental magnetic pillar. A total of 15 alien species descended from the five fighter jets, led by a guy who looked like a Spiritual Race member, he was at the Transmutation Realm.

The others were mainly from the Dissimilate Clan, the Fission Race, and the

Mechanical Spirit Race. They were mainly at the Evolution Realm.

These people were attracted by Lavis, who was nailed into the mountain. Because of his struggle, Lavis’ aura was as bright as the moon at this moment.

“Take action. Capture those from the Mechanical Spirit Race and the leader of the Spiritual Race alive. As for the rest, do as you please. Yin Sanping, destroy the aircraft.”

Almost the moment Xu Tui gave the order, a few streams of light instantly flashed from all directions. The expression of the Spiritual Race leader instantly became terrified.

The aura of a Planetary realm powerhouse! However, before he could panic, he fainted the moment he saw a sword light.

Xu Tui’s mental whip knocked him out. He did not even dare to use his mental hammer. With his powerful mind power, he was afraid that he would hammer this guy into an idiot or explode him. The five energy chains landed on the Hunter fighter jet. Under the energy impact, the Hunter fighter jet landed on the ground.

At the same time, Yin Ba and Yin Liu had already dealt with the other alien species like ghosts. Other than a total of three Mechanical Spirit Race members, no one else was left alive.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He directly used his spiritual radiation to investigate a portion of the information in the mind of the unconscious Transmutation Realm Spirit.

Ah Huang had already entered the data center of the captured Hunter fighter jets. In an instant, Ah Huang took over the five Hunter fighter jets.

Ah Huang was too familiar with this thing. There was even a production line on Planet Spirit. Although the Hunter fighter jets here had been modified to a certain extent, it was no different from defenseless to Ah Huang. Information about technological products was the most developed.

It was also very tricky to trick the enemy.

The speed at which Ah Huang controlled the five Hunter fighter jets could be said to be extremely fast, and its methods were extremely brilliant. He controlled these five fighter jets without changing the authentication of the five hunter fighter jets.

As a result, the five fighter jets were still in the data system of the command center on Planet Liuxia. However, their owner had become Ah Huang, or rather, Xu Tui.

The command center of Planet Liuxia did not notice any problems here.

Xu Tui’s movements were too fast.

In 30 seconds, all the problems were resolved.

On the other hand, Ah Huang had already obtained the basic information about Planet Liuxia through the fighter jet’s data center and sent it to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui took a look, but he frowned slightly. “Is there no information on the location of the quantum teleportation channel on Planet Liuxia?”

There was an external quantum teleportation channel on Planet Liuxia that communicated with Ceres. The reason why Xu Tui went through so much trouble was that he wanted to first find the external quantum teleportation channel of Planet Liuxia and seal or destroy it.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would have benefited the others once the experts of Blue

Star discovered the quantum teleportation channel after capturing Ceres Star.

Counting the days, the Blue Star would capture Ceres Star in these few days. Moreover, he could not let the commander of Planet Liuxia ask for help from Ceres Star.

Once such a request for help happened, the command center of Ceres would definitely record it.

With the power of the Blue Star’s attack this time and the weak defense of

Ceres, they would definitely be able to take down the command center of Ceres. At that time, as long as they discovered this record, Planet Liuxia would appear in the vision of the Blue Star.

Therefore, Xu Tui wanted to control the quantum teleportation channel of Planet Liuxia today.

“There are no such bases in the data. However, there are a total of 34 Spiritual Embodiment Base on Planet Liuxia, from Number One to Number 34. However, it’s not clear where the temporary commander’s base is. However, Base 7 is very special,” Ah Huang said.

“How is it special?”

“The data obtained through the fighter jet connection shows that the various resources on Planet Liuxia, including supplies, are centered on Base 7,” Ah Huang said.

“Give me the location of Base 7,” Xu Tui said.

“We can arrive at Base 7 in an hour on their Hunter fighter jet.”

Xu Tui looked at Yin Liu and Yin Ba. The two of them instantly fused.

Thirty seconds later, Yin Sanping and Yin Wushu were left behind to slowly advance with the captives and the fighter jets. Xu Tui, Yanzi, Yin Liulong, Yin Ba, and Yin Liu charged toward Base 7 at high speed.

Such an abnormal energy fluctuation would definitely be discovered by the detection equipment of Base 7. It would even be discovered by most of the detectors on Planet Liuxia and enter a state of full vigilance.

However, Xu Tui was no longer the Xu Tui who had participated in the space invasion a year ago.

They arrived at Base 7 in less than 20 minutes.

Due to the detection of extremely powerful energy fluctuations, the energy defense of Base 7 had already been activated. Furthermore, the automatic defense arms had also entered a state.

Not only that, but the defensive forces of Base 7 also appeared in combat positions, including the temporary commander of Planet Liuxia.

Why was he called the temporary commander? More than half of the defense forces on Planet Liuxia had been transferred away by Lei Tian two months ago.

Only a quasi-planet of the Fission Race was left behind to guard it as the temporary commander. However, the person who really had the right to command was the Spiritual Race member that Xu Tui had captured.

Even though they had long noticed Xu Tui’s group of invaders, the guards of Base 7 were extremely nervous.

They had to be nervous about two planetary realm experts.

Xu Tui and the others were not too far away. They stopped five kilometers away. At this distance, even if Base 7 fired a chain of mid-micro particle bombs, they would have time to react. “Sir, I know the commander of the Fission Race.”

“You know?”

“Diqi Linhu of the Fission Race, a quasi-planet. I’ve seen him a few times in the past,” Yin Liu said.

“Let’s see if we can recruit him.”

“Alright, Sir.” Yin Liu stepped forward and carefully shouted, “Diqi Linhu, Lei Tian is dead. Now, we’re here to capture Planet Liuxia. Surrender!”

Diqi Linhu’s Spirit fluctuated, but he still shouted, “Yin Liu, you traitor, stop talking nonsense here! Lord Lei Tian died in battle? It was impossible even when the solar system was destroyed! Yin Liu, it’s not too late for you to surrender now. Otherwise, I’ll immediately inform Ceres and get Lord Lei Tian to capture you alive…”

It was also at this moment that a small golden sword strangely appeared above Diqi Linhu’s head and instantly slashed in.

Diqi Linhu did not have the time to react. His body swayed and he fell to the ground, no longer breathing.

Small God Slaying Sword.

Energy Teleportation in the quantum entanglement state!

He killed him with one strike.

Yin Liu’s pupils constricted slightly. He turned around and looked at Xu Tui. His eyes were filled with reverence. His master was getting more and more terrifying. He had killed a quasi-planetary expert with a single strike from five kilometers awav and the base’s enerzv protection shield. @@novelbin@@

It was so amazing!

“Ask the next person if he wants to surrender. If he doesn’t, we’ll attack forcefully!” Xu Tui gave a direct order.

Thirty seconds later, after the deaths of the three temporary commanders, the energy protection shield of Base 7 dissipated..