Chapter 1238 - 1238: Collapse And Reinforcements Information

Chapter 1238: Collapse and Reinforcements Information @@novelbin@@

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The battlefield command system implemented by the Spiritual Race was rather similar to that of the Blue Star humans in some places.

For example, the succession system after the death of the battlefield commander.

Succession was based on military rank, qualifications, and cultivation. If the commander died in battle, the person with the highest military rank would succeed him. If two people had the same military rank, the one with the most experience would win.

Xu Tui had used the Small God Slaying Sword to kill four temporary commanders who had succeeded according to the wartime rules. The fifth temporary commander had surrendered.

However, the surrender of the fifth temporary commander was not entirely out of fear. It was because the fifth temporary commander was from the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Yin Liu and Yin Ba, who were beside Xu Tui, were Planetary realm elders of the Mechanical Spirit Race. They naturally surrendered. It was a Mechanical Spirit Race member at the Transmutation Realm called Yin Erwei.

Under his orders, Base 7 surrendered on the spot. Of course, a small number of garrison troops had different opinions, but they were killed on the spot by Yin Qi’s. Xu Tui and the others had to cooperate.

This matter made Xu Tui suddenly realize that any Planetary realm powerhouse of the race had a huge influence on the non-planetary realms of the race, whether they were familiar with each other or not. He had two Planetary realm experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race under him. The benefits were obvious now.

If he captured a Planetary realm expert from the Dissimilate Clan or the Fission Race, it might have a similar effect in the future.

It could be foreseen that in the next few years, the most the Blue Star humans would do was digest and absorb the power left behind in the solar system by the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

“Yin Erwei, if you order the other 33 bases on Planet Liuxia to surrender as the temporary commander, how confident are you?” Xu Tui asked.

Yin Erwei, who had just surrendered, was very reserved. He could not help but look at Yin Liu and Yin Ba when he heard Xu Tui’s question.

“This Lord Xu Tui is the Lord we are loyal to. He will also be the target of your loyalty in the future. Answer whatever questions he asks. Be honest. Do your job well. Lord Xu Tui will not treat you badly, ” Yin Liu said.

“Sir, it’s like this. I’m only a temporary commander on the battlefield. My authority and prestige are not enough. There will definitely be many people who are not convinced by me. If I give the order to surrender, only a portion of the bases might carry it out.

“Moreover, if I gave the order to surrender on the public channel, some people might join forces to object. I don’t know how many bases can surrender.” The answer of Yin Erwei was pertinent and suited the situation.

“Is Base 7 the main base of Planet Liuxia? Is the main command center here?

AISO, meres a quantum teleportation cnannel lor external transportation on Planet Liuxia. Do you know the location?” Xu Tui asked.

“Sir, Base 7 is the main base of Planet Liuxia. The commander usually guards this place, so the command center here should be the main command center, right? I know that there is a quantum teleportation channel for external transportation on Planet Liuxia, but I don’t know where it is,” Yin Erwei said.

“Under normal circumstances, he is already the temporary commander of Planet Liuxia. In that case, there should be the location of the quantum teleportation channel or even access rights in the temporary commander rights. However, he just took over as the temporary commander and doesn’t know.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

Ah Huang had copied 71% of the information from the command center of the forward operating base at Planet Kono. It could be said that it was a Spiritual Race member.

“Bring it to your command center. Then, transfer your temporary commander rights to it,” Xu Tui said as he pointed at Ah Huang.

Yin Erwei nodded quickly, but his expression was a little strange.

This was because Ah Huang was a very strange human-shaped creation.

The metal light on its body had the mixed characteristics of the Great Xi Clan and the Mechanical Spirit Race. However, it was not the extremely large bodies of the Great Xi Clan and the Mechanical Spirit Race.

It was 1.55 meters tall. It was considered short even among the Blue Star humans. However, its chest looked taller and bulging.

Yin Erwei did not understand what was the point of such a big chest. Even if he wanted to increase his defense and deflecting power, this oval shape should cover his entire chest and abdomen, not just his chest.

In Yin Erwei’s opinion, that was a completely unnecessary appearance.

Fortunately, Ah Huang did not have Xu Tui’s powerful mind power. Otherwise, it would have exploded in anger before it could do anything.

Due to the authorization of the temporary commander of Yin Erwei, 30 seconds later, Ah Huang openly took over the command center of Base 7. Or rather, Ah Huang had become the actual controller of the command centers of the various bases on Planet Liuxia.

As long as Ah Huang gave the order, it could paralyze any base on the spot.

“I found it. The quantum teleportation channel on Planet Liuxia is in the secret base below Base 7.” Soon, Ah Huang gave Xu Tui what he wanted.

“What state is it in?”

“It’s currently closed, but Ceres Star has the authority to activate it.”

“Let’s go. Lead the way. I’ll turn it off completely.” However, Xu Tui gave another order before he headed to the underground of Base 7 to close the external quantum teleportation channel. ‘Yin Ba, Lavis, guard this place and be on guard. Yin Liu, bring Yin Sanping, Yin Wushu, Yin Liulong, and Yin Erwei to go to the bases with Base 7 as the center.

“After you go over, get Yin Erwei to order the base to surrender with his status as the temporary commander. If they don’t surrender, Yin Liu, you should understand what to do. Ah Huang will cooperate with you,” Xu Tui said.

“Sir, don’t worry. I understand. I definitely won’t let the commanders of the other bases have the chance to destroy the spirit colony species in the base. At the same time, we will try our best to obtain the active power of the base. After all, we don’t have many people at the moment. In addition, I will immediately seal the warehouse and various information of the target base and let Lord Ah Huang take over,” Yin Liu said.

This made Xu Tui nod in satisfaction. It was so easy to talk to smart people. With just one sentence, Yin Liu could understand all aspects.

Planet Liuxia was the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Embodiment Base. The Spiritual Embodiment-type of this Spiritual Embodiment Base was actually the Blue Star Humans that he had seen on the resource planet.

That’s right. Up until now, both the Blue Star and Xu Tui had called the creatures that they had discovered on the resource planet the Blue Star

Humans.

The humans of the Blue Star were proud. Be it psychologically or in other aspects, they could not accept that their species had become a Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Embodiment and a pig-like species.

Therefore, they temporarily called this controlled species humans of the Blue Star.

According to the data Ah Huang had obtained from the command center of Base 7, there were a total of 1,300 Blue Star people in Base 7. As for the other 33 bases, the number of Spiritual Embodiments ranged from 800 to 1,500.

Similarly, every base had a spiritual chamber.

This spiritual chamber should store the spirits that had been collected, which was where the Silver Box of Spirit was stored. However, the authority to enter this spiritual chamber was extremely high. The commander of Planet Liuxia did not have the authority to enter at all.

He needed multi-factor authentication if he wanted to enter.

Only a higher-up like Lei Tian had the possibility of entering.

Ah Huang had already begun to crack it, but the possibility of cracking it without any damage was relatively low.

This was different from the Spiritual Chamber of the Mechanical Spirit Race. The Mechanical Spirit Race had a very single biological characteristic, but the biological characteristics of the Spiritual Race were very awesome.

Based on Ah Huang’s current discovery, the spiritual chamber of the main base required three types of biological verification information.

They were iris, full genetic information, and full species information.

In layman’s terms, it was an eye scan, a blood test, and a physical scan. It was very difficult to achieve such a verification method purely with computer technology. Especially since the control system in the spiritual chamber was independent.

Fortunately, based on the current situation, Ah Huang had a lot of time. He could slowly grind it down.

Base 7 had two layers of space underground.

The first floor was storage, but the other floor belonged to the forbidden area of Base 7. Other than the commander, no one else was qualified to enter. According to the information obtained from the command center of Base 7, the quantum teleportation channel for external communication on Planet Liuxia was here.

The quantum teleportation channel that was used to communicate with the outside world on Planet Liuxia was firstly because it was confidential, and secondly, because it was usually silently closed. It was usually activated every three months.

However, Planet Liuxia and Ceres Star had the right to activate it.

Xu Tui saw the quantum teleportation channel when he stepped into the ground. It was only flickering with a faint light and was in a dormant state. As long as he released enough Origin Crystals and used his mind power to vibrate, he would be able to activate it.

Xu Tui did not look much. He used his mind power to isolate the connection between the quantum teleportation tunnel and the earth vein underground. Then, his mind power continuously vibrated and consumed the remaining energy.

Three minutes later, the quantum teleportation channel that connected to Ceres gradually dissipated. With enough time, it was still very easy to destroy this semi-hibernating quantum teleportation channel. He could only use violence to destroy the activated quantum teleportation channel.

“Yanzi, help me stand guard.”

“Alright.”

Xu Tui took out a quantum array core and used his mind power to control it to fly to the original location. Xu Tui scattered the 3,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Then, he carefully used the quantum array core to provide energy and search for the quantum entanglement wave.

Half an hour later, the light trembled slightly. A very small quantum vortex instantly took shape. This made Xu Tui’s eyes light up.

It was done.

It seemed that there were no problems with Xiaoxue.

According to the agreement between An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue would use the first quantum array core on Planet Peach immediately. After Xu Tui’s time and location were suitable, he could use a quantum array core to build a quantum teleportation channel at any time to communicate with them.

It seemed that there were no problems with An Xiaoxue.

However, the quantum teleportation channel had just been connected. Xu Tui had used 3,000 grams of Origin Crystals to inject into the quantum teleportation channel. It was constantly expanding the vortex of the quantum teleportation channel.

It would take at least three hours.

Three hours later, the quantum teleportation channel would be completely formed and reach a stable state. Then, it would undergo a full load of teleportation.

Xu Tui had to wait. However, he could not wait long. He wrote a letter and sealed it. He sent it over through the newly formed quantum teleportation vortex.

It had no problems teleporting an item. He waited for about 20 minutes. Just as Xu Tui was feeling anxious, he suddenly received a reply.

It was An Xiaoxue’s reply. However, the content of the reply was a secret message that the two of them had used to confirm their identities.

After sending another letter to confirm, An Xiaoxue sent another letter. The contents of the letter shocked Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, immediately contact the higher-ups of the Blue Star or Cai Shaochu and tell him to be careful of the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements. The Spiritual Race has reinforcements arriving in the solar system. The leader might be a

Sanctuary elder of the Spiritual Race!”

This content shocked Xu Tui. He quickly asked, “Where are the reinforcements of the Spiritual Race?”

“I don’t know either. There’s definitely no problem with the information provided by Lei Qian. However, she really doesn’t know where it is. It might be on Planet X, Ceres, Charon, or even Planet Kono!”

Xu Tui instantly felt his entire body turn cold when he received the information again.

Under such circumstances, how could he warn them?