Chapter 1243 - 1243: Ultimate Authorization And Uninvited Guest

Chapter 1243: Ultimate Authorization and Uninvited Guest

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Suppress and guard the seal!”

Even with Xu Tui’s composure, he could not help but be extremely shocked when Lei Qian said those words.

Suppress and guard the seal. This was too f*cking fantasy. Xu Tui felt that he was listening to a novel. What he had experienced since he was young was a scientific world, but now…

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s shock turned into a bitter smile.

Nothing was impossible. He had seen so many supernatural abilities that he could actually use them on legendary immortal techniques. However, the elites who had received modern scientific education stubbornly defined these magical abilities as supernatural beings.

In that case, it was not strange for them to suppress and guard the seal.

“What’s down there that requires your Spiritual Race to build a base to suppress and guard it?” Xu Tui asked.

This time, Lei Qian, who was carrying the child, shook her head. “I don’t know what it is exactly.”

Xu Tui raised his brows, and his expression darkened. Could they work together properly? They were not cooperating at the start.

“I really don’t know the details. Not to mention me, even the commander-in-chief, Lei Tian, doesn’t know. The order Lei Tian received was to maintain the original state of his predecessor and continue to guard and suppress it. If there are any abnormalities inside, report it to the Sanctuary immediately,” Lei Qian said.

Xu Tui was a little confused when he heard that. “Continue to guard and suppress it?”

“That’s right. Lei Tian was not the first commander-in-chief of the forward operating base. When he came, the deepest level of the underground existed.

“Lei Tian was also very curious about this. He had once gotten someone to study it and questioned about it. He wanted to Imow what was suppressed at the deepest level of the forward operating base.

“He still hasn’t found an answer, but it’s said that the thing suppressed at the deepest level of the forward operating base is greatly related to the Blue Star humans. It’s very important,” Lei Qian said.

Xu Tui had a strange expression. He had only entered the second level of the most mysterious three levels underground of the forward operating base. He did not discover a tunnel to the first level.

And Lei Qian said that the seal in the deepest part of the underground of the forward operating base was closely related to the Blue Star humans? Was he an expert from the Blue Star? Or what?

At that moment, the first person Xu Tui thought of was Cheng Fengxi, the founder of genetic ancient martial arts.

Cheng Fengxi had died, but the official record was that he had disappeared from the asteroid belt. No one had personally witnessed his death. Could he be suppressed here?

Xu Tui’s imagination ran wild. Suddenly, his expression became strange. “That’s not right. After the forward operating base activated the self-destruction level, thousands of intermediate particle bombs exploded. The entire forward operating base became ruins. Then the deepest seal underground would have been destroyed long ago. The seal would have been broken long ago,” Xu Tui said in confusion. “It won’t.” Lei Qian was very determined.

“Why do you say that?”

“The underground seal on the lowest level of the forward operating base is extremely strong and difficult to destroy. Moreover, when the mid-micro particle chain bombs of the forward operating base self-destruct, they have a direction to erupt with power. They can’t be destroyed, ” Lei Qian said.

“You really don’t know what’s suppressed inside? Has Lei Tian never explored it?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“Lei Tian is very curious and wants to explore, but he doesn’t have the chance. It’s sealed too tightly! If Lei Tian wants to go down, he has to destroy the forward operating base and change its location. Moreover, before we came, the Sanctuary deliberately instructed Lei Tian not to be curious!” Lei Qian said. Xu Tui frowned. “Do you know how to break it? Do you know the consequences?”

“I don’t know, but judging from the structure of the building, a third of the materials inside are shield -proof and energy-shielded. If one wanted to break it, he would probably have to break it with force. However, I don’t know what the consequences will be. In any case, it will definitely be a consequence that the Spiritual Race is unwilling to see,” Lei Qian said.

Xu Tui looked at Lei Qian. Judging from the results of the spiritual resonance, what Lei Qian said was true. However, if he wanted to confirm that it was true, he had to start with other information. He would know when he saw if the Spiritual Race had any reinforcements.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of something else.

“Do you know about Planet Liuxia?” Xu Tui asked.

“I know. This is our Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Growth Planet, and is considered a relatively good Spiritual Growth Planet. The survival rate of the humans on it is above 85%.” Lei Qian was very familiar with this.

“Do you have the rights to the Spiritual Embodiment Center on Planet Liuxia?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes.” Lei Qian did not hesitate.

“Can you open it?”

“Yes! If you need it, I can directly give you the ultimate rights of the Spiritual Planet to you.” As soon as she finished speaking, Lei Qian was stunned. “The command center of the forward operating base has been destroyed. It might not be able to be handed over.

“However, I can still hand over the ultimate rights to a single Spiritual Planet to you. The prerequisite is that we have to reach Planet Liuxia,” Lei Qian said.

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes when he heard that. Lei Qian looked very sincere. In the next moment, Xu Tui made an inviting gesture. “Let’s go then.” “Go? Where are we going?” Lei Qian was a little puzzled.

“To Planet Liuxia, of course.”

A hint of surprise flashed in Lei Qian’s eyes. “I can go to the Liuxia Planet, but the battleship has to provide a good life-support system. I also have to bring some food. My child…”

“There’s no need. We’ll go through the quantum teleportation channel.”

Lei Qian was stunned again. “Where did you get the quantum array core?” “Is that something you can ask?

“Ah Huang, take over the entire Peach Base. Miss Bu, you stay on duty first. Xiaoxue and I will go over first,” Xu Tui ordered.

A minute later, Xu Tui, Lei Qian, and An Xiaoxue passed through the quantum teleportation channel and returned to Planet Liuxia. They appeared under Base 7.

Xu Tui did not waste any time when he arrived at Base 7. He brought Lei Qian to the command center of Base 7.

Lei Qian was a sensible person. She directly used biological information to verify it and pulled out the ultimate authority of Base 7. Then, she got Xu Tui to record the biological information in front of him. She then handed the ultimate authority over to Xu Tui.

The ultimate authority that was handed over to Xu Tui was the ultimate authority of the entire Liuxia Planet, not the ultimate authority of Base 7.

Xu Tui, who had just obtained the ultimate rights to Planet Liuxia, arrived in front of the spiritual chamber of Base 7. He scanned his eyes and blood, and the door to the spiritual chamber opened.

There were 15 silver boxes at the end of the complicated equipment, wiring, and terminal. From the looks of it, there were very few spirits accumulated in the silver box. However, that was not what Xu Tui cared about.

“Can I remove the control over the Humans of the Spiritual Embodiment and let them regain their freedom?” Xu Tui asked Lei Qian.

Lei Qian was stunned. “I really don’t know about that. These Spiritual Humans have never been liberated except for those who died. I’m not sure.” Xu Tui looked over. Lei Qian added, “I really don’t know about that. I only have authority. Usually, Lei Tian is the one who takes care of this place.” “Then who sold the Blue Star Humans here to you?” Xu Tui asked again.

“Of course it’s someone from the Blue Star.”

“Who is it?”

Lei Qian was stunned for a moment before shaking her head again. “I know this too. These transactions are not recorded in the data center because we can’t let the other party discover our Spiritual Planet. Every time, Lei Tian will send someone to a far place to pick them up and then return. I can’t control this kind of field work. I can’t control it even if I want to.”

Xu Tui frowned. There did not seem to be a problem with Lei Qian’s explanation. Taking a step back, since Lei Qian had handed over her ultimate rights of Planet Liuxia to him, there was no need to lie about this.

“You want to find out who this group of people is?” Lei Qian was someone who had been the second-in-command of the staff officers and was extremely sensitive to these things.

Xu Tui nodded.

“Actually, it’s not difficult. There are more than 10,000 people trading every time. This requires more than three super-large transport ships or medium-sized transport ships. It happens once or twice a year. If you can get the data on the entry and exit of the Blue Star, it won’t be difficult to check,” Lei Qian said.

Xu Tui nodded. He had to investigate this matter. When it stabilized, he still had to make a trip to Planet Kono. Xu Tui wanted to know what was suppressed and sealed by the Spiritual Race underground.

At this point, Xu Tui had already obtained the ultimate rights to the Spiritual Cultivation Center of Base 7. In theory, Xu Tui could give an order to the Spiritual Cultivation Center to remove the control.

However, Xu Tui did not understand what state they would be in when he removed the control.

He needed to try it out first.

Xu Tui was prepared to find one or two Blue Star Humans who had been colonized from the Spiritual Cultivation Center and try to remove the control. He would see what the situation was before deciding what to do.

In the command center, Yin Ba was looking at the screen in front of him nervously. “Sir, the reconnaissance radar of Base 7 has discovered a fleet and is quickly arriving at our Planet Liuxia. They are expected to arrive on Planet Liuxia in six hours.”

Xu Tui nodded and looked at the results of the investigation. Currently, he was too far away and did not have much concrete information. However, who would send a fleet at this time? The exploration team of the Blue Star humans should not be that fast, right? @@novelbin@@

Of course, it was also possible.

Otherwise, under the current circumstances, other than the large number of exploration teams from Planet Kono, the other teams should not be able to reach Planet Liuxia.

Xu Tui would not be afraid at all if it was a Blue Star exploration team. The exploration team of the Blue Star only had more people and did not have much strength. It was fine as long as this visitor was not the Spiritual Race reinforcements that Lei Qian had mentioned.

If that was the case, Xu Tui had no choice but to run.

“Order Yin Liu to hurry up and receive the other Spiritual Growth Base on Planet Liuxia. Yin Ba, you go too. I’ll use my ultimate authority to cooperate with you. Everyone, gather five hours later.”

There was nothing wrong with being careful when the enemy’s situation was unknown.

With the cooperation of Xu Tui’s ultimate rights, the Spiritual Embodiment Base was quickly controlled one after another. Five hours later, the fleet got closer and closer. The data scanned by the quantum radar on Planet Liuxia also became more and more detailed.

Xu Tui’s expression also became serious. There were at least three Planetary realm fluctuations!

Three Planetary realm powerhouses!

Which side was it from?