Chapter 1244 - 1244: Chance And Exchange For Some Comradeship

Chapter 1244: Chance and Exchange for Some Comradeship

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As this unknown fleet approached, all kinds of reconnaissance and remote sensing equipment on Planet Liuxia appeared. More and more information was obtained, and the energy fluctuations detected became stronger.

There were at least three Planetary realm experts and five quasi-planetary experts.

This was a very powerful force. Xu Tui had to be careful.

Currently, Xu Tui has two Planetary realm experts by his side. Yin Liu and Yin Ba had average combat strength.

Lavis was at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. However, with the powerful physical body of the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan, he could withstand a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Yet, he could only take it head-on. It was almost impossible to win. In fact, although Yin Liu and Yin Ba were in the Planetary realm, their combat strength was indeed considerable. They could only withstand other Planetary realms.

The external forces were Yin Sanping, Yin Wushu, Yin Liulong, An Xiaoxue, and Yanzi. If the data obtained from the reconnaissance did not make a huge mistake, he would be able to deal with the worst-case scenario. Xu Tui himself was the key to winning.

As long as there were no ridiculously powerful Planetary realm powerhouses, there would be no problems.

Xu Tui had been hesitating if he should call Bu Qingqiu back.

Bu Qingqiu was also at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. Her combat strength was very strong. However, after much consideration, Xu Tui still gave in and allowed Qingqiu to stay on Planet Peach.

Planet Peach was their last way out at this moment. Someone had to guard it. If this fleet was the reinforcement of the Spiritual Race, Xu Tui would have chosen to retreat to Planet Peach immediately even if their strength was equal.

There was still a huge difference between Planetary realm powerhouses.

“Sir, do we need to prepare to attack?” Yin Ba asked as he watched the fleet get closer and closer on the light screen.

Xu Tui was still hesitating. This was because he could not figure out the origins of this fleet. Spiritual Race, Spiritual Race reinforcements, or the Blue Star humans?

“The fighter jet they are riding is the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Hunter fighter jet. This kind of fighter jet is very common in the solar system. Of course, because of the defeat of the Spiritual Race, the Blue Star humans must have obtained a lot. Therefore, their identities can’t be confirmed.”

The person who spoke was Lei Qian, who was carrying the child. “I think you can try communicating first?”

“Communication?” Xu Tui frowned. He did not understand.

“We can confirm their identities through the communication device! Moreover, for now, we should be able to tell if it’s the remaining forces of the Spiritual Race, the Blue Star humans, or the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements,” Lei Qian said. @@novelbin@@

“That’s true. Ah Huang, use the name of the command center to ask and warn them.” Lei Qian’s method was easy and practical.

Of course, it was not that Xu Tui and the others had not thought of it. It was just that their positions were different.

Lei Qian thought from the perspective of the controller of Planet Liuxia, while Xu Tui and the others thought from the perspective of the person who had just captured Planet Liuxia.

Soon, there was a reply.

“Call the commander of Planet Liuxia out to confirm his identity. We are the Diwu Hui of the Fission Race. We have been ordered to retreat from Ceres Star and are temporarily retreating to Planet Liuxia to rest. Please provide us with supplies and Origin Crystals for restoration.”

The other party’s response made Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and the others look at each other. It was not what they had imagined at all, much less the powerful Spiritual Race reinforcements that they were worried about.

It was actually the defeated army of the Spiritual Race.

Previously, in the battle at the forward operating base of Planet Kono, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race who participated in the battle were not completely wiped out.

This was especially so after Lei Tian foolishly used an indiscriminate firepower attack tactic. Many Planetary realm experts from the Dissimilate Clan and the Fission Race fled or surrendered, directly causing a huge defeat.

Diwu Hui and the others had probably escaped at that time or were the remaining ones.

Moreover, Xu Tui thought of another possibility.

Back then, the Mechanical Spirit Race had hidden their power. In that case, would the Dissimilate Clan and the Fission Race, which were also vassal races, also have hidden power?

That was very likely.

However, now that he confirmed that the attacker was a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Fission Race, the pressure in Xu Tui’s heart was gone.

The Planetary realm powerhouses of the Fission Race were only slightly stronger than the Mechanical Spirit Race. Under such circumstances, it would be very easy for Xu Tui and the others to deal with this team.

With Xu Tui around, at most, someone would be injured or severely injured. The possibility of losing a member would be very low. After all, this was a battle between Planetary realm powerhouses. Xu Tui was not 100% sure about this.

“Commander Xu, do you have any plans to become independent?” Suddenly, Lei Qian, who was carrying the child, spoke again.

This made Xu Tui frown. What did she mean by he had plans to be independent? He was currently independent, okay?

“Just say it. Don’t beat around the bush,” Xu Tui said to Lei Qian.

“Commander Xu, I know a portion of the internal affairs of the Blue Star. I also know that you are wanted. From the looks of it, you should be considered an independent organization. However, with all due respect, the power of your independent organization is still a little weak,” Lei Qian said. “It’s even a little strenuous for you to protect yourself. Two Planetary realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race can’t stand alone without your support.”

“Continue.”

“Then the remaining strength of our Spiritual Race is the best target for you to expand your strength,” Lei Qian said.

“These three Planetary realm powerhouses from the Fission Race?” Xu Tui already understood what Lei Qian meant. “It’s not a problem to defeat them. It’s also possible to kill them. However, it’s too difficult to capture them.”

“Change the method. Don’t capture them from the enemy’s perspective. Capture them from the perspective of allies,” Lei Qian said.

“Allies? I understand what you mean. Take advantage of the fact that they don’t know that we’ve captured Planet Liuxia and lure them into an ambush circle to expand your advantage. Then, severely injure or even capture them.”

That was the gist of Lei Qian’s plan. Xu Tui had also thought of it, but he had rejected it. It was obvious that this Fission Race team had a motive for coming to Planet Liuxia when the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was breached.

There was no longer a commander on Ceres Star. Lei Tian had died in battle. It was impossible for anyone to give them an order to replenish their supplies on Planet Liuxia.

They only had one goal, and that was to come to Planet Liuxia. It should be that someone in this group knew about the Spiritual Planet and had taken the initiative to capture or harvest resources. He had the goal of capturing them. He was rather vigilant. It would probably be very difficult to trick them into coming in. It should not work.

This was the reason why Xu Tui did not make any plans in this area.

After Xu Tui explained why he did not use this plan, Lei Qian did not give up. “Commander Xu, I agree with your reason. I’ve thought of it too. However, the reason why I suggested this plan is that I have absolute confidence that I can trick them.” Lei Qian was extremely confident.

This time, not to mention Xu Tui, even An Xiaoxue, Yanzi, and Yin Liu were puzzled. Where did Lei Qian get her confidence from?

“Me. My confidence comes from me! Anyone should know my value! Commander Xu, if I step forward and communicate with Diwu Hui as the commander of Planet Liuxia, what do you think they will do?” Lei Qian asked.

“They’ll think of ways to capture you?”

“That’s right. With me, it’s equivalent to having the entire Planet Liuxia. They can even find out the location of the other Spiritual Race bases from me and obtain the ultimate rights. Otherwise, even if they obtained Planet Liuxia, they would have to spend a lot of effort.

“Therefore, as long as I appeared, they would definitely take the risk and step into the ambush circle. After all, everyone knows that I had a child and am a widow,” Lei Qian said.

To be honest, after Lei Qian said that, the possibility of her plan succeeding was too high. If Xu Tui was a Planetary realm cultivator from the Spiritual Race who had been defeated, he would be overjoyed when he saw Lei Qian here. He would be letting down his discovery if he did not capture and control her. “Lei Qian, I approve of this plan, but I’m a little puzzled. You told me the secret or tne rorwara operating Dase previously ror your cnlld. However, you did not hesitate to be the bait to facilitate this plan. You even thought about the expansion of the strength under my command. I can’t understand why you would suddenly do that!

“Although Lei Tian was not killed by me, I was also involved in his death! We should be enemies,” Xu Tui said as he looked at Lei Qian.

“That’s right, we’re enemies! But there are still some differences in enemies! Some enemies are enemies. They have a bottom line when they do things. As for some enemies, I would rather commit suicide with my child than fall into their hands,” Lei Qian said.

“Is that a compliment?”

“I understand Commander Xu’s matters and personality! That includes the fact that you did not hesitate to fall out with the Blue Star to save An Xiaoxue back then. You narrowly escaped death.

“Wouldn’t I be an idiot if I didn’t hurry up and make some contributions to exchange for some camaraderie to ensure the safety of us for the next 18 years?”

Lei Qian was very direct, but it made Xu Tui smile bitterly. “Are you praising me or pointing out my weakness?”

“What do you think?” Lei Qian glanced at An Xiaoxue and Yanzi and said directly, “Commander Xu, if you are willing to implement my plan, we have to hurry. There’s not much time.”

“Alright.”

Next, Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and Lei Qian made their arrangements in the shortest time possible. At the same time, Ah Huang gave Lei Qian the authority of the adjutant of Base 7.

In the next moment, Lei Qian’s voice sounded in the communication channel with Diwu Hui. “Diwu Hui, I’m Lei Qian. How did you escape?”

“Lord… Lei Qian?” Diwu Hui’s voice suddenly paused. Even the tone in the communication channel increased. “Lord Lei Qian, is that really you?”

“How can that be fake?”

“I request for a video call to confirm your identity before I can be at your disposal.” Diwu Hui cunningly found a suitable excuse.

Thirty seconds later, Lei Qian, who was carrying the child, appeared in the video communication with Diwu Hui. Diwu Hui’s eyes were filled with greed.

“Lord Lei Qian, Colonel Diwu Hui of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base will be included in the battle sequence under your command. Please mark the gathering location. We will line up at the gathering location you specified to receive your inspection and undergo the final authentication!” Diwu Hui said.

“Alright.” Lei Qian carried the child with one hand and calmly gave a location.

She said, “I will send out a guiding fighter jet. Please follow the guidance.”

“Roger that..”