Chapter 1240 - 1240: Treasure Planet

Chapter 1240: Treasure Planet

Someone had been selling them!

Someone had been selling them!

Ever since he entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College in high school two years ago and began to undergo genetic evolution to step into the extra-terrestrial, Xu Tui had continuously come into contact with the dark side of human nature and fought in all kinds of infighting.

However, Xu Tui still firmly believed that if there was night, there would be day. If there was a shadow, there would definitely be sunlight.

This world was always beautiful.

However, Yanzi’s words today have refreshed Xu Tui’s understanding. Someone was selling the Blue Star Humans to the Spiritual Race on a large scale. They were selling the Blue Star Humans and their compatriots like pigs and sheep.

There were more than 30,000 Spiritual Humans in the 34 bases on Planet Liuxia. According to the information Ah Huang had obtained, there were eight planets like this. More than 200,000 or even 300,000 Blue Star humans were sold to the Spiritual Race like pigs and sheep.

In fact, according to the information Ah Huang had, there should be more Blue Star humans being sold.

The standard number of Spiritual Embodiments in a base was 1,500. There were a decrease in the number from time to time, among them, some died, some had a mental breakdown, and so on.

If that was the case, the number of Blue Star humans in the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Embodiment Base might be close to 400,000 to 500,000. Including the time span, this number might reach millions or even millions.

At that moment, Xu Tui’s entire body turned cold. He broke out in a cold sweat. When he was still in high school, he often heard that students who went to school outside the city would disappear. Then.. @@novelbin@@

About a quarter of the Blue Star humans in the Spiritual Embodiment Center of Base 7 had yellow skin. It was not much, but it was not little either. However, everyone’s eyes were chaotic. Other than their instinctive eating, drinking, and pooping, there were no other changes. They were like animals.

“You heartless thing. Don’t let me find out who is selling humans. If I find out, I’ll definitely kill them!”

The biggest suspect was naturally the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. However, if Xu Tui wanted to confirm this, he had to at least find some evidence.

“Ah Huang, I’ll leave it to you. You should be able to find traces, right?”

“Don’t worry. One can sell one person or even ten or a hundred people from the Blue Star without leaving any traces. However, there will be traces left behind from the time cost and transportation cost of selling hundreds of millions of Blue Star humans. Give me some time. I should be able to find out,” Ah Huang said.

“I’ll wait for the answer. It would be best if there’s solid evidence. I want the Blue Star to punish them together.” Xu Tui’s voice was very cold.

“Are you very angry?” Yanzi’s voice suddenly rang out.

“What would you think if your Spiritual Race members were sold and raised like animals?”

“I am sorry…”

Xu Tui did not say anything. He lowered his head and studied all the data of the Spiritual Embodiment Center. Currently, he was only thinking about how to liberate these Blue Star Humans who had been colonized.

This was not because he had a strong sense of justice. This was just a kind of empathy based on their kind. Any normal human would have such thoughts when they saw this scene.

Xu Tui used his mental perception to confirm the situation of the Blue Star humans who had been colonized. He had a complicated expression. How should he put it? Their bodies were very healthy, but their mental bodies were exceptionally weak.

Not only that, but there was also a sense of chaos. This might be the consequence of being reproduced.

Xu Tui did not understand the technology behind the pattern of the spirit reproduction, but he understood the principle. It was to continuously extract the spirits of these humans through special methods and gather them in the silver box to become a cultivation resource.

Perhaps it was because his spirit had been extracted that his mental body was weak and chaotic. In that case, if these Blue Star humans who had been colonized were released and recovered for a period of time, they should be able to recover, right?

“Ah Huang, hurry up and crack the Spiritual Embodiment Center. Inform me immediately once you’re done.”

“Understood, but this will take time. Moreover, I can’t guarantee that I will succeed,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui nodded after a moment’s hesitation. He could not rush this matter, much less use violence. He had seen the consequences of using violent methods. As long as there was a little power outside the program involved, the Blue Star humans in the Spiritual Embodiment Center would be forcefully extracted and die on the spot.

Xu Tui had already experienced that scene once on the resource planet. He did not want to experience it a second time.

Two and a half hours passed very quickly.

Xu Tui had only browsed through a portion of the information about the Planet Kono Forward Base and the command center of Planet Liuxia before the quantum teleportation channel with Planet Peach reached a stable state.

Although all of this information was stored in Ah Huang’s data center and Xu Tui could use it at any time, he still had to know a portion of it.

Ah Huang’s computing and analysis ability was super strong. At the same time, it had a spirit. However, it has not escaped the category of artificial intelligence.

“Yanzi, guard it. I’ll go over and take a look.” Seeing that the quantum teleportation channel had stabilized, Xu Tui wanted to go to Planet Peach immediately to confirm the safety of An Xiaoxue and the others.

Yanzi raised her brows. “Don’t worry? Aren’t you afraid that I, an outsider, will cut off your escape route?”

Xu Tui smiled. “Yanzi, do you know that the Blue Star has four major connections?”

“Four major connections? Which four?”

“We’ve been in the same class, carried a gun together, whored together, and split the loot together. How many do you think the two of us have?”

Yanzi’s brows twitched as she silently counted. They had slept together before. Although it was not like that, it did not seem bad. They had carried guns together. They should have fought together. Comrades? There was that.

She skipped the third point. The fourth point was that they had split the loot together. It seemed to count.

Three of the four? Suddenly, Yanzi smiled. It turned out that her relationship with Xu Tui was so strong.

As Yanzi smiled, Xu Tui instructed Ah Huang and reminded Yin Ba to be on guard. Then, he stepped into the quantum teleportation channel that had just stabilized and instantly disappeared.

The light changed. Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui felt like he was stepping on solid ground. The teleportation was successful.

Another advantage of the Planetary realm quantum array core was its fixed location. It was unlike the quantum teleportation channel between the Moon and Mars where the landing point was random and very troublesome.

“Eh, Xu Tui, why did you come over first? I was still discussing with Xiaoxue that someone would go over first,” Bu Qingqiu said in surprise.

Xu Tui only saw An Xiaoxue. He did not waste any time. He pulled An Xiaoxue into his arms and buried his head in her hair.

Bu Qingqiu: ‘

Bu Qingqiu, who still wanted to say something, turned around silently. Suddenly, she thought of something. There was a hint of melancholy in her eyes.

On the other side, Lei Qian was carrying a child and quietly observing Xu Tui, who was forcefully hugging An Xiaoxue. Her gaze gradually calmed down. It was obvious that Xu Tui had a very good relationship with An Xiaoxue. In that case, the agreement between An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu should be carried out.

Lei Qian felt a little more at ease. She looked at the child in her arms and could not help but feel sad. A child who was only a few months old was in danger following her.

“Alright, Miss Bu is still watching.” An Xiaoxue’s pretty face turned red. She pushed Xu Tui away in embarrassment.

“Xiaoxue, I know that you are very capable and confident, but you have to be more cautious in the future. What if? What should I do?” Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue and said seriously.

“Yes, I’ll remember that.” An Xiaoxue, who had always been tough, was very obedient at this moment. “Shall we take a look at Planet Peach first?” An Xiaoxue asked.

Xu Tui nodded as he looked at Lei Qian, who was carrying a child. In the next moment, Xu Tui picked An Xiaoxue up and rode his flying sword into the air.

An Xiaoxue also introduced the situation on Planet Peach to Xu Tui.

Lei Tian was a very cunning person. He also had many ideas. Planet Peach was a way out for Lei Tian when he was in charge of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base for the past few decades.

Or rather, Lei Tian had created a retirement planet for himself. It was also the most suitable planet for the Spiritual Race to live on after the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base continuously explored the solar system over the years.

Back then, it was an exploration team of the Dissimilate Clan that discovered this planet. The members of the exploration team had already been destroyed by Lei Tian.

On Planet Peach, the lowest temperature was minus 80 degrees Celsius, and the highest temperature was 60 degrees Celsius. However, this was relative to the entire planet. A more suitable living area, such as the Peach Mountain on Planet Peach, had a maximum temperature of 39 degrees and a minimum temperature of minus 10 degrees within a year.

There were mountains and water. It was very habitable.

Lei Qian liked peach blossoms, so the mountain was filled with peach trees.

The entire mountain emitted the fragrance of peaches.

After running it for about 20 years, Lei Qian had nurtured some foreign species. Currently, the ecology seems to be very balanced.

Due to the secrecy and Lei Tian’s suspicion, there was no one alive on the entire Planet Peach. The construction and development of the base were all done slowly with smart robots. Usually, Lei Qian would come over occasionally to maintain it.

This was also the reason why An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu could immediately control and capture Lei Qian the moment they arrived. Other than the automatic defense system of the Peach Base, there was no martial arts here.

The quantum teleportation channel was inside the Peach Base.

“You like this place very much?”

“Mm.” An Xiaoxue nodded gently. “This place is really a little like a paradise. There’s basically no one here. Other than a very small number of areas that have been developed, the rest of the areas are in a primitive state. I’ve tested it. It can breathe directly. We can eat many of the primitive species here!

“Most importantly, there’s natural energy everywhere, even in the air. I tested it. The concentration of energy is about three times that of Mars. A baby only needed to grow to the age of 16 here to obtain the power of the peak of the

Genetic Liberation Realm. This is also the reason why Lei Tian chose Planet

Peach as his backup plan.”

Xu Tui was shocked when he heard An Xiaoxue’s words. He had not noticed it just now. Now that An Xiaoxue had mentioned it, Xu Tui spread out his mind power and was stunned.

Rich energy!

It was very rich in Origin Energy! At the very least, it had the energy concentration of the 40th circle of the crater during the Mars Energy Tide.

They were still low in the air.

There would definitely be many places on the ground where the energy concentration was stronger than here.

Xu Tui was stunned after sensing it for a moment.

How was this a f*cking planet? It was a treasure!