Chapter 1245 - 1245: Have To Be Beat Up

Chapter 1245: Have to Be Beat Up

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I’m at the main base of Planet Liuxia. Under the command of the guiding fighter jets, come and line up in front of the main base of Planet Liuxia and verify your identity.”

“Roger that.” In the hunting jet, Diwu Hui, who vaguely looked like a human, frowned. He was not the only one. The other two Planetary realm powerhouses, Diliu Xiaoshu, Iron-Winged Eagle, also had a solemn expression.

“Brother Hui, do you think this woman will set a trap?” The Iron-Winged Eagle could not hold back anymore and was the first to ask.

In the Fission Race, there were two cultivation routes. One was the human-like route, and the other was the beast-like route.

The humanoid path had a relatively powerful mental body. It was equivalent to a superb individual in the Fission Race. The beast-like path was equivalent to an Extreme Branch cultivator in the human race. However, in terms of strength, it was stronger than an Extreme Branch cultivator, especially in terms of speed and power.

Therefore, its name and title were divided into two routes.

Comparatively, the Fission Race, which took the path of supernatural beings, was more intelligent. Diwu Hui, according to the naming rules of the Fission Race, was a Planetary realm powerhouse of the fifth generation of the Fission Race. His seniority in the Fission Race was extremely high.

Diwu Hui was basically the one making the decisions.

This sudden arrival at Planet Liuxia was also Diwu Hui’s idea.

Diwu Hui had followed Lei Tian to participate in the battle several times in the past, especially in the battle of Mars more than a year ago. He had performed outstandingly and obtained Lei Tian’s recognition.

In addition, the number of Planetary realm powerhouses in the Spiritual Race was constantly decreasing. The Planetary realm powerhouses that Lei Tian trusted could not be replenished. Under all kinds of circumstances, Diwu Hui obtained Lei Tian’s trust and heavy responsibility.

During this period of time, he had been guarding Ceres Star until Lei Tian transferred him to Planet Kono to participate in the battle.

However, Diwu Hui was extremely cunning. During the battle, he noticed that something was wrong and quietly retreated.

This was especially so for his talent of the Fission Race. It was best to use it to escape.

While he was guarding Ceres Star, he had experienced a few transfers of resources from the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Planet. Diwu Hui did not dare to deliberately investigate.

However, as the guard of Ceres Star, it was not too difficult for him to Imow the exact location of the few spiritual planets that were transported with resources. He spent some effort to obtain them.

Diwu Hui only secretly grasped the locations of a few resource planets of the Spiritual Race. If Lei Tian was alive, Diwu Hui would not dare to have any designs on the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Planet.

But now, Lei Tian has been killed by the Blue Star humans. Not only was Lei Tian killed, but even the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base had been destroyed.

Under such circumstances, he would be letting himself down if he did not capture the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Planets. If he was lucky, the Fission Race would have at least two to three more Planetary realm experts. His strength would also improve.

Diwu Hui chose Planet Liuxia as the first planet he wanted to capture. No matter what, it would be easy.

However, to his surprise, Lei Qian had escaped here. Diwu Hui had some understanding of Lei Qian. This woman was not a vase. She was extremely shrewd and capable.

Would she have guessed their goal? In that case, did Lei Qian want them to gather for a specific goal? Did she want to kill them, or did she really want to accept them and reorganize them?

There were all possibilities.

Lei Qian is a widow with a child now. She needed someone to rely on. However, he could not underestimate her. Of course, the safest way was not to gather at the destination of the command. He would fall out with them and charge over.

But in that case, what would Lei Qian do?

Diwu Hui thought for a moment and rejected this idea.

Lei Qian was extremely decisive and even ruthless. In the past 30 years, Lei Qian had been in charge of the entire Spiritual Race’s forward operating base on behalf of Lei Tian. She would kill without any hesitation.

If he fell out with her directly, Lei Qian would only be captured under the forceful attack of three Planetary realm experts, even if she had the armament of the main base.

It was useless!

“In that case, this crazy woman might very well die with us…” Diliu Xiaoshu said worriedly.

“Yes, that’s very likely!” Diwu Hui nodded.

The Iron-Winged Eagle was confused. He had no right to interrupt something that required him to use his brain crazily.

“Brother Hui, what should we do? If we go over directly, will there be an ambush? If we don’t go, Lei Qian…” Diliu Xiaoshu said worriedly.

“Let’s go directly, but not all of us! Lei Qian is too important. Obtaining her is equivalent to obtaining most of the inheritance of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. If we can develop in peace for hundreds of years, we can even become the overlord of the solar system!”

In an instant, Diwu Hui made a decision. “Iron-Winged Eagle, when we’re about to approach, leave the fighter jet and patrol the surroundings of Base 7 in the name of vigilance. Even if Lei Qian has an ambush, she won’t dare to act rashly when she sees you outside. These resource bases have a certain level of defense, but they will definitely not be able to withstand the impact of any

Planetary realm powerhouse.”

“Brother Hui, what about us?” Diliu Xiaoshu asked.

“We’ll be careful and verify our identities with Lei Qian. We’ll see what she says! With the Iron-Winged Eagle outside, even if Lei Qian has an ambush, she won’t dare to activate it easily. I guess that Lei Qian will definitely negotiate with us,” Diwu Hui said.

“Okay!”

Diliu Xiaoshu and the Iron-Winged Eagle responded at the same time.

Five minutes later, when they were still 1,000 kilometers away from Base 7, the Fission Race’s Iron-Winged Eagle turned into a stream of light and left.

At the same time, Diwu Hui took the initiative to contact Lei Qian. “Adjutant Lei, according to procedures, Iron Wing will carry out the temporary vigilance mission. After the identity verification is completed, he will accept the identity verification alone.”

“Understood.” Lei Qian’s voice was very calm.

In another room in Base 7 that had a low-frequency quantum jammer turned on, Xu Tui, Yin Liu, Yin Ba, Lavis, and the others were gathered here. Xu Tui leaned against the door and sized up Lei Qian, who was carrying a child.

To be honest, this woman’s transformation shocked Xu Tui. She did not look like a woman who had just lost a man. She was terrifyingly strong and decisive!

“According to the relevant information on the Blue Star, this is a terrifying woman! She is also a great mother.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

“A terrifying woman, a great mother?”

“She’s very powerful, very calm, very scheming, and extremely determined! Under normal circumstances, if a man died and her organization was defeated and destroyed, she should break down.

“However, she stood up immediately and could even give you advice and come up with the best plan. In the history of the Blue Star, such a woman is very terrifying! Once she seizes the opportunity, her enemies will end up very badly,” Ah Huang said.

“Ah Huang, can I understand that you’re warning me?

“No, I didn’t finish! There’s another saying on the Blue Star. It should be able to explain why Lei Qian is so shockingly strong. Look, it’s been a total of six hours since she came into contact with us. Her child has never left her hands. She cared a lot about this child.

“This would be her greatest weakness! With my wisdom from reading the history of the Blue Star, with this child called Lei Ji around, she could be controlled and even trusted. If this child is no longer around, then she…” “Ah Huang, you’re becoming more and more like a human.”

“Xu Tui, why do I feel that you are scolding me?” Ah Huang frowned.

“I’m complimenting you.”

The 1,000-kilometer distance passed in an instant.

The hunter fighter jet stopped in the air. Diwu Hui flew out with Diliu Xiaoshu and five quasi-planetary experts. Thick energy fluctuations flashed around his body. Diwu Hui did not hide his vigilance.

In the sky, the Iron-Winged Eagle was flying at high speed in the other direction of Base 7. It could be foreseen that as long as Lei Qian made any abnormal movements, the Iron-Winged Eagle would be able to break into Base 7 in 20 seconds and capture Lei Qian and her son alive.

In a few seconds, they had entered the range of the ambush.

Lei Qian did not act on her own. Instead, she asked Xu Tui, “Commander Xu, should we threaten them with the mid-micro particle chain bomb and your three-phase thermal bomb, or should we just blast them apart?”

“Explode in three seconds!” Xu Tui’s white teeth looked a little sinister.

Negotiating conditions with three Planetary realms and five quasi-planetary realms with intact combat strength was playing with fire. The process of taming any ferocious beast was first violent. If he was disobedient, he would beat him up.

Only by beating him up would he be obedient!

“Understood!”

Three seconds later, when Diwu Hui, Diwu Xiaoshu, and the others were ten kilometers away from Base 7 at a low speed, a light suddenly rose from three directions and blasted over.

“Bitch!” Diwu Hui cursed, “Retreat, Iron -Winged Eagle, kill them!”

Although Diwu Hui and the others were already on guard, the firepower coverage, including the route of retreat after Diwu Hui and the others were attacked, had been carefully calculated by Ah Huang.

They had prepared a total of three firepower blockades for Diwu Hui and the others. In other words, if they took the initiative to walk in, Diwu Hui and the others would be caught in the crossfire no matter what.

Of course, they could avoid the center of the energy explosion. After all, Diwu Hui was a Planetary realm powerhouse.

The three firepower blockades only blasted out by a millisecond. Diwu Hui and the others retreated into the second firepower blockade. @@novelbin@@

The Iron-Winged Eagle who saw the change flapped its wings, the energy around its body exploded. It was like a glaring meteor as it blasted towards the energy defense barrier of Base 7.

The Iron-Winged Eagle believed that he only needed this collision to break through the energy defense barrier of Base 7.

Diwu Hui and the others sneered as they defended against the gunfire with all their might.

Lei Qian was indeed ruthless, but she had no one under her!

However, in the next moment, before Diwu Hui and the others could react, a dark-colored sword light suddenly flew out of Base 7 and instantly disappeared. It instantly appeared above the Iron -Winged Eagle’s head and slashed out.

Diwu Hui was shocked!

Xu Tui!

Xu Tui’s name was well-known among the surviving Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race.

In reality, the Iron-Winged Eagle had also noticed the two dark-colored small swords immediately. It was Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword. However, it appeared too suddenly and was too fast. He was also advancing at full speed.

By the time he reacted, the sword had already cut into his head. But he was a

Planetary realm powerhouse after all. In the first moment, the Iron-Winged Eagle used the Fission Race’s innate ability, Body Split.

At the critical moment, one turned into three. As the time was too short, it only split out 50% of its power. Under normal circumstances, it should have split out more than 95% of its power, leaving behind 5% of its fake body to receive this sword and escape.

However, at this moment, he had only used 50% of his strength. He had even split into two.

In Base 7, Xu Tui sneered. He instantly slashed out the two Small God Slaying Swords that he had condensed with his mind power.

It disappeared. When it appeared again, it had already slashed into the two bodies that the Iron-Winged Eagle had just split.

At this moment, the Iron-Winged Eagle’s two bodies had just begun to accelerate as it fled. In an instant, the two bodies that had been slashed by the Small God Slaying Sword, including his main body, stopped breathing. They fell like rocks and stopped breathing.

The Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race, the Iron-Winged Eagle, had died!

“Let’s go, kill! Attack with all your might. Other than those who took the initiative to surrender, there’s no need to hold back!” At the same time, Yin Liu, Yin Ba, Lavis, An Xiaoxue, Yanzi, Yin Wushu, and the others flew out and surrounded Diwu Hui and the others..