Chapter 1247 - 1247: Planet Charon And Collection

Chapter 1247: Planet Charon and Collection

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, I have already contacted Planet Spirit through the intermediate colony of Tri Ling Ding. They are expected to complete the setup of the temporary quantum teleportation channel in three hours,” Ah Huang reported as it stood behind Xu Tui.

“Okay, how’s the future plan going?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s done, but it requires your final decision and modification.”

“Give me the plan.”

“It’s been sent over.” “Okay, keep an eye on it. I’ll make a trip to Planet Peach.”

“Don’t worry.”

A few minutes later, Xu Tui brought An Xiaoxue and Yanzi back to Planet

Peach.

Planet Liuxia was handed over to Yin Liu and Yin Ba to guard.

Including Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu, who had just surrendered, there were a total of four Planetary realm experts. Unless a top-notch powerhouse like Lei Tian came, they would be able to withstand a wave of attacks.

Xu Tui had returned to Planet Peach because he planned to discuss the overall rules of the future with Bu Qingqiu and the others. This was very important.

This was very, very important to the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. Currently, only An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu could discuss it with Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had wanted to avoid Yanzi, but after thinking about it, he decided to bring her along. Planet Peach was not a secret to Yanzi. The future safety strategy could not avoid Yanzi, so he might as well bring her along.

“Alright, everyone, this is the future development plan of our pioneer raiders that Ah Huang came up with. Take a look and see if there’s anything that needs to be supplemented and modified.”

Yanzi and Lei Qian were the first to be surprised when Xu Tui spoke.

Lei Qian had also been invited by Xu Tui to participate in this meeting. The reason why he had invited Lei Qian was mainly because she knew the remaining forces of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base the best. Her current opinion should be very useful as a reference.

Of course, he was only asking for her opinion. Whether he used it or not depended on Xu Tui. Moreover, from today onwards, Lei Qian would not be able to step out of the Planet Peach until her son, Lei Ji, was 18 years old.

“This meeting, I’m… not appropriate to attend, right?” Lei Qian looked a little nervous.

This woman had become very cautious after obtaining a confirmed future for her child. Her goal was very clear. She had to take care of her child and grow up. This was a mother’s most persistent goal.

“I… Isn’t it… inappropriate for me to participate in this meeting, too?” Yanzi’s tone was a little hesitant, but there was also an inexplicable sense of anticipation. This made Lei Qian take a second look.

“Lei Qian, you were once the adjutant of the forward operating base. You know more about the solar system than the Blue Star humans. I hope you can give me some advice on the big picture.” After saying that, Xu Tui looked at Yanzi. “As for your participation in the meeting, as a member of the pioneer raiders, what’s inappropriate?”

Yanzi froze, then nodded happily.

At the side, Bu Qingqiu looked at this scene. She finally looked at An Xiaoxue, but An Xiaoxue had a calm expression.

It was only at this moment that Xu Tui realized that his meeting was a little gender-biased. Other than him, they were all women. There was no man.

“I hope that Yan Lie, Wen Shao, and Qu Qingshan will grow quickly.” After spending more than half a year together, Xu Tui’s relationship with Wen Shao and Qu Qingshan had become something like that.

The meeting went smoothly. The plan that Ah Huang had come up with was in the right direction. There were not many changes, other than a few details.

Xu Tui was a little impressed.

Ah Huang had already reached an inhuman height in these aspects. This was especially so since Ah Huang was an advanced artificial intelligence. After having a spirit, its mental body continued to grow. In essence, it was no different from a human.

However, she had a terrifying ability to collect and process information that

humans did not have.

The entire history of the Blue Star, be it Huaxia or outside of Huaxia, had been printed in Ah Huang’s data center for 5,000 years. Then, it was combined. Under this data template, the development plan that Ah Huang had come up with was definitely the most reasonable.

The first point of the development plan was to use Planet Peach as their home planet. Within three months, Planet Peach had to be basically self-sufficient in terms of resources. Furthermore, they had to start various production lines. The labor was mainly done by robots.

Planet Peach was used as radiation and Planet Liuxia was used as a springboard. Radiating Planet Spirit and the planets that they might be able to control in the future. They would immediately retreat into Planet Peach if there were any accidents that they could not deal with and destroy the quantum teleportation channel.

To the outside world, they would try their best to hide the information and location of Planet Peach, including the Huaxia Sector. If the security situation allowed it, they could establish a connection with the Huaxia Sector and communicate internally and externally.

There were a total of 12. They had all passed. There was the 13th one, but Ah Huang had given the 13th one to Xu Tui alone.

The 13th was the ultimate safety measure. Ah Huang asked Xu Tui to use the quantum array core in his hand to secretly establish an emergency quantum teleportation channel on Planet Liuxia and Planet Peach.

In theory, only Xu Tui was allowed to know about this emergency quantum teleportation channel.

“Lei Qian, you once had a general understanding of the matters of the forward operating base. Do you have anything to add to my development plan?” Xu Tui asked.

During the discussion just now, Lei Qian did not take the initiative to speak. This was a stark contrast to her previous initiative to obtain a promise.

“This plan is very good! We need to strengthen the safety measures further.” Lei Qian hit the nail on the head. Her gaze was extremely sharp.

“Yes, what else?” Xu Tui asked.

“There’s no more development planning.” Lei Qian shook her head. “There’s a problem outside the development planning. Can I say it? There’s a problem that’s very important. I want to tell you in advance.” @@novelbin@@

“Speak.”

“I don’t know what the current arrangements of the Blue Star humans are, but I think that after the Blue Star humans captured Planet Kono and attacked Ceres, they neglected another extremely important planet,” Lei Qian said. Xu Tui frowned. He was suddenly stunned. “Planet Charon?”

There were only three planets where more than four Planetary realm powerhouses were stationed in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base before the war. They were Planet Kono, Ceres, and Charon.

“That’s right! I think you might have overlooked Planet Charon,” Lei Qian said.

“By the way, based on our current information, we don’t understand the meaning of the Spiritual Race guarding Planet Charon at all. Does Planet Charon seem to be very important? In the database of the command center of your forward operating base, the number of guards on Ceres will decrease.

However, it is very rare to reduce the number of guards on Planet Charon,” Xu Tui asked.

“Ceres and Charon are both the most extraordinary planets in the solar system. It’s said that Ceres is an ancient transportation hub. Moreover, it’s indeed very easy to build a quantum teleportation channel on Ceres. The consumption is also smaller than on other planets. And Planet Charon is a seal,” Lei Qian said.

“Seal? Another seal?” Xu Tui frowned.

“That’s right. This is also the reason why we sent people to guard Planet Charon all year round. The experts guarding Planet Charon need to constantly invest their strength and Origin Crystals into the seal of Planet Charon. “The seal on Planet Charon was personally strengthened and finalized by the second elder of our Spiritual Race, Huang Chen. He also gave a death order that the seal on Planet Charon cannot be broken,” Lei Qian said.

“Why? What will happen if it’s broken?”

“I don’t know why, but once the seal on Planet Charon is broken, the other alien species, the Muya Clan, will immediately charge in. A hundred years ago, the Muya Clan once barged into the solar system. At that time, they caused a huge loss to the experts of the Spiritual Race who had just invaded the solar system. Later on, there was a seal,” Lei Qian said. “This is an order from the

Sanctuary. I’m not too sure about the specific reason behind it. In this battle, Lei Tian had already pulled back all the guards on Planet Charon. Without the replenishment of power, the seal on Planet Charon will be destroyed in half a year at most!”

“Then, the so-called Muya Clan will come?” Xu Tui frowned. Lei Qian’s words made him feel that it was unreal. “Have you seen the Muya people?”

“I have!” Lei Qian nodded. “I encountered it once when I was still on the mother planet of the Milky Way. They were very powerful. The path they took was more like a pure genetic evolution path.”

Xu Tui furrowed his brows. It was a little annoying. It was not good to know too much. He could not ignore this matter since he knew. But it was a little annoying to interfere.

No matter what, this Muya Clan was very powerful in Lei Qian’s words. They would kill their way into the solar system! Why did he feel that this situation was even more complicated than before he killed Lei Tian?

“In the data of the forward operating base, Planet Charon is not big. It’s only twice the size of the moon! If there’s really such a seal, we can just blow up Planet Charon. With my current strength, it shouldn’t be difficult to destroy a planet, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“I don’t know.” Lei Qian shook her head. “The forward operating base only has the right to carry out the orders of the Sanctuary. They will definitely not dare to question it. I don’t know if the seal can be destroyed.”

“Understood.”

Three hours later, the quantum teleportation channel between Planet Liuxia and the Planet Spirit was completed. The first to run over was undoubtedly Yan Lie.

At the same time, Yan Lie also brought over the latest battle situation of the Blue Star humans.

Planet Spirit maintained intelligence contact with the Huaxia Sector through its previous transit planet. The Blue Star Humans’ attack team that went to Ceres encountered a powerful enemy on Ceres, especially the Great Xi Clan.

But because of Cai Shaochu’s brilliant plan, he used himself as bait and then severely injured the enemy with the bullets of the three-phase thermal bomb, forming an advantage.

The Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements on Ceres Star were also very powerful. This was especially so for the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary Elder, Chi Jing. Even Erera found it extremely difficult to deal with him.

However, because of Cai Shaochu’s brilliant plan, the Blue Star humans had already attacked and occupied a portion of the ancient ruins of Ceres. They had also established a preliminary intelligence connection with Planet Kono through the quantum array core of the ancient ruins.

Reinforcements had already arrived from the Blue Star. The battle was in a stalemate.

This information made Xu Tui heave a sigh of relief. From the information, his warning was useful. The information about Lei Qian’s previous reinforcements was also true. Then, Xu Tui used the information intercepted by the other data centers as an excuse to send the relevant information about Planet Charon to the Blue Star Genetic Committee.

An hour later, Yin Liu and Yin Ba each led a fleet that had been teleported over from Planet Spirit.

The power that the Mechanical Spirit Race had lost outside should be gathered..