Chapter 1248 - 1248: Resource Collection And Cultivation Exploration

Chapter 1248: Resource Collection and Cultivation Exploration

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In fact, Yin Liu and Yin Ba were not the only ones sent out. There were also the two Planetary realm powerhouses, Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu, who had just surrendered.

Yin Liu and Yin Ba went to the settlement planets and resource planets of the Mechanical Spirit Race in the solar system. Other than the Planet Spiritual Sea and Planet Spiritual Cabin that they gave to the Huaxia Race, there were a total of three other planets. Their main target planets were two.

Other than bringing back a portion of the resources, they also had to reunite the remaining species of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

This was one of the conditions that Xu Tui had agreed to Yin Liu’s surrender.

Under suitable circumstances, they would give the Mechanical Spirit Race a chance to develop. The Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realms of the Mechanical Spirit Race under Lei Tian had all died. Their main goal now was to gather the Mechanical Spirit Race.

According to Yin Liu’s thoughts, in this universe, a species might not even have the right to become a slave without the protection of a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Therefore, he had to gather the remaining members of the Mechanical Spirit Race and submit to Xu Tui. Then, under the protection of him and Yin Ba, they might be able to recover in a few decades.

Originally, this was a time when they needed manpower. However, Xu Tui still got Yin Liu and Yin Ba to take action.

There were two reasons. The first was that in the solar system, especially since the Blue Star Humans were expanding rapidly, the Mechanical Spirit Race without the protection of the quasi-planetary and Planetary realms would be controlled and conquered as long as they were discovered by any family on the Blue Star.

Secondly, Xu Tui had the idea of focusing fire from afar. The true use of the Mechanical Spirit Race was to focus fire from afar. @@novelbin@@

If there were 50 Transmutation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race who unified the long-range formation after shapeshifting, even a Planetary realm expert would suffer greatly if they charged over.

Therefore, Xu Tui also wanted to gather the Mechanical Spirit Race. The Mechanical Spirit Race was a race that was very easy to control and practical.

This was also because Xu Tui had too few people under him.

There weren’t that many people in the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. Including the people who had surrendered, there were only more than 20 of them. There were already three planets that they controlled. It will increase in the future.

So he had to increase his manpower.

In the future, Xu Tui planned to replenish his manpower from the Huaxia Sector. Of course, it was all voluntary.

As for Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu, they were sent out to seize the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Growth Resource Planet.

The Spiritual Race had many planets in the solar system. Other than the Spiritual Embodiment Base, there were also a large number of resource bases, including the Origin Crystal Mine. There were seven Origin Crystal mines on a planet like Planet Liuxia. The production was not small every day.

However, the Spiritual Race’s resource planet, even in the worst situation, also had a quasi-planetary guarding it. It was easy for accidents to happen if they sent a quasi-planetary guard over. Therefore, they had to send a Planetary realm expert to take down the Spiritual Planets without any mistakes.

Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu, who had just surrendered, led a team. Diwu Hui was assigned to Lavis, Yin Liulong, and Diliu Xiaoshu was assigned to Yin Sanping and Yin Wushu. They set off in two teams.

Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, and the others stayed behind. Whether it was the Planet Peach or Planet Liuxia, they needed basic strength to defend them. Of course, with this bit of strength, Xu Tui could only escape if two to three Planetary realm experts came.

There was another important reason why Xu Tui chose to stay behind. Cultivation.

In the next three to five months, he would increase his strength again. In the development plan that Ah Huang had set for Xu Tui and the others, there was an extremely important condition. It was to increase their strength.

The strength of the core members had to increase. One to two experts with Planetary realm combat strength had to appear among the core members. The core members referred to those who came from Huaxia. For example, Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and Bu Qingqiu.

As for Yan Lie, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and the others, their first priority was to break through to the quasi-planetary realm. In a short period of time, they only had the strength to save their lives in front of a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui won’t and did not dare to participate in the Blue Star’s current battle on Ceres Star.

Even Erera was severely injured, and there were five to six experts like Cai Shaochu, Itavi, and Haren from the enemy. With Xu Tui’s small body, he would be injured if one touched him and die if one brushed past him. So he would cultivate in peace for a period of time.

Xu Tui could only support the Blue Star from the side and from the intelligence side. It could be considered as doing his best.

On September 24, 2138, all the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders on Planet Spirit, except for the Spirit Queen, retreated to Planet Liuxia.

After Xu Tui personally strengthened his Spiritual Shackles and Spiritual Hint, they retreated into Planet Peach.

Planet Peach was a planet that no one had cultivated before. It was extremely suitable for them to cultivate, especially since they could not accurately channel and absorb energy like Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

In that case, cultivating in such a place with a higher concentration of energy would theoretically allow one to enter an energy pressure cabin. The effect would be extremely good.

At the same time, they also had the mission to explore Planet Peach. After Lei Tian and Lei Qian obtained Planet Peach, they only used robots and drones to carry out simple exploration and development.

Moreover, they did not want to cultivate on Planet Peach.

On a planet, where there was an area with a faint concentration of origin energy, there would definitely be an area with relatively dense concentration.

Xu Tui planned to get Wen Shao and the others to find a place with the densest concentration of Origin Energy on Planet Peach. According to Ah Huang’s calculations, cultivating in such a place might have better effects than directly using Origin Crystals.

Moreover, as long as he controlled the number of people who entered Planet Peach, the concentration of energy on Planet Peach would maintain a relatively high position and have a better cultivation effect.

Under Ah Huang’s arrangements, everything was on track.

A large number of resources and robots that had been transported from Planet Spirit were transported to Planet Peach.

Bu Qingqiu continued to stay on Planet Peach. The Spirit Queen and Yan Lie continued to guard Planet Spirit. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue guarded Planet Liuxia in the middle. They could rush over no matter which planet had an accident.

With Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s strength, they could deal with one or two Planetary realm experts.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had finished their routine cultivation for the day at Base

Their current cultivation principle was that they had to maintain more than 60% of their mind power.

Only then would there be a possibility of dealing with any accidents.

However, in the past six months, their mind power has increased exponentially. Even though this was the requirement, Xu Tui still built 15 new internal circulation channels after his routine cultivation.

“How many more internal circulation channels are you short of?” An Xiaoxue asked after she finished cultivating.

“Currently, I have already built 2,170 internal circulation channels. I am still short of 350 internal circulation channels before the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain will be in a perfect state,” Xu Tui said. In the end, he asked, ‘What about you, Xiaoxue?”

“My progress is slower than yours. I only built 1,650. By the way, when do you plan to break through to the quasi-planetary realm? To be honest, Xu Tui, I’m a little worried. Currently, in the history of the Blue Star, there has never been a quasi-planetary realm who broke through to the Planetary realm with the main chain as the mind power genetic ability chain. There is no precedent to refer to,” An Xiaoxue said.

“In theory, it should be the safest to use the main chain of mind power to break through. Moreover, I’ve recently discovered that when the internal channels of a genetic ability chain are built to the peak of perfection, I might feel something different,” Xu Tui said.

“Why do you say that? You do?”

“Recently, other than cultivating the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain, I’ve also been majoring in the quantum entanglement state genetic ability chain that I developed on my own. There were only 14 genetic ability points in the quantum entanglement state genetic ability chain. A few days ago, I had already built the internal channels to the extreme. However, every time I cultivate the quantum entanglement state genetic ability chain again, I feel that something is missing,” Xu Tui said.

“What is missing?” An Xiaoxue was puzzled.

“It just feels a little lacking. It’s not just the quantum entanglement state. The genetic ability chains in my body that have already reached a perfect internal circulation, such as the Mountain Formula, Stab Formula, Water Puppet, and Water Chain Technique, all feel a little lacking.

“Other than the mental whip genetic ability chain not having this feeling,” Xu Tui said.

“You mean to say that you feel abnormal when you cultivate again after your current genetic ability chain reaches Level 3 perfect state? I’ve never tried this before. Can you be more specific?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“It’s just that it lacks something. I feel that it can still be developed.”

“Developed?” An Xiaoxue immediately frowned. “Exploration was originally very dangerous, but it’s even more dangerous to develop it again after the genetic ability chain is finalized! If anything goes wrong, an extreme imbalance will cause the genetic ability chain to collapse.”

“I want to try.” Before An Xiaoxue could finish speaking, Xu Tui said, “Moreover, the reason why I want to try is because you are here. After all, a combination of you and me who have absolutely trust in each other, have powerful mind power and introspection is too rare.

“I think that I can try to develop it. Use your mind power to pay attention to me at all times. If there are any abnormalities, you can intervene immediately. Even if the worst-case scenario happens, where the unstable genetic ability chain causes the damage to my mental body, you can still guide the power of the Silver Spirit Box and treat me and recover,” Xu Tui said.

An Xiaoxue frowned. She was a little hesitant. “Do you really want to try?”

“Xiaoxue, actually, isn’t the genetic evolution or genetic cultivation of our Blue Star on the path of experimentation? Without the experiments of our predecessors, we wouldn’t be where we are today.

“Actually, at our level of cultivation, there are not many predecessors’ routes for us to refer to. We basically have to walk the rest of the way ourselves. With our cooperation, the success rate of this experiment is higher,” Xu Tui said.

An Xiaoxue stared at Xu Tui for a long time before nodding. “You’ve convinced me. Actually, This is also one of the reasons why Mr. Shang left. He saw the future cultivation limits of the Blue Star humans and even the shackles of cultivation, so he found a way out.”

“Then let’s try.”

“Okay, which genetic ability chain are you prepared to try first? You need to guide me to accurately locate it before you start trying.”

“The energy teleportation of the quantum entanglement state, right?” Xu Tui said.

An Xiaoxue frowned slightly. “Change it. The genetic base points of the energy teleportation of the quantum entanglement state are all in the head. If there are any changes, they will definitely be in the head. Try your best to avoid any accidents in the head during your first attempt. It’s best to choose the genetic ability chain with the least number of genetic base points in your head.”

“Then let’s use the Stab Formula. Most of the genetic base points of the Stab Formula are in the abdomen. There are also the least number of them,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, let’s begin. I’ll locate it first.”

A minute later, Xu Tui completely released An Xiaoxue’s mind power into his body. He began to enter the illusory introspection state from meditation. The illusory introspection state was actually Xu Tui’s greatest confidence in trying it out.

It could give Xu Tui a clear direction in a short period of time. Otherwise, a normal breakthrough or discovery would take a long time.

It was also very simple to try.

Xu Tui continued to cultivate under the perfect circulation of the Stab Formula genetic ability chain. He continued to sense his body and search for that missing feeling.

As he cultivated, Xu Tui’s Stab Formula genetic ability chain gradually became dazzling in his body..