Chapter 1249 - 1249: A Different Point

Chapter 1249: A Different Point

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Due to his continuous cultivation, the Stab Formula genetic ability chain became brighter and brighter under the observation of Xu Tui’s illusory introspection.

Although it only had eight genetic base points, it was like a shining jade belt under continuous cultivation.

Among the genetic ability chains formed by the eight genetic base points, the 28 internal circulation chains were like 28 high-speed channels. They were thin and dense. A large amount of energy that Xu Tui had drawn into his body was circulating at high speed in this genetic chain.

Both the genetic chain and the internal circulation chain were filled to the extreme at this moment.

Xu Tui could sense that a few parts of his body were swelling slightly. This was because the relevant genetic base points had been stimulated. If this stimulation was maintained for a long time, it might undergo a qualitative change.

This was also why many cultivators would suddenly increase their combat strength drastically after cultivating for five or even ten years and become dazzling experts. From this perspective, this world would never let down hardworking students.

However, Xu Tui did not pursue a breakthrough after five to ten years of boring accumulation.

Xu Tui wanted to find a shortcut or a breakthrough point. He was so close. Xu

Tui, who was focused on his cultivation, felt that there was something in front of him. However, he could not touch it.

For a moment, he was a little flustered.

“Don’t be anxious. Don’t think about producing results in a day. Five days, ten days, or even three to five months is enough. This result might be a height that others will never be able to reach in their lives.” An Xiaoxue sensed Xu Tui’s anxiety and spoke at the right time.

An Xiaoxue’s voice was like magic, especially her last sentence. It instantly silenced Xu Tui. His current cultivation progress was already far superior to many people. What else was there to be anxious about?

Sometimes, things were just that magical.

More haste less speed. Once it quietened down, there would be progress. This was probably what it meant to be enlightened.

After calming down for less than 15 minutes, Xu Tui suddenly noticed a different point in the center of his spleen.

The reason why “point” was used to describe it was that this point looked like a genetic base point. However, under the circumstances that his introspection was still illusory introspection, this genetic base point was larger than ordinary genetic base point, and it was silver.

It was not undeveloped, but developed.

As Xu Tui’s attention landed on this point, this point became clearer.

“Xiaoxue, I might have found this point. I’ll start trying now,” Xu Tui told An Xiaoxue.

“Slow. You have to be slow. You can’t be anxious.”

“Don’t worry.”

Xu Tui focused his attention on this point. He carefully guided the energy into this point and tried his best to slow down the speed at which the energy surged in. His current cultivation volume was different from before.

As Xu Tui slowly injected his energy, the silver genetic base points in the center of his spleen were continuously replenished and strengthened by his energy. However, the speed at which it was strengthened was slower than he had imagined.

It lasted for two consecutive days before it was strengthened to Level 3 gold.

But something strange happened. The large genetic base point that he had discovered because of the Stab Formula had not fused into the Stab Formula even after it was strengthened to Level 3 gold.

This made Xu Tui confused.

This seemed a little unreasonable.

In the past, during the development of genetic base points, as long as the genetic base points of a certain genetic ability chain appeared and were activated, they would spontaneously join the relevant genetic ability chain.

The genetic base point in his spleen was still independent when it reached Level 3 gold.

However, during the cultivation process, including the process of strengthening the three genetic base points in the spleen to Level 3, Xu Tui could still sense that the genetic base points of the spleen were still closely related to the genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula.

Xu Tui calmed down during his cultivation and was no longer anxious.

Every day, other than building the internal circulation channels of other genetic ability chains, he would definitely take four hours to strengthen these different genetic base points in the middle of his spleen. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui felt that his Stab Formula seemed to have changed as it continued to strengthen. However, he could not figure out where it was.

According to his previous discussion with Luo Shifeng, the greatest possibility of this situation was that he had not accumulated enough. If he did not have enough accumulation, he would continue to accumulate.

In any case, strengthening and developing genetic base points consumed very little of Xu Tui’s mind power. The consumption of Origin Crystals was not much. It was only 40 grams a day.

Of course, that was mostly for Xu Tui. Under normal circumstances, the Intensity or tms cultivation was enougn.

Basically, with the efficiency of the School of Enlightened Mind, 150 to 200 grams of Origin Crystals would be able to strengthen a genetic base point to Xu Tui’s current limit—peak of Level 3.

However, for more than 20 days, Xu Tui continued to strengthen and develop the genetic base points after they were strengthened to Level 3 gold. He injected more and more Origin Energy every day, and the number of Origin Crystals he continuously invested far exceeded 1,000 grams.

The genetic base points were like a bottomless pit. It did not reach the limit, and it could be strengthened.

It was October 16th. The replies from the teams that went out were all normal. The information Yan Lie obtained from Planet Kono was that the Blue Star’s construction on Planet Kono was like fire.

The battle on Ceres Star was very difficult. Cai Shaochu was seriously injured,

Haren was seriously injured and on the verge of death, and he was saved by Cai Shaochu. Only Anlevich’s upper body was snatched back by Raymont. He had paid a huge price.

However, they had also completely stabilized their footing and established a quantum teleportation channel with Planet Kono. The reinforcements had already passed. On the ancient ruins of Ceres Star, they continued to fight a bloody battle with the Great Xi Clan’s Günter and the Spiritual Race’s Chi Jing.

On the surface, the entire solar system seemed to have entered a relatively balanced period.

The Blue Star Genetic Committee also took the information that Xu Tui had submitted to the Blue Star Genetic Committee very seriously. They had already sent a team over, but it would take time to arrive.

On the 16th of October, Xu Tui began to strengthen the genetic base points in his spleen again after he completed his routine cultivation. An Xiaoxue also had to use her mind power to enter Xu Tui’s body to protect him.

“Xiaoxue, I don’t think there’s a need. It’s been so long. Nothing happened. Don’t waste your time.”

“I’ve also completed my cultivation. Besides, you can’t be careless with this kind of development.”

“Alright then. ”

Just like before, Xu Tui began to strengthen the newly discovered genetic base points in his spleen. After more than 20 days of cultivation, Xu Tui had long realized that the genetic base points in his spleen were very durable.

In the beginning, Xu Tui only dared to inject more than 10 grams of Origin Crystals a day. Later on, he injected 20 grams, 30 grams, and 40 grams a day. Now, Xu Tui realized that it did not seem to be a problem to inject more than 100 grams of Origin Crystals a day.

This guy was very durable.

In the past few days, Xu Tui had injected more than 100 grams of Origin Crystals every day. Furthermore, it was increasing every day.

Xu Tui was completely curious. He wondered if anyone had noticed that there was such a bottomless pit of genetic base points in his body.

Today was the same as before. Xu Tui did not hold back because he knew that it was durable. He absorbed the Origin Crystals with all his might and guided his mind power into it.

In less than three hours, 150 grams of Origin Crystals had been blasted in. It looked like it would not be a problem to blast in 200 grams of Origin Crystals today.

When would it be full?

Xu Tui was looking forward to it.

After cultivating for about three and a half hours and injecting 180 grams of Origin Crystals, an extremely sudden feeling of fullness came from his chest and abdomen. It was where the spleen was.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows.

Did this feeling of fullness mean that the genetic base points in his spleen had been strengthened to the extreme?

Suddenly, An Xiaoxue’s voice rang out. “Xu Tui, didn’t you notice? Your Stab

Formula genetic ability chain seems to be moving.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He looked again. Nope, it’s not. The Stab Formula genetic ability chain shone like a star chain without any abnormal movements.

Xu Tui suddenly reacted. He was using his illusory introspection. He was under the illusory introspection, while An Xiaoxue was looking at his genetic ability chain under the introspection. The scene he saw with his illusory introspection was different from what he saw with his introspection.

Xu Tui instantly switched to introspection. He was instantly stunned when he switched to his introspection state.

In the illusory introspection state, the Stab Formula genetic ability chain was like a shining star chain in the universe. In the introspection state, the Stab Formula genetic ability chain was more like an endless river. The energy surging inside was the river water.

At this moment, the surging energy in the Stab Formula genetic ability chain seemed to be overflowing. They surged towards the genetic base points in his spleen, as if they had the intention of surging over.

Not only that, but in his introspection state, Xu Tui realized that the energy in the Mountain Formula’s genetic ability chain was also surging toward the genetic base points at the core of his spleen.

Did it want to connect? Or something else?

“Xiaoxue, I’ll start.” After saying that, Xu Tui activated his mind power and took the initiative to bring the surging energy in the Stab Formula toward the golden genetic base points in the center of his spleen.

The instinctive reaction of the body was the most honest. Many times, he had to follow this. However, when the energy in the genetic chain surged over, the light of the entire genetic chain was surging.

It was like bringing the entire genetic chain over. The process of approaching was extremely difficult. Half an hour later, Xu Tui was a little discouraged. He could not get through the Stab Formula genetic ability chain.

“Try exerting force on both sides.” An Xiaoxue’s voice rang out again.

Xu Tui thought about it and agreed. He could not get past the Stab Formula genetic ability chain, but the power of the genetic base points in his spleen could get close. He moved as he thought.

The moment Xu Tui thought about it, a tidal wave of golden light surged out of the genetic base points in his spleen. It naturally connected to the Stab Formula genetic ability chain. The moment it connected, Xu Tui felt his head heat up. An indescribable power surged into the golden genetic base points in his spleen from the Stab Formula genetic ability chain.

The golden genetic base points in his spleen began to squirm rapidly. This was especially so for the genetic base points of the Stab Formula in the head. A large amount of mind power surged into them.

In his introspection state, the light in Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula genetic ability chain also instinctively surged toward the golden genetic base points in his spleen.

It was either instinct or luck.

With a thought, the golden light in Xu Tui’s spleen surged again. It instantly connected to the Mountain Formula genetic ability chain. Almost at the same time, the power in the Mountain Formula also began to nourish the golden genetic base points in his spleen.

As it squirmed violently, the golden genetic base points in his spleen flickered. Gradually, they turned from golden to thicker, darker earthen-yellow. It was not just the genetic base points. Under Xu Tui’s introspection, the light of his entire spleen had turned earthen yellow.

It seemed that he had successfully broken through?

However, Xu Tui did not understand what he had broken through.

Is this it?

Just as Xu Tui was in a daze, the earthen yellow-colored spleen light flickered under his introspection. It ended with the Stab Formula. A heat suddenly surged toward Xu Tui’s feet.

Xu Tui’s feet instantly became extremely itchy and painful..