Chapter 1246 - 1246: Implantation And Sincerity Received

Chapter 1246: Implantation and Sincerity Received

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Light filled the sky above Base 7. Energy waves flickered.

Diwu Hui, who was in tatters, tried a few times but could not break through the blockade. In despair, he roared angrily.

In that wave of firepower, two of the five quasi-planets turned to ashes on the spot. The other three were severely injured. Although Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu, who were in the center of the barrage, were not dead, they were also seriously injured and their strength had decreased drastically.

Then, Yin Liu, Yin Ba, Yanzi, and the other quasi-planetary experts surrounded him.

Yin Liu and Yin Ba could be considered acquaintances of Diwu Hui. They had interacted with each other many times in the past and had sparred on certain occasions.

In terms of strength, Diwu Hui looked down on Yin Liu and Yin Ba. In the past spars, no one from the Mechanical Spirit Race could defeat it, not even Yin Er.

However, today, Diwu Hui, who had been injured and his strength had decreased drastically, was being pestered by Yin Ba. He could not escape even if he wanted to, let alone defeat Yin Ba.

Although Yin Ba’s strength had increased, he was still not his match. It was mainly because he was injured. Coupled with the long-range attacks of the other quasi-planets, Diwu Hui felt very uncomfortable. @@novelbin@@

Two of their five quasi-planets had been killed at the beginning. Under the siege of the other party’s six quasi-planets, they had directly killed another one. The remaining two had surrendered.

Now, only Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu, the two Planetary realm powerhouses, were holding on.

Yin Liu and Yin Ba each took one. An Xiaoxue, Yanzi, Yin Sanping, Lavis, and the other quasi-planets established an encirclement around the periphery. The cooperation made Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu so depressed that they wanted to vomit blood.

They were in a desperate situation!

Under normal circumstances, it was not a desperate situation for the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Fission Race when they were surrounded.

The probability of escaping after splitting his body was very high

However, at this moment, neither Diwu Hui nor Diliu Xiaoshu dared to do so.

Xu Tui, who was not participating in the battle, stood there on his sword. A dark-colored small sword and a faint golden small sword circled above his head. Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu were so shocked that they did not dare to escape.

Xu Tui had killed their fellow Iron-Winged Eagle with these two swords just now. At this moment, they felt that Xu Tui would kill anyone who dared to split their bodies.

The reason why Xu Tui had not used his two swords was that they had two Planetary realm experts. As long as his sword was used, one of them would be able to escape. However, who would sacrifice themselves to create another chance to escape?

Neither Diwu Hui nor Diliu Xiaoshu had the courage to sacrifice themselves. Wasn’t it good to be alive?

In fact, Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu’s guess was basically correct.

Xu Tui had not changed much during this period of time when he used the God Slaying Sword from the red fire slip. However, as Xu Tui’s mental body and mind power continued to strengthen, the red fire slip became stronger. Its brilliance and aura became stronger.

Correspondingly, the upper limit of the energy capacity of the God Slaying Sword engraved on the red fire slip also increased as the red fire slip increased.

Xu Tui had only used 50% of the energy of the God Slaying Sword to kill the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race, the Iron-Winged Eagle.

In reality, Xu Tui felt that he should be able to kill the Iron-Winged Eagle with 40% of his energy. The Iron-Winged Eagle’s mental body was not strong.

What a waste.

However, Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu’s mental bodies were clearly a little strong. A wind-type supernatural being and a wood-type supernatural being were clearly stronger than Yin Liu and Yin Ba.

Xu Tui would definitely be able to kill one of them as long as he attacked. However, he might not be able to kill the other one. Most importantly, his goal was to capture them. At least, he wanted to capture one of them.

Xu Tui had too few Planetary realm powerhouses. There were only two of them. It was not enough. Therefore, Xu Tui wanted to use the God Slaying Sword as a deterrent and let the others consume the strength of these two people to see if there was any possibility of capturing them.

With the God Slaying Sword at his side, Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu did not dare to use their innate ability to escape.

In the center of the battlefield, Diwu Hui charged left and right. He had just found a little chance to forcefully escape, but the space in front of him was inexplicably sharp. Before he could retreat, a large piece of flesh disappeared.

If he had been any faster, half of his leg would have been gone.

Diwu Hui glared at An Xiaoxue. This woman was too despicable. It was her who kept using her abilities to see the loopholes caused by Yin Liu and Yin Ba’s insufficient strength. She was only a quasi-planet, but she could easily injure them, making them not dare to be careless.

The two of them rushed over and worked together to kill An Xiaoxue? They did not dare to.

Firstly, Xu Tui was guarding the area.

Secondly, Yin Sanping, Yin Wushu, and Yin Liulong could also pose a huge threat to them under the concentrated fire from afar.

For a moment, Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu were in a dilemma. What was worse was that their strength was constantly weakening in the continuous battle. If this continued, they might not even have the chance to use the Body Splitting Technique.

Diwu Hui had a look of despair. He understood why Lei Qian was so confident in communicating with them. It turned out that she had the backing of Xu Tui from the Blue Star. He would never have dreamed that Lei Qian would participate in the Blue Star Humans’ cooperation to trick him.

After all, Lei Qian’s man, Lei Tian, had just died at the hands of the Blue Star humans.

“Diwu Hui, surrender.” Yin Liu, who was in the middle of a battle, suddenly said, “It’s not embarrassing to surrender to an expert. Moreover, Commander Xu Tui treats his subordinates well. He’s much stronger than Lei Tian.”

Diwu Hui panted. He looked at Xu Tui and sneered. “A Transmutation Realm expert?”

“A Transmutation Realm expert!” Yin Ba suddenly interrupted. “If Lord Xu Tui had not wanted to capture you and recruit you, you would have been killed by him with one strike.”

Diwu Hui: ‘ .

“Diwu Hui, I’m not lying to you! I’ve only been with Lord Xu Tui for five months, but in these five months, Lord Xu Tui has already given me a Silver Spirit Box and 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals,” Yin Liu said.

“A Silver Spirit Box? It’s the same as before,” Diwu Hui said.

“You haven’t figured it out. In the past, when we were under Lei Tian, he gave our Mechanical Spirit Race a Silver Spirit Box a year. However, with Lord Xu Tui, each of us from the Mechanical Spirit Race were given a Silver Spirit Box. For example, Yin Ba even took two!”

Hearing this, Diwu Hui, who was fighting while in combat, widened his eyes. In his shock and distraction, he was hit again and let out a muffled groan. “Are you lying to me?”

“Is there a need? Do you think that you have a chance of surviving if Lord Xu Tui did not want to recruit you?” Yin Ba sneered.

“Diwu Hui, think about it. Surrender or die! Look, Lord Lei Qian is also here.” Yin Liu’s words moved Diwu Hui.

Lei Qian represented a lot of meaning here. It meant that many of the unknown resource planets of the Spiritual Race would fall into Xu Tui’s hands. It also represents Xu Tui’s future development potential.

Xu Tui’s personal strength was already so strong at the Transmutation Realm. What if Xu Tui broke through?

Diwu Hui was still hesitating, but the relatively weak Diliu Xiaoshu could not hold on anymore.

“Brother Hui, surrender! If Xu Tui treats us like that, it will be much more effective than serving Lei Tian. Isn’t it working for someone?” Diliu Xiaoshu roared.

This roar made Diwu Hui determined. Actually, it also cut off Diwu Hui’s escape route. If Diliu Xiaoshu surrendered, he would definitely have no way out if he did not surrender.

In Base 7, Lei Qian’s gaze shifted slightly. She had participated in the policies of these vassal races back then. The reason why they were more harsh was mainly to limit the strength of these vassal races.

Now, it seems a little wrong. As a result, the cohesion of these species was not strong enough, especially at the critical moment.

“Commander Xu… I want to know what will happen if we surrender.” Diwu Hui found it exceptionally difficult to say this. When he said this, it actually meant that Diwu Hui was about to surrender.

“As long as you serve me well, I will naturally treat you well. I will definitely give you benefits, just like the Mechanical Spirit Race,” Xu Tui said.

“This… Can there be a specific standard of treatment?” Diwu Hui still wanted to raise conditions.

Xu Tui let out a cold grunt when he heard that. The God Slaying Sword and Small God Slaying Sword above his head trembled at the same time. He looked at Diliu Xiaoshu. “Do you want to surrender or negotiate?”

Diliu Xiaoshu was shocked. “I surrender. I won’t negotiate. I believe that Lord Xu Tui won’t treat me badly.”

Diwu Hui was speechless.

“Dissipate your energy and accept the control over there. Stay there,” Xu Tui ordered.

Xu Tui looked at Diwu Hui. The God Slaying Sword above his head trembled. “You still have three seconds.”

Tvvo seconds later, Diwu Hui said dejectedly, “I surrender!”

Five minutes later, in Base 7, Diwu Hui, Diliu Xiaoshu, and the two quasi-planetary captives of the Fission Race stood in front of Xu Tui in an orderly manner. They had nervous expressions.

“I like to use my actions. In the future, your benefits won’t be lacking!

However, there’s something I have to explain first. I’m not as powerful as Lei Tian who can intimidate you. I accept your surrender, but at this stage, I can’t completely trust you.

“Therefore, you need to implant this into your body. Cooperate when you implant it later.” Xu Tui held a string of control silver rings produced by the Mechanical Spirit Race that Ah Huang had developed and modified.

Diwu Hui was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. He was a Planetary realm, yet he had to be controlled by this kind of slave-controlling silver ring.

“Give me some time. In the future, when you obtain my trust, or rather, when my strength grows again, I’ll personally take this thing for you. As for now, to be honest, without this, I won’t be able to sleep soundly even if I bring you along,” Xu Tui said directly.

Divvu Hui was still hesitating when Diliu Xiaoshu said, “We’ve already surrendered. Just implant it. I’ll be the first.”

“Brilliant.” Xu Tui clapped and threw out a kilogram of Origin Crystals. “Take it to treat your injuries first.”

Diliu Xiaoshu was overjoyed.

Diwu Hui was helpless. Did he have a choice? No! He could only agree to the implantation! However, he did not receive Xu Tui’s consolation of 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals. He was depressed!

Xu Tui’s discrimination was quite obvious.

However, it was even more obvious that this small method had successfully planted a rift between him, Diwu Hui, and Diliu Xiaoshu. It had planted a thorn, planted distrust, and successfully divided them.

In the future, if Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu really wanted to conspire for something, they would naturally distrust each other.

Diwu Hui could only say that he was brilliant! It was really amazing.

“Ah Huang, Yin Liu, Yin Ba, bring them to be implanted.”

When these people went down, Xu Tui arrived in front of Lei Qian.

“Alright, I’ve received your sincerity! I’ll give you a promise. I’ll let your child grow healthily until he is 18 years old. At that time, I’ll give him a chance to live. It’ll depend on your choice. I believe that you are a smart person.”

Xu Tui left after he finished speaking. He still needed to personally keep an eye on those guys if he wanted to implant them.

Xu Tui had just left when Lei Qian, who had received his promise, collapsed to the ground. She hugged the child and cried.

Finally…