Chapter 1242 - 1242: The Ultimate Secret Of The Forward Base (2)

Chapter 1242: The Ultimate Secret of the Forward Base (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The battle began.

In the sky, Raymont looked at Cai Shaochu and heaved a sigh of relief. There was no harm in being careful. It was fortunate. If not for Cai Shaochu’s warning and not designing this tactic of using himself as bait, they would have suffered a huge loss.

Now, the initiative on the battlefield was in their hands.

The battle began!

As for the source of the three-phase thermal bomb, half of the Planetary realm powerhouses who came to participate in the battle today were the top Planetary realm powerhouses. Half of them had quantum dimensional chains.

Many Planetary realm powerhouses had the habit of carrying three-phase thermal bombs, especially Cai Shaochu, an old hooligan. He took out 15.

Being cautious was just one of the inconspicuous qualities of the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star. There were too many other qualities, such as being sneaky, cunning, ruthless, shameless, and brave.

“How is it? This Planet Peach is very suitable as a home planet, right?” An Xiaoxue looked at the shocked Xu Tui with an excited expression.

“Home planet?” Xu Tui was a little surprised.

“That’s right. You’re not included in the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization. Isn’t it good to use Planet Peach as your home planet and cultivate freely?” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was a little touched. He did not expect An Xiaoxue’s thought of home planet to be concerned about him. Actually, An Xiaoxue’s words were feasible after careful consideration.

Planet Peach could also be used as a home planet. At least for the time being, almost no one in the outside world knew the location of Planet Peach.

In the next moment, Xu Tui looked at Lei Qian.

“By the way, I saw that Lei Qian was unscathed. How did you make her spit it out? Is Lei Qian very cowardly?” Xu Tui was a little curious.

“Coward?” An Xiaoxue smiled and shook her head. “Lei Qian is definitely stronger than anyone I’ve ever seen. On her, I finally saw the words ‘a mother should be strong’! As for making her spit it out, it should be considered a deal.” “A deal?” Xu Tui was stunned. He could not understand.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui, who had heard An Xiaoxue explain the entire process, was a little stunned. He felt a little helpless and impressed.

More than 20 days ago, after An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu chased in, they captured Lei Qian alive in the Peach Base. With Lei Qian’s strength, she could not retaliate against the two of them at all.

At first, Lei Qian wanted to trade with them. Lei Qian wanted to obtain freedom through the information. An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu knew how valuable Lei Qian was, so it was naturally impossible.

Lei Qian took another step back to obtain the safe survival of her and her child. This was especially so when Lei Qian requested An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu to ensure that her child grew up to be 18 years old safely and give her child a chance to live.

An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu had compassion, after all, they were still women. However, they did not dare to agree to such a matter.

Lei Tian’s son, the son of an alien species, was being adopted just like that. This was considered bold.

They refused.

The consequence of rejecting her was that Lei Qian would go crazy. It directly activated the timer in her body. If An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu did not agree, the entire Peach Base would self-destruct within 30 seconds.

In the Peach Base, Lei Tian had set up a total of 3,000 mid-micro particle chain bombs. Once they exploded, everything within a 300-kilometer radius would be reduced to ashes.

However, An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu were not frightened. Lei Qian loved her child so much that she would definitely not bring her child of a few months to die with An Xiaoxue and the others.

It was more of a game.

It was unknown if it was because Lei Qian’s judgment of people was very accurate or something, but in just 20 days, Lei Qian had obtained An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu’s promise through many pieces of information and so-called sincerity.

Of course, An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu were not easy to fool.

Up until now, the few bases on Planet Peach, including the rights to the smart robots here, had been handed over to An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu.

An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu also agreed. They even activated their Spiritual Body Resonance and promised that as long as Lei Qian told them the secret of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, they would be able to guarantee the safety of the mother and son.

Xu Tui listened and felt a little depressed. Why did he feel that An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu had been tricked by a shrewd woman like Lei Qian?

“Did the two of you really activate your Spiritual Resonance and make a promise?” Xu Tui asked carefully. He was a little worried.

An Xiaoxue was also extremely smart. She could guess what Xu Tui was thinking when she saw how worried he was.

“We’re not as stupid as you think! Although we’re both women and have compassion for Lei Qian’s child, we only did that after layers of verification and discussion. It was only after we did that that Lei Qian gave us information about the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements. By the way, have you verified it? Is it true?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“There’s no verification at the moment. I’ve given Principal Cai a warning, but there’s no response yet. However, Ah Huang found a few communication records in the command center database of the forward operating base. It can indirectly prove that the Spiritual Race does have reinforcements coming from their home planet. But I don’t know the details,” Xu Tui said.

“In that case, Lei Qian’s so-called first piece of important information is not a lie! Next, I’ll leave the decision to you! If she hides anything from you or has any mistakes in her intelligence, or if she doesn’t cooperate, you can kill her immediately, including… her child.” An Xiaoxue’s tone was a little hesitant when she said the last few words. After all, a woman’s compassion was still affected.

“Don’t worry. There are also many restrictions in our spiritual resonance. We didn’t trick ourselves! The prerequisite for everything is that :Lei Qian has to be obedient and continuously provide us with the information we need. Miss Bu supervised Lei Qian to do the same spiritual resonance,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Yes, alright.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui appeared in front of Lei Qian with An Xiaoxue.

“Are you very smart?” Xu Tui said as he looked at Lei Qian. His spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, and mental perception had already landed on Lei Qian without any hesitation.

Lei Qian looked at Xu Tui without any fear. “I only want to live! I only hope that my child can grow up safely. He was only born a few months ago and already has no father. I don’t want him to not even have the chance to grow up and see the world.” When she said these words, Lei Qian’s eyes were filled with determination. @@novelbin@@

“So, you schemed against them?”

“I didn’t!” Lei Qian shouted sternly, scaring the child in her arms into tears. However, Lei Qian did not care about the child. She understood that Xu Tui was the one who could decide her life and death. “I exchanged my most sincere attitude and information for a chance to survive! I definitely didn’t scheme against them. If there is, I’ll just be glad that I met them first. Women naturally sympathize with me emotionally.”

Xu Tui activated his mind power and the crying child immediately fell asleep. This action frightened Lei Qian so much that her face turned pale.

“You… What did you do to my child? You… He’s still a child…” Lei Qian was so frightened that she cried.

“I really know many secrets! Whether it’s from the Spiritual Race or the forward operating base, the value of any of these secrets far exceeds the value of us mother and son! Besides, you’re so afraid of a child. Even if he comes of age 18 years later, what can he threaten you with?” Lei Qian sneered.

“Value?” Xu Tui also sneered. “Then tell me a secret and let me see your value. If you can prove your value, I can guarantee that I will let him live to 18 years old and give him a chance to live,” Xu Tui said as he pointed at the child in Lei Qian’s arms.

“You said it.” Lei Qian’s eyes immediately lit up. “Then do you know why the Spiritual Race set up their forward operating base on Planet Kono? Do you know what the ultimate secret of the forward operating base is?”

The ultimate secret of the forward operating base? Xu Tui was stunned. This was the first time he had heard of this.. Was there a secret in the ruined forward operating base?