Chapter 1241 - 1241: The Ultimate Secret Of The Forward Base (1)

Chapter 1241: The Ultimate Secret of the Forward Base (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the command center of Ceres Star.

Elder Chi Jing looked at the ball of powerful light projected by the command center’s computer and could not help but sneer. “Nine Planetary realm powerhouses. Most of these guys from the Blue Star are at least three satellites. They’re really cautious. Under normal circumstances, Lei Tian has already been destroyed by them and his strength has been dispersed by them. It would be fine if three or four people came to attack Ceres Star. Nine?”

“Elder, it should be because the Holy Ancestor attacked more than 60 years ago that the higher-ups of the Blue Star have a trauma in their hearts,” Feng Gu said.

“That’s true.” Chi Jing nodded. “When the Holy Ancestor took action more than 60 years ago, he almost completely broke the spine of the Blue Star. Unfortunately, the Blue Star was revived.” As he sighed, Chi Jing’s gaze gradually turned cold. “How many people of the Great Xi Clan have arrived now?”

“Elder, the Great Xi Clan only has four Planetary realm experts at the moment, but there are already 12 quasi-planetary experts. The other forces are still on the way,” Chi Wuxun replied.

“Only four? It’s been more than 20 days, but only four of them have arrived. Do they still have the sincerity to cooperate? Contact their executive, Günter. The enemy is almost at our door. What are they doing?

“According to the agreement, they have to gather at least six to seven Planetary realm experts before they are worthy of working with us.” Chi Jing was a little angry.

At the side, Chi Wuxun quickly contacted Günter, the executive officer of the Great Xi Clan, who was also located on Ceres Star. He also tactfully conveyed the anger of the elder, Chi Jing.

On the other end of the communication device, the Executive Officer of the Great XI Clan, Günter, laughed first. “Elder Chi Jing, I’m sorry. It’s not that we didn’t try our best, but Ceres Star is too special. On Ceres, the quark particle jumper of the Great Xi Clan could not be activated. We could only transit. It would take time. Or, you can open the restriction of Ceres once. Our people can arrive in half an hour.”

“The Blue Star humans are about to arrive. Prepare for battle.” Chi Jing replied expressionlessly. If he could solve the restrictions of Ceres Star, he would not need to drag the people of the Great Xi Clan to deal with the Blue Star humans.

If he found the time to get three to four elders from the Outer Sanctuary, he would be able to flatten the solar system. Unfortunately, under the current circumstances, the time cost of this plan was terrifyingly high.

He could only resort to this.

In Ceres Star, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan and the Planetary realm powerhouses brought by Chi Jing all used their own methods to hide their auras. They were like poisonous snakes that were waiting for their prey to arrive.

An hour later, the shadow of a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Blue Star appeared above Ceres Star. It then split into two waves and landed on Ceres Star. After the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star passed through the atmosphere of Ceres, they were less than a thousand kilometers away from the ground of Ceres.

At this distance, due to the influence of the various radiation and particles in the atmosphere, the mental perception of all the Planetary realm powerhouses would not become so accurate.

Twenty seconds later, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star was 400 kilometers away from the surface of Ceres.

Dozens of figures instantly soared into the sky from all directions and charged towards the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star.

It was basically two against one or even three against one. Even a quasi-planetary powerhouse could cause huge trouble for a Planetary realm powerhouse under siege.

In less than 400 kilometers, both sides were rapidly approaching each other. The distance between the two sides was rapidly decreasing.

Suddenly, the Sanctuary Elder, Chi Jing, frowned. His mental perception naturally could not reach the situation hundreds of kilometers away. However, with the help of some of the forces he was proficient in, he could vaguely see the situation hundreds of kilometers away.

What were the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star carrying?

“Explode!” Raymont roared. In an instant, the nine Planetary realm powerhouses threw out the things that they had restrained with their own strength like shot put.

Although they said that they were throwing it,due to their mighty power, it was extremely fast. That speed was much faster than a missile.

Half a second later, the leader, Erera, shot out a red ray from her eyes and instantly hit one of the three-phase thermal bombs. The flames rose and were instantly detonated.

In the next moment, 30 kilometers in front of the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Blue Star, a sea of fire and energy explosions continued to rise and be annihilated. In an instant, they covered an area of more than 100 kilometers in front of them. @@novelbin@@

More than 30 three-phase thermal bombs were detonated at the same time. That terrifying power directly enveloped the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star.

However, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star were already prepared. The moment they threw out the three-phase thermal bombs, they began to retreat. The moment they exploded, they retreated to the edge of the bullets.

However, the teams of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race were blasted apart by the barrage of three-phase thermal bombs.

The sky above Ceres Star was like hell.

At least two-thirds of the Planetary realm powerhouses and quasi-planetary powerhouses were trapped.

Günter and Chi Jing were extremely stunned. Even though the two of them were powerful, they could only bring out one or two Planetary realm experts.

As for the quasi-planetary realms, basically anyone who fell into it would directly turn into ashes.

That was not all. The Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star, such as Cai Shaochu, Haren, Erera, and the others who were proficient in long-range methods, had already begun to attack from afar and take the opportunity to kill the Planetary realm powerhouses.

In this short period of time, one Planetary realm powerhouse had already died under the command of the Great Xi Clan and Chi Jing. There were even more injured..