Chapter 1252 - 1252: An Xiaoxue’S Question And Left Black Eye(2)

Chapter 1252: An Xiaoxue’s Question and Left Black Eye(2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The reason why it was useless was that after breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm, energy would accumulate externally. An Xiaoxue, on the other hand, was controlling her energy to constantly surge back and forth in the Dimensional Explosion genetic ability chain, trying to find that point.

This time, the two of them boldly tried the genetic ability chains that basically had two genetic base points in their heads.

It was also much more difficult than Xu Tui had expected.

Even with his previous experience, Xu Tui continued to calm his mind and focus. It took him five days to find this point in the quantum entangled state energy teleportation.

Just like before, the genetic base points he found this time were also silver. They were slightly larger than ordinary genetic base points in the illusory introspection state.

Althouzh he Imew that these points were verv durable, Xu Tui was verv careful

at first because they were used on the head. He carefully guided his energy into it and strengthened it to Level 3 gold. He slowly confirmed that it was as durable before increasing his strength.

Xu Tui felt his left eye swell slightly as he increased the intensity of his energy injection. Could it be that this point was related to his left eye?

His second attempt was carried out in an orderly manner. It went smoothly. However, An Xiaoxue’s side made Xu Tui a little anxious.

Xu Tui only used five days to find the abnormality base point. That’s right. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue called this point that was different from ordinary genetic base points but could activate the abnormality, the abnormality base point.

An Xiaoxue did not make much progress after five days. The only progress was that she had the same feeling as Xu Tui during the continuous cultivation.

On the 26th of October, Xu Tui cultivated for another five days after he found the abnormality base point in his left eye. An Xiaoxue cultivated bitterly for ten days, but there was still no progress.

Xu Tui was not the only one who was anxious. An Xiaoxue was also anxious. Xu Tui understood that his illusory introspection was very important when he was looking for the base point. However, the difference should not be so great, right?

An Xiaoxue also had introspection. Moreover, An Xiaoxue had put in more than twice as much effort as Xu Tui in the past ten days.

Other than normal cultivation and the internal circulation chain of the other genetic ability chains, Xu Tui only spent four hours a day cultivating. The rest of his time was used to do some things that he did not have the time to do in the past.

For example, doing the homework that Cai Shaochu had left behind and writing seriously.

On the other hand, An Xiaoxue had invested at least eight hours. @@novelbin@@

On October 31st, Xu Tui had already begun to inject 100 grams of Origin Crystals a day into the abnormality base point in his left eye.

An Xiaoxue, on the other hand, had been cultivating bitterly for 15 days, but she still could not find the abnormality base point. Even though An Xiaoxue was extremely determined, she still wanted to retreat when she was compared to Xu Tui.

“Perhaps… Perhaps there are still some hidden conditions that we haven’t discovered. I don’t think I can find this point.” An Xiaoxue was very depressed that there were no results after 15 days.

“Hidden conditions?” Xu Tui shook his head. Looking at the process of activating the abnormality base point, other than the illusory introspection, there were really no other hidden conditions. However, illusory introspection could also be seen as a hidden condition.

The problem was that illusory introspection was different from introspection. Under the guidance of the other party’s mind power, one could look at the other party with introspection.

However, the illusory introspection could only look at himself.

From the looks of it, it was extremely important to find the abnormality base point. After all, this kind of cultivation was useless. No one could last long without gaining anything.

Xu Tui thought hard. Was there anything that the illusory introspection could replace? After thinking hard for a long time, Xu Tui suddenly opened his eyes. “Xiaoxue, I think I can help you.”

“Help me? The effect of your introspection and mine should be the same. How can you help me?” An Xiaoxue shook her head.

“No, it’s very difficult for you to conduct microscopic perception while guiding your energy to cultivate in the introspection state, right?” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, An Xiaoxue nodded gently. “That’s true. It’s already extremely difficult to do two things at once. It’s basically impossible to do more than three.”

“However, I can use my microscopic perception to sense the situation in your body while I use my introspection. You know that microscopic perception can reach the quantum level,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s true.” After hesitating for a moment, An Xiaoxue nodded gently. “I can try, but not for too long. I can’t waste too much of your time because of my cultivation.”

“Yes, four hours a day.”

“Two hours a day. You still have to practice your calligraphy,” An Xiaoxue insisted.

The method of introspection and microscopic perception that Xu Tui mentioned was easy to say, but it was actually rather difficult to do.

Other than the absolute trust between the two sides, the requirements for his mind power were very high if he wanted to maintain a microscopic perception state while using introspection on others.

Xu Tui, who was about to complete the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain, would not have been able to do it in the past. Moreover, he saw too much information with his microscopic perception.

It could be said to be as vast as the sea. It was also very difficult to find a point. The two of them had to cooperate to a certain extent.

In the beginning, Xu Tui did not directly search for information about An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion genetic ability chain.

Instead, it was an elimination.

He eliminated the interference. For example, he could eliminate the large number of genetic base points in her head and a large number of other neurons with the same characteristics.

It would greatly reduce the targets within the range of microscopic perception.

This step took Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue four days.

On the fifth day, there was suddenly a result.

Xu Tui knew that he had found it when he discovered an independent silver base point larger than genetic base points on An Xiaoxue’s head. This was what Xu knew from his previous experience.

This was especially so as An Xiaoxue cultivated. This silver base point also had a certain rhythm. Soon, under Xu Tui’s guidance, An Xiaoxue found the silver base point and began to cultivate like Xu Tui.

The date was November 5th.

Xu Tui was looking forward to it. What would it be if he and An Xiaoxue finally activated a new abnormality?

The durability of the abnormality base point in Xu Tui’s left eye was even stronger than he had imagined.

Xu Tui spent 23 days smashing more than 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals into the abnormality base point of the spleen.

However, Xu Tui spent a full 34 days, filling in 4,000 grams of Origin Crystals before he successfully activated his left eye on November 29th.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain had already reached a perfect inner circulation state. When it was activated, there were no shocking changes like the giant foot. On the contrary, the commotion was very small.

Xu Tui’s left eye was very swollen and painful. It was also because it involved his eyes that Xu Tui took three days to link this base point to the quantum entangled state energy teleportation.

On the 2nd of December, Xu Tui’s left eye kept hurting. He could not stop the tears from flowing.

“Xu Tui, your left eye has turned black. Slow down,” An Xiaoxue, who had been observing Xu Tui, suddenly reminded him.

“Aren’t eyes supposed to be black?” Xu Tui was surprised.

“No, your entire left eye has turned black. Even the whites of your eyes have turned black. It looks a little… horrifying,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Hmm?” A few minutes later, the tears gradually stopped. Xu Tui tried his best to use his left eye after the mutation to look at the world in front of him. He was shocked. The world he saw with his left eye turned black and white. It was like layers of black and white squares. It was as strange as it could be.

Xu Tui blinked his left eve vigorouslv. What kind of abilitv did his left eve have after he activated the abnormality? It couldn’t be black and white imaging, right?

Amidst his shock, Xu Tui began to try his best and do various experiments. He wanted to see what kind of ability changes this left black eye had brought him..