Chapter 1257 - 1257: Abnormal Treatment

Chapter 1257: Abnormal Treatment

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“It’s Chi Jing! The Sanctuary Elder of the Spiritual Race, Chi Jing, is too powerful! I was careless and burned to this extent. If I did not have something to save my life, I might have died that day.” Cai Shaochu was a little angry when he saw Xu Tui.

As only his head and left chest were left, Cai Shaochu could not speak even if he opened his mouth. He communicated directly with Xu Tui’s consciousness.

“Principal, you’ve been injured for more than ten days. Why are you still like this? Is it because of the remnant flame on your chest?” Xu Tui asked.

Under normal circumstances, ten days was enough for Cai Shaochu to recover most of his energy. With the life force of a Planetary realm powerhouse, coupled with the incubation chamber and various energy support, his recovery speed was very fast.

But now, it still looks the same.

“That’s right. The remnant power of this flame is very stubborn! Even though it’s already a passive fire, it still makes me very miserable. I have to use a large amount of strength to resist it and consume it every day. I estimate that it will take at least another month to exhaust it.” Cai Shaochu had a painful expression.

“Is it because of the location of the heart?” Xu Tui asked.

“Indeed, if it were any other body part, I would have destroyed it long ago. It’s mainly attached to my heart. If I used too much strength, my heart would have been destroyed first! If my heart was destroyed, it would be very time-consuming for me to quickly recover my physical body. Currently, the essence of the physical body is inside the heart.” Cai Shaochu’s voice was a little helpless.

“You didn’t ask anyone for help?” Xu Tui asked.

“Ordinary Planetary realms won’t do! As for top-notch Planetary realm powerhouses, who would I dare to look for? I don’t want to die at the hands of the enemy and be schemed against by my own people. It will be a loss,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui thought about it and agreed. No matter how bold Old Cai was, he did not dare to invite Haren, Raymont, or Ruan Tianzuo to treat his injuries.

During the treatment process of these guys, they directly activated this wisp of white flame and turned Old Cai into ashes. Then, with a sentence, saying that Chi Jing’s flame erupted, it could not be blocked.

Who could say anything? No one could say anything! He could only say that Old Cai was unlucky.

Therefore, Old Cai could only stay here and endure the white flames every day.

“Principal, why don’t I try?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“You?” Cai Shaochu looked suspicious.

“My mind power is very strong. Last time, I almost spontaneously condensed a star, but I forcefully stopped it,” Xu Tui said.

“Spontaneously condensing a star?” Cai Shaochu’s broken heart suddenly trembled. “You… Don’t tell me you managed to perfect the Genetic Miracle’s 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain? Only then can you spontaneously condense a star.”

Xu Tui nodded slightly.

Cai Shaochu’s heart trembled again. Xu Tui’s heart trembled when he saw this. He was really afraid that it would explode. “Show me.’

Xu Tui nodded and looked outside.

“Don’t worry. There are shielding materials here. Auras won’t be leaked,” Cai Shaochu said.

In the next moment, Xu Tui willed it. The large ball of faint golden mist that had spread out in his mind quickly gathered into a loose ball. Even though it was very loose, it still formed a dazzling golden color. A powerful mind power aura suddenly erupted from Xu Tui’s body.

“I can’t condense it anymore. If I do, I will immediately have the possibility of breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm,” Xu Tui said.

“Your mind power is currently equivalent to the mind power of a Planetary realm powerhouse, a supernatural being. It’s very strong,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, how is this distinguished?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“It’s mainly because you haven’t broken through. When you break through to the quasi-planetary or Planetary realm, you will have a star halo after you condense your genetic ability chain related to mind power.

“Star halos also represented the strength of a superstar ability. A circle of star halos was the weakest. The more star halos there were, the stronger the ability. This was also a school of cultivation in the later stages. There was a saying that one’s strength defeated ten!

“It means that instead of having five to six low-grade star halos, it’s better to have a high-grade star halo,” Cai Shaochu said.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui roughly understood what Cai Shaochu was talking about.

For example, a Planetary realm powerhouse with five satellites. He had a main star and five satellites, a total of six super-star abilities. But among these six super-star abilities, most of them only had one or two circles of star halo. Xu Tui understood them as Level 1 and Level 2 super-star abilities.

Then a Planetary realm powerhouse with one satellite suddenly appeared, but he had a level-six super-star ability with a six-circle star halo.

Then, this Planetary realm powerhouse with one satellite had the possibility of defeating or even killing this Planetary realm powerhouse with five satellites.

There were also strong and weak super-star abilities.

Planetary realm powerhouses called any ability that could condense into a star a super-star ability.

“Principal, I’ve mastered the Genetic Miracle’s 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to perfection. It’s only equivalent to the mind power of a Planetary realm powerhouse with three circles of star halos, a Level 3? Isn’t that too weak?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

Cai Shaochu, who was only left with a remnant body, suddenly glared. “What do you know! You’re only at the Transmutation Realm. When you break through to the quasi-planetary realm and then the Planetary realm, your mind power will continuously be greatly strengthened.

“When you break through to the Planetary realm, you might have five or even six star halos. You might even have seven star halos.” At this point, Cai Shaochu paused for a moment. “By the way, you said previously that you want to use the mind power genetic ability chain as the main star to break through?”

‘Yes.”

“That’s even harder to say. No one has really walked this path.” “I came here this time to ask you for guidance.”

“I think you’re here to laugh at me.” Cai Shaochu glared again.

Xu Tui instantly reacted. He was so focused on talking to Cai Shaochu that he had forgotten about Cai Shaochu’s injuries.

“Principal, protect your heart. I’ll try slowly.”

In the next half an hour, Xu Tui began to come into contact with the white flames in various ways. His original intention was to use his mind power to slowly disperse the white flames.

However, these white flames could even burn mind power. No wonder Cai Shaochu could not do anything to it.

Xu Tui’s mind power was incinerated the moment it came into contact with it. It was impossible for him to instantiate it. @@novelbin@@

It was very powerful!

After trying a few times, Xu Tui began to attack with the mental vibrating whip and the mental hammer. He wanted to see if he could dispel it.

It had an effect!

If the white flames did not dispel much, Cai Shaochu would not be able to take it. Xu Tui’s mental hammer almost dispersed the power that Cai Shaochu had used to protect his heart, allowing the white flames to enter.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui, who was sweating profusely, had a dejected expression. “I can’t do it!”

“Sigh, this Chi Jing is too strong. I’ll take my time. It’ll be worn out in about a month.” Cai Shaochu also had a helpless expression.

Those who were capable could not be trusted. Those who were trusted did not have enough strength.

“Principal, I’ll try again!” Just as he was feeling helpless, Xu Tui suddenly raised his head. Xu Tui suddenly thought of another method.

“It’s useless. You did your best just now.”

“Not yet.” Xu Tui was very stubborn.

Cai Shaochu froze for a moment before nodding. “Then try. I don’t care anyway! Remember to be gentle. Don’t play me to death!”

“You…”

Xu Tui was speechless.

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind power suddenly sank into the red fire slip that he had not used for a long time. The red fire slip instantly shone brightly with red light. The red light was instantly injected into the 72-point great genetic ability chain.

In an instant, the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain shone like a river. Even Cai Shaochu could sense the increase in Xu Tui’s mind power, let alone Xu Tui. The moment it expanded, Xu Tui’s mind power surged out and crazily enveloped the white flame.

The white flames burned Xu Tui’s mind power crazily, but it could not stop his mind power from being extremely strong. It could not be burned through. This wisp of white flame was forcefully pulled away from Cai Shaochu’s heart by Xu Tui’s mind power.

The moment it was pulled away, Xu Tui was about to destroy the white flame with his hammer. Suddenly, the red fire slip that Xu Tui had activated shone brightly with red light. A red light surged out and swallowed the white flame.

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu froze at the same time.

Far away, on Ceres Star, Chi Jing, who was recuperating, was also stunned at

the same time..