Chapter 1255 - 1255: Energy Gathering Array And Return

Chapter 1255: Energy Gathering Array and Return

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I’ve already analyzed the energy gathering module array of the quantum array core you wanted alone. I’ve also redesigned the circuit according to the circuit array of the quantum array core. Currently, the design modifications have been completed. However, I can’t guarantee that it can gather energy.” Yanzi was very happy to see Xu Tui.

Ever since Xu Tui handed this mission to Yanzi a month and a half ago, other than cultivating, Yanzi had been focused on researching this every day.

Occasionally, Xu Tui would come over and discuss it with her. Those were the happiest times for Yanzi.

Recently, Yanzi had even wanted to discuss it with Xu Tui.

Xu Tui took over the design plan of the quantum energy gathering module array designed by Yanzi and studied it carefully.

“Yanzi, what do you think about the refinement of this energy gathering module array?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’ve considered it. First of all, I’m certain that it’s 100% possible to use the quantum jade core to directly refine this quantum energy gathering module array. However, it would probably be a waste to do so. Especially when there’s an extreme shortage of Purple Star Crystals,” Yanzi said.

This was indeed realistic.

The main materials for refining the quantum jade core were the meteorite ashes and Purple Star Crystals. There were still a lot of meteorite ashes found last time, but there were not many Purple Star Crystals found in the Terry meteorite belt.

Most of them had already become quantum jade cores or quantum array cores.

The remaining Purple Star Crystals in Xu Tui’s hands could be used to refine five quantum jade cores that could be used to make a Planetary realm quantum array core. He planned to make another trip to the Terry meteorite belt when he had the time to see if he could find the Purple Star Crystal.

But now, he had to use the Purple Star Crystal sparingly.

This was especially so for the quantum array core. It was very scarce now. Other than selling the portion to the Blue Star, Xu Tui had consumed a lot of it. Other than building a quantum teleportation channel on the captured planets, Xu Tui was also planning a few hidden quantum teleportation channels. If he used the quantum jade core to refine the energy gathering array, he could not afford it at the moment.

Not to mention actual investment, he might not even be able to use it to try refining.

However, Yanzi gave a second plan.

Currently, the two most scarce main materials, the meteorite ash and the Purple Star Crystal, both had different special effects.

The main function of the meteorite ashes in the quantum jade core was to communicate with the earth vein and greatly increase the energy storage ability of the quantum jade core.

The Purple Star Crystal itself also had the ability to communicate with the earth vein. However, the strongest characteristic of the Purple Star Crystal was its sturdiness.

The reason why the Purple Star Crystal was added to the quantum jade core was for stability. It allowed the quantum jade core to withstand ultra-high-intensity energy impacts. The higher the level of the quantum jade core, the more Purple Star Crystals it would be filled with, and the higher the quality requirements.

From this point of view, Purple Star Crystals should not be necessary when making the energy gathering array core.

The energy-gathering array core did not require durability.

“In that case, let’s try to make an Energy Gathering Jade Core first. My personal opinion is that we can greatly reduce the number of Purple Star Crystals, but we can’t do without them. The characteristics of the Purple Star Crystals in communicating with the earth vein are also very outstanding.

“Under normal circumstances, we would fill in more than 100 grams of Purple Star Crystals for a quantum jade core. How about we fill in five grams of it in the Energy Gathering Jade Core?

“We can try with this base number and see how effective it is.” Yanzi looked at Xu Tui. There was a hint of anticipation in the depths of her eyes.

She wanted to refine the Energy Gathering Jade Core with Xu Tui again. She wanted to have that feeling.

Xu Tui shook his head after he thought about it. This disappointed Yanzi. She instantly became a little unhappy.

“I want to see if there are any flaws or loopholes in the energy gathering array you tried to build before trying to refine it.”

Xu Tui’s words instantly made Yanzi’s expression turn sunny. “Then I’ll wait for you.”

“Mm.” After saying that, Xu Tui sat cross-legged at the side. Yanzi guarded him. Xu Tui began to build a mind power sand box in his mind. He first built the energy gathering array designed by Yanzi in the mind power sand box.

If there were no problems with the construction of the mind power sand box, the chances of success would be much higher.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui opened his eyes. The first mind power sand box shattered. Xu Tui pointed at the blueprint and said to Yanzi, “The connection of this loop should lack a buffer and need to be redesigned. If there’s no buffer here, it should be like this…”

Once, twice, ten times.

Xu Tui failed 14 times in the mind power sand box. This was the first time he had successfully built an energy gathering array in the mind power sand box.

14 very small problems could only be quickly discovered in the mind power sand box. If he started refining directly, he would probably fail for some reason.

Xu Tui and Yanzi only started refining after he succeeded four times in a row.

Yanzi had already designed a matching plan for the materials. To be honest, he had already redesigned a module.

Xu Tui would not have been able to do it alone. He could refine a quantum array core, but the principles and basic knowledge he knew were far inferior. On the contrary, Yanzi was an expert in this aspect. Yanzi’s grandfather had taught her these since she was young.

Xu Tui would have been able to come up with the idea for the quantum energy gathering array core. He would have been able to design it in a few months. However, it was hard to say if he wanted to experiment and successfully refine it without Yanzi’s help. It might take years.

After all, the material ratio was very complicated. It was not that just reducing the number of Purple Star Crystals was enough. It was a systematic proportional reduction.

“As usual, you will be the main refiner. My mind power will enter your body and assist you in the refinement. I will also use my mental perception to observe the entire refinement process to find any problems,” Xu Tui said.

Yanzi happily agreed. The fusion and collision of their mind power could give them an inexplicably strange feeling, even though they had done it thousands of times. Even though the energy gathering array core had succeeded in Xu Tui’s mind power sand box, there were still problems when he was refining it.

The first time it did not take shape, the second time the energy surged in, it shattered.

Xu Tui and Yanzi continuously adjusted the refinement plan. They tried the material ratio about 12 times before they really succeeded in obtaining an energy gathering jade core.

Fortunately, the usage of the Purple Star Crystals in the Energy Gathering Jade Core had been greatly reduced. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have used up all of his Purple Star Crystals in the trial.

“Let’s go and try it out.” Xu Tui’s interest soared when he saw the first energy gathering jade core.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui appeared in the cultivation room of the cultivation base on Planet Peach with Yanzi. He greeted Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Bu Qingqiu, and the others who were cultivating here and chased them out.

Then, he used the Origin Energy Testing Device to measure the concentration. Previouslv, the highest natural concentration of enerzv here was 5.9, but now, it was only 5-5. It should be because Qu Qingshan and the others were all focused on cultivating here that the concentration had decreased.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to use the energy gathering jade core. Instead, he waited for an hour for the energy concentration here to return to its usual high of 5-9. Only then did Xu Tui personally place this newly-made quantum energy gathering jade core and activate it.

Then, he quietly waited for the monitoring data.

Ten minutes later, the energy concentration in the Peach Cultivation Base broke through to 6.0 for the first time. In the previous month, the highest had never exceeded 5-9.

This quantum energy gathering jade core was effective.

An hour later, the energy concentration in the Peach Cultivation Base became 6.5. On average, it would increase by 0.1 every ten minutes. Two hours later, the energy concentration reached 6.9. There was no expected concentration. Three hours later, the upper limit of the energy concentration was 7.0.

Four hours, five hours, and six hours. The highest was 7.0. There were no other changes. It was not bad to increase the concentration of energy by about 1.1. Under such circumstances, cultivating here was equivalent to cultivating on Planet Kono for half a day. It was equivalent to cultivating on Mars for more than half a day.

It was quite useful.

Yanzi frowned. “That’s not right. According to my calculations, the energy gathering effect should be able to reach more than 30%, and it’s the lowest kind. It’s only less than 20% now. What went wrong?”

“It’s fine. I think an increase of nearly 20% is already quite good. I’ll slowly study and improve it after I’m done.” @@novelbin@@

“Do you mean to use it first?”

“Yes, this will be called the first generation of the Energy Gathering Jade Core.

During the operation, we will study it again and discover problems to improve.” After a pause, Xu Tui said, “You are an expert in this area. I’ll leave this problem to you.”

“Alright.” Yanzi nodded vigorously. “But I have a condition.”

“What condition?” Xu Tui looked at Yanzi with interest.

“I will continuously research and come up with new design plans. However, many of these plans require your mind power sand box to test and verify. Sometimes, I need to call you over to cooperate,” Yanzi said.

“What kind of request can that be? It’s my honor! I’ll accept your call at any time.”

Xu Tui smiled and left. Yanzi, who was staying where she was, blushed.

For the next day or two, Xu Tui set up the first generation of energy gathering jade cores on Planet Liuxia and Planet Spirit.

Although the increase of less than 20% was limited compared to the energy concentration of Planet Liuxia and the Planet Spirit, it was still useful.

Even mosquitoes were meat!

At least for Yan Lie, in a high-concentration energy environment, even sleeping had one to two cultivation effects.

On December 11th, Diliu Xiaoshu successfully arrived at another spiritual planet of the Spiritual Race, Planet Liuyu, and captured it. Then, he established a quantum teleportation channel with Xu Tui.

After Lei Qian gave him the ultimate rights, the process of controlling Planet

Liuyu was very easy. Just like Planet Liuxia, there were a large number of Blue Star Humans who had been colonized in the Spiritual Embodiment Base. There were more than 40,000 of them.

This made Xu Tui exceptionally hesitant. He did not dare to deal with them casually. If anything went wrong, these Blue Star humans who had been colonized might all die!

On the 13th of December, after careful consideration, Xu Tui contacted and confirmed that the severely injured Cai Shaochu was currently recuperating on Planet Kono. He decided to bring people back to Planet Kono.

He had four goals. Firstlv, he wanted to visit Cai Shaochu. Secondlv, he wanted to take back some of the benefits he had earned from the previous battle.

Thirdly, he wanted to discuss with Cai Shaochu how to safely remove the spirit.

The fourth goal was the most important. He wanted to see what the Spiritual Race’s seal on Planet Kono was..