Chapter 1250 - 1250: Divine Demon Phenomenon

Chapter 1250: Divine Demon Phenomenon

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was stunned when he saw that his feet had swollen three times in just three seconds. It was not just his feet. Even his calf was slightly swollen. The pair of normal combat boots he was wearing today were directly torn apart. His feet, which were originally about 27 centimeters long, were now about a meter long.

At that moment, if Xu Tui did not have an extremely tough mind, he would have thought that he was a monster.

However, more of it was a strange sensation. His feet, which had become three times larger, landed on the ground. An indescribable sense of familiarity spread throughout his body.

Xu Tui felt like he was home.

That’s right. The moment his feet, which had become three times larger, landed on the ground, it gave him the feeling of returning home. The feeling of returning to his mother’s arms. At this moment, it seemed as if the entire land had become Xu Tui’s home.

In just an instant, Xu Tui could sense a col 20 kilometers away from Base 7.

Over there, ten dwarf robots were quickly excavating. This was a three-phase thermal bomb silo that Ah Huang planned. Construction was intensifying. It was one of the three-dimensional defense systems of the future Planet Liuxia.

Twenty kilometers? Xu Tui suddenly froze. His Earth Perception could actually reach 20 kilometers. It had to be known that before this, his Earth Perception could at most reach six kilometers of mental perception.

But now, he could easily reach 20 kilometers away. He could still sense his surroundings.

Under An Xiaoxue’s surprised gaze, Xu Tui stood up and walked around on the ground with his nearly one-meter-long feet. In the end, Xu Tui’s Earth Perception saw the situation 30 kilometers away.

This view was very realistic.

Five times!

Xu Tui’s imagination ran wild as he looked at the pair of extremely ugly feet. He instantly activated his mind power. On the ground 27 kilometers away, there were sizzling sounds. The ground within a 10-meter radius had become an earth spike forest.

These earth spikes that blasted up from the ground were thick, long, fast, and ferocious.

With a thought, Xu Tui remembered that the Mountain Formula had also moved.

A small mountain instantly appeared.

However, the moment it was instantiated, Xu Tui’s huge foot on the ground was like a super-large amplifier or magnetic suction device. Countless earth-element energy in the world suddenly quickly gathered.

In the next moment, a khaki-colored mountain with a radius of 20 meters suddenly appeared in the distance, bringing with it a heavy sense of oppression.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s expressions changed at the same time. The small mountain condensed by the Mountain Formula previously was a little illusory, with a hint of earthen yellow. It would only become real after Xu Tui comDletelv condensed it into a small seal or a small sword.

However, at this moment, a realistic small mountain was instantiated.

With a thought, Xu Tui released his control over the small mountain. The small mountain landed freely.

Boom!

The ground shook!

The ground sank by two feet!

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes. In the next moment, an earth puppet rolled up from the ground. It was ten meters tall and looked terrifying.

What surprised Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue was that this earth puppet was not purely energy. The moment it instantiated from the ground, it took away a huge pit in the ground. In other words, it was an earth puppet condensed from real matter and a portion of its energy.

“Xiaoxue, test its defense.”

Three seconds later, the earth puppet was cut into large pieces and shattered.

“It took two Dimensional Slash to cut through it. It should have the defense of an ordinary quasi-planet.”

Xu Tui once again instantiated the word ‘mountain’ and began to try to compress the small mountain into a sword. However, it was too difficult.

Xu Tui even used the power of the fire slip once to compress the newly instantiated small mountain into a three-meter-long, golden Earth Sword. It gathered into a mountain mark the size of a watermelon. It looked extremely terrifying.

In the end, Xu Tui retracted his strength and reduced the power of the ‘mountain’ character by half. He compressed the small mountain that he had just instantiated into a 50-centimeter-long mountain flying sword.

Half a day later, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue finally understood the situation of Xu Tui’s huge feet. It was related to the genetic base points in his spleen. Or rather, after the genetic base points were completely broken through, the energy in his spleen could be activated.

However, this kind of trigger was not directly triggered.

Instead, under the activation of the genetic ability chain related to the Stab Formula or the Mountain Formula, the energy in his spleen surged out and pierced into Xu Tui’s feet, instantly giving him a pair of huge feet.

This pair of huge feet would instantly increase Xu Tui’s connection with the earth or earth-element energy by more than five times. The increase was all-round. The power of the Mountain Formula and the Stab Formula, including other energies that were simulated, such as the Earth Wall and the Earth Puppet, had greatly increased.

However, this five-fold increase could only be achieved by standing on both feet. If his feet were in the air, this increase would only be two to three times. At the same time, Xu Tui’s running speed on the ground increased exponentially.

How should he put it? Other than being extremely ugly, the changes brought about by this breakthrough were still very strong. With his feet on the ground, the Mountain Formula’s enhancement was five times. Under this enhancement, Xu Tui even dared to attack a Planetary realm powerhouse.

The power of the Mountain Flying Sword had also doubled.

Xu Tui felt that the magical effects of these huge feet should not be limited to this. Unfortunately, up until now, no matter how Xu Tui guided the power of the spleen, it would only surge into his feet. It would not surge into any other parts.

“Xiaoxue, what are you thinking about?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled when he saw An Xiaoxue looking at his huge feet in a daze. “You want to have it too? It should be possible.”

Xu Tui thought about it and answered seriously.

“I don’t want it. This… is too ugly!” An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui’s huge foot and had lingering fears. Xu Tui quickly retracted his strength and his huge feet quickly returned to normal. Xu Tui, your change reminds me of the horn on

Wen Shao’s head.”

“The horn on Mr. Wen’s head?”

“That’s right. It should be the instantiation of characteristics that have reached the extreme of power. Mr. Wen’s horn has made its mind power stronger than others, including the related mental-type abilities and mental perception. It should be the same for your huge feet,” An Xiaoxue said.

“However, Mr. Wen’s horn is irreversible. Mine is reversible.”

“This is the difference. Mr. Wen’s horn is more of a mutation brought about by the mutation of his genetic ability chain. And yours is an abnormality!” An Xiaoxue said.

“Abnormality? This is the first time I’ve heard of it. Why is it called an abnormality?” Xu Tui asked.

“In fact, very few people know about this term. Not all Planetary realm powerhouses know about it. Our School of Enlightened Mind only knows about it because of Mr. Shang,” An Xiaoxue said.

This time, Xu Tui frowned even more. “Xiaoxue, although I don’t have Ah Huang’s ultimate rights, Ah Huang has become humane because it has a spirit. That means I already have Ah Huang’s ultimate rights. There is no such word as abnormality in all the important information.”

“Of course not. These extremely important things are either passed down by word of mouth or passed down through some inheritance or notes. They will not be recorded in the computer’s internal data.” At this point, An Xiaoxue pointed at her head. ‘Mr. Shang instructed that the core of the School of Enlightened Mind must be stored in your brain, not a computer.

“You should have realized that Ah Huang’s data center doesn’t have the cultivation methods of the School of Enlightened Mind, including the introductory cultivation method of the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.”

Xu Tui would not have noticed if An Xiaoxue had not mentioned this. Xu Tui immediately noticed something when An Xiaoxue said that. Ah Huang’s data center did not have the core cultivation materials and notes of the School of Enlightened Mind.

“Are they… guarding against Ah Huang? They have ultimate rights, right?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“I don’t know.” An Xiaoxue shook her head. ‘Mr. He and Mr. Ji instructed me to follow the rules set by Mr. Shang! The core cultivation information can either be recorded in the brain or recorded independently. But it can’t be stored in the computer. ”

Xu Tui came to a realization. It seemed that Mr. Shang Long was extremely wary of computers, or rather, artificial intelligence supercomputers. He was not just wary of Ah Huang.

“From now on, I’ll tell you this rule. You have to abide by it! Especially the special core cultivation insights today, ” An Xiaoxue said. “Including Ah Huang.”

An Xiaoxue nodded slightly. “Including Ah Huang!”

Xu Tui roughly understood. “Xiaoxue, what exactly does that abnormality mean?”

“The full title of the abnormality is the abnormalities of gods and demons.” She looked at Xu Tui’s surprised gaze. “Do you feel that something is wrong?

However, those were indeed the words. You should have seen the Fire Wings on Ruan Tianzuo’s back before. That was the abnormality of gods and demons.

“Under normal circumstances, the scientific theory of people with the abnormalities of gods and demons was that genetic evolution had the sign of atavism. The supernatural being theory was that the cultivation process was in line with the rules of the world.

“However, no matter what, they are stronger and have stronger supernatural abilities,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Ruan Tianzuo had an abnormality. What about the others?” Xu Tui was stunned. @@novelbin@@

“Principal Cai also has an abnormality of demons and gods, but ordinary people can’t see them. Itavi has them too, and so does Erera. Basically, the abnormally powerful Planetary realm experts on the Blue Star have them,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Erera has one too? What does her abnormality look like? I’ve seen her fight many times, but I didn’t notice anything unusual,” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

“I heard that it’s… breasts! Another saying is her eyes.”

Xu Tui:

Xu Tui was speechless. Erera’s abnormality might be her chest, while his was a pair of extremely ugly feet. He could have changed his body parts. It was even inferior to Ruan Tianzuo’s fire wings.

Ruan Tianzuo’s Fire Wings were extremely beautiful and flashy.

Just as he was sighing, Xu Tui suddenly thought of another key question.. “Xiaoxue, a person can only have one abnormality, or can a person have several?”