Chapter 1254 - 1254: Energy Gathering Module And Standard

Chapter 1254: Energy Gathering Module and Standard

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue cultivated for more than 100 days from the end of August to December 7th.

These 100 days were truly bitter cultivation. Other than the time needed to sleep to recover their mind power, they spent the rest of the day cultivating. Of course, the premise of bitter cultivation was that Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had a large number of Origin Crystals.

Previously, he had traded with the seven sectors and one organization for the quantum array cores. After accumulating it, he finally obtained a million Origin Crystals.

However, the consumption was also shocking.

From start to finish, Xu Tui had given the members of the pioneer raiders 300,000 grams of Origin Crystals as rewards and cultivation resources. There were more than 5,000 per person. There would only be more for quasi-planetary and Planetary realms.

An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui’s cultivation consumption were even greater.

In their current state of bitter cultivation, Xu Tui had consumed more than 900 grams of Origin Crystals a day to activate the abnormality base points. An Xiaoxue had also consumed more than 700 grams.

The consumption a day exceeded 1,600 grams. After a hundred days, it was as high as 160,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Previously, when the two of them were rushing to various battlefields, they did not stop cultivating. It was just that the consumption of cultivation was slightly smaller.

As a result, Xu Tui still had 300,000 grams of Origin Crystals in his possession.

This was a lot for many quasi-planetary and Planetary realm powerhouses. However, it was not much to Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

The only fortunate thing was that the mining progress on Planet Peach was gratifying. They had already discovered three Origin Crystal mines. There will be more in the future.

However, An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui’s thoughts were that they had to restrain the amount of Origin Crystals mined on Planet Peach. They could not go overboard. They had to maintain the concentration of Origin Energy on Planet

Peach.

Two natural energy concentration points had been discovered on Planet Peach. The concentration was about three times that of Mars, and twice that of Planet

Kono.

Cultivating in an environment with a high concentration of Origin Energy was more efficient than cultivating with Origin Crystals for people who were not from the School of Enlightened Mind like Wen Shao and Qu Qingshan.

One was absorption, and the other was passive pressure.

From the looks of it, the consumption of Origin Crystals in the future was rather great. However, the good news was that Yin Liu and Yin Ba had already safely arrived at the Mechanical Spirit Race’s two main and hidden home planets.

The so-called main home planet was actually the public home planet that they had vassalized under Lei Tian previously. The name of the home planet controlled by Lei Tian was very long.

This was a planet that was very suitable for the development of the Mechanical Spirit Race. It had abundant metal resources. If not for the restrictions of the Spiritual Race, new Mechanical Spirits would be born continuously.

Xu Tui named the home planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race as Mechanical Spirit Number One.

The hidden home planet was a power that Lei Tian did not know about that the Mechanical Spirit Race had secretly developed in the plans of Yin Liu and Yin

It could be considered a precaution.

This included the Planet Spirit, Planet Spiritual Sea, and Planet Spiritual Cabin that Xu Tui had cut off previously. They were also forces that they had secretly developed.

The conditions on the hidden home planet were slightly inferior to Mechanical Spirit Number One, but the mining and development conditions were also very good. Furthermore, due to the limitation of the population, the resources were still very abundant.

For example, according to the data, some of the main minerals on Mechanical Spirit Number One would be mined and dried up in 30 years at most.

Xu Tui had named the Mechanical Spirit Race’s hidden home planet as

Mechanical Spirit Number Two. More importantly, because of the Spiritual Race, the energy concentration and Origin Crystals on Mechanical Spirit Number One were not rich. @@novelbin@@

The daily production of Origin Crystals on Mechanical Spirit Number One was only 100 grams. According to the standards of the Spiritual Race, the energy concentration on the planet was only 1.2.

The energy concentration on Mechanical Spirit Number Two was 1.7.

In the Spiritual Race’s cultivation standards, one could only continue cultivating on planets with more than one concentration of energy.

According to the standards of the Spiritual Race, the energy concentration on the Blue Star was 0.2, the energy concentration on the Moon was 0.8, and the energy concentration on Mars was 1.5.

This was also the reason why many experts on the Blue Star were willing to head to Mars.

However, the energy concentration on Planet Kono was 2. The energy concentration on planets like Planet Liuxia and Planet Spirit was mostly about

1.5?

However, the energy concentration on Planet Peach was 4-3, more than twice that of Planet Kono, and nearly three times that of Mars.

Moreover, the concentration of energy in the two natural gathering points discovered in the past few months had reached 5-9. The concentration was 2.9 times that of Planet Kono and nearly four times that of Mars.

What did that mean?

This meant that even if ordinary cultivators did not use Origin Crystals to cultivate, their cultivation efficiency on Planet Peach was 2.9 times that of Planet Kono and 3-9 times that of Mars.

Cultivating on Planet Peach for a day was equivalent to cultivating on Mars for 3-9 days. It could be said to be a blessed land. In fact, planets with a natural energy concentration of more than 2.0 were very rare in the entire solar system.

One was Planet Kono, and one was Ceres.

Xu Tui and the Spiritual Race had not discovered anything else.

Only Planet Peach was discovered.

According to the analysis of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, one of the reasons why Planet Peach was rich in Origin Energy was that there were no intelligent lifeforms.

Origin energy was attached to the earth vein and would not dissipate outside the planet. Under such circumstances, the concentration of energy on Planet Peach increased.

According to the Spiritual Race’s theory, there was an upper limit to the energy that was constantly dissipating from the earth vein on any planet. The concentration would continuously decrease if the speed of absorption exceeded the speed of dissipation.

It was said that the Blue Star was also a treasure land for cultivation many years ago. However, in the Legendary Age of Huaxia, the so-called Heaven and Earth Essence Energy became less and less.

That was why people could not cultivate now.

Xu Tui highly suspected that the Heaven and Earth Essence Energy in the legends of Huaxia was Origin Energy.

Therefore, comparatively speaking, the 1.7 concentration of energy on Mechanical Spirit Number Two was actually a more suitable planet for cultivation.

Xu Tui planned to gradually move the new force of the Mechanical Spirit Race to Mechanical Spirit Number Two in the future.

Mechanical Spirit Number Two had already built a quantum teleportation channel with Planet Liuxia today.

In the future, they will develop with Planet Liuxia as the center, going between Planet Peach and the hidden home planet.

Xu Tui would only send Mechanical Spirits who needed to be nurtured or those who had made contributions to cultivate on Planet Peach for a period of time.

Ah Huang had already built a new base at two natural concentrations of energy on Planet Peach. A concentration of 5.8 energy was definitely a cultivation paradise. However, the overall principle was that he had to control the number of people who entered Planet Peach in the future.

Actually, when it came to energy concentration, this was another direction that Xu Tui had been researching recently.

Xu Tui noticed another problem during the process of refining the quantum array core. The refinement of the internal array of the quantum array core was actually divided into several parts. One of the parts was mainly used to solidify the quantum array core inside the planet.

The key to solidifying the quantum array core was to place it closest to the earth vein.

Near the earth vein, natural Origin Energy emitted. This was also the reason why many quantum teleportation channels were installed underground. The energy emitted by the earth vein was dissipating in a disorderly manner. The solidified part of the quantum array core could actually gather the energy emitted by the earth vein.

What did that mean?

This meant that the solidified part of the quantum array core could gather energy.

This discovery of this detail made Xu Tui think of a possibility immediately—a Spiritual Gathering Array?

Wasn’t the function of the solidified module of the quantum array core to gather the energy that was emitted disorderly more similar to the function of the Spiritual Gathering Array that Xu Tui had read many fantasy novels when he was young?

In that case, if Xu Tui could find the energy gathering module of the solidified module in the quantum array core and refine it alone, did that mean that Xu Tui had refined a modern version of the Spiritual Gathering Array?

If he could successfully refine it and set it up at the cultivation base on Planet

Peach, wouldn’t the concentration of energy in the cultivation base on Planet Peach increase greatly again? Then, the cultivation effect would become even more terrifying.

Moreover, Xu Tui could even artificially create a cultivation base with a high concentration of Origin Energy on a planet like Planet Liuxia. If he really managed to figure it out, the importance of this thing would probably not be inferior to the quantum array core.

Therefore, Xu Tui had spent some time fiddling with this every day during this period of time. He had made progress, but he still had a few questions to solve.

“Xiaoxue, you cultivate. I’ll go to Planet Peach to ask Yanzi a few questions.”

“Is it the quantum array core?”

‘Yes.”

“Go on.”

Xu Tui had already learned his lesson. If he wanted to look for Yanzi, he could tell her openly. He went with her permission. So he did not have to feel that guilty.

After arriving at Planet Peach, Yanzi and the others were not at the Peach Base. Instead, they were at the newly built cultivation base. The concentration of energy there was higher, and the cultivation effect was better.

It was not far from the Peach Base.

Xu Tui did not fly on his sword. His left eye instantly turned black. In an instant, he appeared ten kilometers away.

Xu Tui had already figured out the current functional characteristics of the left black eye. As long as it was within the range of his left eye’s vision, he could instantly reach the area where the world of black and white was displayed.

Xu Tui had tried it before. He could see more than a hundred kilometers away from the sky. He could use quantum teleportation. However, the consequences of teleportation were a little tragic.

It consumed 30% of Xu Tui’s mind power.

It had to be known that Xu Tui’s current 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain had already reached a perfect state. In terms of total mind power, Xu Tui felt that it should have surpassed ordinary Planetary realm powerhouses.

However, the consumption of mind power to teleport hundreds of kilometers in one go was terrifying.

After hundreds of attempts, Xu Tui realized that teleporting 10 kilometers every time was the most cost-effective. The consumption of mind power was very small.

It was about 0.1%.

10% of his mind power was enough for Xu Tui to teleport more than 100 times. The further the distance, the more mind power it consumed every time it teleported.

After teleporting twice, Xu Tui suddenly remembered An Xiaoxue’s other instructions. Xu Tui stopped in the air. He took out a pair of sunglasses from his quantum dimensional chain and put them on.

An Xiaoxue said that these sunglasses had to be Xu Tui’s standard in the future.

It was best to hide the abnormality if he could..