Chapter 1251 - 1251: An Xiaoxue’S Question And Left Black Eye (1)

Chapter 1251: An Xiaoxue’s Question and Left Black Eye (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“How many abnormalities can a person have?”

Xu Tui’s question stunned An Xiaoxue. Then, she slowly shook her head. “I really can’t answer you this question. Currently, among the top experts on the Blue Star, the known experts who have the abnormality of gods and demons only have one abnormality. However, it’s hard to say if anyone can have two or more.”

After a pause, An Xiaoxue said, “The abnormality of gods and demons can be said to be the core secret or combat strength of every Planetary realm powerhouse.

“For example, your foot that had directly become a huge foot had extremely obvious external characteristics. It could not be hidden, but there were many things that did not show external characteristics. Even if there was, it might not be obvious.

“There are even many people who will deliberately hide themselves after they have the abnormalities. You should understand this. Mr. Shang had never said anything about this. Therefore, it’s hard to say if there will be more than two abnormalities in a person.” @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui nodded after some thought. “In that case, should we try?”

An Xiaoxue was stunned. “How do we try that?”

“Previously, I felt that there were a few genetic ability chains that had a perfect circulation were lacking. Right now, I should have only activated the abnormality related to the Mountain Formula and Stab Formula.

“I could try the rest. If it could still be activated, it meant that a person could have two or more abnormalities. If I can’t, it means that a person could only have one,” Xu Tui said.

To be honest, Xu Tui’s words shocked An Xiaoxue. Within the Blue Star, all the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses who knew about the abnormality would think of ways to activate or obtain it.

If he could obtain one, he would be considered lucky and become an expert. He might even become a top-notch expert. Not many people would have thought of two.

Xu Tui had not even broken through to the quasi-planetary realm, yet he was already thinking about two or more abnormalities.

This thought was really crazy.

But then again, Xu Tui’s idea could work.

An Xiaoxue did not know much about the abnormality of gods and demons. It basically came from the information left behind by Shang Long. However, the information that Shang Long knew about the abnormality must be in the head of the Blue Star.

From this point of view, there had never been a precedent for Xu Tui cultivating and exploring on his own to activate the abnormality of gods and demons.

In the information records, almost all the known Blue Star experts who had activated the abnormality of gods and demons said that they had suddenly activated it when they were cultivating.

There was no one who took the initiative to cause trouble like Xu Tui.

“Then… should we try?” An Xiaoxue hesitated.

“Yes, let’s try it together.”

“Try it together?” An Xiaoxue was a little confused.

“Xiaoxue, look, did I cultivate like this just because I felt that I was lacking something after cultivating the Stab Formula’s genetic ability chain to a perfect state? Then, I created this ugly phenomenon? At first, I didn’t even know that. Is that right?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, I know.”

“Does that mean that everyone has the possibility of activating the abnormality if they cultivate according to this method?” Xu Tui said.

“Everyone?” An Xiaoxue nodded in confusion. “This is a little difficult, but according to you, it’s not impossible.”

“Then from now on, we can summarize based on our cultivation experience. We can slowly summarize and experiment. We might really be able to find the possibility of everyone activating the abnormality,” Xu Tui said.

An Xiaoxue’s eyes instantly lit up. According to Xu Tui, the possibility was very high.

“Then according to the first rule of activating the abnormality, you have to build a certain genetic ability chain to a perfect state,” An Xiaoxue concluded.

“The second is to continue cultivating the genetic ability chain that has already been built into a perfect state, and carefully comprehend it. Thirdly, with introspection, you can achieve twice the results with half the effort,” An Xiaoxue said.

“That’s all for the time being. Then should we continue to try and summarize? Moreover, your experience is very important. Only by following this method and activating the abnormality could it be considered a replica. Only then would it have the value of continuing to find people to study. If you can’t do it, it will be very difficult to replicate it,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, I’ll work hard.” An Xiaoxue nodded vigorously.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had very high mobility. After the two of them agreed, the two of them began to try to develop the abnormality again. This time, Xu Tui chose the energy teleportation of the quantum entanglement state. An Xiaoxue naturally chose her Dimensional Explosion genetic ability chain.

An Xiaoxue had already reached a perfect internal circulation state and condensed a star before she broke through to the quasi-planetary realm with the Dimensional Explosion genetic ability chain.

However, after condensing the star, the internal circulation still existed.

After condensing a star, the cultivation would purely use the genetic chain as the main structure to accumulate stars.

Although Xu Tui had not condensed a star yet, he already understood a little through An Xiaoxue’s cultivation description. The number of internal circulation chains might have a certain impact on the cultivation speed of breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui began to do useless things. He cultivated the energy teleportation of the quantum entanglement state that had already circulated perfectly.

It was the same for An Xiaoxue. She cultivated the Dimensional Explosion genetic ability chain as if it was useless..