Chapter 1256 - 1256: The Era Of Intergalactic Immigration

Chapter 1256: The Era of Intergalactic Immigration

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If Xu Tui wanted to head to Planet Kono, he had to consider the problem of his hometown. @@novelbin@@

The current pioneer raiders could be considered to have a family business.

Planet Peach, Planet Spirit, Planet Liuxia, Mechanical Spirit Number One, Mechanical Spirit Number Two, Planet Liuyu, or even Tower Star, which was currently in a state of secret mining. Every one of these planets could make the sectors of the Blue Star drool.

To put it bluntly, in the past year, the Blue Star had been stationed in the asteroid belt. Under the development of the sectors of the Blue Star, they might have occupied more planets than Xu Tui currently occupied.

After all, the Blue Star had the collective strength of a country. There was no comparison in terms of numbers.

However, Xu Tui would definitely win in terms of quality.

The quality of the resources obtained by the Blue Star should not be able to compare to the planets that Xu Tui had occupied.

Xu Tui had absolute confidence in this.

The reason was very simple. The planets that Xu Tui was currently occupying were all planets with high mining and development value that the Spiritual Race had discovered in the solar system over the past hundred years.

The quality of the resources was definitely excellent.

On the contrary, the exploration of the Blue Star was limited. Currently, they were basically in a state where they could eat anything.

Therefore, the defense of his hometown had to be good.

Firstly, it was to guard against the possibility of the Blue Star stealing them. Secondly, it was to guard against the remaining forces of the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan.

One or two Planetary realm experts were not enough to deal with such an accident. In the end, Xu Tui decided to leave all four Planetary realm experts, including Bu Qingqiu, behind.

At the cost of not caring about the consumption of the quantum array core, Ah Huang designed a support defense system for Xu Tui.

The main defense system was mainly based on the four planets, Planet Liuxia, Planet Peach, Planet Spirit, and Planet Liuyu. Each of the four planets had at least two quantum teleportation channels.

For example, Planet Spirit had established a quantum teleportation channel with Planet Liuyu and Planet Liuxia.

If Planet Spirit encountered an accident, other than the Planetary realm powerhouses stationed on Planet Spirit, three Planetary realm powerhouses and several quasi-planetary realm powerhouses would gather in the shortest time possible.

Under such circumstances, unless they encountered a large-scale operation like the Blue Star or an attack from an expert like the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary Elder, Chi Jing, they would have the ability to protect themselves.

Based on the current situation, Xu Tui felt that it was relatively safe to leave a total of four Planetary realm powerhouses in his hometown to guard under this support system.

Of course, it was just that the consumption of the quantum array core was a little high. He had used six to seven more sets. When Diwu Hui occupied Planet Liufeng in a few days, he would have to consume a few more sets to form a three-dimensional defense system.

As for Xu Tui himself, he had only brought two quasi-planetary experts, Lavis and Yin Wushu. Including An Xiaoxue, there were a total of four people.

If there was really a conflict in the Blue Star, it would not be enough to bring a

Planetary realm. It was better not to bring one.

It was worth mentioning that when Xu Tui turned around and headed for

Planet Kono, he had already sent 20 Transmutation Realm experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race and 100 Evolution Realm experts to Planet Peach to cultivate after Xu Tui personally used the Spiritual Shackles.

After a period of time, there might be a few more quasi-planets and dozens of Transmutation Realm experts. It could be considered an accumulation of power.

In addition, when Yin Ba received their hidden home planet, which was also the Mechanical Spirit Number Two that Xu Tui had named, he also received two quasi-planetary experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The two quasi-planets of the Mechanical Spirit Race on the hidden home planet were the last seeds of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

It was preserved because Lei Tian did not know.

This way, Xu Tui currently had five quasi-planetary experts from the

Mechanical Spirit Race and two quasi-planetary experts from the Fission Race. There were a total of 12 quasi-planetary experts, including Lavis, the Spirit Queen, Yanzi, Bu Qingqiu, and An Xiaoxue.

When they gathered, they could be considered a strong force.

“Commander, I’m about to suffocate to death guarding Planet Spirit alone! When are you going to let me reunite with Mr. Qu and Mr. Wen?” Yan Lie complained when Xu Tui arrived at Planet Spirit.

“Old Yan, I didn’t expect you to like men.” Xu Tui was stunned. Then, he struggled free from Yan Lie’s arm with a look of disdain. “I’m afraid. Stay away from me.”

Yan Lie was stunned and anxious. “Bah, bah, bah. I’m a man. You’re the one who likes men!”

At the side, An Xiaoxue’s gaze instantly landed on Yan Lie. Yan Lie could only smile bitterly. “I… Commander, I like women, but I don’t like being alone even more! Other than the ant beasts, there’s no one else who can talk here.’

Xu Tui stopped joking with Yan Lie when he saw that he was about to go crazy. He patted his shoulder and said, “We’ve already agreed on a rotation plan. We have to take turns on these planets ourselves. They were on duty once every three months. Wen Shao will come over to take over from you tomorrow.” “Tomorrow, that’s great!” Yan Lie heaved a sigh of relief.

It did not matter if he was alone for a day or two. He could take it if he did not speak for a month. However, he felt like he was going crazy after three months of no communication.

Fortunately, the smart computer did not have any emotions. Otherwise, the smart computer in the base would have been called a lunatic by him. The problem of manpower was also one of the important problems that Xu Tui had to prepare to solve this time.

The transit planet between Planet Spirit and Manut was still there, but it was not often activated. It would only be activated with Origin Crystals when it was needed.

Xu Tui had gone over this time to build a new communication channel with the Blue Star. Even if he arrived at the transit planet between Planet Spirit and the Manut asteroid, it would still take two days to reach Manut.

It was not convenient.

Moreover, with the destruction of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, the advantage of the extra-terrestrial asteroid was instantly gone.

In the future, the core planets of the Blue Star would be Planet Kono and Ceres.

Xu Tui planned to abandon this tunnel after some time. Otherwise, it would be a waste of Origin Crystals to keep it. He did not plan to pilot a fighter jet to Manut for two days after he arrived at the transit planet. Time was rather precious.

He directly asked Lavis to undergo a short-range jump.

During this period of time, Lavis’ strength had increased to a certain extent. Originally, he had been drained after five short-range jumps. Now, he could jump six times, the distance of one jump had increased from 300,000 to 320,000 kilometers.

His strength had indeed increased, but it was hard to say when he could break through to the Planetary realm.

Currently, it is still very difficult to break through to the Planetary realm, be it in the Milky Way or the solar system. Otherwise, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the various organizations would not be the kind that could be counted on one’s fingers.

A day later, Xu Tui arrived at the Manut asteroid.

Due to the important migration, the Manut asteroid itself did not have much development value. It had become very desolate. It was not as lively as a year ago. Many bases were empty.

Xu Tui had already informed them beforehand. Therefore, he first arrived on Mars through the Manut Quantum Teleportation Tunnel. Then, he stayed on Mars for a while before arriving at Planet Kono.

The number of quantum array cores in the hands of the Blue Star humans was extremely limited.

Currently, Planet Kono has only established a quantum teleportation channel with Mars. It had not established a quantum teleportation channel with the Manut asteroid and the moon. And this quantum array core was contributed by the Africa Sector. Of course, there were compensations for the Africa Sector in terms of the division of benefits.

On December 15th, Xu Tui and the others arrived at Planet Kono.

Planet Kono, which had been like a ruin three months ago, had already shone with new vitality. When he was flying on his sword toward the Huaxia Sector’s general base on Planet Kono, Xu Tui saw that the bases of the seven sectors and one organization had basically been completed.

The division of territory had basically been completed. Every family obtained a relatively large piece of territory. Of course, there were empty spaces, but most of these empty spaces were relatively barren areas.

There were many people in many bases. Xu Tui inadvertently used his mental perception to try and discover the auras of a large number of Genetic Mutation Realm experts.

“The interstellar migration has already begun?” Xu Tui looked at Zhu Lang, who had come to welcome him, with a shocked expression.

Officers like Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, who had rich interstellar combat experience, were naturally transferred to the frontline.

“That’s right. However, due to the limited transportation of the quantum teleportation channel, the number of people allowed by the organization and seven sectors, including the military, is not more than 50,000 a year. Currently, there are about 20,000 immigrants from various families,” Zhu Lang said.

“This efficiency is really…! By the way, the battle with Ceres hasn’t ended yet. Why is it so fast?”

“We’re short of manpower! We’re very short of manpower. Many jobs are not something artificial intelligence can do! The key is cultivation. The cultivation efficiency of Planet Kono is very high,” Zhu Lang said to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. That was true. The planet that the Blue Star used to own had the highest concentration of energy, which was Mars with 1.5. However, the natural environment of Mars was extremely harsh.

As for Planet Kono, the energy concentration was as high as 2.0, and the environment was more suitable.

Xu Tui suddenly sighed when he saw the bustling crowd in the European

Sector’s base. “The true era of planetary immigration has arrived.”

“That’s right. The Blue Star is in an uproar! Young people, including students, have signed up for interstellar immigration. More than a million people have written a blood petition to immigrate! That’s too crazy!” Zhu Lang smiled bitterly.

Xu Tui looked at Zhu Lang, who was smiling bitterly. He could clearly sense Zhu Lang’s uneasiness from the feedback of his spiritual resonance. “Are you afraid?”

Zhu Lang pursed his lips tightly and shook his head. “I’m a soldier. I’m not afraid, but I’m worried that the young people who are petitioning for immigration only see the magnificence of the universe, but they don’t realize the… cruelty and bloodiness of the universe!”

Xu Tui somewhat understood what Zhu Lang meant. Perhaps he felt that the pace of immigration was too fast. However, he had no choice. The Blue Star’s speed was just like that.

Twenty minutes later, Xu Tui saw Cai Shaochu. This time, when he saw Cai Shaochu again, Cai Shaochu was soaking in the nutrition chamber like before. Below his head, there was only half of his left chest that contained the heart.

What was even more shocking was that there was a wisp of white flame still burning in his heart..