Chapter 1259 - 1259: Meeting, No Share (1)

Chapter 1259: Meeting, No Share (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Planet Kono, the Huaxia Sector’s general base’s underground medical center.

Xu Tui was stunned. Cai Shaochu, who was left with his head, left chest, and heart exposed, also looked at Xu Tui in a daze. The feeling Xu Tui gave Cai

Shaochu when he swallowed the white flames, which was the power of Chi Jing’s Bone Phosphorus Demon Flame, was very strange.

It did not feel powerful, but it was very powerful and strange.

As the wisp of bone phosphorus demon flame that had tortured Cai Shaochu for a month was swallowed, Cai Shaochu’s powerful Planetary realm life force seemed to have been completely liberated.

In just an instant, Cai Shaochu’s heart started to beat vigorously. The thumping sound entered Xu Tui’s ears through the nutrition chamber. Visible to the naked eye, the terrifying wound began to squirm. Threads of flesh began to grow, and the nutrition fluid level in the nutrition chamber began to slowly decrease.

Cai Shaochu’s injuries quickly recovered.

“Phew, how refreshing!” Cai Shaochu stared at Xu Tui with a strange expression. He stretched out his hand comfortably and said, “It’s been a month. It has tortured me every day. It’s finally gone today. I would be able to leave this thing in three days. I’ll be able to return to normal in ten days at most.”

“Principal, that…”

“Don’t say it!” Cai Shaochu suddenly interrupted Xu Tui. “Everyone has secrets. You have them, and so do I. So don’t say it. There’s no need! Unless you think that your secret needs my help!”

Xu Tui scratched his head. He did not know if he should reveal the secret of the red fire slip. The red fire slip had only revealed a little of its power just now, but its aura must have been revealed.

After removing the white flame at his heart, Cai Shaochu felt much more relaxed. “Tell me, you usually don’t visit unless you need something. You came specially to see me today. If you have anything to say, just say it. Don’t beat around the bush.”

“How can that be? Look at you. I’ve just treated your injuries, yet you’re scolding me! Can’t I specially come to see you?” Xu Tui smiled.

“Alright, I have to thank you for this! However, you must have something else on. If you have something to say, quickly say it. If not, get lost. Don’t delay my recovery! I still have to refine my newly recovered body,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui chuckled. “Principal, there are a few things.”

“Look, a few. Tell me. I’m listening.”

“Firstly, I’m short-handed.”

Two minutes later, Cai Shaochu was stunned. “You’re saying that you’ve actually occupied and controlled five to six planets?”

“Yes, there might be a few more in the future.”

Xu Tui basically told Cai Shaochu about the planets he had occupied, including Planet Peach. Actually, Cai Shaochu had vaguely known about Planet Peach before. Of course, Old Cai only knew that there was such a planet. He did not know the exact location.

Xu Tui was stunned by his tone. Then, he smiled bitterly. He reacted. Cai Shaochu was speaking with an official attitude, not based on personal relations. He instantly understood that he had not adjusted his status.

He was the commander of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. Currently, in the definition of an organization and the seven sectors of the Blue Star, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders was already an independent Blue Star organization and not an organization that belonged to the Huaxia Sector.

Moreover, this was also Xu Tui’s mistake previously. Things like asking Huaxia for manpower was not something that private relations could deal with. They had to travel according to official business. @@novelbin@@

“Do you understand?” Cai Shaochu asked Xu Tui, who was deep in thought.

“Understood.” Xu Tui nodded. He already understood Cai Shaochu’s intentions. Cai Shaochu had probably taught him another lesson.

“Do you have any requests for manpower?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“On the Huaxia Sector’s side, they have to undergo a heavy screening and identity check. They can’t be too weak. It would be best if there are more people! I’m too short of people at the moment.” After Xu Tui finished speaking, he added, “It would be best if it was someone I was familiar with.” “Your previous comrades in the Worldly Special Force?” Cai Shaochu asked.

Xu Tui nodded.

“I’ll consider this. However, there’s a general premise. We’ll explain the current situation of the pioneer raiders to them. Whether they go to your side or not will depend on whether they’re willing or not! If they’re unwilling, we definitely can’t force them,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Yes, thank you, Principal.”

“Don’t worry. I’ll help you advance this matter. I’ll try my best to recruit as many elites as possible for you! However, don’t expect too much from them in terms of strength. Quasi-planetary realm is basically impossible. Transmutation Realms might be possible, but not many. They are mainly at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

“Currently, we have begun to expand in the solar system. Powerful cultivators are also extremely scarce,” Cai Shaochu said.

“I understand.”

“In addition, this kind of thing can actually be considered an exchange between organizations! The communication between your pioneer raiders and the

Huaxia Sector. Therefore, there has to be a give and take, ” Cai Shaochu said.

“A deal?” Xu Tui frowned.

“Don’t make it sound so ugly. Mutual assistance! Mutual assistance with mutual benefits. There are also some things that the Huaxia Sector is short of. You have to understand that long-term cooperation has to be based on benefits. Cooperation based on emotions and relationships can’t last long,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Quantum array core? How is it?” Xu Tui said with a smile..