Chapter 1253 - 1253: The Ability Of Silver Eye And Black Eye

Chapter 1253: The Ability of Silver Eye and Black Eye

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After he activated the black eye in his left eye, the world in his left eye became black and white. This made Xu Tui’s imagination run wild.

According to Huaxia’s traditional culture, did black and white represent Yin and Yang? Life and death at one glance?

That would be heaven-defying.

Xu Tui did not dare to look at An Xiaoxue before he figured out this ability. What if he had seen some problems from An Xiaoxue?

However, in reality, Xu Tui did not have that kind of ability.

Xu Tui immediately asked Wen Shao to get some aboriginal animals for him from Planet Peach. There were no aboriginal creatures on Planet Liuxia, but there were on Planet Peach. Unfortunately, Xu Tui stared at them with his left eye for a long time. These small animals did not die, much being tortured.

It was simply…

Then what was going on? What kind of ability was it?

According to his previous experience, the abilities of the abnormality should be related to the relevant genetic ability chains. Xu Tui activated the energy teleportation of the quantum entanglement state to try.

He still did not notice the power of the left eye. Even when he was undergoing Energy Teleportation, the black eye in his left eye did not enhance energy teleportation at all.

What the hell was going on?

Xu Tui did not understand at all.

An Xiaoxue gave several suggestions, but none of them were accurate.

An Xiaoxue continued to cultivate, while Xu Tui had been exploring the ability of the left black eye for the past few days. It was constantly switching from the world of black and white and a normal world. He had almost gone crazy.

On the 7th of December, after continuous cultivation, An Xiaoxue’s abnormality was also activated. Xu Tui had yet to figure out the ability of his left eye.

Coincidentally, An Xiaoxue’s abnormality was also in her eye. Furthermore, it was also her left eye.

However, An Xiaoxue’s left eye was silver. Her pupils, including the whites of her eyes, were silver-white.

Silver left eye.

Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue, who had activated the abnormality. He had an expectant expression as he waited for An Xiaoxue to figure out the function of the silver eye.

In just half a day, An Xiaoxue had studied most of the abilities of the silver eye in her left eye.

“My left eye, Silver Pupil, is related to my ability, Dimensional Slash. It has two basic abilities. The first is that it can increase the range of my Dimensional Slash. Before this, the range of my Dimensional Slash was only one meter square. It can increase by about 50% ” An Xiaoxue said.

“It’s not very useful to increase the Dimensional Slash from one meter to 1.5 meters, right? It’s equivalent to changing the meter-long saber in my hand to

1.5 meters.” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“It’s not just the length, but also the thickness! For example, cutting the safety door. Originally, I could only cut one meter wide and one meter thick. Now, I can cut one and a half meters.”

An Xiaoxue’s analogy was not too vivid, but Xu Tui understood. “What’s the second one?”

“The second one is a little taxing on my mind power.”

‘Why?”

“Let me show you. Don’t run forward later. Remember to release your mental perception later,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui did not understand, but he still pushed his mental perception to its limits. In the next moment, he suddenly felt an indescribable palpitation in his heart. There were no changes in front of him, but it gave him an indescribable sense of crisis and fear. He felt that if he did not move, there would be an invisible mouth in front of him that wanted to devour him.

Xu Tui quickly retreated. Then, he looked at An Xiaoxue nervously and asked, “What’s going on?”

“Dimensional Space Rift. It is to directly tear open a dimensional spatial crack. In theory, it should be able to devour everything, everything that is weaker than dimensional space!” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui raised a Vajra Shield and carefully sent it to the area that felt extremely dangerous. Silently, half of the Vajra Shield disappeared.

This shocked Xu Tui. He activated his mind power, and his feet suddenly increased by three times. He stepped on the ground, and an earthen yellow mountain instantly appeared. Then, it blasted towards the invisible dimensional spatial crack.

Without warning, the small mountain began to disappear again.

Xu Tui’s expression changed. He continuously compressed his mind power. Soon, he compressed the small mountain into a small mountain the size of a watermelon. It smashed toward the invisible dimensional crack again.

Crack!

Half of the mountain disappeared. However, in his mental perception, the danger that he could not see but could sense also disappeared.

“The dimensional spatial rift I tore open is destroyed. Your Mountain Mark is very strong,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui nodded.

Before the abnormality, the Earth’s Foot, his Mountain Formula could barely threaten a Planetary realm powerhouse. Now that he had the Earth’s Foot, its power had multiplied. It could definitely threaten a Planetary realm powerhouse.

In other words, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Space Rift could also threaten Planetary realm powerhouses.

However, it was only a threat. It still could not fight a Planetary realm powerhouse. It hit, but the skin was too fragile.

“I feel that my Silver Eye should have other magical uses. I still need to slowly develop it,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui nodded. “Xiaoxue, choose another one after you’re done. See if you can create a second abnormality.

“Everyone can definitely have more than one abnormality. My left black eye is the proof.”

At this point, Xu Tui’s expression became bitter again. He had already activated his second abnormality, but what was his ability?

Xu Tui was very confused. Could it be that he had activated a fake abnormality?

“Since it was related to the quantum entanglement state energy teleportation in the beginning, should you try to see if you can teleport physical objects?” An Xiaoxue suggested.

“I’ve tried. I can’t teleport objects.”

Xu Tui was a little dejected.

“That shouldn’t be the case! According to the abnormality you’ve already activated, it must be related to energy teleportation…” At this point, An Xiaoxue suddenly froze. “Wait, your previous ability should be the energy teleportation of the quantum entanglement state, right?”

“That’s right.” Xu Tui nodded. @@novelbin@@

“I think the main point is gone. Previously, the main point was energy teleportation. Then, is the main point the quantum entanglement state? Do we have this first before teleportation?” An Xiaoxue said.

“The quantum entanglement state before the teleportation?” Xu Tui was puzzled. He thought about it and injected his mind power into the abnormality base point in his left eye. His left eye instantly turned pure black. If anyone noticed Xu Tui’s eyes, they would find them very terrifying.

The world of his left eye was a world with distinct layers of black and white.

Xu Tui frowned. He spread his mental perception at the same time. He had to find a quantum entanglement state first. The largest quantum life frequency within the range of his mental perception was actually himself.

During his countless treatments and instantiation, Xu Tui had long developed the instinct to instantly lock onto his quantum life frequency.

Xu Tui had not realized that his quantum life frequency had been locked onto in the black and white world. He only looked into the distance with his left black eye.

In the next moment, An Xiaoxue suddenly screamed. “Xu Tui? Xu Tui, where did you go? You…” An Xiaoxue, who was frantically searching for Xu Tui, suddenly froze. Xu Tui, who had just disappeared into thin air, suddenly appeared a few kilometers away.

An Xiaoxue was stunned.

Xu Tui’s aura had completely disappeared just now. It was as if someone had died and completely disappeared for a moment.

An Xiaoxue was shocked. However, it appeared again in an instant.

Xu Tui was also stunned. Up until now, he still did not understand how he had passed just now. It seemed to be black and white. He just went through it. Previously, there were no signs. Now that he had made a discovery, it was easier to study it.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue put their heads together and studied it for a while. Xu Tui’s aura suddenly disappeared and appeared. He figured out the situation in less than half an hour.

The left black eye was physical quantum teleportation. A supernatural being’s term was instant teleportation. It should be said that Xu Tui could teleport any quantum frequency of life that he could lock onto.

For example, An Xiaoxue.

But Xu Tui did not dare to try.

Xu Tui used an animal called the Tiger Tail Monkey that he had transported from Planet Peach. It was about the size of a human. He spent half an hour locking onto its quantum life frequency and teleported it.

The consequence of teleportation was that Xu Tui’s mind power was instantly sucked dry and he fainted on the spot.

As for the tiger-tailed monkey, it shattered on the spot because it was halfway through its teleportation. It died an extremely tragic death.

Xu Tui woke up again an hour later. He only woke up after An Xiaoxue transferred half of the power in the Silver Spirit Box into his body.

Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui would probably take two days to wake up after his mind power was completely drained.

Xu Tui, who had woken up, felt a lingering fear.

Fortunately, he had been careful and did not use An Xiaoxue to try teleportation. Instead, he used a living creature to experiment. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have wanted to commit suicide.

The current function of quantum teleportation was to teleport Xu Tui himself. He could not do it for others yet because Xu Tui’s mind power was not enough.

The reason should be that his consumption was relatively small, not natural. Xu Tui could not afford this consumption.

This made Xu Tui think of a better way to kill the enemy. Or rather, it was a

way to die together.

“Xu Tui, I think that the effects of your left black eye, and my silver eye are not limited to this. You should know about your Earth Foot, right? It could enhance all your earth-element supernatural being abilities, including the Stab

Formula and the Mountain Formula. Then I have reason to believe that our Black Eye and Silver Eye should not be limited to their current abilities. They should be able to develop new abilities,” An Xiaoxue said.

“I believe in that! Take your time to explore it. However, you should focus on something else now,” Xu Tui said.

“What?”

“Xiaoxue, you should start the search and activation of the second abnormality immediately! Now, I already have two abnormalities. Only when two abnormalities appeared on your body could it be proven that everyone might have more than one abnormality.

“Moreover, the activation process could be greatly shortened. This was very important! It might even greatly increase the combat strength of a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector in the future,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood. I’ll start now. What about you?” “I’ll try to find the third abnormality..”