Chapter 1258 - 1258: Be Completely Chaotic

Chapter 1258: Be Completely Chaotic

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On Ceres Star, the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary Elder, Chi Jing, was sitting cross-legged in an underground cave. About 20 meters below the cave was boiling magma. @@novelbin@@

The blazing heat and heat rose along the tunnel, burning the walls of the tunnel red. If ordinary quasi-planetaries were to sit on it, they would be reduced to ashes in a short period of time.

However, Chi Jing sat here cross-legged with an extremely enjoyable expression.

Countless flames rose from the tunnel and gathered in Chi Jing’s body, filling in the flames that appeared behind his head. The flame shadow that appeared behind Chi Jing’s head was actually his mental body. It was originally ferocious and vast, but at this moment, more than half of it was missing.

This was due to his injuries in the previous battle.

Those guys from the Blue Star were crazier than he had imagined.

During battles, they were all infighting. However, when it came to a life-and-death battle, they were all crazy. They wanted to drag him down with them even if they had to die.

Under their reckless madness, those guys obtained a chance of survival and he was severely injured. As a result, he had no choice but to find such a good place on Ceres to treat his injuries.

However, it had to be said that Ceres was a good place in the solar system.

The power contained in the magma of the earth’s crust was so abundant. It was like an undeveloped virgin land, making him feel very good absorbing it. If there were three to four such planets, he might be able to break through to the current level and reach the top 10 of the Sanctuary.

When they were asked to go to the solar system, many elders of the Sanctuary were unwilling to come. At first, Chi Jing was a little unwilling to be chosen.

However, from the looks of it, he was wrong.

It was a good place.

The solar system was definitely a good place. Of course, it would be perfect without the lunatics from the Blue Star. Next, his mission was to destroy the lunatics on the Blue Star and use the resources of the solar system to cultivate.

However, it was not enough to destroy the lunatics on the Blue Star with his current strength.

Although he had already reported to the Sanctuary that the forward operating base had been breached by the Blue Star and that Lei Tian had been killed, the Sanctuary had not responded because of the communication delay.

However, the Sanctuary should send reinforcements again. It was unknown how long it would take for the reinforcements to arrive though. It would take at least a year. If it was slower, it might take two to three years.

Therefore, he had to try his best to mobilize other external forces to destroy the power of the Blue Star.

It had to be said that the lunatics on the Blue Star were a little terrifying. He was even seriously injured…

While he was cultivating and thinking, Chi Jing suddenly frowned. He could sense that one of his bone phosphorus demon flames had disappeared.

This Bone Phosphorus Demon Flame was a powerful divine power that he had painstakingly cultivated. Once it was wrapped around the enemy’s vital points, it was like a maggot attached to the bone. It was extremely difficult to remove. It could torture the enemy to a point where they wanted to die. If they were not careful, they could die on the spot.

Even within the Spiritual Race, there were not many people who could eliminate his Bone Phosphorus Demon Flame.

Why was it gone all of a sudden?

It had to be a power that far exceeded his Bone Phosphorus Demon Flame’s level to eliminate it so quickly.

In the battles over the past few days, he had not released many Bone Phosphorus Demon Flames that could attach itselves to the enemy’s vital points. There were only two of them, and there was a difference.

“Cai Shaochu?” After thinking for a few seconds, Chi Jing shook his head. In the information, Cai Shaochu of the Blue Star, including the other experts, did not have such an ability. Who could it be? Did a new powerhouse appear on the Blue Star? “No, it’s not scattered. It should be wrapped up and rapidly dissipating under the corrosion of some power.”

After sensing for a few seconds, Chi Jing suddenly closed his eyes. The fire phantom behind him instantly shone. A few seconds later, the shadow of a white flame suddenly flashed a few times before disappearing.

Chi Jing suddenly opened his eyes. “So fast. However, this aura is a little unique. I’ll remember it.”

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui, who was far away on Planet Kono, suddenly felt a chill. However, in an instant, his mental body and the red light flashed at the same time. The chill disappeared.

On Ceres Star, Chi Jing thought for a long time and called his subordinate, Chi Wuxun, over.

Chi Wuxun was covered in sweat the moment he entered. He did not dare to get too close to Chi Jing. Even though Chi Wuxun was also a Planetary realm powerhouse, he still could not withstand the high temperature of the magma tunnel in the sealed space.

“How’s the situation now?” Over the past few days, Chi Jing had been recuperating. He was not too clear about the battle outside.

Chi Wuxun’s expression was a little solemn. “Elder, although we cooperated with the Great Xi Clan and won a few small battles, the overall situation is disadvantageous to us. We had a total of eight Planetary realm experts. Two of them had already died in battle. Of the remaining six, four of them were injured, including you, Elder.

“The situation of the Great Xi Clan was not much better. On the other hand, new forces were constantly joining the Blue Star. Under their full construction, the ancient ruins of Ceres that they had occupied now had a three-dimensional defense system.

“To put it simply, we could no longer attack their base on Ceres. If we attack forcefully, we will definitely be severely injured by their large number of technological lethal arms, but they can attack us at any time.”

“Can we destroy that base with a surprise attack?” Chi Jing asked.

“Under normal circumstances, even if there are Planetary realm powerhouses guarding a technological base, we can still completely eliminate them under our deliberate attack. I don’t know whether it was accidental or on purpose, but their base was built with the ancient ruins of Ceres.

“It naturally restrained many supernatural beings. With our current strength, we can’t break through their base in one wave unless you recover from your injuries,” Chi Wuxun said.

Chi Jing was speechless.

Once again, Chi Jing felt the pressure. It was also at this moment that Chi Jing somewhat understood the pressure Lei Tian was facing. The Blue Star was indeed very strong.

Of course, in Chi Jing’s eyes, Lei Tian was still trash!

“By the way, how’s the contact with the remaining forces of the forward operating base under Lei Tian?” Chi Jing asked.

“We’ve already contacted Lei Zhen. The Dissimilate Clan has also contacted three Planetary realm experts. The Fission Race has only contacted one

Planetary realm expert. However, be it the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Dissimilate Clan or the Fission Race, their attitudes are very… ambiguous,” Chi Wuxun said.

“Ambiguous?” Chi Jing sneered. How could he not understand the attitude of the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Dissimilate Clan and the Fission Race? They did not want to work for them anymore

“What about Lei Zhen? What’s his attitude?” Chi Jing asked.

“Lei Zhen said that he can return to your battle sequence, Elder, but he has a condition,” Chi Wuxun said.

“What condition?”

“He wants you to determine the nature for his brother, Lei Tian! His brother, Lei Tian, was defeated and died in battle, but it was also an honorable sacrifice for our Spiritual Race! The Blue Star humans have developed too much in recent years,” Chi Wuxun said.

“Is Lei Zhen an idiot? His brother, Lei Tian, made the battle so ugly, causing the forward operating base to be breached and the hundred-year-old strategy to be destroyed. Even if I applied to give Lei Tian an honorable sacrifice to the Sanctuary, the Sanctuary would not approve it. The elders of the Sanctuary were not fools. They also know how powerful the Blue Star is.” Chi Jing frowned.

“Elder, Lei Zhen said that he has a key piece of information. If you reported it to the Sanctuary while you apply to qualify his brother as a glorious sacrifice.

You will definitely pass,” Chi Wuxun said.

“What information?”

“Ancient Immortal Slaying Sword!”

“What?” Chi Jing, who was sitting cross-legged above the entrance of the magma tunnel, swayed abruptly because of these words. Even the phantom behind him swayed violently. It was obvious how shocked he was. “Does he have any evidence? Does he have any specific information?” Chi Jing asked.

“He said yes, there’s a battle video!”

“There really is! I didn’t expect it to really appear. Then…” Chi Jing’s expression became extremely solemn. “Promise him that you’ll let him return to the battle sequence! I can promise him in person that I can ask the Sanctuary to regard all the members of the Thunder Division who died in battle as honorable sacrifices! Moreover, I guarantee that Lei Tian’s application will definitely pass. ”

“Alright.” Chi Wuxun nodded. “Elder, I’ll do it now.”

“Wait a moment, Planet Charon. How’s it going over there? What’s the latest information from Feng Gu?” Chi Jing asked.

“Elder, Feng Gu arrived at Planet Charon again through the quantum teleportation channel of Ceres a few days ago. No one has been strengthening the seal on Planet Charon for a long time. Fortunately, Feng Gu rushed over in time and has already begun to reinforce it,” Chi Wuxun said.

After listening to Chi Wuxun, Chi Jing did not speak immediately. Instead, he was thinking, frowning as if he was weighing the pros and cons. This thought took a full hour.

Knowing Chi Jing’s habits, Chi Wuxun did not dare to be anxious. He waited quietly there. An hour later, Chi Jing seemed to have made a decision. He suddenly raised his head. “Tell Feng Gu to retreat.”

“Retreat?” Chi Wuxun was shocked, as if he had heard something unbelievable.

“If we retreat, the Planet Charon and the Muya people might…”

“So what if they come? Do you think we can stop the Blue Star’s counterattack with our current strength before the reinforcements from the Sanctuary arrive?” Chi Jing asked.

Chi Wuxun was silent.

The biggest difference between them and the Blue Star at the moment was that the Blue Star had an endless stream of power to replenish and recover, wave after wave. As for them, they did not have any reinforcements for the time being. Every death was one less.

“Elder, haven’t we already cooperated with the Great Xi Clan…”

“You’re not stupid! Don’t tell me you didn’t realize that the Great Xi Clan has been holding back and wants to consume our strength?” Chi Jing sneered.

“That way, the solar system might become very chaotic. The ancient Immortal Slaying Sword has already appeared. It’s impossible for it not to be chaotic! If it wants to be chaotic, let it be completely chaotic. Only then can we win in the chaos. Execute it!” Chi Jing said.

“Understood. I’ll go immediately!” Chi Wuxun bowed and was about to leave. Just as he was about to leave, Chi Jing’s voice sounded again. “Remember, intensify your search for Lang Fanyun. This is also an extremely important combat strength..”