Chapter 1261 - 1261: Meeting, No Share (3)

Chapter 1261: Meeting, No Share (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui did not have anyone to colonize Planet Kono. However, he planned to use a piece of territory to build a general base.

The former location of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base that had already become ruins was Xu Tui’s target. This ruin had almost shattered under the self-destruction program back then. It was relatively difficult to rebuild it.

Moreover, because of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, the Blue Star’s seven sectors and the one organization had all used a large amount of machinery and manpower to search the ruins of the forward operating base in the past few months.

However, they gained little.

Even if they occasionally gained something, it was like the meat of a mosquito. It was worthless. The investment and output were completely disproportionate.

After three months, the Blue Star had completely given up on the ruins of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

Due to the exploration of the Blue Star, the area around the ruins of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base had become an empty space.

No one chose to occupy it.

According to the situation back then, no one would agree to anyone choosing to occupy the ruins of the forward operating base.

It was empty just like that.

Xu Tui had come for the ruins of the forward operating base. He wanted to make the ruins of the forward operating base his territory. Then, he would use the construction of the base of the pioneer raiders as a cover to dig out the seal in the deepest part of the underground of the forward operating base that Lei Qian had mentioned.

He wanted to see what the seal was. What the enemy was afraid of was what we needed. Since it was sealed by the Spiritual Race, in Xu Tui’s opinion, it might be what the Blue Star humans needed.

After contacting him, Xu Tui did not manage to contact Raymont himself. He could only inform Raymont’s office of his intentions.

However, half an hour later, Raymont’s office replied to Xu Tui. According to them, Mr. Raymont valued Xu Tui greatly. He had instructed Xu Tui to contact him directly. Therefore, even though Raymont was currently recuperating, they still reported it.

At the same time, Raymont also gave Xu Tui a pass. Raymont would hold a meeting with Xu Tui two days later, on December 17th, at two in the afternoon on Planet Kono.

Although Xu Tui felt that it was a little formal and a waste of time, he still gladly accepted this news.

He could afford to wait two days. In the next two days, he wanted to talk to the Huaxia Sector as the commander of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders about mutual assistance.

That’s right, mutual assistance.

After experiencing Cai Shaochu’s graduation ceremony and so much, Xu Tui had completely grown. He also began to consider things as the leader of an independent organization.

This meeting was naturally with Wei Bin. Cai Shaochu also participated in the meeting in a virtual projection state. At the same time, the chief of staff of the extra-terrestrial Command of the Huaxia Sector and the others participated in the meeting.

The meeting went smoothly.

In the next three years, the Huaxia Sector would recruit elites who were willing to participate in the Worldly Pioneer Raiders for Xu Tui.

The recruitment was carried out in a secret manner. The recruitment range was from the top school in the Huaxia Sector, the Genetic Evolution College, to all the Genetic Evolution Colleges in the Huaxia Sector.

It was based on voluntarism.

There were at least 100 people in three years. There was no upper limit.

At the same time, the Huaxia Sector would be in charge of the multiple reviews of their identities. Moreover, the Huaxia Sector would be in charge of settling down the members who volunteered to participate in the Worldly Pioneer

Raiders. Their families would automatically obtain the rights to high -grade Level D rights.

Moreover, the Huaxia Sector promised that the members who volunteered to participate in the Worldly Pioneer Raiders would forever retain their status as members of the Huaxia Sector.

Other than that, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders would establish a quantum teleportation channel with the Huaxia Sector’s general base on Planet Kono. At the same time, the Huaxia Sector would transport a large number of resources that Xu Tui needed for free in the next three days, including but not limited to three-phase thermal bombs.

In addition, the Huaxia Sector would do their best to protect Xu Tui’s interests in the Huaxia Sector. For example, the 20% of the overall profits of Planet Spiritual Cabin and Planet Spiritual Sea that Xu Tui had given away to Li Qingping in advance.

As a mutual assistance, other than the precious database that Xu Tui had given to the Huaxia Sector’s forward operating base through Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui would provide the Huaxia Sector with no less than six sets of Planetary realm quantum array cores.

Xu Tui happily promised. @@novelbin@@

The meeting went extremely smoothly. The relevant preparations began. Xu Tui waited for the meeting with Raymont a day later. When the time came, they would successfully take down the ruins of the forward operating base and investigate what the seal underground was.

It was December 16th, the day before Xu Tui and Raymont’s meeting.

In the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s medical center that had just been built, Raymont, who was constantly refining Origin Crystals to absorb energy to recover from his injuries, suddenly frowned.

His personal communication device suddenly trembled. He had clearly set up Do Not Disturb mode. Only a limited number of people could enter through the secret channel.

“Ruan Tianzuo?” Raymont’s pupils constricted when he saw the signal. Why was Ruan Tianzuo from the Huaxia Sector looking for him? After thinking about several possibilities, Raymont picked up Ruan Tianzuo’s call. He laughed heartily and became polite. After a few pleasantries, he got to the point.

“Mr. Raymont, I have an extremely important piece of news that I want to tell you.” Ruan Tianzuo was very direct.

“Oh?” Raymont could not figure out Ruan Tianzuo’s attitude.

“I think that we might need to cooperate to deal with Xu Tui.”

“Deal with Xu Tui? Oh, no, no, no! Mr. Ruan, Xu Tui is our comrade. We are working together…”

“Just now, Xu Tui reached a secret cooperation agreement with the Huaxia Sector. He will provide the Huaxia Sector with at least six Planetary realm quantum array cores within three years. There will be no less than four Planetary realm quantum array cores in the first year,” Ruan Tianzuo said.

In an instant, Raymont seemed to have been frozen. His expression froze and there was no news. This was extremely heavy news. It was too important, but there was one thing that Raymont could not figure out.

“Mr. Ruan, I don’t understand. You’re also from the Huaxia Sector. Why did you tell me this news? Do you want to work with me?”

“I don’t have a share! Wei Bin and Cai Shaochu no longer trust me!” Ruan Tianzuo’s voice was filled with suppressed anger..