Chapter 1266 - 1266: Show Mercy? Explode! (2)

Chapter 1266: Show Mercy? Explode! (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The wind blades of the quasi-planetary assistant, Spik, that had circled to the side, bombarded Xu Tui’s body like bullets. However, they could only cause Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier to flicker continuously.

Ten consecutive huge wind blades only managed to break one of Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier.

A cold smile appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes when he saw the anxious Damons. It was not his style to only be beaten up and not retaliate. The small golden sword appeared above Xu Tui’s head out of thin air. It instantly disappeared the moment it slashed out.

Small God Slaying Sword!

The moment he saw the Small God Slaying Sword appear, a strange light flickered in Raymont’s eyes. The aura around his body began to surge. An arrow that had not been shot was the most terrifying. It was just like the nuclear bombs on the Blue Star that were the most terrifying and intimidating before they were fired.

Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword also had such an effect. Before he slashed out, even an expert like Raymont was extremely afraid and did not dare to move rashly. But now that it was out, Raymont was not afraid.

This was a rare opportunity!

At that moment, Raymont believed that this was his chance to attack. If he attacked, he would definitely be able to take Xu Tui down. Then, he would interrogate Xu Tui about the secret of the quantum array core in the shortest time possible.

Green light flashed around Raymont’s body. He was about to launch a surprise attack on Xu Tui. Suddenly, an indescribable palpitation appeared in Raymont’s heart. In his mental perception, an aura that terrified him appeared above Xu Tui’s head.

In his line of ??? a small dark-colored sword appeared above Xu Tui’s head.

It floated mysteriously and quietly. However, in Raymont’s eyes, there was an inexplicable fear.

God Slaying Sword!

This was Xu Tui’s true God Slaying Sword.

As soon as the God Slaying Sword hung in the air, the crazily surging green light aura in Raymont’s body instantly became silent. Green light crackled around Raymont’s body, but he did not dare to attack Xu Tui. In an instant, he changed from offensive formation to a defensive posture.

While he was defending with all his might, a thought flashed through Raymont’s mind. If the real God Slaying Sword was here, where did the golden God Slaying Sword that had just disappeared go?

The one that disappeared was Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword. The moment it disappeared, it appeared above the head of the Planetary realm powerhouse, Damons, and slashed in.

Damons’s mental body shook, and the fire dragon that was crazily attacking the earth puppet that was hugging him instantly dissipated. At the same time, he lost the ability to break free and was trapped by the earth puppet.

The Mountain Seal smashed down towards Damons. @@novelbin@@

Raymont was shocked.

Damons’s eyes became fearful. The life and death experiences he had accumulated from countless battles gave him an instinctive choice at this moment. The fire dragon instantly turned into a fire saber and slashed at the bottom of his heart.

The moment the blood spurted out, it was burned to ashes by the fire dragon. Damons cut himself into two. When he was cut open, the fire saber turned into a fire dragon and carried Damons in the direction of Raymont.

The Mountain Formula smashed down with peerless ferocity. The moment it smashed down, it instantly turned into a golden mountain that was three meters wide.

Boom!

The ground shook!

It was like an earthquake.

The lower half of Damon’s body that was below his heart was blasted into pulp. The moment it landed, the earth puppet automatically disintegrated.

The God Slaying Sword above Xu Tui’s head swayed. Raymont did not dare to move at all.

Only Spik, a wind-type supernatural being, continued to slash at Xu Tui with his huge wind blade. At the same time, his body was covered in green light. He should be holding back his ultimate move.

Actually, after saying so much, the actual time on the training ground had only been less than two seconds since Spik and Damons attacked one after another.

Xu Tui’s gaze instantly became extremely cold.

The God Slaying Sword above his head floated and swayed. However, in the next moment, another golden Small God Slaying Sword instantly slashed out and disappeared.

Raymont’s expression instantly became extremely ugly. The God Slaying Sword’s aura had locked onto him. It was only 300 meters away, so Raymont did not dare to move at all. He did not dare to participate in the battle and only dared to defend with all his might.

Lei Hong, who was still in a vegetative state, was an example.

In the next moment, the golden Small God Slaying Sword appeared above Spik’s head and instantly slashed in. The mental body of the quasi-planetary assistant, Spik, shooked. The protective green light around his body dissipated. He could not even maintain his floating position and fell from the air.

Instantiation, Stab Formula!

More than a dozen earth spikes that appeared out of thin air coincidentally skewered Spik, who had fallen from the Small God Slaying Sword. However, the skewered position still avoided fatal points.

Just like Vero, he was miserable, but he was not dead!

When Raymont saw this, although he did not dare to attack because of the power of the God Slaying Sword, he was certain from Xu Tui’s actions that Xu Tui had held back. Otherwise, those earth spikes would have passed through the fatal points of Vero and Spik.

Of course, as a smart person, Raymont knew very well that he should give Xu Tui a way out. “Commander Xu, I’m very sorry. Please show mercy!”

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face. He looked coldly at Raymont, who was shouting at him with a smile. He touched his upper and lower lips gently and spat out a word. “Explode!”

Bang bang bang bang!

The earth spikes in the bodies of Vero and Spik exploded at the same time. In an instant, it blasted Vero and Spik into countless pieces.

The color on Raymont’s face instantly faded. Anger instantly burned in his eyes. However, when he saw Xu Tui’s dark-colored God Slaying Sword swaying above his head, the green light around Raymont did not dare to leave his body..