Chapter 1268 - 1268: Chopping Off Hands And Preparing To Break Through

Chapter 1268: Chopping Off Hands and Preparing to Break Through

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui only heaved a sigh of relief when he stepped into the Huaxia Sector’s general base. Before this, he had been extremely tense. He was always in a battle state.

Although Raymont had used an almost obvious and clumsy excuse to spar, in Xu Tui’s opinion, Raymont’s goal was already clear. If not for the fact that he was intimidated by the God Slaying Sword, Raymont would have personally taken action.

It could be said that if Raymont really took action personally and Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword could not severely injure him with one strike, the possibility of Xu Tui being captured alive was very high.

Xu Tui could guess Raymont’s goal. It was very likely related to the quantum array core.

However, Raymont’s sudden crazy and unscrupulous actions for the sake of the quantum array core shocked Xu Tui.

Since Raymont dared to act without any worries, did that mean that the other alliances had similar thoughts or even actions?

In that case, would Xu Tui become the target of the other sectors?

From the looks of it, there was no cooperation yet. If the other sectors began to cooperate to target Xu Tui, even the Huaxia Sector would not be able to protect Xu Tui. This was also the reason why Xu Tui quickly left Raymont’s official residence. He did not pester him too much.

If he entangled himself too much, he might fall into trouble.

Xu Tui was surprised to see Ruan Tianzuo when he arrived at the medical center where Cai Shaochu was.

Ruan Tianzuo’s appearance here was not surprising. Ruan Tianzuo was also living in the Huaxia Sector’s general base to recuperate.

However, Ruan Tianzuo’s injuries were not as serious as Cai Shaochu’s.

What surprised Xu Tui was that Ruan Tianzuo’s expression did not change when he saw Xu Tui. However, Ruan Tianzuo’s emotional state, which was reflected by Xu Tui’s passive spiritual resonance, was shock and surprise.

Why was it shock and surprise?

Xu Tui did not understand, but he did not think too much about it. He went to look for Cai Shaochu. He had decided to discuss it with Cai Shaochu before deciding on his next course of action when he left Raymont’s official residence.

After Xu Tui explained the situation to Cai Shaochu, Cai Shaochu’s face had already turned ashen. He immediately contacted Wei Bin and learned about the situation through him.

“For the time being, the other alliances are not taking very close and abnormal actions. The matter of the other alliances and organizations of the Blue Star joining forces to target you that you are worried about should not happen for the time being. Wei Bin also began to investigate Raymont’s abnormal behavior. Don’t worry. It won’t be a problem to ensure your safety after entering the Huaxia Sector’s general base,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui was not afraid. He was not afraid at all. With his current abilities, he still had a chance of escaping as long as he was not too unlucky. However, what about An Xiaoxue and the others? It would be troublesome once they were surrounded.

“Principal, according to your analysis, there’s a high chance that Raymont is targeting me for the quantum array core. Moreover, he has something to rely on. Then what does he rely on?” Xu Tui frowned.

“This question is actually very easy to judge. Think about this from Raymont’s perspective. What if Raymont obtains the trading channel or a large number of quantum array cores in your hand?”

Xu Tui immediately understood when Cai Shaochu asked this.

If Raymont really succeeded, so what if the Huaxia Sector jumped out to stand up for Xu Tui?

Raymont could use the trading channel of the quantum array core that he had just obtained to make most of the alliance organizations stand firmly behind him. No matter how strong Cai Shaochu and the Huaxia Sector were. they could

not fight others alone.

“They are treating me like a fat pig.” Xu Tui had a dark expression.

“Of course, you are probably the fattest pig in the world. As long as they have the chance, they will definitely kill you,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, I don’t understand a question.” An Xiaoxue was the one who spoke. “Everyone has known for a long time that Xu Tui has a trading channel for the quantum array core. However, before this, no one dared to openly deal with Xu Tui.

‘Even Haren only dared to be sneaky. However, today, Raymont had taken action at Kono. He did not care about the possibility of the Huaxia Sector behind Xu Tui. It’s really abnormal,” An Xiaoxue said in confusion.

“I’m investigating.” Cai Shaochu was also very puzzled by this.

“By the way, Principal, when I came, I saw Ruan Tianzuo pacing around the medical center where you are now,” Xu Tui said. “He seemed to be very surprised when he saw me.”

“Very surprised?” Cai Shaochu’s head trembled. His eyes widened. “Could it be this fellow’s doing?”

Cai Shaochu realized something! Then, Cai Shaochu immediately contacted Wei Bin again and asked him to focus on investigating the key information of the other group of people.

It was very easy to investigate this matter. The number of people who participated in the meeting with Xu Tui that day was very limited. There were only a few people.

Half an hour later, Cai Shaochu handed Xu Tui a photo with a helpless expression.

“This person might be related to Ruan Tianzuo. He is the only staff officer who did not participate in the meeting but came into contact with the contents of the meeting. He was in charge of the meeting records and encrypted uploads during this period.”

“This…” Xu Tui frowned. He was a little dissatisfied.

According to Cai Shaochu, it would be a little tricky if Raymont’s abnormal behavior was caused by the leak of the contents of his meeting with the Huaxia Sector.

“Under normal circumstances, the identities of the staff officers in the extra-terrestrial command center have been heavily reviewed! However, Ruan Tianzuo was also one of us before the surprise attack on Planet Spirit. So we did not have any reviews in this area.

“This was also because something had happened to you today. Wei Bin began to investigate. That was how he found out about this problem. We’re already interrogating this person. There will be a result soon,” Cai Shaochu said.

Ten minutes later, the results came. The staff officer had indeed leaked the contents of the meeting to Ruan Tianzuo, especially the contents of at least six quantum array cores. It was also because he saw this information that this staff officer contacted Ruan Tianzuo in private. The message was extremely secretive. There was no evidence left behind.

However, there was no need for evidence in such a matter. Under the influence of his supernatural abilities, his confession was the best evidence.

Wei Bin specially made a call to apologize to Xu Tui.

“Can you deal with Ruan Tianzuo with this?” Xu Tui asked Cai Shaochu directly.

Cai Shaochu shook his head. “No, Ruan Tianzuo already has a huge tail. He won’t be easy to deal with. Actually, you should have noticed it before this.”

“Jian Zhen’s son joining the Haotian Special Forces?”

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu nodded. “Jian Zhen’s son joining the Haotian Special Forces means that Jian Zhen and Ruan Tianzuo are standing together. It might be more than that.” At this point, Cai Shaochu shook his head. “Forget it, let’s not talk about these troubling things.”

Xu Tui roughly understood what Cai Shaochu meant by trouble. Actually, it was also the troubling thing that Xu Tui was facing now.

Xu Tui also sighed in pity. “Principal, do we have to keep fighting among ourselves on the Blue Star? In the past, we were always holed up on the Blue Star. We had great enemies outside and fought among ourselves.

“Now, we had already stepped out of the circle of Earth, Moon, and Phobos. We had almost begun to explore the solar system in all aspects. Wasn’t it good for the Blue Star to work together to develop such a large solar system?

“Couldn’t we unite and kill all the people on Ceres Star first? The solar system was so big. Even if the population of the Blue Star increased by a hundred times, it would still be able to accommodate it. Why did we have to fight among ourselves now? Aren’t all of you tired?”

Cai Shaochu let out a long sigh helplessly. “Everyone understands the logic! Everyone understands that we should unite against the outside world.

“However, although the Blue Star was small, the seven sectors and the organization each had their own ideals, organizations, and interests. If you wanted to get them to eliminate their own interests and cooperate with the outside world closely, it was basically impossible. “Unless there are two situations,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Which two situations?”

“Firstly, when the Blue Star is facing destruction, the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization will really work together to tide over the difficulties. Secondly, someone had forcefully unified the seven sectors and one organization of the Blue Star. It was unification, not an alliance.

“Only these two situations could prevent internal strife. This was also the biggest problem on the Blue Star. There’s no other way,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui was silent for a long time. He preferred to kill foreigners who regarded the humans of the Blue Star as livestock. He did not like to target the people of the Blue Star. But now, he was depressed. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui realized that those alien species did not threaten his safety and survival for the time being. On the other hand, the people from the Blue Star had actually threatened his life. It had even reached the point where he could not live.

After a moment of silence, Xu Tui suddenly said, “Principal, I’ve decided.”

“Decided what?”

“Since they want to fight among themselves and attack their own people, I’ll play with them. If I don’t chop off these dogs’ claws, they would all think that I was easy to bully. Everyone wants to reach out to me! A tiger could not stop a pack of wolves. Therefore, I want to chop off their claws,” Xu Tui said.

“Deal with Raymont? Or?” Cai Shaochu frowned.

“Principal, you don’t have to worry about it. It’s best if you don’t know what’s going to happen next. Don’t participate! Since Raymont played dirty with me, I’ll play dirty with them. I’m not afraid of this now.” Xu Tui sneered.

Cai Shaochu wanted to persuade Xu Tui not to do that, but he swallowed his words. Should he persuade Xu Tui to counter every move and constantly guard against these people’s schemes?

There was no such logic.

“Then you can decide for yourself! However, I still have to remind you not to underestimate Raymont. This guy is definitely much stronger than you think, be it in strength or methods! Also, if you’re in danger, you can look for me. I can more or less help,” Cai Shaochu said.

“I know, Principal! I want to break through. Do you have any good suggestions?”

“Suggestion?” Cai Shaochu was a little confused.

“Principal, I want to use the Genetic Miracle’s 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain as the main chain to break through to the quasi-planetary realm! As you know, the internal circulation chain has reached a perfect state,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu frowned, then froze!