Chapter 1260 - 1260: I Have Nothing To Do With The Meeting (2)

Chapter 1260: I Have Nothing To Do With The Meeting (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I’m waiting for you to say that! At the moment, we’re indeed short of this. I’ll discussed it with Wei Bin and the others after I’m done. They won’t ask for much from you, but one or two sets will definitely not be enough.”

“Understood.”

After this matter was settled, Xu Tui mentioned the second goal of this trip to Cai Shaochu. It was related to the Spiritual Embodiments of the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Planet.

Xu Tui placed all the information in front of Cai Shaochu and asked him for guidance. After all, Cai Shaochu was the founder of the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute. Xu Tui could not compare to his research in this area.

After carefully looking at all the resources, Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui and let out a long sigh. He helplessly pushed the information in front of Xu Tui. “There’s nothing I can do about your idea. ”

Xu Tui frowned and looked at Cai Shaochu in shock. Cai Shaochu was his last hope of liberating these humans.

“Don’t look at me with that expression! My previous progress in the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute is still in the process of being explored. Many of them are concepts.

“Recently, this progress has increased greatly because of the Silver Box of Spirit that we had obtained last time and the equipment we had obtained from the Extreme Wind Number Seven Origin Star.

“From this point of view, my comprehensive understanding of the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Embodiment System might not be as good as yours,” Cai Shaochu added when he saw Xu Tui’s expression turn bitter.

“Of course, I have a general deduction in this area. It’s only for reference.” This rekindled hope in Xu Tui’s eyes.

During this period of time, Xu Tui had not been idle. He was not a pedantic person. Other than cultivating, he had also tried to control the Spiritual Embodiment System of Base 7. He had used various methods to remove the control of the humans on the Blue Star.

However, there were only two outcomes.

One outcome was that a human would become a vegetable on the spot. In his mental perception, losing the aura of a mental body was equivalent to brain death.

The other was to explode his head and die on the spot. It looked very tragic, but in terms of the outcome, the two were actually the same.

Xu Tui only came to see Cai Shaochu with great expectations after trying more than ten times. He wanted to liberate the hundreds of thousands of Blue Star humans who had been colonized.

Currently, there are more than 40,000 people on Planet Liuxia. The Planet

Liuyu that Diliu Xiaoshu had occupied had more than 48,000 people. On Planet Liufeng, where Diwu Hui had just attacked, there were more than 450,000 Spiritual Embodiments. The total was close to 150,000.

This kind of thing was only a number if he heard it from others. However, if he was like Xu Tui and saw his kind being raised like livestock with his own eyes, the feeling would be terrifying.

“According to the results of the research on the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual

Embodiment that our Galaxy Spirit took from the resource planet, the Spiritual Race did not consider how to safely extract it from the target’s body when they were making this kind of control device.

“They might be considering reuse. If one target died, the current device could immediately be implanted into the body of the other target. In other words, once it is implanted into the Spiritual Embodiment Equipment and connected to the system, there is basically no possibility of safely taking it out.” Cai Shaochu was stunned.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Cai Shaochu’s conclusion made sense. If Xu Tui had been the one studying this, he would not have considered taking it out safely. Being able to be regarded as livestock, considering so much was purely to increase the cost. He might as well kill this and move to the next one.

After a long time, Xu Tui felt the muscles on his face stiffen. “There should be a way.” Xu Tui did not have the confidence to say those words.

“Maybe. I’ll go and take a look when I have the time.” Cai Shaochu also had a helpless expression.

Xu Tui left early after exchanging a portion of his thoughts and opinions with Cai Shaochu. Cai Shaochu was seriously injured, leaving only his head and left chest. He was beginning to recover at full speed. It could be seen that he was enduring very hard.

Of course, Xu Tui and the others were still staying at the Huaxia Sector’s general base after they left the underground medical center where Cai Shaochu was.

Living here was also a signal that Xu Tui wanted to express.

Although his Worldly Pioneer Raiders had already been regarded as an independent organization by the Blue Star, his relationship with the Huaxia Sector was still extremely close. Then, Xu Tui immediately contacted the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the commander-in -chief of the Sun Storm Project, Raymont, to meet him.

He had two goals. The first was that all the spoils of war during the battle of the Sun Storm had been handed over to the Blue Star Genetic Committee. The Sun Storm Plan had ended. Xu Tui wanted to take back his share of spoils of war. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had participated in the battle as an independent organization of the

Worldly Pioneer Raiders. Naturally, there was a distribution of spoils of war. Moreover, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had attacked Planet Kono and contributed greatly. They had killed three Planetary realm powerhouses.

Of course, because Lei Tian had self-destructed the forward operating base, they did not gain much from the spoils of war. After the eight families distributed them, there were not many of them.

Judging from the current financial situation of the pioneer raiders, they were not too attractive. However, whether it was attractive or not, he had to take it.

The other problem was the base.

This was also the most important question Xu Tui had when he came to Planet

Kono.

According to the pre-war agreement, the independent organizations participating in the battle could obtain a territory on Planet Kono and garrison and build a general base on Planet Kono.

To be honest, Xu Tui currently has eight planets with relatively rich resources. He was not interested in the territory of Planet Kono..