Chapter 1269 - 1269: Last Words

Chapter 1269: Last Words

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“As you know, both the Huaxia Sector and the Blue Star are in the exploration stage of the cultivation of supernatural beings. If the conditions allowed it, they would try their best to make many attempts. The military would even take the initiative to conduct some experiments in the direction of cultivation.

“As you know, I have some top-secret data that most people don’t know about. I can tell you clearly that be it in the Huaxia Sector or the other sectors, there are already 12 or more experts who have used the mind power genetic chain as the main genetic chain to break through to the quasi-planetary realm.

“However, these cases are not ideal,” Cai Shaochu said.

“It’s not ideal. What’s going on?” Xu Tui asked with a frown.

“You should know that for most quasi-planets, if they use a certain supernatural ability genetic chain to break through, there’s a high chance that they will obtain a branch or derivative ability of this supernatural ability after the breakthrough.”

Xu Tui knew this.

For example, An Xiaoxue had used the Dimensional Explosion genetic ability chain as the main chain to condense a star to break through. After breaking through, she had obtained the powerful ability of Dimensional Slash, which was almost a branch.

“However, the 12 known cases of people using the mind power genetic chain to condense a star and break through to the quasi-planetary realm did not obtain any additional branches or derivative abilities,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, what are the changes after their breakthrough?”

“The enhancement of mind power! After these 12 people broke through, their mind power has increased to a certain extent, from 10% to 30%. The maximum increase in mind power was close to 30%.

“This enhancement was actually very powerful for the Supernatural Branch.

After all, mind power was the foundation of everything for the Supernatural Branch. If one’s mind power increased greatly, the power of their other abilities would also increase correspondingly.

“From this point of view, it was not bad to use mind power as the main genetic ability chain to condense a star and break through. However, it was not ideal.

Overall, it’s still inferior to obtaining a new branch ability or derivative ability,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, can you tell me the specific data patterns?”

“Of course.”

Currently, the 12 quasi-planets that Cai Shaochu knew of that used the mind power genetic ability chain as the main chain to break through to the quasi-planetary ranged from 30% to 60%. However, none of them had built the internal circulation chain to a perfect state.

In addition, the genetic base points of these quasi-planets’ genetic ability chains ranged from nine to 25. Not to mention Xu Tui’s 72, they did not have more than 30.

Overall, the higher the proportion of the internal circulation chain being constructed, the more genetic base points in the main genetic ability chain of mind power he used to break through, and the greater the increase in mind power he would obtain after the breakthrough.

“In my personal suggestion, you can use the main genetic ability chain of mind power or other genetic ability chains as the main chain to break through. However, the choice would depend on you.

“One was a new branch ability or derivative ability, and the other was the enhancement of mind power. Currently, there’s no unanimous opinion among the Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses.” After talking for a long time, Cai Shaochu threw the choice to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was also making his final thought and decision. He had to make a choice. Fifteen minutes later, his gaze became determined.

“Have you made a decision?”

Xu Tui did not answer Cai Shaochu directly. Instead, he casually waved his hand, and a small mountain and more than a dozen earth spikes were instantiated by him.

Cai Shaochu was a little confused.

“Principal, you’ve said before, Dao, Dharma, Technique, and Weapon!” In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind surged. The Earth Wall, Earth Shield, and Earth Puppet appeared one after another and kept changing. “Principal, if I master the Dharma and are close to the level of the Dao, the so-called branch abilities and new derivative abilities will be meaningless. I can completely comprehend this myself,” Xu Tui said.

“Then your choice is to increase your mind power?”

Xu Tui nodded. “You can still rely on activating genetic base points and increasing the level of your genetic ability chain to improve your mind power cultivation in the early and middle stages. However, in the later stages, it will be a painstaking process.

“Moreover, according to you, the increase in mind power after breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm is based on a percentage. My current mind power has already reached the level of a Planetary realm powerhouse supernatural being with Three Satellites.

“I don’t expect it to increase by much. Even if the increment is 30%, that amount was also very huge. At that time, my mind power would probably increase to the level of a Four Satellites or even a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, right?

“According to what you said, the cultivation span is extremely difficult. Under normal circumstances, it might take five years for a Planetary realm powerhouse with Three Satellites to raise his mind power to the level of Four Satellites.

“As for me, I could do it as long as I broke through! Moreover, I might be close to the level of a Planetary realm powerhouse with Five Satellites. Therefore!” Xu Tui’s attitude was very clear. Cai Shaochu also completely understood.

“Since you’ve decided, find time to break through. However, the time it takes to break through to the quasi-planetary realm is not long, and the requirements for the venue are not high. You don’t need a guard. Of course, you can’t do it on Planet Kono now. There were too many experts here now. It’s best to find a planet with more energy when you break through,” Cai Shaochu said.

After saying that, Cai Shaochu added, “By the way, there’s something I have to remind you. Don’t underestimate the difference between Planetary realm powerhouses. The difference in strength between Planetary realm powerhouses was not multiplied.

“However, the difference in strength between every satellite was about 50%. If the increase in your mind power after breaking through is only 30%, then your mind power level will only be infinitely close to the level of a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, not the level of a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. “That’s right, Principal. From what you said, the difference in mind power between Planetary realm powerhouses doesn’t seem to be too great.”

“Mind power is the foundation. It is also one of the important conditions that determine the upper limit of the cultivation of a Planetary realm supernatural being.

“For example, if you wanted to become a Planetary realm powerhouse with Three Satellites, there were four compulsory conditions. One of them was that you had to condense a star with a mind power genetic chain. Furthermore, you had to have two circles of star halos.

“Otherwise, if one doesn’t have enough mind power, they won’t be able to condense supernatural satellite abilities,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, what are the conditions for the Extreme Branch cultivators?” “The energy field, of course.”

“Then what will happen if the people from the Extreme Branch cultivate the abilities of the Supernatural Branch or the Supernatural Branch cultivate the abilities of the Extreme Branch?” Xu Tui asked.

“You sure have a lot of questions.” As he spoke, Cai Shaochu took out a small booklet that was only about a dozen pages from his quantum dimensional chain and threw it to Xu Tui. “The questions you want to know are all here, including the things to take note of when breaking through to the Planetary realm. Take your time to study them when you have time.

“This can be considered the exploration experience of the Huaxia Sector in the top cultivation path over the years. Remember, you must not enter it into any computer in any form. You can only remember it in your mind or pass it around in a book,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui was stunned. This was the first time he had heard such instructions. Last time, An Xiaoxue had told him that he could not upload top-secret cultivation information to any computer or data center, not even Ah Huang. @@novelbin@@

This time, Cai Shaochu said the same. He thought about the cultivation booklet of the School of General Senses that Qu Qingshan had given him in the past. It was also in the form of a book, not a more convenient chip or data reading.

This made Xu Tui even more confused.

“Principal, why do you have such a request? Don’t quantum intelligent computers nowadays have ultimate safety orders? Or?” Xu Tui suddenly became a little curious.

“Top secret!”

Cai Shaochu’s words made Xu Tui depressed. “Principal, can’t I know about this

“You can’t.”

Xu Tui was surprised but also disappointed.

“I can only tell you that these are Mr. Cheng’s last words,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Mr. Cheng?”

“It’s Mr. Cheng Fengxi.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He did not expect that the fact that he could not deposit key cultivation information into any computer or data center would be the last words of the founder of genetic ancient martial arts, Cheng Fengxi.

This made Xu Tui have many imaginations. Or were there other secrets behind the death of Cheng Fengxi, the creator of genetic ancient martial arts?

After all, in the past hundred years, the two ultimate powerhouses that appeared on Blue Star were the Fire God, Gavro, and the founder of genetic ancient martial arts, Cheng Fengxi. Everyone knew extremely well about the death of the Fire God, Gavro.

He was killed by the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor not long after he charged into Ceres Star. It also became a fear suppressed in the hearts of the Blue Star humans.

As for the founder of the genetic ancient martial arts, Cheng Fengxi, the commander of the Pangu Special Forces, had died in battle or disappeared in the pursuit of the asteroid belt. Even with Xu Tui’s authority and Ah Huang’s search ability, this was all he obtained.

“When you break through to the Planetary realm, you will have a chance to come into contact with Mr. Cheng’s last words,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Contact?” Xu Tui’s pupils instantly constricted. He could still come into contact with his last words.

“You’ll know in the future! You’re already at the peak of the Transmutation Realm and already have the strength of a quasi-planet, your breakthrough is also imminent. However, I can only tell you that the truth about the world you see and the universe and space is just a glimpse into the future,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Just a glimpse…” Xu Tui smiled bitterly.

Xu Tui left after chatting with Cai Shaochu for a while. He did not want to discuss the rest with Cai Shaochu. He had to make a decision himself. In the past, Xu Tui’s father, Xu Jianguo, had always taught him that he had to be kind to others. It was also convenient.

However, Xu Tui realized that as the leader of an independent organization, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, this was no longer enough. As the regiment commander, he had to return an eye for an eye..