Chapter 1262 - 1262: Becoming A Hedgehog (1)

Chapter 1262: Becoming A Hedgehog (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It was one o’clock in the afternoon on December 17th. There was still an hour before Xu Tui’s meeting with the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont.

Raymont finally made a final decision after pacing back and forth in his private ward for nearly an hour. Through the secret frequency, he immediately established a secret Internet conference center and sent a message. @@novelbin@@

A few minutes later, Ruan Tianzuo’s virtual projection landed in the meeting room. However, his image was completely different, including his voice.

Ruan Tianzuo was still extremely cautious. ‘Mr. Raymont, have you made your final decision? Or is it a plan?”

“A plan.” Raymont’s voice was very certain. Ruan Tianzuo could not help but be delighted.

After contacting Raymont yesterday, he only said that he would consider it. He did not give an answer. However, now that it was a plan, it meant that Raymont had decided to take action. It seemed that Raymont had also done a lot of investigation since yesterday.

“When are you going to attack? How do you need me to cooperate with you?”

Ruan Tianzuo asked.

“I’ll have a meeting with him today. I’ll look for an opportunity to attack during the meeting,” Raymont said.

Raymont’s words shocked Ruan Tianzuo. “Isn’t it too radical to attack on Planet Kono?

“Once there’s a change, it might attract the Huaxia Sector’s revenge. At that time, even I won’t be able to refuse Wei Bin’s orders.”

“I definitely won’t attack directly. I’ll find an opportunity in other ways. Then, as soon as I have the chance, I’ll attack with all my might to take down Xu Tui,” Raymont said.

“Other ways to find an opportunity?” Ruan Tianzuo did not understand.

“For example, a spar?”

“Don’t tell me you want to send a Planetary realm expert to spar with Xu Tui? Although Xu Tui is very strong, his cultivation on the surface is still only at the Transmutation Realm. Even a fool would know that there’s a problem if you send a Planetary realm expert to spar with him,” Ruan Tianzuo said. “Of course not the Planetary realm. A quasi-planetary, right?”

“How can a quasi-planetary be enough?” Ruan Tianzuo became anxious. He had fully participated in this plan.

“Of course not. However, it’s just creating an opportunity. You know that even I have to be careful of Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword. The captured Lei Hong is still in a vegetative state,” Raymont said.

“Alright, I understand. However, you should try your best to be thorough. It would be best if there are two or even three Planetary realm powerhouses on standby,” Ruan Tianzuo suggested.

“I don’t have that many Planetary realm powerhouses under me. Moreover, it’s already good enough that there’s one Planetary realm powerhouse present. Two to three Planetary realm powerhouses present would scare Xu Tui away. I had a meeting within the Blue Star at noon today, not a war negotiation!” Raymont said.

“Alright, what do you need me to do?” “There’s something you have to achieve.”

“Shoot. ”

“After my plan is completed, the people that Xu Tui left outside might be able to warn the Huaxia Sector or ask for help. Of course, in the worst-case scenario, Xu Tui would even send out some emergency signals. I could not predict this. Therefore, I need you to help me stall the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Huaxia Sector who are currently on Planet Kono, Cai Shaochu and Pei Tiefeng,” Raymont said.

“How long?”

“If the plan succeeds, it will take at least half an hour for me to make Xu Tui confess. If it doesn’t, it might take three hours or even more if I use all kinds of unconventional methods,” Raymont said.

“Understood. I’ll prepare a plan. You can inform me at any time.” After a pause, Ruan Tianzuo asked, “By the way, how should we split the spoils after the matter is done?”

“The information is completely shared. The quantum array cores obtained are equally divided.”

“Okay!”

At 1:45 p.m., An Xiaoxue had already prepared a set of combat uniforms that she and Xu Tui had redesigned for Xu Tui.

Since the Worldly Pioneer Raiders was now an organization that could stand on equal footing with the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization, they had to have their own logo. It was a little exhausting to design this.

In the end, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue decided that with the starry sky of the meteor shower as the backdrop and a small golden sword that soared into the sky, it would temporarily be the symbol of the pioneer raiders.

It was the mark of the God Slaying Sword.

After An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui designed it, they sent it to the factory.

Although Planet Kono had just been built, various mature production lines had long been able to move over through the quantum teleportation channel. He sent it yesterday and received a sample today.

No one on the Blue Star could compare to him in this aspect. Even though Xu Tui had at least eight rich high -resource planets, he still could not compare.

This was also the fundamental reason why Xu Tui chose to establish a quantum teleportation channel with the Huaxia Sector in private.

Xu Tui had no problems surviving in the Worldly Pioneer Raiders on Planet Peach, but there were problems with the living environment.

No matter how tough a member’s nerves were, they could not survive for a long time. Instead, they needed to live.

“Not bad. Heroic and quite handsome! This chest mark, armband, and collar piercing sleeve mark are all very beautiful. It’s just that they look a little…” After arranging Xu Tui’s clothes, An Xiaoxue sized him up for a while. She suddenly wanted to say something but hesitated.

“What?”

“The sword mainly represents sharpness. Wearing such a casual outfit with a sword as a mark is a little… show off one’s ability,” An Xiaoxue said.

“To show off one’s ability?” Xu Tui suddenly smiled when he heard that. “You have to be reserved when you act, but your attitude has to be fierce. After all, most people know that our pioneer raiders are a piece of fat meat..”