Chapter 1265 - 1265: Hold Back? Explode! (1)

Chapter 1265: Hold Back? Explode! (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At the edge of the training ground, Raymont, Damons, and the assistant of the quasi-planetary were all stunned when they heard Vero’s screams.

Damn it, could he be any more exaggerated?

They had been deducing for a full day about Vero challenging Xu Tui. They had come up with a plan for almost all the situations that would happen when Vero challenged Xu Tui, including Vero being killed, Xu Tui being killed, or Xu Tui escaping.

However, none of them were in this situation.

Vero, the assassin, was like a fool. He escaped from the void and crashed into the Earth Spike Formation that Xu Tui had instantiated in advance. He hung himself on it. What was even more pitiful was that he perfectly avoided all the racal points.

So he did not die on the spot!

However, his entire body was also pierced by 13 fist-sized earth spikes. He hung there in an extremely miserable manner.

At that moment, Raymont wanted to curse. If you had killed yourself, his next actions would be better. But now, he was half-dead. He could not continue. It was not easy to continue! However, the arrow was already on the bow. He had no choice but to shoot.

Raymont instantly sent a voice transmission to his quasi-planetary realm assistant. In the next moment, Raymont’s quasi-planetary assistant roared in grief and indignation, “Vero! Xu Tui, you actually killed Vero!”

As he roared, Raymont’s quasi-planetary realm assistant pounced toward Xu Tui angrily. Green light flickered around his body, and a wind blade that was like a knife slashed toward Xu Tui from afar.

A wind-element quasi-planetary supernatural being.

Raymont was also a wind-type supernatural being. In that case, this quasi-planetary assistant, Spik, might have a close relationship with Raymont. However, Xu Tui did not take a quasi-planetary wind-type supernatural being seriously.

Xu Tui did not dare to recognize the name Invincible Xu. But he could still brag about him being invincible amongst the quasi-planetaries. However, his attention had not been on the two quasi-planetary experts from the beginning. Instead, it had been on the two Planetary realm powerhouses.

Almost at the same time that Spik pounced out, the Planetary realm powerhouse, Damons, roared. The moment he pounced out anxiously, his left hand turned into a huge flaming hand and grabbed at Spik. He extended his right hand, drawing out the fire dragon and winding it towards Spik.

It looked like Damons was attacking with all his might to stop Spik’s rude actions. However, at this moment, Xu Tui felt a strong sense of malice from everyone present. Even Raymont had a strong sense of malice.

At the same time, Xu Tui could even sense the abnormal movements of the power in Raymont’s body.

Raymont indeed had plans to attack.

Xu Tui’s pupils constricted.

No!

Damons attacked with all his might. It seemed like he was capturing the rude Spik, but in reality, Spik, a wind-type supernatural being, was extremely fast. He had already circled to the other side.

On the other hand, Damons’s full-powered attack seemed to be unable to stop in time. It blasted toward Xu Tui with all his might. Or rather, from the beginning, Damons had used the opportunity when Spik attacked to attack Xu Tui with all his might.

What a good plan! Indeed, what a good plan!

Xu Tui ignored Spik’s attack. A quasi-planetary wind-type supernatural being would not be able to break through his defense unless he used a major move.

The most dangerous people now were the fire-type supernatural being, Damons, who had attacked with all his might, and Raymont, who was already accumulating strength and preparing to attack.

Xu Tui activated the Time Distortion. He used this ability that he had not used for a long time. It instantly bought him 0.05 seconds of super reaction time. The specially-made oversized 55 -yards combat boots under his feet were instantly filled up.

The abnormality, Earth’s Feet, was activated by one-third.

Over the past few days, not only had Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue studied most of the abnormalities they had activated, but they had also made many attempts and designs in the area of concealment.

For example, sunglasses.

Another example was the pair of oversized 55-yards combat boots that Xu Tui was wearing. @@novelbin@@

It was made of a special material. When his feet expanded, the space inside could be quickly compressed. It could unleash a third of the power of Xu Tui’s Earth Feet without attracting the attention of the outside world.

Couldn’t he have big feet?

There were still people wearing size 55 Yards shoes.

It was also at this moment that a substantial earthen yellow mountain instantly condensed and blasted downwards. The huge mountain shape happened to block Xu Tui’s body and blocked the flaming hand and fire dragon that Damons had blasted over.

Flames spewed at the Mountain Formula like magma. The small mountain quickly melted, but it was quickly replenished by Xu Tui. The power of the earth in the world was extremely active under the influence of Xu Tui’s Earth Foot.

At this moment, Damons no longer had any intention of hiding it. His eyes became extremely cold. Blazing flames with a hint of dark flames surged out from all directions and blasted toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not stay idle. The Mountain Formula instantly gathered into a seal. With a whoosh, it flew into the air and blasted toward Damons.

Damons glanced at the Mountain Seal. There was a cautious look in his eyes. The fire dragon picked him up and was about to soar into the sky. As Xu Tui turned his gaze slightly, a huge earth puppet suddenly rolled up from the ground. It roared at the sky and hugged Damons, trapping him.

Damons was shocked. The flames burned towards the earth puppet that was trapping him. He had to escape. Otherwise, he would not be able to take that Mountain Seal even if he was a Planetary realm powerhouse..