Chapter 1267 - 1267: Show Mercy? Explode! (3)

Chapter 1267: Show Mercy? Explode! (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Damons, who had just escaped with his body cut off like a gecko, fled behind Raymont in panic. He had a terrified expression.

Xu Tui’s methods were too terrifying. He had almost, almost died. Damons felt that if he had not used the move of a gecko breaking its tail just now, he would have been smashed into pieces.

“I’m sorry. So many people suddenly attacked me at the same time to spar with me. I can only use my full strength. I can’t hold back.” Xu Tui spread out his hands and stared coldly at Damons, who was behind Raymont. It was a pity that he did not kill this guy just now. If he had killed Damons just now, Raymont would have been in extreme pain.

As the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont had a high status, but he did not have much real power. The power under him was very limited.

In the past year or two, when Blue Star had stepped into the extra-terrestrial, Raymont had only recruited a little power. Damons was currently the only Planetary realm powerhouse under Raymont.

Of course, it was on the surface. He did not know if there were any in the dark. However, what Xu Tui did not know was that the deaths of Vero and Spik had also made Raymont’s heart ache.

Vero was one of the few high-end combatants under him. Although Vero was only at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm, he walked the path of an assassin. Such an assassin was extremely intimidating in actual combat and normal times. Even a Planetary realm had to be careful.

As for the quasi-planetary assistant, he was Raymont’s… student. It could not be more accurate to describe him as a disciple. He was the most outstanding student that Raymont had carefully nurtured over the years. Otherwise, he would not have asked Spik to be his assistant.

But now, Xu Tui had killed him in front of him. Only Raymont could experience the pain of his losses. Even vomiting blood was a light. This was a team that he had painstakingly accumulated.

“Can’t hold back? Very good!” Raymont’s face was ashen. His hands were trembling slightly in anger.

“Two quasi-planetary experts and a Planetary realm expert. I can’t withstand such a siege-like spar. Or we can go outside and reason with each other,” Xu Tui said with a cold smile.

Raymont was speechless.

Reason with each other? Xu Tui must have a battle recording of this matter.

he took it out, it would immediately become a powerful basis for the Blue St seven sectors and one organization to suppress and deal with him. @@novelbin@@

In other words, Raymont could only swallow the blood of Vero and Spik being killed. He could not pursue the matter.

“Very good!” After saying a few good words, Raymont tried his best to suppress his anger. “Then we can postpone today’s meeting.”

“Postpone?” Xu Tui questioned. “I deserve this.”

Whether it was the battle merits or the land for the general base of the pioneer raiders, they had been agreed upon before the battle. Xu Tui had fought his way out of it. It had nothing to do with him, Raymont.

Coming over at this time was just a formality.

“That’s right, postpone it! There are some details that we can only finalize after we have a meeting with the heads of seven sectors and one organization. Including the seats of your pioneer raiders,” Raymont said through gritted teeth.

This was what Xu Tui deserved. However, they could use all kinds of bureaucratic methods to stall for time. He had to give it, but he did not know when. If this dragged on, there might not be any left.

Did Xu Tui really think that he, the director of the Genetic Committee, was just for show?

“Oh, I understand. I’ll wait then. Goodbye.”

The God Slaying Sword above Xu Tui’s head swayed as he turned to leave.

Raymont could only spit out two words from between his teeth, “I won’t see you off.”

In his anger, Raymont forgot to inform Ruan Tianzuo that the operation had failed. At this moment, Raymont’s killing intent was extremely strong. Before this, Raymont had only treated Xu Tui as a fat pig. He would just kill him and eat his meat when the time was right.

But things are different now.

This fat pig in his eyes had become a wild boar with tusks.

At the Huaxia Sector’s general base, Ruan Tianzuo was waiting for news from Raymont. In order to achieve Raymont’s goal, Ruan Tianzuo had prepared several plans. After all, it was not easy to stall Pei Tiefeng and Cai Shaochu at the same time.

It was easy for Pei Tiefeng, but it was not easy for Cai Shaochu.

Ruan Tianzuo had even come up with a plan to stall Cai Shaochu. However, Ruan Tianzuo did not receive any news about the Raymont operation. Instead, he saw Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and the others swaggering back to the Huaxia

Sector’s general base.

He was instantly stunned.

A few minutes later, Ruan Tianzuo, who had returned to his private residence, immediately contacted Raymont. “Mr. Raymont, what’s wrong with you? You didn’t inform me when you failed to take down Xu Tui?” Ruan Tianzuo was a little angry. This made him feel that Raymont’s cooperation was not reliable.

“I’m sorry. I lost my favorite student just now. My student, Spik, was killed in front of me by Xu Tui.” Raymont’s voice was filled with sadness.

“I’m sorry, Mr. Raymont. That’s a pity.”

“Mr. Ruan, I think that we need to come up with a plan to deal with Xu Tui next. We have to deal with Xu Tui. Otherwise, we will definitely not have a share of the future quantum array core,” Raymont suggested. His voice was filled with coldness..