Chapter 1264 - 1264: Becoming A Hedgehog (3)

Chapter 1264: Becoming a Hedgehog (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Don’t worry, Mr. Xu. After today, I’ll definitely teach him a lesson and get him to personally apologize to you.”

“Even if I have to be locked up for a year, I won’t apologize to a cowardly yellow- skinned monkey.”

Xu Tui raised his eyebrows. He could already smell that something was wrong. This Vero had just met him, but he was already provoking him without regard

for anything else- Furthermore. he was doing it in front of Raymont- He was

definitely doing it on purpose.

He even… obtained Raymont’s tacit approval. Luring him to spar? Was there a trap?

Xu Tui’s mind raced. Logically speaking, a firm refusal at this moment was the wisest choice. However, Xu Tui had to admit that Vero’s words had successfully angered him. He was very unhappy. Therefore, he planned to play with them.

“Ah Huang, send a message to An Xiaoxue and the others. Be on high alert and be prepared to break out of the encirclement at any time. If there are any accidents or orders, rush out immediately.” Xu Tui used his consciousness to send an order to Ah Huang, who was attached to his hand in the form of a watch. “Ah Huang, contact Principal Cai and tell him my location. If I haven’t gone out in half an hour and there’s no latest news, it means that something has happened to me.”

After wandering around for the past few years, Xu Tui had mastered the ability of caution.

Under the gaze of Raymont, Damons and the others, Xu Tui slowly turned around. He pointed at Vero and said, “I think I have to correct some of your wrong views.” After saying that, Xu Tui said to Raymont, “Mr. Raymont, in our hometown, disobedient dogs will be hanged and whipped.”

Raymont was very embarrassed. He apologized repeatedly, but he had no intention of stopping him.

Vero also stared at Xu Tui excitedly. “Commander Xu, I only want to fight. However, please pay attention. I walk the path of an assassin. I won’t hold back when I attack. Please be careful.” @@novelbin@@

“Yes, be careful too. I’m walking the path of… killing!”

Vero was stunned. He inadvertently glanced at Raymont. After receiving confirmation from the other party’s gaze, Vero instantly disappeared. When he reappeared, he was at the other end of the training ground. Then, he pointed at the 500-meter-long and 300-meter-wide training ground and said to Xu Tui, “Commander Xu, you can choose your location.” He pretended to be generous.

Xu Tui casually walked to the middle of the training ground and stood there. “Just here will do.”

Vero was stunned. The position where Xu Tui was standing was extremely beneficial to his battle. However, Xu Tui’s attention was not on Vero. Instead, it was on Raymont, Damons, and Raymont’s quasi-planetary realm assistant.

The positions of these three people were also very interesting at this moment.

Damons stood on the east side of the edge of the training ground, while Raymont and the quasi-planetary assistant stood on the south side of the training ground. Vero was on the west side of the training ground.

It basically formed a semi-encirclement around Xu Tui. “As expected, Raymont has ill intentions.” However, this was not surprising. The last time he chased after Lei Tian at the Spiritual Race’s base, Raymont had already displayed such a tendency.

“Please!” Vero bowed slightly.

Xu Tui nodded. He spread out his boundless mind power and spread his mental perception in all directions. He raised the Vajra Barrier three times. “Please!”

In the next moment, Vero instantly disappeared. The way Vero disappeared was even stranger and more brilliant than Yan Lie’s. It was obvious that he had been in this for a long time.

Vero might very well be at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. However, even though it was strange, it could not escape Xu Tui’s meticulous mental perception. In the next moment, Xu Tui moved slightly. The saber light slashed into the air, but the saber light spun strangely and slashed fiercely at Xu Tui’s

Vajra Barrier.

The Vajra Barrier flashed but did not break.

Vero disappeared again before Xu Tui’s Earth Spike and flying sword shot out. In the first round, Veroluo had the upper hand. In the eyes of Raymont and the others, Vero had a chance to severely injure Xu Tui. However, the attack just now was not lethal enough. It did not break through Xu Tui’s defense.

But in Xu Tui’s opinion, even though Vero’s attacks were strange, they were still not enough.

Under normal circumstances, Vero would not be able to escape after that attack just now. The only problem was that the focus of Xu Tui’s mental perception was on Raymont, Damons, and Raymont’s quasi-planetary assistant. Vero, who was fighting him, was not the focus.

An assassin who could not even break his Vajra Barrier was a rotten bird!

What Xu Tui was afraid of now was that Raymont was shameless. If he and Damons personally took action, Xu Tui would definitely be in extreme trouble if two Planetary realms suddenly attacked him.

They fought five to six times in a row. Vero could kill Xu Tui at close range every time, but he could not break through Xu Tui’s defenses. Vero was very vexed and anxious. He was preparing his ultimate move. However, he was worried that his ultimate move would not be able to do anything to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was also a little depressed. He had come to vent his anger, but because he had split a large amount of his mental perception on Raymont and the others, he had given Vero a chance to act fierce.

“We have to teach those rude people a lesson!” During the battle, Xu Tui gently adjusted his sunglasses. The moment he injected his mind power, his left eye instantly turned pure black under the cover of the sunglasses. However, others could not see anything.

The world in Xu Tui’s left eye immediately became a black and white world with distinct levels. Almost instantly, Vero appeared in the black and white world that Xu Tui saw with his left eye, This was another magical use of the black eye in his left eye—observing the spatial level in front of him.

Vero was rapidly shuttling through the white layered space. A series of black and white layers of space moved because of Vero’s shuttling.

In the next moment, Xu Tui activated his mind power. He materialized the Stab Formula!

Under the stunned gazes of Raymont and the others, a row of earth spikes was instantiated by Xu Tui somewhere in the void.

Raymont and Damons were puzzled. What was Xu Tui doing?

In the black and white world that Xu Tui was observing with his left eye, the location of the Earth Spike was the end of the Vero’s Space Flash. In the next moment, Vero flashed out at high speed, but he only felt that his eyes were filled with golden light.

Then, his entire body hurt!

Raymont and Damons were stunned.

At that moment, Vero was like a fool. He rushed out at high speed and blasted himself onto the earth spike that Xu Tui had already set up.

He had turned himself into a hedgehog!