Chapter 1263 - 1263: Becoming A Hedgehog (2)

Chapter 1263: Becoming a Hedgehog (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“It’s better to show off one’s ability. Alright, let’s set off then. It’s not good to arrive late for such a formal meeting.”

There were a total of four people when Xu Tui arrived. There were a total of four people in the meeting now.

Xu Tui arrived at the newly built Blue Star Genetic Committee’s general base at two o’clock sharp. He arrived at Raymont’s official residence.

“Lavis, wait outside with Yin Wushu. Xiaoxue and I will go in.”

After giving his instructions, Xu Tui was about to bring An Xiaoxue in.

However, just as he was about to enter, he was stopped by a Planetary realm powerhouse named Dharamsi. “Mr. Xu, I’m sorry. According to the news sent by the office, you only have one meeting member, Commander Xu Tui.”

Xu Tui frowned. He was about to say something when Dharamsi said, “Please forgive me. When we made an appointment the day before yesterday, you only mentioned one person. Mr. Raymont is also on the same level.”

Xu Tui had nothing to say. Although he did not say how many people it was when he made an appointment the day before yesterday, it was not convenient for him to insist since the other party had already said so. “Xiaoxue, wait for me outside.”

“Gentlemen and ladies, Mr. Raymont has prepared refreshments and fruits for you in the lounge.” Although Dharamsi was a Planetary realm powerhouse, he had the demeanor of a housekeeper.

Three minutes later, Xu Tui passed through a long corridor and saw Raymont. Raymont was not alone. Other than the Planetary realm powerhouse, Damons, who had led the way, there was also a quasi-planetary attendant.

Xu Tui did not mind. He was a guest, and Raymont was the host. It made sense to bring one or two more. As the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont was very good at treating people. His words made Xu Tui feel as if he was bathing in a spring breeze.

“Commander Xu, I think our private friendship can go further. Therefore, I’ve arranged for today’s meeting to be in my private living room. Do you have any objections?” Raymont smiled.

“How could that be?”

“This way please.”

It had to be said that Raymont’s official residence was very large. They passed by a training ground on the way to the private living room.

On the training ground, a fair-skinned man was cultivating. His figure suddenly disappeared, and only a saber light appeared. It looked very sharp and strange. This was a little like Yan Lie’s assassin path. Furthermore, he was a quasi-planetary assassin. He could be considered to have very powerful combat strength.

In a real battle, such a quasi-planetary realm assassin might be able to kill a Planetary realm powerhouse with a surprise attack.

Xu Tui could not help but look over when he passed by.

The moment Xu Tui focused his attention, the white assassin instantly disappeared. The moment Xu Tui felt that something was wrong in front of him, Damons had already taken a step forward. The flames suddenly exploded in front of him with Damons as the center.

The white assassin, Vero, was forced to jump down from the air. However, the blazing saber light cut off the remaining flames.

Even though Damons was a Planetary realm powerhouse, he did not manage to injure the white assassin, Vero.

“You are not allowed to be impudent,” Damons shouted.

“He’s staring at me. My intuition tells me that his gaze is not friendly,” Vero said coldly.

“Vero, you don’t have a good habit. This is the guest I invited, the famous commander of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, Xu Tui.” At this moment, Raymont stepped forward with a smile and introduced him.

When Vero heard Xu Tui’s name, his expression suddenly became one of surprise. “Xu Tui, the commander of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders? Is it that Xu Tui, who is known to be invincible amongst the quasi-planetaries, the

Invincible Xu?”

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. It was only because he was wearing sunglasses that his shocked expression was not as awkward as it looked. Invincible amongst quasi-planetary experts?

Invincible Xu?

Who the f*ck gave him a nickname?

This was a nickname that had appeared out of thin air to attract aggro. Xu Tui would definitely beat him up if he knew who had taken out this nickname out of boredom.

However, Xu Tui still liked being invincible. Of course, he did not dare to use

Invincible Xu. Being invincible amongst the quasi-planetaries should be okay.

However, in the next moment, Xu Tui understood that this nickname that he had heard for the first time had already pulled his aggro over.

“Mr. Xu Tui, I am a quasi-planetary expert. I want to challenge you, the one that is invincible amongst the quasi-planetary experts! Please give me a chance to ask for guidance.” Vero, who had been very arrogant just now, bowed to Xu Tui to the end. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was stunned. This was the first time he had heard this nickname. It attracted aggro so quickly.

“Don’t be rude! This is a guest I invited,” Raymont shouted.

Vero ignored Raymont. “Mr. Xu Tui, please give me this chance.” Vero bowed to the end.

Xu Tui slowly shook his head when he saw how sincere Vero was. “I’m sorry. I’m not invincible, much less invincible on a quasi-planetary level.” He no longer planned to accept this nickname that attracted so much aggro.

“Are you a coward? You don’t even dare to spar?” Vero became anxious when he saw Xu Tui turn around and refuse.

“Vero!” Raymont shouted.

Xu Tui turned around and smiled again. “I’m sorry. I don’t know how to spar. I only know how to kill enemies on the battlefield. Please.” This time, Xu Tui made a “please” to Raymont. Raymont could not help but laugh. He apologized to Xu Tui and brought him forward.

Behind him, Vero, who had failed to bait Xu Tui, became anxious. He pointed at

Xu Tui’s back and cursed, “As expected, the yellow-skinned monkeys in the

Huaxia Sector are all cowards!”

Xu Tui immediately stopped in his tracks. Raymont’s expression also became ugly. “I’m sorry. He lacked discipline and embarrassed himself in front of you..