Chapter 1279 - 1279: Forbidden Move To Kill (3)

Chapter 1279: Forbidden Move to Kill (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In less than two minutes, he was killed!

It was like a shooting star that shone in the pitch-black universe before dissipating.

The last Planetary realm powerhouse was about to go crazy! He attacked crazily, thinking that he had to drag someone down with him before he died. He had locked onto Lavis and Bu Qingqiu.

Unfortunately, the strength of these two people was infinitely close to the Planetary realm, especially Lavis. He even had a Planetary realm body.

At the last moment, even though this Planetary realm powerhouse exchanged injuries for injuries, he did not drag Lavis down with him. He was instantly surrounded and annihilated.

They did have a plan to capture them. In the original plan, if they had the chance, they would capture every one of them. Whether it was to control or for interrogation, they might be useful. However, as Xu Tui fell into a coma, An Xiaoxue did not give any additional orders and killed them all.

After the killing, everyone instantly gathered around An Xiaoxue and looked nervously at the unconscious Xu Tui.

This was especially so for Lavis. There was a faint look of anticipation in his eyes.

What if Xu Tui could not be saved? Wouldn’t he be liberated? Based on the information he knew about these planets, he would definitely be able to atone for his mistakes if he returned to the Great Xi Clan.

However, he could not bear to part with it. He could not bear to part with the good side.

“It’s best not to die…” At this moment, a thought that even he found strange surged into Lavis’ mind.

“Xiaoxue, how is Xu Tui?” Bu Qingqiu asked anxiously. @@novelbin@@

While Bu Qingqiu was asking, Yin Liu, Diwu Hui, Diliu Xiaoshu, and the other quasi-planetary experts, who had just pieced Yin Ba back together, were all staring at An Xiaoxue.

This was especially so for Yanzi. She had just finished the battle when she pounced over. She ignored An Xiaoxue’s obstruction and pounced in front of Xu Tui. While she pressed her hand on Xu Tui’s chest, her mind power also surged into Xu Tui’s body to check on his condition.

At this moment, Yanzi was burning with anxiety. She did not want to pretend anymore. She was more worried about Xu Tui’s safety than anyone else.

She regretted it a little! She regretted not telling Xu Tui many things.

“There’s no problem with his life state, but his mind power is loose, and his mental body is injured…” Yanzi, who had determined the outcome, froze. She also knew how to treat injuries. She had many precious pills produced by the Spiritual Race on her, but she lacked pills that could treat mental injuries.

“He’s fine!” Under everyone’s shocked gazes, An Xiaoxue had a calm expression. “Xu Tui used a forbidden move just now and killed a Planetary realm powerhouse like Raymont in one move. However, he also suffered a backlash from the forbidden move. He had already explained the treatment method to me before he used it. Three days!

“He will be able to recover and wake up in three days at most,” An Xiaoxue said. At this moment, An Xiaoxue’s tone and expression were extremely calm.

“Really?” Yin Liu was puzzled.

“Don’t worry. He’s tried it before.” An Xiaoxue stared at Yin Liu without backing down.

“Then what should we do now?” Diwu Hui asked.

“Xu Tui has instructed us to retreat to Planet Spirit in batches now. When the last Planetary realm returns to Planet Spirit, we will destroy the quantum teleportation channel of the transit planet and cut off the connection between Planet Spirit and Manut Asteroid.

“The order of evacuation in the quantum teleportation tunnel later will be, Yin Liu will be the first to bring the seriously injured Yin Ba, then Diliu Xiaoshu. Mr. Diwu Hui, you will hold the fort and evacuate last!” An Xiaoxue ordered calmly. Her eyes were extremely determined.

“No problem.” Diwu Hui glanced at the unconscious Xu Tui and nodded slowly.

“Let’s go, retreat to Planet Spirit!”

In the next moment, Yin Wushu, Yin Liulong, and the other Mechanical Spirits fused into a battleship. They carried An Xiaoxue and Yanzi, who were carrying

Xu Tui, and quickly flew toward the transit planet.

The others accompanied the guards.

Three hours later, An Xiaoxue and Yanzi brought Xu Tui into Planet Spirit. They turned to Planet Liuxia without stopping..