Chapter 1272 - 1272: Reunion Of Comrades And Strange Message (2)

Chapter 1272: Reunion of Comrades and Strange Message (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At this moment, he happened to hear Miao Huanshan call him regiment commander. Cui Xi scolded him first, “Old Miao, is there something wrong with your brain? Why didn’t you care that someone came knocking on our door? Do you think military law is to be trifled with?”

Miao Huanshan froze. “No, it’s really the regiment commander!”

“Get lost. Do you have a fake regiment commander?” Cui Xi cursed. However, as the meat shield of the Extreme Branch, he was the fastest to rush to the door with the Vajra Barrier. He raised the iron rod diagonally and opened the door. As soon as the door opened, Cui Xi froze. “Commander!”

Looking at this, Miao Huanshan laughed.

At the same time, the people who surrounded him, including Zhao Hailong,

Yang Huai, and the others, were stunned. They cried out involuntarily,

“Commander! ”

At the same time, the other members of the Worldly Special Force, including the new members this year, also rushed out, but they were a little confused. Most of them had never experienced Xu Tui. When they saw that Commander Zhao Hailong was also calling him Commander, they did not understand what had happened.

“It’s been a year since we last met. Are you guys alright?” Xu Tui smiled and waved at everyone. However, there were tears in his eyes when he smiled.

Xu Tui had thought that his heart was as strong as iron. However, when he saw his comrades, he still…

Zhao Hailong was stunned. He suddenly stood at attention and saluted. “Welcome home, Commander!”

“Home?” Xu Tui smiled and shook his head. He used his mind power to remove the tears from his eyes. He could not let them see this. “I’m not your regiment commander anymore, but I like the word ‘home’!

“That’s right. Hailong, your cultivation has increased very quickly this year. There’s hope for you to break through to the quasi-planetary realm in a few years.” Xu Tui punched Zhao Hailong.

“Wow, Old Yang, you’ve also reached the Transmutation Realm. Not bad.” Xu Tui patted Yang Huai’s shoulder. He turned around and looked at Cui Xi. He could not help but frown. “You fool, you haven’t broken through to the Transmutation Realm. Why are you still not healed from so many injuries?”

“Heh, Commander, don’t you know me? I’m very brave in battle!” Cui Xi licked his lips and smiled slyly.

“Didn’t I say safety first? It looks like you’re really brave. Come, let me treat you,” Xu Tui said with a dark expression.

Cui Xi’s expression suddenly Upheaval. When he felt Xu Tui’s mind power land on him, he suddenly screamed like a pig being slaughtered. “Commander, no, be gentle! Give me some face, give me some…”

In the next moment, Cui Xi fell to the ground trembling. His entire body began

to twitch. Xu Tui forcefully fed him a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.

All the other old members shuddered. This was especially so for the few people who were injured. They all thought of ways to hide their injuries. The regiment commander’s move was too ruthless.

However, in the end, Xu Tui only treated Cui Xi’s injuries. He did not make Cui Xi pee his pants.

Xu Tui knew his limits.

Luo Murong was still standing upright like before. His combat uniform had been customized into a Hanfu style. He looked very handsome.

“Murong, you’re tanned.”

Even if he’s tanned, Luo Murong was one of the few experts in the Worldly Special Force who had broken through to the Transmutation Realm. War was the best way to train people. Luo Murong did not respond to Xu Tui’s words.

Instead, he looked at Xu Tui and said, “Are you coming back, or… passing by?”

Xu Tui had a helpless expression. “I was passing by…”

Luo Murong retracted his gaze and looked down at the ground. He did not say anything else.

“Commander!” Tao Guan was the one who spoke. At least half of his body was wrapped in bandages.

Xu Tui was furious. “You’re a long-range sniper. Why are you like Cui Xi? Why did you do that?”

“Commander, I…” In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind power landed on Tao Guan. Xu Tui had yet to instantiate when Tao Guan shouted like a pig being slaughtered, “Commander, be gentle. You have to be gentle!”

That tone and expression made Xu Tui feel inexplicably awkward. He felt as if he was forcing himself on him. No, he had to give it harder to this fellow!

As Tao Guan hissed, Xu Tui’s gaze landed on Dai Lijun. Dai Lijun had joined the Worldly Special Force before Xu Tui left. However, he was very powerful. He was only a step away from the Transmutation Realm. “Commander, is Mr. Wen alright?” Dai Lijun asked.

“He’s fine.”

They did not have a deep relationship, so that was all he had to say.

Xu Tui’s gaze landed on the last three women. They were Mu Xingluan, Yan Xuejin, and Li Zheng. Other than Mu Xingluan, Yan Xuejin and Li Zheng were also injured. However, Xu Tui had just arrived when Yan Xuejin and Li Zheng took the initiative to put a mind power defense barrier on themselves and restrain their mental bodies.

They did not want to be like Cui Xi and Tao Guan, who were screaming because of Xu Tui. They clenched their legs tightly.

“Are you guys alright?” Xu Tui avoided Li Zheng’s gaze when it landed on her. That desperate confession was like a seed that had been taking root, but it had not germinated.

“I am An Xiaoxue, the current vice-captain of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. Hello.” An Xiaoxue stepped forward and took the initiative to greet them.

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt a little guilty. He had a headache, but when he thought about it, it did not seem like much. Under the curious gazes of the new members of the Worldly Special Force, the old members welcomed Xu Tui in like stars. @@novelbin@@

There were all kinds of delicious food, including rare alcohol. The resources in the extra-terrestrial were never that abundant. It was not that it could not be transported over from the Blue Star, but it was not easy to carry and store it..