Chapter 1271 - 1271: Reunion Of Comrades And Strange Message(1)

Chapter 1271: Reunion of Comrades and Strange Message(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

December 21st, Mars.

Xu Tui did not leave immediately after he met his parents on Mars through a video call. Instead, he stayed on Mars for another day. During this period, he visited a few familiar faces, such as Gai Sheng, the commander of the Mars crater base, and Zhou Chuan, the military personnel who had fought alongside Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was surprised to hear a piece of news when he saw Zhou Chuan.

The Worldly Special Force was also resting on Mars.

Ever since Xu Tui took the initiative to leave, the commander of the Worldly

Special Force had been taken over by the former Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong. Over the past year, they had been constantly carrying out exploration and development missions in the asteroid belt.

Due to their strength, they did not go to the frontline of Planet Kono.

In their most recent exploration, they had encountered a roaming army of the Dissimilate Clan. After the battle, one of them had died in battle, and more than half of them were seriously injured, so they had returned to Manut.

In terms of medical treatment, the medical conditions on Mars were naturally much better than those on the Manut asteroid. Therefore, the extra-terrestrial commander of the Manut Huaxia Sector asked them to return to Mars to rest.

Now, they have been resting for more than ten days.

“I want to go and see them.” Xu Tui was very excited when he received this news. He had not seen his former comrades for more than a year.

“Yes, I’ll go with you.” An Xiaoxue spoke softly. There was a strange look in her eyes. However, Xu Tui did not notice this at all.

Only Ah Huang, who had transformed into a human, felt a little guilty. She had already told An Xiaoxue about some of the situations, such as the situation regarding the female members of the pioneer raiders.

Including a confession in a desperate situation.

“Let’s go!” Xu Tui rubbed his hands excitedly. He was about to leave the room of the base when he suddenly turned around. “No, we haven’t seen each other for so long. As their former regiment commander, I should bring them something, right?”

“That’s right, that’s right.” Ah Huang, who had transformed into a human, agreed. “Why don’t we use Origin Crystals? Everyone needs those things. 100 grams per person is enough, right?”

Hearing this, An Xiaoxue glared at Ah Huang. “How can you give them Origin Crystals when you’re reunited? Ah Huang, you wasted your time reading the data of the Blue Star’s relationships.”

An Xiaoxue thought about it and took out a stack of Origin Crystal ability seal cards. They were all Origin Crystal ability seal cards that she had personally practiced making during this period of time. She handed them to Xu Tui.

“Give them this. It can attack and defend. Although I’m a quasi-planet, because of my mind power, this can already unleash the power of an early-stage quasi-planet. Moreover, it’s bizarre. It’s not bad to use it to save their lives at the critical moment,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui thought about it. It was quite suitable to give this. It was very suitable as it is valuable and affectionate. “Xiaoxue, thank you,” Xu Tui said as he took it.

An Xiaoxue glanced at Xu Tui but did not say anything. Only quasi-planetary experts and above could make Origin Crystal ability seal cards. An Xiaoxue could already make them. She had accumulated a lot over the past few months.

In theory, Xu Tui could not make it yet. However, his current mind power was extremely powerful. He had reached the level of a Three Satellites supernatural being in the Planetary realm. He might be able to do it too. However, Xu Tui did not try it out.

ft?venty minutes later, Xu Tui arrived at the temporary base of the Worldly Special Force on Mars.

Xu Tui could sense a mental fluctuation that was constantly patrolling from afar. It was very familiar. It belonged to Miao Huanshan.

Very good. The safety rules that he had set back then, such as having to arrange for people on duty even if they were cultivating or resting in their own world, were also being implemented now.

“Ah Huang, come up. Xiaoxue, restrain your aura.”

Ah Huang instantly turned back into a large watch and landed on Xu Tui’s wrist. An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui began to restrain their mind power at the same time. They did not use any strength and approached the Worldly Special Force’s base on foot like ordinary people.

The encampment was a small courtyard. There was no sign of Miao Huanshan at the door. He should be in the courtyard.

“Xu Tui, we discovered an electronic warning device. Do you want to play with them?”

“Then let’s scare them.” Xu Tui laughed unkindly.

Five seconds later, Ah Huang made an awkward OK gesture at Xu Tui.

“Let’s go!” Xu Tui restrained his aura and walked. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue swaggered to the entrance of the encampment courtyard. Xu Tui and the others had filtered out the original double insurance, especially the very reliable multi-electronic alert.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Xu Tui knocked on the door forcefully.

Miao Huanshan, who was sitting in a corner inside the door, suddenly shivered and was stunned. He was frightened!

Someone was knocking on the door, but he did not notice it. This was simply…

Miao Huanshan jumped up reflexively. He focused his mind power and surged towards the entrance. At the same time, his earth-element supernatural being ability had entered a state where it was about to be unleashed.

No matter what, he had to control the people who silently approached the entrance of the encampment. However, Miao Huanshan froze the moment his mind power surged over. His mind power and earth-element supernatural being abilities instantly dissipated.

“Commander!” Miao Huanshan roared in surprise.

Almost at the same time, the other members cultivating in the encampment room were also shocked by the knock on the door. They rushed out at the same time.

No matter what, under normal circumstances, if someone approached, there would definitely be feedback from the multi-electronic information alert system. However, the multi-electronic information alert system was normal, yet there was a knock on the door.

There was a problem! @@novelbin@@

Therefore, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, Luo Murong, Cui Xi, Mu Xingluan, Li Zheng, and the others rushed out from all directions..