Chapter 1277 - 1277: Forbidden Move To Kill (1)

Chapter 1277: Forbidden Move to Kill (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The figure wrapped in green light appeared extremely strangely and quickly. The moment it appeared, it closed the distance to ten kilometers.

“Be careful!” An Xiaoxue, who had participated in the plan the entire time, had already realized something and screamed.

Just as An Xiaoxue screamed, a huge green light slashed out from the green figure at lightning speed. It was a huge green blade. The moment it slashed out, it seemed to be able to jump. Or perhaps it was because it was extremely fast, but it instantly slashed onto Xu Tui’s body.

Xu Tui was originally wearing a triple-layered Vajra Set. The moment the green figure appeared, he felt an inexplicable sense of danger. At that moment, Xu Tui activated his defense. He activated the four layers of the Vajra Set.

The huge green blade slashed forward!

Bang bang bang bang!

Xu Tui’s four layers of Vajra Set instantly shattered. However, there was still an invisible mental shield on his body that protected him. The remaining power of the huge green blade sent Xu Tui flying.

Before the first attack could succeed, the second green blade slashed over.

However, this time, the huge green blade came horizontally. It wanted to kill Xu Tui at the waist, but it had no intention of killing Xu Tui in one move.

When the green figure unleashed its full combat strength, its speed was extremely strange. It continuously attacked Xu Tui and approached him.

In the face of danger, Xu Tui instantly pulled out his mental vibrating whip. But what shocked Xu Tui was that ordinary supernatural being attacks would be dispersed by the Mental Vibrating Whip.

Yet this whip had dissipated only half of the huge green blade.

Xu Tui was shocked. Fortunately, his left black eye had been activated since the start of the battle. He teleported himself. He instantly disappeared and appeared ten kilometers away.

The green figure also appeared where Xu Tui had just disappeared at this moment. He had a stunned expression.

For a moment, Xu Tui completely disappeared. It was as if it did not exist in this world. The green figure lost the ability to lock onto Xu Tui’s aura.

At that moment, the mind power of the green figure suddenly moved like a wave. It instantly poured out without holding back and searched for Xu Tui’s aura. His mind power spread out, inevitably bringing with it his original aura.

Xu Tui instantly recognized whose aura this was when his mind power interacted with his mental perception.

Raymont!

It was Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee. He actually came personally. Moreover, he had been hiding at the side. He only attacked after Xu Tui slashed out with his God Slaying Sword.

And Raymont was a wind-type supernatural being!

The moment he found Xu Tui’s aura again, a green light flashed around Raymont’s body. He once again charged toward Xu Tui like a shadow. The green light was like lightning. At the same time, An Xiaoxue and Yin Ba, who had freed up their hands, attacked at the same time to stop Raymont and save Xu Tui.

An Xiaoxue was fine. She used Dimensional Slash from afar. However, at this moment, the terror of Raymont, or rather, the terror of a mid- to high-level Planetary realm powerhouse, was completely displayed.

Even though An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash was very strange and sudden, Raymont could turn around and avoid it every time.

This bought Yin Ba some time to quickly approach and attack Raymont. However, it was only one move! Raymont slashed out with a huge green light blade, and Yin Ba shattered into pieces.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. Fortunately, he was from the Mechanical Spirit Race. Fortunately, the energy core of the Mechanical Spirit Race was usually very remote. Otherwise, Yin Ba would have died on the spot from this casual attack.

Raymont was like a crazy lion as he stared at Xu Tui. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s mind raced. He should be able to temporarily escape with the energy of his left eye. However, how long could he escape, he doesn’t know. His teleDortation sDeed should be faster than Ravmont’s. He should be able to

escape Raymont’s pursuit if he did it hundreds of times.

His mind power could also withstand it.

But the question was, what happened next? What if Raymont turned around and chased after An Xiaoxue? Would An Xiaoxue be able to escape Raymont’s pursuit?

The answer was no!

If Raymont captured An Xiaoxue, there would be no difference whether Xu Tui escaped or not. Therefore, he had to deal with Raymont.

Although Xu Tui had not used up all of the power of the God Slaying Sword in the red fire slip, he had used two-thirds of it. The remaining one-third of his power could not cause any damage to a Planetary realm powerhouse like Raymont.

In an instant, Xu Tui thought about all his methods. There was no possibility of severely injuring Raymont.

An extremely fast wind-type supernatural being was as difficult to deal with as a lightning-type supernatural being. However, Xu Tui had definitely prepared for the worst since he dared to set up a plan to lure the snake out of its hole.

If a person did not consider the worst-case scenario in the universe, they would definitely not live long.

This time, Xu Tui considered it.

In an instant, he knew what he had to do.

“Xiaoxue, prepare to save me.” The moment he sent a mental message to An Xiaoxue, the red fire slip in his mind instantly shone brightly. The flames surged into the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain. His total mind power did not change, but the strength of his mind power had greatly increased.

Xu Tui had tried using that move before. This would minimize the side effects as much as possible.

At the same time, the black and white world in Xu Tui’s left eye instantly became extremely clear. Even the figure of Raymont, who was moving at high speed, became extremely clear..