Chapter 1278 - 1278: Forbidden Move To Kill (2)

Chapter 1278: Forbidden Move to Kill (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Raymont’s figure had been moving in the black world.

Xu Tui roughly understood that the black world should be the current space, and the white space might be a dimensional space or a world of another level or dimension. In an instant, Xu Tui locked onto Raymont’s rapidly moving green shadow through the black and white world in his left eye.

With a thought, he teleported Raymont! At the same time, Raymont, who was moving at high speed, suddenly felt an inexplicable palpitation in his heart. An indescribable sense of crisis surged in his heart.

Without hesitation, Raymont crushed a green ball of light. That was a life-saving treasure he had made himself.

However, after it was broken, the feeling of fear did not disappear. Moreover, an indescribable strange feeling surfaced in his heart. It did not feel good!

Raymont felt his body slide uncontrollably into an unknown space.

Yes, an unknown space.

Raymont, who had never come into contact with such a situation, did not react at all. He felt that he was leaving the current space. However, it was only for a moment. Raymont felt that the power that was pulling him out of this world had suddenly disappeared.

Indescribable fear welled up in Raymont’s heart.

At this moment, Raymont suddenly understood!

Space!

He was brought to another space by a mysterious and powerful force. However, what was unlucky or terrifying was that this power only brought him halfway. Then, it stuck him in the current world and another space. Then, this power was gone!

And it became Raymont who received the power of these two spaces. Originally, the mysterious power had communicated with these two spaces. But now, the mysterious power had disappeared, and the two spaces were instantly separated.

The force of the two spaces began to strangle Raymont crazily.

Raymont knew, he also understood!

But it was too late. He had already missed his only chance of survival. Just now, he should have concentrated his full strength and cut off the strange power that had brought him to the mysterious space. He would have had a chance of escaping.

But it was too late now!

The power at the intersection of the two spaces had already reached him. The worst thing was that his head had already entered another unknown mysterious space.

Raymont glanced at Xu Tui for the last time. In his vision, Xu Tui lost all consciousness at that moment. Blood spurted out of his seven orifices and he fell backward. At the same time, Raymont felt his body and mental body being minced into powder by the power of the two spaces.

His consciousness disappeared!

The moment he used his left black eye to teleport Raymont, Xu Tui’s head seemed to have been severely injured. Cracks appeared on the mental body that had already condensed into a hemisphere.

The moment his head hurt, his consciousness also fell into complete darkness.

Three seconds later, An Xiaoxue arrived. The moment she shouted for Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong to protect her, she had already activated the power of a Silver Spirit Box and sent it into Xu Tui’s mind.

As for the remaining three Planetary realm powerhouses, they were already stunned! They were frightened. They were almost dumbfounded by the situation.

The power, speed, and horror of the green light’s attack were clear to the remaining three Planetary realm powerhouses. The person who attacked was definitely the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont.

There were many Planetary realm powerhouses with one, two or even three Satellites, but the higher they went, the fewer there were. There were only a handful of Planetary realm powerhouses with four, five or six Satellites. Each had his own task and there’s no one to spare.

Other than Raymont, there was no one else who was a wind-type supernatural being in the Planetary realm.

What made their eyes about to explode was that Raymont had exploded! He was directly shattered into pieces! This was a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Blue Star. Even if Lei Tian was reborn, he would not be able to explode.

And yet, this had actually happened. It was unknown how he did it and who did it.

They did not know if it was Xu Tui.

It did not make sense.

In an instant, the remaining will to battle completely collapsed. The three Planetary realm powerhouses used their killing moves, wanting to kill their way out.

Luck also appeared at this moment.

One of them was surrounded by Yin Liu, Bu Qingqiu, and the others. When he was escaping, he was sniped by Bu Qingqiu. Then, he fell into a bitter battle. The other Extreme Branch Planetary realm powerhouse who was fighting Diwu Hui could have escaped, but Diwu Hui was extremely sinister. He instantly split into three and blocked his path, forcing the Extreme Branch Planetary realm expert to change his route.

However, this change of route was a step slower.

After the two Planetary realm powerhouses that Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had killed previously, the people of Xu Tui were freed up and surrounded him.

On the other hand, the fifth Planetary realm powerhouse was a fire-type supernatural being. The moment a fire dragon blasted into the distant void, he actually used the fire dragon’s flames to jump out of the encirclement and instantly fled into the distance.

He disappeared into the vast universe. As for the two Planetary realm powerhouses from the Extreme Branch who were surrounded, they instantly fell into despair. They did not have much of an advantage in terms of individual strength.

At this moment, it had become five against one, or even six against one! At least one Planetary realm and four quasi-planetary experts were besieging them.

The other unlucky person was directly surrounded by two Planetary realm experts, Diwu Hui and Diliu Xiaoshu, and four quasi-planetary experts..@@novelbin@@