Chapter 1270 - 1270: Luring The Snake Out Of Its Hole

Chapter 1270: Luring the Snake Out of its Hole

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He had to return the favor!

This was Xu Tui’s decision.

Before this, Xu Tui had been conflicted about another question. Was he exacerbating the internal strife on the Blue Star by returning the favor?

They are currently facing the great enemy, especially after seeing hundreds of thousands of Blue Star humans being raised like livestock by the Spiritual Race, Xu Tui was very disgusted by internal strife.

However, Xu Tui had already understood.

That was not something he could decide. If he did not counterattack, the enemy would continue to target him. An open foe might prove a curse but a pretend friend was even worse.

For example, Xu Tui had been very cautious last time. His strength was extraordinary. If he had been a little weaker, he would have been defeated by a Planetary realm expert and two quasi-planetary experts with Raymont watching from the side.

There was no such thing as guarding against thieves for a thousand days. Moreover, even a director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee like Raymont was still fighting among themselves. There was no need for Xu Tui to be noble.

Xu Tui had completely understood. Whether it was internally or externally, his fists had to be hard and ruthless. Consciousness was useless.

Xu Tui was prepared to finalize this plan before he left Planet Kono and returned to Planet Peach. After discussing with An Xiaoxue and the others, they came up with two preliminary plans.

One was to take the initiative to attack. The other was to lure the snake out of its hole.

It seemed easy to take the initiative to attack, but it was actually more difficult. For example, Raymont, Ruan Tianzuo, Haren, Itavi, and the others were currently on Planet Kono.

If Xu Tui caused trouble for them on Planet Kono, he would be courting death.

He would immediately become the public enemy of the Blue Star.

Xu Tui’s initial thought was to find trouble with the secret forces under them. From all kinds of channels, be it Raymont, Ruan Tianzuo, Haren, Itavi, or the others, they all had secret territories that were not public.

This was especially so for Raymont and Ruan Tianzuo. These two definitely had their own private planet, and there was more than one. In that case, Xu Tui’s best way was to kill his way to their private planet.

If they wanted to deal with Xu Tui and take away his quantum array core, Xu Tui would kill his way over and destroy their private base. He should have enough strength.

Whether it was Raymont or Ruan Tianzuo, they were very strong and had a certain amount of power under them. However, these top Planetary realm powerhouses could not guard a planet forever.

The current Planetary realm power under Xu Tui could definitely deal with any family.

However, he lacked the support of enough information.

Xu Tui did not know where their private planet or base was. Although he had the help of Ah Huang, an artificial intelligence quantum computer, it was still very difficult to find it with just big data.

Therefore, they could only take their time to find their private planet and take the initiative to attack. @@novelbin@@

This matter also made Xu Tui realize another problem. His intelligence investigation ability was seriously insufficient. However, Xu Tui did not have any delusions of establishing an intelligence system. He had yet to establish the combat system under the pioneer raiders. He was seriously short of

manpower.

Not to mention establishing an intelligence system.

“Xu Tui, have you thought about issuing a bounty?” Ah Huang suddenly asked.

“Bounty?”

“The intelligence ability of The Myth is very strong. The members of The Myth come from all walks of life in the various sectors. Intelligence ability has always been their forte. The most frequently traded information on their intranet is also information,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui had almost forgotten about this if Ah Huang had not mentioned this. Back then, in order to obtain what the fire slip had sensed from the Sun Temple, Xu Tui had even posted a bounty on the Myth Intranet.

However, he had not been on it since then.

Now that Ah Huang mentioned it, Xu Tui remembered. However…

“The Myth…” After pondering for a while, Xu Tui suddenly asked, “Ah Huang, I remember that there’s an external passageway at the bounty office on the Myth Intranet, right?”

“Yes, non-members of The Myth can also issue bounties through this external channel. However, the trading process is more complicated,” Ah Huang said.

“Then go and issue a bounty. Pay attention to your confidential identity,” Xu Tui said after some consideration.

“What about the bounty in the internal channel?”

“Let’s be direct. The coordinates of Raymont and Ruan Tianzuo’s private planet.”

“In that case, won’t it be a little obvious? If they also look at the Myth Bounty Office, there’s a certain chance that they can associate it with you,” Ah Huang said.

“So be it. I can verify something, too.”

“Understood.”

After explaining this matter to Ah Huang, Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue. “Xiaoxue, in that case, we have to implement the second plan, which is to lure the snake out of its hole. However, the only problem was that you might be targeted. Keep these escape cards well.” Xu Tui gave An Xiaoxue a stack of escape cards. They were all given by Cai Shaochu in the past. Xu Tui did not use them all.

“Just give me one. You can keep the rest for yourself.” “I don’t need it now.” Xu Tui pointed at his sunglasses.

An Xiaoxue did not refuse and accepted it.

On the 18th and 19th of December, Xu Tui visited many familiar faces. For example, he went to see the injured Great-Grandma Erera, and then went to see Gong Yan, a quasi-planetary expert in weapon refinement. He had also been on Planet Kono recently and had communicated a lot.

He also met Maguwa, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector who had fought side by side previously, and many friends from the Huaxia Sector.

Occasionally, Xu Tui would reveal a little of his movements. The matter of coming to Planet Kono had not gone smoothly. So he planned to return to his planet on the 20th. He would implement the plan to lure the snake out of its hole.

Of course, he did not deliberately reveal it. It was just that a friend had accidentally said that he was going back in the next few days.

On the 20th, Xu Tui and the others arrived on Mars through the quantum teleportation channel of Planet Kono.

The Huaxia Sector had already prepared the secret teleportation channel between Planet Liuxia and the Huaxia Sector’s general base. However, Planet Liuxia was not ready yet.

Xu Tui would only be able to build it after he returned.

Of course, the quantum array core was provided by Xu Tui. Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui should have arrived at Manut from Mars after he returned to Mars. However, he did not.

Xu Tui had wanted to bring An Xiaoxue back to the moon. From Mars to the moon, there was now a Planetary realm quantum teleportation channel. It was very fast. The Moon was only a few hours away from the Blue Star.

The moment he looked at the moon, Xu Tui had the urge to return to the Blue Star. He had been away from home for more than a year. He really missed home and his parents. It was already December. According to the Huaxia calendar, the Lunar New Year was not far away.

Xu Tui wanted to go back and spend the Lunar New Year with his parents. However, he did not return to the moon in the end. This moment was too dangerous. The more Xu Tui valued and cared about someone, the more likely they would be targeted by the enemy.

Xu Tui’s parents were currently in the capital of the Huaxia Sector. Their security level was very high.

However, this could not stop some people from being crazy.

A person like Raymont even dared to use a clumsy excuse to deal with Xu Tui on Planet Kono. However, it was not surprising that he would go overboard for the sake of the quantum array core.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui wanted an eye for an eye.

It was just that the current conditions on Planet Peach were still relatively difficult. It was not necessarily safer than the Blue Star. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have the urge to bring his parents to Planet Peach.

After arriving on Mars, Xu Tui did not immediately transfer from Mars to Manut. Instead, he visited a few old acquaintances in the Mars crater base. It could be considered a meeting with friends.

At the same time, through the authority of the Mars base, he used the quantum teleportation channel of the Mars base as a transit signal to initiate a video communication with the Blue Star and his parents.

The old couple looked to be in a good state of mind. They did not gain weight, but they did not lose weight either.

Xu Tui felt uncomfortable when he saw his mother’s tears before she could say anything.

Over the past two years, the Blue Star had gradually opened up the war situation of the extra- terrestrial to ordinary people. Now, it was completely open. Father Xu and Mother Xu had some understanding of the extra-terrestrial.

Of course, An Xiaoxue was also involved in the exchange.

When Xu Tui arrived on Mars, Raymont had already issued an emergency communication on Planet Kono. The first person he contacted was Ruan Tianzuo. “Xu Tui has left and is returning to his private planet. What do you think?”

“What about you?” Ruan Tianzuo was rather sneaky.

“I think that we don’t have much time left. We don’t know where Xu Tui’s private planet is, but it’s definitely not Planet Spirit. Once he returns to his private planet, I don’t know when we’ll be able to find him or wait for his whereabouts next,” Raymont said.

“That’s true. What do you think?”

“His return journey is our best chance. His current route is through the Mars transit to Manut, then from Manut to the transit planet, then to Planet Spirit. According to the intelligence, he’s currently staying on Mars. We still have a lot of time to arrange operations,” Raymont said.

“How exactly are you going to do that?”

“Attack with all your might. A thunderous attack can only succeed. We can’t fail!” Raymont said.

“Where is it?”

“A transit planet or Planet Spirit. It needs to change according to their actions,” Raymont said.

“What do you need me to do? I’ll say this first, I definitely can’t take action personally,” Ruan Tianzuo said.

“There’s no problem with whether you can take action personally, but I need Planetary realm powerhouses! Moreover, we have to have enough people! We would need at least two Planetary realm experts to take down Xu Tui. Moreover, we have to consider the possibility that Xu Tui would arrange for someone to receive them or even reinforcements. We need three or even more Planetary realm powerhouses,” Raymont said.

“Mr. Raymont, you know that the current Planetary realm combat power is very tight. I can only transfer one Planetary realm powerhouse over,” Ruan Tianzuo said.

“Alright, sure, but I need people to be in position immediately.”

“There’s no problem with being in position. However, according to what you said, we don’t have enough manpower.” Ruan Tianzuo was puzzled.

“Mr. Ruan, you have to be prepared to share the benefits with others! In order to be foolproof, I’m prepared to pull others in,” Raymont said.

“Pull who?”

“I’ll tell you when we’re done. There are many people who are willing to cooperate with me on this matter,” Raymont said confidently..