Chapter 1275 - 1275: The Mantis Catches The Cicada, Oriole Behind (2)

Chapter 1275: The Mantis Catches the Cicada, Oriole Behind (2) @@novelbin@@

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, after stalling for 20 minutes, the number of Planetary realm powerhouses chasing after them increased from three to five.

This shocked Lavis and Yin Wushu. They became even more nervous, but Xu Tui narrowed his eyes. To deal with him, a Transmutation Realm expert, and three quasi-planetary experts, directly using five Planetary realm experts was a huge investment.

It seemed that this group of people was determined to get him this time.

“Abandon the aircraft.”

Ten seconds later, the four of them left the Hunter Fighter Jet at the same time and floated in space. Xu Tui stepped on his flying sword and looked coldly at the five Planetary realm powerhouses who were surrounding him from all directions. His expression was cold.

The God Slaying Sword above his head had already been drawn out, but it only floated in the air and did not slash out immediately. This was also the reason why the five Planetary realm powerhouses on the other side were slowly surrounding Xu Tui and did not attack him immediately.

The God Slaying Sword was notorious. Although they had all received death orders, no one wanted to be the first to test the sword.

“Xu Tui, I’ll give you a chance to surrender. If you surrender now, you will still be our esteemed guest as long as you are willing to cooperate.” The leader was deliberately wearing a combat uniform. His face could not be seen clearly. He was a man.

“Esteemed guest?” Xu Tui sneered.

“That’s right. An esteemed guest, you have to believe in our sincerity! Of course, you have no choice in today’s situation,” the leader said.

“I have no choice!” Xu Tui sneered.

“Xu Tui, don’t resist uselessly. Even if you don’t think for yourself, you have to think for An Xiaoxue! I can tell you with certainty! Even if you die in battle, we won’t let An Xiaoxue die in battle! No matter how serious our injuries are, we will save An Xiaoxue! You understand what will happen to her, right? Think about it!”

The leader’s voice was very calm, but there was indescribable malice in his words. This malice successfully angered Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

What would An Xiaoxue encounter after she was captured? How could An Xiaoxue not tell? If she was really captured, she would probably suffer the most inhumane treatment! The outcome would probably be even worse than being captured by the Spiritual Race.

Indeed, his own people were more ruthless.

At this moment, the only hesitation in An Xiaoxue’s heart had disappeared. How could such a person be considered one of them?

Such a person was only worthy of being killed!

“Yes, I’ve considered it.” Xu Tui laughed in anger.

They would be happy if Xu Tui really surrendered. They were a little afraid even though they only had one chance to fight Xu Tui, who had the God Slaying Sword that could kill Planetary realm powerhouses.

There was a one-fifth chance that whoever it landed on would die.

Who wouldn’t be afraid?

“What are your conditions? Tell me quickly.” The leader was overjoyed.

“Previously, I wanted to give you a quick death. Now, I’ve changed my mind. If I have the chance to capture you, I’ll let you experience what it means to wish you were dead.” Xu Tui sneered.

The leader’s voice deepened. “Xu Tui, you asked for this. What An Xiaoxue will encounter in the future is all because of you. It has nothing to do with us!” “Why don’t you care about yourselves first?”

Xu Tui’s words made the leader a little confused. At this moment, his attention had been focused on Xu Tui and he did not pay much attention to his surroundings. However, the expressions of his other two companions, who were clearly from the Supernatural Branch, changed.

“There’s a problem. I sense that a large number of Planetary realm powerhouses are rapidly approaching.”

“Quite a lot?” While the leader was shocked, a stream of light appeared at high speed in the distance. Four streams of light with boundless auras shot over from afar with a few balls of light. “Stubborn! Forget it, kill!”

The leader roared as an order. In an instant, five Planetary realm powerhouses pounced over at the same time.

At the same time, the God Slaying Sword above Xu Tui’s head swayed. The five Planetary realm powerhouses who were pouncing over dodged at the same time. The light around their bodies instantly became extremely majestic. All of them entered a defensive dodge mode.

Then, Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword did not slash out.

The leader was speechless.

The other Planetary realms were speechless.

After this terrifying setback, the five Planetary realm experts turned around and attacked again. Three supernatural beings at the Planetary realm directly attacked from afar.

Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword instantly disappeared.

The moment it disappeared, the three Planetary realm experts who were launching supernatural attacks instantly entered a state of full defense. The two Extreme Branch Planetary realm experts who were charging forward also turned around and dodged again.

However, in the next moment, the God Slaying Sword that had just disappeared appeared above Xu Tui’s head again.

The leader: “…”

At this moment, they were so depressed that they wanted to vomit blood.

However, Xu Tui did not have much of a smile on his face. Instead, he was a little surprised. Just now, just as his God Slaying Sword disappeared, he vaguely sensed an extremely powerful aura land on his body. However, the moment the God Slaying Sword appeared, it disappeared.

The sixth aura?

Xu Tui was shocked.

Xu Tui had successfully created a gap in their encirclement by using the God Slaying Sword to tease the Planetary realm powerhouse twice in a row. Yin Wushu transformed into a fighter jet and carried everyone out of the encirclement.

The stream of light in the distance was getting closer.

Amidst furious roars, the five Planetary realm powerhouses chased after them crazily.

Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword swayed again, and their bodies convulsed again..