Chapter 1276 - 1276: The Mantis Catches The Cicada, Oriole Behind (3)

Chapter 1276: The Mantis Catches the Cicada, Oriole Behind (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

No one was willing to be the first cannon fodder, especially these Planetary realm powerhouses who had only achieved something after painstaking cultivation.

It also gave Xu Tui a chance to show off his God Slaying Sword.

Xu Tui laughed out loud when he saw this. The five Planetary realm powerhouses chasing after Xu Tui were all extremely aggrieved. How were these five Planetary realm experts chasing after four quasi-planetary experts?

It was the other way around!

However, despite their anger, no one was willing to die if they had to use up Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword.

Not even a death order from a superior.

Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword continued to display its might. It delayed for a full three minutes. Then, Xu Tui’s reinforcements arrived. There were four Planetary realms and five quasi-planetary realms. Other than the Spirit Queen and one or two people who stayed behind to guard, Xu Tui’s forces had almost been mobilized.

Seeing the lineup of reinforcements, the leader’s eyes almost popped out.

Four Planetary realms. Where did Xu Tui get four Planetary realms? Weren’t there only two Planetary realm experts?

In an instant, there were internal differences. Should he continue fighting or retreat? However, that was their internal difference. It was not Xu Tui’s problem.

Now, it was Xu Tui’s turn to have a good show.

“Everyone, I won’t play with you now. Let’s fight!”

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s side had a total of four Planetary realms and nine quasi-planetary realms. They surrounded the five Planetary realms.

However, the five Blue Star humans at the Planetary realm did not panic.

Xu Tui’s Planetary realm was the Planetary realm of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race. The combat strength of these two races was generally not strong, especially the Planetary realm of the Mechanical Spirit Race. They were at the bottom.

The Planetary realm combat strength of the Blue Star humans was almost the same as that of the Spiritual Race.

From this point of view, even though Xu Tui had nine quasi-planetary experts, they still had a chance of winning if Xu Tui did not exist. However, at this moment, they were not of the same division, so they could not make a decision to fight to the death or retreat immediately.

On the other hand, Xu Tui’s orders were very uniform. They charged over one by one and instantly fought with them.

The battle began!

Lavis, Bu Qingqiu, and Yanzi took the initiative to fight a Planetary realm. The battle instantly entered a tug-of-war. The other quasi-planetary opportunities participated in the battle. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue continued to support the battle from afar.

It had to be said that the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star were still very strong.

Even though Xu Tui had used the Small God Slaying Sword and the Mountain Seal to attack from both sides, he still did not kill any Planetary realm powerhouses even after fighting for three minutes without a good restriction.

The Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star were all very reserved. They had endless life-saving methods.

Xu Tui had taken special care of the leading Planetary realm man. He had almost killed him twice, but he had used a life-saving method to avoid it.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui’s situation was a little dangerous.

Yin Liu and Yin Ba were relatively weak among the Planetary realm. They were already injured. The other quasi-planets were also injured. If this continued, there would be casualties.

“Xiaoxue.” Xu Tui glanced at An Xiaoxue.

In the next moment, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash instantly covered the side of the Planetary realm man in the lead. Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s other Small God Slaying Sword slashed in, causing his mental body to tremble for a moment.

The Mountain Sword that was already prepared to attack was blocked by two Origin Crystal ability seal cards the moment it pierced through his chest.

The Mountain Seal instantly blasted down. The moment he dodged, it enlarged and exploded! The life-saving methods of the leading Planetary realm man had also been used up in the previous waves of attacks.

His head instantly exploded.

He died!

The death of the first Planetary realm powerhouse instantly shocked the other four Planetary realm powerhouses.

Such a defeat meant that they might not be able to succeed this time.

When they came, they had received an order to fight to the death. However, there was also an order from their respective superiors. If they could not catch them, they had to prioritize escaping and preserving their strength.

In the current situation, he was out of his depth. In an instant, the four Planetary realm powerhouses used their ultimate moves, wanting to escape. Once they escaped the encirclement, it would be difficult to kill them.

While An Xiaoxue was targeting one of the Planetary realm experts, Xu Tui did not hold back this time. Since he was going to chop off his claws, he had to chop harder! How was it enough to kill one or two Planetary realm experts?

In the next moment, the God Slaying Sword instantly disappeared and appeared above the head of one of the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Supernatural Branch.

It slashed in!

This person, who should only be a Planetary realm powerhouse with one or two Satellites, instantly became like a salted fish.

Although Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword was not in a complete state, it still severely injured the other party’s mental body on the spot. All of his protective power instantly dissipated and disappeared.

Under such circumstances, the quasi-planetary experts surrounding him would dismember him. @@novelbin@@

The second Planetary realm expert died.

Just as Xu Tui was about to use auxiliary methods to kill the next Planetary realm powerhouse, an extremely powerful ball of green light instantly flashed from afar and blasted toward Xu Tui like a meteor..