Chapter 1273 - 1273: Reunion Of Comrades And Strange Message(3)

Chapter 1273: Reunion of Comrades and Strange Message(3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The extra-terrestrial environment had changed too much. It ranged from a high temperature of 200 degrees to a low temperature of minus 200 degrees. Perhaps it would turn into powder after a low temperature.

Xu Tui did not refuse. He sat around the crowd and toasted with them. He dried the canned food with his cheeks and clinked glasses with everyone.

After fighting in the extra-terrestrial for several years, even Luo Murong, who had never touched a drop of alcohol, would start to drink one or two glasses. There was no other way. In the extra-terrestrial, drinking a glass of wine or smoking a cigarette was the simplest and fastest way to vent his stress and loneliness.

As for female partners, they were too difficult to find.

“Commander, we heard a lot about you. I don’t care if you’re passing by or doing anything when you come back this time. Why don’t you bring us to fight you together? I still like the year I fought with you. It was awesome! It was extremely exciting! We can still win in the end!” After drinking for a long time, the current regiment commander, Zhao Hailong, suddenly spoke, causing the entire venue to fall silent.

Although some people’s faces were red from drinking, they were all drinking beer. Moreover, any Genetic Evolution Realm expert would still be able to hold their liquor well without training.

Under such circumstances, Zhao Hailong’s words were very eye-catching. This was especially so for the old members of the Worldly Special Force. All of them stared at Xu Tui expectantly.

Under everyone’s expectant gazes, Xu Tui smiled bitterly. He slowly shook his head and raised his glass. “I passed by today and only wanted to talk about friendship!”

Zhao Hailong smiled bitterly and could only raise his glass.

Amidst the alcohol, An Xiaoxue distributed gifts to the old members on behalf of Xu Tui. Everyone had a life-saving Dimensional Slash Origin Crystal ability seal card made by An Xiaoxue.

Its strongest power could reach the early-stage of the quasi-planetary realm.

This was a very precious gift.

Although An Xiaoxue usually did not talk much, she was still very good at dealing with people. According to Xu Tui’s usual interactions with An Xiaoxue, this might be a characteristic of the Libra.

As there were still more than 30 new members, An Xiaoxue did not prepare gifts, so she took out some Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy at the last minute. Each person had one kilogram and was the size of a fist. This was also very practical and valuable to repair and accumulate for custom-made combat uniforms.

“By the way, Commander, is Old Yan with you?” Cui Xi suddenly asked. After a moment of silence, Xu Tui nodded. “Yes.”

“I guess so. This kid left without a trace back then, causing me to search for him for so long!” Cui Xi smiled bitterly.

“My identity was very dangerous at that time. He could only do that. He could not say it explicitly,” Xu Tui explained on behalf of Yan Lie.

“By the way, how is Old Yan now?”

“He’s already reached the Transmutation Realm. There’s hope of breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm within a year!”

“What?” This time, it was Luo Murong who stood up and exclaimed. Cui Xi’s eyes had already become round. “How… how is that possible?”

Everyone was stunned.

This was especially so for Luo Murong. Back then, Yan Lie had been tortured by him. Yan Lie liked to joke with him. Luo Murong was not good at joking. If there was a problem, he would slash Yan Lie with a 100-meter-long saber.

But now, he had just broken through to the Transmutation Realm. Yan Lie had already broken through to the Transmutation Realm and had a chance of reaching the quasi-planetary realm within a year.

At this moment, Luo Murong thought about many things. Many thoughts flashed through his mind.

Yan Lie was not a genius. His cultivation diligence was inferior to Luo Murong’s.

There was only one reason for this situation—follow Xu Tui.

The year that the old members of the Worldly Special Force followed Xu Tui, their cultivation progress was especially fast.

The reason was very simple. They had obtained a lot of cultivation resources by following Xu Tui. It would be strange if his cultivation progress was not fast.

In the next moment, Luo Murong, who had always been calm, stared at Xu Tui with an extremely enthusiastic gaze. His intentions could not be clearer. He wanted to follow Xu Tui. Cultivation and constantly improving himself had long become his pursuit.

However, at this moment, Xu Tui pretended not to see Luo Murong’s gaze.

Xu Tui did not mention anything about recruiting members until he left. An hour later, Xu Tui hugged the old members one by one and bade them farewell. He also hugged Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan.

An Xiaoxue could tell that it was a pure hug.

They turned to leave.

Some of them had tears in their eyes.

After returning to the room arranged by the crater base, Ah Huang, who had been silent for a long time, spoke again, “Xu Tui, since you like to stay with them, why didn’t you recruit them just now? They’ll all come over as long as you ask, right?”

“I can’t!”

Ah Huang looked puzzled.

“As you said, as long as I ask, they will come and follow me! However, the nature of my recruitment this time is different. It was to recruit members for the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, one of the independent organizations of the Blue Star. It was not just to change their team.

“The situation was also more complicated. It would have a far-reaching impact on their future. They could not make a decision in this state. I think Principal Cai will contact them. At that time, they will make a reasonable decision after calm consideration,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood.” Ah Huang did not understand.

What Xu Tui did not know was that just as Ah Huang seemed to understand, Luo Murong, Cui Xi, Miao Huanshan, and the others, who had a slightly dejected expression, received a mysterious message from Ah Huang. “There should be good news from Principal Cai.”

Luo Murong was stunned. He had a startled expression. There was also… surprise!

“Xiaoxue, it’s been three days. If they want to take action, they should be ready, right?” Xu Tui made the final plan in the Mars base.

“If there is, it should be enough.” “Ah Huang, our men are here, right?”

“It’s in place.”

“Then they can only mobilize three to four Planetary realm powerhouses in three days. This is also within our range of response,” Xu Tui said.

“There’s still a day on the way. The other party has most likely gathered four Planetary realm powerhouses,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Four it is!” Xu Tui sneered. “It’s better if there are four of them. I could chop their claws harder so that they can learn their lesson.” “Kill them all?” An Xiaoxue was still a little hesitant.

“If not, am I going to keep their claws and stab me in the back time and time again? At this moment, such power is not at the frontline but dealing with me. It’s fine if I don’t keep such power.” Xu Tui had a cold expression.

After a few seconds of silence, An Xiaoxue nodded gently. “Alright, I’ll listen to you. When do we set off?”

“Two hours later, we’ll head to Manut from Mars. Then, head directly to the transit planet between Planet Spirit at Manut. I think they’ve already chosen where to attack.”

In the early morning of December 22nd, Xu Tui and the others arrived at the Manut asteroid through the quantum teleportation channel from Mars. They greeted Command Cheng Daxing and were about to leave.

However, before he left, Ah Huang’s voice suddenly rang out.

“Xu Tui, I received an encrypted message. The source is unknown, and the content can’t be analyzed. However, from the channels and sources, it should be for you.” Ah Huang’s voice suddenly sounded.

“Let me see.”

When he saw the meaningless string at the beginning of the content, Xu Tui suddenly remembered a very special and disorderly password book that he had used before. @@novelbin@@

That was the first disorderly code book he had come into contact with in his life!