Chapter 1274 - 1274: The Mantis Catches The Cicada, Oriole Behind (1)

Chapter 1274: The Mantis Catches the Cicada, Oriole Behind (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On December 22nd, after Xu Tui left Manut, six figures sat in a virtual projection meeting room that was built with a secret frequency.

They were all partners invited by Raymont.

Ruan Tianzuo was also one of them. However, the virtual projection that Ruan Tianzuo had transformed into was purely a public virtual projection. He could not see any characteristics. Ruan Tianzuo was still very careful.

Among the other five virtual projections, one was definitely Raymont. Ruan Tianzuo did not know who the other four were. However, he could roughly guess that there was Haren from the American Sector and Itavi from the India Sector. They had worked together before.

Ruan Tianzuo was not sure who the other two virtual projections were.

Who could it be?

‘Everyone, is everyone in place?” Raymont was the first to speak.

Some of the virtual projections present nodded, while others responded. In any case, they all indicated that everyone was in place.

“Alright, I’ll announce a temporary communication channel later and ask them to listen to commands! This time, we gathered so many Planetary realm powerhouses to attack at the same time for one goal. We can only succeed. We can’t fail!

“I hope that everyone here will tell your subordinates again that this battle must be a life-and-death battle! If you succeed, the future will definitely be different! Of course, the plan that many of you think but don’t dare to have might have a chance of success.”

The mysterious virtual projections nodded. In a few seconds, they all dispersed. However, Ruan Tianzuo did not disperse immediately. Instead, he looked at Raymont and asked, “How is it? Are you confident this time?”

“It’s guaranteed!

“That’s enough! Besides, I have other preparations,” Raymont said. “Alright, I’ll wait for your good news.”

In space, Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Lavis, and Yin Wushu were riding a Hunter fighter jet. They were moving at an extreme speed. Inside the fighter jet, Lavis was on guard, ready for a short-range directional jump. If the enemy did not arrive at the planned battlefield, Lavis would lead everyone to escape first. Xu Tui had already decrypted the strange information he had received before he left Manut.

It was from Old Sha.

Back then, Xu Tui had encountered the severely injured Shamera when he was escaping from danger in the waters of Niyah. After that, the two of them had come to a series of intentional cooperation and agreement. At that time, Shamera had given Xu Tui a disorderly password book.

That was the first time Xu Tui had received a disorderly password book. He had a deep impression of it. He remembered it at a glance. The ability brought about by powerful mind power was a photographic memory. Xu Tui quickly analyzed the contents.

“The journey back might be dangerous. It’s easy to change the route!” It was just a few words, but it made Xu Tui smile bitterly.

Old Sha had made him owe him a favor with just 12 words. However, Xu Tui was still very happy.

Some friends were worth making.

Under normal circumstances, it was impossible for Old Sha to know such news. However, Old Sha was considered an extremely smart person to be able to escape unscathed after being a traitor back then. It was also possible for him to make a deduction based on the traces.

But now, Old Sha was currently a core member of The Myth. The traces that Old Sha knew were most likely the movements of some people in The Myth. In other words, The Myth was involved in this operation.

Xu Tui’s bait had attracted the attention of The Myth.

“Perhaps this lure will attract all kinds of people.” Xu Tui sneered. He closed his eyes and entered a meditative state. He began to adjust his state.

There was still a day and a half before they reached the possible range of battle. The battle was about to begin. Xu Tui was not in a hurry.

In the fighter jet, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were calmly meditating and cultivating. On the other hand, Lavis and Yin Wushu were extremely nervous. After all, they had to face the siege of several Planetary realm powerhouses.

December 23rd.

Yin Wushu, who had been controlling the quantum radar, suddenly exclaimed, “Sir, we’ve discovered an unknown powerful energy spot. It’s 20,000 kilometers away from us.”

Xu Tui instantly woke up from his deepest cultivation. “How many are there?”

“One, two. It’s still increasing. It’s three.”

“How far is it from the transit planet to Planet Spirit?”

“More than 300,000 kilometers,” Yin Wushu immediately replied.

“They chose a good location. They think that even if we have reinforcements coming from Planet Spirit, they will still need time to reach the combat position. Aren’t they smart? How far is it from our people?”

“Our people should be waiting 200,000 kilometers away from the transit planet according to orders. They’re about 100,000 kilometers away from us now,” Yin Wushu said.

“Okay, I’ll send a signal. Ah Huang, take over the fighter jet and circle around it. Throw one or two three-phase thermal bombs at the same time to buy them some time,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!” @@novelbin@@

Then, Xu Tui sent a signal to the intermediate colony of Tri Ling Ding through Tri Ling Ding. He received a response less than 30 seconds later.

Next, Ah Huang began to display her tricks. Even though the three Planetary realm powerhouses were chasing after it from different directions, Ah Huang still managed to last for half an hour.

In the middle, she fired two three-phase thermal bombs with the Hunter fighter jet. Although they did not injure the enemy, they delayed the enemy and bought time..