Chapter 1286 - 1286: Advantage Of Primordial Spirit And Array Discovery (1)

Chapter 1286: Advantage of Primordial Spirit and Array Discovery (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

For the next six to seven days, Xu Tui immersed himself in studying the Primordial Spirit after breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm and the traditional culture of the Huaxia Daoism.

This was especially so since Xu Tui’s current mind power was powerful. It brought about an extremely powerful memory and reading speed. This research progress was very shocking. Including his accumulation in college and his recent hard work, Xu Tui had basically finished reading all the ancient Huaxia books that Ah Huang could search for.

Xu Tui had studied most of this cute and stupid Primordial Spirit, Little Xu. His most obvious change after breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm was that his mind power had more than doubled.

Just because his mind power had more than doubled did not mean that his strength had also doubled. However, it was still a lot.

For example, the compression of the Mountain Seal and the Mountain Flying Sword was even more convenient. The greatest increase in power was the mental hammer and the Small God Slaying Sword.

In any case, Xu Tui did not dare to hammer some with his current mental hammer. He could only hammer An Xiaoxue lightly.

Take Bu Qingqiu for example. She would faint after a hit.

As for the power of the Small God Slaying Sword, it completely depended on the amount of mind power injected into it. Investing 20% of his mind power now was equivalent to 50% of his previous mind power.

Before this, the Small God Slaying Sword that Xu Tui had condensed with 20 to 30% of his mind power could severely injure an ordinary quasi-planetary.

In theory, if Xu Tui used about 20% of his mind power to condense a Small God Slaying Sword and slash out, he would be able to instantly kill an ordinary quasi-planetary expert. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui even speculated that with his current level of 72-point mind power, he might be able to severely injure a Planetary realm powerhouse below the Four Satellites if he injected about 50% of his mind power into the Small God Slaying Sword.

If he injected 90% of his mind power into the Small God Slaying Sword, he might be able to severely injure a Four or even Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

The power of the Small God Slaying Sword formed by such powerful mind power was probably about the same as the power of the true God Slaying Sword.

Even though the power of Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword seemed to have increased after he broke through, unfortunately, Xu Tui could not find anyone to experiment on under such circumstances. He could not bear to use it on An

Xiaoxue, nor did he dare to. It was even more so for Bu Qingqiu, or Old Cai. If anything happened to them, Xu Tui would have no place to cry.

However, after trying for the past few days, Xu Tui realized a difference. The mental hammer was sometimes more useful than the Small God Slaying Sword.

In the past half a year, Xu Tui had used the Small God Slaying Sword a lot. He had not used the mental hammer much. However, there was an essential difference between the mental hammer and the Small God Slaying Sword.

The mental hammer was not expendable. If it was condensed with 20% of mind power, it would always exist and consume very little energy.

With Xu Tui’s current mind power, he would definitely be able to threaten a a Planetary realm powerhouse with the mental hammer that he had condensed with 20% of his mind power.

But what about the Small God Slaying Sword?

It was gone after it slashed in.

The Small God Slaying Sword, which was condensed by 20 to 30% of his mind power, might be able to instantly kill a quasi-planet. However, the consumption speed was too fast. Xu Tui would have to back down after slashing out two to three times.

From this point of view, the mental hammer was more practical.

His second discovery of the cute Primordial Spirit was that using his Primordial Spirit to use certain abilities would increase his abilities.

For example, when he used his Primordial Spirit to leave his body to use pure mind power abilities like spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, spiritual concealment, and even the mental hammer and Small God Slaying Sword, there would be a certain level of improvement. It was faster, more direct, and more powerful.

The current increase was about 20%.

This 20% increase was not to be underestimated. A 20% lead was enough to be invincible among Planetary realm powerhouses of the same level. However, if the Primordial Spirit left his body to use the power of the School of General Senses, the enhancement would be even higher, by more than 30%.

However, this enhancement required the primordial spirit to leave his body and his physical body to use the power of the School of General Senses at the same time.

Currently, after his primordial spirit left his body, he could indeed control his body through his consciousness. He did not even have any problems letting his body use the Vajra Set. However, Xu Tui was not too familiar with it yet, so he needed to practice.

Xu Tui felt that the primordial spirit was like a treasure boy. He was still in the development and exploration stage.

In the Huaxia Daoism’s ancient books, the role of the primordial spirit was more inclined to the attack and influence of mind power.

Xu Tui had already tried this.

For example, using his primordial spirit to teleport with his left eye, the speed would be faster and further, and the consumption would be more mind-boggling.

For example, his spiritual resonance had reached an abnormal level.

This was especially so when the other party’s mind power was inferior to Xu Tui’s.

Yesterday, Xu Tui secretly left his body and secretly took a look at Yanzi. Then, he realized that Yanzi was thinking about him.

And it was the kind that wanted to hug him.

Xu Tui was so frightened that his primordial spirit fluctuated and he was almost exposed. This made him have an idea. If the primordial spirit was so strong in this aspect, could he try out the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence?

Xu Tui used the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence, spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, spiritual concealment, hypnosis, and so on the most. As he stepped into the extra-terrestrial, those slowly became useless and were rarely used.

The appearance of the primordial spirit figure gave Xu Tui a new idea, especially after the abnormality of god and demon.

What if one of these abilities gave Xu Tui a new ability after it produced the abnormality?