Chapter 1285 - 1285: The Great Dao Of Cultivation And Primordial Spirit

Chapter 1285: The Great Dao of Cultivation and Primordial Spirit

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was stunned again when his attention landed on the extremely cute and stupid little person. That feeling was very strange. The perspective seemed to have changed at this moment. His gaze landed on this cute and stupid person.

Moreover, this cute and stupid little person was restless.

At that moment, Xu Tui felt that he was this small person. This small person was himself. Furthermore, it was very light.

“Can I move this thing?”

The moment this thought appeared in his mind, the cute and stupid little person suddenly flew up. The thing under its feet was actually a red fire slip.

In the next moment, Xu Tui was stunned again.

Xu Tui saw himself. He saw himself standing in the middle of the martial arts arena. His aura was powerful and majestic, and he was motionless.

Xu Tui saw An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, Wen Shao, Ah Huang, Yanzi, Yan Lie, and

Ou Oingshan. However. these people did not seem to have seen him. Their

gazes were all focused on the motionless Xu Tui’s body.

Xu Tui was extremely curious. The little figure stared at An Xiaoxue and slowly flew toward her.

Almost at the same time, An Xiaoxue instantly raised her head. Her beautiful eyes shone, and her right eye, which was not wearing sunglasses, instantly turned silver.

Silver Eye in her right eye.

An Xiaoxue seemed to have sensed something. She swept her mind power crazily and activated the abnormality. “Miss Bu, I feel a gaze in the air. It’s very powerful! However, I can’t find it. You can look for it too. I’m afraid of danger.”

An Xiaoxue, who did not notice anything, became anxious. She immediately informed Bu Qingqiu. Among this group of people, other than An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu’s mind power was the strongest.

In the next moment, Bu Qingqiu, who was sensing the void with all her might, also sensed the abnormality that An Xiaoxue mentioned. There was indeed an abnormal power in the void, but she could not find it. However, Bu Qingqiu was extremely decisive.

“Xiaoxue, for Xu Tui’s safety, let’s join forces and use our mind power to sweep through the entire arena. We could use the purest mind power to create a mind power storm. At that time, no matter what is above the martial arts arena, it will reveal its true form,” Bu Qingqiu said.

“Okay!” An Xiaoxue agreed readily.

Xu Tui was stunned. Miss Bu was too powerful. He still did not understand what was going on with this cute and stupid little person. He did not want it to be destroyed by Bu Qingqiu’s mental storm.

“Xiaoxue, it’s me! There’s a strange phenomenon on my body. I’m studying it.” Xu Tui immediately informed An Xiaoxue.

This cute and stupid little person could also communicate with An Xiaoxue telepathically.

“Oh? Okay!” An Xiaoxue responded and immediately stopped Bu Qingqiu.

Xu Tui, who was invisible in the air, was as happy as a child. He kept trying all kinds of things.

First, Xu Tui tried it out. This cute and stupid little person could remotely control his body. There was a strange connection between it and his body. As long as there was a trace of attention on the physical body, the physical body could move, and the cute and stupid little person could move.

Then, Xu Tui tried it out. The cute and stupid little person seemed to be quite powerful. Other than the fact that he could not use his energy field, he could also use most of his supernatural being abilities.

However, Xu Tui had only barely tested it out. He did not dare to make any noise. If the Mountain Formula really exploded out of thin air, these surrounding friends would probably be frightened.

However, Xu Tui also discovered another pattern.

The distance between the cute and stupid little person and its body did not seem to be too far. He did not feel anything within ten kilometers.

After exceeding 10 kilometers, the further away it was from its physical body, the cute and stupid little person would feel a sense of consumption and loss of power.

After playing for about ten minutes and confirming that he had successfully broken through, Xu Tui instantly sank back into his body.

With a whoosh, the entire world returned to a state of six senses from when he only had mental perception.

In the distance, An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu heaved a sigh of relief at the same time. The strange feeling of watching was gone!

Xu Tui once again entered introspection through meditation. After entering the introspection this time, his mind had changed drastically.

The Supernova that was condensed from the 72-point Great Genetic Chain floated in his mind and emitted layers of faint light.

Layers of light were very obvious.

This was the star halo. It was a unique characteristic ot the Supernova condensed by quasi-planetary and Planetary realm powerhouses. It also represented the strength of the Supernova.

Three, four, five!

Xu Tui was stunned when he counted it seriously.

A 72-point Great Genetic Chain Supernova actually had a fifth-level star halo.

Before he broke through, Cai Shaochu said that Xu Tui’s mind power was equivalent to that of a Planetary realm powerhouse. He would probably have three star halos after he broke through.

After using the 72 -point Great Genetic Chain as the main chain to break through, Xu Tui’s mind power would most likely increase by more than 50%.

At that time, there was a high chance that his first supernova would have four star halos.

This was because under normal circumstances, the difference between a star halo was an increase of 50% in strength.

But now, this supernova actually has five stars.

This meant that Xu Tui’s mind power had doubled after he broke through with the 72-point Great Genetic Chain in a perfect internal circulation state. Moreover, it did not just double. It should have increased by 120%!

This increase far exceeded his expectations.

In an instant, Xu Tui’s hesitation before he broke through completely disappeared. Before he broke through, he had been conflicted about his new mental attack ability. Now, this terrifying increase satisfied him.

In other words, the effect of breaking through the main chain with mind power was too shocking.

To put it bluntly, other Planetary realm powerhouses would not have such an increase even after five or even ten years of bitter cultivation.

It was worth it!

72 dazzling spots of light densely covered this supernova. They were exceptionally dazzling against the five star halos.

However, the most eye-catching thing was that cute and stupid little person.

After returning to his body, he stepped on the supernova with the red fire slip above his head.

He looked cute and stupid. It would be flashy if he stepped on a flying sword. As he thought, a flying sword materialized in his mind. The image of a cute and stupid little person instantly became flashy.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes. “Everyone, I’ve successfully broken through. However, I need two to three days to stabilize my realm. The Energy Gathering Cultivation Room in the main base will belong to me for the time being. You guys can cultivate elsewhere first.”

After condensing the Supernova, due to the horizontal effect, all the genetic ability chains, including the physical body, would be strengthened by the power of the Supernova in a short period of time.

During this strengthening process, a large amount of Origin Energy was needed to make the strengthening effect better and last longer. Otherwise, after the power in the Supernova was exhausted, the passive strengthening after the breakthrough would end.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui, who had entered the Energy Gathering Cultivation Room, began to absorb the energy here with all his might. He had just begun to absorb and cultivate. So the concentration of nearly 6.0 energy was still enough for Xu Tui.

However, a few minutes later, when Xu Tui used the cute and stupid little person to begin absorbing it, the concentration of energy in the energy-gathering cultivation room began to rapidly decrease.

It almost gathered into a tangible energy pillar and surged into Xu Tui’s body.

Under the horizontal efficiency, every cell and even every gene in Xu Tui’s body was receiving the injection of Origin Energy. Xu Tui’s fingertips began to tremble. All the genetic chains and physical aura in his body were exchanging with the 72-point supernova.

The memories of the genetic chain and the physical body were constantly solidified in the Supernova during this exchange.

This was a semi-evolution of the level of life.

One day, if Xu Tui was like Cai Shaochu and lost his physical body, as long as his head was still there, as long as the 72-point main planet was still there, his genetic chain-related physical body would be able to reproduce as long as he had enough energy.

On the Blue Star, this was called a quasi-planetary transformation!

“There’s not enough energy!”

However, that did not matter. Xu Tui, who was rich and imposing, threw out 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals to see if he could finish absorbing it.

Although he had absorbed a large amount of Origin Energy, Xu Tui’s quasi-planetary transformation process was not faster than the normal transformation process. Instead, it took a longer time.

It took him four and a half days to complete the quasi-planetary transformation.

Xu Tui could roughly think of the reason with his current theoretical standards. It should be because his 72-point main supernova was exceptionally powerful. Many Planetary realm powerhouses with three and four Satellites did not have such a powerful main supernova.

This also caused the cultivation effect triggered by Xu Tui’s horizontal effect after his breakthrough to be very good. @@novelbin@@

In four and a half days, the other genetic ability chains were triggered by the horizontal effect. There were more than 50 new internal circulation chains every day.

Xu Tui had even built many internal circulation chains of genetic ability chains that he had not used much recently, such as spiritual resonance, advanced hypnosis, and spiritual radiation.

This increase could be said to be huge. In the past four and a half days, other than cultivating, Xu Tui had also been thinking about searching for information. He wanted to find out what this cute and stupid person was.

Unfortunately, there were no records of cute and stupid people like Xu Tui in the Huaxia Sector, including the Blue Star.

Itavi had a mental body clone, but it was different from this.

Itavi’s was a clone.

Xu Tui’s looked like his main body.

After thinking for a long time, Xu Tui thought of something in the Huaxia Sector’s Daoist system—Primordial Spirit? Or was it Yin Spirit?

Xu Tui felt that it should not be Yin Spirit. The restrictions on the Yin Spirit were huge. For example, it would be damaged under the scorching sun. But just now, Xu Tui’s cute and stupid person could move day and night.

It was a little like a Daoist’s Primordial Spirit!

Starting from the cultivation of genetic base points, he actually managed to cultivate a Daoist’s Primordial Spirit?

Xu Tui would not have dared to think about it in the past. However, he quickly accepted this now.

The so-called supernatural being was to jump out of the original scientific system! If the original scientific system was useful, why did they need supernatural beings? Before a complete and new supernatural being system was established, Xu Tui needed to jump out of his original understanding.

For the time being, he would call this cute and stupid person a Primordial Spirit.

Xu Tui was wondering what he would discover when he broke through to the Planetary realm in the future. Now that the Daoist’s Primordial Spirit in the Huaxia Sector’s traditional culture had been cultivated, what else could he cultivate in the future?

Xu Tui became extremely curious as he broke through.

The Huaxia Daoism books that he had read under Bian Yuan’s guidance suddenly jumped back into his mind.

If this cute and stupid person was really a Primordial Spirit, did that mean that the Daoist cultivation system of the Huaxia Sector was not a myth or legend, but a real existence? It had just declined for some reason. Then, could Xu Tui replicate it now?

Xu Tui became excited when he thought of this.

Old Cai said that there was no way forward in his cultivation. He had to completely explore on his own. However, if his thoughts were correct, then the

Great Dao of Cultivation was right in front of the Huaxia Sector.

It was hidden in countless piles of old paper..