Chapter 1280 - 1280: Awakening And The Real And Fake Raymont(1)

Chapter 1280: Awakening and the Real and Fake Raymont(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

December 26th, Planet Peach.

In front of the newly built medical center of the Base Peach, Bu Qingqiu, Yin Ba, Diliu Xiaoshu, Yanzi, Yin Wushu, and the others were waiting at the door with anxious expressions.

Xu Tui, the commander of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, had been unconscious ever since he used a forbidden move to kill Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, who had launched a surprise attack.

However, according to Xu Tui’s previous instructions, including An Xiaoxue’s, Xu Tui would definitely wake up within three days.

It had been three days.

Everyone was waiting for Xu Tui to wake up.

It was not just the peonle on Planet Peach. spirit Oueen. Yan Lie. piwu Hui. and

the others on duty on the other planets were all waiting for Xu Tui to wake up. Extreme depletion of mind power caused ruptured mental bodies. Such injuries were actually rather worrying.

This was especially so for the current small group of pioneer raiders. The existence of Xu Tui as the core was too important. If there was a problem with Xu Tui, the core, the entire pioneer raiders would have a huge problem.

Everyone was looking forward to Xu Tui’s awakening.

However, half an hour later, only An Xiaoxue came out of the medical center. Everyone was stunned when they saw An Xiaoxue come out alone. They were surprised and even more nervous.

“He hasn’t woken up yet, but his vital signs are stable. The activity of his brain waves is gradually strengthening. It might take some time for him to recover. It will probably take another day to two days.” An Xiaoxue was very calm and demure when she said these words.

An Xiaoxue’s performance gave everyone some peace of mind. After a few words of concern, they dispersed. Everything went back to normal as they went back to cultivating and being on duty.

Yanzi was the last to leave. She actually wanted to go in and see Xu Tui, but An Xiaoxue’s attitude was very determined. No one could do it at this moment.

The reason was very simple. There were only so many people in the small group. Who could visit him and not let anyone visit him after?

He was also worried about Xu Tui’s safety.

This was especially so when Xu Tui was unconscious. Diwu Hui, Diliu Xiaoshu, and the others would easily have disloyal thoughts.

After everyone left, An Xiaoxue slowly returned to the medical center. The moment she turned around and entered, she had a look of panic. She continuously compared the various life data detected in the medical pod.

An Xiaoxue had not lied previously. His vital signs were indeed stable, and his brainwave activity was gradually strengthening. However, the current strength of his brainwaves had not reached 50% of normal.

It had been three days!

It had been more than three days. @@novelbin@@

How could this be?

Last time, Xu Tui had teleported something else and fainted on the spot. His mental body had been injured because of the overload of his mind power.

However, last time, he recovered from his injuries after using a Silver Spirit Box and woke up in three days.

Why was it different this time? The strength of the target that was teleported was different?

The last time he tried teleporting, his target was only an ordinary living being. This time, it was a Planetary realm powerhouse with four or five Satellites.

After thinking for a long time, An Xiaoxue felt that this was the biggest problem. There was only one way An Xiaoxue could save his mental body. A few seconds later, An Xiaoxue took out another Silver Spirit Box and carefully extracted all the spiritual power inside into Xu Tui’s body.

Then, she could only wait quietly.

Two days later, on December 28th, Xu Tui still did not wake up. The members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders gathered in front of the medical center again.

This time, even An Xiaoxue could not calm down. Even though An Xiaoxue did not have Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance, the power of her mind power was still very sensitive to the changes in the minds of others.

This was especially so for the members of the race who had surrendered. They became even more nervous. They were even more concerned about Xu Tui’s situation.

This was the first time the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had encountered such an invisible crisis.

An Xiaoxue had considered many ways to operate it. In the end, after discussing it with Bu Qingqiu, Yan Lie, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and the others, she decided to reveal the truth. The more she hid it, the more uneasy and hidden dangers it would cause within the group. It might even plant hidden dangers for the future.

Most importantly, although Xu Tui had not woken up, he had been recovering from the monitoring of his life, including An Xiaoxue’s mental perception.

An Xiaoxue believed that Xu Tui would definitely wake up. However, it would take time.

An Xiaoxue’s actions temporarily dispersed the uneasiness of the members of the small group. However, the current members of this small group were extremely complicated. There would really be a problem if Xu Tui did not wake up for a long time.

On the night of December 28th, An Xiaoxue took out another Silver Spirit Box and guided it into Xu Tui’s mental body.

Xu Tui had given her a total of five Silver Spirit Boxes in case of emergencies. Now, three of them were used on Xu Tui.

In the early morning of December 29th, Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, he still felt as if his head was about to explode.

Actually, Xu Tui had understood that something was wrong the moment his mind power was depleted before his mental body was injured and he fainted. The strength of the target that was forcefully teleported was proportional to the backlash that Xu Tui suffered.

However, at that moment, Xu Tui felt as if his head was about to explode. He had no choice but to faint.

The only fortunate thing was that An Xiaoxue knew how to save him..