Chapter 1281 - 1281: Awakening And The Real And Fake Raymont (2)

Chapter 1281: Awakening and the Real and Fake Raymont (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“You’re awake?” An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui, who had sat up. She was pleasantly surprised. Tears flashed in her eyes. These six days were too torturous for her. On the one hand, Xu Tui’s coma made her anxious. On the other hand, she had to be extremely strong and calm for the members of the pioneer raiders.

If An Xiaoxue panicked, there would be a problem within the pioneer raiders.

“I’ve made you worry.” Xu Tui pulled An Xiaoxue into his arms and frowned slightly.

“Why? Are you not feeling well?”

“My head hurts a little. The backlash from forcefully teleporting Raymont is much stronger than I expected.”

“Don’t use this move in the future if you can. It’s too scary.” An Xiaoxue stood up and gently massaged Xu Tui’s forehead.

A slightly cold finger landed on Xu Tui’s forehead and gently kneaded it. It made Xu Tui feel comfortable. She was not the aloof masked goddess of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College in the past. Now, she was so gentle in front of Xu Tui that she was about to melt him.

“Everyone, I am Xu Tui. I have already woken up! The backlash from the forbidden technique is a little huge, so I’ve slept for a few more days. At ten o’clock tomorrow morning, we will hold a post-war summary meeting. Those who are not on Planet Liuxia will participate in the meeting in the form of a virtual projection.”

Xu Tui’s message on the public channel instantly made all the uneasiness in the pioneer raiders disappear. Everyone who was originally not in the mood to cultivate immediately fell into deep cultivation. The few people whose thoughts were flying around also quietened down.

At this moment, the cries of the insects in the entire Planet Peach seemed to

nave quietened down.

Due to Xu Tui’s coma, the quantum teleportation channel that was supposed to be established separately from the Huaxia Sector’s general base on Planet Kono had not been activated for a long time.

They had already been urged once. After meditating and sleeping for another seven hours, Xu Tui, who had woken up, had basically recovered. He then rushed to Planet Liuxia.

The first thing was to naturally calm people down. The problem of the small group of pioneer raiders was also exposed this time. The current existence depended on Xu Tui’s core cohesion. If anything happened to Xu Tui, the pioneer raiders might instantly break up. However, it was not easy to solve this problem.

He needed at least another powerful Planetary realm powerhouse. It might be An Xiaoxue or Bu Qingqiu. From the looks of it, Bu Qingqiu had the most hope. However, he could not be anxious about breaking through to the Planetary realm.

Bu Qingqiu had been stuck at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm for more than a year, but there was still no movement.

The conclusion meeting after the battle made everyone under Xu Tui feel completely at ease. At the same time, Xu Tui also understood the current situation.

First of all, the quantum teleportation channel of the transit planet that was connected to Manut had been completely destroyed. It was also because Xu Tui was seriously injured that it was completely destroyed.

However, after it was completely destroyed, the connection with the Huaxia

Sector, or rather, Planet Kono, was almost severed. Previously, the Huaxia Sector had sent an inquiry message. Relying on regular electronic communication, the delay in the message was as high as two days.

However, it was not a problem after Xu Tu woke up.

He was also very anxious to know about the current situation on the Blue Star.

Even if the consequences of killing the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont, would not be earth -shattering, it would definitely affect the situation deeply. It would cause a huge change in the internal situation of the Blue Star.

It had been seven days since Raymont was killed. The Blue Star had probably completed the reshuffling.

What would it be like?

Xu Tui really wanted to know.

Currently, he was very proficient in activating the quantum array core and solidifying the quantum teleportation channel. Three hours later, they completed the quantum teleportation channel with the Huaxia Sector’s general base on Planet Kono and completed the communication.

Although Xu Tui had absolute trust in the Huaxia Sector, the quantum teleportation channel on Planet Liuxia still made a control measure.

If needed, he could immediately stop the energy input and cut off contact with the Huaxia Sector’s general base.

“Hello, I am Zhu Lang. Please contact me through communication, Comrade Xu Tui, the commander of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders.” The person guarding the quantum teleportation channel was Xu Tui’s old acquaintance, Zhu Lang.

After the quantum teleportation channel was formed, instant communication could be established with technological quantum communication devices and the quantum fluctuations of the quantum teleportation channel.

Of course, the price was that the quantum teleportation channel could not be used for the time being.

After both sides confirmed their identities, Xu Tui immediately asked Zhu

Lang, “Brother Zhu, how has Planet Kono been recently?”

“What do you mean? Which aspect are you referring to? The overall situation and the frontline are actually very good. The construction progress here was also very fast. It was estimated that in three to four months, the three-dimensional defense model that we had built would be preliminary formed.

“In addition, with the construction of the base, the various sectors increased their immigration. Currently, the total population of the Blue Star that has immigrated to Planet Kono, including the military, has exceeded 300,000.” Zhu Lang spoke happily, but Xu Tui felt a little…

They were all very good. They did not seem to meet Xu Tui’s expectations.

Logically speaking, Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, had disappeared for seven to eight days. This was very serious, be it in terms of Raymont’s identity or personal strength.

There were also four Planetary realm powerhouses from other organizations who died in battle. It should have caused a lot of commotion. Why was everything fine?

“Nothing happened?”

Xu Tui’s words confused Zhu Lang. “Say, Master Xu, what exactly do you want to ask? Can’t you be more direct with our relationship? As long as your identity is not top-secret, I can answer you, okay?”

“Hahaha!” Xu Tui laughed. It was only now that he reacted. That was indeed the case. “Old Zhu, you should know about Raymont’s disappearance, right? What did Planet Kono say about the position of the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee? Also, do they have any explanation for Raymont’s disappearance?”

“The director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont, disappeared?” On the other side of the quantum teleportation tunnel, Zhu Lang’s mouth suddenly opened wide. “Xu Tui, are you… dreaming or did you injure your brain? Or did Raymont do something to you? Raymont is fine.”

“Impossible!” Xu Tui rejected the idea. He had personally killed Raymont and paid such a huge price. How could Raymont be fine?

That was absolutely impossible! Or was the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s office hiding the truth?

“What’s impossible? Two days ago, Raymont even publicly appeared and came to our Huaxia Sector’s general base to inspect, ” Zhu Lang said.

“What? Raymont went on a public inspection? That’s impossible! That’s absolutely impossible!” Xu Tui was instantly stunned. How was that possible?

“How is that impossible? I saw it with my own eyes. There are even news reports. I’ll send them to you,” Zhu Lang said.

A minute later, Xu Tui saw many new reports sent by Zhu Lang. @@novelbin@@

Some came from the Huaxia Sector, some from the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s office, and some from the other sectors. The day before yesterday, on December 27th, Raymont inspected more than one general base.

Xu Tui was stunned when he saw Raymont’s smiling figure in the news. He felt as if he was seeing an illusion. That day, Raymont’s aura was exactly the same as the one he had seen in Raymont’s official residence on Planet Kono. “I want to see Principal Cai.” Xu Tui’s voice was very solemn.

There was a problem.

There was definitely a huge problem.

“Okay!”

Fifteen minutes later, Cai Shaochu arrived. He did not communicate with Xu Tui for long before he followed Xu Tui’s request and personally visited Raymont at the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s general base.

A visit from such a high-ranking person usually required an appointment in advance. However, with Cai Shaochu’s status, he passed by smoothly. He was brought to the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s office and happily accepted Cai Shaochu’s visit.

Xu Tui waited quietly opposite the quantum teleportation channel on Planet Liuxia. He waited for the final news.

Cai Shaochu would definitely not make a mistake if he observed it personally.

An hour and a half later, Cai Shaochu returned.

“Principal, how is it?” Xu Tui was very anxious.

“It’s Raymont. He’s alive and real! His mental fluctuations are close to the ones I’ve seen before!” Cai Shaochu said.

“Close?” Xu Tui keenly caught that word..