Chapter 1282 - 1282: Real Clone And Preparing To Break Through(1)

Chapter 1282: Real Clone and Preparing to Break Through(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“There is indeed a problem with Raymont. Tell me in detail.” Cai Shaochu had already appeared in front of Xu Tui when he said this.

The quantum teleportation channel had been built. Cai Shaochu, a Planetary realm powerhouse, could pass through it.

In ten days, Cai Shaochu’s injuries had recovered. His body was as good as new. However, this kind of physical body that was produced in a short period of time through the nutrition chamber and technological means was clearly a little weak. Its aura was a little strange.

It was only because supernatural beings in the Planetary realm relied very little on their bodies.

This was especially so for Planetary realm powerhouses from the Supernatural Branch. More than 90% of their strength was in the condensed supernatural new stars. It was fine if they lost their bodies, they could regenerate them.

However, it would be troublesome if the physical body of an Extreme Branch Planetary realm powerhouse was destroyed. Their strength would decrease by more than half. Even if they managed to regenerate their physical body, it would still take years to completely recover their previous combat strength.

“I visited Raymont myself. Then, I used my mind power to constantly sense Raymont’s condition. All of Raymont’s characteristics were almost the same as before. But I could still sense that they were different.

“Its physical body, including the aura of its mental body, was extremely different from the previous Raymont. This difference was difficult for ordinary people to notice. However, I’ve fought alongside Raymont many times and am very familiar with his aura, so I can make such a judgment.”

“Principal, do you mean that you believe that I really killed Raymont?” Xu Tui asked.

“I do.”

“Then this?” Currently, Raymont, who was active on Planet Kono, was the biggest problem. At the same time, it also gave Xu Tui immense pressure. How terrifying would a Planetary realm powerhouse who could not be killed be?

“It shouldn’t be impossible to kill him! I think that Raymont might have activated a very powerful abnormality! He could create clones with extremely small differences. However, the number of such clones should be limited.

Otherwise, it would not make sense. This way, we can explain why there is an extremely minute difference between the current Raymont on Planet Kono and the previous Raymont,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he heard that. However, he sighed softly. “I wanted to use this battle to intimidate those guys who were reaching out to me. I didn’t expect Raymont to still be alive after he was killed!”

“No, it’s already working!” Cai Shaochu shook his head. “The current Raymont, no matter what supernatural being he is, you should have frightened him this time! In the future, he would not dare to have any designs on you. Of course, you have to be more careful. This grandson will only be more dangerous in the future!”

Cai Shaochu’s reminder was right. After this battle, Raymont would probably be even more careful and sinister. If he wanted to target Xu Tui, he would probably plan more behind the scenes.

“I suddenly want to rush over and kill this guy! This guy has come back from the dead. It makes me feel like I’m being targeted by a poisonous snake,” Xu Tui said.

“Don’t tn1nK aDout It now. YOU can only slowly nna an opportumty unless you want to become the public enemy of the Blue Star,” Cai Shaochu said. After a pause, Cai Shaochu said, “Also, I have an idea about Raymont.”

“Principal, tell me.” @@novelbin@@

“If I have the chance, I’ll scheme against Raymont. I’m very interested in his abnormality which can make his clone look like his true body.”

“Itavi also has a clone, Principal.”

“Itavi’s at most a clone condensed from a mental body. It’s not very mysterious. It can even be said that as long as I invest a large amount of time, I can condense a mental body clone. However, Raymont is different. You should have thought of it, right?” Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui and said.

After being stunned for a moment, Xu Tui suddenly reacted. “Principal, are you talking about the abnormal load of our Genetic Miracle’s mind power?”

Cai Shaochu nodded. “Don’t you think that Raymont’s ability would be too powerful if it was combined with the abnormal load of your Genetic Miracle’s mind power? In addition, if Raymont had such a true clone ability, do you think he would only keep one as a spare tire? Would he do something else?” Cai Shaochu narrowed his eyes.

“Do something else?” Xu Tui frowned. A few seconds later, He instantly looked up in shock. “Principal, are you saying that it’s very likely that Raymont used the ability of this true clone to have another identity?”

Cai Shaochu nodded solemnly. “We don’t know what the instantiation limit of Raymont’s true clone is, but the probability is extremely high.

“If the difference in strength between his main body and his real clone was very small, then this would be very terrifying! Raymont’s main body was a Planetary realm powerhouse with five Satellites.

“Would his true clone be a Planetary realm powerhouse with three or four Satellites or a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse?

“It would be fine if it was a quasi-planetary powerhouse, as the impact would be limited. If the real clone could have the strength of a Planetary realm powerhouse with three or four Satellites, it would be very terrifying!” Cai Shaochu said.

“Doesn’t that mean that there might be a true clone of Raymont among the current top powerhouses on the Blue Star?” Xu Tui was stunned.

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu nodded. “It’s good that you understand this. This is also something you have to be extremely careful about in the future. Do you think that a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Blue Star is one of us, but he happens to be Raymont’s true clone?” Cai Shaochu said..