Chapter 1283 - 1283: Real Clone And Preparing To Break Through (2)

Chapter 1283: Real Clone and Preparing to Break Through (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui completely understood. As expected of the older, Cai Shaochu thought of so many things in such a short period of time.

Xu Tui might have been able to think of it, but it would definitely take some time.

“I’ll keep an eye on him with you. If I find an opportunity, I’ll scheme against Raymont. This guy is not simple! I’ve tried my best to think highly of him in the past. I didn’t expect him to be more powerful than I thought,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Alright!”

“Let’s go. Since I’m here, bring me to see the Blue Star Humans who have been Spiritualized, ” Cai Shaochu said.

Center of the various bases on Planet Liuxia. Originally, to Xu Tui, most of the original bases of the Spiritual Race on Planet Liuxia were Spiritual Embodiment bases. They were useless.

However, with these humans who had been colonized, Xu Tui could only continue to maintain the operation of these bases. Once the bases stopped operating, these humans who had been colonized would all die.

However, the longer it took, the more despair Xu Tui felt. These Blue Star humans who had been colonized could no longer be called living. They were purely being fed. Once the time was up every day, he would inject the mixed nutrient fluid into their esophagus through a tube. There should be some kind of sleeping ingredient in the mixed nutrient fluid. After eating, they would immediately faint.

Other than maintaining their normal body state on a regular basis, they slept most of the day. During the process of sleeping, a wisp of their spirit would slowly be extracted by the device and gathered at the Spiritual Embodiment Center. On the other hand, the spirits of the Blue Star humans seemed to be able to slowly recover a portion of their strength after a long sleep. This was also the principle behind the existence of the Spiritual Embodiment

Center.

However, Xu Tui had not found a way to save them.

Cai Shaochu spent a day looking at more than 30 bases. He even personally tried a few times in the middle, but his expression became uglier and uglier. In the end, all of his depression turned into a long sigh. @@novelbin@@

“Principal, you..

Cai Shaochu turned around and looked at the Spiritual Embodiment Center behind him. Then, he slowly shook his head. “They are hopeless!”

“Is there really no hope?” Cai Shaochu nodded.

Xu Tui was silent.

“Their spirits, which are also their mental bodies, are extremely weak after being extracted for a long time. Now, it’s instinct that is maintaining them! Not to mention that we don’t have a way, even if we do, there’s a high chance that they will become fools, idiots, or lunatics,” Cai Shaochu said.

“They’ll become a fool even if we save them?”

“They should have a natural death rate during this period of time, right?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“That’s right. Every day, one or two people will die naturally in every base. Their bodies are in good condition. They are not sick, but they died silently,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s right. Under constant extraction, their mental body collapsed.”

Suddenly, Cai Shaochu turned around and looked at the Spiritual Embodiment Center. He took a deep breath and said, “Xu Tui, what do you plan to do with them?”

“What do I plan to do?” Xu Tui shook his head in a daze. He had thought about this, but he had no results.

“Listen to me and give them a quick death! Living like this is more painful than a lab rat. It can be said that they wish they were dead! Let them be free! They should be grateful to you if they can recover their consciousness for a moment before they die,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Give them… a quick death?” Xu Tui’s voice became extremely bitter at this moment. Actually, he had this thought in his heart, but he did not dare to. He had always been a little afraid.

So many people…

There were more than 100,000 humans from the Blue Star on the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Embodiment Planet.

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable fear if he were to send so many people on their way.

“Believe me, you’re actually doing a good deed! If one day, I become like this, will you continue to let me stay like a captive, or will you give me a quick death and dignity?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“I naturally want to give you a quick death and the last bit of dignity!”

“That’s right! Give it to them! I think that regardless of whether they can recover their consciousness at the last moment, they will still thank you,” Cai Shaochu said.

“I know what to do, Principal!”

“By the way, give me a few sets of equipment from the Spiritual Embodiment Center after you’re done. Moreover, you’d better keep a few sets. Don’t destroy them all,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Why?” Xu Tui did not understand. Such harmful things should be destroyed.

“An eye for an eye! The Spiritual Race invented such a thing and raised our Blue Star Race like livestock. Then we have to let them have a taste of this!

“By the way, we obtained many captives when we attacked Planet Kono. I’ll send a few over after we’re done studying them! Let’s see if this thing is useful to the Spiritual Race!” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui agreed readily to this. He also wanted to try this kind of Spiritual Embodiment equipment on the Spiritual Race.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had an idea. If he threw the captives of the Spiritual Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race into the Spiritual Embodiment Center, would this set of Spiritual Embodiment Equipment be able to extract their spirits and gather them into the Silver Box of Spirit in the Spiritual Embodiment Center?

Xu Tui had already decided. He had to try this.

“Alright, I’m leaving! This place is very good. Continue to develop well. The first batch of resources will be sent over to you as agreed. In addition, Wei Bin and I took the lead and carefully screened a batch of candidates. After talking to them one by one, we had already confirmed two batches of candidates.

“There are 20 people in the first batch. They had all been vetted and volunteered. Some of them were originally members of the Worldly Special

Force. They have already returned to the Blue Star to deal with family matters. They will arrive at your place secretly in about five to ten days. Treat them well.

“The second batch of candidates are still being secretly screened. The second batch is estimated to have 30 to 50 candidates. Currently, they were mainly screened from the various Genetic Evolution Colleges on the Blue Star.

“It will be in place in about a month. There should be a third batch of candidates this year. When the third batch comes, your manpower should be much easier,” Cai Shaochu said.

This speed was fast enough, especially for the first batch of candidates. However, what Xu Tui did not know was that the reason why the first batch of candidates was confirmed so quickly was that Cui Xi, Luo Murong, and the others had quickly confirmed it after they took the initiative to contact Cai Shaochu.

Otherwise, even if the Huaxia Sector was strong, they would not be able to do it so quickly.

“Thank you, Principal.”

Cai Shaochu nodded. However, he looked at Xu Tui with a faint smile after he nodded. Xu Tui was stunned.

“Did you forget something?” Cai Shaochu reminded Xu Tui.

“Quantum array core.”

It was only when An Xiaoxue reminded Xu Tui that he remembered this. He quickly took out four sets of quantum array cores and handed them to Cai Shaochu.

“Yes, four sets. To be honest, the Blue Star and the Huaxia Sector are very short of this now! Without this, we can’t form an effective rule and rapid transportation. I’ll bring this back first,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui quickly took out two more sets when he heard that. He was about to hand them over to Cai Shaochu when Cai Shaochu waved his hand and rejected him.

“Have you forgotten what I taught you? You are now the commander of the

Worldly Pioneer Raiders. You have a cooperative relationship with the Huaxia Sector! This is a deal! Both sides had to pay! This is a normal state. Otherwise, you would be in big trouble.

“I understand your heart, but remember this!” Cai Shaochu patted Xu Tui’s shoulder. Before he stepped into the quantum teleportation channel, he said, “Let’s have four sets this year. We will send four waves of candidates and eight batches of resources over.

“Next year. You can give us one or two more sets next year. We’ll also send one or two more batches of candidates over! It’s not a good thing to expand too quickly. It will take time to digest.”

With that, Cai Shaochu instantly passed through the quantum portal and left.

After a long time, Xu Tui let out a long sigh.

As the Huaxia Sector sent people over one after another, especially the old members of the Worldly Special Force, the pressure on him would be greatly reduced and he would be much more relaxed.

Now, there were two things that Xu Tui had to do.

The first was to send these Blue Star humans who wished they were dead on their way. The second was to break through to the quasi-planetary realm and continue to try to activate the abnormality.

Strength!

Powerful strength was the most important!