Chapter 1287 - 1287: Advantage Of Primordial Spirit And Array Discovery (2)

Chapter 1287: Advantage of Primordial Spirit and Array Discovery (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

That would definitely be very rare and exciting. Therefore, Xu Tui had been mainly cultivating Spiritual Concealment recently. He was about to circulate the Spiritual Concealment genetic ability chain to a perfect state.

After reaching a perfect state, Xu Tui wanted to try and see if he could activate the abnormality.

There was another most important point regarding the cute and stupid primordial spirit.

It affected Xu Tui’s cultivation speed.

Xu Tui’s cultivation speed was almost double when his primordial spirit was entrenched above his head.

His physical body was constantly absorbing energy to cultivate, and his primordial spirit was also absorbing energy to cultivate. His cultivation speed was double that before he broke through.

Xu Tui felt that this should be another important role for the cute and stupid primordial spirit. He had to record it and pass it down.

At first glance, it was useless. However, in reality, a double cultivation speed was too terrifying for Planetary realm powerhouses.

Five years of my cultivation is equivalent to ten years of your cultivation.

This was in comparison to a normal Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui’s cultivation speed was several times faster than ordinary people. Now that he had a primordial spirit, his cultivation speed would give his enemies nightmares. It had to be said that if one did not study the ancient books of the Huaxia Daoism, they would not know how profound they were. Every word made sense.

The more he studied it, the more he felt a headache. It was mainly because Xu Tui was completely an anomaly according to the cultivation progress of the Daoist system.

He could not reconcile his research with his own experience as he had the primordial spirit without going through the stage of Yin Spirit.

On the other hand, some of the techniques of Daoism, such as the Five Lightning Technique, the Shangqing Lightning Technique, and so on, were very similar to the abilities of Xu Tui’s School of General Senses.

However, it was useless no matter how he chanted the so-called incantation.

He could not enter the introductory stage. In the end, after studying it for a while, Xu Tui realized that the Huaxia Daoism’s array formation had piqued his interest. He borrowed the power of the world to become a supernatural being.

Xu Tui was very interested in the One-yuan Taiji, Two Forms, Three Talents, Four Symbols, Five Elements, Six Harmonies, Seven Stars, Eight Trigrams, Nine Halls, and so on. He could actually see something.

After obtaining something, Xu Tui was shocked to discover that his research resonated with his previous experience of refining a quantum array core.

It could even be said that the quantum array core of the Spiritual Race was actually like an array.

However, after the quantum array core of the Spiritual Race integrated the array, it would be microscopic through quantum fluctuations.

If the modules in the quantum array core were decomposed and enlarged, it would be a six-harmonie array that was integrated into one.

This triggered Xu Tui’s imagination. What if he used this as a foundation to create another array core with the effect of an array? Or perhaps, since the array could form a natural force field interaction, could he use the array to configure his power to fight the enemy?

However, he could not use traditional Huaxia Daoism directly.

Xu Tui had to study it thoroughly himself and display it in a scientific manner. It was just like the quantum array core of the Spiritual Race. It was actually another way for an array to combine the power of quantum fluctuations.

Xu Tui was a very powerful person when he was serious. Especially with the cooperation of meditation since he was young, his concentration was terrifying.

Xu Tui had an idea in just four days.

“Yanzi, help me modify these two energy gathering arrays. Refine them here.” Xu Tui, who had obtained the results, excitedly came to look for Yanzi.

Xu Tui stole the technique and could already instantiate the purple flames that could be used to refine the quantum jade core, and the refinement of the energy gathering array could not go without these purple flames.

However, there were specializations in various fields. The stability of the purple flames that Xu Tui had instantiated was much weaker. Moreover, Xu Tui did not major in the purple flames. Recently, his cultivation attention has been focused on other aspects. The purple flames had not increased.

On the contrary, Yanzi studied and specialized in purple flames. When she broke through to the quasi-planetary realm, she used this flame as her main genetic power chain to condense a star. After her breakthrough, her cultivation attainments in purple flames had improved by leaps and bounds. She had far surpassed Xu Tui.

Therefore, although Xu Tui was not restricted by others in this matter, he still had to rely on Yanzi in terms of professions and speed.

“The design method of this array? It seems…” Yanzi looked at the blueprint that Xu Tui had given her and was a little surprised. “It seems to be able to form one?”

“That’s right. I have an idea. I want to see if it works!”

“Are you studying… arrays?” Yanzi suddenly reacted.

“You know about arrays or formations?” This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to be stunned. @@novelbin@@

“My grandfather has been studying variable arrays. However, his level was not high enough before I came. He did not teach me much, but I understand the basics.

“According to the research results of my grandfather and the others, you have to construct an additional energy gathering buffer plate here. Only then can the energy circulation between the arrays be buffered and greatly reduce its loss rate.”

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard Yanzi modify it as she read.

A treasure!

Yanzi’s ability was simply a treasure. Why had he not discovered it in the past?

Of course, it was because Xu Tui had never studied related formations in the past. It was only now that Xu Tui realized the value of Yanzi after he studied it himself.

That’s right. Xu Tui had researched and created. Yanzi filled in the blanks. That was very good. Two hours later, the three energy-gathering array cores that Yanzi had slightly modified were successfully created.

Xu Tui’s current attainments in arrays were limited. The first array he tried only used a relatively simple Three-Talents Array..