Chapter 1288 - 1288: Advantage Of Primordial Spirit And Array Discovery (3)

Chapter 1288: Advantage of Primordial Spirit and Array Discovery (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

A few minutes later, Xu Tui pulled Yanzi and excitedly ran into the Energy Gathering Cultivation Room of Peach Base.

The Energy Gathering Cultivation Room was divided into 20 cubicles to prevent them from disturbing each other during cultivation. At this moment, most of them were filled with people.

“Alright, go to other places to cultivate, there is a temporary modification.”

Xu Tui began to set up the array formation excitedly after he chased them away. He explored the three newly-made energy gathering array cores for a while before burying them in a suitable location.

Then, there was the waiting.

However, Xu Tui’s expression did not look good as he waited. As time slowly passed, the energy concentration in the cultivation room where the three energy gathering arrays were set up did not change at all.

“That’s impossible.” Xu Tui was stunned.

“That’s right. That’s impossible. In my senses, the three energy gathering arrays are all taking effect, but the concentration of energy has not changed at all.” Yanzi frowned.

“No, it’s wrong!” Xu Tui suddenly reacted. “I know what’s going on!”

“What is it?” Yanzi was a little confused.

“A hook, or rather, the activation of the array! The quantum array core from before needs Origin Energy to be activated. The energy-gathering array core that we had developed previously had an effect when buried. It was alone.

“However, the Three-Talents Gathering Formation only had an effect when three pieces were connected. Wait, let me guide it.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind power landed in the first energy-gathering array core. He directed the focused energy into the second, then the third, and returned to the first. The moment the cycle formed, the three energy-gathering array cores actually emitted a faint light. A stable cycle was formed.

Almost at the same time, a powerful energy focus force field was formed. @@novelbin@@

Previously, the single energy gathering array could only gather energy within a radius of 10 meters. However, now, this Three-Talents energy gathering array has a range of 100 meters.

It could gather the energy within a 100-meter radius of the energy gathering array.

More importantly, the concentration of energy in the world was actually like water or air. There was a basic balance.

The energy within a 100 -meter radius of the energy gathering array was sucked dry. Then, it would be immediately replenished with the energy in the distance due to the pressure difference.

Under such circumstances, the concentration of energy in the energy gathering array increased greatly. From the initial 5-9, it soared to 7.0, 9.0. An hour later, it finally stabilized at a concentration of 10.2, increasing by more than 80%.

Even Xu Tui was shocked by the concentration of energy. Cultivating here was no different from cultivating in the legendary Blessed Land. Cultivating for a year was equivalent to cultivating for five years on Planet Kono!

“This… The increase is really huge. This Three-Talents Gathering Formation is too powerful.” Yanzi was also shocked and pleasantly surprised.

“Yes, it’s indeed not bad. We have to get a few more of these three-talents energy gathering arrays. Moreover, we have to continue researching…”

Just as Xu Tui was sighing, Ah Huang’s voice came from Xu Tui’s communication device. “Xu Tui, there’s news from Planet Liuxia. Zhu Lang from the Huaxia Sector requests to contact you in person to confirm the relevant matters”

“Zhu Lang? Did he say the specific matters?” Xu Tui asked.

“He said that it’s about the handover of supplies and personnel.”

Xu Tui was amused when he heard that. It should be the first batch of emergency supplies and personnel that he needed.

After informing Yanzi, Xu Tui was about to leave. However, Yanzi stopped Xu

Tui. “Xu Tui, this Three-Talents Energy Gathering Formation Cultivation Room is not open for the time being. Give me a day or two to study it! I feel that there are still improvements.”

“Alright, go ahead and study it. However, we have to come up with a second set and a third set immediately after you’re done.” Xu Tui was in a very good mood..