Chapter 1284 - 1284: Breaking Through And Changing

Chapter 1284: Breaking Through and Changing

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Ah Huang, execute.”

The day after Cai Shaochu left, Xu Tui looked at the humans who were like walking corpses in the surveillance footage. This was especially so when it was time. Every time it was time, they would be injected with the nutrient solution like ducks. Xu Tui felt extremely disgusted.

“Are you sure you want to execute it?” After obtaining a spirit, Ah Huang would sometimes continue to follow Xu Tui’s orders. This was also one of the pieces of evidence that Ah Huang had jumped out of the advanced artificial intelligence quantum computer.

Whether it was advanced artificial intelligence or intermediate artificial intelligence, at the moment, they would always be computers. They would be limited by the ultimate security orders that humans had set for them.

“Confirmed execution! The second… painless plan.”

“Is it carried out by the entire base?”

“Ah Huang, why are you talking so much nonsense today? It must be carried out by the entire base! Don’t ask me anymore. Tell me the results after you’re done.” Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief and turned to leave.

However, the moment he confirmed the order, Ah Huang had already begun to carry it out. The so-called second painless plan was to instantly die through the equipment of the Spiritual Embodiment Center without any pain.

The original first plan was to forcefully remove the controller. However, if he forcefully removed the controller, their heads would explode. It was too bloody.

When Xu Tui left the Spiritual Embodiment Center, he had already seen patches of undead meat fall to the ground by the humans from the corner of his eyes.

“I’ve tried my best…” Xu Tui had said this to himself. @@novelbin@@

Half an hour later, Xu Tui appeared on Planet Peach.

“Order, in the next 24 hours, all planets will enter a Level 2 combat readiness state. If there are any abnormalities, report it to the command center immediately. Planetary realms of the various planets who are on duty, be on standby.”

Actually, there was no need for such a big scene.

A normal quasi-planetary breakthrough was actually quite fast. He would step in in about half an hour and then use two to three days to stabilize his realm.

According to the analysis of Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, An Xiaoxue, Yanzi, and the others, there should be no problems with Xu Tui’s breakthrough. There was almost no possibility of failure.

Currently, all the data on the Blue Star showed that the higher the composition of the internal circulation chain used as the main genetic chain, the less likely the breakthrough would fail.

There was no data to refer to when the internal circulation chain reached a perfect state. However, there were also many geniuses who broke through after the internal circulation chain reached more than 60%.

None of the current data had failed.

Now, Xu Tui has been considering which genetic chain to use to break through. Although he had an idea previously, he was still very hesitant when he really broke through.

For example, if he used his mental whip to break through the main genetic chain, Xu Tui would definitely obtain a derivative ability.

The ability brought about by the genetic ability chain of the mental whip had always been Xu Tui’s main battle ability

What kind of ability would it be if it derived another branch ability? However, he was certain that this ability was definitely a mental attack.

Mental attacks were still very rare.

If Xu Tui chose to use the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to break through, his mind power would definitely increase to a certain extent. However, he would miss out on a rare mental attack-type ability.

You could not have the best of both worlds.

Xu Tui hesitated for a while before making a decision.

“Xiaoxue, Miss Bu, keep an eye. I’m going to break through!”

“Don’t worry.” An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu nodded at the same time.

Other than Yanzi and Lei Qian, no other foreign races on the entire Planet

Peach belonged to the Blue Star. This included the elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race who had been sent over to be nurtured some time ago. They were also temporarily sent to Planet Liuxia.

The four Planetary realm powerhouses were all sent to other planets to defend.

Xu Tui trusted the foreign races in the pioneer raiders. However, he had to remain vigilant at such a critical moment that involved his safety.

An Xiaoxue had already told him about the situation after he fainted a few days ago. This was a wake-up call for Xu Tui.

rlhv?vo minutes later, Xu Tui slowly floated to the flat martial arts arena of the Peach Base. He stood in a relaxed and natural state.

At the same time, An Xiaoxue’s voice sounded in the Command channel. “Attention, all visitors. You can only watch with binoculars. You are not allowed to focus and touch it with your mind power. You can only observe with your normal vision. You can only try to observe further after Xu Tui enters a state of breakthrough.”

“Understood.”

The voices in the channel rang out.

Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Wei Cang, Anna, and the other members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders agreed at the same time. The last few Evolution Realm members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had already broken through to the Transmutation Realm half a year ago.

Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and the others, who had broken through to the Transmutation Realm a long time ago, also took this opportunity very seriously.

The current cultivation advantage of Planet Peach could be said to be abnormal. They cultivated in the main base where the energy gathering array was set up. Their cultivation speed was nearly four times that of the other Blue Star elites on Planet Kono.

Currently, most of the elites on the Blue Star were still cultivating on Mars or the Moon. Only a few people could head to Planet Kono to cultivate.

According to his current cultivation progress, especially Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and the others, they would be able to quickly break through to the quasi-planetary realm in the near future.

In the martial arts arena of the main base.

Xu Tui first entered a meditative state and allowed himself to enter a semi-sleep state. He entered this state for 15 minutes. He used 15 minutes to adjust his condition to its peak. Then, he entered introspection.

Under introspection, the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain that had already reached a perfect state looked extremely dazzling.

The 2,500 internal circulation chains intersected, almost illuminating the entire genetic chain.

In the next moment, Xu Tui had a thought. He once again held the Origin Crystal in his hand and absorbed the energy. He began to allow the energy to continuously circulate in the 72-point main genetic ability chain. Then, he slowly gathered the 2,500 main genetic chains in the internal circulation chain.

In scientific terms, both the internal circulation chains and the condensation of stars were to fuse the main genetic chain into one.

After the main genetic chain fused into one. the internal circulation would ?he

flawless and extremely fast. It was different from the previous chains. Origin energy still needed to surge through various chain channels to be used.

Although it was very fast, it would still take a little time.

The condensation of stars now was to fuse all the genetic base points on this genetic ability chain into a star without any barriers. This was also the reason why the more internal circulation chains there were, the easier it was to break through.

Gathering a chain into a star was the most important step in breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm. It was also the most difficult step.

However, it became very easy for Xu Tui. With just a thought, the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain quickly gathered. In less than three minutes, it gathered into a ball of shining stars.

Xu Tui had actually tried this many times in the past, especially when he was gathering and dispersing his mental body.

It was like running of the mill.

At this moment, he easily gathered into stars.

Condensing into a star was the condensation of power. After the power was condensed, this new supernova formed by the main genetic chain would produce a force field from the inside and completely maintain this star shape.

This would be the main planet. This was a quasi-planet.

This change in power would bring about a lot of impact.

For most people, this process was like walking on thin ice. They were trembling in fear, afraid that they would fail if they were not careful and cause the genetic ability chain to be injured.

However, Xu Tui completed the condensation in minutes and began to condense the power in his body. When it began to condense, he began to compress the power in the body of the 72-point Genetic Chain Star.

When it began to compress, his mental body, which had spread out in the form of a thick fog, suddenly began to contract.

Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. He immediately understood.

The 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain was related to mind power, and the mental body was actually a carrier of mind power. It was closely related to this genetic ability chain. It was normal for there to be corresponding changes.

In the beginning, the supernova condensed from the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain was about the size of two fists. Under the continuous compression of Xu Tui’s willpower and mind power, its interior began to compress and fuse, becoming smaller.

His mental body also became the size of a fist.

This compression process was a little strenuous. When it was compressed to the size of half a fist, the compression progress was almost done bit by bit. It was very slow.

Miraculously, when Xu Tui’s 72-point Great Genetic Chain Supernova was compressed and fused to the size of half a fist, his mental body was also compressed to the size of half a fist. He continued to compress and fuse.

Ten minutes.

Twenty minutes.

An hour!

The observers were all silently observing.

Xu Tui himself was in the process of breaking through so he did not know, but the observers could sense a terrifying aura on Xu Tui’s body from afar. It was constantly condensing and increasing.

Two hours later, when Xu Tui compressed the 72-point Great Genetic Chain Supernova to the size of a ping-pong ball, an indescribable pit suddenly appeared from within the star.

First, it collapsed inward. It sank to the extreme and instantly rebounded. The 72-point Great Genetic Chain Supernova instantly shone brightly. The dazzling light instantly illuminated Xu Tui’s entire head under his introspection

This represented the production of the internal force field of the Supernova.

Perhaps it was because the mental body resonated with the force field that the Supernova had just produced, but in an instant, the mental body was sucked above the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain. At the same time, under mutual attraction, the body of the mental body that was enveloped by the light of the Supernova also began to collapse.

Xu Tui was stunned.

It was also at this moment that he suddenly felt a little dazed. In a daze, all the activated Genetic Ability Chains and even Genetic Base Points in Xu Tui’s body shone brightly at this moment.

Every light spot had a stream of light gushing out and converging into the mental body. Every ball of light merged together, causing Xu Tui’s mental body to undergo strange changes.

In the outside world, Xu Tui’s aura was also extremely terrifying at this moment. It was even more terrifying than the auras of many Planetary realm powerhouses. The moment the internal pit began to happen, the extremely high concentration of energy gathered in Peach Base was pulled out like a whirlwind and gathered in Xu Tui’s body.

This gathering instantly formed more than a dozen energy pillars. It felt like the Energy Overflow Tunnel on Mars back then.

This time, Xu Tui’s mental body collapsed for 15 minutes.

Fifteen minutes later, the internal pit stopped. There was no eruption after the condensation of the star under normal circumstances. Instead, his mental body gathered into a ball of dazzling light under the internal pit.

Under his introspection, he could vaguely see this ball of dazzling light standing on the 72-point Great Genetic Chain Supernova that had just condensed.

The moment the light formed, the red fire slip that had been in Xu Tui’s mind suddenly flashed and entered the ball of dazzling light that had condensed in his mind.

The moment the red fire slip was thrown in, the light of the mental body quickly converged.

Then, Xu Tui was stunned.

He saw a very cute and stupid… figure of light!