Chapter 1289 - 1289: Security Check And A Sudden Super Storm(1)

Chapter 1289: Security Check and a Sudden Super Storm(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Commander!” Cui Xi let out a roar of surprise. He jumped toward Xu Tui the moment he passed through the quantum teleportation channel.

This fellow was a contestant from the Extreme Branch. Although he majored in genetic ancient martial arts, he was still as muscular as a black bear. He pounced forward and pushed Xu Tui to the ground.

However, the moment he fell to the ground, Xu Tui’s mind power shook slightly. He slid out like a fish. Cui Xi fell to the ground. Slapping the soil, Cui Xi cursed and got up. “Commander, aren’t you too stubborn? I haven’t seen you for so long. I can finally look for you. That’s all you gave me?”

“Tsk, you’re like a bear. Just a shout will do. Don’t do this! If it were Li Zheng and the others pouncing on me, I definitely wouldn’t dodge!”

“You value sex over friendship, Commander. You’re putting too much value in sex over friendship.”

Xu Tui scoffed at this. However, in the next moment, he felt awkward. That was because the moment Xu Tui finished speaking, Li Zheng came over from the quantum teleportation channel.

Xu Tui’s words did not matter much to him, but it made Li Zheng blush.

“Commander! ”

“Commander! ”

The original members of the Worldly Special Force greeted Xu Tui one by one. They had extremely excited expressions. Almost everyone was carrying an oversized suitcase.

This was especially so for Luo Murong. He had brought three large suitcases.

Luo Murong had strung three suitcases that were as tall as a person through the quantum teleportation channel in various ways. Xu Tui was stunned.

“Murong, how many years of food do you have here? I don’t lack food, do I?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“It’s not food. It’s a Hanfu that I customized! There is also skincare. It’s enough for me to wear and use for three to five years. By the way, Commander, you should have a fridge, right? Don’t tell me you don’t even have a fridge.”

Xu Tui: ‘ .

“Commander, we’re here. We request to return to the team!” The last person to come over was Zhao Hailong. After he arrived, he walked up to Xu Tui and gave him a military salute. Xu Tui immediately became serious.

“Welcome back!” @@novelbin@@

There were a total of 20 members who joined the pioneer raiders.

The main members were the main battle members of the Worldly Special Force in the past. The batch of old battle members that Xu Tui had brought were all here.

The person who came was Dai Lijun. Xu Tui was a little surprised.

Wen Shao smiled until his eyes narrowed when he saw Dai Lijun arrive. This student had won his heart. Moreover, he was loyal and had been thinking about him. However, their relationship was about to change from teacher and student to comrade.

“Alright, Commander Xu, the first batch of bilateral personnel and support supplies has been delivered. If there are no problems with the inventory, I’ll go back,” Zhu Lang said.

“Yes, thank Lieutenant Wei and the principal for me.”

“Okay.”

After Zhu Lang left, Xu Tui gathered the 20 people who had just arrived.

“Most of you are very familiar with me! Moreover, since you can come here, you should know why you are here! For a long time in the future, you will fight alongside me and become my comrades!

“However, to be honest, I don’t fancy most of your strength. Let me put it bluntly. All of you, including the former regiment commander, Zhao Hailong, will be a burden on the battlefield. All of you will be a burden to me!”

The expressions of the members who had just arrived changed when Xu Tui said that.

Although they were very familiar with each other and relied on Xu Tui a lot, it was still very hurtful to be treated as a burden by Xu Tui the moment they arrived.

Xu Tui smiled when he saw the indignant expressions of the members. “Why? You don’t believe me?”

In the next moment, Xu Tui instantly released his aura. His body slowly floated up without any external interference. Almost instantly, Zhao Hailong, Yang

Huai, Dai Lijun, Cui Xi, Mu Xingluan, Li Zheng, and the others were stunned.

Quasi-planetary!

The aura of a quasi-planet!

Not only did Xu Tui emit the aura of a quasi-planet, but his body also floated into the air. There’s no external factors intervening.

This was one of the signs of a quasi-planet.

Seeing this scene, Zhao Hailong and the others were instantly silent. They all had bitter expressions.

Xu Tui was right. They were indeed a burden. With their current strength, most of them would be a burden if they followed Xu Tui onto the battlefield. They might not even have a chance to go to the battlefield with Xu Tui with their current strength.

Under normal circumstances, Transmutation Realm cultivators could only fight inside the planet and could not participate in the battles outside the planet.

The environment might pose a greater threat to them in the war outside the planet than war. However, they did not expect Xu Tui to improve so much more than them after being separated for just a year.

This was especially so for Zhao Hailong. Before they separated more than a year ago, he and Xu Tui had been side by side.

But now?

Xu Tui was very satisfied with the effect as he looked at the silent crowd. These bastards did not know how to work hard unless they were stimulated.

“Do you understand? Then your mission for the next half a year is to cultivate before cultivating! In the next three months, I request all of you to break through to the Transmutation Realm. Of course, this was only a request.

“Personally, I feel that with the cultivation environment I’ve provided for you, it’s a disgrace for all of you here to not be able to break through to the Transmutation Realm in the next two months!”

It had to be said that Cui Xi’s skin was thick enough.. At this moment, he had already asked shamelessly, “Commander, how good is the cultivation environment you provided us?”