Chapter 1299 - 1299: Enemy Retreat And Holy Light

Chapter 1299: Enemy Retreat and Holy Light

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

All hail Huaxia!

All hail Xu Tui!

The soaring sound waves instantly raised the morale of the Blue Star participants to their peak.

Under such circumstances, even the most cowardly person felt a little brave.

Almost instantly, the battle of the Muya Clan on Planet Kono became difficult.

Bu Qingqiu participated in the battle.

However, Bu Qingqiu was only a quasi-planetary expert. Although she was at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm, she did not have the ability to change the situation. At most, she could deal with a quasi-planetary expert or stall a Planetary realm expert.

The change was still with Xu Tui.

Almost the moment Bu Qingqiu came out of the quantum teleportation channel to participate in the battle, a message sounded in Xu Tui’s communication channel.

Xu Tui did not even look at the contents. It was not that he was so magical that he could sense the information of electronic devices, but Ah Huang sent the information it received into his mind with its consciousness- It was extremely

fast.

“Commander, I’m here. Do you want to do it?” This was a message from Yan Lie.

Yan Lie fell into the void the moment he arrived. Currently, Yan Lie was one step away from advancing to the quasi-planetary realm. His concealment assassination ability was already very powerful.

Over the past year, Yan Lie had cultivated his concealment ability the most. According to Xu Tui’s previous introspection, his concealment ability would immediately reach perfection. He would break through after the hidden genetic ability chain reached a perfect internal circulation.

“Then let’s go.”

Xu Tui’s mental perception instantly found Yan Lie. Then, he placed a Spiritual

Magnetic Marker in Yan Lie’s body. This way, even if Yan Lie used Concealment, Xu Tui could easily lock onto Yan Lie’s location at any time so that it would be easier for him to cooperate.

In the next moment, Xu Tui immediately handed a seat to Yan Lie.

The moment Yan Lie flashed past in his mental perception, Xu Tui’s mental hammer, which he had condensed with 10% of his mind power, instantly blasted over.

The target was a quasi-planet!

Only a massacre could turn the situation around in the shortest time possible.

In the next moment, a quasi-planetary of the Muya Clan suddenly trembled violently. The force field around his body dissipated. Before his opponent could react, the head of the Muya suddenly soared into the sky.

Yan Lie’s figure flashed. However, Yan Lie’s figure did not stop. He disappeared into the void again. When he reappeared, he coincidentally killed another quasi-planet of the Muya Clan. In three seconds, he had killed three quasi-planetary experts of the Muya Clan. That speed was like cutting vegetables.

Some of the Muyas were shocked.

“Commander, my cooperation is not bad, right?”

Yan Lie was a little smug, but Xu Tui immediately scolded, “You idiot, don’t you know how to get a few captives? Get a few captives and bring them back for research!”

“Uh… Commander, you should have said so earlier! Next!”

In the next moment, when Yan Lie appeared again, he cut off the limbs of the quasi-planetary Muya that Xu Tui had hammered with his mental hammer. Then, the saber light was like an illusion as it cut off the eyes and nose of the quasi-planetary Muya.

Amidst his miserable cries, Yan Lie threw the quasi-planet to the ground and shouted, “Clean up. This is a captive of our Worldly!”

This one took a total of three seconds. Yan Lie had already flashed to the next one. While Yan Lie was taking the captives, Xu Tui had already used his radar-like mind power to knock on Bu Qingqiu’s opponent.

Bu Qingqiu’s movements were even more agile. Not only was the Water

Attraction Technique that she instantiated tightly tied up, but the Water Explosion Technique also exploded the vital points of the quasi-planetary expert.

It could not gather its strength in a short period of time. He captured another one.

“Lieutenant Wei, return to the base. I’ll pick you up!” Xu Tui was distracted.

While he cooperated with Yan Lie and Bu Qingqiu, he was also distracted by Wei Bin’s situation so that Zhu Lang and the others could successfully bring Wei Bin back to the command center.

Wei Bin’s flag mission had been completed. It was most suitable for him to return to the command center.

In just 20 seconds, Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, and Yan Lie had killed a total of three quasi-planets and captured seven. It directly reduced the strength of the Muya Clan by a fifth. Similarly, a fifth of the quasi-planetary power of the Blue Star was immediately freed. This increase and decrease immediately gave the Muya Clan immense pressure.

No matter how ferocious a Planetary realm powerhouse was, three to four quasi-planetary experts could definitely entangle one.

The human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, who was fighting Raymont, was shocked and furious. The moment Xu Tui appeared, he changed the situation. If Xu Tui were to massacre the quasi-planetary powerhouses like this, the advantage that the Muya Planetary realm powerhouses had would immediately disappear.

He had to stop Xu Tui.

In the next moment, the huge wings of the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, suddenly expanded by more than five times. A pair of huge wings instantly covered the sky. The wing swept past. Even though Raymont was fast and strong, he was still blasted into a green light and blasted into the distance.

The moment he forced Raymont back, the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, instantly pounced toward Xu Tui like a bolt of lightning.

The moment it pounced toward Xu Tui, the lightning turned red.

However, the red lightning was actually just an optical illusion. This was because when the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, pounced out, its huge mouth had already spat out a thousand-meter-long red flame. As the speed was too fast, Crimson Flame instantly turned into red lightning.

Darak’s attack was extremely sudden and without any warning. He was just fighting Raymont one moment, and the next, he had suddenly attacked Xu Tui.

It was too sudden!

Everyone who had the time to watch the battle looked in Xu Tui’s direction. However, in their vision, Xu Tui was engulfed by the red lightning. The moment the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, slowed down slightly, the Red Flame Sea of Fire had already swallowed Xu Tui.

Therefore, the spectators were stunned!

Had Xu Tui been swallowed by the flames? @@novelbin@@

Has Xu Tui been killed?

Wei Bin, who had just returned to the underground combat command center with Zhu Lang’s help, ignored his injuries and pounced in front of the command center. “Search immediately. I want to know about Xu Tui’s situation.”

Li Zhen was also stunned. He looked at the screen in a daze. He hoped that he could find Xu Tui’s struggling or escaping figure in the sea of fire on the screen. It was fine even if he was seriously injured!

However, after staring at it for a moment, he could not find it!

There was no sign of Xu Tui in the sea of fire. There were no signs of him struggling. Xu Tui seemed to have been incinerated into ashes by the sneak attack of Darak.

Li Zhen, Zhu Lang, and the others’ hearts sank. If Xu Tui died in battle, the losses of this battle would be…

Although he had not said it explicitly, everyone knew that Cai Shaochu regarded Xu Tui as the leader of the next generation. In reality, Xu Tui already had the potential to be a leader.

But why?

“Where’s Xu Tui? Where’s Xu Tui?” Wei Bin, who had blood gushing out of his mouth and chest, also became anxious. He also searched the sea of fire.

However, he could not find Xu Tui. Suddenly, a staff officer’s weak voice sounded. “Lieutenant Wei, that figure over there seems to be Xu Tui. He’s not in the Red Flame Sea of Fire…

Everyone instantly shifted their gazes over.

Ten kilometers to the left of the Red Flame Sea, Xu Tui was staring at Darak and sneering. However, he did not stop moving. The mental hammer continued to strike out. Coupled with Yan Lie and Bu Qingqiu, in just an instant, two more quasi-planetary experts were captured.

Darak was stunned! He had thought that he had killed Xu Tui just now. However, he did not expect Xu Tui to escape under his nose. Most importantly, he did not know how Xu Tui had escaped.

Far away, Raymont, who had been sent flying, stared at Darak as he turned around at high speed. However, he inadvertently glanced at Xu Tui.

A spatial ability!

Now, he, who had died once, could confirm that Xu Tui definitely had a spatial-type ability. It was very powerful!

Darak was only stunned for a moment before he pounced toward Xu Tui again. He had to kill Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was able to instantly kill a quasi-planetary expert in the form of a

support. He was simply a cheat on the battlefield. He had to be killed. If he could not kill Xu Tui, then Darak felt that today’s attack would end early.

This time, Xu Tui’s eyes were filled with a cold smile as he looked at Darak, who had turned into a red light and was rushing over. The attack just now was too sudden. He could only use the teleportation of his left black eye to instantly leave and avoid Darak’s fatal attack.

However, it was different now!

In the oversized shoes, his feet instantly expanded. The Mountain Seal instantly flew out and blasted towards Darak. The small Mountain Seal gave Darak a threatening feeling. Darak, who was charging forward, wanted to avoid it.

However, the moment he dodged, the Mountain Seal expanded and instantly blocked Darak’s path, causing his figure to freeze.

Almost at the same time, the Small God Slaying Sword above Xu Tui’s head instantly appeared and disappeared. The moment it disappeared, it strangely slashed into Darak’s head.

This was a Small God Slaying Sword that Xu Tui had condensed 30% of his mind power. Even though the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, was a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, he still felt dizzy.

At the same time, Raymont arrived as promised. The huge green blade rained down on the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak.

Previously, Xu Tui had simply contacted Raymont when Darak charged over.

Hatred was hatred, and killing the enemy was killing the enemy!

Darak’s powerful side was displayed. The golden wings retracted and protected his entire body like a shield. Raymont’s huge green blade kept slashing forward. He slashed more than ten times in an instant, but only managed to cut in three to four huge green blades. Darak let out a scream of pain.

However, at the same time, Darak had completely recovered his senses. He looked at Raymont, who was attacking him, and Xu Tui, who could threaten him.

Darak made a decision at that moment. Since he could not find an opportunity to kill Xu Tui, he would not be able to stop Xu Tui from expanding his advantage. If this continued, their disadvantages would increase, and their losses would increase.

They might as well retreat!

Darak was extremely decisive. Only three seconds later, he roared, “Prepare to retreat. Countdown of three seconds!”

“Three!” “Two!”

“One!”

“The Holy Light of the Lord is everywhere!” All the Muyas crushed a holy token amidst their sharp cries. The light of the holy token surged out and enveloped them. Then, it gathered at lightning speed and disappeared!

In the next moment, the enemies on Planet Kono disappeared!