Chapter 1294 - 1294: Request For Help And Flag

Chapter 1294: Request for Help and Flag

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At the Huaxia Sector’s overall command center.

Commander-in -chief Wei Bin’s expression darkened. At the same time, he had already put on his combat uniform. There were only two quasi-planetary experts in the command center. Wei Bin was the commander-in-chief.

Even Wei Bin had put on his combat uniform, which meant that Wei Bin had the intention to fight.

“Lieutenant Wei, the Fallen Star Team requests to participate in the battle.”

Zhu Lang was anxious, but Li Zhen said softly, “Commander, all of our

Command Officers request to participate in the battle.”

The battle was too tragic.

I Jn until now. two Planetary realm pynprts from the Rule Star had died in battle

because of the three-headed dog, Bai Qisi. Three of them had lost their combat strength due to serious injuries. The comparison of the strength of the Planetary realm powerhouses on both sides had changed from 11 to 12 in the beginning to six against 11.

One of the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Muya people was also killed.

However, the advantage of the Muya people was constantly expanding.

Although the five additional Planetary realm powerhouses had suffered some damage, they were constantly causing casualties.

Moreover, this group of Muya people was extremely cunning and cruel. Planetary realm powerhouses restrained a portion of the quasi-planetary experts on the Blue Star, while their quasi-planetary experts killed their way into the bases of the other sectors of the Blue Star and started a massacre.

They were slaughtering an ordinary person below the Genetic Transmutation Realm! It was extremely bloody and cruel. While a large number of low-level cultivators were slaughtered, it also created panic, anger, and fear.

This was a group of executioners with no bottom line!

Under such circumstances, on the third-line battlefield, be it the Planetary realm, the quasi-planetary realm, or the Transmutation Realm, they all had the advantage. Furthermore, the advantage was constantly expanding.

Under such circumstances, one could imagine how Wei Bin felt. At this stage, those who could pass the multiple reviews and immigrate were all elites of the Huaxia Sector. Wei Bin treated every one of them as a treasure.

However, at this moment, these treasures were cut off like grass. Wei Bin’s heart was bleeding. Even though he was the commander-in-chief and had a heart of stone, Wei Bin had the urge to go on stage personally.

“Lieutenant Wei, get the Fallen Star team to move out!” Zhu Lang spoke again.

Wei Bin slowly shook his head. “You know the abilities of the Fallen Star team! Without the cooperation of a Planetary realm powerhouse to restrain the enemy, letting them attack will only make them sacrifice themselves in vain!

“Moreover, there were too many enemies. Without any cooperation, the quasi-planetary and transmutation realms on the way would be able to destroy them. It is impossible for them to even kill their way to a Planetary realm powerhouse.

“In this situation, the Fallen Star Team is useless. Let them hold back! At this moment, we can only invest… all our combat strength!”

After pondering for a moment, Wei Bin suddenly gave the order, “Li Zhen, you will take over the command on the spot! All members above the Transmutation Realm in the command center are to wear combat uniforms and prepare to participate in the battle! This is the most effective method at the moment.”

Li Zhen’s expression changed drastically when he heard this. However, Wei Bin laughed. “Have you forgotten how heroic I was in the past? In the past, I even dared to challenge a Planetary realm powerhouse with my spear! After being silent for so many years, I haven’t broken through. I’ll fight again today! ” @@novelbin@@

“Bring me the spear!” With a shout, Wei Bin’s guard silently delivered a package. With a crack, a two-meter-long blood tassel silver spear was instantly assembled.

“Lieutenant Wei, you should stay behind. I…”

“You’re not enough!” Wei Bin shook his head. “At this moment, actually, all the Blue Star participants need to boost their morale! They were frightened by the bloody methods of Muya and the others! Some people were even scared out of their wits!

“As the commander-in-chief behind the scenes, I should be able to turn the tide of the battle. Perhaps I have a chance to turn the situation around! Otherwise, why would I participate in the battle personally?”

“But…’

“There are no buts!” Wei Bin interrupted Zhu Lang. “Every second, elites from Huaxia are dying. They seem to have discovered the entrance to the underground shelter! So…”

“Lieutenant Wei, we can ask for help!” This time, Zhu Lang interrupted Wei Bin domineeringly.

“Xu Tui!”

“Xu Tui from Planet Liuxia!” Zhu Lang’s words made Li Zhen’s eyes light up. However, Wei Bin’s expression did not change at all.

The reason why Wei Bin’s expression did not change was that as the commander-in-chief, he had already considered this.

Zhu Lang, who had some understanding of Wei Bin, naturally understood this. He knew that Wei Bin had thought of it, but he did not ask for help because he had his considerations. However…

“Lieutenant Wei, give it a try. Xu Tui’s strength on Planet Liuxia is still very strong,” Zhu Lang said with a trembling voice.

“I thought of Xu Tui the moment the battle started. However, I want to… preserve the tinder.”

Wei Bin’s words made Zhu Lang and Li Zhen’s faces turn pale at the same time. “Lieutenant Wei, is the situation that… pessimistic? Has it reached the point of leaving a seed?”

“What if? Even if this side is broken through and the Blue Star is invaded, Xu Tui’s side will be the fire seed of the Huaxia Sector,” Wei Bin said.

“No!” Li Zhen suddenly shook his head. “Lieutenant Wei, Xu Tui can’t be a fire seed yet. He doesn’t have a seed bank or a genetic bank, much less a population base that can reproduce. Let’s risk it and ask for help!”

Li Zhen’s words hit Wei Bin’s sore spot. He became anxious. “I forgot about this. Our seed vault, genetic vault, and other immigrants on Planet Kono. How much can we send over in an emergency?”

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen shook their heads at the same time. “The transportation and storage requirements of the seed bank and genetic bank are extremely high. Even if we send them over, they won’t be able to accept it.”

Wei Bin fell silent. Three seconds later, Wei Bin made a decision. “Emergency contact Planet Liuxia and ask for help! I hope that Xu Tui can send a Planetary realm expert. There will be a possibility of changing the situation if four to five quasi-planetary experts come. However, tell him that the possibility of his men being sacrificed is very high!”

As a commander, Wei Bin was extremely decisive. If there was a decision, it would be implemented immediately.

“Li Zhen, you’re in charge of asking for help. The rest of you, join the battle with me in 30 seconds!” With that, Wei Bin had already stepped out of the command center with his spear.

Looking at the blood and fire that filled the entire Planet Kono, Wei Bin suddenly felt heroic.

“Warriors of the Blue Star and boys of the Huaxia Sector, I’m with you today. I won’t retreat until the enemy dies!” Wei Bin roared angrily and leaped into the air. The blood tassel silver spear crossed the void like a meteor and instantly pierced into the head of a quasi-planetary Muya.

The blood tassel spun, and the Muya’s head instantly exploded.

Headshot!

Whoosh!

Wei Bin’s appearance immediately attracted cheers. Just as Wei Bin had said, at this moment, the warriors of the Blue Star needed to boost their morale.

They needed a flag!

At this moment, only he, Wei Bin, could be this flag.

Wei Bin knew very well that the attack just now was indeed beautiful. It had indeed boosted morale. However, that attack just now had been carefully calculated and combined with various advantages.

But what happened next?

As Wei Bin participated in the battle, not only the Huaxia Sector, but the morale of the entire Blue Star also increased crazily.

Many people shouted Lieutenant Wei’s name without fear of death. Not to mention the Transmutation Realm, even the Genetic Evolution Realm experts on the ground would dare to rush forward and die with the other party.

Tn an instant _ the RIIIP Star comtprattacked with a high momentum

On the Muya’s side, a Planetary realm cultivator was even severely injured. The expression of the commander of the Muya people, the Golden Pterodactyl, instantly became angry. “Trash! Bai Qisi, are you a piece of trash? Can’t you kill such a huge flag? Now, immediately, I order you to take off the head of that flag-like general. Then, chew it up and eat it in front of everyone!” Darak roared!

The figure of the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, appeared in the air. There were still traces of organs at the corners of the mouths of the three giants. It nodded slightly at Darak, drooling with blood. “Darak, since you said so, I’ll do as you wish!”

In the next moment, the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, disappeared.

“Be careful, Lieutenant Wei!” Countless Blue Star warriors exclaimed at the same time.

At the same time, Xu Tui, who was cultivating on Planet Peach, was woken up by the ear-piercing alarm again.

“Xu Tui, the military intelligence of the Huaxia Sector has been sent to your personal device. Take a look!” Ah Huang’s voice was a little sharp..