Chapter 1292 - 1292: It Was Worth It, Enemy Attack From An Unknown Source

Chapter 1292: It Was Worth It, Enemy Attack From an Unknown Source

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

March 22, 2140, Planet Kono.

Zhang Sian was a communication module maintenance techie. In terms of standards, he was the best on the Blue Star.

What was even rarer was that Zhang Sian was also a genetic newcomer.

Although he was not a cultivation genius, he had reached the Genetic Evolution Realm as he cultivated and studied over the years.

According to his teacher, there was hope for Zhang Sian to reach the Genetic Transmutation Realm after a few years of effort. Unfortunately, Zhang Sian did not spend all his time on cultivation. Other than his daily cultivation, he spent all his energy on communication research.

As a result, he became the top communication module maintenance techie in the industry. More importantly, Zhang Sian was at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Cultivators at the Genetic Evolution Realm could carry out precise operations in space for a long time after putting on the interstellar combat uniform.

Zhang Sian’s interstellar combat uniform was specially customized. It was a custom-made combat uniform with all-round precision maintenance tools.

At this moment, Zhang Sian approached the 19th -generation remote sensing space station of the Huaxia Sector under the transportation of the fighter jet.

This was the most advanced remote sensing reconnaissance equipment in the Huaxia Sector. It could be said to be the culmination of the Huaxia Sector’s technology. At full power, it could scan most of the celestial bodies in the solar system.

Of course, the scanning discovery was the scanning discovery. Whether or not he could locate it was another matter. At the same time, the 19th-generation remote sensing space station of the Sky Eye was extremely sensitive to energy perception within a radius of 50,000 kilometers.

Not to mention the Planetary realm, even the energy level of the

Transmutation Realm could be scanned and discovered. It could be said that the 19th-generation remote sensing space station was the first warning line placed by the Huaxia Sector on Planet Kono.

If an enemy invaded from space on a large scale, the 19th-generation space station of the Sky Eye would be able to discover and warn them immediately.

The only problem was that the stronger and more sophisticated the function of technological equipment, the easier it was to break when it was subjected to external forces.

At the beginning of February, the 19th-generation remote sensing space station of the Sky Eye immediately discovered and warned about a super particle storm in the universe. It saved the Huaxia Sector a lot of losses.

Moreover, the 19th-generation space station of the Sky Eye was also turned off. But it is a technology equipment, after all. There was still a malfunction after the super particle storm passed through it.

The influence of the super particle storm had subsided, but the

19th-generation space station of the Sky Eye had never worked again.

As a result, Zhang Sian was transferred over from Mars. He would lead the team and personally repair the space station. He had to repair the 19th-generation space station in a short period of time.

It had to be said that an expert like Zhang Sian was quite good at farming. In less than a day, he found the problem of the 19th generation of the Sky Eye.

Under the vibrations of the super particle storm, a few precision welding points showed signs of loosening and poor contact. It looked good, but there was actually a problem.

This was the reason why the 19th generation of the Sky Eye could not work. He found the problem, but it was also an extreme test of his level to repair it. The previous welding point was made in a stable laboratory environment. Now, in a space environment, it was even more a test of technology.

“Guys, buck up. If everything goes smoothly, we can go back in three hours! After completing this mission, we will receive second-class credit!” Zhang Sian shouted in the communication channel and began to focus on his work.

The top communication module repair expert in the industry was not bragging. An hour later, the first welding point was repaired. An hour and a half later, the second welding point was repaired. After the second welding point was repaired, the 19th-generation space station of the Sky Eye suddenly sizzled. It had already begun to restart.

This meant that the repair was successful. However, there were still three welding points to complete the repair. Soon, Zhang Sian returned to the repair work.

However, after repairing it for two minutes, Zhang Sian suddenly raised her head and asked through the channel, “Did you hear that alarm on the loudspeaker of your combat uniforms?”

“No.”

“I seem to have heard it, but I can’t hear it clearly.”

“A little, but I can’t hear where it comes from.”

Zhang Sian was a little puzzled by the answers of his teammates. He had just heard them, but he had disappeared again. He lowered his head to repair it again, but in an instant, Zhang Sian heard the alarm again. After searching around again, he still did not find anything.

“Could it be that my kidney deficiency caused me to hallucinate? I haven’t flirted recently.” Zhang Sian shook his head with a smile and continued to work. It looked like he needed to find a girl to nourish himself after the maintenance work was over.

When he was close to the abdominal wall below the 19th generation of the Sky Eye, the alarm he had heard previously entered his ears again. This stunned Zhang Sian.

Suddenly, Zhang Sian reacted. It was not a hallucination. He was not short of girls. The alarm came from within the 19th generation of the Sky Eye.

Zhang Sian’s first reaction was that there was a malfunction in the restarted 19th generation of the Sky Eye. That was why the alarm was raised. Under normal circumstances, if there was a malfunction alarm internally, they could easily locate where there was another malfunction.

“Apply for rights. We want to enter the interior of the 19th-generation space station,” Zhang Sian instructed.

Originally, they could have entered the cabin directly. However, after the 19th generation of the Sky Eye was restarted, its safety rules were activated. If their maintenance personnel wanted to enter, they needed to obtain authorization.

The 19th generation of the Sky Eye was considered the top technological equipment in the Huaxia Sector. If they wanted to obtain the authorization to enter, they needed to obtain the approval of Wei Bin’s command center.

It had been five minutes since the reports, approvals, and entry orders were completed.

Five minutes later, Zhang Sian opened the safety door in the abdominal wall of the 19th-generation space station. The security door opened and an ear-piercing alarm sounded.

“Such a loud alarm?” Zhang Sian frowned. Under normal circumstances, a malfunction alarm would not be so ear-piercing. However, anything was possible if there was a malfunction.

After passing through the safety verification and verification step by step, Zhang Sian finally entered the main cabin of the 19th-generation Sky Eye Space Station. There were hundreds of red dots on the main cabin display. They were densely packed. It was these red dots that had triggered the alarm.

“Hundreds of points that need maintenance. That’s not right, right?” Zhang Sian leaned closer. The moment he leaned closer, Zhang Sian’s expression instantly changed drastically. The hundreds of red dots did not mark the fault points, but the energy level. @@novelbin@@

There were 12 Planetary realm energy spots, 50 quasi-planetary energy spots, and 300 Transmutation Realm energy spots. In an instant, Zhang Sian broke out in a cold sweat.

Enemy!

This meant that a wave of powerful and extremely high-level energy fluctuations was approaching Planet Kono at high speed.

No, they should be approaching the 19th-generation Sky Eye space station at high speed. As a maintenance techie, Zhang Sian was very familiar with this data. The data showed that according to the speed of the energy spots, they would arrive at the 19th-generation space station in a minute. They would arrive at Planet Kono Fifteen minutes later.

It was extremely fast!

At this moment, Zhang Sian’s mind went blank. His first thought was to escape! As long as he chose the right direction and was not too unlucky, he could still escape in a minute.

However, Zhang Sian rejected this first thought. Due to a malfunction, the

19th-generation space station of the Sky Eye did not send an alert to Planet Kono. In that case, he had to send an alert to the Huaxia Sector command center on Planet Kono!

Zhang Sian instinctively pressed the emergency button.

It did not ring!

Zhang Sian’s hand trembled. There were still 55 seconds before the unknown energy spots arrived.

Zhang Sian immediately switched to manual alarm mode and extracted the warning data of the 19th generation of the Sky Eye, all the strength parameters of the energy spots of unknown origin, as well as the estimated time of arrival, direction, and all the detailed data.

Then he sent it!

There were still 25 seconds before the unknown energy spots arrived.

The moment the message was successfully sent, Zhang Sian crawled out on all fours. The safety door of the tunnel opened heavily. Zhang Sian felt that more than ten seconds had passed.

As he crawled, Zhang Sian roared in the public channel of their small team,

“Get on the fighter jet quickly. Enemy attack!”

Five seconds later, when Zhang Sian was the last to jump into the fighter jet, Zhang Sian’s other three friends had already entered the fighter jet. His team’s tacit understanding was not bad.

“Let’s go!” Zhang Sian roared. The fighter jet spat out flames and was activated. However, the moment it was activated, Zhang Sian saw a monster with three heads suddenly appear on the porthole of the fighter jet.

The other three friends screamed in fear at this scene. However, Zhang Sian suddenly understood something.

Enemy!

This was the enemy. This was the enemy discovered by the 19th-generation space station of the Sky Eye.

Strange and powerful! Three-headed monsters?

In the next moment, the three-headed monster rubbed its claws together. The entire fighter jet seemed to have been rubbed together. There was a crackle of lightning and it instantly exploded.

Zhang Sian’s last glance, or perhaps at the last moment, was in the direction of Planet Kono. The moment he looked over, Planet Kono suddenly lit up with a blood-colored light. It was extremely glaring. Even before he died, an ear-piercing alarm sounded in the public channel of Zhang Sian’s communication device. “A large number of enemies of unknown origin have been discovered. All units…

Zhang Sian could no longer hear the rest of the alarms. At that moment, there was only one thought in Zhang Sian’s mind—it was worth it!

It was worth it.

On Planet Kono, an ear-piercing alarm first sounded from the Huaxia Sector’s general base, then the alarm light with the highest level. The Huaxia Sector immediately entered a state of war alert. There was also a moment of chaos.

A large number of Huaxia people who had just migrated were in chaos because of the alarm. However, the chaos only lasted for a moment. Under powerful guidance, the ordinary people who had migrated began to quickly move towards the underground shelter.

The defense troops began to get into position.

Thirty seconds later, the alarms of the other sectors sounded one after another. Similarly, chaos followed by order.

Twelve minutes later, hundreds of figures charged into Planet Kono from all directions. At the same time, they rose with a terrifying light..