Chapter 1297 - 1297: Farewell And Might (3)

Chapter 1297: Farewell and Might (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Lieutenant Wei, dodge 45 degrees below you! Lieutenant Wei, I’m Unit Seven, He Xuan. Goodbye!” Boom!

The light exploded again.

But just like before, because there were no restrictions, the enemy was not included in the center of the explosion. It was not lethal enough.

However, Liu Jiu, the captain of the first Fallen Star team, looked at the other rising light. His eyes were slightly moist.

Two beams of light exploded beside the Planetary realm powerhouse. The first one forced him back. Another Fallen Star exploded beside him. However, this time, it exploded him into the center of the explosion.

The Muya Planetary realm cultivator who had teamed up with Bai Qisi to kill Wei Bin had died!

There was no opportunity, but he could create an opportunity himself.

This wave had severely injured the enemy and bought Wei Bin precious time. Almost at the same time, the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, who was fighting Raymont, was also furious when he saw this scene. He knew very well that he would win today’s battle after killing Wei Bin.

“Chik, Horace, go and help that piece of trash, Bai Qisi!” Darak shouted.

“No, I can!” Bai Qisi roared and instantly disappeared.

It was also at this moment that Liu Jiu, who had been staring at the three-headed dog-faced beast, instantly pushed the flying rod and pressed the button.

Fallen Star!

Light exploded.

Bai Qisi, who had just disappeared, was blasted out of the void again. This time, even the furious three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, fell silent. He stared at the Blue Star Humans who were fighting for their lives like ants on Planet Kono. An inexplicable fear suddenly appeared in his heart.

Terrifying humans!

“Look, you piece of trash!” The human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, cursed.

This time, Bai Qisi surprisingly did not object. Although the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, was stopped, Wei Bin’s crisis had reached its peak at this moment.

Wei Bin was being chased by two Planetary realm powerhouses from the Muya Clan. And Wei Bin was already seriously injured.

“Goodbye.”

“Goodbye!”

A series of voices sounded in the channel. Light exploded in the sky, and the two Planetary realm powerhouses chasing after Wei Bin were stopped.

Half a second later, another light exploded. One of the two Planetary realm powerhouses chasing after Wei Bin was severely injured by another Fallen Star.

Since no one restricted them, the Fallen Star will restrict them.

At this point, all of the members of the first Fallen Star team had been sacrificed! In the underground Command Hall, Li Zhen and the remaining four staff officers had already stood upright in a military posture.

The four staff officers’ eyes were already filled with tears. However, there were no tears in Li Zhen’s eyes. There was only grit in Li Zhen’s eyes. “Second Fallen Star Team, take off.”

“Roger that!”

A terrifyingly calm response sounded.

“There are no reinforcements from Planet Liuxia yet?” Li Zhen was anxious.

“Not yet…” The staff officer was answering when he suddenly became anxious. “There are fluctuations. There are fluctuations coming from the quantum teleportation channel.”

“Who is it!” Li Zhen became anxious.

In the next moment, a sword light instantly soared into the sky. Xu Tui was the only one on the sword light.

Li Zhen first smiled when he saw this scene, but his expression immediately became bitter. The person who had come was Xu Tui, not a Planetary realm powerhouse. This…

“Please keep the quantum teleportation channel open. A quasi-planetary will come over every 50 seconds.” Xu Tui’s voice sounded after Ah Huang connected to the communication channel.

At the same time, Wei Bin, who saw Xu Tui, also laughed out loud. He pointed at Xu Tui’s sword light in the sky and laughed. “Warriors, look, reinforcements are here! Xu Tui, it’s Xu Tui!” Wei Bin vomited blood and laughed. The ordinary soldiers of the Blue Star did not react.

However, the Planetary realms, quasi-planetary realms, and some

Transmutation realms who were participating in the battle laughed out loud. Ordinary people did not know, but they knew what kind of person Xu Tui was.

“Lieutenant Wei, are you alright?” Xu Tui asked from afar.

“I won’t die yet!”

“Now, die!” The sinister voice of the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, sounded from behind Wei Bin. Ever since the battle started, Bai Qisi could have easily killed Wei Bin.

However, he was first severely injured by Wei Bin’s Origin Crystal ability seal card, then stopped three times by the Fallen Star team. The anger of the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, also reached its peak.

The death of all the members of the first Fallen Star team gave Bai Qisi a moment to kill behind Wei Bin. The members of the second Fallen Star team who had just risen into the air were shocked.

Xu Tui glanced coldly at the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi. To be honest, he was also a little shocked when he arrived at the battlefield. He had obtained information about some of the Muya Clan previously and had some understanding of them. However, he was still very shocked to see them with his own eyes.

Almost at the same time, a dark-colored God Slaying Sword appeared above Xu Tui’s head.

It disappeared the moment it appeared.

The three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, had a moment of palpitation. Before it could understand the situation, the dark-colored God Slaying Sword instantly slashed into Bai Qisi’s middle head.

Bang!

The moment the God Slaying Sword slashed in, Bai Qisi’s dog-faced head instantly exploded. @@novelbin@@

Bai Qisi covered the other two heads and screamed, especially the other head. It had been severely injured by Wei Bin. Although it had recovered, its strength would definitely be weakened.

“Ah, trashy quasi-planet. I’m going to kill you. I’m going to kill you!” Bai Qis roared. He looked at Xu Tui with a hint of fear.

Xu Tui also frowned..