Chapter 1298 - 1298: Farewell And Might (4)

Chapter 1298: Farewell and Might (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He had wanted to make a contribution with his sword, but he did not expect this three dog-faced beast to be like this.

One head exploded with a single strike.

Could it be that his three heads were independent?

The moment Xu Tui slashed out, Raymont, who was fighting the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, inexplicably trembled. He was actually a little afraid of Xu Tui.

“Kill, surround and kill him!” Bai Qisi roared angrily. He ordered the quasi-planetary experts who had the strength to move to attack Xu Tui together. At the same time, Bai Qisi disappeared.

Under the sunglasses, the world in Xu Tui’s eyes immediately became clear. The earth spikes suddenly hung in the sky. In the next moment, Bai Qisi appeared out of thin air and crashed into Xu Tui’s earth spikes.

Bai Qisi was shocked. His claws exploded with light and shattered the earth spikes.

“Suppress!” Xu Tui’s cold voice sounded. A small seal instantly smashed down. The moment it landed on Bai Qisi’s head, it instantly turned into a small mountain.

Boom!

The head was injured previously and half of his body was shattered by the mountain. Bai Qisi howled as he retreated. His entire body was covered in blood. The three-headed beast turned into a single-headed beast.

This time, Bai Qisi was really afraid. He only had one head left. If this head was gone, he would really die! He was ferocious, but he was also afraid of death.

In the next moment, Bai Qisi retreated without hesitation. It was not easy for them to kill their way over when Planet Charon exploded and the seal line was broken. He had not enjoyed it yet. He could not die.

As long as he was given some time, as long as he had energy, his other two heads would grow back and recover his strength.

As for reality, he could only accept being mocked by his clansmen and scolded by Darak. Who said that evil people were not afraid of death? Evil people were also afraid of death!

However, Xu Tui sneered when he saw the dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, retreating and escaping. There was still a chance if he did not escape. But he would not have a chance if he escaped.

In the next moment, a golden hammer that only Xu Tui could see instantly disappeared. Bai Qisi, who was escaping, suddenly stopped.

The Mountain Sword that had just condensed in front of Xu Tui instantly disappeared. In the next moment, the Mountain Sword appeared at the back of Bai Qisi’s head, who’s mind had been shocked. It passed through at high speed.

The moment it passed through, the Mountain Sword instantly enlarged and pierced into the head of the dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, and exploded it into pieces.

The three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, died tragically.

The entire battlefield was stunned for a moment before a tsunami of cheers suddenly sounded. Wei Bin, who was coughing up blood, also laughed. “All hail… Xu Tui!”

Another Muya Planetary realm expert charged towards the severely injured Wei Bin. At this moment, Wei Bin was full of smiles. He was completely relieved the moment Xu Tui killed the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi.

This battle had a turning point. He could win!

However, it did not matter to him anymore. He had fought today to his heart’s content!

Xu Tui also saw this moment. He had just killed Bai Qisi when his mental hammer and the Mountain Sword instantly disappeared.

The Planetary realm expert from the Muya Clan, who was charging towards Wei Bin, suddenly staggered in the air. The Mountain Sword instantly passed through his head. The moment it passed through, the Mountain Sword expanded. His body and head were shattered into pieces.

However, this Muya was a supernatural being in the Planetary realm. The moment he was killed, a ball of mental body light escaped and quickly fled in the direction of the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak.

Xu Tui sneered. The golden Small God Slaying Sword flew out and instantly disappeared. The sword slashed out, and it slashed in! The mental body that the Planetary realm Muya, Horace, had escaped with instantly shattered.

He died!

The human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, who was about to receive the mental body, was instantly stunned. He was extremely shocked by Xu Tui’s might. He had killed Bai Qisi and their Two Satellites supernatural Planetary realm. Although Bai Qisi had been injured previously, his strength was still

there.

Xu Tui was still a quasi-planet. Damn it, was there such a powerful quasi-planet? Darak froze.

Wei Bin laughed out loud. As he laughed, he vomited blood.

Xu Tui was so powerful that he had killed two Muya Planetary realm experts in a row. As a result, the other Planetary realm expert who wanted to kill Wei Bin was a little afraid at this moment.

He was afraid!

He was a little afraid of Xu Tui.

The Muya Clan was ferocious, but they also knew fear.

Wei Bin laughed loudly when he saw this scene. He spat out blood and shouted,

“All hail Xu Tui!”

Below, all the cultivators who had not participated in the battle focused their gazes on Xu Tui. A tsunami sounded. “All hail Xu Tui!”

“All hail Xu Tui!”

The Mountain Sword danced in the air. Xu Tui heard the commotion and raised his arms and shouted, “All hail Huaxia!”

In a few seconds, the cheers became the mighty roars of Huaxia!

“All hail Huaxia!”

“All hail Huaxia!”

“All hail Huaxia!” @@novelbin@@

Amidst the overwhelming commotion, Bu Qingqiu arrived at Planet Kono immediately after the cooldown of the quantum teleportation channel was completed.

What she heard was Huaxia’s mighty voice!

In the underground command center, Li Zhen’s face was covered in tears. It had only been 50 seconds since Xu Tui appeared and changed the situation.

All hail Xu Tui!