Chapter 1293 - 1293: The Battle Between Demons And The Great

Chapter 1293: The Battle Between Demons and the Great

Dao

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

A pterodactyl with a wingspan of more than 100 meters and a body covered in golden scales had a strange human head.

The human-headed Golden Pterodactyl was the first to appear above Planet Kono. It spat out its huge mouth, and a sea of fire poured up from it. @@novelbin@@

In a few seconds, the general bases of the various sectors of Planet Kono turned into a sea of fire. At this moment, the forces of the seven sectors and one organization also began to counterattack. Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realms soared into the sky.

One of them charged towards the golden pterodactyl.

The human-headed Golden Pterodactyl’s huge eyes turned slightly and flickered with coldness. The flames that it spat out turned and shot towards the quasi-planet. The quasi-planetary wanted to escape, but he was chased by the high-speed flames. He was not fast enough. Three seconds later, the quasi-planet turned to ashes.

Instant kill of a quasi-planet!

In the distance, the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary experts who soared into the sky from all directions looked at the golden pterodactyl. It was at least a Planetary realm powerhouse with four or five Satellites who could instantly kill a quasi-planetary expert.

Where did such a powerful enemy come from?

The integrated bases of the various sectors below had become hell on earth. Ever since they captured Planet Kono last August, the various sectors had been increasing the pace of immigration.

In the beginning, the lowest requirement for immigrating to Planet Kono was the Genetic Evolution Realm. However, the natural environment of Planet Kono was too good. It was dozens of times better than Mars and the Moon, only slightly inferior to the Blue Star.

Therefore, the conditions for immigration in the various sectors began to decrease.

From November last year, the conditions for immigration had become the Genetic Mutation Realm. Any genetic newcomer above the Level D Genetic Mutation Realm could register for immigration.

The strength requirement of the migrants in the army had also changed from the Evolution Realm to the Level D Genetic Mutation Realm.

However, in January of this year, this requirement was lowered again. As long as one was at the Genetic Mutation Realm, they could migrate.

In fact, many alliances had lower requirements. It had already been reduced to Level D or even Level E Genetic Liberation Realm. As long as one’s age met the requirements, they could apply to immigrate to Planet Kono.

This was because in the past few months, the various alliances had already discovered that all the Genetic Liberation Realm cultivators who migrated to Planet Kono had an extremely fast cultivation growth rate after arriving on Planet Kono. It was almost two to three times that of the Blue Star.

In just two to three months, they could quickly break through to the Genetic Mutation Realm.

The Huaxia Sector was also doing the same. However, because of the population base requirements, the Huaxia Sector had a slightly higher requirement. Under such circumstances, in seven months, the total population of Planet Kono had exceeded 500,000.

For example, the immigrant population of the Huaxia Sector, the India Sector, and the American Sector were respectively 110,000, 130,000, and 80,000. The other sectors were relatively smaller.

Even the Myth Organization, which did not have a fixed territory on the Blue Star, had immigrated more than 20,000 people.

At this moment, the 500,000 Blue Star humans, who were all below the Transmutation Realm, were running back and forth in a sea of fire in the various bases. No matter how organized a unit of 100,000 people was, it was impossible to complete the evacuation in a few minutes.

Even in the Huaxia Sector, they had obtained nearly a minute in advance because of Zhang Sian’s warning. However, in less than four minutes, only 50,000 people had entered the underground shelter.

The remaining 60,000 immigrants were originally queuing to enter the underground shelter, but they instantly collapsed under the flames of the human -headed Golden Pterodactyl.

This flame could even instantly kill a quasi-planet, let alone these genetic cultivators below the Transmutation Realm. Not to mention touching it, the flames would injure them if they got 50 centimeters closer. They would be injured if they touched it and die if they touched it.

It instantly became chaotic. A large number of immigrants died tragically in the flames.

Of course, did the Blue Star not have any defense?

They do!

The moment the alarm sounded, the energy defense barrier rose.

However, the three-headed dog-faced monster that had turned the fighter jet where Zhang Sian and the others were into a fried dough twist only flashed. With a casual wave of its bloody claws, the energy defense barrier was broken.

The moment it flashed past, the three-headed dog-faced monster picked up three immigrants from the Huaxia Sector and threw them up. The three dog heads instantly opened their bloody mouths and started chewing.

“It’s delicious! It’s too delicious!” The three-headed dog-faced monster let out an ear-piercing roar. It was not using the current Huaxia language, but it had a hint of Huaxia. Everyone could understand it.

The two Planetary realm experts and the surrounding quasi-planetary experts were instantly stunned when they saw this scene.

It wanted to swallow the Blue Star Humans alive! Damn it, wasn’t this too bloody and brutal?

Previously, the Blue Star Humans had fought with the Spiritual Race, the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Fission Race, and the Dissimilate Clan for hundreds of years. Everyone was only fighting.

It was just a war!

War was already very cruel. But now, the three-headed dog-faced monster that had ambushed them actually treated humans as food!

This was a situation that he had never encountered before. In an instant, they were stunned!

The three-headed dog-faced monster laughed loudly. It swept past like a balloon and pierced through the energy defense barriers of the India Sector, the American Sector, the European Sector, and the other bases. It could always eat a few immigrants.

In the last moment, the three-headed dog-faced monster threw the dozen or so humans in the India Sector’s general base at high speed toward the human-headed golden pterodactyl. “Darak, these guys taste better than roasted!”

“Bai Qisi, you disgusting fellow! You even ate these guys’ feces! Eat them with grace! ” The human-headed Golden Pterodactyl flapped its huge wings and instantly waved out more than a dozen golden lines. These golden lines seemed to have a mind of their own and accurately ruptured the heads and hearts of the dozen or so Blue Star immigrants.

Then, he ate it one after another!

“Wow, what a delicious thing! Especially this brain. It’s very awesome!” After saying that, the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, looked at the three-headed dog-faced beast in disdain and scolded, “Bai Qisi, look, this is the most elegant way to eat! I feel that you’re full of shit now!”

“That’s still delicious to me, you unappreciative fellow! Darak, I think you should learn to try it out with me next time! It’s really delicious!”

“Scram, you disgusting guy…”

The two of them spoke casually, but the experts of the Blue Star were disgusted.

When did such a terrifying species appear in the universe? Eating the Blue Star humans for fun! And they were so powerful!

However, the reaction of the Blue Star was relatively fast. Just as these guys were washing Planet Kono with blood, the counterattack began.

However, there was something wrong with their strength.

The three-phase thermal bomb that the Blue Star was proud of was a little like a toy in front of the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, and the dog-faced three-headed beast, Bai Qisi. It was indeed an exaggeration, but it did not cause them any damage.

The three-phase thermal bomb blasted over. Far away, the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, spat out a mouthful of flames and detonated.

As for the dog-faced three-headed beast, Bai Qisi, it disappeared the moment the three-phase thermal bombs shot over. The three-phase thermal bomb exploded, and the dog-faced three-headed beast, Bai Qisi, appeared ten kilometers away with a teasing expression.

Fortunately, at this moment, the Planetary realm powerhouses and quasi-planets of the Blue Star, including the Transmutation Realm, also charged towards the enemy under the command of the emergency command center.

They wanted to create a chance for the normal immigrants to survive.

According to the rules of the Blue Star, each family had to have a Planetary realm powerhouse guarding Planet Kono. This was an ironclad rule. Under such circumstances, there were eight Planetary realm powerhouses left on Planet Kono.

The moment the war happened, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector, Jian Zhen, arrived from the Mars quantum teleportation channel and participated in the battle.

Nine against twelve!

Then, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the American Sector, Agarvin, who was guarding the moon, rushed over from the moon’s quantum teleportation channel to participate in the battle.

Twelve against ten!

After the Blue Star Genetic Committee confirmed that they would expand in the solar system with Planet Kono as the center in the future, it was not enough for Planet Kono to establish a single channel with Mars.

At the same time, in order to strengthen the Moon’s defense, they had previously asked the Africa Sector to use the quantum array core they had traded to establish a quantum teleportation channel between Planet Kono and the Moon.

Thirty seconds later, the quantum teleportation channel between Ceres and Planet Kono flashed. The director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont, rushed back.

The Planetary realm powerhouses and quasi-planetary powerhouses who had already participated in the battle cheered. Raymont arrived at the right time.

11 against 12!

This was one of the three-dimensional defense systems of Planet Kono. In an instant, three Planetary realm powerhouses could be gathered from other planets to support them.

This was a considerable force.

Actually, Raymont’s arrival was not just a narrowing of the gap.

There were a total of 12 Planetary realm powerhouses in the attack. They were powerful, but the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star were not weak either.

The key was that the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, and the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, were too powerful. These two were definitely Planetary realm powerhouses above four Satellites.

Most of the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star were one or two Satellites. There were not many Planetary realm powerhouses with three Satellites.

With these two participants, the difference in strength was huge.

“Muya!” Raymont scanned the area and was suddenly shocked and furious. It was the Muva people that he had heard of but never seen before. As the director

of the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the highest level of the Blue Star, Raymont’s knowledge was different.

Almost instantly, Raymont turned into a green light and faced the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak.

However, just as Raymont turned around to participate in the battle, the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, and the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, had already severely injured one and killed one Planetary realm powerhouse.

Bai Qisi, in particular, was exceptionally brutal. The three heads continued to fight and curse at the corpse of the Planetary realm powerhouse he had killed.

The war situation on the Blue Star underwent another upheaval. It became nine against twelve again.

The Blue Star did not have much of an advantage in terms of quasi-planetary and Transmutation Realm experts. Fortunately, the quasi-planetary experts tried their best to return through the three quantum teleportation channels.

However, the disadvantage was still increasing.

This was especially so for the brutal three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi. At this moment, no one could stop him. Even the Planetary realm powerhouse, Jian Zhen, could only barely hold him back.

From time to time, Bai Qisi could even disappear once. He would either severely injured or kill a Planetary realm or quasi-planetary realm.

The disadvantage of the war was constantly expanding. The casualties were constantly increasing.

At the same time, on Ceres Star. He did not know what method Chi Jing had used, but he could actually see the scene on Planet Kono in real time.

Chi Jing’s trusted subordinates, Feng Gu and Chi Wuxun, were watching this scene together.

“Sir, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star on Ceres Star are about to go crazy! However, due to the limited quantum teleportation channel, they can’t return no matter how anxious they are,” Chi Wuxun said.

Chi Jing snorted coldly, but there was a hint of smugness in his snort.

Feng Gu looked puzzled. “Elder, this Muya is so ferocious and an enemy of the Blue Star! Then why don’t we completely cooperate with them? The enemy of an enemy is our friend, right?”

“You’re right! But you have to know that we’re involved in a battle of the Great Dao with the Muya people! We can use each other, but it’s impossible to cooperate completely!”

“The battle for the Great Dao?” Feng Gu, who was hearing these words for the first time, was stunned..