Chapter 1295 - 1295: Farewell And Might (1)

Chapter 1295: Farewell and Might (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

March 22, 2140, 10:07 a.m. @@novelbin@@

A sea of fire rose on Planet Kono. The battle was extremely tragic.

Due to the personal command of Wei Bin, the commander-in-chief of the extra-terrestrial of the Huaxia Sector, the morale of the Blue Star participants was greatly boosted.

Wei Bin’s name was known to everyone in the Blue Star.

At this moment, participating in the battle personally was like a flag. In an instant, the situation on the battlefield changed. Many participants from the other sectors already had the thought of escaping. They even took action.

However, the moment Wei Bin appeared, the situation immediately changed.

Many people who were originally afraid of battle became unafraid of death.

This was probably the charm of a commander-in-chief.

However, almost at the same time that Wei Bin participated in the battle, he also encountered the greatest crisis of his life. He was chased by the Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse of the Muya people, the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi.

This could also be said to be the greatest crisis in the entire Planet Kono.

Wei Bin’s participation in the battle had indeed turned around their morale. However, if Wei Bin was killed by the three-headed dog-faced beast on the battlefield, it might be a fatal blow to the morale of all the warriors on the Blue

Star.

Once that happened, the battle on Planet Kono would instantly collapse.

Most of the participants would escape. However, such a planetary war was different from the traditional wars of the Blue Star in the past. In the traditional wars of the past, many people could survive after they fled.

However, in a planetary war, if there was no way to retreat, as long as the fleeing people could not escape from the current planet, the current planet would be their grave.

Although many people understood this principle, they could not help but follow the crowd when they were forced to flee.

Therefore, when the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, began to chase after Wei Bin with all his might, all the participants, including Maiponeo, Nilab, and the others, who had already hidden in the command of the underground shelter, were also worried for Wei Bin.

Once Wei Bin died in battle, Planet Kono would immediately collapse.

Although they were hiding in the underground shelter, once Planet Kono was defeated, the underground shelter they were hiding in would be their grave.

At this moment, they were all anxious. They all interfered and commanded the Planetary realm powerhouses under them to protect Wei Bin.

The Planetary realm powerhouses of the Muya people were actually about the same strength as the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star. But they had the advantage in numbers and were unprecedentedly ferocious.

The Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star did not have the chance to save Wei Bin.

Danger arose.

Everyone’s hearts tightened. However, as the commander-in-chief of the extra-terrestrial of the Blue Star Huaxia Sector, other than having strength,

Wei Bin had something to rely on to participate in the battle.

Otherwise, Wei Bin would not have dared to participate in the battle.

Before Wei Bin participated in the battle, he had already expected that he would become the enemy’s main target the moment he appeared. He had already expected this scene.

Just as the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, arrived in front of Wei Bin and was about to tear him apart, Wei Bin suddenly opened an Origin Crystal

Sealing Card.

Fix!

That was Cai Shaochu’s card. The large word ‘fix’ made the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, freeze for a moment. As the commander-in-chief, Wei Bin had an extremely accurate grasp of opportunities. In an instant, he crushed another Origin Crystal ability seal card.

The golden sword light instantly slashed down and cut into the heads of the three dog-faced beasts.

In the moment of life and death, Bai Qisi only had time to break free from the word and tilt his head slightly. However, this sword light still cut into his dog head.

This was the Origin Crystal ability seal card that Li Qingping had made. More than half of his dog head was cut off, and blood spurted out.

Bai Qisi was shocked. At the same time, Wei Bin went down. The silver spear was like a shooting star as it instantly blasted into Bai Qisi’s half-broken dog head. Before the silver light could explode, Bai Qisi’s front claws instantly expanded by a few meters. He kicked Wei Bin’s chest.

Wei Bin was instantly sent flying and vomited blood.

Seeing this, Bai Qisi, who had almost had his head cut off by the sword, was furious. He ignored his bleeding head and dodged forward, wanting to take the opportunity to kill Wei Bin. The two cards exploded in Wei Bin’s hand. Flames exploded, and Wei Bin instantly disappeared.

In the next moment, Bai Qisi was surrounded by a sea of fire, while Wei Bin appeared five kilometers away, panting heavily.

In the distance, the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, was surrounded by a sea of fire formed by a firebird. It kept burning and let out a shrill cry.

This was the Origin Crystal ability seal card that Ruan Tianzuo had made.

What Wei Bin had just escaped with was Cai Shaochu’s Escape Formula.

The screams of the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, entered the ears of all the Blue Star participants. It was exceptionally beautiful.

“All hail Lieutenant Wei!”

“All hail Lieutenant Wei!”

“All hail Lieutenant Wei!”

The ordinary soldiers who could not participate in the battle cheered crazily. This cheer was not limited to the Huaxia Sector. The soldiers and experts of the other sectors also cheered loudly. In the underground shelter, Maiponeo, Nilab, Doge Antheus, and the others heaved a sigh of relief when they saw this scene, but they were a little worried.

After this battle, Wei Bin’s reputation in the Huaxia Sector would reach its peak on the Blue Star.

At the same time, Maiponeo and the others were also contacting various parties, looking for possible reinforcements.

The first person they contacted was the Lord of Myths, Ullr.

The reason why he contacted the Lord of The Myth, Ullr, was that although he had not publicly taken action, according to various intelligence and information, he should have top-notch Planetary realm combat strength comparable to Cai Shaochu, Haren, and the others. He had not participated in the battle yet..