Chapter 1291 - 1291: The Reason And Who Is Protecting Who?

Chapter 1291: The Reason and Who Is Protecting Who?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The super particle storm swept past Planet Peach, Planet Liuxia, Planet Liuyu, and Planet Spirit.

On the surface, everything on the planet was as usual. However, all the technological equipment on the planet was paralyzed.

This was because it was turned off in time. The physical mechanisms, which turned off the slowest, were directly pierced through and destroyed by the super particle storm.

There were very few people living on Planet Peach, Planet Liuxia, and other planets. There were not many corresponding electronic devices. Furthermore, there was intelligent management and could be turned off with one button.

Otherwise, the losses would be very heavy. Even so, two of the four long-range reconnaissance and monitoring satellites that Planet Peach had just released had been destroyed. These four satellites had been supported by the Huaxia Sector.

During the super particle storm, the entire Planet Peach seemed to have returned to a primitive society. Other than the energy lighting being maintained as normal, all other electronic communication devices had stopped.

However, during the super particle storm, the energy fluctuations of the Planet Peach’s ley line became very active, increasing the efficiency of their cultivation. Instead, it stimulated everyone’s cultivation enthusiasm.

Zhao Hailong and Cui Xi cultivated with their lives. Occasionally, they had to accept the brilliance of Yan Lie, Wen Shao, and the others.

Seeing Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, and the others cultivating with all their might, Yan Lie, Qu Qingshan, and the others went all out. If they did not work hard and were accidentally surpassed by them, it would be embarrassing if they were beaten up by these guys.

Under such circumstances, they cultivated even harder. While they were cultivating, Xu Tui and Ah Huang were searching for all kinds of information to explore the possibility of the source of this super particle storm.

“Such a large-scale super particle storm has not been accurately recorded in the Blue Star’s history. After all, the Blue Star had only explored the universe for more than 200 years. There might have been one in the past, but even if there is, it was not discovered.

“Moreover, there are no records of such a large-scale super particle storm in the data center of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.”

Ah Huang came to this conclusion after searching through the data recorded inside.

“The reason! What’s the reason? What caused such a large-scale super particle storm? I think that this is more important.” This was the direction that Xu Tui was worried about.

“We can’t confirm the reason for it for the time being, but according to the scientists who specialized in the universe, there are two situations that might cause the appearance of a super particle storm,” Ah Huang said.

“Which two situations?” @@novelbin@@

“The first is the birth of a supernova! The second is when the planet is destroyed. These two situations will produce a massive amount of energy flux. The massive amount of energy flux will collide and guide the universe. In the end, it will ripple in all directions in the form of super particles.

“Of course, this is only the conjecture of the Blue Star’s scientists. It has not been proven yet. However, the credibility of this theoretical conjecture is also very high,” Ah Huang said.

In theory, Supernovas were born every day in the entire universe. Every day, a planet would walk towards death or destruction. However, this referred to the universe. The entire universe was very, very large. Even the Milky Way was only an extremely small point.

As for the solar system, humans had an accurate observation history that such a situation had never happened. Moreover, in the telemetry data in recent years, there were no remote sensing signs of the birth of Supernova in the solar system or the death of a planet.

After all, be it the birth of a Supernova or the normal death of a planet, this process was measured in ten or even a hundred years. It would be discovered by remote sensing before it was born or before it died.

But the super particle storm was so sudden.

Judging from the locations of the planets that Xu Tui currently ruled, the range of the impact was extremely large.

So how did it appear?

It was impossible to create a Supernova artificially. Even the Spiritual Race could not create a planet. However, it was possible to destroy a planet. The combined efforts of the top experts of the Blue Star or thousands of three-phase thermal bombs could destroy a planet.

In that case, was there a planet in the solar system that had been destroyed by someone? If that was the case, an extremely major incident must have happened in the solar system.

Unfortunately, everything now could only be speculated. There was no conclusion. They could only rely on roars to communicate within the planet, let alone the connection between the planets.

The quantum teleportation channel had also been shaken by the super particle storm. It could not be used for the time being. If Ah Huang had not reacted quickly and informed the other planets immediately before the super particle storm arrived, everyone might have been in a panic.

Fortunately, they did not have to worry about food and drink. They also had a large number of Origin Crystals and a high concentration of Origin Energy Cultivation Room. Everyone, including Xu Tui, had entered a state of bitter cultivation.

Xu Tui and Yanzi spent three days refining six sets of three- talents energy gathering arrays. After choosing a natural energy gathering place on Planet Peach, they set up five more energy gathering array cultivation rooms.

It COUICI alreaay completely satlsry tne cultivation Inside tne Planet peacn.

Basically, a three-talents energy gathering array cultivation room could allow five quasi-planets to cultivate with all their might. It could accommodate more than 50 Transmutation Realm cultivators.

As for Evolution Realm cultivators, as long as there was space, it would not be too much to stuff a hundred of them into a three-talents energy gathering array cultivation room.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue also used a three-talents energy gathering array cultivation room alone. In this way, the number of Origin Crystals that the two of them consumed every day was multiplied.

On the 12th of February, on the sixth day of the super particle storm, it gradually passed. The fluctuations in the quantum teleportation channel began to stabilize.

Although the quantum teleportation channel in the planet under Xu Tui could not directly teleport people, the communication between the planets could be recovered through the quantum teleportation channel.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief after the communication was recovered and understood the situation.

Due to Ah Huang’s timely notice, or it could even be said that the moment the incident happened, Ah Huang had used its super rights to turn off the electronic devices of the various planets through the quantum teleportation channel. The losses were very small.

On February 13th, Xu Tui obtained a connection with the Planet Kono’s Huaxia Sector.

The news he received was that Planet Kono, including Mars, Manut, and the other planets, had all encountered a super particle storm.

Due to the mechanism, they suffered a tragic loss. The super particle storm attacked at the speed of light. The various sectors and the organization in the Blue Star were still asking for instructions when the storm swept past.

This was especially so for Planet Kono, which was at the front. More than half of the satellite monitoring equipment had been destroyed. The electronic facilities on the ground were not damaged much, but most of them needed maintenance.

Other than that, the various sectors had lost a total of 40 fighter jets on missions outside. They were all in a flying state.

There was basically no hope for the survival of the fighter jet personnel.

Unless there was a Planetary realm or quasi-planetary realm powerhouse in the fighter jet, they could only continue to float in the universe. As for the reason for the super particle storm, the Blue Star internal meeting was also studying it, but there were no results. There had been no signs before.

It was too sudden.

Impacts and losses are being assessed.

After the impact of the super particle storm completely passed, all the remote sensing equipment would be activated. With Planet Kono as the center, they would detect the situation of the entire solar system. Then, they would analyze and compare. They might be able to determine the reason and source of this super particle storm.

However, all of this would take time. This time might be more than a year. Currently, it would take at least three months or even longer to completely repair the remote sensing equipment on Planet Kono, including Mars.

Even though Xu Tui was a little worried about this, he could only remain silent. It would take a year for the technological forces of the entire Blue Star to find any results. What could he do?

All he could do was cultivate.

The influence of the super particle storm lasted for about a month on Planet Peach.

On the 10th of March 2040, the quantum teleportation channels between Planet Peach and the other planets completely returned to normal. At the same time, the quantum teleportation channel between Planet Liuxia and Planet Kono’s Huaxia Sector also returned to normal. It was also tested.

Xu Tui actually still wanted to go to Planet Kono. He wanted to understand what the seal under Planet Kono was.

However, he had completely fallen out with Raymond and the other alliances in private.

Amongst the Planetary realm powerhouses who had ambushed that Xu Tui recognized, there were people from The Myth, the India Sector, the American Sector, and the Huaya Sector. Therefore, he would not be able to do anything if he went over directly now.

Moreover, according to the latest information, the battle on Ceres Star has been tense recently. Cai Shaochu, Raymont, Erera, and the other Blue Star experts would then go to Ceres Star to fight.

It was useless even if Xu Tui went to Planet Kono. Therefore, Xu Tui was not in a hurry. He focused on his cultivation and continued to wait for an opportunity.

At the very least, he had to wait for Bu Qingqiu to break through before going to Planet Kono.

On the 14th of March, when Cai Shaochu, Raymont, Erera, and the others appeared on the battlefield of Ceres, Chi Jing, who had already recovered from his injuries, immediately summoned Feng Gu after fighting Cai Shaochu and the others and returning to the base with victory.

“Where are those guys?”

“They shouldn’t be far from Planet Kono. They had the location of Planet Kono previously, although the relative positions of the various planets have changed over the past hundred years. However, the approximate position hasn’t changed much. They’ll be arriving soon in this month and a half, ” Feng Gu said. “Then send them the exact location of Planet Kono,” Chi Jing said coldly. “Alright, Elder. Should we cooperate and restrain them?”

“There’s no need. Once something happens over there, the Blue Star’s forces on Ceres Star will definitely be in chaos! If it’s in chaos, we will have a chance to create results,” Chi Jing said.

“Understood. I’ll arrange it immediately!”

In the Spiritual Race base of Ceres Star, after Feng Gu left, Chi Jing looked out of the window with a cold expression. “In the end, you are still too weak! You know too little. Do you know that the destruction of Planet Charon will let these guys in? Our Spiritual Race has guarded Planet Charon all these years to protect you. However, you destroyed our forward operating base. So you need to protect yourselves now..”