Chapter 1296 - 1296: Farewell And Might (2)

Chapter 1296: Farewell and Might (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Unfortunately, they urgently contacted the Lord of Myths, Ullr, but they did not receive a reply.

In the sky above Planet Kono, when the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, broke free from the sea of fire, its entire body was charred black. Coupled with the fact that its head was about to be cut off, it looked to be in a miserable state.

“You’re dead! You low-level trash, you’ve angered me. You’re dead meat!” The three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, roared at Wei Bin. As it roared, blood light seeped out of its body. Its head, which was about to be broken, and its entire body were charred black. It was rapidly recovering.

Wei Bin took advantage of this time to communicate with the command center. “Is there a response from Planet Liuxia?”

“Lieutenant Wei, Planet Liuxia has already replied and received it. They said that they need to contact Xu Tui for instructions. Currently, the quantum teleportation channel with the Planet Liuxia is in regular mode, but no one is coming over,” Li Zhen replied.

“How long has it been?”

“One minute and 30 seconds have passed! ”

“Mm.” Wei Bin did not say anything. The request for help had been sent out. It was hard to say if Xu Tui would come.

In the next moment, Bai Qisi chased after him again. This time, Bai Qisi seemed to have used his full strength and appeared near Wei Bin.

In an instant, Wei Bin was severely injured again. Despite that, Wei Bin still managed to turn the situation around with the large number of Origin Crystal ability seal cards in his hands.

However, the situation had taken a sharp turn. @@novelbin@@

In the command center of the Huaxia Sector’s general base, Li Zhen, who had already taken over the command, became anxious and shouted on another channel.

This channel was very quiet. There was no sound. Everyone was waiting quietly. The captain’s surname was Liu, and his name was Jiu. He was from the Shandong Prefecture of the Huaxia Sector and was a major.

“Fallen Star Team, rise!”

“Roger that!”

The moment the voice sounded in the channel, there was no unnecessary noise. Only the voice of Liu Jiu, the captain of the first team of the Fallen Star Team, sounded, followed by a calm order.

“All members from the first team, rise into the air!”

“All members of the first Fallen Star team, cut your engines into an overload state. Accelerate!”

“All members from the first Fallen Star team, put the three-phase thermal bombs into the Super Reaction Room and attach them to the outer chamber!”

“All members from the first Fallen Star Team, circle 5,000 meters away from Commander Wei and look for an opportunity!”

Orders sounded calmly and simply. Soon, an extremely simple reply sounded in the channel.

“Unit Two, in position!”

“Unit Three, in position!”

In ten seconds, all the members of the first Fallen Star Team were in position.

Wei Bin, who was being chased, did not have the time to watch this scene. However, Li Zhen, who had taken over the command, looked at the calm and emotionless reply. His heart fluctuated, but he still gave the second order in this channel.

“First Fallen Star Team, enter the time to fight freely. Choose your opportunity freely. Target, protect Lieutenant Wei and kill the enemy!”

“Roger that!” Liu Jiu’s voice rang out again.

“Second Fallen Star Team, get ready.”

“Second Fallen Star received. We are about to take off!” The voice in the channel was extremely calm.

In the sky, Wei Bin looked like he was in danger.

Wei Bin was at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. The difference between him and the four Planetary realm powerhouses was too great.

In just a minute, Wei Bin was severely injured. A huge hole was dug out of his abdomen by Bai Qisi. Even his internal organs were taken away by Bai Qisi.

Bai Qisi placed the internal organs into his mouth in front of Wei Bin and chewed them in large mouthfuls. “Fragrant! It was really delicious! You low-level trash, I want to chew your bones inch by inch in front of everyone!”

Bai Qisi charged out. Wei Bin retreated quickly, but he was too slow. Wei Bin crushed another escape card and instantly disappeared, appearing five kilometers away. However, after repeated battles, Bai Qisi had already learned about Wei Bin’s abilities, including his ability to use the Origin Crystal ability seal card.

They had communicated in secret before. The moment Wei Bin appeared, a

Planetary realm powerhouse from the Muya Clan immediately charged over.

Wei Bin did not panic. He responded calmly. However, as the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, charged over, the spectators could not take it anymore. It was also at this moment that the flames instantly exploded in front of Bai Qisi.

At the same time, another message with a few milliseconds delay appeared in the combat channel of the Fallen Star Team.

“Brothers, we’ll meet again if fate allows it!” This was the voice of Fallen Star Team Unit Three when he went to battle.

The brilliance of the three-phase thermal bomb exploded like an expanding wave, vibrating and contracting.

Bai Qisi that had just disappeared fell out of the center of the explosion in a sorry state.

The Fallen Star just now did not have anyone to cooperate with and restrict him. It could only explode at a fixed location. However, as a Planetary realm powerhouse, Bai Qisi was extremely fast.

It did not cause much damage to Bai Qisi from three kilometers away from the center of the explosion, but it successfully stopped him and interrupted his dodge. It could be considered as helping Wei Bin out.

The moment Bai Qisi was shaken out of the void by the shockwave of the Fallen Star, the light exploded again.

“Brothers, we’ll meet again if fate allows it!” The first Fallen Star team, Unit Five.

At the same time, Bai Qisi cursed angrily and retreated at lightning speed.

However, he was still affected by the light that exploded from the Fallen Star. He vomited blood from the impact of the shockwave.

This time, Fallen Star Unit Five successfully exploded within a two-kilometer radius of him.

Five kilometers away, when another Planetary realm powerhouse from the Muya Clan was charging towards Wei Bin, the voice of a member of the Fallen Star Team sounded in Wei Bin’s communication channel..