Chapter 1290 - 1290: Security Check And A Sudden Super Storm (2)

Chapter 1290: Security Check and a Sudden Super Storm (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“How good?” Xu Tui chuckled. “After tomorrow, you can experience it for yourself. Compared to your previous speed, it won’t be a problem to increase it by three to five to six to seven times.”

What?

Those who heard Xu Tui’s words were a little confused. Increased their cultivation speed by three, five, six or seven times? Was he asking them to cultivate in the pile of Origin Crystals?

It was said that the regiment commander was very rich. However, with so many people soaking in the pile of Origin Crystals to cultivate, the regiment commander should not be able to afford it, right?

Just as everyone was feeling extremely puzzled and curious, Xu Tui laughed again. “I’m going to send you to another planet to cultivate after I’m done.

However, the current environment of that planet was still top-secret. As usual, Ah Huang would check all your luggage, electronic products, and so on twice later.

“I will also restrict you with the Spiritual Shackles again. The contents of the Spiritual Shackles required you not to tell anyone what you saw. Of course, as old members, you should understand that it’s not that we don’t trust you. This is one of the safety rules of our pioneer raiders. Everyone has to accept and abide by it!”

Xu Tui made it clear. Everyone responded to the commotion and the security procedures began.

It was not that Xu Tui did not believe them, nor did he not believe Huaxia. He was just worried about possible loopholes.

For example, Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, had suddenly attacked Xu Tui once. It was very likely because the contents of the mutual assistance agreement that Xu Tui had reached with the Huaxia Sector had been leaked.

The staff officer who was related to Ruan Tianzuo leaked the contents to Ruan Tianzuo in a seemingly unintentional manner.

Xu Tui did not know if Ruan Tianzuo had leaked it to Raymont. However, he was afraid of such unintentional actions. Therefore, security checks were necessary. These people had to be sent to Planet Peach for cultivation, so they had to check their personal belongings, especially technological products that could be located. @@novelbin@@

The security procedure customized by Ah Huang could be said to be harsh. Even ordinary jewelry and rings had to be checked three times at different frequencies. All the luggage had to be checked.

Finally, Xu Tui had to cast the Spiritual Shackles one by one. During this process, many people were a little annoyed. They felt like they were being targeted. Some even felt a little regretful.

Xu Tui could sense these emotions with his powerful spiritual resonance. However, he did not mind. The security procedure had to be meticulously checked.

This process finished a day later.

On the 2nd of January 2140, Xu Tui personally sent Zhao Hailong and the others to Planet Peach. While everyone was still in shock, Xu Tui sent them to the Three-Talents Gathering Formation Cultivation Center.

The new three-talents energy gathering array cultivation center would be completed in a day or two. They would use the original one first.

It had only been less than half a day since the three-talents energy gathering array cultivation center was opened.

These new members who had just arrived were stunned! The trace of resentment and dissatisfaction that they had during the security check dissipated at this moment. Some people even felt that Xu Tui’s security checks should be a little harsher. The Spiritual Shackles should be stricter.

The cultivation effect here was six to seven times that of Mars! They would not have believed it if they had not experienced it for themselves. It was no exaggeration to say that the cultivation effect of this place would immediately cause a chaotic battle on the Blue Star as long as it spread.

Whoever managed to snatch such a place would be able to snatch a base that could continuously nurture powerful geniuses in the future.

It was the foundation of future domination! If they had known that they were going to cultivate here, they would have been willing to go through a security check that was ten times stricter.

“Ah Huang, set up a harsh cultivation system for them and arrange for sparring partners! Let Yan Lie and Old Wen, who are so bored, come and deal them a blow. I hope that their strength will increase exponentially in the shortest time possible. ”

“Don’t worry! They will definitely remember this place forever.” Ah Huang’s laughter was sinister.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief after he settled these people down. After this batch of people cultivated for about half a year, he would have at least a trustworthy controller on his few planets. He could slowly develop them.

Putting people first was not an empty promise.

Xu Tui also took advantage of this peace to begin his bitter cultivation. He cultivated with An Xiaoxue during the day and her with him at night. Of course, he also took a large amount of time to study the array formation.

What surprised Xu Tui was that after he provided the basic three-talents energy gathering array, Yanzi was constantly optimizing the three- talents energy gathering array, causing the effect of the three-talents energy gathering array to increase by nearly 15%.

This made Xu Tui look at Yanzi in a new light.

Xu Tui actually liked this kind of time, but it did not last long.

February 6, 2140. According to the Huaxia calendar, it should be New Year’s Eve, which is the Spring Festival.

On this day, Xu Tui also missed home and his parents. He really wanted to go home and take a look. He wanted to spend the New Year with his parents. However, he knew very well that if he returned now, he would only bring back danger.

Planetary realm!

Xu Tui’s goal was very clear. When his cultivation broke through to the Planetary realm, he would be able to return to the Blue Star without any worries. At that time, he would destroy anyone who dared to make things difficult for his family.

Xu Tui was not the only one who was homesick.

All the members from the Huaxia Sector were very homesick on this day.

Fortunately, because of the Mutual Assistance Agreement with the Huaxia Sector, the lack of resources on Planet Peach had been resolved. They had even grown fresh vegetables themselves.

It was not a problem to eat steaming dumplings. It was the kind that everyone had personally wrapped.

“Our Spiritual Race’s home planet also has this kind of food!” Yanzi was very excited as she ate the dumplings.

“You have it too?” Xu Tui happily swallowed a dumpling. He did not forget to give one to An Xiaoxue. He had a puzzled expression.

“Yes, there is. It just doesn’t taste too good…”

woo!

An ear-piercing alarm sounded at this moment. Everyone’s expressions changed drastically. They instantly looked around. Xu Tui also stood up the first moment. He looked into the distance. Could it be that an enemy had invaded Planet Peach?

Logically speaking, that should not be the case. The location of Planet Peach was extremely secretive.

Almost at the same time, Ah Huang’s mechanical voice sounded.

“Detected an unknown supernatural particle storm sweeping over at high speed! Please turn off all electronic devices immediately and enter the base to hide!

“Warning: An unknown supernatural particle storm has been detected and is sweeping over at high speed! Please turn off all electronic devices immediately and enter the base to hide!

“Warning, No. 1 Long-range Satellite of Planet Peach has been impacted by the super particle storm and has lost contact! Closing down No. 2 Satellite now. Lost contact with No. 2 Satellite because it was not turned off in time. No. 3 Satellite has been turned off. No. 4 Satellite is being turned off…”

Amidst the ear-piercing alarm, everyone immediately retreated into Peach Base. All the equipment on the Planet Peach entered a true hibernation state within three minutes.

In the base, Xu Tui was confused.

What had happened in the universe for such a large-scale super particle storm to happen?