Chapter 1300 - 1300: Gain And Departure

Chapter 1300: Gain and Departure

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

All the members of the Blue Star on Planet Kono, be it the higher-ups or the warriors participating in the battle, were in a state of confusion.

If not for the fact that the flames on the ground were still rising and that there were shattered corpses everywhere, everyone would have thought that the Muya Clan’s attack just now was a dream.

The attack that came was even more sudden.

Xu Tui was also in a daze. He focused his mind power on a point and tried his best to sense it, but he could not sense any profundity. The point that Xu Tui was sensing with all his might was the point where the Muyas had disappeared.

It was too strange.

After the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, gave the order to retreat, all the Muyas shouted, “The Holy Light of the Lord is everywhere”. Then, they crushed a holy token. The light on the single holy token was not strong. It could even be said to be very weak. Xu Tui could sense that the aura did not even belong to the Transmutation Realm.

However, the moment a large amount of holy light gathered on the holy token, the weak power from before instantly transformed into an indescribable power. In an instant, all the Muyas who had crushed their holy tokens on the Planet Kono battlefield disappeared.

Furthermore, they had all disappeared at the same point. It had to be known that there were hundreds of Muyas on the Planet Kono battlefield who were at the Transmutation Realm. They had instantly disappeared at a point.

Xu Tui chased after it with his mind power, but he did not discover any mysteries. Then, he immediately used his left eye. He wanted to use his left eye to investigate the reason why these guys had disappeared.

In the world of black and white, Xu Tui did not find the disappeared Muyas. However, the spot that disappeared was different.

He could only see that the spot that had disappeared was different. Xu Tui could vaguely sense a strange fluctuation. However, it had been too short a time. Other than that, he could not see any mysteries.

The Muyas completed the retreat in a way that the Blue Star humans did not understand at all.

This was too powerful. If the Muyas often carried out such an attack in the future and the attack went smoothly, it would be a success. If the attack did not go smoothly, it would be too terrifying to use this move to retreat.

They retreated quickly without any damage. They came and went without a trace.

Such a Muya was too terrifying!

The only fortunate thing was that the nine quasi-planetary experts of the Muya Clan who had been severely injured and captured previously, as well as the 20-odd Transmutation Realm experts of the Muya Clan, did not leave in this mysterious retreat method just now.

Otherwise, the Blue Star humans would really panic!

Such an enemy was too terrifying!

It was also at this moment that An Xiaoxue, who was fully armed and wearing a custom-made combat uniform, froze when she came over from the quantum teleportation channel on Planet Liuxia.

Before she came over, she had urgently stuffed a few more three-phase thermal bombs into the quantum teleportation channel. Under normal circumstances, the situation was extremely bad when the commander-in-chief of the extra-terrestrial of the Huaxia Sector, Wei Bin, asked them for help.

Where’s the enemy?

Flames were everywhere on Planet Kono. There were corpses and wails everywhere, but they did not find any enemies.

Two minutes.

There were three waves of people who came from Planet Liuxia. They were Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, Yan Lie, and An Xiaoxue.

Currently, the frequency of passage of the quantum teleportation channel that Xu Tui had created was one person per quasi-planetary. The interval between the passage of the quantum teleportation channel was about 50 to 60 seconds. It was a day for the Planetary realm.

Actually, Xu Tui had already dispersed the 72-point main supernova when he passed through.

This was also a change in Xu Tui after he broke through to the quasi-planetary realm.

Before this, Xu Tui’s mental body had already reached the strength of a quasi-planetary or even a planetary realm. When he passed through the quantum teleportation channel, he could disperse his mental body into a thick fog and successfully pass through.

However, he could not do it after breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm.

The primordial spirit condensed by the mental body could be dispersed through expansion to reduce the energy fluctuations. However, the 72-point main star could not be completely dispersed like before.

If it completely spread out like before, it would be equivalent to dissipating one’s cultivation. It could only spread out to a certain extent.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui could only barely suppress all of his power fluctuations to the quasi-planetary level. When he passed through the quantum teleportation channel, it would take about 60 seconds to stabilize. Fortunately, he had practiced this method before. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have been worried.

After Xu Tui had just broken through not long ago, he had tried it in the quantum teleportation channel between Planet Peach and Planet Liuxia.

He teleported through the quantum teleportation channel in his original state. Then, Xu Tui tragically realized that his power fluctuation had already reached the Planetary realm.

After passing through, it triggered fluctuations in the quantum teleportation channel. It took a full day for the quantum teleportation channel to stabilize.

However, this was normal.

Although Xu Tui only had a 72-point supernova and could be considered a quasi-planetary cultivation, this supernova was a supernova with five star halos. @@novelbin@@

Many Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses did not even have the five star halos.

It was also because of the characteristics of the quantum teleportation channel that Xu Tui arranged a battle plan as quickly as possible after receiving the request for help from the Huaxia Sector.

It was impossible for a Planetary realm to come directly.

On the contrary, Xu Tui’s subordinates, such as himself, Bu Qingqiu, Lavis, An Xiaoxue, and the others, had extraordinary strength. They all had the strength to fight a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not directly get the strongest Planetary realm powerhouse under him, Diwu Hui, to come over. Instead, he prepared to send four to six quasi-planetary experts to participate in the battle before a Planetary realm expert came.

After all, as long as a Planetary realm powerhouse passed through, the quantum teleportation channel would produce quantum fluctuations due to the energy fluctuations. Other than items without energy fluctuations, no one could pass through within a day.

However, no one expected the battle to end in just two minutes after Xu Tui arrived.

Of course, it was mainly because the Muyas had retreated too quickly.

“Xu Tui, the war is over. Do you need Diwu Hui to come over?” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

According to the custom of the pioneer raiders, Ah Huang would become the temporary commander-in-chief as long as there was a battle.

However, the temporary commander-in-chief, Ah Huang, prioritized Xu Tui’s orders.

“Don’t come over yet.”

Xu Tui thought for a moment and made a decision. His performance in the battle today was stunning enough. There was no need to pull Diwu Hui out to show off, although the existence of Diwu Hui was no longer a secret.

This sudden battle came and ended quickly.

However, in terms of ferocity, it was definitely the most tragic battle on the Blue Star in the past 30 years.

In this battle, during the short battle, five Planetary realm powerhouses withdrew from the battle. Three of them died tragically on the spot. Two Planetary realm powerhouses were seriously injured, and one of them was on the verge of death.

Other than that, a total of six quasi-planetary experts died on the spot, five were seriously injured, and nine Transmutation Realm experts died in battle. Many of them were affected by the attack of the human-headed golden pterodactyl, Darak.

However, the most severe losses were the people who had immigrated to Planet Kono.

Currently, it was still in the statistics, but from the looks of it, the losses were definitely heavy.

Looking down from the sky, the corpses of the Blue Star immigrants were everywhere.

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt that there was something wrong. When he looked up, Raymont was looking at him. Xu Tui raised his chin slightly. He locked his mind power onto it and provoked it. Raymont stared at Xu Tui. He instantly turned into a green light and landed on the ground of Planet Kono. He did not communicate with Xu Tui again.

Xu Tui sighed in his heart. What a sly old fox. The fighter jet among the hard coins. However, on the other hand, even if he was a sly old fox, Xu Tui had already thought of a way to deal with him.

Some things happened. It just happened.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, An Xiaoxue, and the others returned to the Huaxia Sector’s general base. They had a heavy heart along the way. This attack only took ten minutes, but it caused many casualties.

Currently, the casualties of the elites who had immigrated from the Huaxia Sector had exceeded 5,000. There were also many missing people. The red flames of the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, blasted down. Many genetic newcomers at the Mutation Realm who were directly sprayed turned to ashes.

The losses were really heavy!

Xu Tui first went to visit Wei Bin.

Wei Bin had already been placed in the treatment chamber. The huge hole in his chest and abdomen and the loss of his organs had severely injured him. Fortunately, Wei Bin was already a quasi-planetary. Otherwise, there was a high chance that he would not have survived these injuries.

“Xu Tui, on behalf of the Huaxia Sector, thank you!” Wei Bin immediately expressed his gratitude when he saw Xu Tui. Even though he was seriously injured, Wei Bin was still dealing with official matters.

Xu Tui did not treat Wei Bin after greeting him. All the information on an extra-terrestrial commander like Wei Bin was top-secret. It was not something that anyone could come into contact with.

“Lieutenant Wei, I’m afraid the Muya Clan won’t come again for the time being. However, I will be preparing for battle at all times. If you need anything, please inform me immediately.” Xu Tui made this matter clear.

In today’s battle, the 1–luaxia Sector had asked for help too late. If they had asked him for help a few minutes earlier, their losses might have been smaller.

“Okay!” Wei Bin nodded gently. “There are a lot of things to do after the battle.

I’ll talk to you in detail in a few days!”

“Alright. In that case, we’ll return to Planet Liuxia first. In addition, I’ve captured a total of nine quasi-planetary experts from the Muya Clan. I’ll leave one for you to do your research. As for the rest, I want to bring them all back to Planet Liuxia for research,” Xu Tui said directly. He had already considered some situations beforehand.

“Alright, alright. Thank you very much!”

Xu Tui was too honest. Wei Bin did not know what to say.

“Alright, I’ll leave first. I’ll come back in a few days.”

After greeting them, Xu Tui, who had just arrived a few minutes ago, left with An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, and the others. He was as fast as when he arrived. However, when he left, Xu Tui brought along eight more quasi-planetary captives of the Muya Clan.

This was Xu Tui’s gain from this battle.

Next, he would teach them a lesson!