Chapter 1903 The Condition Of Succession To The Longevity Emperor Of The South Pole (2)

1903  The Condition of Succession to the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole (2)

His mother was not the only one who was worried.

Now, the Blue Star would also choose to broadcast some of the battles in the extraterrestrial. The old couple knew very well that their child was going to fight to the death with the ferocious extraterrestrial invaders.

She did not dare to cry in front of him or stop him. However, after he left, she cried very hard.

"Should I go back and comfort Mom…" An Xiaoxue, who was in the sky, was a little anxious when she saw Zhang Xiuli crying so hard.

Xu Tui looked at his mother, who was crying in his father's arms. He resolutely turned around and pulled An Xiaoxue along. He stepped on a sword light and soared into the sky, flying straight to the Bajing Mountain Cemetery.

"We'll have to separate eventually. When the day comes when the alien species are destroyed and the Solar System and the Blue Star are completely safe, we'll be able to take a big vacation to accompany the two elders."

He offered a bouquet of wild flowers to Luo Shifeng, who had already turned into a tombstone, and lit three entire cigars. He accompanied Old Luo to drink a few bowls of wine and went to Shen Jiushuang's tomb to take a look. Then Xu Tui brought An Xiaoxue into an Aerospace Combat Jet and flew straight to the moon.

…

On the 8th of February 2142, at 5:28 p.m., this was the time of return that Xu Tui had specified for the members of the expeditionary army who returned home to visit their families. The flying speed of the physical bodies of the current members of the expeditionary army was faster than the Aerospace Combat Jet. They had flown over from the Blue Star themselves.

"Commander, all the members of the expeditionary army are here. They have gathered in advance." Cui Xi roared.

Xu Tui had set a gathering time of 6 p.m. The last to arrive were Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue. The others had arrived an hour earlier. The current expeditionary army was already elite.

"Let's go!"

The members of the expeditionary army stepped into the newly built quantum teleportation channel at the same time. Ten minutes later, they had already appeared on Planet Peach.

"Everyone, in three days, our expeditionary army will set off for the Heavenly Court's small universe again. Do you have any problems?" Xu Tui asked.

"No!"

There was no hesitation in all the answers.

"Alright. Before you fight, increase your strength. There are four Silver Boxes of Spirit for each of you."

As soon as these words were spoken, explosive cheers instantly rang out. Most people in the Worldly Expeditionary Force had seen the Silver Spirit Box before. At the very least, they had absorbed and refined one. For example, Yan Lie had absorbed and refined seven to eight of them, and Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao had also refined four to five of them. Whoever used this would know its effect.

Wen Xinglun and Jagren had never seen it before.

"This is the basic number of rewards. I'll reward two more for those who had contributed greatly to the expedition to the Spiritual Race's Star Field. Jagren, Principal Wen, Mu Xingluan, Zhao Hailong, the four of you will be rewarded with two more." Amidst the enthusiastic applause, these people obtained six Silver Boxes of Spirit.

"This Silver Spirit Box can greatly strengthen your mental bodies. After refining it, it can allow your strength to far exceed that of superb individuals of the same level. Therefore, everyone has to refine and absorb the Silver Box of Spirit and hand over the empty box within six hours."

Xu Tui had to ask them to convert such a treasure into strength in the shortest time possible. Otherwise, people like Wen Shao and Li Zheng, who wanted stability, might slowly refine and absorb it.

This was also Xu Tui's current principle. He had to use up a treasure that could increase his strength in a short period of time. Otherwise, what was the point of keeping it when he died in battle and the war failed?

Xu Tui had also left six for Tao Guan, who had already died in battle and turned into a mental body that was left in the body of the guard of the Heavenly Court, during this distribution. He deserved this. Other than that, he would reward Kitawan with two. Lang Xu and the others would each receive one.

"Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, this is the Silver Box of Spirit rewarded by our entire team. Four for each person."

Ullr was stunned when Xu Tui arrived in front of him.

"Four at once? Four for each person?" Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo looked at the four Silver Boxes of Spirit that Xu Tui handed over with shocked expressions.

"Yes, everyone has it. Those who made contributions previously, such as Zhao Hailong, were rewarded six."

"Zhao Hailong actually took six!"

Ullr was stunned again. He suddenly felt a little uncomfortable. Back then, he had traded with the Spiritual Race and sold so many resources and information to obtain a total of five Silver Spirit Boxes. But now, Xu Tui had rewarded him with four in one go. It was really…

But he still had some knowledge.

No matter how many bad things Ullr had done in the past, Xu Tui would settle the score with him in the future. However, Ullr had also made contribution points during this expedition to the Spiritual Race's Star Field. This reward could not be lacking. Including Ruan Tianzuo. If it was too little, it might force them to rebel in the future.

In the two days that Xu Tui had been away from Ceres Star, Cai Shaochu, Shang Long, and Erera had completed the plan to temper the origin power of the four origin palaces in their bodies at the same time.

Shang Long had gained the least. According to him, the increase in the power of his Sword Dao was very limited, but it was also something else. It might be easier to improve in the future.

The one who improved the most was Erera.

The Fire Origin Energy was too compatible with Erera. Not only did her cultivation level surge from the mid-stage of the Eight Satellites to the late-stage of the Eight Satellites Planetary realm, but her combat strength was also similar to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Shang Long had said that there was already the power of the Dao on Erera's main planet. As long as she accumulated enough, Erera would definitely be able to reach the Nine Satellites in a short period of time.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1