Chapter 1908: The Source Of The Heavenly Court’S Guards And Their Death(3)

Chapter 1908: The Source of the Heavenly Court’s Guards and Their Death(3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Shoot. ”

“2,800 years ago, during the hundred years when I became the commander, there were endless battles. Many Heavenly Court guards died in battle under my command. At most, more than 3,000 warriors under me died in battle and suffered heavy losses.

“However, as long as we return to the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the Heavenly Gate guards who are replenishing their losses will arrive at the various Heavenly Gate camps in three days at most. They will let us replenish our troops in the shortest time possible,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

“What about now?”

“None. There were casualties in the beginning. It’s been a few days, but the Heavenly Court guards who replenished their troops did not appear,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

Xu Tui glanced at Dongyu Jiajiu. He already understood what he meant.

Dongyu Jiajiu was very clear about the background of the guards of the Heavenly Court. In the beginning, it was mass-produced by the ancient Heavenly Court.

Therefore, in every battle, they would be asked to collect the corpses of those who had died in battle and hand them over to the military to deal with after the battle. At the same time, they could quickly replenish their soldiers. However, after the ancient Heavenly Court was sealed, there was a problem with this replenishment channel or organization.

Dongyu Jiajiu hoped that Xu Tui, who had the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, could solve this problem. If he could really solve this problem, the probability of defending the small universe of the Heavenly Court would increase exponentially.

Of course, according to his feedback, Dongyu Jiajiu still had many thoughts.

For example, Dongyu Jiajiu already understood that although the contribution points book of the Heavenly Court was still operating automatically, he would not be promoted to a great commander.

For example, he himself. Including the battle merits he had accumulated before the small universe of the Heavenly Court was sealed, coupled with the micro contribution points he had accumulated over the past 2,800 years, his current contribution points in the contribution point book could already be transferred.

However, his promotion never came.

Dongyu Jiajiu attributed all of this to a problem in the Heavenly Court. Then, the current Xu Tui was the most likely candidate to solve this problem.

Of course, Dongyu Jiajiu had his own ambitions. The garrison of the Heavenly Court had not fought in 2,800 years. Very few people could be promoted to a great commander with their daily contributions.

If Xu Tui could solve this problem, he would be the first to become the great commander of the Heavenly Court’s guards. Furthermore, he would be the most experienced and prestigious one. In the future, he would even become the Marshal of the Heavenly Gate Guards in the east. At that time, he would really be a lord.

This was actually Dongyu Jiajiu’s dream.

Of course, Xu Tui had heard this with his mind reading. Dongyu Jiajiu did not say it out loud.

However, his mind reading had repeatedly heard of something—the Connate Soul Pearl. After advancing to the great commander, he would be able to obtain at least 10 Connate Soul Pearls. At that time, his cultivation and combat strength would definitely increase greatly.

“What are the rewards if you are promoted to the great commander?” Xu Tui did not ask the Connate Soul Pearl directly. Instead, he changed his words. After all, it would be too terrifying if others knew about his mind reading.

“If I can be promoted to the great commander,” A look of longing appeared in the eyes of the nine people of Dongyu Jia. “At that time, I will be more free. With the status of a great commander, I could enter and leave most of the areas of the Heavenly Court at will. I could also report and leave this place to take a look. It’s not like the position of commander where you are not allowed to leave the base.”

“What else?”

“There’s naturally no need to mention the other military rights and custom-made armor. The most important thing is the Connate Soul Pearl. Only by obtaining the reward of the Connate Soul Pearl can we truly advance. Only then can my combat strength and strength increase quickly in a short period of time.

“If I haven’t broken through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm within a year, I can also apply for enlightenment to break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

Xu Tui grasped the keywvord ‘enlightenment’ again. It was a way to break through the Nine Satellites among the guards of the Heavenly Court. It was a passive breakthrough. Of course, his combat strength was a little weaker than when he took the initiative to break through to the Nine Satellites.

“What is a Connate Soul Pearl?”

It was fine if Xu Tui did not ask this question, but when he did, Dongyu Jiajiu was stunned. “Sir, you don’t know? Sir, you don’t even know about the Connate Soul Pearl?”

Dongyu Jiajiu looked extremely shocked. He knew that Dongyu Jiajiu was very disappointed that Xu Tui did not even know what the Connate Soul Pearl was. How could someone who did not even know about the Connate Soul Pearl solve the problem that was troublinz them, be it the soldier replenishment or the promotion to the military rank?

In an instant, Dongyu Jiajiu was very disappointed. He was even wondering how an idiot like Xu Tui had obtained the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

That’s right. Dongyu Jiu instantly thought that Xu Tui, who did not know about the Connate Soul Pearl, was an idiot.

Xu Tui could not help but feel angry when he heard those words. He had the urge to crush this guy into a discus. There were many people who scolded him, Xu Tui, in all kinds of ways. However, Dongyu Jiajiu was the first to call him an idiot.

“What exactly is a Connate Soul Pearl?” Xu Tui asked again.

At this moment, Dongyu Jiajiu was not only disappointed, but he also lost hope. Without hope, he no longer had any thoughts. In an instant, Dongyu Jiajiu actually had the intention of dying. It had been 2,800 years. There was definitely a huge problem with the Heavenly Court. He had finally found hope. He did not expect him to be an idiot who did not know anything.

Despair rose!

The veins on Xu Tui’s forehead bulged. He really wanted to hammer this idiot, Dongyu Jiajiu, now.

Fortunately, Xu Tui’s question triggered Dongyu Jiajiu’s thoughts. Although Dongyu Jiajiu did not say anything, information about the Connate Soul Pearl appeared in Dongyu Jiajiu’s mind. Then, it was successfully captured by Xu Tui’s mind reading.

In an instant, Xu Tui really planned to hammer Dongyu Jiajiu.

The Connate Soul Pearl was actually a box.

From the captain onwards, guards like Dongyu Jiajiu would receive one to several different Connate Soul Pearls as long as they were promoted to the military rank. This was the most important reward.

When a captain was promoted to a colonel, he would be rewarded with a Connate Soul Pearl. When a colonel was promoted to a deputy general, he would be rewarded with three Connate Soul Pearls. When a deputy general was promoted to a commander, he would be rewarded with six Connate Soul Pearls. When a commander was promoted to a great commander, he would be rewarded with at least ten Connate Soul Pearls.

What surprised Xu Tui the most was the memory that appeared in Dongyu Jiajiu’s mind. The Connate Soul Pearl was in the shape of a box. It looked a little similar to the Silver Spirit Box.

However, this feeling in his heart was a little empty. Xu Tui could not be sure if the Connate Soul Pearl that Dongyu Jiajiu was talking about was the Silver Spirit Box.

Xu Tui felt that there was a high chance that it was. He immediately took out a Silver Spirit Box.

“Jiajiu, this is the Connate Soul Pearl you mentioned, right?” Xu Tui skipped the word commander. It was better to call him by his name. This was what Xu Tui had learned from Dongyu Jiu.

In the next moment, Dongyu Jiajiu was stunned. The humanoid’s eyes suddenly widened. Even his voice stuttered. “Sir, where… where did you get the Connate Soul Pearl? Was it an empty Connate Soul Pearl that had not been refined? This is a treasure that is definitely controlled. Sir…”

“You’re not calling me an idiot now, but Sir?” Xu Tui glared at Dongyu Jiajiu. He instantly shocked Dongyu Jiajiu. He was clearly cursing in his heart. How did this Lord Idiot in front of him know?

“You still dare to call me an idiot?”

The information he got from his mind reading allowed Xu Tui to attack Dongyu Jiajiu. He condensed a small mountain shadow and hammered Dongyu Jiajiu. Dongyu Jiajiu screamed in pain. In fact, the damage was not that great. It just looked a little miserable.

“Who asked you to scold me? Who asked you to scold me again!”

“I won’t dare to do it again. I won’t dare to do it again!” With hope, Dongyu Jiajiu became lively again.

Xu Tui, who had beaten up Dongyu Jiajiu, had a refreshed expression. He displayed 20 Silver Spirit Boxes, which were the Connate Soul Pearls that Dongyu Jiajiu had mentioned. “I have a lot of these in my hands.”

In the next moment, Dongyu Jiajiu knelt on one knee toward Xu Tui. “I, Dongyu Jiajiu, am willing to die for you, Sir!”

“Die for me?”

“As long as you hold the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, I can die for you!” Dongyu Jiajiu added a condition..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1