Chapter 1904: The Condition Of Succession To The Longevity Emperor Of The South Pole (3)

Chapter 1904: The Condition of Succession to the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Cai Shaochu’s improvement was a little smaller than Erera’s. His Planetary realm did not increase, but his strength had increased greatly.

When they parted ways, Xu Tui gave the three of them 12 Silver Spirit Boxes each. The three of them did not refuse. They knew very well that every time their strength increased, they would be able to contribute more to the Blue Star.

At this point, most of the 297 Silver Spirit Boxes that Xu Tui had just obtained had dissipated.

There were a total of 33 members in the Blue Star Expeditionary Force, including Tao Guan. Excluding Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, they had distributed 132 Silver Boxes of Spirit. In addition, they had given them to Kitawan, Erera, Cai Shaochu, Shang Long, and Xu Tui himself.

During the flight to the moon and the wait for the cooldown of the quantum teleportation channel, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue used another 16 and 12 Silver Spirit Boxes respectively.

Xu Tui had already consumed 210 of the Silver Boxes of Spirit. He still had 59. His improvement was not too obvious at the moment, but An Xiaoxue’s improvement was too obvious. The ability of Dimensional Rupture had increased from 1.5 square meters to 3 square meters. Its power had almost doubled.

“Ah Huang, pass down the order. Ruan Tianzuo, Qu Qlngshan, Wen Shao,

Ganjiv, and the others, refine and comprehend the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace one after another. Miao Huanshan, Augustus, and the others, will also comprehend the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace. Members of the expeditionary army have the first priority .

“Lieutenant Wei, the Blue Star forces I ordered you to gather have been completed, right?”

“They’ve already gathered. A total of 89 supernatural beings from the Three Satellites Planetary realm and above, as well as the Two Satellites Planetary realms who have more than two thousand meters of combat range, have gathered,” Wei Bin replied.

“Continue the training of the group battle. Invest all of the quasi-planetary experts into the various origin palaces to cultivate. I need more Planetary realm experts.”

“Understood.”

After giving his instructions, Xu Tui, who was about to separate from An

Xiaoxue, suddenly felt a powerful fluctuation of power coming from his waist. He lowered his head and saw that Tri Ling Ding was rapidly reproducing.

In less than ten minutes, Tri Ling Ding reproduced a high-level colony for Xu Tui.

“I thought you had forgotten.” Xu Tui looked at the high -level colony in front of him and sneered.

“How can that be? I’ve always remembered it in my heart. I only accumulated enough power today.” Tri Ling Ding’s weak voice sounded.

“I think it’s because you saw a large number of Silver Boxes of Spirit!”

“Oh, heavens, even if there are none, I will reproduce them for you, Master.” Tri Ling Ding cried out.

“At least you know your place.”

Xu Tui gave Tri Ling Ding five silver boxes of Spirit and 100,000 grams of Origin Crystals to replenish his losses. He also handed the newly-made high-level colony to Wei Bin.

An Xiaoxue was still holding the intermediate colony from before. With his tacit understanding with An Xiaoxue, they could quickly communicate with even intermediate colonies. If that was the case, as long as Xu Tui brought Tri Ling Ding along, he would be able to form an unobstructed communication circle.

Wei Bin, Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and An Xiaoxue.

This way, he would have basic ultra-long-range communication without delay. His ability to deal with accidents in the future would be stronger.

“Xiaoxue, I’ll go to the small universe of the Heavenly Court to investigate the situation first. Wait for my orders and be prepared to support the small universe at any time, ” Xu Tui said.

“Understood. ”

Three minutes later, Xu Tui disappeared from the Heavenly Gate Vortex Tunnel in the south of the small universe.

An Xiaoxue gave the order to the four supernatural beings of the Earth, Water,

Wind, and Fire Planetary realms in the expeditionary army to head to the four Origin Palaces one after another to comprehend and refine the four origin powers and increase the strength of the expeditionary army as much as possible.

“Lieutenant Wei, please give the next order. Send all wind-type and lightning-type supernatural beings on and off the Blue Star to Planet Peach after the political review. We have to focus on nurturing these people quickly.” An Xiaoxue continued to implement Xu Tui’s will.

Wind-type and lightning-type supernatural beings were known for their speed. Furthermore, their attacks were extremely sharp. If they could form a certain number of them, they would definitely be a great killing weapon on the battlefield.

In the world of martial arts, speed was the only thing that could not be broken. It was also suitable here.

In just a few minutes, Xu Tui arrived at the Heavenly Gate in the south of the small universe. The garrison of the Southern Heavenly Gate did not decrease greatly. It had only decreased by three divisions, which was 30,000 people. Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief.

These were reinforcements sent by the Southern Heavenly Gate Army to the other three Heavenly Gates.

The three Heavenly Gates should not have encountered an extreme attack.

Otherwise, there would not be many people guarding the Southern Heavenly Gate, as most of them should have gone to provide support.

Therefore, Xu Tui first made a trip to the Shenxiao Prefecture, which was also the residence of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Xu Tui had extravagant hopes for this.

After all, the refinement progress of his South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal had already reached the limit of 99-9%. He was just a little bit away from becoming the South Pole Longevity Emperor of the ancient Heavenly Court.

The Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was one of the six emperors.

If Xu Tui succeeded the throne of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and became one of the six rulers of the Heavenly Court, he would be the true Heavenly Emperor of the ancient Heavenly Court without the other six rulers around.

At that time, he would be able to easily integrate all the forces of the ancient Heavenly Court to defend and even counterattack. They could even gather all their strength to attack the alliance army of the three races one by one.

That way, the difficulty of defending the small universe of the Heavenly Court would be greatly reduced.

Not to mention anything else, there were many oracles guarding the residences of the various Star Lords. All of them were in the Five Satellites Planetary realm. If these were gathered, they would be a very powerful force.

Other than that, Xu Tui guessed that if he succeeded the throne as the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, would he be able to mobilize the killing formation of the Heavenly Court’s small universe to kill the enemy?

According to Little Six, the small universe of the Heavenly Court had a terrifying killing formation.

In short, there were too many benefits if Xu Tui completely refined the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

When Xu Tui arrived at the Shenxiao Prefecture, the door had already been opened. However, nothing strange happened when he placed the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole outside his body.

It was different from other seals.

As long as he refined the other seals to 99% and returned to the corresponding Star Lord’s residence or Star Official’s residence, he would be able to achieve the Deity Position and obtain the corresponding increase in strength.

However, he could not do that with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

After studying it for a while, Xu Tui asked Little Six when there were no changes to the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, which had a 99-9% refinement progress.

“Little Six, do you know why? Why can’t I completely refine the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole?” Xu Tui asked.

“Becoming the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole is not something that can be achieved with just a seal.”

“What else do I need?”

“The Shenxiao Jade Crown and the Shenxiao Golden Book. Only by gathering these three things can you succeed the throne of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.” “Where are the other two things?”

“I don’t know.”

Xu Tui:

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui could only temporarily give up on this idea.

He had no choice but to leave and head straight tor the Heavenly Gate City Pass in the eastern part of the small universe.

The Spiritual Race was the main attacker at the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. Xu Tui wanted to see what was going on with the Spiritual Race who were attacking the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

Xu Tui was shocked by the changes when he arrived..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1