Chapter 1906: The Source Of The Heavenly Court’S Guards And Their Death (1)

Chapter 1906: The Source of the Heavenly Court’s Guards and Their Death (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had come to the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass with Dongyu Jiajiu. Otherwise, he might not have been able to quickly understand the situation.

Whether it was the seal of the Star Lord Ji Shui or the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, which had only reached 99% of the refinement progress, they did not have command and jurisdiction over the garrison of the four Heavenly Gates.

If they were in awe, they would give Xu Tui some face. If they were not in awe, they would not care about him. The importance of qualifications was displayed when he brought Dongyu Jiajiu to the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass.

The situation of the garrison at the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass was just like the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. The commanders and marshals were nowhere to be found. There were 35 commanders in charge of the army. Currently, there are only 34.

Among the 34 surviving commanders of the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass, the most prestigious was called Xiyu Yiba.

He could be considered an experienced commander of the Heavenly Court’s guards. He was nearly a generation inferior to Dongyu Jiajiu. Therefore, it was very easy for Dongyu Jiajiu to talk to him.

When he introduced Xu Tui, he immediately introduced him as the special envoy of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Then, he officially asked Xu Tui to show the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole as a token.

This time, he got Xiyu Yiba to pay his respects. Then, Xiyu Yiba called the other

33 commanders of the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass over. When they saw Xu Tui, the special envoy, they instantly gave Xu Tui a certain level of command over the Western Heavenly Gate garrison.

This made Xu Tui look at Dongyu Jiajiu in a new light. This guy looked like a mass-produced defense puppet, but he was very resourceful. He was not ordinary.

Soon, Xu Tui had a detailed understanding of the situation in the Western Heavenly Gate. Under the Western Heavenly Gate fortress was the Muya army. There were clearly more troops gathered here by the Muyas. They were dark and endless.

Even Xu Tui could not count how many armies the Muyas had gathered here with his Heavenly Eye. However, what was certain was that there were definitely more of them than the Spiritual Race.

Currently, the 36 commanders of the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass had lost a total of 20,000 people. Almost 10% of them had died. One of the commanders had even been killed at the city pass. The army under him had been crippled.

This was also the reason why there were only 34 commanders. One of them had already died in battle.

This shocked Xu Tui.

Were the Muyas that ferocious? After a detailed understanding, Xu Tui could no longer remain calm.

More than 20,000 of the defending army of the Western Heavenly Gate had died in battle, but the losses of the Muyas were very small. Less than 10,000 people had died in battle, and most of them were cannon fodder.

The reason was still tactics. It was a military tactic.

The Heavenly Court’s defense army had a series of extremely strict military rules. One of them was that if there were any enemies within 20 miles, they had to release scouts to investigate the enemy’s situation and annihilate them.

This military regulation was the combat regulations of the Heavenly Court’s defense army. The Marshal and the Commander could make adjustments according to the situation of the battle.

In other words, under this battle guidance regulation, only the Marshal and the Commander could fight with their own will. Below the Marshal and the Commander, they had to follow this battle guidance regulation.

Of course, this battle regulation was not a death order. Instead, it was a combat guidance plan under the passive mode. If there was no valid reason, it had to be implemented according to this regulation.

The Muyas had used this rule to kill the garrison of the Heavenly Gate in the west. An extremely fast group of elites walked around the Western Heavenly Gate Pass. According to the regulations, the army on duty would attack and investigate.

The Muyas were using this to continuously lure and kill the Heavenly Court’s defense army, weakening the number of guards.

The reason why this rule was still in effect was that the contribution points book of the ancient Heavenly Court that targeted the guards of the Heavenly Court was still in operation.

Anyone who accumulated contribution points could be promoted to a military position and status, or even break through their current military position. No one was willing to accept being punished and reduced in contribution points.

This was especially so after 3,000 years. Many commanders were not far from being promoted to the position of great commander by relying on the accumulation of minor contributions such as time and rotation.

At this moment, no one was willing to be punished for reducing their contribution points. They even wanted to accumulate contribution points quickly. Perhaps they would be able to advance to the rank of great commander after they had enough contribution points?

The Muyas used this condition to annihilate more than 20,000 Heavenly Gate guards in the west.

On the contrary, with Tao Guan’s reminder, Dongyu Jiajiu, who was experienced, suppressed the matter of attacking and did not affect the Eastern Heavenly Gate much.

“Defend to the death. You must not take the initiative to attack again without my orders,” Xu Tui ordered.

“We will follow the orders of the special envoy.” At this moment, Xiyu Yiba treated Xu Tui, the special envoy, as a straw to clutch at. After all, the situation in the Western Heavenly Gate was more dangerous.

“Is the seal of the commander who died in battle still around?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes.”

“Then I’ll leave a subordinate behind to control this army and use it as a communication device. If there’s an emergency, you can contact me immediately and help you resist these foreign invaders,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, yes.”

The seal was the first to lead a military position at this level. Then, to lead a military position at this level, one had to have the body of a guard of the Heavenly Court to refine it.

Non-guards of the Heavenly Court could not refine the commander’s military seal. With the deterrence of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole, Kitawan completed the refinement of the commander’s seal in the shortest time possible..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1