Chapter 1909: The Great Xi Clan’S Corpse Collection And The Hammer Killing (1)

Chapter 1909: The Great Xi Clan’s Corpse Collection and the Hammer Killing (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There was a condition for Dongyu Jiajiu’s loyalty. The condition was that Xu Tui had to hold the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

However, Xu Tui understood this very well.

The foundation of Dongyu Jiajiu and the other guards of the Heavenly Court was their loyalty to the ancient Heavenly Court. If Xu Tui held the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, it meant that Xu Tui might be the master of the ancient Heavenly Court. Their loyalty was within the rules.

If not for the rules that the ancient Heavenly Court had imposed on their bodies, they might have been easily destroyed.

Xu Tui understood the rules that existed in the bodies of the guards of the Heavenly Court. They were a procedural death or a death procedure. As long as a certain condition was met, this death program would be triggered and he would die on the spot.

Ever since he learned about the guards of the Heavenly Court from Little Six and obtained the information inside through the seals of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the other seals, as well as the various fragmented information he obtained from Dongyu Jiajiu and the others, Xu Tui made a shocking discovery.

These Heavenly Court guards might have been powerful robots produced by a high-precision production line. Moreover, such a production line might be more than ten times more brilliant than the robot manufacturers that Blue Star currently had.

Putting everything else aside, Xu Tui had gathered the quantum intelligence technology of the Blue Star, the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Spiritual Race, and a portion of the Great Xi Clan. The third generation of intelligent robots produced by the autonomous production line could be said to be the most advanced robot on the Blue Star.

If they changed to the supporting facilities, they would be construction workers. If they were equipped with arms, they would be armed robots. If they were sent into a fighter jet, they would be onboard robots. It could be said that they were ever-changing.

However, the core of it was to rely on intelligent programs that could learn on their own to complete their daily work.

This intelligent program that could learn on its own had millions of basic programs that Ah Huang had gathered and set up. It told these robots what to do under certain circumstances.

However, what about the robots of the ancient Heavenly Court? They had mental bodies and comprehension. They were exactly the same as the Blue Star humans. After removing the metal shell, the officers above the captain level among the Heavenly Court guards were not much different from the Blue Star humans.

They had emotions, the ability to make autonomous judgments, the ability to learn on their own, and the ability to execute the rules very well. Under certain conditions, it could continuously evolve. Such a robot could be said to be perfect.

However, Xu Tui’s robots were only robots that were loaded with a large number of programs. Based on the current situation, it was impossible for him to develop feelings and a spirit.

This was a technologically insurmountable gap. This gap made the difference between the robot technology of the ancient Heavenly Court and the robot technology of the Blue Star.

Ah Huang was a special case. The difference between Ah Huang and the guards of the Heavenly Court was a little like the difference between a concept car and a mass-produced car. So far, Xu Tui had not completely figured out the process of Ah Huang producing a spirit. He did not have the confidence to replicate it.

In the beginning, the formation of a spirit was related to the red fire slip. Later on, after obtaining the Silver Spirit Box, Ah Huang’s spirit gradually strengthened.

In terms of cultivation, Ah Huang had been running with Xu Tui for so long and was already at the Planetary realm. However, Ah Huang did not have a suitable body to unleash its combat strength.

Xu Tui had thought of injecting Ah Huang into a Heavenly Court guard. But Ah Huang was too important now. Would there be any unknown rules in the bodies of the guards produced by the ancient Heavenly Court?

Once it was triggered, they would suffer a huge loss.

Therefore, for the time being, Ah Huang only had a Planetary realm cultivation, but in essence, it was still an expert from the data world.

Moreover, Shang Long and Cheng Fengxi’s warning had reminded Xu Tui not to store the most important thing on top-notch quantum artificial intelligence.

This question made Xu Tui compare the Great Xi Clan. It was very easy for him to conclude that the earliest batch of people in the Great Xi Clan might have betrayed and split from the guards of the Heavenly Court back then.

According to the strength of the ancient Heavenly Court’s control over the robot army guarding the Heavenly Court, under normal circumstances, they would not be able to betray the ancient Heavenly Court.

Look at Dongyu Jiajiu and the others. They had been sealed for 2,800 years in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, but they could only be loyal to the ancient Heavenly Court. It was obvious how powerful the rules were.

However, traitors appeared among the guards of the Heavenly Court. Then how did the original Great Xi Clan betray them? Or rather, which loophole of the rules of the ancient Heavenly Court had they used to betray it?

Xu Tui was very curious. He felt that there were too many secrets in the ancient Heavenly Court. What was even more shocking was that according to the top-secret historical information discovered in the Blue Star’s internal research, robots like the guards of the Heavenly Court or the Great Xi Clan had appeared on the Blue Star for a long time.

Currently, the most commonly circulated civilization was the Atlantean ancient civilization. Some of the underwater ruins excavated by the Blue Star pointed straight to Atlantis, which was also known as the Great Xi Nation. It resonated with the Great Xi Clan.

Xu Tui really wanted to know. Did they appear on the Blue Star as a guard of the Heavenly Court back then? Or did they appear as a foreign invader from the Great Xi Clan? If it was the former, it might be easier to understand. If it was the latter, there would be more enigma..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1