Chapter 1907: The Source Of The Heavenly Court’S Guards And Their Death (2)

Chapter 1907: The Source of the Heavenly Court’s Guards and Their Death (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Unfortunately, be it Kitawan or Tao Guan, they both used the bodies of the Heavenly Court guards of the Seven Satellites. They were still a distance away from being the true commander of the Eight Satellites. If they wanted to completely take over an army, they would have to rely on the help of people like Xi Yu.

Moreover, even if he became a commander, he would be ranked the lowest.

However, that was the only way for now. After arranging all of this, Xu Tui left Kitawan behind to assist Xiyu Yiba. He then brought Dongyu Jiajiu straight to the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

“Commander Jiajiu, how many years have you been in the ancient Heavenly Court?” Xu Tui started chatting with Dongyu Jiajiu on the way to the northern Heavenly Gate City Pass.

Xu Tui was not very interested in mass-producing puppet-like commanders like Dongyu Jiajiu. He just suddenly realized that perhaps the ancient Heavenly Court had mass-produced guards like Dongyu Jiajiu when they first created them.

However, after countless years of evolution, Dongyu Jiajiu had already completed its transformation, or rather, evolution. Just like Ah Huang, they were already people who had the ability to think and solve problems on their own. Xu Tui had to look at them differently.

“How many years has it been?”

Dongyu Jiajiu revealed a reminiscent expression. “It’s been 3,000 years since I became Dongyu Jiajiu. It’s been too long. I can’t even count it. The past 2,800 years have been very boring.”

2,800 years. This number was a key point. The ancient Heavenly Court had undergone an upheaval and had been sealed for 2,800 years.

“Before I became Dongyu Jiajiu, I changed a few names. Dongyu Ding 77, Donghong Yi 63, and Donghuang Jia14. Each name is about 60 years. I can’t remember anything before that,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

“You can’t remember?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled.

“Actually, we guards of the Heavenly Court are all confused before we obtain an official name. Only after we are given a name will we be completely awakened and have true memories. As for our memories before we were given a name, I’m afraid only the top-secret files of the Heavenly Court’s military headquarters might have them,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

Xu Tui finally understood what Dongyu Jiajiu meant. The guards of the

Heavenly Court should have been mass-produced by the ancient Heavenly Court, be it their physical or mental bodies. Before he was given a name, he was a little confused. He would only have memories after he accumulated merits and was given a name.

Only elites above the captain level of the guards of the Heavenly Court would have memories.

“By the way, do you know where you came from in the beginning?” Xu Tui asked.

Dongyu Jiu glanced at Xu Tui and suddenly said, “You’re not the special envoy of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, right?”

Xu Tui was stunned. He did not understand where he had revealed a flaw that Dongyu Jiajiu had seen through. He was even a little angry that his identity had been seen through by a robot NPC.

Why did he say that?

In Xu Tui’s opinion, the Muyas had used that rule to continuously lure and kill the guards of the Heavenly Gate in the west. It was just like how players dealt with game NPCs. They were using the known rules of the game.

The commander-in-chief of the Muyas was very familiar with the rules and regulations of the Heavenly Court’s defense army.

“The hierarchy in the Heavenly Court is strict! If you are really the special envoy of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, you are the number one person under the six rulers. In our opinion, you are the eternal sun, and we are the dust on the ground. Life and death were up to the Lord. Calling us commander is something that only our subordinates would do,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

Xu Tui finally understood what had gone wrong. He had used his modern identity to substitute the so-called special envoy. The strict hierarchy in the

ancient Heavenly Court could be completely displayed.

Was he too gentle? It seemed that he was a little more domineering. Just as Xu Tui was thinking this, Dongyu Jiajiu suddenly said, “Sir, you can actually be more domineering. You are the true special envoy when you did not treat us guards of the Heavenly Court as humans and casually kill us.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He looked at Dongyu Jiajiu with flickering eyes. “Why did you do that?”

Xu Tui did not wait for Dongyu Jiajiu to say anything. His psychic mind reading had already told him the answer. Dongyu Jiajiu did not think that Xu Tui was a special envoy, but the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was real.

No one had been seen in the ancient Heavenly Court for 2,800 years. Dongyu Jiajiu was certain that there was a problem. The various Heavenly Gate military camps were constantly providing them with power. They were immortal.

If he was in a confused state, time would pass. However, Dongyu Jiajiu was the most experienced and human-like existence. The lonely and repetitive years could drive a normal person crazy.

According to Dongyu Jiajiu’s thoughts, the commander from the Western Heavenly Gate who had died in battle might have had such thoughts. Instead of repeating those lonely years, it was better to fight a vigorous battle. Life and death were up to the heavens. Death might be another form of relief.

On the other hand, Xu Tui had the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Although he was not a true envoy, Dongyu Jiajiu felt that Xu Tui could bring them hope, be it for the sake of survival or freedom. That was why he had such thoughts.

This was what Xu Tui had heard through his mind reading. Dongyu Jiajiu’s words were similar to this. There were no schemes or schemes. Xu Tui was relieved.

“I don’t know where we came from, but I can tell you something, ” Dongyu Jiajiu said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1