Chapter 1905: Huge Battle Loss

Chapter 1905: Huge Battle Loss

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Hundreds of five-colored towers were erected nine kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate. According to the color, the five-colored tower should be the distribution of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. It should be some kind of array.

Behind the five-colored tower was a movable battle fortress. At this moment, the five-colored light of the five-colored tower projected on the movable battle fortress outside. An extremely thick energy screen immediately rose.

This mobile battle fortress was curved in a streamline like a semicircle. It was more than two meters thick, ten meters tall, and 60 meters wide. Dozens of pillars extended diagonally from both sides to the ground. When needed, they could be firmly nailed to the ground. Just looking at them gave people an indescribable weight.

“Why did they move to nine kilometers below the East Gate? Didn’t they attack?” Xu Tui asked with a frown.

Tao Guan, who had already become the commander of an army of Heavenly Court guards at the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass, had already pulled Dongyu Jiajiu and appeared in front of Xu Tui.

In the military, no matter where one was, it was a place that emphasized qualifications and strength. Although Tao Guan had just become a commander, he did not have much prestige among the garrison of the Eastern Heavenly

Gate.

The one with the highest prestige was naturally Dongyu Jiajiu.

Xu Tui now had a basic understanding of the name of the Heavenly Defense Army. It was purely a serial name. Below the Planetary realm, there were only numerical sequences. Those above the Planetary realm had such a programmatic name.

Dong represented the army. For example, Dongyu Jiajiu belonged to the Eastern Heavenly Gate. For the Western Heavenly Gate, it would be Xi.

As for the second word ‘Yu’, it was taken from the words ‘Tian, Di, Xuan, Huang, Yu, Zhou, Hong, Liu’. It indicated the current position and basic strength level of the guards of the Heavenly Court.

The current information about the military commander of the ancient Heavenly Court was that he was the Pagoda-Bearing Heavenly King. Xu Tui did not know if his surname was Li, but the commander-in-chief of the various armies was indeed a Heavenly King.

The first word, Tian, was only for the Heavenly King. No one in the defense sequence of the Heavenly Court could use it.

The word, Di, was also a symbolic decoration. Heaven and earth were revered. It was not nonsense.

According to much information Xu Tui had obtained, when the ancient Heavenly Court was still around, they would give a name to a guard of the Heavenly Court who had contributed greatly as a form of honor.

However, very few people obtained it.

Among the guards of the Heavenly Court, the highest-ranking soldier in a garrison was a Marshal. If a Marshal came from the Heavenly Court’s guard

sequence. the one in the east would be called Dongxuan. and the one in the

west would be called Xixuan. If not, it would be his real name.

Below the Marshal was the Great Commander, with the name Huang, such as Donghuang, Xihuang, and so on.

The commander of the next level is named Yu. The deputy general would be Zhou, and colonel would be Hong, and captains and below would be Liu.

The rest were all numbers.

The last two names, Jiajiu, which was A9, were a little like seniority and strength.

Only the strongest batch of commanders had a chance of advancing to the A-rank, or the more ancient batch of commanders. In any case, among the 34 commanders of the Eastern Heavenly Gate, Dongyu Jiajiu was ranked the highest. Below him, there was no ‘Jia’.

For example, while Tao Guan was in charge of an army, he also obtained a numbered name, Dongyu Ding 17.

Among the 36 commanders, it meant that he was the weakest and least qualified one. This information was quite useful for Xu Tui to understand the power of the other Heavenly Gates.

It was very convenient to know the general situation just by the name. From this point of view, the ancient Heavenly Court had done very well in terms of data and management.

“Commander, because the maximum effective range of the concentrated fire of our army’s energy array is 10 kilometers, I suggested that Commander Dongyu undergo concentrated fire when the Spiritual Race is within 10 kilometers. However…” Tao Guan shook his head.

“You can’t take them down?” Xu Tui frowned.

“It’s more than that.” Tao Guan smiled bitterly. “Commander, why don’t you get

Commander Dongyu to demonstrate it to you? That’ll be the most intuitive.”

“Commander Dongyu, set up an energy array and focus fire once. I’ll see how strong the Spiritual Race’s battle fortress is before thinking of a way to break through the enemy,” Xu Tui asked.

“Lord Envoy, it’s useless.” Dongyu Jiajiu shook his head, but he said, “However, since you have spoken, we should show you and see if we can find a way to break through the enemy. That’s because according to their current speed of impetus advancement, in ten days, at most a month, the Eastern Heavenly Gate city pass will definitely be broken.”

Xu Tui had a solemn expression. Then, Dongyu Jiajiu called over a guard on duty and ordered them to form an energy array before bombarding the Spiritual Race’s battle fortress.

The energy array composition of the Heavenly Court’s army was a little similar to that of the Great Xi Clan. However, the process of forming the energy array was slightly longer than that of the Great Xi Clan.

Five minutes.

Then, it would accumulate energy for five minutes. It would take a total of ten minutes for an army of nearly 10,000 people from the Heavenly Court to form a dense energy array and focus fire.

“Commander Jiajiu, have you tried to bombard those five-colored towers?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’ve tried.” Dongyu Jiajiu shook his head. “Their fortress-like war shield at the side completely protects the five five-colored towers behind them. Our energy focus fire is a straight-line bombardment. We can’t hit them.”

Xu Tui nodded slightly. It was normal.

The Spiritual Race had fought in the Milky Way for so many years. They believed that they had long studied the flaws of this barrier-like war shield. It was obvious that someone from the Spiritual Race was constantly scouting for information about the Eastern Heavenly Gate City.

In less than half a second, the five-colored tower and the fortress-like Shield of War lit up at the same time. They had clearly entered a state of preparation.

This was normal. The gathering of 9,000 people could not be hidden from long-range reconnaissance.

When the concentrated fire of 9,000 people shot out in the form of an energy pillar, be it the five-colored tower or the fortress-like War Shield, they were lit up to the extreme at the same time.

The energy pillar of 10,000 people that could directly blast a Nine Satellites Planetary realm into nothingness slammed into the huge war shield. All kinds of light ripples spread out, as if a huge rock had been thrown into the sea. It felt like a sci-fi movie from the apocalypse.

However, amidst the ripples, the energy ripples gradually disappeared. The fortress-like war shield was unscathed. The energy screen on its surface was fluctuating violently.

This was a phenomenon that could be seen with the naked eye. At this moment, Xu Tui amplified his mental perception through the seal of the

Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He could see everything clearly under the Heavenly Eye. He could see everything in the five-colored tower and the huge fortress war Shield.

There were 36 people sitting cross-legged in various directions in every five-colored tower. These 36 people were all supernatural beings with the corresponding attributes.

For example, in the earth-element tower, there were all earth-element supernatural beings sitting cross-legged. They were all in the Planetary realm. However, other than the Six Satellites, the rest were all below the Five Satellites.

When the attack arrived, these people would quickly enter the power in their bodies into their current location.

It should be an array. Then, the energy pillars of the five towers gathered at a certain location on the fortress-like war shield. A huge energy shield with five-colored light circulating would appear on the surface of the shield.

However, this was the most superficial defense.

Below the five-colored energy shield was a layer of earth-yellow energy shield. This was created by the 36 earth-element supernatural beings sitting inside the fortress-like war shield. These people had higher cultivation levels. They were led by a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. The others ranged from the Eight Satellites to the Four Satellites.

A fortress-like war shield used 216 Planetary realm experts. However, with the support of these people’s strength, the war shield could still block the concentrated fire of the nearly 10,000 guards.

There were still hundreds of five-colored towers behind the five-colored energy tower at the front. The moment the energy fire of the Heavenly Court guards blasted out, Xu Tui saw at least 20 five-colored towers light up at the same time. They merged the five-colored pillars of light into the five-colored towers closest to them. In the end, they all merged into the fortress-like Shield of War at the front.

Currently, in front of the Eastern Heavenly Gate fortress, the 100-odd five-colored towers that had been built were all part of their fortress-like Defense Array. They were only used according to the energy threat.

They had used 25 five-colored towers and about 900 Planetary realm experts to block the concentrated fire of an army of 10,000 people.

Currently, there were a total of 110 five-colored towers on the battlefield of the six cities in the east. Five fortress-like war shields were slowly pushing towards the Eastern Heavenly Gate gate.

“How many troops can you deploy at most to focus fire on the fortress in the form of an energy array?” Xu Tui asked.

“Lord Envoy, I’ve tried it under Commander Tao’s suggestion previously!” Dongyu Jiajiu replied. “The nearly 10 ,ooo Heavenly Court guards commanded by a commander need a large amount of space to form an energy array.

“At this distance, we can only set up four commanders to focus fire on the fortress-like war shield at the front. We’ve already tried it before.”

‘What was the outcome?” Xu Tui asked anxiously. Dongyu Jiajiu shook his head. It was obvious that he had failed. However, Xu Tui was more concerned about the data. “How many five-colored towers lit up behind the Spiritual Race when they received the concentrated fire of the four commanders?” Xu Tui asked.

“This… I didn’t note it down,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

“Commander, I specially remembered it. The time was short, so it might not be too accurate! When the four commanders focused their fire on the fortress-like war shields at the front, a total of 65 five-colored towers behind lit up,” Tao Guan said.

Tao Guan was undoubtedly qualified. However, this data made Xu Tui’s heart a little heavy. They had only used 65 of the four armies. Moreover, they definitely had some strength left. According to this calculation, the energy concentration of the six or even seven armies might be able to withstand the huge fortress-like war Shield.

However, there was a limit to the number of troops in the Eastern Heavenly Gate City who could set up energy arrays at the same time. This Impetus Defense was a little like an iron bucket.

“By the way, how’s the situation at the Heavenly Gate City Pass in the west and north?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s worse, especially at the western city gate. There are even 10% of the casualties,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

“What? 10% of the casualties? The city pass hasn’t been broken, right?” Xu Tui was stunned. They had not even fought much, but 10% of the casualties had already appeared at the western Heavenly Gate. What was going on?

“It’s not broken, but the casualties…” Dongyu Jiajiu shook his head. “You’ll understand when you go over! Actually, we only avoided losses because of the instructions of the special envoy and the reminder of Commander Tao. Otherwise, the losses would definitely not be small.”

Xu Tui could tell what he meant. The Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race had used similar but very effective tactics. Other than the Eastern Heavenly Gate, they had all contributed.

What kind of tactic was this? They had caused such a huge loss?

A few minutes later, Xu Tui put down the six 50-grams Soul Crystals in the Silver Box of Spirit for Tao Guan and left in a hurry. He headed straight for the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1