Chapter 1902 The Condition Of Succession To The Longevity Emperor Of The South Pole (1)

1902  The Condition of Succession to the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole (1)

Xu Tui had wrapped up two large plates of eggs and chives dumplings.

"Don't be anxious. There's still lamb and celery stuffing." His mother almost cried again when she saw Xu Tui wolfing down the food. How much had he suffered in the extra-terrestrial?

Xu Tui finished three plates of about 100 dumplings by himself before he let out a long burp in satisfaction. Then, he took a sip of the dumpling soup that his father had served him. There was only one word to describe it: beautiful.

When a child returned home, there was no need to fight for work, he could wait for food. That was all useless. As long as you eliminated more than half of the delicacies that Dad and Mom had prepared, Dad and Mom would be happier and more satisfied than you.

However, Xu Tui felt extremely comfortable eating the dumplings. He had not suffered or starved much in the extra-terrestrial.

Firstly, Xu Tui's quantum dimensional chain contained many instant food products from the Blue Star, including a lot of military rations. When he was on Planet White Mountain, the delicacies of the Spiritual Race were arranged into tables.

However, Xu Tui felt that he was not full. He was just a little short. This little difference was actually the smell of home. The smell of his mother. The dumplings were all very ordinary stuffing, but he was satisfied. He felt much better.

After dinner, before Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue could move, his mother, Zhang Xiuli, found a full set of home clothes and asked Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue to change inside and out. Then, she carried the pile of dirty clothes that they had changed out of, including their utility clothes, and even Xu Tui's socks to wash them.

An Xiaoxue became anxious and wanted to clean it with his mother. Xu Tui did not care anymore. This was a matter between the two of them. Xu Tui pulled on his slippers and shorts. He opened a bottle and took out two wine bowls, one big and one small. He opened the bottle and raised it high. He filled it.

"Dad, come. I'll drink with you today. I'll toast you with this bowl first." Xu Tui lifted the large wine bowl, but his father, Xu Jianguo, stopped him. "Who are you looking down on? I'll change the bowl too."

"Dad, you could only have a small bowl…"

"Can I be inferior to my son?" Xu Jianguo glared and decisively changed the bowl to fill it.

Xu Tui had wanted to mention that his father had drunk too much and wet his bed when he first returned home from school. However, he decisively shut his mouth when he saw how forthright his father was.

"Awesome, again!" This bowl of wine made Xu Jianguo's heroic spirit rise. He filled two more bowls of wine and poured the two bowls. The bottle was empty.

"Dad, let's drink this bowl slowly. I'll tell you about what happened after the extra-terrestrial."

"Okay!"

Xu Tui's physical fitness was different now. He would not be able to get drunk even if he had ten more bowls of wine. On the other hand, Xu Tui had to ask his father to take it easy. Only he knew about the last time he got drunk and wet his bed in his dreams. This time, if his daughter-in-law heard anything, Xu Tui would be the one who would lose face.

The father and son chatted and drank. Not long after, his mother, who usually nagged when she saw his father drink, even brought him three plates of side dishes.

An Xiaoxue also leaned forward and took a sip of red wine and poured wine for his mother from time to time. The red wine was the September Frost that he had brought back from the moon.

His father, Xu Jianguo, had successfully drunk too much again. He had the intention of making himself drunk. However, it was impossible for him to wet his bed tonight. That was because his mother had already pulled An Xiaoxue to bed for the night. It was impossible for him to do that with Xu Tui watching over him.

Xu Tui's house was bought in the capital a year after he entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. It was not big, only two and a half rooms. Half of it was used as a study, and there were only two bedrooms.

Actually, he could change his parents' house with just a word. It would be easy for him to change to a villa with a single courtyard, let alone a large house or a flat floor. However, there were too many disadvantages to having a large house. It was too cold when Xu Tui was not around. It was better to have a small house now, so he had not changed it.

While he was sleeping, his mind power quietly sank into his father's body. He used the slowest speed to resonate with Xu Jianguo's original quantum frequency and repair his body. At the same time, he slowly guided the power of a purified Silver Spirit Box into his father's mental body. It should be helpful to his father.

An Xiaoxue was doing the same thing after Zhang Xiuli fell asleep. In the future, if there was anything that could improve their bodies, Xu Tui would send it to his parents immediately.

"Eh, I drank too much today, but why do I feel so energetic today? I feel like I'm more than ten years younger."

The next morning, his father, Xu Jianguo, was stunned. However, he was immediately scolded by his mother, Zhang Xiuli, who was making breakfast. "More than ten years younger? Are you dreaming because you're drunk? Hurry up and go back to bed to sleep. Come back when you wake up."

"I'm really awake. Sigh, no, why does your complexion look different? You're really young. Look at your skin. It's really smoother…"

"The child is here. What are you doing? If you have nothing to do, quickly help me to cook." Xu Jianguo was hit by a spatula.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, who had not slept the entire night, smiled at the same time.

Reunion was always short.On the first day of the new year, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue left again after lunch. After they left, his mother, Zhang Xiuli, cried again.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1