Chapter 1901 Gong Ling'S Future And Homecoming (3)

1901  Gong Ling's Future and Homecoming (3)

The branch of the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College was also set up here. However, the conditions for entering were more stringent.

Ah Huang had calculated a total number of genetic newcomers that Planet Peach could accommodate. They could not exceed 2,000 Planetary realm energy units. Above this number, the overall effect of everyone's cultivation on Planet Peach would decrease. Therefore, he had to control the number of people. Moreover, this number did not mean that it could accommodate 2,000 Planetary realms.

A Planetary realm energy standard unit referred to the energy consumption of the Planetary realm that had just broken through to the One Satelites Planetary realm.

Two Satellites was equivalent to two Planetary realm energy units, Three Satellites was equivalent to five Planetary realm energy units, and two quasi-planetary or five Transmutation Realms were equivalent to one Planetary realm energy unit.

Basically, the total number of cultivators on Planet Peach was below 1,500, people below the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

Before this, it was quite stressful.

However, as Xu Tui strengthened the energy in the four origin palaces of Ceres Star, the pressure on Planet Peach would decrease greatly.

It was worth mentioning that the vassal species Xu Tui had chosen, the elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race, had produced 20 Planetary realm experts after a year or two of cultivation.

Although they were all from the First to the Three Satellites, they were still a good force.

Among the members of the reserve team, they had cultivated on Planet Peach for more than a year and had broken through very quickly. A fifth of them had broken through to the quasi-planetary realm. The others were at least at the Transmutation Realm.

Xu Tui saw Gong Ling.

Gong Ling still had the habit of blushing when she spoke. She jumped up happily when she saw Xu Tui. "Little Tui, when did you come back? Is everyone safe?"

Xu Tui suddenly felt a little dazed when he heard the words 'Little Tui'. He seemed to have returned to the time when he had just arrived at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College three years ago.

Three and a half years. It had not even been four years. This time…

At this moment, Xu Tui felt inexplicably relaxed. Actually, in terms of security, the most comfortable time for him was probably when he was studying in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Gong Ling was still the same as before. She had grown a little taller, but her chest had become more majestic. Her smile was sweet, but there was still a heroic spirit in her sweet smile.

The training in the extra-terrestrial finally changed Gong Ling.

Gong Ling chattered as she asked Xu Tui about the situation outside the solar system with an admiring gaze. Her big eyes were filled with light.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, started to think about Gong Ling's cultivation situation.

"My current cultivation is more troublesome. I need to explore many of them myself. There are too few wood-type Planetary realms. There are even fewer supportive Planetary realms like me," Gong Ling complained softly.

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard that. There were actually quite a number of people who activated wood-type genetic chains in the Genetic Liberation Realm. If two to three of them were fire-type, one of them would eventually be wood-type.

However, wood-type abilities were more scattered. Some were for healing, some were for poison, some were for support, and some were for catalyzing plants. Moreover, most of them were more difficult to cultivate, causing there to be very few wood-type Planetary realms.

He did not notice it in the past. Now, it seemed that there was only one wood-type Planetary realm powerhouse on the entire Blue Star, Mu Xingluan.

Moreover, there were fewer wood-type creatures in the Spiritual Race.

The main reason for the dispersion of the power system was that it was not like the fire-element, water-element, and earth-element abilities, where it was very easy to cultivate. Currently, there are the most Planetary realm powerhouses in these three elements.

Most importantly, the actual combat value of wood-type superb individuals was very low. Many of them could not even fight alone, so the intensity of their training was very limited. However, Xu Tui, who had led the Blue Star Expeditionary Force through countless battles, knew how important Mu Xingluan was.

It could be said that Mu Xingluan was the key to zero casualties in the Blue Star Expeditionary Force. Without the enhancement of Mu Xingluan's various abilities, at least half of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force would have died in battle this time.

Mu Xingluan's Thousand Vines Armor gave every member of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force an additional life, let alone treatment and other support.

Xu Tui knew about Gong Ling's support abilities. The seed growth ability was similar to Mu Xingluan's. Moreover, it had the ability to purify and use poison.

If it was nurtured well, it would definitely be another powerful support.

"In a few days, I'll find someone to guide you. You have to cultivate bitterly recently. It's not enough to reach quasi-planetary. You have to reach the Planetary realm before you can cultivate with the team."

Xu Tui gave Gong Ling a few instructions. Before he left, he left three Silver Spirit Boxes for Gong Ling. Just the fact that Gong Ling had used her astonishingly flexible thigh as a pillow for Xu Tui in the Longhu List back then was enough for Xu Tui to take extra care of her.

But then again, if he nurtured Gong Ling, the value would definitely far exceed three Silver Spirit Boxes.

Xu Tui learned about the whereabouts of Cheng Mo and Tang Ting from Gong Ling.

Tang Ting had always been in the army. Currently, he was also serving in the extra-terrestrial. It was said that he had already accumulated merit and become a major. In order to obtain more cultivation resources, Cheng Mo had decisively joined the military a year and a half ago. The specific situation was unknown now.

However, according to Gong Ling, Tang Ting vaguely revealed Cheng Mo's recent situation. He was very awesome and had grown into the trump card elite of the military's extra-terrestrial special combat team.

It was mainly because his ability was very special and powerful. However, he could not say what ability it was because it was a secret.

Xu Tui felt a little emotional when he left. All of his friends from back then had grown up. Although Tang Ting and Cheng Mo grew slowly in the beginning, they had now found their respective paths. He just did not know when they would be able to gather again.

Xu Tui could roughly guess that Cheng Mo's very powerful and special ability was related to the genetic base points in his stomach that he had activated back then. When they separated back then, Cheng Mo could already devour and store some small items. Was it Devour? Or?

Actually, with Xu Tui's authority, Cheng Mo's current situation, including his abilities, would be placed in front of Xu Tui if Ah Huang gave the order.

Xu Tui did not do that after he thought about it. He could be considered a flagship figure of the extra-terrestrial forces of the Blue Star. If he paid too much attention to Cheng Mo, it might bring Cheng Mo benefits. But at the same time, at certain times, or when it was dark, it might bring Cheng Mo extremely terrifying consequences.

It was similar to a dimensional attack. Therefore, Xu Tui was restraining his thoughts. If he had the chance, he would ask Wei Bin in private.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue walked around the various planets under the jurisdiction of Worldly. His public appearance was also to reassure the people. At the same time, he had a comprehensive understanding of the forces and resources that he could mobilize.

It might be used in the subsequent battles.

February 6, 2142, 7 p.m., New Year's Eve on the Blue Star.

In a small area of the capital of the Huaxia Sector, Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli stood on the balcony and looked at the starry sky from afar. The fridge on the table was filled with groceries, but neither of them was interested in cooking. It was said that many people from the Blue Star Expeditionary Force had returned.

But why did they not see Xu Tui and Xiaoxue? As a result, the two of them were no longer interested in cooking. The two of them had been living too coldly this year.

"Do you think they'll come back?" Zhang Xiuli let out a long sigh.

"This… should…"

"Dad, Mom, we're back!"

The sudden voice made Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli turn around. Suddenly, tears welled up in Zhang Xiuli's eyes. His father smiled and turned around to put on his apron.

"It's good that you're back. I'll cook for you!" His father, who had turned around, secretly wiped his eyes. Of course, they were all escaping from Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue's observations.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1