Chapter 1914: Killing The Enemy And The New Great Commander? (3)

Chapter 1914: Killing the Enemy and the New Great Commander? (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state.

The moment it appeared, under the shocked gaze of the Great Xi Clan member, the Small God Slaying Sword instantly slashed into the energy core where the mental body of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm was.

In an instant, the Nine Satellites of the Great XI Clan seemed to have become stupid as he stood rooted to the ground.

The Five Mountains Suppression Form appeared again.

Boom! This time, even though there were at least three energy centers of quark particles within 5,000 meters of the Nine Satellites, none of them injected energy to him. He was blasted into metal on the spot, and the energy cores in his body were all shattered.

He was killed!

Xu Tui also roughly understood the function of the energy center of the Great Xi Clan’s quark particles. It had to be activated by the Great Xi people to obtain energy to extend his life.

At this moment, it was only one and a half breaths away from Xu Tui participating in the battle. That was three seconds. Three seconds later, three of the Great Xi Clan’s Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were killed. This directly caused the Great Xi Clan’s forces to stagnate.

There were originally four arrows that charged into the Heavenly Court’s guards, but now, three of them were gone. Without their entanglement, the retreat of the Heavenly Court’s defense army clearly accelerated.

Just as Xu Tui’s mental perception locked onto the fourth Great Xi’s Nine Satellites, Lu Lei, the commander-in-chief of the Great Xi’s expeditionary army, who was commanding the battle at the back, suddenly had a flash in his huge eyes.

This was because a few powerful life spots that he had specially marked on the large-scale battlefield Life Recon Meter in front of him suddenly disappeared in an extremely short period of time.

On such a battlefield, the energy fluctuations were too chaotic. Moreover, because they were in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, their large-scale technological equipment could not take effect in time. Therefore, it was extremely convenient to use such a large-scale battlefield life detector to observe the entire battle.

But people were dying in battle at all times, and lives were dying. Therefore, these spots of light that represented life were also very chaotic. However, the life spots marked by Lu Lei were all life spots of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

“Lu Tiejun, bring a team and drive to the front. What happened? Be careful of the concentrated fire of the Heavenly Court’s army.”

Someone immediately stepped out to receive the order.

Lu Tiejun, who had received the order, was a Nebula Realm expert. The so-called elite team led by him was a team of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. They could be said to be extremely powerful.

Just as Lu Lei finished giving the order, he was shocked to discover that the fourth Nine Satellites Planetary realm life spot had also disappeared.

As the fourth Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert died, the Heavenly Court’s defense army, which had been entangled and retreating slowly, instantly accelerated their retreat. They retreated like a tide.

“Let’s go. I’ll go take a look myself.” As Commander-in-chief Lu Lei soared into the air, the 12 Nine Satellites personal guards surrounded Lu Lei and quickly flew to the front of the battlefield.

Xu Tui, who had just killed the fourth Planetary realm expert of the Nine Satellites, had already noticed the group of 11 experts from the Great Xi Clan rushing over from behind.

He had wanted to order the Heavenly Court’s defense army to focus fire, but these guys had already spread out when they were nearly ten kilometers away. They were also extremely vigilant.

On both sides, the retreating Heavenly Court guards retreated like a tidal wave. The four commanders of the Heavenly Court had already dragged back all the corpses of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators that Xu Tui had killed. During this time, the four of them had even joined forces to kill two Eight Satellites Planetary realm cultivators.

“You guys retreat too.” Xu Tui looked at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm who were surrounding him from afar. A cold smile suddenly appeared on his face. Since he had taken action, he would have a good time with the Great Xi Clan.

Five three-phase thermal bombs suddenly appeared in front of Xu Tui. At the same time, Spiritual Concealment, spiritual radiation, and other abilities were activated together with the illusory reality of the divine demon abnormality.

In an instant, more than 20 commanders of the Heavenly Court appeared around Xu Tui. They gathered around him and stared coldly at the Great Xi Clan that was approaching. They looked like they were about to fight a decisive battle.

Lu Tiejun, who had led the team over, immediately reported his discovery to the commander-in-chief, Lu Lei. At the same time, he gestured and led ten Great Xi Clan members to attack Xu Tui and the others from all directions.

The most cautious person attacked from a thousand meters away.

This made Xu Tui sigh inwardly. He had just sent the five three-phase thermal bombs 700 meters away. Only three Nine Satellites and a quark particle energy center entered the maximum explosive range of these three-phase thermal bombs.

Without hesitation, Xu Tui activated his mind power and pressed the mechanical detonation switch that was specially made for him. He had already used teleportation before he pressed down. He instantly retreated 3,000 meters.

Boom!

Four three-phase thermal bombs exploded at the same time. The maximum range of a three-phase thermal explosive was 500 meters around the detonation point. However, it was different if five of them were detonated at the same time.

Xu Tui believed that he could also kill a few Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts.

However, a scene that shocked Xu Tui appeared. The moment the three-phase thermal bomb was detonated, the Great Xi Clan’s Lu Tiejun suddenly roared, “Suppress!”

Lu Tiejun and the other 10 executives of the Great Xi Clan shot out terrifying pillars of light from their eyes at the same time. Then, in a semi-encirclement, they actually suppressed the shockwave of the three-phase thermal bomb.

Originally, as long as it was detonated, the explosive power of the three-phase thermal bomb was not something they could suppress.

However, these Great Xi Clan members used the continuous replenishment of the energy centers of the dozen or so quark particles behind them to forcefully condense an energy screen. It directly blocked the shockwave that the three-phase thermal explosive had blasted toward them.

It had to be known that they had tens of thousands of elite warriors of the Great Xi Clan. If this wave exploded, more than half of the 10,000 elite warriors of the Great Xi Clan would probably be wiped out on the spot.

Lu Tiejun and the others actually used the replenishment of the quark particle energy center to forcefully block the terrifying shockwave of the five three-phase thermal bombs. However, Xu Tui suddenly noticed an opportunity while they were blocking the shockwave.

These elites of the Great Xi Clan could not move the moment they unleashed their full strength. They, who were outputting their energy with all their might, were basically fixed to the spot.

In an instant, Xu Tui gave an order to the three Heavenly Gate commanders who had already formed the Northern Heavenly Gate Pass. “Explode!”

Each of them had a target. As Xu Tui sent a mental message, he used his mind power to mark the most suitable target for them. In an instant, three terrifying pillars of light blasted out from the city tower of the Northern Heavenly Gate. It was also at this moment that the commander-in-chief of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Lei, arrived. When he saw this scene, the light in his eyes instantly expanded. “Retreat!”

But it was too late for him to shout.

The Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Great Xi Clan, who had a lighter shockwave than the three-phase thermal bomb, was in a stalemate with the force field. How could they retreat so easily?

Even though they were ten kilometers away and it was no longer the strongest power of the energy array, the target could only passively be blasted away and could not withdraw to defend. Among the pillars of light that could pierce through everything, two of the Great Xi Clan’s Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were killed on the spot.

The pillar of concentrated fire that blasted towards Lu Tiejun was blocked by Lu Lei’s ten personal guards. At the same time, Xu Tui had already teleported above the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass. He looked at Lu Lei from afar.

Suddenly, Lu Lei spoke, “The new great commander?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1