Chapter 1913: Killing The Enemy And The New Great Commander? (2)

Chapter 1913: Killing the Enemy and the New Great Commander? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, if they followed him like a swarm of bees to receive the retreating troops, the Great Xi Clan would be able to easily kill a commander as long as the two Nine Satellites worked together.

It was better not to waste these Heavenly Court guards.

“I’ll go fetch them.” Xu Tui instantly disappeared after he said that.

In a flash, Xu Tui, who had already put on the armor of the Seven Satellites, appeared behind the retreating Heavenly Court army. There were at least five deputy generals of the Seven Satellites in the Heavenly Court army. Suddenly, there was one more. It was very inconspicuous.

As for the aura of Xu Tui’s Eight Satellites Planetary realm, it was nothing on this extremely chaotic battlefield.

Unless someone in the Great Xi Clan had the same ability as the Heavenly Eye, they would not be able to discover Xu Tui. If one wanted to have the Heavenly Eye in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, he would probably have to rely on the seals of the other six rulers.

The moment he appeared in the battle formation, Xu Tui’s mind power silently locked onto a Nine Satellites Planetary realm who was only a thousand meters away from him. A shuddering earthen yellow light suddenly appeared in the sky above the chaotic battlefield. It was a mountain with the shadows of five mountains.

The moment it appeared, it blasted towards the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Five Mountains Suppression Form!

In an instant, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Great Xi Clan raised his head and discovered the threat. He gathered all his energy and blasted it toward Xu Tui’s Five Mountains Suppression Form.

Two terrifying balls of light collided. Xu Tui’s Five Mountains Suppression quickly blasted down.

Amidst his fear, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert suddenly let out a crazy roar. In an instant, the diamond-shaped quark particle energy center closest to him, which was 2,800 meters away, suddenly shone brightly. A pillar of light shot onto the body of the Great Xi Clan member at the speed of light.

Two diamond-shaped quark energy centers that were 3,800 meters and 4,500 meters away from the Nine Satellites Planetary realm flew out of the pillar of light at the speed of light and projected onto it.

At this moment, Xu Tui felt that the energy in the body of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator had been replenished more than once and a half.

The energy of the energy shield he had pushed out was shattered by the Five Mountains Suppression Form and consumed all of its energy. However, the moment it was exhausted, it was instantly replenished.

This was the effect of the diamond-shaped quark particle energy center.

The Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator of the Great Xi Clan had survived. It instantly replenished half of his energy and successfully consumed Xu Tui’s Five Mountains Suppression Form.

It could be said that Xu Tui’s Five Mountains Suppression had killed the Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator of the Great XI Clan at least twice.

However, the energy center was replenished in time and was not killed.

However, Xu Tui never only had one move.

Three of the 14 ice flying swords that had already been instantiated had already been blasted out when the Five Mountains Suppression Form blasted down.

The moment the Five Mountains Suppression Form shattered, the three ice flying swords followed closely behind with a roar and accurately shattered the diamond-shaped energy core in the body of the Great Xi Clan.

The energy core had been destroyed. It was useless no matter how much energy the diamond -shaped quark particle energy center behind replenished.

The moment the ice flying sword exploded, this Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator of the Great XI Clan had already been frozen into an ice sculpture.

Xu Tui’s other 11 ice flying swords instantly blasted toward the Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Great Xi Clan.

Resonance erupted.

Ice Sword Formation.

Although the Ice Sword Formation was powerful and could instantly kill the Nine Satellites, the Great Xi Clan, which had the energy center of the quark particles, could not be destroyed with a single strike. They even had their ice sculpture broken by the other party.

However, the moment it broke open, what welcomed him was Xu Tui’s strongest flying sword, the Mountain Flying Sword. It directly broke through his energy center.

He killed another Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator from the Great Xi Clan.

Xu Tui thought that it was a pity when his mental perception locked onto the third Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Great Xi Clan. The corpses of the two Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the Great XI Clan were actually extremely precious materials.

If all of them were thrown to Lavis, he might even be able to break through to the peak of the Eight Satellites Planetary realm in the shortest time possible. To the Great Xi Clan, the bodies of their powerful clansmen were their best cultivation materials.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui did not have the time to clean up on the battlefield.

Just as Xu Tui was feeling pity, a shocked voice suddenly came from behind him. It was Dongyu Jiajiu. He had led the other three commanders of the Heavenly Court into a battle formation and charged behind Xu Tui.

Their original intention was to protect Xu Tui and perform in front of him.

However, the moment they arrived, they saw an extremely shocking scene. Xu Tui, the special envoy, had actually killed two Nine Satellites experts of the Great Xi Clan in just a breath.

Was he that strong? This could no longer be described as powerful!

“Go, collect the corpses of Nine Satellites.” Xu Tui roared. His mental perception had already locked onto the third Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

This time, he wanted to try different battle techniques. He also wanted to try out the method of attacking the mental body. Would it be effective against the Great Xi Clan, who had the support of the energy center of the quark particles?

In the next moment, a golden Small God Slaying Sword instantly appeared behind his head. The moment it appeared, it disappeared.

Almost at the same time, this golden Small God Slaying Sword appeared above the head of the third Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert of the Great XI

Clan..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1