Chapter 1918: The Fourth Iron Blood Plan (1)

Chapter 1918: The Fourth Iron Blood Plan (1)

Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Although the chief of staff of the Worldly Demon Slayers did not come up with a feasible plan in two days, the abilities of the Worldly Communications

Department and the Engineering Department were still worth affirming.

In two days, the emergency construction had been completed.

At this moment, in the temporary command center, Wei Bin was projecting the situation of the battle at the East, South, West, and North Heavenly Gates in the small universe of the Heavenly Court in front of Xu Tui through four huge projections.

They could not install or place remote sensing equipment on the battlefield, or even above the Heavenly Gate city pass as there was a huge amount of energy interference. They could only install some wired remote sensing equipment and anti-interference equipment, so the image was not too clear.

However, the resolution of the image was still extremely high. The human face’s expression could still be vaguely seen, but it could not be magnified to a clearer extent.

Among the four Heavenly Gates, the Southern Heavenly Gate was very calm. The other three Heavenly Gates were in constant battle.

The situation in the Eastern Heavenly Gate, which was where the Spiritual Race was attacking, made people feel the most depressed. They even felt like vomiting blood when they saw the situation.

The tactics used by the Spiritual Race could be called shameless if they were scolded with a little emotion.

In the past two days, the Spiritual Race had pushed their five-colored tower 8,500 meters away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass. At this moment, with the support of their five-colored tower, the five fortress-like war shields were advancing in a staircase.

The nearest fortress-like war shield had already pushed 6,000 meters away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate. More than 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were hiding behind this fortress-like war shield with hundreds of elite Planetary realm experts, carrying out their shameless tactics.

If the Heavenly Court guards had an energy array that had already been completed, they would wait for an army of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm to take the initiative to lure the energy array to attack.

In the end, they used the fortress-like War Shield to block the concentrated fire.

Taking advantage of this gap, these elites led by the Nine Satellites Planetary realms would attack crazily, consuming the energy of the defense screen of the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

At the same time, under the cover of the other four fortress-like war shields, five-colored towers were constantly erected. It was just that the construction of the five-colored tower required time. Even though the Spiritual Race had used a modular construction method, it still took a long time.

Otherwise, Xu Tui highly suspected that the Spiritual Race would be able to advance within two kilometers of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Pass within three days.

Up until now, the Spiritual Race had suffered two casualties.

Yes, two. The people who died in battle were two Planetary realm unlucky people who had been accidentally brushed by the concentrated fire. However, their elite troops were crazily attacking the Heavenly Gate Guardian light screen.

It had to be said that the Spiritual Race’s fighting style was the most despicable, wretched, and shameless. Of course, this was the enemy’s opinion. If he was on the side of the Spiritual Race, this method of fighting would be the most brilliant tactic.

It had to be said that the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race, Xu Zhijia, was very brilliant

Under such a fighting style, the Heavenly Court’s defense army could only hold on for the time being. They could only engage in the most tragic bloody battle when they were close to the bottom of the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

The tactics of the Muyas at the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass were much rougher than those of the Spiritual Race. That was a true siege.

However, the image felt like a beast tide.

Countless Muyas with the characteristics of beasts rushed out from 10 kilometers away like crazy. All of them shouted that the glory of the Lord would always be with them and rushed towards the Western Heavenly Gate city pass.

The ones who were attacking now were mainly Muya slaves at the Evolution Realm and Transmutation Realm.

How should he put it? It was basically tempting fate.

What was the standard of the guards of the Heavenly Court?

About 20% of the Heavenly Court’s defense army was in the Planetary realm. Other than this 20%, they were all quasi-planetary.

Quasi-planetary guards were the lowest-level guards of the Heavenly Court. They also had the most combat strength and accounted for 80%.

Under such a combat strength configuration, the Heavenly Court guards could easily kill the Muyas in the Transmutation Realm. A small number of the

Muyas in the Transmutation Realm could also be instantly killed. The other Muyas in the Transmutation Realm could at most be killed by the combined attacks of two Heavenly Court guards. As long as they were hit, they could be instantly killed.

The Planetary realm guards of the Heavenly Court would instantly kill whoever they attacked.

However, there were many people.

It was like a beheading. An elite soldier would be exhausted if he had to chop off ten heads in a row. His hands might go limp if he had to chop off 20 heads. Similarly, it was the same for the guards of the Heavenly Court. Every time they killed a Muya, although it was an instant kill, the consumption of energy in their bodies was real.

The maximum number of guards that the various Heavenly Gates could accommodate was about 90,000.

Even if they attacked with all their might, there was still a large number of

Muyas at the Transmutation Realm who rushed below the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass. They used their own methods to attack the defensive light screen of the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass crazily.

From the looks of it, the capture was a battle of attrition. They wanted to consume the defensive light screen of the four Heavenly Gates in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

“A battle of attrition?”

If that was the case, the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass would be the least pressured side. Even if the Muyas rushed to the bottom of the city, they would be exhausted in the end.

Xu Tui glanced at Wei Bin. He was about to check on the battle scenes of the Great Xi Clan at the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass when his gaze suddenly turned back to the scene at the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass.

Something was wrong. The Muyas were definitely not that stupid or weak.

Xu Tui had impersonated a Muya before. He had lived among the higher-ups of the Muyas for a period of time. He knew very well that the Muyas were more ruthless to themselves and the enemy. They were sinister, vicious, and cunning..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1