Chapter 1917: Unsolvable And Overall Attack (3)

Chapter 1917: Unsolvable and Overall Attack (3)

Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Although they had won this battle, the statistics after the battle were actually very bad. There were a total of 360,000 troops in the Northern Heavenly Gate, but only 330,000 were left. They had suffered heavy losses.

Fortunately, Xu Tui had come. If Xu Tui had not come, the Northern Heavenly Gate might have been the first to be breached.

“The enemy is powerful. I’ve called for some reinforcements. You have to cooperate well.”

“Thank you for your help, Lord Special Envoy.”

The commanders of the Northern Heavenly Gate were led by Beiyu Bingqi.

Their orders were extremely uniform. Xu Tui understood that the Northern Heavenly Gate would listen to his orders the most in the future.

This was the result of the combination of status, strength, and sweet dates. He could also find an opportunity to do this to the Eastern and Western Heavenly Gates. This way, it should not be a problem to command the armies of the three Heavenly Gates.

The problem now was how to break through the enemy. The alliance army of the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race was too powerful. Every family’s army was above 3-5 million. It could be seen that in the worst-case scenario, they might use the tactic of numbers to push open the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Not to mention the number of people, the number of high-end combatants in these three families was also very shocking. There were more than 100 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts gathered at the three major city passes.

There were already more than 10,000 Planetary realm experts in each family.

It was too difficult to break through the enemy!

So far, Xu Tui had not thought of a tactic to break through the enemy. Even if they pulled all the forces of the Blue Star over to support them, it would be a drop in the bucket.

Xu Tui stopped thinking after thinking about it for a minute. Many people could come up with a plan. The Blue Star’s staff committee was not for show. Soon, Xu Tui asked Tri Ling Ding to contact his high-level colony number three and talk to Wei Bin directly. “Lieutenant Wei, how are your preparations?”

“It is prepared to carry out your orders at any time.” Wei Bin’s voice was extremely unyielding.

“Alright, I order. The Blue Star extra-terrestrial communication and engineering troops will immediately enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court, so prepare your own construction materials.

“I request that you establish instant communication within 24 hours in the four Heavenly Gates of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Complete the comprehensive construction of instant communication, emergency communication, and combat command systems within 48 hours,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood. Don’t worry, Commander.”

“The Blue Star’s three-phase thermal bomb production line will be fully produced. Within three days, I want to see 3,000 three-phase thermal bombs in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Moreover, there can’t be less than 100 bombs of replenishment a day in the future.”

“Don’t worry, Commander. I’ll definitely complete the mission.”

“Complete the formation of the Heavenly Court Expeditionary Force within three days. There are no less than 100 Planetary realm experts above the Three Satellites. The original Worldly Expeditionary Force will be listed separately.” “Don’t worry, Commander.”

“I want to see half of the members of the Worldly Staff Committee within three hours. I need them to come up with a specific battle plan for me within 24 hours.”

“Understood. I promise to complete the mission.”

Xu Tui gave more than a dozen orders in a row. However, most of the orders were decisions that had been decided beforehand. They were just being implemented at this moment, especially the emergency strategy of the Blue Star.

After giving all the orders, Xu Tui led Dongyu Jiajiu straight to the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Xu Tui came to the Southern Heavenly Gate the most. However, the Southern Heavenly Gate was the weakest. There were only 320,000 left in the 360,000-strong army. There were only 31 commanders.

What shocked Xu Tui even more was that the most senior commander in the Southern Heavenly Gate was Nanyu Dingwu. The other three Heavenly Gates had the word ‘Yi’ even without the word ‘Jia’. However, the Southern Heavenly Gate had the word ‘Ding’.

“Sir, according to what I know, before the Heavenly Court was sealed, the battle at the Heavenly Gate in the south was the fiercest,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

“But I’m not sure about the details.”

Xu Tui had a lot of experience dealing with the Heavenly Gate in the south.

Under the threat of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, he rewarded Nanyu Dingwu with a Connate Soul Pearl. Xu Tui had half taken over the Southern Heavenly Gate.

However, when he thought about it, it made sense. The commanders of the Heavenly Gates looked like high-level officers at this moment, but in the ancient Heavenly Court, they were at most mid-level officers.

With the corresponding status and methods, it was not difficult to clean up.

An hour later, Xu Tui personally took charge. He first brought in all the communication and engineering troops sent by Wei Bin. He also distributed them to the other Heavenly Gates and began the intensive construction.

Then, the staff team also stationed themselves in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. They were led by Dongyu Jiajiu to collect information about the various Heavenly Gates and study battle plans.

On the Blue Star, be it the communication team, the engineering team, or the staff team, they were extremely efficient.

In just a day, although there were such restrictions, they had completed Xu Tui’s orders and built an instant communication system within the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

This way, it would be easier to communicate.

The temporary commanders of the four Heavenly Gates cooperated with the staff team and made a full collection and calculation of the combat strength, tactics, and reactions of the Muyas, the Spiritual Race, and the Great Xi Clan. They wanted to develop a feasible battle tactic in the shortest time possible.

However, two days had passed. The report that the staff committee handed over to Xu Tui made his expression turn ugly.

Xu Tui went straight to the temporary command center that Wei Bin had set up and took a photo of the report in front of Wei Bin. “It’s been two days, but you haven’t come up with a tactic that can break through the enemy?” Xu Tui was a little angry.

“Commander, the enemy’s individual and overall strength are too powerful.”

Wei Bin smiled bitterly. “There’s almost no solution to a large number of Nine

Satellites Planetary realm experts.”

“There’s no solution. Could it be that…

Xu Tui had not finished his sentence when the alarms in the temporary command center rang out one after another. Wei Bin’s expression changed.

“Commander, for some reason, the three races have attacked at the same time.’

“Full attack?” Xu Tui’s expression changed..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1