Chapter 1912: Killing The Enemy And The New Great Commander? (1)

Chapter 1912: Killing the Enemy and the New Great Commander? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Military orders were like mountains.

On this point, the guards of the Heavenly Court were extremely thorough. When the sound of troops withdrawing rang out throughout the entire battlefield, the 20,000-odd Heavenly Court guards who were fighting bitterly with the Great Xi Clan began to slowly retreat.

However, just as Beiyu Yi Shisi had said, giving the order to retreat at this moment would cause the Heavenly Court’s defense army outside the city to be pursued. They would definitely suffer heavy losses.

From this point of view, Beiyu Yi Shisi was right. However, if they did not retreat, the remaining 20,000-odd Heavenly Court troops outside the city would only be wiped out.

“Name.” Xu Tui looked at the commander of the Heavenly Court who had retreated under his heavy reward. Of course, from the looks of it, these commanders of the Heavenly Court were not much different.

“Lord Special Envoy, I am Beiyu Bingqi.”

“It’s yours.” Xu Tui threw the Silver Spirit Box in front of him, which was the Connate Soul Pearl, to Beiyu Bingqi.

Beiyu Bingqi was overjoyed. He knelt on one knee and bowed to Xu Tui. “Thank you, Special Envoy.”

The other 30 Northern Heavenly Gate commanders were shocked and envious when they saw this scene.

According to his mental feedback, many of the commanders of the Heavenly Court had already begun to regret their slow reactions. If they had reacted faster, this Connate Soul Pearl should have belonged to them.

It seemed that the Connate Soul Pearl was very tempting to these commanders of the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui had obtained the right to speak in the Northern Heavenly Gate in an extremely short period of time. He had established his authority among the commanders of the Heavenly Court.

Of course, the most important thing was the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Without the endorsement of the seal, no matter how strong Xu Tui’s personal combat strength was, the commanders of the Heavenly Court in front of him would not have cared about Xu Tui.

This was a fundamental problem brought about by their identities.

“From this moment on, the Northern Heavenly Gate will temporarily be commanded by Beiyu Bingqi. It shouldn’t be a problem for him to accept my orders, right?” Xu Tui struck while the iron was hot. He used his hammer to kill Beiyu Yi Shisi. He wanted to see if he could control the power of the Northern Heavenly Gate.

As soon as Xu Tui said that, there was indeed a commotion among the other 30 commanders of the Northern Heavenly Gate. All of them communicated with each other. Clearly, they were not convinced that they could directly acknowledge a former colleague as the great commander.

“With a powerful enemy in front of us, Beiyu Bingqi will temporarily command. After the battle, I will personally promote one of you to a great commander,” Xu Tui added. “If you have any objections, you can say it now.”

The Mountain Hammer was in front of him, and the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was above his head. Since Xu Tui, the special envoy, had said so, no one had any objections.

No one dared to have any objections. These commanders were not stupid. If they had any opinions now, they might be hammered. Then, they would be instantly killed by the hammer like Beiyu Yi Shisi.

Dongyu Jiajiu was the smart one. He took the lead and shouted, “We are willing to obey the military orders of the envoy.” The other 30 commanders of the Heavenly Court followed suit and roared. After all, he might be hammered if he did not agree.

When Beiyu Bingqi, who had knelt down to receive the order, stood up again, his aura was different.

After all, any commander of the Heavenly Court guards had grown up from countless bloody battles. Xu Tui did not know the upper limit of their growth, but their individual abilities were definitely not bad.

In less than a minute, Xu Tui used the power of his hammer to kill Beiyu Yi Shisi and quickly consolidated the power of the Northern Heavenly Gate.

At this moment, the 20,000-odd troops below the city pass had already shown signs of defeat because they had taken the initiative to retreat.

The Great Xi Clan, which had twice their military strength, had already surrounded them. This was especially so for the four Nine Satellites Planetary realm Great XI Clan members who were leading the charge. They were like tigers among wolves. Anyone they touched would die.

The corpses of the Heavenly Court guards who had been killed were quickly dragged away by a specialized corpse-dragging team.

However, not many Nine Satellites Planetary realm dared to participate in the pursuit.

When the Northern Heavenly Gate City closed, three Heavenly Court guards had already formed an energy matrix and completed the energy accumulation.

This was also the reason why the 30,000 Heavenly Court guards dared to charge out.

With the concentrated fire of the energy array, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Great Xi Race did not dare to participate in the battle.

But because of the retreat of the Heavenly Court guards, the four Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the Great Xi Clan split up and charged into the retreating Heavenly Court guards to kill the enemy crazily.

The energy array had already been fully accumulated, it would definitely be able to kill a Nine Satellites. Planetary realm. However, while killing this Nine Satellites Planetary realm, it could accidentally kill more than a thousand Heavenly Court guards at the same time.

Killing a comrade and the enemy at the same time was clearly not part of the battle rules of the Heavenly Court. However, based on the current situation, less than 10,000 of the remaining 26,000 people might be able to return to the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass alive.

Xu Tui only used the Heavenly Eye to scan the battlefield before immediately making arrangements.

“Small-scale energy array, prepare to receive the retreating troops.” Xu Tui wanted to shout, those who had the guts, charged with him, but he did not.

These Heavenly Court guards were all good at positional battles and offensive battles. If you asked them to advance step by step, advance or retreat, the Nine Satellites would not be able to do anything.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1