Chapter 1910: The Great Xi Clan ‘S Corpse Collection And The Hammer Killing (2)

Chapter 1910: The Great Xi Clan ‘s Corpse Collection and the Hammer Killing (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The discoveries he had made in the past year had completely changed Xu Tui’s understanding of the ancient Heavenly Court.

In the beginning, his understanding of the ancient Heavenly Court was a little like a true myth. However, because many people in the Great Genetic Age had obtained supernatural abilities, he thought that the Huaxia Myths were real.

But now, his understanding has changed.

The ancient Heavenly Court was not only a true myth. It was very likely that it was an ancient Mythical Universe Empire that was extremely advanced and crushed the current Blue Star.

As for technology, it was not just electricity or quantum computers. It was technology. Many of the technology in the ancient Heavenly Court was several levels higher than the so-called technology on the Blue Star.

Whether it was life science, bionic science, or transportation technology.

“I have to maintain enough reverence for all the products of the ancient Heavenly Court.” Xu Tui set a rule for himself. He had to completely break the idea that the intelligence of the genetic newcomers in the 22nd century, including all aspects, had to be far stronger than the ancient humans.

Ancient humans were very terrifying!

“Jiajiu, if you want to break through and become a commander, it’s not enough to rely on the Connate Soul Pearl, right?” Xu Tui asked Jiajiu, who was flying at high speed behind him.

“Sir is wise. That’s true.” Dongyu Jiajiu was very humble. He acted like a veteran in the workplace. No one would believe him if he said that he was born a robot.

“The Connate Soul Pearl is just a reward for me after I advanced to the level of a great commander. It’s used to increase my strength. When I advanced to the level of a great commander, other than needing the promotion document supported by the Heavenly King’s Seal, I also needed the great commander’s seal.

“On the other hand, the great commander’s custom-made armor is dispensable. However, there is another possibility.” Dongyu Jiajiu suddenly raised his head and looked at Xu Tui.

“What possibility?”

“The documents for the promotion to the great commander and the seal can’t fundamentally increase the strength of the great commander. However, the great commander’s seal should contain some special rules that can allow the person to easily break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

“But without these two things, I might be able to break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm if I had a certain number of Connate Soul Pearls,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

“Continue.” Xu Tui knew that Dongyu Jiajiu had not finished his sentence.

“Sir, if I break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, although I won’t be able to advance to the great commander in terms of rules, I can become a great commander.

“I’m the only Nine Satellites in the entire Eastern Heavenly Gate for the time being. I can suppress the other commanders and make them listen to my military orders to help you unify the defense army of the Eastern Heavenly Gate,” Dongyu Jiajiu said.

Xu Tui glanced at Dongyu Jiajiu. He did not have the position of a great commander, but he had the status of a great commander. To be honest, judging from this, Dongyu Jiajiu’s intelligence was far stronger than that of many Blue Star humans. He had even found Xu Tui’s needs.

Of course, his goal was also very clear. It was to obtain the Connate Soul Pearl in Xu Tui’s hand, which was the Silver Spirit Box, to improve himself. Fundamentally, this was a very good suggestion. It was also very practical.

As long as he followed Dongyu Jiajiu’s instructions, the 360,000-strong army guarding the Eastern Heavenly Gate City Gate would be able to listen to his command. It would not be divided into 36 divisions like before.

There was a world of difference between a united command force and a disunited army.

It could be said that if Dongyu Jiajiu were to break through to the Nine

Satellites Planetary realm, the Spiritual Race’s 10 million-strong army would not be able to break through the Eastern Heavenly Gate in the short term. They could only fight a cruel battle of attrition with the garrison of the Eastern

Heavenly Gate.

However, should he give it? Should he trust Dongyu Jiajiu?

At this moment, Xu Tui suddenly thought about how the Great Xi Clan, which had betrayed the Heavenly Court’s guards in the beginning, had escaped the programming control of the ancient Heavenly Court and completed their betrayal.

Was it possible that it was the method mentioned by Dongyu Jiajiu? According to the feedback of his telepathy, everything was normal. Dongyu Jiajiu did not have any relevant thoughts. However, Xu Tui was hesitant.

“Is that so? I’m looking forward to helping me unify the garrison of the Eastern Heavenly Gate.” Xu Tui laughed loudly. He casually threw two Silver Spirit Boxes to Dongyu Jiajiu.

Dongyu Jiajiu was overjoyed.

“This is your reward. As for giving you more than 10 Connate Soul Pearls to help you break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, I still need to consider it. At the very least, I need time to confirm your loyalty,” Xu Tui said.

“I understand. Time will prove my loyalty.” Dongyu Jiu thanked Xu Tui with respect.

Xu Tui looked at the time when he arrived at the Northern Heavenly Gate. It took him a total of 13 minutes to fly from the Western Heavenly Gate to the Northern Heavenly Gate. He used a normal flying speed of about 120 Mach. The straight distance between the Western Heavenly Gate and the Northern Heavenly Gate was about 30,000 kilometers.

From this point of view, the small universe of the Heavenly Court was very vast, much larger than the Blue Star.

When Xu Tui arrived at the northern Heavenly Gate, the sounds of battle shook the sky. Below the northern Heavenly Gate City Pass, there were nearly 30,000 Heavenly Court guards engaged in a tragic battle with the Great Xi Clan. They were at a disadvantage.

Xu Tui saw everything on the battlefield with his Heavenly Eye. The Great Xi Clan was tricking the Heavenly Court’s defense army. The battlefield was five kilometers below the Heavenly Gate in the north.

Eight kilometers away from the Northern Heavenly Gate, there were also diamond-shaped energy towers erected every thousand meters. Xu Tui recognized them as the energy center of the Great Xi Clan’s quark particles..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1