Chapter 1915: Unsolvable And Overall Attack (1)

Chapter 1915: Unsolvable and Overall Attack (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The new great commander?”

Lu Lei was surrounded by dozens of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts from the Great XI Clan. He slowly approached the eight-mile-wide pass of the Northern Heavenly Gate. He carefully stared at Xu Tui, wanting to get an answer from him.

Nearly 100,000 Heavenly Gate guards stood at the city pass in the north, as if they were facing a great enemy. They were afraid that the Great Xi Clan would launch a full-scale attack at this moment.

At least two commanders had already begun to build a group-like energy array under Xu Tui’s orders. It was the kind that could kill the Nine Satellites Planetary realm in one strike. However, it still required time.

The three Heavenly Court guards who had just focused their fire also began to accumulate energy again. However, it would take at least five minutes.

Seeing that Xu Tui was silent, Lu Lei once again pushed aside the guards and slowly approached the five-kilometer radius of Xu Tui.

This made Xu Tui raise his eyebrows. This guy was very bold. Unfortunately, the fastest force that had built a large-scale energy array in the northern city gate would only take action after four minutes and forty seconds.

Otherwise, Xu Tui might have attacked with all his might to see how great the results of killing the commander-in-chief of the Great Xi Clan’s expeditionary army were.

Lu Lei, who was five kilometers away from the Northern Heavenly Gate City Gate, was very careful. A pair of huge energy wings appeared on his back. The boundless energy fluctuations there shocked Xu Tui.

The energy fluctuations in this pair of huge energy wings actually exceeded the energy fluctuations of all the Nine Satellites Planetary realm on the battlefield. This was probably why Lu Lei dared to approach alone.

“How should I address you? To be able to become a great commander, you are definitely a hero among the guards of the Heavenly Court,” Lu Lei said again.

Xu Tui still did not answer. Instead, he used his mind reading to continuously obtain Lu Lei’s thoughts.

Lu Lei was very shocked that a great commander had appeared in the Northern Heavenly Gate. This was because under normal circumstances, this was impossible. He felt even more depressed.

This was because the difficulty of breaking through the Northern Heavenly

Gate with a great commander and the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass without a great commander were completely different.

It was just like the current battle situation.

Before this, the Great Xi Clan had used the battle rules of the Heavenly Court guards to continuously kill more than 30,000 Heavenly Court guards in just seven to eight days. As long as this continued, they would be able to break through the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass with the least casualties in a month.

But now?

The moment this new great commander appeared, he caused them a huge loss. Seven Nine Satellites Planetary realm died on the spot. This loss was really huge.

Almost all the clansmen of the Great Xi Clan could participate in the battle. There were countless people below the quasi-planetary realm. There were also many Planetary realm experts.

However, the number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts was very scarce. There were a limited number of them in the entire clan.

Every person who died in battle was one less force.

This time, as the commander-in-chief of the expeditionary army, he had attacked the Northern Heavenly Gate of the small universe. The chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi, had gathered a total of 120 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts for him. In the previous seven to eight days of battle, not a single one was missing.

But seven of them died when this new great commander was promoted.

This made Lu Lei’s heart ache.

The Nine Satellites Planetary realm was the true core power of any race. However, the strange thing was that the newly promoted great commander in front of him did not say a word. He only looked at him calmly.

Four minutes later, the huge energy wings on Lu Lei’s back flapped slightly, and he instantly retreated ten kilometers away. Including the other Nine

Satellites Planetary realm experts, they all retreated ten kilometers away.

This was because the energy array of the Northern Heavenly Gate Army had been fully accumulated. It was a little dangerous within ten kilometers.

The other party retreated 10 kilometers away. Xu Tui’s mind reading was useless. He had to use his mind reading within the range of his mental perception. The current 8,000 meters was already his limit.

As for the Heavenly Eye that was achieved with the help of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, it was only from a special observation perspective in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. It could not enlarge the range of his mind reading.

Originally, Xu Tui could have asked Lu Lei, the commander-in-chief of the Great Xi Clan’s expeditionary army, many questions. Even if the other party did not answer, he could still obtain a lot of key information through his mind reading.

However, Xu Tui held back in the end and did not ask that question.

The reason for all of this was Shang Long’s instructions before he came. When facing the higher-ups of the three alien species, he had to keep a low profile and try his best to protect himself.

The alien species used the beheading tactic much more smoothly than the Blue Star.

It was an extremely typical beheading tactic. The Fire God, Gavro, who had once been the founder of the Blue Star’s cultivation system, had been killed by the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor. He had directly destroyed the ambition and future of the Blue Star humans for decades.

The founder of the genetic ancient martial arts, Cheng Fengxi, had also mysteriously disappeared during his prime years. It was still a mystery. It was highly suspected that he had been tricked by a certain race.

Currently, Shang Long was the number one person on the Blue Star on the surface, but the true number one core person on the Blue Star was Xu Tui.

If the three alien species discovered this and locked onto Xu Tui’s location, the incident of the Fire God, Gavro, being killed by a finger might happen again.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui did not speak at this moment. He was also wearing the armor of a Seven Satellites general. No one could figure out his identity.

If the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race was really shameless enough to kill Xu Tui with a finger, Xu Tui would not be confident.

Xu Tui had barely come into contact with the power of the Nebula Realm above the Nine Satellites. It was very strong, but compared to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, it was not that ridiculously strong..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1