Chapter 1919: The Fourth Iron Blood Plan (2)

Chapter 1919: The Fourth Iron Blood Plan (2)

Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This kind of combat style that was purely tempting fate was completely different from the Muyas that Xu Tui knew. “Enlarge the image a little. Switch to multiple screens. I want the image behind too.”

A staff officer immediately carried out Xu Tui’s orders and introduced the scene behind him.

“These guys in purple should be at the highest level of the Muyas.” There were four purple-robed bishops of the Muyas in the middle of the battlefield. Xu Tui even saw his old acquaintance, Klens. He also saw 23 red-robed bishops.

These red-robed cardinals were all powerful Nine Satellites Planetary realm. The ground was blood-red. It was filled with the blood of the Muyas after they died in battle. It was ten kilometers from here. The deaths of more than 100,000 Muyas had already formed a large sea of blood at the Heavenly Gate in the west.

“Continue to zoom in!” Xu Tui frowned. He felt that something was wrong with the sea of blood. Although many Muyas had died in battle, even if they were killed, not much blood would flow out of a Muya. Most of the time, a portion of the blood would stay in the corpses. “Zoom in on this corpse.”

The blood from the wound of a Muya who had died three minutes ago was still flowing.

Wei Bin and the others immediately noticed the problem when Xu Tui pointed. Their expressions changed.

“Commander, the Muyas might be using a special method to collect the blood of their clansmen. They might be holding back their ultimate move or collecting it,” Wei Bin said, pointing at the image.

It could be seen that the sea of blood was only concentrated within a one-kilometer radius of the purple-robed bishop and the red-robed cardinal. There was no blood at all within a one-kilometer radius behind them.

Upon further observation, he realized that the sea of blood under the purple-robed bishops and red -robed cardinals of the Muyas was constantly decreasing.

Unfortunately, the clarity of the image was limited. He could not see what they were doing. As expected, the Muyas were as vicious as ever. They were using the lives of their clansmen to prepare for their ultimate move.

This was the Muyas that Xu Tui knew.

Of course, most of the Muyas who were sent to their deaths were slaves and ordinary civilians among the Muyas.

An ultimate move!

The Muyas were definitely holding back. In the next moment, the image turned to the direction of the Heavenly Gate in the north. The attack of the Great Xi Clan would have the image of a modern war.

Hundreds of Great Xi Clan warrior phalanxes surrounded the successfully built energy center of the quark particles and were constantly focusing fire on the defensive light screen of the Northern Heavenly Gate.

In the middle, there were dozens of Great Xi Clan Warriors formed by nearly 1,000 Planetary realm experts from the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

The main mission of this warrior formation was defense. If a large group of people attacked from the northern city pass, they would be in charge of defense or confrontation. It could withstand most of the concentrated fire, but there would still be results.

In this short period of time, at least 10,000 Great Xi Clan members had been killed by the long-range firepower of the Heavenly Court guards.

It looked like the war mode of the Great Xi Clan was the most normal.

However, in terms of numbers, the Great Xi Clan had caused the greatest decrease in energy to the Heavenly Gate’s Defense Array.

“Do you have a plan?” Xu Tui looked at Wei Bin.

Wei Bin had a bitter expression. It was not that the staff committee did not

have a battle plan, but the difference in strength between the enemy and themselves was too great.

Currently, the only people who could gather on the Blue Star were the expeditionary forces under Xu Tui. There were only 200 -odd Planetary realm experts who could be placed on the battlefield.

What could 200 Planetary realm experts do?

Even if the regiment commander personally participated in the battle, no matter where the Heavenly Gate participated, as long as the other party sent more than five Nine Satellites Planetary realms to cooperate with other troops, they would be able to swallow the Blue Star troops who participated in the battle.

In reality, on the battlefield of the three races, there were more than 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts from each race. As long as the Blue Star troops dared to participate in the battle outside the Heavenly Gate, they would most likely be devoured by these Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts.

Of course, they could go up to various cities to fight the enemy. However, the effect of 200 Planetary realm experts was very limited. The possibility of the Blue Star’s automated troops participating in the battle was not very useful.

The energy defense screens at the various Heavenly Gate gates were a huge obstacle. Only energy attacks could blast out of the city from the inside of the city pass. All matter could not pass through.

There was no need for long-range gunfire for the time being. He could only use it when the energy defense screen at the Heavenly Gate City Gate was broken. However, at some point, the small universe of the Heavenly Court would probably be about to be broken through.

“What about the three-phase thermal explosive?” Xu Tui asked.

“After the simulation, the three-phase thermal bomb has to be thrown five kilometers away to be detonated so that it will not affect the defense of the Heavenly Gate City Pass. Based on the current situation, only the Muyas would be of great use. The Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan would blast the bomb from afar before the three-phase thermal bomb could land. We might even injure ourselves, unless…”

“Unless what?”

“Unless we use the extremely fast Planetary realm as a suicide team and charge into the enemy’s formation with a few three-phase thermal bombs…”

Wei Bin did not say anything else. Both Xu Tui and Wei Bin knew very well how fast a Planetary realm was on the Blue Star. How many times could he withstand such consumption?

“Commander, from the looks of it, we can only rely on the power of the Heavenly Court guards to defend the small universe of the Heavenly Court. In terms of quality and quantity, the power of the Heavenly Court guards was actually very powerful.

“Currently, there are still 1.4 million troops left. Among them, there are about 280,000 Planetary realm experts. It’s a terrifying number,” Zhu Lang, who had been transferred over to be a staff officer, said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1