Chapter 1911: The Great Xi Clan’S Corpse Collection And The Hammer Killing (3)

Chapter 1911: The Great Xi Clan’s Corpse Collection and the Hammer Killing (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After the battle on Ceres Star destroyed the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan, Cai Shaochu followed the information Jin Ji had told him and found the secret base of the Great Xi Clan hidden in the solar system.

It was an asteroid with an extremely harsh survival environment. There was a military base of the Great Xi Clan built underground. At the center of the base was such a diamond-shaped energy center of quark particles.

This was the base version of the Great Xi Clan’s quark particle jumper. At the same time, it was also the energy distribution center of the Great XI Clan. It could absorb all kinds of energy, even invisible particle energy waves. It could be absorbed and stored, then converted into energy that was commonly used by the Great Xi Clan.

Any member of the Great Xi Clan whose cultivation had reached a certain level could obtain its energy supply remotely as long as they were within the range of the energy center of the quark particles.

The optimal energy supply range was 1,000 meters, and the furthest energy supply range was 10,000 meters. To the Great Xi Clan, as long as they had energy, they had everything. It could be used to recover from various injuries and allow them to continue fighting.

As long as it was there, especially within a 1,000-meter radius, any member of the Great Xi Clan would feel as if they had three to four lives.

Of course, the greatest and most important function of the energy center of this quark particle was to be used as a super long-range jumper. When its energy was full, the executives of the Great Xi Clan could sense and locate its location from afar and be remotely activated.

However, it would take 60 years for such a diamond-shaped quark particle energy center to be filled with the various free energies of the planet even if no one consumed it.

The last time the diamond -shaped quark energy center in Gu Ji’s secret military base was filled, Günter and the others had frantically collected all kinds of energy and Origin Crystals to replenish it. It had taken them a full 18 years.

Then, he warped the executive, Gu Ji, over. Then, there was no ‘then’.

At this moment, at least 100 diamond-shaped quark particle energy centers were established 15 kilometers behind the battlefield. All of them were constantly flickering with light.

As long as the Great Xi Clan members who were fighting the guards of the Heavenly Court were injured or the energy in their bodies was depleted to a certain extent, the nearby energy center would flicker slightly and immediately replenish their energy.

This made the Great Xi Clan become an unkillable cockroach. The guards of the Heavenly Court did not receive such treatment. Therefore, the Great Xi Clan suffered very small losses, but the guards of the Heavenly Court kept dying in battle.

When Dongyu Jiajiu introduced Xu Tui, the special envoy, to the many commanders of the Northern Heavenly Gate, Xu Tui’s Heavenly Eye made another shocking discovery.

The Great Xi Clan was actually collecting the corpses of the guards of the Heavenly Court. The corpses of the Heavenly Court guards who had been killed were actually continuously dragged away by the Great Xi Clan.

On the battlefield, the Great Xi Clan actually organized a corpse-dragging team. As long as a guard of the Heavenly Court died in battle, they would immediately drag them away and collect them.

Xu Tui did not understand the reason why the Great Xi Clan did this. However, there must be an extremely important reason for them to do this on the battlefield. It might even have a strategic significance.

Currently, the guards of the Heavenly Court who had died in battle could not be revived. It was very likely that the Great Xi Clan had a way to use the corpses of the guards of the Heavenly Court.

In the battle between the two armies below, the Heavenly Gate in the north had sent out a total of three armies under their commanders. They had sent out 30,000 people. At this point, according to Xu Tui’s calculations, the casualties had exceeded 10%.

They had suffered heavy losses. What worried Xu Tui even more was that the Great Xi Clan’s collection of the corpses of the guards of the Heavenly Court made him feel a little uneasy.

“Yi Shisi, give the order to retreat,” Xu Tui ordered.

On the northern side of the Heavenly Gate, the most experienced commander was called Beiyu Yi Shisi. Although he could not command all the commanders, if he gave the order to retreat, the three commanders of the Heavenly Court who were fighting below would definitely retreat immediately.

The reason was very simple. The reason why these three commanders of the Heavenly Court attacked was that they had no choice but to fight because of the rules of the Heavenly Court.

An attack force of the Great Xi Clan appeared in the area they were on duty. It could be said that their three troops had been lured out by the Great Xi Clan using the rules. They could only fight bitterly.

However, at this moment, the casualties had not reached a certain level. The enemy had not been wiped out, but they could not retreat. They could only fight bitterly. Of course, if the order to retreat sounded from the Northern Heavenly Gate City, they would definitely retreat immediately.

“Retreat?” Beiyu Yi Shisi glanced at the so-called special envoy brought by Dongyu Jiajiu. He straightened his neck and refused, “Lord Envoy, I don’t have the right to retreat at the last minute! In such a war, no one other than the great commander is allowed to retreat at the last minute.

“Moreover, if we retreat now, these three divisions will be pursued. We will definitely suffer heavy losses.”

According to his mental feedback, Beiyu Yi Shisi actually had doubts about Xu Tui, this so-called special envoy. He even hated him. Currently, he has the highest prestige in the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass. The appearance of Xu Tui, the special envoy, made him feel very uncomfortable.

“Retreat!” Xu Tui glanced at Beiyu Yi Shisi again and shouted.

This time, Beiyu Yi Shisi ignored Xu Tui. Instead, he shouted coldly, “Our Northern Heavenly Gate is not a place for an envoy of unknown origin like you to behave atrociously.”

Dongyu Jiajiu’s expression changed when he heard that. He immediately took a step forward. He had the intention to open his eyes for Xu Tui. However, at the same time, the auras around Beiyu Yi Shisi and the other five commanders of the Heavenly Court who were following Beiyu Yi Shisi soared. They counterattacked Dongyu Jiajiu, causing him to instantly not dare to move. It was the lair of the Northern Heavenly Gate. If this continued, it would be a one-on-one battle!

Xu Tui sneered. “You have a death wish!” Suddenly, he clenched his hands slightly. A huge hammer suddenly appeared in his hands. On the other end of the huge hammer was the shadow of a five-mountain mountain.

At this moment, Xu Tui was only 20 to 30 meters away from Beiyu Yi Shisi. In an instant, Xu Tui swung the huge hammer with the mountain as the head of the Mace toward Beiyu Yi Shisi at lightning speed.

The mountain hammer smashed down with a thunderous sound.

Beiyu Yi Shisi instantly sensed the power of Xu Tui’s mountain hammer. He shouted and attacked at the same time with the five commanders behind him. It was just that time was too tight. Otherwise, if Beiyu Yi Shisi had 30 seconds, he could have mobilized 1,000 personal guards to attack the special envoy in front of him at the same time.

Even so, the momentum of the six peak-level Eight Satellites Planetary realm commanders attacking at the same time was extremely shocking. Even if the strength of the guards of the Heavenly Court was slightly weaker than those of the same level, it was still extremely shocking.

The attacks of the six commanders of the Heavenly Court slammed into Xu Tui’s Mountain Hammer. The hammer shadow was instantly destroyed, but only the first level of the Mount Tai Hammer Shadow was destroyed. The other four hammer shadows continued to smash down.

In the end, the six commanders of the Heavenly Court destroyed Xu Tui’s two layers of the Mountain Hammer. The third layer of the Mountain Hammer was the Hengshan Hammer. It was enhanced by the Mount Heng Divine Seal. The Mount Heng Divine Seal shone brightly as it smashed down like lightning.

Boom! As the northern Heavenly Gate City Pass trembled slightly, Beiyu Yi

Shisi disappeared in front of everyone. It was smashed into pieces by Xu Tui’s hammer.

Behind Xu Tui, Dongyu Jiu’s pupils constricted. He looked at Xu Tui with a hint of fear. Under the siege of six Heavenly Court commanders, he could kill a peak-level Eight Satellites commander with a hammer. How strong and terrifying was the special envoy in front of him?

Being able to kill Beiyu Yi Shisi with one hammer meant that he, Dongyu Jiajiu, could also be killed with one hammer.

Just as Dongyu Jiajiu was feeling inexplicably shocked, Xu Tui’s actions seemed to have provoked a hornet’s nest. The five surviving commanders, the other 20-odd commanders present, and their personal guards surrounded Xu Tui. Their auras rose. They wanted to surround and annihilate Xu Tui.

In the next moment, Xu Tui raised Beiyu Yi14’s morphed head high. The Lord Ji Shui Seal and the South Pole Longevity Emperor Seal flew out from behind his head at the same time, especially the South Pole Longevity Emperor Seal. In an instant, divine light shot out like a sea.

“Beiyu Yi Shisi didn’t listen to the orders, executed immediately!”

Xu Tui’s actions, coupled with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, immediately stunned the commanders.

In the next moment, he pointed in the direction of the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass. “The battle below the city is disadvantageous. Pass down the order to withdraw the troops and reward one Connate Soul Pearl.”

A Silver Spirit Box suddenly flew out and floated in front of Xu Tui.

“Lord Special Envoy, I can ring the sound of retreat!” A commander flashed out, and a low and distant sound instantly rang out. At the same time, the Heavenly Court’s defense army that was fighting bitterly on the battlefield also reacted..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1