Chapter 1916: Unsolvable And Overall Attack (2)

Chapter 1916: Unsolvable and Overall Attack (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, a Small Universe powerhouse was really as powerful as if he had been reborn. There was no model to refer to, but its power was definitely much stronger than the known Nine Satellites and Nebula Realm.

Not to mention anything else, just his lifespan was different.

Within the Spiritual Race, those below the Nine Satellites Planetary realm could live for at most 300 years. However, after breaking through to the Nine Satellites, they could live for at most 600 years. When they broke through to the Nebula Realm, the public Nebula Realm experts of the Spiritual Race could live for as long as 800 years.

From this data, even if one broke through to the extreme of the Nebula Realm, their lifespan would only be about 800 years.

However, the lifespan of a Small Universe powerhouse was in the thousands of years. At the very least, the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race, the Yuan of the Great Xi Clan, and the lord of Muyas all had lifespans of more than 3,000 years.

What about their strength?

Therefore, although Xu Tui’s strength had increased very quickly recently, he had become more and more low-key.

Xu Tui turned around and flew into the Northern Heavenly Gate. However, when he entered the Northern Heavenly Gate, he stopped in front of the defense screen of the Northern Heavenly Gate for an extremely short moment. This was because even though he had the status of a special envoy, he could not pass through the defense screen of the Northern Heavenly Gate with his status.

He needed the great commander to turn on the defense screen for Xu Tui.

This extremely short pause made Lu Lei, who was waving his energy wings behind him, have a cold gaze. After watching Xu Tui enter the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass, Lu Lei looked at the commanders of the Northern Heavenly Gate from afar and greeted Xu Tui. He slowly shook his head. “This person is not a newly promoted great commander.”

At the side, Lu Tiejun, who was Lu Lei’s deputy, looked at him. “Commander, I don’t quite understand! Didn’t you say that he was the new great commander of the Heavenly Court?”

“If he is really the new great commander of the Heavenly Court, he will be able to enter and exit the Northern Heavenly Gate without any obstruction.” It was the chief of staff of the expeditionary army, Gu Chang, who explained to Lu Tiejun.

“Actually, I hope that he is the new great commander of the Heavenly Court.” Lu Lei sighed.

“Commander, should we report this discovery to the other two races?” Gu Chang asked.

“How can there be such a convenient thing? If I’m tricked, they’ll be tricked too! Besides, with such a figure in the Heavenly Court, they will definitely deal with the current siege of the Heavenly Court by the three races.

“As long as he goes to the other two Heavenly Gates, the pressure on us will be greatly reduced. We might be able to find an opportunity to break through the city,” Lu Lei said.

Lu Tiejun was a little confused by Lu Lei’s conversation with Gu Chang. One moment, he thought that it was not the case, and the next, he hoped that this person was the new great commander of the Heavenly Court.

“Commander, then implement the attack strategy. We’ll try our best to launch as few attacks as possible in the next few days. Our top priority is to advance the construction of the energy center,” Gu Chang said.

“Yes, there has to be our energy center within ten kilometers or even nine kilometers. If we can build five energy centers within a ten-kilometer radius and give them sufficient energy, we can also withstand the concentrated fire of the Heavenly Court guards,” Lu Lei said.

“Understood. I’ll arrange it immediately.”

Then, Gu Chang gave Lu Tiejun, who was still a little confused, a little pointer. It was not that Lu Tiejun was stupid, but he could not turn the corner for a moment.

If the guy who had severely injured them just now was only a new great commander of the Heavenly Court, his influence and range of activity would only be limited to the Northern Heavenly Gate. Moreover, due to his identity, only the guards of the Heavenly Court could be mobilized.

However, if he was not the newly promoted great commander of the Heavenly

Court’s guards, those who could command the garrison at the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass would definitely be the top existences in the ancient Heavenly Court.

For example, the six rulers, the Five Emperors, the Queen Mother of the West, the Tung Wang Kung, the Three Official Emperors, or the Heavenly Kings. However, no matter which one it was, they were dozens of times more threatening than a new great commander.

Xu Tui, who had returned to the Northern Heavenly Gate City, was still thinking about the battle when Dongyu Jiajiu and the others had already placed the corpses of the four Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the Great XI Clan in front of him.

The corpses of the three people who had been killed by the concentrated fire did not have a chance to be dragged back. The corpses of the four huge Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts, especially the remnant Nine Satellites Planetary realm aura, shocked the commanders of the Heavenly Court.

Four Nine Satellites. Every one of them was an existence at the level of a great commander, but they were easily killed by the special envoy in front of him in an extremely short period of time.

The question was—how strong was the special envoy?

The guards of the Heavenly Court were considered part of the military. Other than marshal, what affected them the most was their individual strength. It could be said that Xu Tui, the special envoy, had already conquered them with his own strength.

After all, even a great commander would not be able to achieve such a battle record. Perhaps only the Northern Heavenly Gate’s Marshal, who had disappeared previously, had such strength.

“You did well. This is your reward.” Xu Tui praised him and gave Dongyu Jiajiu and the other three commanders who had followed Dongyu Jiajiu into battle a Connate Soul Pearl, which was the Silver Spirit Box.

To be able to take the initiative to follow him into battle, they needed to be affirmed. All of a sudden, the commanders of the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass looked at Xu Tui, the special envoy, with envy.

Many people had bad intentions. If they had taken the initiative to fight just now, would they have been able to obtain a Connate Soul Pearl?

That was a Connate Soul Pearl..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1