Chapter 1924: The Harvest In The Heavenly Court And The Danger Of Breach (3)

Chapter 1924: The Harvest in the Heavenly Court and the Danger of Breach (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It had to be said that the size of the prefecture in the Heavenly Court also determined the status of the clergy. The five Holy Temples of the Five

Mountains Holy Temple combined were not as big as Star Lord Ji Shui.

In the end, they only contributed 10 Star Guards of the Five Satellites to Xu Tui.

This was after Xu Tui rewarded them.

However, he did not leave the Five Mountains Holy Temple immediately.

Instead, he went to the Mount Song Holy Temple and activated the Five

Mountains Suppression Form. He let the two great divine seals, Huashan and Hengshan, fly out and land in the middle of the Holy Temple. He wanted to find the whereabouts of the Mount Song divine seal.

The Five Mountains Suppression Star was Xu Tui’s most powerful nova. With the five mountains as his support, the power of every additional mountain would increase greatly.

Xu Tui instinctively felt that if the seals of the Five Mountains were gathered, the power of his Five Mountains Suppression Nova would definitely increase exponentially.

The two divine seals of Mount Hua and Mount Heng, coupled with the Five Mountains Suppression Nova that had an extremely compatible aura, could indeed activate the aura of the Mount Song Holy Temple.

But he could sense that the aura of the Mount Song Divine Seal was extremely faint. He could vaguely sense it, but it was very, very far away. There was no possibility of finding it for the time being.

Xu Tui did not give up. He tried the Mount Heng Divine Seal and the Mount Tai Divine Seal one by one. Originally, he had already thought of giving up when he tried the Mount Tai Divine Seal. He only wanted to do his best and sense it.

However, this perception stunned him.

The aura of the Mount Tai Divine Seal actually trembled under the guidance of the two divine seals. Its location became clearer.

It was in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui activated the two divine seals of Mount Hua and Mount Heng with all his might and sensed the whereabouts of the Mount Tai divine seal. If he could find the three divine seals, the possibility of finding the other two divine seals would increase exponentially.

At the same time, outside the Western Heavenly Gate, on the battlefield behind the Muyas who were attacking the Western Heavenly Gate, the purple-robed Bishop, Milolis, suddenly frowned. He looked at the seal hanging at his waist and actually trembled for some reason. As it trembled, it even emitted a faint light.

“Did you sense your home?” The purple-robed Bishop, Milolis, gently stroked the seal at his waist and comforted it with his mind power. “Don’t worry. It won’t be long before I bring you back to your home. I might even remold a divine item for you.”

Although Milolis was comforting it, the seal at his waist was trembling even more violently. It even emitted a faint divine light.

It had to be known that these were the secret arms of the Muyas to break through the Western Heavenly Gate. He would definitely not allow it to be exposed at this moment.

The time had not come.

The Mount Tai Divine Seal was sealed by Milolis with his holy power.

In the Mount Tai Holy Temple, Xu Tui instantly lost contact with the Mount

Tai Divine Seal. However, the moment he lost contact with the Mount Tai Divine Seal, he had already vaguely sensed the location of the Mount Tai Divine Seal.

It was outside the Western Heavenly Gate , in an extremely chaotic place.

Xu Tui knew very well who was outside the Western Gate. It was the Muyas. The Mount Tai Divine Seal was in the hands of the Muyas.

This was a very dangerous discovery. Xu Tui noticed a huge crisis almost instantly. This was because the four Heavenly Gates were not guarded against Star Lords. As long as he held the Star Lord’s Star Official Seal, he could bring it directly through the defensive light screen of the four Heavenly Gates.

Xu Tui did not know about it before, but he did now. The seals of the various Star Lords could naturally enter and leave the defensive light screens of the four Heavenly Gates at will. They were also one of the few objects that could transmigrate through the defensive light screens of the four Heavenly Gates.

As long as they raised the seal, they could enter and leave freely without the permission of the guards of the Heavenly Court. This privilege was only limited to official Star Lords. Other subordinate officials under the Star Lord Prefecture did not have this privilege.

Xu Tui instantly thought of a hair-raising possibility. If he was a Muya of the Nine Satellites, would he be able to break into the Western Heavenly Gate city pass with this Mount Tai Divine Seal?

That was almost as if he had entered an uninhabited area. Even if they could not break through in a short period of time, it would instantly cause chaos in the Western Heavenly Gate and greatly reduce their strength.

The Muyas holding the seal did not use it to break through. It was very likely that they were waiting for the opportunity to break through. When the power of the Heavenly Court guards was almost depleted, they would break through in one fell swoop.

This discovery made Xu Tui a little dejected. He thought that the four Heavenly Gates were very likely full of loopholes. Currently, the Blue Star humans did not even have 10% of the Star Official Seals that the ancient Heavenly Court had destroyed.

In that case, other than the Mount Tai Divine Seal, were there any other Star Official Seals?

There is! There definitely is! And there was more than one!

Perhaps the Muyas, the Spiritual Race, and the Great Xi Clan all had such seals. The reason why they had not used it was that the time was not right. According to this deduction, the four Heavenly Gates of the small universe of the Heavenly Court might be broken through at any time.

However, the problem was, so what if Xu Tui knew about this?

Xu Tui knew that the Mount Tai Divine Seal was in the hands of the Muyas. He would be able to discover it as long as he arrived at the west side of the Heavenly Gate.

However, so what if he discovered it? Could he snatch it back?

He could not snatch it back!

There were 40 to 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts on standby at the center and back of the Muyas. Xu Tui would not be able to snatch them even if he led all the experts of the Blue Star to attack.

He could only sacrifice himself.

From this point of view, Wei Bin’s fourth iron-blooded plan could not be more correct.

“Lieutenant Wei, speed up the implementation of the fourth Iron Blood Plan.” Xu Tui gave Wei Bin an order. At the same time, he immediately contacted Cai Shaochu and the others.

“Mr. Shang, go to the Eastern Heavenly Gate and guard it. If you notice the

Spiritual Race’s Nine Satellites Planetary realm invade, kill them immediately.”

“Principal Cai, bring some people to the Western Heavenly Gate to guard it. If you discover a Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator from the Muya barge in, pester them for reinforcements.”

“Miss Erera, please go to the Northern Heavenly Gate to guard it. If any Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Great Xi Clan break in, hold them back and wait for reinforcements.”

These were three people under Xu Tui who could barely resist the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. With the cooperation of others, Shang Long had a chance of killing them. It was already good enough that Cai Shaochu and Erera could resist.

Xu Tui gave such an order as a precaution. Then, he contacted Yan Lie and the others, who had yet to set off, through the high-level colony of Ceres Star.

“Yan Lie, bring my token to see Shui Zhi. Tell him that no matter how much his strength has recovered, he has to appear in the small universe of the Heavenly Court within a day. Of course, I will definitely abide by the agreement that he will not fight the Spiritual Race.”

“Also, all members of the expeditionary army, speed up the refinement and comprehension of the origin power of the four Origin Palaces. Those who have completed their comprehension will immediately enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court,” Xu Tui ordered.

Shui Zhi was another Nine Satellites under Xu Tui. Previously, he had cloned a physical body for him at all costs. Now, he has mostly recovered.

“Don’t worry, Commander. I’ll give the order immediately.” Yan Lie’s response was very fast.

“By the way, Yan Lie, tell me when Ullr enters the small universe of the Heavenly Court.”

“Understood, Commander. According to the plan, Ullr will enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court within two hours.”

The reason why Xu Tui paid attention to Ullr was that the Lightning Divine Seal that Ullr had refined was the most valuable seal other than the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1