Chapter 1922: The Harvest In The Heavenly Court And The Danger Of Breach (1)

Chapter 1922: The Harvest in the Heavenly Court and the Danger of Breach (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had a basic understanding of the rules of the ancient Heavenly Court.

The various Divine Duty Halls in the Heavenly Court controlled ordinary Divine Duties of different numbers and levels according to the level of the Divine Duty.

Taking Star Lord Ji Shui as an example, he should be an existence that surpassed the Nine Satellites. He had three Star Officials, 15 Star Deacons, and 1,000 Star Guards under him.

The lowest requirement for the three Star Officials was the Eight Satellites

Planetary realm, while the lowest requirement for the Star Deacon was the Six Satellites or the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. However, there were very few Eight Satellites.

The minimum requirement for the selection of the 1,000 Star Guards was the One Satellite Planetary realm. However, in reality, the various Star Lords were all smart people. No one would choose the One Satellite as the Star Guards. They would usually choose the Four Satellites or Five Satellites as the Star Guards. Occasionally, when there was really no one left, they would add the Three Satellites Planetary realm to their own Star Guards.

Other than Bao Zhang, there was also another one-star Star Deacon. Just like Bao Zhang, they were all at the peak of the Six Satellites Planetary realm. The other 18 people were all Star Guards.

Among the Star Guards, five of them were the Five Satellites, and the remaining 13 were all at the Four Satellites Planetary realm. These people more or less had the so-called demon characteristics of the ancient Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui even suspected that the Muyas had evolved from the demons of the ancient Heavenly Court. Of course, there was still a difference between the Muyas and the so-called demons.

For example, the final evolution form of the demons was that of humans. However, the Muyas were the genetic characteristics of some demons that were constantly magnified and powerful.

The powerful Muya Warriors that Xu Tui had seen in the past, such as the human beast, the Golden Winged Dragon, Darak, and the three-headed dog-faced beast, Bai Qisi, were far more powerful than human genes.

However, the priests, bishops, red-robed cardinals, and purple-robed bishops among the Muyas were all in human form. This caused Xu Tui to have new doubts about his previous judgment. It indirectly overturned his previous judgment.

Or could it be that the Muyas had two completely different evolution systems? These low-level clergy of the Star Lord’s Manor could be said to be all Gumya people.

“Bao Zhang, have you seen the previous Star Lord in the past?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Yes,” Bao Zhang gave an affirmative answer.

“What did the previous Star Lord look like? Was he the same as you or me?” Xu Tui asked.

“This… I don’t know,” Bao Zhang replied.

“You don’t? How is that possible? Haven’t you seen him before?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Sir, I usually don’t dare to look the Star Lord in the eye. Moreover, the Star Lord’s true body usually won’t be known to us. We have confirmed the identity of the Star Lord through the Divine Duty Seal as we will naturally sense it,” Bao Zhang said.

What Bao Zhang said was true. Ever since Xu Tui, the Star Lord, returned to the hall a few minutes ago, he could sense that there were 20 extremely clear auras of communication on the Ji Shui Star Lord’s seal. They were the 20 people in front of him.

Xu Tui could give orders to everyone under him through the seal of the Ji Shui Star Lord. He could even control the life and death of others. Just like the guards of the Heavenly Court, the ancient Heavenly Court was very strict with the management of these Gumya people.

He could not even break through normally.

For example, Bao Zhang had long reached the peak of the Six Satellites Planetary realm after 2,000 years of hard work. However, he had never been able to break through to the Seven Satellites because he did not have the permission of the Star Lord.

“Do the three Star Officials look like you or me?” Xu Tui asked again.

“My lord, one of the three Star Officials is similar to the Star Lord. He has the highest status. Usually, when the Star Lord is not around, we will follow his orders. The other two Star Officials are similar to me,” Bao Zhang said.

This was what Xu Tui wanted to know. Then, he asked Bao Zhang some more questions and he roughly understood.

In the ancient Heavenly Court, no matter what the clergy was, the Huaxia

Divine Race was respected. Yes, the people at that time were called the Huaxia Divine Race. If a Huaxia Divine Race appeared in the Star Guards, even a higher-level Star Deacon like Bao Zhang would have to be careful and not dare to order him around.

At the same time, the Huaxia Divine Race did not have restrictions in breakthroughs.

When one’s cultivation reached a certain level, they would be able to break through. Unlike Bao Zhang and the others, they would not be able to break through without the reward of the Star Lord.

Xu Tui looked at Bao Zhang and went straight into the main hall of the Star Lord’s Manor. He sat on the main seat. The Star Lord’s Seal instantly shone brightly and shot out a divine light that landed on Bao Zhang.

The moment the divine light landed, Bao Zhang’s entire body trembled, and his aura began to soar on the spot.

This was a new function of Xu Tui’s Ji Shui Star Lord Seal. In the next moment, 19 beams of divine light shot out from the seal at the same time and landed on the other 19 officials. The moment their auras trembled, they all began to soar.

“You guys have contributed to the defense of the house. Reward.”

The officials thanked the Star Lord for his reward with trembling voices. Then, Xu Tui steadily observed the situation of these people’s breakthroughs. He wanted to see how far they could accumulate over the years.

How far could they break through in one go?

If they could break through many times, Xu Tui could not wait for them to break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui was disappointed.

Take Bao Zhang, who had once cultivated with him, as an example. After breaking through to the Seven Satellites Planetary realm, his cultivation level had only increased to the mid-stage of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. The others had all broken through the current restrictions..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1