Chapter 1920: The Fourth Iron Blood Plan (3)

Chapter 1920: The Fourth Iron Blood Plan (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Can we defend it in the end?” Xu Tui asked.

Zhu Lang opened his mouth and finally shook his head helplessly. “The Pangu Al has already made a data model and deduced it hundreds of times. The current situation was that the small universe of the Heavenly Court could not be defended. Although the guards of the Heavenly Court are elite, they lack mobility and top combat strength.”

This was actually the biggest problem at the moment. The strongest guards of the Heavenly Court were the 140-odd commanders. All of them had the strength of a peak-level Eight Satellites.

However, because the guards of the Heavenly Court were mass-produced, their true combat strength was one level lower than cultivators of the same level. The combat strength of the peak of the Eight Satellites was only on par with the peak of the Seven Satellites.

There were too few top-notch combatants.

There might be close to 400 people in the Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Muyas, the Spiritual Race, and the Great Xi Clan. There might be even more people in the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. There might be 1,000 to 1,500 people.

Just the combat strength of 2,000 people had a crushing advantage over the guards of the Heavenly Court.

“What can we do at the moment for us to effectively participate in the defense of the small universe of the Heavenly Court and provide true and effective assistance?” Xu Tui asked.

“Three!” Wei Bin quickly pushed a battle plan in front of Xu Tui. However, the two battle plans could only be used in the later stages of the battle. The other one also required an opportunity in the middle to late stages.

The first plan was to wash the floor with three-phase thermal bombs and short- and medium-range firearms. However, the prerequisite for using this plan was that the defensive light screens of the four city passes would all shatter and disappear.

Basically, when the defensive light screen was broken, the defense battle of the Heavenly Court’s small universe had already entered the late stages.

The second plan was for millions of automated and robot troops to participate in the battle, provided that the defensive light screen shattered.

However, the effect was hard to say. Once the Automation Force and the robot troops were approached, even if they faced an enemy at the Transmutation Realm, they would not be able to withstand a single attack and would only be slaughtered.

The third plan was to form a beheading team with the top experts of the Blue Star, such as Xu Tui, Shang Long, Erera, and the others. They would find an opportunity to severely injure the enemy or kill the enemy’s commander or even the Nine Satellites Planetary realm to reduce the pressure.

As for the outcome, it was unpredictable. It all depended on actual combat. The anger in Xu Tui’s heart dissipated after he read the three reluctantly proposed battle plans and the hundreds of negative battle plans that flashed across his computer.

It was not that the staff committee was incompetent, but that the alliance of the three races was too powerful.

You can’t make bricks without straw.

Currently, there are only 200 Planetary realm experts on the Blue Star. Most of them were below the Five Satellites. Even if they disregarded the consumption in the later stages and pulled all the quasi-planetary experts over, there would not be more than 3,000 people.

There was no comparison between tens of millions and 3,000. In terms of top experts, Shang Long was one of the Nine Satellites, Xu Tui was another, and Erera was another. There was no comparison.

Cai Shaochu also arrived at this moment. After reading all the information on the battlefield, Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui were silent. The Blue Star was too weak. Although they had obtained a chance to participate in the battle, the changes they could bring were extremely limited.

“Commander, there’s actually a fourth battle plan,” Wei Bin said as he walked to Xu Tui’s side.

“Hmm?”

Wei Bin handed Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu a battle plan marked as top-secret. “I drafted this myself.”

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu took it. They only glanced at it before they started reading with all their might. Clearly, Wei Bin’s fourth top-secret battle plan had a certain feasibility.

“Principal, do you think this fourth top-secret battle plan is feasible?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s very feasible and very difficult to operate! If we’re not careful, we’ll lose the entire game,” Cai Shaochu said very seriously. “However, at the moment, we don’t have many choices. For now, this might be the only effective way. Other than being a little iron-blooded, there’s nothing wrong with it.”

The corners of Xu Tui’s lips curled up slightly. “How can war not be iron-blooded?” After saying that, he signed the document that Wei Bin had handed him. “Execute it. It’s the fourth iron-blooded battle plan.”

“Understood!” Wei Bin saluted Xu Tui solemnly. Then, he handed Xu Tui another plan.

The Immigration Prevention Plan.

According to the estimates of the general staff, they had to consider the worst-case scenario. For example, once the small universe of the Heavenly Court was breached, Planet Kono, the Moon, Mars, and the Blue Star, especially the Blue Star, would be the main targets of the three alien species.

At that time, the people on the Blue Star would either become slaves, be captured, or die. Now, he had to make preparations. If the worst-case scenario really happened in the future, they would be able to save more of the Blue Star humans. They would be able to have an additional spark for their future renaissance.

“Have you chosen your target planet for the immigration?” Xu Tui asked.

“We’ve chosen. The planets that the regiment commander provided previously are only used as escape planets. Currently, we still choose the planets in the solar system. Even if the extraterrestrial invaders swept through planet after planet, under normal circumstances, it would still take three years to find us. Moreover, we have more than one planet to avoid danger. At that time, we can even fight guerrilla warfare,” Wei Bin said.

“A great person’s tactic.” Cai Shaochu was solemn.

Xu Tui nodded. Suddenly, he was not as desperate as before. A few words instantly appeared in his mind..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1