Chapter 1926: The Six Imperials Who Died In Battle? (2)

Chapter 1926: The Six Imperials Who Died in Battle? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind power instantly entered the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei. He began to refine the seal.

In just a few seconds, Xu Tui roughly calculated the time needed to refine it.

Currently, his mind power was more than double that of the last time he came to the small universe of the Heavenly Court. His mental body had also greatly strengthened. The refinement speed had increased compared to the last time. However, he estimated that the refinement period was still more than ten days.

Xu Tui could not accept this urgent moment and time.

Just as he had the intention to retreat and give up on refining the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal, the Great Emperor Longevity’s seal suddenly surged with divine might again and surged toward the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal.

Xu Tui did not know if it was because there was a communication between the two great seals or if it was because of the suppression of the Lord’s divine might. In any case, the speed at which his mind power seeped into the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal suddenly increased by more than a hundred times.

In just a minute, the refinement progress was close to 2%. Ten minutes later, his refinement progress of the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal reached 10%. After reaching 15%, the pressure on the refinement increased greatly again. The divine might of the Longevity Emperor’s Seal seemed to have lost its suppressive effect.

Xu Tui was extremely excited. The 15% refinement progress had already exceeded the standard of being absorbed into his body.

In other words, Xu Tui could put the Great Emperor Ziwei’s Seal into his body and slowly refine it. The refinement speed would become slower and slower in the later stages. However, as long as it was absorbed into his body, he would be in charge.

Thirty seconds later, a purple light flashed. The Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal instantly disappeared and appeared behind Xu Tui’s mental body above his force field.

The purple light was very dim, but the dim light seeped into his Five Mountains Suppression Nova from afar. It made the Five Mountains Suppression Nova look even more solemn.

The mountains and rivers were all under the orders of the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole. There were two great divine seals, Mount Heng and Mount Hua, on the Five Mountains Suppression Nova. This was the reason why the purple light fell.

Unfortunately, the refinement progress was only 15%. If the refinement progress was like the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, it would definitely greatly increase the power of the Five Mountains Suppression Nova.

However, Xu Tui did not stay in the Ziwei Palace for long.

That was because Xu Tui had discovered a possibility. Based on the situation just now, he might even be able to refine all of the Six Imperial Seals into his body. Even if he could not refine it 100%, he would still be someone who had mastered the control of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. He might have an unexpected discovery.

In the next moment, Xu Tui left the Ziwei Palace. The moment he left, the door of the Ziwei Palace closed automatically. Purple energy surrounded and sealed it.

In less than five minutes, he arrived in front of another palace.

Yuqing Palace.

It was said that the Yuqing Palace was the residence of the most respected of the six imperials, the Jade Emperor. The Jade Emperor was also the leader of the gods in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. He had the most authority.

For example, the Heavenly King in charge of the armaments of the Heavenly Court was directly under the Jade Emperor.

With his previous experience in the Ziwei Palace, Xu Tui charged toward the Yuqing Palace with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the seal of the Ziwei Emperor of the North Pole.

Under the clear light of the plaque of the Yuqing Palace, the two seals in Xu Tui’s hand also soared into the sky.

However, there was no movement at the door of the Yuqing Palace.

It was not open! Xu Tui was stunned. What was going on? Why was it different from the Ziwei Palace? According to the pattern he had discovered previously, this should not be the case. With the penetration of the divine might of the two Great Emperor Seals, Xu Tui’s mental perception could vaguely seep into the Yuqing Palace of the Jade Emperor.

Xu Tui could vaguely sense a sense of desolation, its aura was extremely cold.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows. His mind power sank into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole again, and the light of the divine seal appeared. Among them, there were two spots of light leaning against each other. They were both relatively shiny. There was also a black dot, two of which were very stable, and a gray dot.

Xu Tui still did not understand what these spots of light meant. In that case, was the Jade Emperor’s seal a gray spot or a black spot? Or was it a spot of light with a very stable light? Or could it be that the Jade Emperor’s seal currently had an owner, so he could not enter the Yuqing Palace? Or was his master in the Yuqing Palace?

He was filled with doubts!

Xu Tui tried a few times but did not enter the Yuqing Palace. He gave up and went straight to the Gouchen Heavenly Palace. He also went to the residence of the Heavenly Emperor. It was the same situation as Yuqing Palace, he could not enter. He could not enter even after activating the auras of the two Emperor’s Seals.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui headed straight for the Qinghua Palace of the Qinghua Emperor. He was defeated again and could not enter. Then, Xu Tui headed straight for Houtu Palace.

Unfortunately, the Houtu Palace was even more ruthless. In the other palaces, Xu Tui could still interact slightly when he activated the two emperor seals. But the divine might of the two seals could not even penetrate Houtu Palace. He could not enter with his mental perception either.

The entire Houtu Palace was silent. It was as if it had died. Xu Tui did not feel anything. Could it be that Houtu Palace was the black one? In the senses of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole, did the black dot mean that the corresponding six imperials had already died in battle with the seal? Did the gray one mean that the owner of the seal had already fought to the death? Did the two silent spots of light mean that the seal and the corresponding six imperials still existed? However, he did not know their state.

If that was the case, four of the six imperials might have died in battle, and one of them died with their seal destroyed.

Which seal would be destroyed? Houtu? Or the Jade Emperor? Which two survived? In any case, it would definitely not be the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole or the Ziwei Emperor of the North Pole.

The situation of the ancient Heavenly Court became even more confusing. Four of the six imperials died in battle! The six imperials should all be small universe-level existences, right?

Thinking about the current Blue Star, they only had three to four Nine Satellites combat strength. Xu Tui could not help but heave a sigh The idea of keeping all of the Six Imperial Seals into his body failed.

After a few seconds of deep thought, Yan Lie reported that the first batch of expeditionary army members had arrived. Then, Xu Tui brought An Xiaoxue and the first batch of expeditionary army members, especially the expeditionary army members who had been added later, to sweep through the remaining Heavenly Court seals.

Xu Tui realized that many of the seals were not in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

The higher the level of the seal, the fewer existences in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Including the orthodox gods of the Fire Sect and the orthodox gods of the Water Sect, all of them were not around.

According to Ullr, his Lightning Division’s orthodox god seal was obtained in the Star Ruins.

Adding the fact that four people from the Six Imperials had died in battle, it was very likely that a battle that exceeded Xu Tui’s understanding had occurred.

Not only did four of the Six Imperial die in battle, but most of the mid- to high-level Star Lords of the Heavenly Court also died in battle.

Only a small number of the seals of Star Officials and Star Lords had the chance to escape after they died in battle. They returned to the small universe of the Heavenly Court and became ownerless things that they could refine now.

This made Xu Tui feel a little pity. He still wanted Erera to refine the orthodox god seal of the Fire Sect and greatly increase Erera’s combat strength.

After sweeping through the area, he discovered the middle and low-level Star

Official’s seals the most. For example, he found three more seals of the Zodiacs. With the two emperor seals paving the way, it was very convenient for Xu Tui to enter the star officials’ residences.

He also found two more Eight Extreme Seals and paired them with Yan Lie and the others. He even found a seal that could cooperate with Zhao Hailong and the others.

Xu Tui was still researching when Yan Lie suddenly informed Xu Tui that Ullr was here.

“Ask Ullr to come and see me directly after he enters the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Forget it, I’ll go and see him.”

Five minutes later, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, had just passed through the

Southern Heavenly Gate. He looked in the direction of the Purple Night Saint Realm in the small universe of the Heavenly Court with a complicated expression.

Last time, the refinement of the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal failed. He wondered if he had a chance this time.

“Since you’re here, follow me to the main hall of the Lightning Division!” Just as Ullr was letting one’s imagination run wild, Xu Tui suddenly appeared in front of Ullr..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1