Chapter 1929: Killing Ullr Three Times (3)

Chapter 1929: Killing Ullr Three Times (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Putting everything else aside, the Heavenly Eye brought about by the two emperor seals made Ullr’s concealment like child’s play. It was a little like a kindergarten child playing hide-and-seek with an adult. He would shout that he had hidden it well.

Little did he know that it was too easy for adults to determine the location by sound. It was a complete dimensional attack. Similarly, with Xu Tui’s Heavenly Eye, Ullr, who was hiding in one of the countless thunderclouds in the sky, was like a child in kindergarten.

He teleported six kilometers away from Ullr’s hiding spot. Eleven ice flying swords instantly flew out.

Ice Array Sword. Resonance, explode!

When Ullr saw the sword light and realized that Xu Tui had already discovered him, it was already too late. The Ice Array Sword had already exploded. This was a range attack. It was an attack within a 50-meter radius.

At this moment, Ullr’s hair stood on end. He was also extremely worried. This was because Ullr had seen Xu Tui use this Ice Array Sword to kill several Nine Satellites Planetary realm. If he could kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert, he, a peak-level Eight Satellites, could also be easily killed.

At this moment, Ullr shouted that he had been tricked. Xu Tui was taking advantage of the spar to kill him.

He regrets it. However, even though he had been tricked, Ullr was still frantically trying to save himself. The divine lightning of the Lightning Division’s Orthodox God Seal surged and protected his body. At the same time, the Reincarnation Seal in his mind had already entered a state of activation.

As long as his physical body was killed, his mental body would immediately disappear. He would let Xu Tui’s plan of killing him fail on the verge of success.

The other mysterious seal was also in a state of activation, ready to save his life at any time. These inner thoughts were all reflected in Xu Tui’s heart through his mind reading. It allowed him to understand a portion of Ullr’s strength. It was also extremely funny.

If he really wanted to kill Ullr, he would not give him a chance to revive. The second seal in Ullr’s body had been confirmed to be the reincarnation seal. In other words, Ullr could be revived if he died.

The key was that Ullr himself also thought that the third seal in his body was a mysterious seal. In other words, Ullr himself had not figured out where this mysterious seal came from.

The Ice Sword Array erupted. In an instant, the 50-meter radius with Ullr as the center was frozen. Thunderclouds and Ullr were turned into large lump of ice.

Ullr was extremely terrified. At this rate, he would be frozen into ice and fall from the sky. His body would be shattered. The Reincarnation Seal in Ullr’s mind had been completely activated at this moment.

He was just waiting for his physical body to die. However, just as Ullr was waiting for death to descend, an extremely boundless circle of mind power suddenly exploded around Ullr. The Ice Array Sword that had frozen beside Ullr became a little chaotic when it was hit by this circle of mind power. There were endless explosions.

In the end, Ullr was frozen in a huge ice sculpture. The moment the weightlessness came, a huge hole suddenly appeared above Ullr’s head. In an instant, Ullr turned into lightning and flashed out.

Bang! Ice flowers splattered. No matter how strong the ice was, it still shattered when it fell from a height of thousands of meters.

Ullr looked at Xu Tui with lingering fear. Once again, Xu Tui easily displayed his ability to kill him. If Xu Tui had really wanted to kill him just now, he would have been able to. He had done it twice!

Ullr felt a little scared. Xu Tui could kill him twice in a row. Furthermore, he used different abilities and methods. Up until now, Ullr had not thought of a way to crack it. Ullr did not even notice how Xu Tui had locked onto his location. He was a little depressed.

“How is it?” Xu Tui sneered.

“Commander, you’re amazing. I’m impressed!”

Xu Tui stared coldly at Ullr and suddenly shouted, “You’re not convinced! Again!”

“Okay!”

Almost instantly, Ullr turned into lightning and fled. This time, Ullr was prepared to change his battle strategy. He could not hide in the thundercloud and not move like before. Instead, he should quickly spin in the thundercloud and continuously activate the power in the thundercloud to attack Xu Tui crazily.

After all, the thunderclouds outside the Southern Heavenly Gate were a natural homeground for Ullr. Just as Ullr was about to flash into a thundercloud, he suddenly felt an inexplicable palpitation. He was also alarmed by the seal of the Lightning Division.

Almost at the same time, Ullr broke out in a sweat. This was because Ullr saw a small dark sword suddenly appear a meter above his head and hover there. It did not slash down.

God Slaying Sword!

Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword that specialized in killing mental bodies. Ullr’s body trembled uncontrollably. To be honest, Ullr was not afraid of Xu Tui with any other methods. So what if he killed his body?

He had the Reincarnation Seal, so he could be reborn. However, this God Slaying Sword specialized in slashing mental bodies. If his mental body was killed, he would really be dead. He would be deader than dead. Even if his mental body was not killed in one strike, the God Slaying Sword could severely injure his mental body.

If his mental body was too severely injured, his mental body might collapse during the resurrection process of the Reincarnation Seal, causing him to fail and die.

This was a true method that could kill him. At this moment, Ullr was really afraid. He felt that Xu Tui might know something. He might even know that he had a reincarnation seal in his body. Therefore, the real killing move was waiting here.

He wanted to use the God Slaying Sword to kill him. This was the first time Ullr felt the threat of death in so many years. Therefore, he wanted to escape the moment he saw the God Slaying Sword.

Who knew if Xu Tui would slash down the God Slaying Sword? However, just as Ullr was about to turn into lightning and escape, an inexplicable palpitation appeared beside him again and again.

In the next moment, the color on his face faded. His face was as pale as paper! This was because other than the dark God Slaying Sword above his head, there was also a bright yellow small sword that emitted extremely intense mind power fluctuations floating below, on the left, and on the right.

The aura of the small sword was a little similar to the aura of the God Slaying Sword. They looked exactly the same.

With Ullr’s knowledge, he immediately determined that these few small bright yellow swords should also be the sword lights that killed the mental body. Their power should be inferior to the God Slaying Sword, but it was not much weaker.

Small God Slaying Sword! Every Small God Slaying Sword had injected 20% of Xu Tui’s mind power. It was also because Xu Tui had injected 20% of his mind power into the three Small God Slaying Swords that they were extremely powerful. Ullr did not dare to move.

As for how these three Small God Slaying Swords had silently slashed over, it was very simple. Energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state. As long as it was within the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception, the sword light would instantly be teleported over.

In an instant, the lightning stopped. Ullr did not dare to move.

Ullr knew very well that every sword in the four directions of upper, lower, left, and right could severely injure his mental body. When the two swords combined, they could instantly cause his mental body to collapse, regardless of how many life-saving treasures there were.

“Commander, I… submit!” Ullr’s voice was trembling with fear. He was afraid that Xu Tui would slash down the four sword lights that specialized in slashing at mental bodies at this moment. He would be finished then.

Xu Tui looked at Ullr in silence. He could really kill Ullr. The kind that would never have any future troubles. However, Xu Tui was considering it. Under the current situation, should he kill Ullr? He could kill Ullr more than ten times for the bad things he had done in the past.

However, in the end, Xu Tui decided to do as he promised.

Firstly, he had a promise. Secondly, Ullr’s current strength was very important to the Blue Star. The third person in the Blue Star’s internal combat strength, and was one of the top experts who had the ability to resist the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

With him around, many Blue Star warriors or even humans might be able to avoid dying in battle.

This decision was very conflicted. According to Xu Tui’s nature, killing him would be the most comfortable. However, based on the future gains and losses, he had to ask Ullr to atone for his crimes.

“Ullr, under such circumstances, even if you use your Reincarnation Seal, can I kill you?” Xu Tui said loudly.

Ullr was shocked. As expected, Xu Tui knew that he had the Reincarnation Seal.

Then, he had a bitter expression.. “Can! Commander, I’m really convinced!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1