Chapter 1921: The Fourth Iron Blood Plan (4)

Chapter 1921: The Fourth Iron Blood Plan (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If the land was saved, the people would be lost.

If people lost their land, people and land would exist! However, losing his home planet was really a cruel thing.

“Execute it. Follow the strategy.”

“Understood.”

“If the troops of the various Heavenly Gates don’t listen to mv  just inform me. It won’t be a problem to kill a few of them,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s not a big problem. With the Silver Box of Spirit provided by the regiment commander, the commanders of the various Heavenly Gates are very cooperative. Currently, we are all following the best battle command plan given by the general staff. We are trying to minimize the losses on our side to the greatest extent and severely injure the enemy,” Wei Bin said.

Cai Shaochu also looked at Xu Tui when he heard that. “Commander, should I bring people to the city pass to practice? I’ll kill as many as I can.”

“Sure. However, at the moment, it is only limited to fighting inside the city pass. You are not allowed to go out of the pass to fight.”

“Of course. My heart aches more for these little brats who have grown up than yours,” Cai Shaochu said with a smile.

After nodding, Xu Tui instructed Wei Bin, “Lieutenant Wei, I’ll give you another observation mission.”

“Commander, please give your instructions.”

“Observe the recovery speed and strength of the energy defense screen of the four Heavenly Gates, especially the recovery speed of energy. Also, find the source of the energy restoration of the energy defense screen of the four Heavenly Gates. After all, if we want to successfully implement the fourth Iron Blood Plan, we have to predict the exact time when the energy defense light screen will shatter,” Xu Tui said.

“Don’t worry, Commander. I’m already doing it. Especially the source of energy restoration for the four Heavenly Gate Energy Defense screens. We will be able to find the results in a day or two,” Wei Bin said.

“Alright, I’ll go do something. If there’s an emergency, contact me with the high-level colony of the Ling Clan.”

Xu Tui left the temporary command center after he finished speaking. After leaving the temporary command center, he did not go to the three major city passes that were fighting. Wherever he went, he would only be able to kill a few hundred enemies if he secretly took action. Now, he had more important things to do.

Wei Bin’s battle plan and all his military actions were from the Blue Star level. However, Xu Tui was considering the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Wei Bin did not understand the problems at the small universe level of the Heavenly Court and could not consider them. However, Xu Tui felt that the main force protecting the small universe of the Heavenly Court was the remnant power of the small universe—the Heavenly Court Guards.

From the current situation, if he wanted to defend the small universe of the Heavenly Court under the attack of more than 10 million troops from the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan, he had to think of a way to unearth the power of the small universe.

As for the power of the Blue Star, it could only be used as a surprise weapon or the last support.

Xu Tui could only rely on himself to unearth the power of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. If he could dig out more of the power of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Wei Bin’s fourth iron-blooded plan might not need to be used. Even if he had to use it, the risks and sacrifices would be smaller.

Xu Tui had some ideas on how to unearth the power of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. He had already considered many directions over the past few days.

The first thing he arrived at was the Star Lord Hall, which was where the first Star Lord Ji Sui Seal was found. It was also the first refined seal he had.

He knew the location of the Star Lord Ji Shui Hall. He had just arrived and was a thousand meters away from it when the seal in his mind flashed. The surroundings of the hall instantly rose with sparkling starlight.

The door of the Star Lord’s Hall immediately opened.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. The seal of the Ji Shui Star Lord appeared. It was held in his left hand as he strode toward the hall.

Before he entered, when he was still hundreds of meters away from the Star Lord’s Hall, the hundreds of halls in the Star Lord’s Hall, especially the halls that he had been unable to open when he came last time, were all opened.

Dozens of Star Deacons in grade clothes, the Star Guards (Constellation Divine

Guards), filed out of the hall and quickly lined up at the entrance of the Star

Lord Hall. They lined up in two rows and bowed in unison. “Welcome back, Star Lord.’

The group of Star Deacons and Star Guards were extremely excited by the return of the Star Lord. However, the most excited one was Bao Zhang, who was standing at the front of the Star Deacons.

The Star Lord who had branded his mental body had really returned.

Xu Tui’s gaze changed from anticipation to disappointment when he saw the Star Deacons and the Star Guards appear.

“There are only a few people in the hall? Are none of the three Star Officials here?” Xu Tui asked Bao Zhang.

Star Lord Ji Shui, under the 28 Star Lords, had three Star Officials, 15 Star Deacons, and 1,000 Star Guards to deal with various matters.

Among the subordinate officials, there were only three Star Officials. They were high-level subordinate officials. The lowest was the Eight Satellite Planetary realm. It was also a power that could be used at the moment. Unfortunately, he did not see any of them.

Bao Zhang took a step forward and replied, “My lord, I really don’t know where the three Star Officials are. However, you are holding the seal and returning to the hall. As long as they are in the hall, they will definitely come out to welcome you. ”

As he spoke, Bao Zhang looked around. There were really too few people.

Xu Tui became even more depressed. Including Bao Zhang, there were a total of 20 people. How was that just a little? It was really very little..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1