Chapter 1923: The Harvest In The Heavenly Court And The Danger Of Breach (2)

Chapter 1923: The Harvest in the Heavenly Court and the Danger of Breach (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It did not happen as Xu Tui had hoped. It was good if he could break through to the Eight Satellites. After all, he had accumulated it for 2,800 years. Unfortunately, there was none.

Two Seven Satellites, five Six Satellites, and 13 Five Satellites.

Such a lineup could be considered a strong force. If there were a few more waves, they would have some influence. Most importantly, Xu Tui did not feel any heartache if these people died in battle.

Xu Tui would be extremely sad if the Blue Star humans died in battle.

“Bao Zhang has contributed to the defense of the house all these years. He can’t be promoted to a Star Official for the time being. However, I have specially appointed him as a Pseudo Star Official to rule you.”

For the sake of convenience, Bao Zhang naturally thanked Xu Tui again for giving such an order.

In the warehouse of the Star Lord’s Manor, Xu Tui discovered more than 2,000 grams of water-type Origin Crystals and a few hundred sets of standard Star Official clothes and inner armor. There was nothing else.

He learned from Bao Zhang that in the past, the Star Officials of the various Star Lord Prefectures had been appointed from the air or promoted on the spot.

However, the Star Deacon was basically promoted from the Star Guards. If the Star Guards had a shortage, it would be replenished by a department in the Heavenly Court called the Hall of Priests.

It would be replenished and chosen by the various Star Lords or Star Officials themselves. Of course, according to the rules, it could not exceed the quota.

Xu Tui immediately headed straight for the Hall of Priests under Bao Zhang’s guidance.

According to Bao Zhang, the Hall of Priests was a rather powerful place in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. The hall master was only a low-level Star Official, but he had power.

All the people who had joined the Heavenly Court had to gather at his place to wait for their selection. Some people might not be able to be selected even after hundreds of years or even until they died of old age.

Due to the large number of people, the Hall of Priests occupied a large area. It was located in the west of the Heavenly Court.

However, Bao Zhang and Xu Tui were stunned when they arrived.

Ruins. In front of him, the location of the temple indicated by Bao Zhang was a large area of ruins. It was destroyed.

The Hall of Priests had been completely destroyed. This discovery made the pattern of the destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court clearer.

The four Heavenly Gates of the ancient Heavenly Court were all there. In other words, the ancient Heavenly Court had not been broken through from the outside. However, the temple of the clergy had been destroyed into ruins. This could only be broken through from the inside.

The destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court was most likely caused by an internal rebellion. However, according to Xu Tui’s understanding, even an internal rebellion would not be able to destroy the ancient Heavenly Court.

The power of the ancient Heavenly Court was too powerful. Just counting Ji

Shui Manor, there was already one Nine Satellites, three Eight Satellites, 15 Six Satellites, and a thousand Star Guards from the Five Satellites or the Four Satellites.

There were 28 Star Lords. That was 30,000 Planetary realms. There were hundreds of clergy like the Star Lord in the Heavenly Court. Not to mention that there were dozens of clergy that were higher than the Star Lord.

Just by relying on a small internal rebellion could not destroy the ancient Heavenly Court. Moreover, a top-notch force was not something that a small rebellion could destroy.

Xu Tui estimated that based on the Six Imperials’ control over the small universe of the Heavenly Court, as long as one of them came out, they would be able to easily suppress most of the rebellions.

Mystery! The more he understood about the ancient Heavenly Court, the more mysteries there were. Then, Xu Tui went to Star Lord Jingmu’s residence. His seal had already been refined to 100%. It had returned to its original position.

The scene replayed. However, the subordinates who appeared in Star Lord Jingmu’s Manor were even worse than Star Lord Ji Shui’s manor. Only 15 people came out. One was a Star Deacon, and the rest were all Star Guards.

There should have been more people. Previously, when he obtained the seal of Star Lord Jingmu, they had been killed by Neff. This seemed to be very little.

Even though it was a small number, this wave of people could also be under Xu Tui’s command. It could be considered as adding a little more power to the future battle. He also let them all break through.

Xu Tui had three Seven Satellites, seven Six Satellites, and 25 Five Satellites under him. After obtaining the experience, Xu Tui headed straight for the other Star Lords’ residences.

For example, the True Lord Nandou’s Residence and the Huo De Star Lord’s Residence. It was worth mentioning that Xu Tui had only refined 99% of the Huo De Seal. It had not returned to its original position.

At this moment, Xu Tui brought the Southern Huo De Star Lord Seal into the residence. It immediately returned to its position and took its positions. The remaining officials stepped out to pay their respects to Xu Tui.

Star Lord Huo De had seven Star Officials, 35 Star Deacons, and 3,000 Star Guards. It was also the one who had the most subordinate officials left. Including Yang MO from before, there were a total of five Star Deacons and 100 Star Guards.

Moreover, the cultivation of the Star Deacon of the Huo De Prefecture was clearly one level higher than the Star Deacon of the Ji Shui Star Lord Prefecture.

Three of them were Star Deacons at the peak of the Seven Satellites.

Xu Tui activated the seal and made another breakthrough. Including the gains from the Huo De Star Lord’s Prefecture, he had gathered a total of three Eight Satellites, nine Seven Satellites, 15 Six Satellites, and 130 Five Satellites.

If such power could be doubled by ten times and three to five Nine Satellites came, he would have the confidence to command them to destroy one of the three races.

Unfortunately, that was an extravagant hope.

In the end, Xu Tui arrived at the Five Mountains Holy Temple.

The Five Mountain Holy Temple was split into five internally. There were five

Holy Temples: Mount Hua, Mount Heng, Mount Tai, Mount Heng, and Mount

Song..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1