Chapter 1928: Killing Ullr Three Times (2)

Chapter 1928: Killing Ullr Three Times (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Two meanings.” Xu Tui held up two fingers. “First, I want to tell you to put away your worries. If I want to kill you now, I don’t need to set up a trap or make arrangements early. I can kill you at any time if I want to.” These words made Ullr’s pupils constrict. He did not believe it!

Ullr did not believe this. This was the feedback of his telepathy. Ullr had absolute confidence in his personal strength. Xu Tui did not say anything else. These things could not be explained with words. He would have to rely on his fists later.

“Secondly, I want to tell you that after I can kill you without killing you, you have to be obedient for the next period of time! I won’t let you off if you hinder my plan,” Xu Tui said.

Ullr still did not believe that Xu Tui would not kill him if he could kill him. However, he already believed in Xu Tui’s attitude. They were indeed going to fight.

“Of course!”

“Including expendable methods?”

“Of—

Boom! Just as Xu Tui was replying, lightning as thick as an arm shot toward Xu Tui at an extremely fast speed. It was so fast that Xu Tui could not dodge it at all. He could only take it head-on.

Ullr pounced Xu Tui. The intention of this pounce was extremely sudden. Even though his mind reading had already received the feedback, the lightning had already arrived. That was because Xu Tui was extremely close to Ullr at this moment. He was only a hundred meters away.

Lightning surged toward Xu Tui like the water of the nine heavens. Ullr’s Lightning Divine Seal flew out of his body to enhance it. Thunderclouds surged in all directions outside the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Ullr wanted to use the opportunity of the pounce to defeat Xu Tui or even kill him. To be honest, anyone would have been severely injured by Ullr’s pounce within a 100-meter radius.

Unfortunately, it was Xu Tui. Not only was Xu Tui’s reaction speed extremely fast, but the key was the ability of the Time Distortion Nova. It was very easy for him to deal with this.

Time Distortion Nova, Time Deceleration Force Field! It was activated almost instantly. Then, Ullr was inexplicably shocked to see that his terrifying lightning suddenly slowed down when it was within a meter of Xu Tui.

This sudden slowdown made Ullr feel extremely uncomfortable. Moreover, this sudden slowdown was actually related to life and death. This instant of slowness caused Xu Tui to form seven layers of Vajra Barrier.

Ullr sighed when he saw Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier rise. He knew that he had already lost the chance to kill Xu Tui. It was not that he could not break through the Vajra Barrier. He could break through Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier. However, it would take some time. Xu Tui was not a wooden person.

Xu Tui’s attacks were definitely sharper than his defense.

Ullr had seen Xu Tui kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator in one move many times. Therefore, in the next moment, Ullr gave up on attacking. Lightning flashed and he prepared to escape. He wanted to switch to a guerrilla battle and see if he had a chance to condense that ultimate move and kill Xu Tui.

It had to be said that Ullr’s tactics were very brilliant. Unfortunately, he had met Xu Tui. The moment he activated the lightning again and wanted to escape, Ullr suddenly felt as if he had fallen into a swamp. The lightning speed seemed to have been stepped on as it quickly descended.

The realistic characteristics of the main star force field of mind power. At the same time, ice seals instantly enveloped Ullr from all directions.

Ullr could only frantically activate the lightning and continuously break through the ice seal that Xu Tui had sealed him with. He could not escape. His speed was limited. That was all he could do.

However, the moment he broke the first ice seal, Ullr suddenly trembled. He felt as if Mount Tai had shattered. He looked up and saw a khaki-colored phantom of a peak above his head. It would blast down at any moment.

Ullr understood that if this was a real battle, Xu Tui’s Five Mountains Suppression Star would have already blasted down. He would have been turned into a meat patty. Xu Tui was indeed keeping his previous promise. He was only showing him the ability to kill him.

“Commander, I lost,” Ullr said cleanly. However, the lightning around him and the thunderclouds in the sky did not dissipate.

Xu Tui let out a cold laugh. He also put away the Five Mountains Suppression Star and the main mind power force field. Ullr only felt his body lighten, and his speed returned to normal. “Commander, what ability did you use just now?”

“Again!” Xu Tui said instead of answering. “Again, the 500-kilometer area outside the Southern Heavenly Gate is a battlefield!”

“Okay!”

The moment Ullr responded, he had already turned into a bolt of lightning and fled. If he could not attack head-on, he would play dirty.

A sneak attack. If he ambushed Xu Tui too many times, he might be able to kill Xu Tui by expending his strength.

Ullr felt that this was the small universe of the Heavenly Court, his home ground. Especially outside the Southern Heavenly Gate, he had already gathered surging thunderclouds. Every thundercloud was his power and his home ground.

Xu Tui felt a little ashamed as he looked at Ullr, who had turned into lightning and fled. Home ground? Ullr’s home ground?

This was actually a little bullying. In this small universe of the Heavenly Court,

Xu Tui, who had refined the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to 99% and the seal of the Ziwei Emperor of the North Pole to 15%, was the true home ground..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1