Chapter 1927: Killing Ullr Three Times (1)

Chapter 1927: Killing Ullr Three Times (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Since you’re here, follow me to the main hall of the Lightning Division!”

Ullr did not reply immediately when he saw Xu Tui suddenly appear in front of him. Instead, he stared at Xu Tui. It was obvious that he was thinking. He had many thoughts.

Ullr felt that Xu Tui might be monitoring him. Otherwise, why would he be able to find him the moment he entered the Southern Heavenly Gate? Ullr even felt that it was very likely that Xu Tui would kill him in the small universe of the Heavenly Court to eliminate future troubles.

For a moment, all kinds of thoughts surged in Ullr’s mind. He was torn between whether to fight, escape, or follow Xu Tui to the main hall of the Lightning Division.

That was because he could not confirm what Xu Tui’s attitude toward him was. The conflict in Ullr’s heart was completely revealed to Xu Tui through his mind reading. It made Xu Tui feel a little funny.

He was paranoid. Ullr was too paranoid. The worries in front of him were caused by his paranoia. But then again, if he had not been paranoid, Ullr would not have survived until now. In the past, Xu Tui had many thoughts of plotting to kill Ullr. However, Ullr had used the two techniques of paranoia and caution to avoid it.

Xu Tui had no intention of killing Ullr today. There was a possibility that the four Heavenly Gates of the small universe of the Heavenly Court would be breached at any time. The humans of the Blue Star might lose their mother planet forever and wander in space.

At this moment, Xu Tui would not kill Ullr. The survival of the Blue Star humans came first.

Ullr was at the peak of the Eight Satellites Planetary realm. He was a lightning-type supernatural being with extraordinary speed and lethality. His actual combat ability far exceeded that of a supernatural being at the Planetary realm of the same level. Moreover, Ullr had the Lightning Division’s Orthodox God Seal to increase his combat strength.

It could be confirmed that Ullr was the third and strongest human on the Blue Star other than Shang Long and Xu Tui. It was only because Shang Long’s sword light was extremely fast and had a speed that Ullr was wary of that anyone else would not be able to threaten Ullr.

For example, if Erera broke through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm soon, her actual combat strength would still not be able to surpass Ullr.

This was determined by speed. Before you could unleash your combat strength, you had to hit the enemy first. This was the reason why lightning, spatial, and wind-type combat strength were exceptionally powerful in the supernatural being Planetary realm. Of course, the ranged attacks of fire-type and water-type supernatural beings were also a way to restrain them.

“Are you afraid?” Xu Tui suddenly smiled and asked Ullr, who was hesitating and worried, “Are you afraid that I’ll kill you in the small universe of the Heavenly Court?”

Ullr stared at Xu Tui and nodded gently. “A little. You have several seals that you have 100% refined. In other words, you are already a returning Star Lord in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. You can completely set up a killing trap to restrain my speed.”

“A killing trap that restrains your speed?” Xu Tui suddenly sneered. “Do I still need to do that now? Come!”

While Ullr was confused, Xu Tui instantly stepped on a sword light and flew straight outside the Southern Heavenly Gate Pass.

Ullr instantly understood what Xu Tui meant. He turned into a bolt of lightning and chased after Xu Tui.

Ullr had arrived later, but he had arrived outside the Southern Heavenly Gate City Pass with Xu Tui. From this, it could be seen that Ullr’s lightning escape speed was not faster than Xu Tui’s sword light.

Ullr was very satisfied with this. As long as he was ahead of Xu Tui in terms of speed, he would feel absolutely safe. In the world of martial arts, speed was invincible.

Xu Tui naturally heard Ullr’s words. However, he did not mind. He was inferior to him in terms of speed. However, if Xu Tui used teleportation, no matter how fast Ullr was, it would not be enough. Of course, this was another matter in actual combat.

“Commander, you called me here?” Ullr, who was surrounded by lightning, looked at Xu Tui and asked.

“You know the answer.” Xu Tui sneered. “Ullr, have you always felt that I need to set up an ambush or even an environment that severely restricts your speed before I can kill you?”

“No!” Ullr smiled and shook his head. “I think it would be effortless for the regiment commander to kill me.”

“Hypocrite! Ullr, you’re too hypocritical and paranoid! You clearly determined that I needed to set up an ambush or set up layers of restrictions to kill you. But you’re still confusing me with your words. Sigh…” Xu Tui sighed softly. It was actually a little tiring to communicate with someone like Ullr. He preferred to communicate with Shang Long, An Xiaoxue, Cui Xi, and the others as it was simply direct.

However, speaking of which, a person like Ullr was more mature and tactful in social interaction. If Xu Tui did not have his mind reading, he might have been bewitched at this moment.

“Commander, I’m telling the truth. With your strength, killing me would be as easy as blowing off dust. I…’

Ullr was still persisting when Xu Tui waved his hand to stop him. “Alright, let’s not waste our breath. Let’s fight.”

“A fight?”

“That’s right. Fight with all your might! If you have the ability, feel free to use your best move. It would be your ability if you could kill me. Of course, I will also use my full strength.”

Ullr was shocked when Xu Tui was halfway through his sentence. “Commander, are you trying to kill me?”

“If I wanted to kill you, I would have attacked you long ago. In this battle, I will attack with all my might. However, even if I have the chance to kill you, I will not! You don’t have such a restriction. You can attack as you please,” Xu Tui said.

“Commander, what do you mean? I don’t quite understand..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1