Chapter 1925: The Six Imperials Who Died In Battle? (1)

Chapter 1925: The Six Imperials Who Died in Battle? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The fundamental reason why Xu Tui asked the expeditionary army to enter the Heavenly Court as soon as possible was to collect the power that could be used within the small universe. It was also to excavate the remaining seals in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. He had to dig out the power of the small universe of the Heavenly Court to the extreme.

While he was waiting for the members of the expeditionary army to enter the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Xu Tui arrived in front of the Ziwei Palace.

The last time he entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court, he happened to be interrupted by Ullr, who wanted to refine the seal of the Ziwei Emperor. Later on, he used the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole to activate the energy to seal the small universe of the Heavenly Court again and completely interrupted Ullr’s process of refining the seal.

However, he could confirm that the seal of the Ziwei Emperor of the North Pole was still there.

The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole could reflect the Divine Seal of the Heavenly Court. The Six Imperial Seal that was related to it was the clearest.

Strangely, one of the other five Six Imperial Seals that the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole sensed was black. He did not know what was going on.

Two of them were very quiet. The spots of light that were reflected were dim and converged. He did not know what was going on, but two of them were flickering at that time. They should be being refined.

At this moment, Xu Tui arrived in front of the Ziwei Palace first. He wanted to see if he could obtain the seal of the Ziwei Emperor.

It should help to a certain extent if he could obtain it.

Last time, Neff and the others have related seals, such as the Huo De Seal and the Nandou True Lord Seal, and wanted to use the low-level identities to open the Shenxiao Prefecture and refine the South Pole’s Longevity Emperor’s seal.

The last time Ullr could open the door of the Ziwei Palace was because of his status as a legitimate god of the Lightning Division.

He did not have the seal of a high-level Star Official under the Great Emperor Ziwei. However, he had his own plans for coming over directly.

The moment he arrived at the entrance of the Ziwei Palace, Xu Tui wanted to enter. A purple light bloomed at the entrance of the Ziwei Palace and blocked his path. In the next moment, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flew out. Xu Tui dragged the seal and charged straight into the Ziwei palace.

As the purple light enveloped the plaque of the Ziwei Palace, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole instantly soared into the sky and landed on the plaque.

The door of the Ziwei Palace instantly opened.

Xu Tui could not help but be overjoyed. He also understood the reason.

The Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the Ziwei Emperor of the North Pole were of the same level. They were both one of the six rulers of the Heavenly Court. It was normal for them to visit each other.

It was easy to enter after a normal greeting.

Moreover, at this moment, the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole did not have an owner. The Ziwei Palace in front of him did not have an owner.

However, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had an owner.

That was equivalent to the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole visiting the Ziwei Palace when the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole was missing. Who could stop it?

No one could stop him!

This was the reason why Xu Tui could enter the Ziwei Palace.

He went straight into the Ziwei Palace. The Ziwei Palace was filled with purple energy. The energy inside was also much thicker than in the other parts of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. However, Xu Tui could sense that the energy concentration in the Heavenly Court’s small universe seemed to be much weaker than last time.

Even the concentration of energy in the Ziwei Palace was weaker than the last time. There were hundreds of halls in the Ziwei Palace. However, other than the main hall, the other halls were all closed. Even Xu Tui could not rush in with the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

That was easy to understand. When a distinguished guest arrived, they could enter directly, but they could not barge into the house.

Xu Tui was a little hesitant when he saw the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei. The last time Xu Tui refined the Longevity Emperor Seal to 10%, it took him more than ten days to absorb the Longevity Emperor Seal into his body.

At that time, Ullr failed to refine the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal because the refinement speed was not fast enough and the time was a little short. He did not refine the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal to more than 10% and could not keep it in his body.

If he refined the Great Emperor Ziwei’s Seal into his body now, it would still take more than ten days. Xu Tui would not be able to last long.

The Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan had gathered more than 10 million troops to attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Furthermore, they had the means to directly charge into the four Heavenly Gates. Xu Tui did not have the mood to spend more than ten days here refining the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei

Moreover, he had to leave during the refinement process as long as any of the four Heavenly Gates was in danger.

In terms of individual strength, Xu Tui had never fought Shang Long. He didn’t know who was stronger. However, if anything happened to any of the four Heavenly Gates, Xu Tui would definitely be the main force of the rescue.

Yet he would be very worried if he gave up on refining the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal. If the small universe of the Heavenly Court was broken through, the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole might be taken away by the extraterrestrial invaders.

After thinking for a while, Xu Tui suddenly could not help but laugh. What was the point of thinking so much? If the alliance army really attacked the small universe of the Heavenly Court, then the Ziwei Emperor’s seal was no longer worth Xu Tui’s attention when the Blue Star humans were on the verge of death.

“I’ll give it a try. If I can’t refine it in a short period of time, I’ll give up immediately.” Xu Tui immediately made a decision..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1