Chapter 1938: Western Heavenly Gate Breached And Poor Tactics (2)

Chapter 1938: Western Heavenly Gate Breached and Poor Tactics (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It was only a second too slow. A black flame flashed and arrived. It was an extremely strange three-headed Muya man. He was a Muya noble. What was terrifying was that the three-headed Muya man had a human head in the middle. On both sides were two abnormally ferocious black dog heads. At first glance, it was extremely terrifying.

This was Monet’s right-hand commander, Bilos. He was also a Muya noble. “Your Eminence, we’ve broken through!”

“Your Eminence, we have broken through the western city pass.” Bilos quickly returned just to personally report this good news to Monet.

“You broke through?” Monet instantly frowned. The other purple-robed bishops had the same expression. This was inconsistent with their battle plan. Their battle plan was to break through after condensing the Blood Spiritual Pearls they needed.

Currently, the condensation process has not reached a third. Why was the Western Heavenly Gate of the Heavenly Court’s small universe so fragile? The small universe of the Heavenly Court did not seem to be as strong as the Pope had said.

Of course, they did not dare to think that the Pope had also received the Lord’s oracle. The only person who was wrong could be the Pope, not the Lord.

While Monet was puzzled, the three-headed Muya, Bilos, who had rushed over a step later, quickly said, “Your Eminence, we have indeed broken through.

However, after the Western Heavenly Gate small universe of the Heavenly

Court was broken through, there was still a barbican that was unique to them.

“Only by breaking through this barbican could we be considered to have broken through. Please tell me how to attack next, Your Eminence.” Although Bilos was a step late, he explained it in much more detail than Disot.

“Your Eminence, should we let the main force press forward and attack, destroying the guards of the Western Heavenly Gate in one fell swoop, or should we continue to let those slaves attack the barbican city and slowly break through it?” Disot gave a battle plan.

Monet turned to look at Milolis beside him. “Milolis, I need to know the situation between the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan!”

“I’ll make the connection. Please wait a moment.” Everyone stared at Milolis quietly. Two minutes later, Milolis gave an answer. “Lord Monet, according to the intelligence, the Spiritual Race is still advancing. There are no signs of them breaking through the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

“Moreover, based on the current situation, there was no possibility of breaking through within three to five days. The Great Xi Clan’s attacks were very fierce, but the possibility of breaking through the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass in a short period of time was very low.

“It will take at least five days.” After saying that, Milolis added his analysis, “Lord Monet, this is actually normal. Because at the moment, we are the only ones attacking with all our might. The Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan are both conserving their strength. They want to break through their target city pass with the least losses.”

“I see.” Monet sighed softly. “In that case, we won’t have to reduce the pressure on the enemy. Every time the enemy lost a warrior, it was equivalent to us adding two warriors. Continue to attack the Western Heavenly Gate Barbican with a moderate intensity and continued to collect the condensed Blood Spiritual Pearls.

“We could not completely break through before the Spiritual Race and the

Great Xi Clan were about to break through. Otherwise, all the elites of the Heavenly Court and the most violent counterattack in the first round will definitely gather here.” After Monet finished speaking, everyone bowed slightly and left.

Klens and the others continued to condense the Blood Spiritual Pearls. Disot and Bilos only strengthened their attack slightly and did not greatly suppress them. They also completely understood Monet’s strategic intentions.

The power of the Heavenly Court’s small universe could not be underestimated. If they took the initiative to completely break through, it would only reduce the pressure on the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan. They would definitely face the cruelest counterattack in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Therefore, they would take his time. In any case, they needed to use the guards of the Heavenly Court to kill these Muya slaves who were shouting the name of the Lord and collect their blood.

Xu Tui, Shang Long, Ullr, Cai Shaochu, and the others were stunned. Everyone had already prepared their strongest attacks. Xu Tui’s Five Mountains

Suppression Star, Shang Long’s sword light, Ullr’s lightning, Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Formula, and so on. Even the other powerful Planetary realm experts of the Blue Star had already prepared their killing moves.

There were also 18 commanders of the Heavenly Court who had prepared their killing moves. They had already brought 3,000 people each and set up an energy array. The energy storage had also been completed.

If the Muyas’ Nine Satellites attacked on a large scale, they would definitely be able to take a direct hit. It would definitely not be a problem to kill more than a dozen of them in one go. Then, they would raise the defensive light screen. They would be able to survive another wave at the Western Heavenly Gate.

Unfortunately, what stunned Xu Tui and the others was that even though the Western Heavenly Gate fortress had been broken through, they had not seen a single Planetary realm cultivator from the Muyas.

Not to mention the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, he had not even seen the Eight Satellites or even the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. The people who continued to attack were all shrimp soldiers and crab generals.

Not to mention the Nine Satellites, even Planetary realms above the Five Satellites were very rare. This did not make sense in war. Shouldn’t they break through the barbican in one go and charge into the small universe of the Heavenly Court?

The main force of the attack was still the Muyas at the Transmutation Realm. There were a small number of quasi-planetary Muyas mixed in, and even fewer Planetary realm people.

“No matter what, let’s capture a wave first.” Xu Tui pursed his lips helplessly and gave the order to take action. “Remember, try your best to capture those above the Planetary realm alive..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1