Chapter 1939: Western Heavenly Gate Breached And Poor Tactics (3)

Chapter 1939: Western Heavenly Gate Breached and Poor Tactics (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

A second later, a defensive screen rose. Countless Muyas were sent flying. Similarly, nearly 10,000 Muyas were trapped in the barbican. There were four light screens in the barbican. It could not be easier to use it to execute a killing move.

However, after trapping the tens of thousands of Muyas in the barbican, countless white gasses suddenly erupted. An ultra-high concentration of skin contact anesthetic. It could only be used in a sealed space. Coincidentally, the defensive light screen of the barbican provided Xu Tui and the others with such an environment.

Thirty seconds later, a large number of Muyas began to faint and fall to the ground. Two minutes later, only a small number of Muyas remained awake. Most of them had already fallen to the ground.

Outside the defensive light screen, Zhao Hailong and the other Planetary realm experts condensed energy field arrows and killed them one by one.

Then, 3,000 intergalactic warriors in fully sealed anti-virus suits entered one after another and began to use binding devices to tie up the unconscious Muyas. At the same time, they removed all their joints and even put on strengthened shielding hats for them.

This way, neither warriors nor superb individuals could hurt anyone again.

Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, and the others were carefully protecting the barbican. Then, these Blue Star interstellar warriors classified these captives one by one and threw them out of the barbican.

There were also 500 intergalactic warriors moving outside the barbican city. It was like classifying trash. The Muyas at the Transmutation and Evolution Realms were thrown into a newly built quantum teleportation channel more than 100 meters away from them.

Over here, two quantum teleportation channels had been built. They all led to Planet Spirit.

As for the quasi-planetary Muyas, including a few Planetary realm Muyas, they were thrown to the other side after Yang Huai and the others conducted another safety check and waited to be dealt with.

Twenty minutes later, this batch of captives was picked up. Among the 10,000 captives, 9,500 were at the Transmutation Realm and below. There were only 600 quasi-planetary experts.

There were only 100 Planetary realm experts. Most of them were from the First to the Three Satellites. There were only 12 Planetary realm experts from the Four Satellites and Five Satellites. Xu Tui, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, Ullr, and the other big shots had personally captured them.

“Xiaoxue, go ahead.” Xu Tui gave the order when he saw that the captives had been dealt with.

An Xiaoxue called out to Jagren. Then, she brought along the Planetary realms that were stacked like goods and stepped into the multi-person quantum teleportation channel. They each enhanced themselves. “I can teleport 100 of such low-level Planetary realms at once. If I still have energy, I’ll send another 20 quasi-planetary realms.”

Ullr’s pupils constricted when he saw this scene. He could tell that under An Xiaoxue’s enhancement, she could only teleport 120 people at once because of the limitations of the quantum teleportation channel. Otherwise, there should be more.

It could be seen that An Xiaoxue’s strength had increased greatly compared to before. Why did Xu Tui obtain such a strategic killing weapon?

“Let’s go!” An Xiaoxue waved at Xu Tui.

“Go. Send the results over as soon as possible. Once the first batch of results is out, bring them over together,” Xu Tui said.

“Don’t worry.”

In the next moment, An Xiaoxue disappeared with everyone. The battlefield in front of the Western Heavenly Gate returned to its previous pattern. The Muyas pounced forward and attacked continuously. However, as the elites of the Heavenly Court and the Blue Star participated in the battle, these Muya slaves and warriors died even faster.

Most of the Muya warriors did not even touch the defensive light screen of the Western Heavenly Gate before they died.

At the temporary command center of the Muyas.

“It was taken back by the Blue Star humans again?” Monet glanced at Disot, who had come to report, but he was not angry. He had a lot of experience in command. He knew very well that the Western Heavenly Gate fortress that he had just broken through had been taken back by the Heavenly Gate guards. This was very normal.

This was the counterattack of the Heavenly Court guards. Moreover, the key was that he had not sent any elite forces to participate in the battle just now. None of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts had moved.

If the main force was deployed, they would definitely be able to break through in one fell swoop. Monet was confident in this.

“How are the losses?”

“About 10.000 DeoDle. Thev were lost in the Barbican and did not come out.

They have probably been killed,” Disot replied.

Monet frowned. “10,000 people were lost in the barbican. Doesn’t that mean that the blood of these 10,000 devout believers can’t be returned?”

It did not matter if 10,000 people died. To the purple-robed Bishop, Monet, the loss of the blood of 10,000 people was the real loss. This meant that a 10,000-person Blood Spiritual Pearl was gone just like that.

“Continue attacking the city. Maintain the current intensity. We need more blood,” Monet ordered.

“Understood.”

However, in less than an hour, Bilos came to report that they had broken through the Western Heavenly Gate city pass again. Monet frowned and instantly rose into the air. His powerful eyesight instantly saw everything that was happening in the Western Heavenly Gate City.

The Western Heavenly Gate City Pass had indeed been broken through. However, the so-called breakthrough was actually because a defensive light screen had been broken.

From the perspective of defending the city, the Western Heavenly Gate fortress had not been broken. There were even very few Muya warriors who could rush to the Western Heavenly Gate fortress alive.

Another large number of warriors rushed into the barbican. Before Monet could observe and understand, the defensive light screen of the Western

Heavenly Gate City Pass recovered. They lost contact with the 10,000-odd Muyas who had rushed into the barbican.

The war returned to its previous state. Monet and the purple-robed bishops beside him frowned.

“Lord Monet, I’ve discovered the Blue Star Humans,” Milolis, who was also in the air to observe, said.

The Muyas were no strangers to the Blue Star Humans. Over the past hundred years, they had obtained and seen thousands of Blue Star Humans through various channels.

“Is this the tactic of the guards of the Heavenly Court or the humans of the Blue Star?” Monet sneered. “Are they using such a tactic to weaken us? 10,000 people every time! Isn’t that too clumsy?”

“At the moment, that’s the only explanation,” Milolis said.

“Disot, Bilos, record the entire process of the upcoming siege battle! I request the two of you to pay full attention to the upcoming siege battle. No one is allowed to be distracted. I want to know the most detailed process,” Monet ordered.

“Sir, do you need us to participate in the battle?” Bilos was eager.

“There’s no need. Continue to attack with the same intensity as before! Whether the commander on the other side is a guard of the Heavenly Court or a human of the Blue Star, if he continues to use such a clumsy tactic, I will definitely teach them an unforgettable lesson,” Monet shouted.

“Honorable Bishop, as you wish.”

The Western Heavenly Gate closed, and the same scene appeared again. The Blue Star captured more than 10,000 captives. However, ultra -high-concentration skin -contact anesthetic was not very useful to Planetary realm and above. It required others to take action personally.

There was still no threat. In just half an hour, they had obtained more than 10,000 Muya captives and 110 Planetary realm Muya captives.

It was mainly because Xu Tui, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, Ullr, Erera, and the other big shots were guarding the city gate. When a Planetary realm expert approached, they would think of ways to cooperate and charge into the army to capture them.

Now, it was up to An Xiaoxue’s research results.

Just as Xu Tui was calculating the number, Wei Bin’s voice suddenly sounded on Xu Tui’s communication device.

“Commander, Vice-Commander An sent a top-secret document from Planet Spirit. She wants me to transfer it to you. Please accept it,” Wei Bin said. Xu Tui perked up. He knew that the research results he was waiting for were

here..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1