Chapter 1932: The Key Question Of The Optimization Of The Energy Array (3)

Chapter 1932: The Key Question of the Optimization of the Energy Array (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

The power that the Lightning Division had obtained did not meet their expectations. Next, Xu Tui searched the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui would definitely enter any Star Official Palace that could be called by the

Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole. He would search for the Star Official’s seal and put it into his pocket. Then, he would distribute it to the main forces of the Worldly Demon Slayers according to the direction of the enhancement of the seal.

Unfortunately, many of the Star Official Palaces were empty. There was no seal, much less anyone. Under normal circumstances, only the main hall of the Star Official Palace with the seal was open. The doors of the other halls could not be opened.

Based on Xu Tui’s past experience, it was very likely that the subordinates of the current Star Official were hidden in the other halls.

Then, Xu Tui’s tricks came. He directly revealed his high-level clergy identity. First, it was the seal of Lord Nandou, then the seal of Star Lord Huo De. If it really did not work, he would show the two emperor seals.

Even if he was not the Six Imperials, the arrival of the two Six Imperial Seals was enough to shock the Star Guards out. Unfortunately, these mid- to low-level Star Officials did not have many subordinates, much less left behind.

Three hours later, Xu Tui basically swept through the Star Official Hall in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. He found a total of 63 seals.

Forty of them had been distributed. There were still 23 seals. Xu Tui had not distributed the ones with unknown enhancement effects or those that he was not suitable for. In the end, he obtained three Star Deacons of the eight satellites, ten Star Deacons of the seven satellites, 20 Star Guards of the six satellites, and 180 Star Guards of the five satellites.

Other than that, there was also the independent Lightning Special Combat Team. Led by Ullr and Wen Xinglun, they had one of the Seven Satellites, one of the Six Satellites, seven of the Six Satellites Planetary realm, and 13 of the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

He obtained a total of 240 Planetary realm powerhouses. It was nothing compared to the power of the three races attacking the small universe.

However, it was a very powerful force compared to the power of the Blue Star.

This Planetary realm force was at least at the Five Satellites Planetary realm. It could be considered an elite combat force.

Xu Tui immediately gathered this force. Not long after he arrived at the temporary command center of the Heavenly Court, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, and Yang Huai came over to report the test situation.

“Commander, after many tests, we can basically conclude that in the current situation of a team battle, the attack and defense of the Eight Extremes Seal has basically increased by 20%. The cultivation enhancement is also similar, but we haven’t had the time to test it. Moreover, the increase in attack and defense is cumulative.”

Back then, Yan Lie, Yan Xuejin, and the others had obtained the Eight Extremes Seal. They realized that their power had increased greatly when they joined forces. This time, Xu Tui found three more Eight Extreme Seals and gave them to Li Zheng, Miao Huanshan, and Luo Murong.

With the suppression of his Longevity Emperor Seal and the help of the two Eight Extremes Star Lords, their refinement progress was extremely fast. After testing, they realized that if the five of them fought together, their individual combat strength would increase.

When the five of them fought together, their individual strength could increase by 20%. It was very powerful.

Originally, Yan Lie and Yan Xuejin could fight the Six Satellites Planetary realm alone. If the two of them worked together, they could easily deal with the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. If the three of them worked together, they could kill the Seven Satellites.

If the four of them joined forces, they would be able to fight the Eight Satellites. If the five of them joined forces, they could even suppress ordinary Eight Satellites Planetary realm.

The increase was huge.

Xu Tui seriously suspected that if they gathered all eight seals, their strength would increase further. They might even have the possibility of killing them. Unfortunately, he could not find the other three seals.

“From now on, the five of you will maintain a certain distance from each other. Once you encounter a powerful enemy, immediately join forces to fight. Yan Lie, you will be the captain,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Understood.”

Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, Yang Huai, and the others were waiting to report. Back then, Xu Tui had allowed Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, and the others to refine the seals when their auras were attached to them. Furthermore, they had already returned to their positions.

Now, it was clear that the seals they had refined belonged to the 36 Heavenly Dipper Generals in the ancient Heavenly Court.

During this search of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Xu Tui plundered another seven of the 36 Heavenly Dipper General Seals and distributed them all.

There was the suppression of the Heavenly Dipper General who had already returned to his position, as well as Xu Tui’s Longevity Emperor Seal, so there was no need to mention the refinement progress.

There were naturally enhancements to the cooperation of the 36 Heavenly Dipper Generals. However, this enhancement was a little inferior to the Eight Extreme Star Officials.

It’s about 10%! With an additional general joining forces, his offensive and defensive abilities would increase by 10%. It could also be accumulated.

Currently, Zhao Hailong and the other nine Six Satellites and Five Satellites had actually forced Ruan Tianzuo and Lavis, the two Eight Satellites, to retreat. They could be considered another core combat force.

The effects of the 36 Heavenly Dipper General seals were indeed extraordinary. Xu Tui was also looking forward to it if he could gather it. Unfortunately, he had already plundered the Star Official Seal in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Where were the other star officials’ seals? Was it in the Star Ruins or was it directly destroyed?

“Commander, the general staff has unanimously analyzed the situation at the east, west, and north city passes. Before we meet the conditions for the implementation of the fourth Iron Blood Plan, we can intervene to a limited extent..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1