Chapter 1935: Procedural Rules Restriction And Risky Plan

Chapter 1935: Procedural Rules Restriction and Risky Plan

(2)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

The Blue Star also had all kinds of robot troops now. However, before forming a variety of robot armies, the first priority was to write the iron rule of robots into their execution procedures.

The earliest industrial robots and home robots on the Blue Star had to be written in three principles. Robots could not harm humans, and robots had to obey human orders. As long as they did not violate the first and second rules, robots could protect themselves.

In the later stages, the procedures of the extra-terrestrial multi-purpose robots, professional war robots, including drones, were much more complicated.

If the robot sequence of the Blue Star had such complicated procedures, then the guarding robots of the ancient Heavenly Court must have such procedures.

Xu Tui must have overlooked this point previously. He had headed to the Western Heavenly Gate because he wanted to take a look personally and use his mind reading to observe. The location of the temporary command center was very good. Soon, Xu Tui brought Dongyu Jiajiu, Wei Bin, and the others to the Western Heavenly Gate.

At the Western Heavenly Gate, the corpses of the Muyase were piled up like mountains.

It was already ten meters high. The corpses of the Muyas at the bottom had already turned into meat paste. The blood river was still guided by a mysterious power and continuously gathered 10 kilometers into the middle of the Muya battlefield.

Under Wei Bin’s suggestion, they used the nine commanders of the Heavenly Court to change their defenses with the troops that had been fighting bitterly for four hours.

The Heavenly Court guards who had been replaced went to the camp to rest and replenish their energy. The other 20-odd Heavenly Court commanders were gathered by Xu Tui.

“In order to strengthen the efficiency of the battle, I wish to temporarily change the military structure of the energy array. Each commander will lead 3,000 people under them to form the energy array. The remaining 6,000 people will be temporarily handed over to the other commanders for command…

“Lord Envoy, this is against the military system. Forgive me for not being able to execute it.”

“Lord Special Envoy…”

There were objections. Almost at the same time that Xu Tui gave the order, 24 of the 26 commanders present immediately objected. Furthermore, their objections were firm.

Xu Tui’s mind reading had already spread out. However, the information he received through telepathy was that the thoughts of these commanders of the Heavenly Court were very simple and direct in this matter.

No way. They just could not! It was not feasible to violate the military rules. They did not have any other thoughts.

This is restricted by procedural rules!

Xu Tui was certain that the ancient Heavenly Court had a procedural restriction on their robot army. This made Xu Tui sweat a little. In the past, Xu Tui and the others felt that the Blue Star’s current technology was in the lead. All kinds of high technology, things from the ancient era were just legends and superstitions.

Now, not to mention anything else, just this robot technology alone made the ancient Heavenly Court several generations ahead of the Blue Star humans.

A scientist from the Blue Star said that the human brain, including the human cognitive system, was the most advanced and sophisticated program in the world. Some people objected to this explanation. A person’s cognitive system could not be named with the most sophisticated program.

From the looks of it, the ancient Heavenly Court was already in use. Wasn’t the core program of the mass-produced Heavenly Court guard robots in front of him a comprehensive human mind and cognitive system—a mental body?

Xu Tui had been good at playing different games since he was young.

In the new military arrangement that Wei Bin had proposed, the temporary commander of the four Heavenly Gates, Dongyu Jiajiu, and the others, supported it. Among the commanders of the Heavenly Court in the west, 24 opposed it, and two agreed.

One of the commanders was Kitawan, Xu Tui could not remember the other. But he remembered very clearly that in the Western Heavenly Gate, only the commander of the Heavenly Court in front of him and Xiyu Yiba had been rewarded by Xu Tui with the Connate Soul Pearl.

The person in front of him was smart. Xu Tui rewarded him with a Silver Spirit

Box. Could it be because of the Silver Spirit Box? Or could it be that the Silver Spirit Box was one of the conditions for the commanders of the Heavenly Court in front of him to break through the procedural restrictions of the ancient Heavenly Court?

Of course, it was also possible that their accumulation had reached a certain level. A Silver Spirit Box (Connate Soul Pearl) was just a catalyst for them to break through the procedural restrictions of the ancient Heavenly Court.

However, no matter which it was, Xu Tui felt that he had to do a test. So he randomly chose three of the commanders of the Heavenly Court who had firmly opposed it just now. Each of them was rewarded with a Silver Spirit Box for them to refine on the spot.

Twenty minutes later, he suddenly gave another order to the two of them when he sensed an indescribable fluctuation in the auras of the three commanders of the Heavenly Court.

“The three of you, immediately split out 3,000 subordinates and build an energy array to prepare to deal with powerful enemies. The other 6,000 subordinates will be temporarily handed over to Xiyu Yiba to command. They will be returned to you after the battle.”

The three commanders of the Heavenly Court, who had just refined a third of the Silver Spirit Box, stood up at the same time. After looking at each other, they respectfully accepted the order and went to carry out the order.

Xu Tui and Wei Bin understood. The Silver Spirit Box, or rather, the Connate Soul Pearl, was very important to these commanders of the Heavenly Court. It was not only a treasure that could break through the restrictions of strength, but also a key item that could break through certain procedural restrictions.

In other words, a physical key might have a higher degree of control for war robots.

The robots of the Blue Star had once faced network security..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1