Chapter 1930: The Key Question Of The Optimization Of The Energy Array (1)

Chapter 1930: The Key Question of the Optimization of the Energy Array (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui looked at Ullr quietly.

Ullr also looked at Xu Tui quietly. He tried his best to look sincere to show that he was really convinced.

Ullr thought that Xu Tui was observing him and making a decision. However, in reality, Xu Tui was using his mind reading to listen to Ullr’s mind.

Was Ullr convinced? No! He was still indignant. Being able to kill him three times without killing only made Ullr’s fear of Xu Tui reach an unprecedented height. However, if Ullr was completelv convinced and submitted to Xu Tui, he would not.

Moreover, Xu Tui knew that such a situation was basically impossible. It was basically impossible for an old coin like Ullr, who had grown up through hardships, to completely submit with two to three death threats.

After the fear of death had passed, he would immediately be alive and kicking. The reason why Xu Tui could kill him three times without killing him was to make Ullr more obedient and give him the greatest deterrence. It would allow him to fully carry out Xu Tui’s orders.

At the same time, he wanted Ullr to understand that he needed to show Xu Tui the value of his existence. If he was worthless to Xu Tui, or rather, if he could not show his value in the life-and-death battle of the Blue Star in the future, Xu Tui would kill him without hesitation.

And Xu Tui had the ability to kill him easily. It was that simple.

Of course, the prerequisite for all these thoughts was that Xu Tui had confirmed one thing after more than a year, especially when he had asked Ullr to join the expeditionary army and lead him to the Spiritual Race’s Star Field.

Ullr was very clear-headed! He knew very well what he wanted. What he wanted might be power, might be strength, might be freedom, might be some kind of dignity, but he did not want to become a low-level citizen.

During the expedition of the Spiritual Race, Ullr had no intention of coming into contact with the Spiritual Race or betraying his comrades to surrender.

Of course, Ullr was not noble because of this. Instead, it was because he knew very well that he would definitely not get what he wanted after he surrendered to the Spiritual Race. He would only be humiliated!

Shui Zhi was the 14th main elder of the Spiritual Race, and he had been abandoned by the Spiritual Race just like that. If Ullr surrendered, what good treatment would a surrendered person who was only at the Eight Satellites Planetary realm receive?

Being reared and given a way out was the best treatment. It was more likely that if Ullr surrendered, the Spiritual Race would slaughter him like a pig after using him. Ullr had a clear understanding of this. This understanding was also one of the foundations that Xu Tui wanted to use when the humans of the Blue Star were on the verge of death. Otherwise, he would have been wiped out long ago.

“Ullr, I don’t care if you’re really convinced or not. I don’t have the time to guess your thoughts. I did this today to tell you one thing. Next, follow my orders and abide by the military rules of the expeditionary army. Other than that, I don’t care!

“However, as long as you don’t execute my orders well, I’ll kill you! As long as you violate the expeditionary army’s military rules, I’ll kill you! If you dare to betray the interests of the Blue Star Humans again, I’ll kill you! Do you understand?”

Ullr had a solemn expression. There was fear, yearning, and thoughts in his heart. Then, he nodded solemnly. “I’ll remember that!” He really remembered it. Xu Tui had grabbed his head three times in a row. It was difficult for him not to remember it.

“Let’s go to the main hall of the Lightning Division.”

Ullr nodded gently. On the way to the main hall of the Lightning Division, Xu

Tui casually asked, “Ullr, where did you get the other two seals in your body?”

Ullr was instantly shocked. He looked at Xu Tui in disbelief. He had refined a total of three seals. This was top secret. Other than him, no one knew. He had also used various technological methods on the Blue Star to test it, but he could not find it.

Although he had guessed that Xu Tui might know that he had the Reincarnation Seal, Ullr still felt a little broken when he heard Xu Tui point out that he had the other two seals. He felt that he could not hide many secrets from Xu Tui.

This made Ullr feel an indescribable sense of defeat. However, the ambitious

Ullr only felt dejected for a moment before his mentality returned to normal.

He changed into a very calm and rational mentality and said to Xu Tui calmly, “Commander, I told you about the origin before. Star Ruins.”

“Previously, you only said that the Lightning Division’s Orthodox God Seal and

Raymont’s Reincarnation Seal were obtained from the Star Ruins. You didn’t mention the two seals in your body,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Didn’t Commander not say how you knew that I still have two seals in my body? Is it perception?” Ullr had a smile on his face. His mentality had completely stabilized.

“You revealed your aura when you were facing a life-and-death crisis previously.” Xu Tui gave a casual reason. He would not tell anyone about his mind reading for a long time.

The more he used it, the more Xu Tui realized that this ability was a little scary. The combination of mental perception and spiritual resonance was too terrifying. At this moment, Xu Tui had only chatted with Ullr for a while and raised some key questions.

Ullr only dealt with Xu Tui calmly. He did not answer a single key question that Xu Tui asked. He was just fooling around. However, he already knew most of the real answer, or rather, what Xu Tui wanted to know..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1