Chapter 1933: The Key Question Of The Optimization Of The Energy Array (4)

Chapter 1933: The Key Question of the Optimization of the Energy Array (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

“The main targets of the intervention are the Eastern Heavenly Gate battlefield where the Spiritual Race is, then the Northern Heavenly Gate battlefield where the Great Xi Clan is. The Western Heavenly Gate battlefield where the Muyas are is the least valuable for intervention at the moment,” Wei Bin reported to Xu Tui in the temporary command center.

“Why do you say that there is no value in intervening in the Western Heavenly Gate battlefield where the Muyas are?” Xu Tui asked.

“The tactic adopted by the Muyas is a sea of people. Although the rear is indeed collecting blood to hold back a possible ultimate move, this tactic can’t be changed in the general situation.

“What we could do was to support a portion of the Heavenly Court guards in the Southern Heavenly Gate to the Western Heavenly Gate. At the same time, in order to reduce the defensive pressure on the Western Heavenly Gate, we can mobilize a portion of our elites to support the Western Heavenly Gate,” Wei Bin said.

“What if I say that the ultimate move that the Muyas are holding back can be unleashed at the Western Heavenly Gate City?” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“That’s impossible!” Wei Bin immediately rejected this possibility. “Commander, according to our research, the source of energy for the defensive light screen of the various Heavenly Gates in the small universe of the Heavenly Court is most likely the energy within the small universe. “Currently, it was discovered that as the defensive light screens of the three city passes were constantly bombarded, the concentration of energy in the small universe of the Heavenly Court was slowly decreasing.

“However, based on the current data and the current consumption strength, it would take 15 to 20 days. It would take at least 15 to 20 days to break through the defensive light screen. Under such circumstances, the Muyas only have 20 days to hold back their ultimate moves.”

“The Muyas have the Heavenly Court Seal that can directly pass through the defensive light screen. As long as one of the Muyas passes through the defensive light screen, their ultimate move will be unleashed at the Western

Heavenly Gate City. At that time, our losses will definitely be huge.”

“This…” Wei Bin was tongue-tied. After a while, he slowly shook his head. “Commander, our general staff is better at group battles. You will have to come up with a plan for something that involves personal combat strength. We will cooperate with the relevant plan.

“That’s because we don’t have a comprehensive understanding of your individual strength, survivability, and escape abilities. The higher the combat strength, the more it’s like this,” Wei Bin said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. This was also the problem he was facing now. The pressure on the Blue Star Elites from more than a hundred Nine Satellites was too great. No matter which side it was, as long as 10% of the Nine Satellites

Planetary realm experts fought, they would be able to wipe out the current Blue Star.

It was the same even if all the elites of the Blue Star were gathered together.

Xu Tui, Shang Long, Ullr, Erera, and Cai Shaochu could deal with five Nine Satellites. Ruan Tianzuo, Lavis, and Jin Ji of the Eight Satellites could barely restrain the Nine Satellites for a short period of time.

The Lightning Division’s supernatural being team led by Wen Xinglun could also restrain one Nine Satellites. An Xiaoxue could restrain one Nine Satellites.

This was the limit of the Blue Star. Moreover, other than Xu Tui and Shang Long, the others could only barely deal with and restrain them. There might be casualties at any time.

“How’s the research on the attack strength of the energy array of the Heavenly Court’s guards?” Xu Tui asked.

“Commander, the preliminary research results are that with a commander as the core, using the energy array built by more than 9,000 Heavenly Court guards to kill a Nine Satellites is very wasteful and takes a long time.

“After the calculations of the two intelligent quantum computing centers, Pangu and Ah Huang, the concentrated fire of 1,200 Heavenly Court guards building an energy array could destroy a Nine Satellites. But it could only destroy them. It did not have the aura of sweeping through everything like

Derore.

“The final data model was the energy array formed by the 3,000 Heavenly Court guards. It could kill any known Nine Satellites. The time it took to form the energy array was reduced to two minutes. The time it took to store energy was also reduced to two minutes. This way, the Western Heavenly Gate, which could at most build nine energy arrays that could kill the Nine Satellites, could build 27 energy arrays.

“The efficiency of our attacks will increase greatly, but there is a very important problem that needs to be resolved!” Wei Bin said.

“What problem?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1