Chapter 1936: Procedural Rules Restriction And Risky Plan

Chapter 1936: Procedural Rules Restriction and Risky Plan

(3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the history of the Blue Star, those network organizations and individuals who had powerful technological strength and equipment had once enjoyed boundless glory during the decades when the so-called smart products erupted.

That was because those products that were called smart could be controlled by them as long as they were connected to the Internet. Be it the smart home or the smart vapor power, even the robots on the Blue Star had been threatened like this.

From this point of view, they had naturally locked onto the rules of the Heavenly Court’s guards. Even if they lost control, they would not lose control too much. If they wanted to unlock it, they could use the rare resource, the Connate Soul Pill, which was the Silver Spirit Box.

And this unlocking only broke through a little of that authority. It was still very safe. From this point of view, the settings of the safety program of the ancient Heavenly Court’s guard robots were almost perfect.

Why was it called near-perfect? This was because Xu Tui had determined from all kinds of information that the current Great Xi Clan was most likely a group of troops that had betrayed the Heavenly Court.

In that case, what loophole did the Great Xi Clan find to betray the Heavenly Court’s defense forces? This question was worth thinking about. In the future, if they could defend the small universe of the Heavenly Court, they would have to excavate it.

Now, he could not find the reason.

The reason why the commanders of the Heavenly Court did not implement the best battle plan in the current situation was the rules of the guards of the Heavenly Court. The Silver Box of Spirit could strengthen their mental bodies and allow them to break through this rule.

He needed the Silver Spirit Box.

Xu Tui thought of two solutions. One was to give every commander of the Heavenly Court a Silver Spirit Box to break through this procedural restriction. The other plan was to give the commander of the Heavenly Court, Xiyu Yiba, more than eight Silver Spirit Boxes to see if he could break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

If he broke through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, would he be able to produce a stronger binding force on the commanders of the Western Heavenly Gate? Would he be able to use orders to break through the restrictions of this procedural rule?

This plan still needed to be tested. It was hard to say if it would succeed. There was a possibility of success. However, the key problem was that Xu Tui did not have many Silver Boxes of Spirit left.

Previously, he had reserved 50 Silver Spirit Boxes and used a total of 11 to subdue the commanders of the four Heavenly Gates. He had reserved the Silver Spirit Box for Tao Guan, but he had spent additional boxes on Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the others so that they could be better qualified to be commanders.

After the consumption and the three expenses just now, Xu Tui still had 29 Silver Spirit Boxes. Moreover, he could not use up all 29 Silver Spirit Boxes. The Silver Spirit Box was very effective in treating the injuries of the mental body.

“Lieutenant Wei, what is the optimal ratio of the energy matrix to the scattered guards in one Heavenly Gate?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Commander, take the Western Heavenly Gate as an example. The Muyas are implementing a sea of people tactic. Under non-specific battle situations, the 1:1 military strength is the best. That is, 45,000 people to build an energy array. The other 45,000 people will defend the city.

“If the enemy’s elites attack at the mid to late stages, we will need at least 60% of the troops to build the energy array. We will need about 80% at most,” Wei Bin said.

“In other words, at most, we might need more than 80,000 people, which is 24 commanders to split their forces to build the energy array.”

“That’s the case. But we lack the Silver Boxes.”

Xu Tui sighed. Currently, the East, West, and North Heavenly Gates need the same optimization arrangements. Only then would they be able to injure the extraterrestrial invaders of the three races and severely injure the power of the Nine Satellites.

Only by severely injuring the power of the Nine Satellites would the Blue Star have a chance of survival in the future. However, there were only 29 Silver Spirit Boxes left. It’s not enough for three Heavenly Gates.

It would be meaningless if there were seven to eight of them in one Heavenly Gate.

In every Heavenly Gate, at least 15 Heavenly Court commanders had to break through this procedural restriction to have the effect of optimizing the allocation of military strength. The best effect was for each Heavenly Gate to have 24 Heavenly Court commanders break through the procedural restrictions.

He needed 45 to 72 Silver Spirit Boxes. At this rate, he was still short of dozens of Silver Boxes of Spirit. It was very difficult to obtain this thing. There were only ten of them a year. And Xu Tui had just harvested all of them.

The problem of how to break through the procedural restrictions of the guards of the Heavenly Court had been resolved. Yet they lacked a large number of Silver Boxes of Spirit.

One question after another made Xu Tui a little tired. It was really not easy to be the regiment commander of the Blue Star!

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s gaze landed on the mountain of corpses of the Muyas at the foot of the Western Heavenly Gate. There was also an endless stream of Muyas rushing over. This made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat.

An extremely bold plan of action surged into Xu Tui’s mind.

“Lieutenant Wei,” Xu Tui shouted anxiously..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1