Chapter 1931: The Key Question Of The Optimization Of The Energy Array (2)

Chapter 1931: The Key Question of the Optimization of the Energy Array (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The three seals in Ullr’s body all came from the Star Ruins that he had mentioned before.

One was the seal of the Orthodox God of the Lightning Division, and the other was the Reincarnation Seal. However, the third seal was indeed very mysterious. It had been many years since Ullr’s refinement of this seal had been stuck at 99%. He could not completely refine it.

If he could not completely refine it, he would not be able to know the specific function and function of the seal.

However, there was one thing that Ullr was very certain of. The third mysterious seal in his body that he did not know about should have the same origin as the Reincarnation Seal because its aura was very similar.

Furthermore, it was of a higher level than the Reincarnation Seal. These were all the information that appeared in Ullr’s mind during Xu Tui’s communication with him. They were all sensed by his mind reading.

Xu Tui’s judgment was the same as Ullr’s. This mysterious seal that had reached 99% of the refinement progress must be a high-level seal.

However, he could not be sure how high it was. The refinement progress of the seal that Xu Tui had refined previously was still at 99%. It was useless even if he went to the Shenxiao Prefecture.

The Nandou Lord’s seal and the Huo De Star Lord’s seal were also stuck at 99% refinement progress. However, these two seals automatically returned to their positions when Xu Tui brought them back to the corresponding Star Lord’s residence.

It could be said that the third mysterious seal in Ullr’s body was at least a seal at the level of Lord Nandou. The highest might be the supreme seal.

Why was it called the Supreme Seal? That was because Xu Tui highly suspected that the third mysterious seal in Ullr’s body came from the Samsara Small Universe. This was because its aura was very similar to the aura of the Reincarnation Seal.

The problem was, where was the Samsara Small Universe? Up until now, he had not discovered the location of the Samsara Small Universe.

According to Little Six, the Samsara Small Universe was the most important. Losing the small universe of the Heavenly Court would only lose an important door and a portion of the power of the ancient Heavenly Court. However, if they lost the Samsara Small Universe, they would really be wiped out forever.

Xu Tui felt that he had to make a trip to the Star Ruins that Ullr mentioned in the future. He wanted to explore the star ruins. Or rather, was the entrance to the Samsara Small Universe in the Star Ruins?

“Can you tell me what the Star Ruins look like?” Xu Tui asked.

What Xu Tui did not expect was that Ullr’s first reaction when he mentioned the specific situation of the Star Ruins was fear. Ullr’s thoughts were that if he had a choice, he would definitely not be willing to enter that place a second time.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows. He received feedback from Ullr’s fear. There was no useful information. The only thing he could confirm was that the Star Ruins seemed to be really terrifying.

“This shouldn’t be your first time in the main hall of the Lightning Division, right?” Lightning wrapped around the plaque of the Lightning Division in front of him. When Ullr arrived, the door had already naturally opened. Moreover,

Star Guards and attendants walked out.

However, a minute later, Xu Tui looked disappointed. “Is that all?”

There was only one deacon and 20 guards from the Lightning Division who came out to welcome Ullr. It was completely different from the 100-odd guards that Xu Tui had expected. His original idea was to pull Ullr here and recruit the forces left behind by the Lightning Division to strengthen their combat strength.

He did not expect the difference to be so great.

“There was a Duke Lightning who was killed by you the last time I came.

Moreover, the last time the four races entered the small universe of the

Heavenly Court, the Spiritual Race had designs on the main hall of the Lightning Division. I did not step in, but I sent Duke Lightning and the Star Guards to fight them.

“In the end, we repelled the forces of the Spiritual Race. However, we also suffered heavy losses here. Dozens of the Star Guards died in battle,” Ullr said.

“Dozens died in battle?” Xu Tui frowned.

“On the Spiritual Race’s side, it’s not just their own strength. There are also the subordinates of the other Star Officials they command, such as the Star Guards,” Ullr said.

Ullr was telling the truth. The Spiritual Race had indeed obtained a lot of seals last time. They wanted to kill Xu Tui, but Xu Tui killed them, and it benefited Xu Tui.

“The lightning-type supernatural being you left at the Myth Base is already in the Six Satellites, right?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Yes, he’s already a Six Satellites.”

“Transfer him into the small universe of the Heavenly Court. I have great use for him,” Xu Tui ordered.

Ullr hesitated for a moment and nodded. “I’ll give the order immediately.”

“Also, this Duke Lightning in front of me and the 20 Star Guards of the Lightning Division have to be under my command. I want to organize a group of lightning-type supernatural being elites and implement a pounce tactic at the critical moment. You are the captain, Wen Xinglun is the vice-captain,” Xu Tui said to Ullr.

“Sure.” Ullr agreed without hesitation. With his status as a orthodox god of the Lightning Division, he had absolute control over these subordinates of the Lightning Division.

“They’ve all broken through, right?”

“They’ve all broken through.’

“Alright, bring these people to the command center to await orders in half an hour.”

The Star Deacon of the Lightning Division, who was also Duke Lightning, was originally a Six Satellites Planetary realm. After being rewarded by Ullr, a orthodox god of the Lightning Division, to break through, he was already a Seven Satellites.

Among the 20 Star Guards of the Lightning Division, there were seven from the Six Satellites Planetary realm and 13 from the Five Satellites Planetary realm. ullr was tne arrowneacl or a team or more tnan 20 supernatural Demgs trom the Lightning Division, they would definitely have the strength to launch a pounce and severely injure the Nine Satellites Planetary realm..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1