Chapter 1937: Western Heavenly Gate Breached And Bad Tactics (1)

Chapter 1937: Western Heavenly Gate Breached and Bad Tactics (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

Outside the Western Heavenly Gate, in the temporary command center of the Muya Heavenly Court’s expeditionary army. Compared to the combat command center of the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan, the Muyas’ combat command center was a little rough.

However, in terms of command, they were not bad at all.

Under the command of the purple-robed bishop led by Monet, the slave army gathered from the various planets of the Muyas shouted the name of the Lord and pounced crazily towards the Western Heavenly Gate of the Heavenly Court.

Every moment, the Muyas were dying. However, be it the two experienced purple-robed bishops, Monet and Milolis, or the two purple-robed bishops, Klens and Rolank, who were slightly less experienced, they all looked at the battlefield in front of them expressionlessly.

No matter how many Muyas died, it would not affect their nerves. To purple-robed bishops, it was the greatest honor in their lives for these Muya slaves and even Muya Warriors to sacrifice themselves for their Lord.

So what if they died? Even if they died, their blood would contribute the last bit to the Muyas. The blood that flowed out of the bodies of the Muyas who had died in battle was also their ultimate move.

The blood contained the most primitive power of every Muya. After gathering the blood of thousands of people, they could refine the Blood Spiritual Pearl. The lethality of the Blood Spirit Pearl depended entirely on how much blood was condensed.

Under normal circumstances, the Blood Spiritual Pearl condensed by a thousand Muyas could easily destroy all creatures below the Planetary realm within a 50-meter radius.

The Blood Spiritual Pearl condensed by 10,000 Muyas could easily eliminate all living beings below the Five Satellites Planetary realm within a 100-meter radius. The Blood Spiritual Pearl condensed by 100,000 Muyas could easily eliminate all living beings below the Nine Satellites Planetary realm within a

200-meter radius.

It was extremely powerful.

Of course, not everyone could refine a 100,000-strong Blood Spiritual Pearl. Only these purple-robed bishops and some red-robed cardinals could condense 100,000 Blood Spiritual Pearls.

Monet’s plan was to condense at least 10 100,000-strong Blood Spiritual Pearls, 20 50,000-strong Blood Spiritual Pearls, and 100 10,000-strong Blood Spiritual Pearls.

At that time, he would be able to easily break through and sweep through the Western Heavenly Gate of the small universe of the Heavenly Court with half of the Blood Spiritual Pearls and a secret technique.

The rest would be carried out in the following offensive and defensive battles. After all, according to Pope Qiao An’s judgment, their expeditionary army would only truly begin after breaking through the Western Heavenly Gate city pass.

This attack on the Western Heavenly Gate was actually more like a battle preparation for the Muyas.

Most importantly, they had to collect enough Blood Spiritual Pearls.

As for the consumption of the Heavenly Gate’s defense screen in the west, it was just a side effect. As long as they collected most of the Blood Spiritual Pearls, they could break through whenever they wanted.

This time, the Muyas had gathered more than 10 million Muya slaves and warriors. There were also a large number of them who were on their way here. Their goal was to kill at least 5 million Muyas in battle and collect enough Blood Spiritual Pearls before they broke through.

You’re talking about population loss? To the Muyas, who had hundreds of planets that were suitable for the Muyas to reproduce, a few million damage to their character was nothing. This was especially so for these Muya slaves and warriors. They could give birth very often. It was very common for them to give birth to several children at once.

“Klens, Rolank, how far has your Blood Spiritual Pearl been condensed?” Monet, who was a little bored, asked. After watching the same scene for a few days, Monet, the purple-robed bishop, was also a little bored.

“Lord Monet, the Blood Spiritual Pearl I condensed has already reached the level of 30,000 people. At the current speed, my Blood Spiritual Pearl will be able to condense to its limit in about 10 days,” Klens replied respectfully. There were also levels among the purple-robed bishops.

“Lord Monet, my Blood Spiritual Pearl is estimated to reach its limit in ten days at most,” Rolank replied.

Monet nodded slightly and looked ahead. Since Rolank and Klens would need at least ten days, the eight cardinals who were qualified to condense 100,000-level Blood Spiritual Pearls would only take a longer time.

As for the Blood Spiritual Pearls that condensed about 50,000 people and 10,000 people, there was no need to worry. It will probably be completed one after another in the next few days. The time it took would definitely not be more than 100,000 Blood Spiritual Pearls.

Estimated… 12 days. It would take at least 12 days for the mission to be carried out. Monet sighed. This battlefield made him feel uncomfortable. There was too much smell of blood and corpses.

It was not comfortable. It was more comfortable to stay in his palace. Suddenly, Monet reminisced about his palace.

Just as Monet was beginning to reminisce about the services in his palace that he had already grown tired of, under the Western Heavenly Gate 10 kilometers away, a sky-piercing roar and cheers that shouted the name of the Lord suddenly erupted.

Monet, Klens, and the others were stunned. What was going on? Shouldn’t those Muya slaves continue to pounce forward and die, contributing the blood in their bodies? How could they cheer?

Three seconds later, a golden light instantly flashed over. After stopping, it was a person with the head of a Golden Winged Dragon. This was Monet’s left-hand commander, Disot, a peak-level Muya noble of the Nine Satellites who had extremely powerful combat strength..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1