Chapter 1934: Procedural Rules Restriction And Risky Plan

Chapter 1934: Procedural Rules Restriction and Risky Plan

(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

“Commander, the two quantum super intelligences, Pangu and Ah Huang, have already deduced the best dispatch array for the Heavenly Court’s guards based on the current actual situation. However, the commanders don’t listen.” Wei Bin raised the biggest problem at the moment.

“The commanders of the Heavenly Court don’t listen?” This made Xu Tui very stunned. He thought that he had heard wrongly. It shouldn’t be like this. Hadn’t he already solved this problem? “Did anything happen in the past few days?” Xu Tui quickly asked.

“Commander, it’s not the disobedience you think it is. It’s a problem with military rules.” Wei Bin’s words were a little confusing. Xu Tui did not understand immediately, but he quickly understood the problem with the feedback of his mind reading.

Actually, he did not have enough control over the commanders of the Heavenly Court.

Before this, Xu Tui had held the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South

Pole. With his status as a special envoy and the Connate Soul Pill (Silver Box of Spirit), he had basically included the guards of the Heavenly Court of the four Heavenly Gates in his command and made them listen.

Xu Tui used Dongyu Jiajiu, Xiyu Yiba, Nanyu Bingqi, and Beiyu Dingwu as temporary great commanders to fight against the foreign enemies.

He also released the Connate Soul Pearl as a reward and made the other commanders of the Heavenly Court obediently listen to these four people. They achieved control over the guards of the Heavenly Court. Through Xu Tui, they allowed Wei Bin to mobilize the guards of the Heavenly Court.

But now, these Heavenly Court guards refused to carry out Wei Bin’s orders.

Of course, it was not that the guards of the Heavenly Court disobeyed orders.

It was military rules. According to the explanation Dongyu Jiajiu and the others had given Wei Bin, the basis for them to carry out the orders of Xu Tui, the special envoy, was definitely an order that was within the scope of the Heavenly Court’s military rules.

They could firmly carry out such orders. They could not carry out orders outside the scope of the Heavenly Court’s military rules. More specifically, in the military rules of the Heavenly Court, the guards of the Heavenly Court were responsible for guarding the small universe of the Heavenly Court. So they would carry out any order to protect the small universe of the Heavenly Court. They would not carry out orders that endangered the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

For example, they would definitely not evacuate the small universe of the Heavenly Court if Wei Bin told them to. Currently, the optimization of the energy array involves the military system of the Heavenly Court.

In Wei Bin’s optimization plan, the 3,000 Heavenlv Court guards set up an energy array, but they needed a Heavenly Court commander as the core.

In a city pass, more than 20 Heavenly Court commanders would have to participate in the battle at the same time. Then, the other Heavenly Court guards would have to be handed over to the Heavenly Court commanders who had not built an energy array to control and command.

It was equivalent to this portion of the commanders of the Heavenly Court temporarily handing over the command rights of his subordinates. They handed it over to someone else to command. This was equivalent to changing the military system of the Heavenly Court.

It was useless no matter how Wei Bin explained. Wei Bin said that it was just a temporary change during the war. It would not change whose troops it was after the war. However, to the commanders of the Heavenly Court, it was a

change in the military system.

“Order Dongyu Jiu and the other three to see me,” Xu Tui ordered with a frown.

Logically speaking, such a change was very small. The commander of the Heavenly Court should be able to accept restoration after the battle. Why couldn’t he accept it?

Seven minutes later, Dongyu Jiajiu, Xiyu Yiba,and the others appeared in front of Xu Tui at the same time. Each of the four of them had been rewarded with at least two Silver Boxes of Spirit by Xu Tui. Their auras had clearly increased by a small amount compared to before.

“What’s going on? Why didn’t you execute the latest military plan?” Xu Tui asked directly. When he asked this question, he activated his mind reading with all his might and covered it. He wondered if these commanders of the Heavenly Court had become black-hearted, and wanted to take the opportunity to raise the price and ask him for the Silver Box of Spirit.

If that was the case, Xu Tui might have to kill a few of them.

“Lord Envoy, it’s not that we’re unwilling to implement it, but it’s limited by the military system! We understand the benefits of setting up an array like this, but it’s limited by the rules!” Dongyu Jiajiu said sincerely.

Xu Tui stared at Dongyu Jiajiu and the other three. Dongyu Jiajiu felt his hair stand on end.

“Lord Special Envoy, the four of us are willing to take the lead in changing the military system. However, if they are unwilling, we can’t forcefully suppress the others.” After being stared at by Xu Tui for a long time, Xiyu Yiba took the initiative to speak again.

Xu Tui frowned even more. According to his feedback, the four commanders of the Heavenly Court guards did not have any dirty thoughts. Moreover, when the rules were mentioned, the four of them were clearly in awe. He felt that the word ‘rules’ was not a reason they had come up with. It looked like it was true.

“The others are restricted by the rules, but the four of you can violate the rules and implement the new military system?” Xu Tui asked.

Xu Tui’s question made the four of them look at each other. They could not understand.

“I feel that I should be able to do such a thing…” After a long time, Dongyu Jiajiu said.

The other three had the same thought. Xu Tui frowned and thought hard. “Let’s go to the Western Heavenly Gate with me.”

The performance of Dongyu Jiajiu and the others made Xu Tui suddenly understand that he might have overlooked a problem—the restrictions of the rules.

Previously, when he subdued the Heavenly Court guards, he had forgotten that this massive number of Heavenly Court guards was actually a programmed robot army mass-produced by the ancient Heavenly Court, especially the Heavenly Court guards below the Planetary realm..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1