Chapter 1943: Huge Battle Damage And Final Battle (2)

Chapter 1943: Huge Battle Damage and Final Battle (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Western Heavenly Gate City was closed. The guards of the Heavenly Court were as cold as ever. The expressions of the Blue Star Planetary realm experts who were gathered for battle were a little abnormal.

Other than those who had participated in the expeditionary army, the other Planetary realm experts of the Blue Star had never seen such a scene, especially those who had participated less in actual combat. Their faces turned pale, and even their fingers began to tremble. They were sweating profusely.

Xu Tui used his mental perception to sense everything.

The spiritual resonance was the first to surge into Gong Ling’s heart. His positive beliefs of confidence, bravery, faith, victory, and protecting the country were sent into the minds of the dozens of rookies who had just experienced the most tragic actual combat through his spiritual resonance.

In an instant, their trembling fingers began to stop, their rapid breathing began to stabilize, and their conditions became normal.

Shang Long glanced at Xu Tui with a faint smile on his face. Ullr and Ruan Tianzuo also swept their gazes past Xu Tui. They sensed the powerful power of faith that erupted from his body at that moment.

The regiment commander had a powerful secret technique that affected one’s mind power. It was very likely an ability of the School of Radiation Influence.

Ullr concluded.

“Lieutenant Wei, all the commanders of the Heavenly Court who have already formed an energy array are not allowed to attack before they lock onto the target of the Nine Satellites,” Xu Tui ordered.

Although this order was very temporary and would bring a lot of pressure to the defense of the Western Heavenly Gate, Wei Bin still carried it out without hesitation. During wartime, no one could question the orders of the commander-in-chief.

The attacks of the Muyas continued. As the defensive light screen of the Western Heavenly Gate gate shattered, the intensity of the attacks instantly increased. Some of the Muyas had already begun to climb up the city gate.

At this moment, it had only been ten seconds since the defense light screen shattered. It was also at this moment that the main force of Bilos, who had started to charge first, had already arrived four kilometers away from the Western Heavenly Gate.

Xu Tui did not look at Shang Long. He only used his mind power to gently touch him. In an instant, a stunning sword light instantly swept above the entire Western Heavenly Gate. A powerful mind power fluctuation exploded slightly from Xu Tui’s body.

It only exploded for an instant, like a nuclear explosion. It was extremely short, but extremely powerful. The Nine Satellites Planetary realm, who was charging at the front like an arrow, suddenly seemed to be dumbfounded. They did not dodge Shang Long’s sword light and faced it head-on.

Amidst his angry roars, the Nine Satellites, who had wanted to dodge, attacked Shang Long’s sword light with all his might. However, it was already too late.

Shang Long’s sword light split his head into two. The sword light had a hint of dense light. Not only was his head avoided, but even his mental body was severely injured. Before he could react, five small mind power swords had already appeared out of thin air.

Spirit Sealing Array Sword.

The moment the sword light exploded, it had already annihilated the mental body of the Nine Satellites. The death of a Muya, Nine Satellites, took a few seconds.

However, the excited Muyas did not stop in their tracks. Bilos, who was commanding the battle at the back, paused for a moment. He took the initiative to slow down and blended into the crowd of Muyas. He felt threatened.

It was as if it was a replication. The second Nine Satellites was killed by Xu Tui and Shang Long. The morale of the Blue Star was greatly boosted after killing two Nine Satellites. However, a large number of fearless Muyas had already rushed up the Western Heavenly Gate. Although they were immediately blasted down, they still caused casualties.

“Fire!” Almost at the same time, Wei Bin gave the order in the combat command.

The moment the order was given, the hundreds of ultrasonic launchers set up inside the Western Heavenly Gate city pass spat fire at the same time. Every ultrasonic launcher carried a split-body avoidable three-phase thermal explosive.

A total of 100 three-phase thermal bombs instantly passed through the Western Heavenly Gate and blasted towards the Muyas.

Supersonic speed. In the Blue Star, it sounded like cool technology. It used a modified version of the impetus system of the aerospace engine. Currently, the most advanced missile could reach Mach 80 at the fastest, but not more than Mach 10 in the first ten seconds.

However, this speed was too slow for powerhouses above the Planetary realm. It was very slow for powerhouses above the Planetary realm of the Five Satellites. It could easily be intercepted and destroyed.

This was why firearms on the Blue Star were not very useful here. If he was destroyed by the other party from afar, he might injure himself if he was not careful.

However, he had a meticulous plan for today. The main force of the Muyas’ attack had already entered the three-kilometer battlefield of the Western Heavenly Gate. Almost at the same time that Wei Bin gave the order to “launch”, Xu Tui gently touched Ullr with his mind power.

Ullr’s Lightning Divine Seal and Xu Tui’s Longevity Emperor Seal soared into the sky and flew above the Western Heavenly Gate. The difference was that the moment Ullr’s Lightning Divine Seal flew out, lightning shot out, and thunderclouds instantly surged in the sky.

On the other hand, Xu Tui’s Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole directly projected divine light to enhance the seal of the Lightning Division. At the same time, it was also a talisman.

He allowed the orthodox gods of the Lightning Division to fight!

The 20 members of the Lightning Division led by Wen Xinglun, including Wen Xinglun and the other lightning-type supernatural beings who had refined the seal, also soared into the sky. Lightning merged into the seal of the Lightning

Division..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1