Chapter 1947: Xu Tui L S Contingency Plan (2)

Chapter 1947: Xu Tui l s Contingency Plan (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Then, his figure pressed down at lightning speed. The furious Nine Satellites wanted to kill Zhao Hailong. However, Zhao Hailong received nine consecutive attacks very steadily.

This was because he was not the only one participating in the battle. Behind Zhao Hailong were Yang Huai, Cui Xi, and the other three. The nine of them were like one. The nine seals floated in the air and became one. They were actually on Dar with the Nine Satellites.

Although the 36 Tian Gang Generals’ Formation was incomplete, it was not weak. For a moment, not only did he catch the counterattack of the Nine Satellites, but he also had the intention of suppressing him.

However, this situation only lasted for a moment. A look of fear suddenly appeared in the eyes of the Nine Satellites. Half of his head suddenly disappeared.

Another Nine Satellites had died in battle!

“Miss An!” Zhao Hailong waved his fist excitedly and led the team to charge towards the other Nine Satellites.

An Xiaoxue had also come to help. It was not just Zhao Hailong. Yan Lie, Li Zheng, Miao Huanshan, Yan Xuejin, and Luo Murong. With Luo Murong as the leader, the other four people formed the Eight Extremes Formation and also trapped a Nine Satellites.

However, they did not have the strength of Zhao Hailong. Furthermore, there were not many of them. They could only barely trap him. So two of the free Nine Satellites were entangled. They even killed one.

There were still 11 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts that were left unattended. Eleven Nine Satellites would definitely be able to break through the Western Heavenly Gate.

On the Blue Star’s side, almost all of their elite forces had already entered the battlefield. Wen Xinglun, who had barely recovered some of his combat strength, was taking the time to support Ruan Tianzuo and the others.

It was rather difficult for them to deal with a Nine Satellites alone.

There was also Jagren, who had rushed over to support, who was doing something similar. He was urgently rescuing these people from afar.

The situation was extremely dangerous at this moment.

At the back, Bilos, who was commanding the battle, also gave the latest order.

“Surround and annihilate the Blue Armored Men with all your might!”

In an instant, six of the 11 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts charged toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui laughed when he saw this. The Five Mountains Suppressing Star instantly appeared in front of him and transformed into a thousand-meter-tall mountain. It instantly enveloped the Nine Satellites and blasted over. “Mr. Shang!”

Shang Long instantly understood what Xu Tui meant when he heard those words. He gave up on his target. The sword light instantly changed directions. No matter how strong Xu Tui’s Five Mountains Suppression Star was, it would definitely be shattered by six Nine Satellites at the same time.

The Five Mountains Suppressing Star shattered. The two divine seals of Huashan and Hengshan let out a wail and returned to Xu Tui’s body.

Xu Tui spat out blood because he had been shaken. But he was fighting for this opportunity. These six Nine Satellites would have to pay a little price to shatter his Five Mountains Suppressing Star. He wanted them to stop in place for an extremely short moment.

Shang Long’s sword light instantly shattered the head of a Nine Satellites. Half of the head of the other Nine Satellites disappeared. There was no need to mention the tacit understanding between Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

The moment Xu Tui informed Shang Long, An Xiaoxue also attacked from afar.

Dimensional Slash!

Shang Long’s sword light was extremely fast and ruthless. Furthermore, this time, he slashed out two sword lights at all costs. He instantly killed two Nine Satellites’ heads.

However, in the next moment, Shang Long’s body flew backward like a kite. Blood spurted out of his mouth like an arrow. Shang Long’s opponent at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm was not to be underestimated. He instantly seized the opportunity and severely injured Shang Long.

Shang Long let out a sinister laugh. “Sword of Annihilation!” Amidst a silent roar, the blood that Shang Long spat out had already condensed into a blood sword that slashed over. Not only did it instantly shatter his opponent’s head, but it also severely injured his mental body.

At the side, Shui Zhi could not help but shiver! Crazy guy. He was using this move again. At that time, he had been killed by Shang Long with this Sword of Annihilation. It was too terrifying to use his physical life as a sword.

On Xu Tui’s side, three of the six Planetary realm experts who were attacking him were killed. So three of them charged toward Xu Tui. However, they kept dodging when they rushed over.

At this moment, An Xiaoxue had also used her full strength to attack the enemy.

One of the five Nine Satellites was taken by Shang Long. Four of them rushed straight into the Western Heavenly Gate. The Nine Satellites of the Muyas were also cunning. They rushed into the Blue Star elite formation and were about to start a massacre.

Once they were broken through, the elite Eight Satellites and Seven Satellites Planetary realm cultivators who were stopped at the back would be able to charge into the Western Heavenly Gate City.

“How dare you!” Xu Tui roared angrily. A small dark-colored sword instantly appeared above his head and disappeared. The moment it appeared again, he appeared above the head of the fastest Nine Satellites.

Energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state.

It instantly slashed in. The moment it slashed in, the divine light in the eyes of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert instantly dissipated. He was dead, with his soul dissipated!

A Nine Satellites was instantly killed. He had no chance of survival. This shocked the other three Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. They all froze. They were not the only ones. The Muyas behind them who saw this scene were all extremely shocked.

Instant kill! He was completely insta-killed with one strike! This was too terrifying!

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he saw this scene. Two more dark-colored small swords instantly appeared and blasted in that direction..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1