Chapter 1948: Xu Tui’S Contingency Plan (3)

Chapter 1948: Xu Tui’s Contingency Plan (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Almost at the same time, the three Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts who had just rushed to the Western Heavenly Gate City Gate fled backward.

This dark-colored sword light was too terrifying. Although there were only two swords, none of them wanted to die, so the three of them retreated at the same time. In just a few seconds, the other three Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts finally broke through An Xiaoxue’s heavy Spatial Rupture and arrived 500 meters in front of Xu Tui.

The three of them surrounded Xu Tui at the same time. The three Nine Satellites attacked with all their might. They wanted to kill Xu Tui. Even though Xu Tui was already prepared, there were too many powerful enemies. The attacks of the three of them had already landed on him.

The Vajra Barrier had already been activated, but it was instantly shattered. The attack of three Nine Satellites was too powerful. The moment Xu Tui spat out blood and his bones cracked, he activated the Time Distortion Nova with all his might. The Time Deceleration Force Field rose.

Under the buffer of the Time Deceleration Force Field, he teleported and disappeared. Half of the bones in his chest were shattered, but his expression did not change. The moment he teleported in another direction, the Five Mountains Suppression Star blasted down again.

The target of this attack was the three people surrounding him. The explosion was fast and ruthless. The three of them were also ruthless. They did not retreat at all. They attacked Xu Tui’s Five Mountains Suppression Star with all their might.

An Xiaoxue instantly attacked and killed someone. To everyone’s surprise, Shang Long gave up on his opponent again. Sword light flashed and he killed another person.

The moment the Nine Satellites who was fighting Shang Long blasted towards him, the scene of Shang Long being severely injured did not happen.

Li Qingping, who had a golden eggshell, was sent flying like a baseball. He had blocked the attack for Shang Long. He was only a Six Satellites, and he was severely injured with just one strike.

Shang Long did not even look. His sword light shot out again and slashed toward the last Nine Satellites that was attacking Xu Tui. He completely ignored the attacks of the Nine Satellites that were attacking him.

Xu Tui smiled bitterly. He spat out blood as he cooperated with Shang Long. He activated his mind power’s main planet force field again and trapped the Nine Satellites for a moment. He cooperated with Shang Long to kill the Nine Satellites.

However, the scene of Shang Long being severely injured did not happen. Mountain after mountain suddenly appeared in front of Shang Long, blocking most of the attacks for him. Behind him, Ji Gui’s Mountain Formula, which he had activated with all his might, was shattered. Blood spurted out of his mouth, but he was smiling. This was because he had blocked a fatal blow for Mr. Shang Long.

Ji Gui was a senior from the School of General Senses. He had only managed to master the Mountain Formula after five years of bitter cultivation. Currently, he was at the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

As this scene appeared, an indescribable sense of relief instantly appeared in Xu Tui’s heart. Even though the broken bones in his chest had pierced into his flesh, Xu Tui did not feel any pain.

Up until now, there were only three Nine Satellites that no one could deal with. They were the three Nine Satellites who had been frightened by Xu Tui’s fake and realistic God Slaying Sword. However, the three of them had already reacted.

As Bilos roared angrily, he charged toward Xu Tui again.

Xu Tui was no longer afraid this time. There were only three of them! He could immediately rewrite the situation.

The Five Mountains Suppression Star had already been blasted away from afar. An Xiaoxue also began to interfere in the battles of the others.

However, this was only the scene at the Western Heavenly Gate. Behind them, at the center of the battlefield of the Muyas, Archbishop Monet and Klens at the frontline also had extremely solemn expressions.

“The two of you, charge over!” Klens immediately gave the order to attack the remaining two Nine Satellites guards. Klens looked toward the back of the battlefield and shouted, “Lord Monet, reinforce immediately! We had to kill this group of Blue Star people in one go! Otherwise, we will never be able to break through the Western Heavenly Gate City! ”

Klens had an extremely strong strategic vision. At this moment, they should press all the core forces forward and lock onto the battle. Otherwise, all the losses and sacrifices would have been in vain. The guards of the Heavenly Court that the Blue Star humans had joined were too powerful!

Monet’s intelligence was on the line, and he was extremely experienced. Beside him, there were still 50 Nine Satellites. “Disot, bring 40 Nine Satellites and take down the Western Heavenly Gate in one fell swoop!” Monet gave the order.

“Don’t worry, Your Eminence!” Disot had an excited expression. He immediately accepted the order.

There were too many warriors pouncing on the Western Heavenly Gate.

Ordinary warriors and elites could not join the battlefield at all. However, the Nine Satellites could directly join the battlefield.

Once the 40 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts joined the battlefield, their advantage would be overwhelming. They could definitely destroy the main force of the Blue Star humans and break through the Western Heavenly Gate.

At the same time, the expression of Xu Tui changed when the Heavenly Eye saw this. Another 40 Nine Satellites! The style of the Muyas was so unyielding.

Were they going to flatten them in one wave?

“Commander, there are still 28 seconds before the defensive light screen rises! We can consider retreating to the barbican to defend.” Wei Bin gave an extremely iron-blooded suggestion.

The Barbican could take in many people, but there were only 20,000 to 30,000 people. In other words, only the main force could retreat into the barbican. The other 60,000 to 70,000 Heavenly Court guards who were still fighting bitterly on the city wall would be abandoned.

Once Xu Tui and the others retreated into Barbican, the guards of the Heavenly Court who could not retreat would all die in battle.

Benevolence did not lead troops! These words made Xu Tui understand. The 40 Nine Satellites pounced over again. They had no choice. This was no longer a small-scale conflict between the Blue Star and the Muyas. It was a final battle.

It was a true final battle!

All the elites looked at Xu Tui. They were just waiting for Xu Tui’s orders to enter the Barbican and defend it to the death. Of course, the other guards of the Heavenly Court would…

“This time, we should be able to take down the Blue Star humans. We can vent our anger from last time.” On the battlefield, Klens also had a ferocious expression.

The last time he commanded the Solar System Expeditionary Force to be wiped out was his greatest humiliation. He had to massacre the Blue Star humans! He had to make the head of the leader of the Blue Star humans, Xu Tui, into a toilet bowl to wash away his humiliation.

This was also the fundamental reason why Klens spoke at the critical moment.

However, Xu Tui did not give the order to retreat into the barbican to defend to the death like the others expected. Instead, he activated the range of his mental perception to the maximum. Then, he sent a voice transmission with his consciousness, “You can move now!”

In the next moment, flames opened from outside the Western Heavenly Gate, which was the center of the Muya battlefield. There was the light of a

three-phase thermal bomb. There were also incendiary bombs that exploded, but most of them were poisonous fog bombs.

In an instant, the entire battlefield outside the Western Heavenly Gate was covered in smoke and flames. However, the moment it was covered in smoke and flames, thousands of sword lights suddenly erupted above the entire Muyas’ base camp.

The thousands of sword lights slashed towards the place where the white-robed bishops of the Muyas were the most.

In an instant, both Monet and Klens were shocked..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1