Chapter 1942: Huge Damage And Decision (1)

Chapter 1942: Huge Damage and Decision (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the temporary command center of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, more than a hundred combat staff were analyzing the situation. They were constantly sending the latest discoveries to the commander based on the battle images transmitted from the Western Heavenly Gate.

“Commander, it’s already clear that there are abnormal movements from the Muyas. A portion of the elites have already entered a battle-ready state. Some of the 110-odd Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts have already retreated from their cultivation state. They seem to have entered a battle-ready state,” Wei Bin reported to Xu Tui.

“How many of the Nine Satellites have moved?” Xu Tui asked.

“The image is not clear enough, and the enemies are more concentrated. The exact number is countless and clear. However, there are definitely more than ten Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts,” Wei Bin said.

“Just ten people?”

“That’s the least. At the most, the results of the general staff’s analysis are close to 50. Commander, the general staff’s suggestion is to consider postponing the third baiting battle,” Wei Bin said after taking a deep breath.

“Are you afraid?” Xu Tui suddenly smiled.

“No. I just feel that the enemy has sent out between 10 and 50 Planetary realm experts. This number is too much. Under such circumstances, the casualties might be greater. It’s not in the interests of the Blue Star,” Wei Bin said.

“Ten to 50 Planetary realm Nine Satellites is too many!” Xu Tui looked at the Muyas pouncing forward below the Western Heavenly Gate and said, “You’re wrong. We might face the least number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts in today’s battle.” Xu Tui raised his wrist as he spoke. “Calibrate the time. Now is 9:54 and 18 seconds on the 14th of February, 2142 of the Blue Star

Calendar.

“Commander, the time calibration is complete.”

“At 10 0’clock, the capture battle will begin on time. The defensive light screen of the Western Heavenly Gate will be closed. The cooldown time for closing and restarting the defense light screen is 180 seconds. The battle time is at least three minutes,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood.”

“Get ready.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui took a step back and spread out his mental perception. He instantly informed every expert participating in the battle with his consciousness.

More than five minutes passed in the blink of an eye.

At ten o’clock sharp, the 21 commanders guarding the Western Heavenly Gate City Gate activated their commander seals at the same time. In an instant, the energy defense screen of the Western Heavenly Gate City Gate instantly fluctuated violently. In just a second, the defense screen instantly disappeared.

Almost the moment the defense light screen fluctuated, Bilos, who had been quietly waiting for all of this, immediately gave the order. “All units, attack and break through the Western Heavenly Gate in one fell swoop! Remember, target the enemy generals. Capture the blue-armored people on the city wall alive!”

Almost the moment Bilos gave the order, the elites of the Muya who had been on standby instantly moved.

The first to be mobilized were the elites of Bilos’ main force. With two Nine

Satellites as the leader, 10 Eight Satellites as the arrowhead, they brought 2,000 Planetary realms, and 20,000 quasi-planetary realms. Like a wave after a tidal wave, they instantly crossed the front wave and charged towards the Western Heavenly Gate.

Monet gathered the Planetary realm elites eight kilometers away from the Western Heavenly Gate. There were 15,000 Planetary realm experts gathered here. Basically, a quarter of them were above the Five Satellites Planetary realm. They were the main force of the Muyas.

Following Bilos’ order, half of the Planetary realm main force of the Muyas instantly swept out. They attacked later but arrived first, causing a wave of evil.

The last to move was the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. This time, the Muyas had sent out 124 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. These 124 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were the main force of the Muyas.

However, among the core forces, the four purple-robed bishops and 20 red-robed cardinals would not participate in the battle personally.

The Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were mainly the Nine Satellites of the nobles. When Bilos gave the order, 30 Nine Satellites soared into the sky and charged towards the Western Heavenly Gate.

The moment the defensive light screen of the Western Heavenly Gate shattered, the purple-robed Bishop Monet rose into the air at the same time. His eyes were like a pair of holy torches as he observed the entire Western

Heavenly Gate.

In just a second, Monet suddenly gave the order.

“Klens, bring five red-robed people and 20 Nine Satellites to hold the fort. Try your best to reduce the casualties of the main force,” the purple-robed Bishop, Monet, said.

Klens, who was condensing the Blood Spiritual Pearl, suddenly stopped what he was doing. He gently turned around and bowed. “Lord Monet, as you wish.”

His mind power swept past, and Klens turned into a purple light. In an instant, he brought along five red-robed cardinals and 20 other Nine Satellites

Planetary realm experts and pounced towards the Western Heavenly Gate.

Behind them were the 20 additional white-robed bishops that Klens had pointed out. These white-robed bishops were all from the Seven Satellites to the Eight Satellites. The reason why he brought them along was because of Monet’s orders to reduce the casualties of the main force.

The Bishop of the Muyas was an omnipotent nanny. He could increase the combat strength of the army, treat injuries, recover the power that they had

omnipotent.

With them following, the combat strength of the elites attacking the Western Heavenly Gate would increase by at least 30%. The chances of them dying in battle would decrease drastically.

Almost the moment they rushed over, holy light radiated over. These bishops had arrived even before they arrived. In an instant, every Muya in the range of the holy light roared excitedly. Their state and war intent had greatly increased..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1