Chapter 1945: Huge Damage And Final Battle (4)

Chapter 1945: Huge Damage and Final Battle (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The 4,000-odd Planetary realm experts also rushed over.

On the ground, tens of thousands of Muyas were not afraid of the remaining high temperature and power fluctuations. They once again roared and rushed towards the Western Heavenly Gate gate. In an instant, they filled the previous gap.

For an army of ten million people, the death of 200,000 people was meaningless. They had been sending these Muya slaves to their tempting fates. The only loss was the blood of these 200,000 people.

“Order the energy matrix to lock onto Nine Satellites and bombard them!” Xu Tui first gave Wei Bin an order. In the next moment, he roared, “Kill!”

Almost the moment he said the word ‘kill’, the first to attack were the ten water-type supernatural beings led by Shui Zhi and Li Zheng. Countless beams of water and ice shot out. Some of the Muyas turned into ice sculptures. All the elites participating in the battle attacked at the same time.

Wei Bin’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s ears. “The countdown of 100 seconds begins. ”

It would take another 100 seconds for the defensive light screen of the Western Heavenly Gate to rise. In other words, Xu Tui and the others still had to last another 100 seconds.

In the next moment, Shang Long’s sword light, Cai Shaochu’s word ‘suppress’ , and Erera’s rays all blasted out. However, the most dazzling thing was the 24 pillars of light that were more than a meter in diameter.

Energy array focused fire! This was the killing move of the guards of the Heavenly Court. It was fast and fierce. It was extremely difficult to dodge within a kilometer unless one had a teleportation-like divine power like Xu Tui.

In an instant, the 24 pillars of light hit the 24 Nine Satellites Muyas at the front. One of the monkey-faced Muya people instantly split into three. Two of his bodies were destroyed, and the other survived, so he did not die on the spot. The other 23 Nine Satellites were all killed by the concentrated fire of the energy array.

Behind him, Monet, who was watching the battle, suddenly staggered when he saw this scene. His body trembled.

Klens, who was commanding the battle at the front, also had a similar performance.

“No… Aren’t there only nine energy arrays at most? Where did 24 come from?” Klens’ exclamation represented Monet’s thoughts.

Before sending the main force to participate in the battle, Monet had already suffered psychological losses.

Ten! They had lost 10 Nine Satellites to break through the Western Heavenly Gate and kill their main force. However, he did not expect there to be 24 of them. They had killed 23 of their Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. Including the Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators from the beginning, they had killed 26 of them.

This loss was heavy!

Monet’s expression instantly turned ugly. He instantly roared, “Klens, we have to break through!”

Klens did not hesitate at all. He waved his hand and sent out the 10 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts. This time, only two Nine Satellites were left to protect the bishops. The rest of the Nine Satellites were all thrown into the battlefield.

In an instant, 25 of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts charged toward the Western Heavenly Gate. This included 4,000 to 5,000 elite Planetary realm experts. The holy light of Klens and the ten Red Cardinals had already spread to the bottom of the Western Heavenly Gate.

It had to be known that Klens and these 10 main red cardinals were also at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. In that case, the number of Planetary realm experts from the Muyas who had entered the battlefield was close to 70.

This was not half of the main force, but most of the strength.

Behind him, Monet, who had tragically lost 25 of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts, was truly angry. “Bilos, if you can’t eat that guy today, then my dinner today will be roasted three-headed dog meat!” The moment Monet’s cold voice sounded, Bilos also roared.

Attack!

Attack!

It was originally a battle of probing nature. However, after the huge losses of the Muyas, it suddenly had the nature of a decisive battle. Everyone in the west city gate also understood that the most tragic war was here..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1