Chapter 1940: The Third Time And Food (1)

Chapter 1940: The Third Time and Food (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui naturally knew what the top-secret document that An Xiaoxue had sent him from Planet Spirit was. That was because all of this, including the series of plans to take the initiative to break through the barrier and let the Muyas in, was to obtain this research result.

Xu Tui immediately conducted an identity verification. Then, he obtained the top-secret document and verified his biological information again. After entering his biological information password, he began to read the research results recorded in the top-secret document.

The research item was the basic data of the Silver Spirit Box obtained after various states, cultivation levels, and different Muya bloodlines were sent to the Spiritual Cultivation Center to be forcefully extracted.

The first major research category was the dead Muyas. Many Muyas had died at the Western Heavenly Gate. There were 500,000 of them. It could be said that corpses were piling up like a mountain.

It was extremely easy for Xu Tui to steal some corpses for research. In order to quickly complete this research project and obtain research materials in the shortest time possible, he had used almost all the power of the Heavenly Court’s Small Universe and the Blue Star.

Before he took the initiative to close the defense screen of the Western Heavenly Gate for the first time, he had stolen 2,000 corpses of various kinds and sent them to Planet Spirit through the new quantum teleportation channel that Yanzi had built.

That included the living Muyas who had been captured later for some experiments. The result of the research was that the Muyas who had died more than an hour ago could no longer extract their spirits.

The spirit in the bodies of the Muyas who had died for more than an hour had completely dissipated. From the time of death to an hour, the longer one died, the more the spirits in their bodies dissipated, and the less spirits the Spiritual Cultivation Center could obtain.

If the Muyas who had died for more than ten minutes could not be sent to the Spiritual Cultivation Center to extract the spirit within five minutes, there would be no point in extracting it.

In terms of time efficiency, the corpses of the Muyas who had died outside the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass of the small universe of the Heavenly Court no longer had any meaning.

In addition, the more blood the Muyas who could extract their spirits within 15 minutes of death lost, the lower the value of the spirit extraction. If the target, Muya, was already dead and had lost more than half of his blood, there was no value in extracting his spirit.

Overall, the value of extracting spirits from the Muyas who had died in battle was extremely low.

If they could send the corpses of the Planetary realm experts above the Five Satellites to the Spiritual Cultivation Center within a short period of time after they died in battle, they would be able to obtain decent benefits from extracting their spirits.

The second research category was the results of the captured Muya being sent directly to the Spiritual Cultivation Center.

By comparing the previous records of the Spiritual Race extracting the spirits of the Blue Star Humans with the previous records of the Spiritual Race captives, as long as the Muya warriors were not in human form, the gains from it would be far lower.

The human-shaped Officiant of the Muyas and the supernatural being

Planetary realm did not have much of a difference from the Spiritual Race. However, there were relatively few human-shaped officiants and supernatural beings in the Planetary realm.

The final data was: Only 100 to 150 Evolution Realm Muya Beast-shaped warriors could produce a Silver Spirit Box.

75 Transmutation Realm Muya warriors in beast form could only produce a Silver Spirit Box if they were sent to the Spirit Cultivation Center.

25 quasi-planetary beast-shaped warriors could only produce a Silver Spirit Box if they were sent to the Spirit Cultivation Center.

Every 10 beast-shaped warriors from the One Satellite to the Three Satellites Planetary realm could produce a Silver Spirit Box.

There were relatively few research samples from the Four Satellites to the Five Satellites. Basically, three to five people could produce a Silver Spirit Box.

The efficiency of obtaining spirits was far inferior to that of the Spiritual Race. But there were too many of them. He did not gain anything from the corpses he had obtained previously. However, in the previous two times, more than 20,000 Muyas had been captured.

Although most of the 20,000 Muyas were at the Transmutation Realm and the Evolution Realm, their gains were still shocking. He was expected to obtain as many as 240 Silver Spirit Boxes in the end.

Currently, the first batch of 120 Silver Spirit Boxes has been sent to Xu Tui. The remaining 120 Silver Spirit Boxes were expected to be sent to him in four hours.

At the end of the document, An Xiaoxue even gave a suggestion. The Silver Spirit Box was extremely useful, be it to reward the commander of the Heavenly Court or to increase the individual strength of the Blue Star humans.

It was recommended that they continue to implement the same tactics and obtain more Silver Boxes of Spirit in a short period of time. It was estimated that they could increase the combat strength of the Blue Star elites by a level in a short period of time.

Of course, there was a risk. He had to pay attention to the risks when he implemented the same tactic again. The Muyas were not fools. Cunning and ferocious, that was the nature of the Muyas. They could not be careless.

This was An Xiaoxue’s reminder to Xu Tui.

As Xu Tui accepted a huge safe from the multi-person quantum teleportation channel, he violently put the safe into the quantum dimensional chain. Then he gave each of the commanders of the Heavenly Court who had not been rewarded with a Silver Spirit Box.

This way, other than Kitawan, the 35 commanders of the Western Heavenly Gate could break through the rules imposed on them by the ancient Heavenly Court and flexibly split their forces on a small scale.

Then, Xu Tui headed to the Eastern Heavenly Gate, the Northern Heavenly

Gate, and the Southern Heavenly Gate. He gathered all the commanders of the

Heavenly Court. Anyone who had not been rewarded would be rewarded with a Silver Spirit Box. He rewarded them as the special envoy of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Xu Tui knew that the principle of grace came from the higher-ups..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1