Chapter 1941: The Third Time And Food (2)

Chapter 1941: The Third Time and Food (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Including the 24 Silver Boxes of Spirit that had been distributed previously, every 135 commanders of the four Heavenly Gates of the Heavenly Court had refined a Silver Box of Spirit.

Other than the few commanders of the Heavenly Court who had been rewarded previously, Xu Tui still had 23 silver boxes of Spirit.

When An Xiaoxue’s next batch of Silver Boxes of Spirit was sent over, they could be used to quickly increase the strength of the Blue Star elites.

After doing all of this, Xu Tui, who was at the Eastern Heavenly Gate, called Dongyu Jiajiu over.

“Do you want to try and break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm?” Xu Tui asked Dongyu Jiajiu.

Dongyu Jiajiu was overjoyed when he heard that. He suddenly knelt on one

Imee. “Lord Envoy, I’m willing! I’m willing to die for you.”

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to help Dongyu Jiajiu up. Instead, he continued, “If you break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, you will be the number one commander of the Heavenly Court.

“Although I can’t promote you to a great commander for the time being, you will be a commander without a name. Do you know what this means?” Xu Tui asked softly as he looked at Dongyu Jiajiu.

“I… understand!” Dongyu Jiajiu nodded.

“Then why is the Great Xi Clan almost 95% similar to you? Have you thought about this question?” Xu Tui asked again.

“I’ve thought about it and discussed it! There might be a traitor!” Dongyu Jiajiu answered directly.

“Very good. In that case, I won’t beat around the bush with you. As I don’t have the authority and seal to restrain you, if I help you break through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, I have to leave something in your mental body. Do you understand?” Xu Tui said.

“I understand!” Dongyu Jiajiu was unexpectedly calm. He was not surprised by this at all. “However, Special Envoy, I can say very clearly that under normal circumstances, no one can exert any spirit-type control technique in the commander’s mental body.”

This answer surprised Xu Tui. However, if he thought about it carefully, it was only right. “This is not something you care about. You only need to consider whether you are willing or not, because when the time comes, you need to completely let go of your mental body. As for whether I can do it or not, that’s up to me,” Xu Tui said.

Dong Yu Jiajiu fell into deep thought. Before he left, Xu Tui threw three more Silver Boxes of Spirit to Dongyu Jiajiu. After all, the command was carried out through them. He was very generous to these Heavenly Court guards who had taken the initiative to submit.

“Think about it. Contact me when you’ve thought it through.” Xu Tui left after he said that. It was not just Dongyu Jiajiu who received this treatment, Xiyu Yiba, Beiyu Bingqi, and Nanyu Dingliu received the same.

Xu Tui would definitely not allow only one great commander of the Nine Satellites to appear. It would be true if there were four balances that balanced each other.

It was already three hours later when he returned to the Western Heavenly Gate. The commander of the Heavenly Court in the Western Heavenly Gate had already finished refining the Silver Spirit Box.

Moreover, according to the time, the Muyas that An Xiaoxue had captured on Planet Spirit were about to be used up.

The next capture battle was about to begin.

“Lieutenant Wei, is the battle plan ready?” Xu Tui asked.

“Commander, the third capture battle is already prepared. However, the staff committee agrees that we should be more vigilant. This third battle might be extremely risky. There’s a blurry video from the second luring battle. You can take a look.”

Wei Bin sent Xu Tui a few blurry videos. There were many interferences on the battlefield. Coupled with the distance, they could not see clearly. However, the basic purple robe could be seen.

In the video, the four purple-robed Bishops of the Muyas immediately rose into the air the moment the second battle happened. They observed the Western Heavenly Gate from afar and pointed at it.

There was a high chance that they had already made arrangements. It would be extremely risky if the Blue Star carried out the third capture battle.

“What do the staff committee think?” Xu Tui asked.

“They want to ask the commander if the third capture battle is guaranteed. If not, the tactics will be very flexible. If it’s…”

“Yes! I have to!” Xu Tui gave an affirmative answer.

“Then we have to prepare for battle according to the regiment commander’s emergency plan during the first capture battle. I’ll be in command of the Heavenly Court guards. The other elites will need to be commanded by the regiment commander,” Wei Bin said.

“Alright, get ready. We’ll act in 15 minutes,” Xu Tui ordered.

“No problem, but there’s a problem that I have to tell the regiment commander,” Wei Bin said.

“Speak!”

“Commander, I’m afraid we won’t be able to carry out the third capture battle in a short period of time, ” Wei Bin said.

“Why?” Xu Tui frowned. He was still prepared to do eight to ten luring battles.

When the time came, he would get more than 1,000 Silver Spirit Boxes. The Blue Star experts above the Four Satellites would each get five to 10 Silver Spirit Boxes. At that time, everyone would have the strength to kill enemies above their level.

Currently, the Blue Star could not take the route of a large-scale explosion, so Xu Tui could only take the route of an elite soldier.

“The key to the problem is the extremely high concentration of skin contact anesthetic. The consumption of such a high concentration of ultra-wide space is too great. I estimate that after the third bait battle is completed, the ultra -high concentration of skin contact anesthetic will be used up. The remaining stockpile will not be able to support the next bait battle,” Wei Bin said.

Xu Tui instantly understood. “All the inventory has been gathered? Then let’s get the Blue Star to hurry up and produce it with all their might! Get me the most ultra-high concentration of skin contact anesthetic in the shortest time possible,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Wei Bin smiled bitterly. “Commander, you probably don’t know the technological content of this ultra-high -concentration skin contact anesthetic, do you? It could seep into the blood through the skin and affect the nerves in three seconds. There were only three production lines on the entire Blue Star.

“I had already issued an emergency production order, including speeding up the formation of a brand new production line. However, based on the current production, it might take two months to gather the medicine needed for the next baiting battle,” Wei Bin said.

Xu Tui’s expression darkened. In other words, this new tactic that had just been invented was about to lose its effect. “Then get ready. I’ll try to get more captives this time,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood.”

Xu Tui could not change the demand for time for the production of technological products. He could only accept it. All he could do was try his best to obtain as many Silver Boxes of Spirit as possible. If he could obtain one more, he would be able to increase the strength of the Blue Star humans.

As Wei Bin began to set up battle orders, the entire Western Heavenly Gate City closed and began to change defenses. Energy arrays of 3,000 people also began to be set up.

Xu Tui’s orders were much simpler. He immediately gave an order to the

Heavenly Court Star Guards led by the Blue Star elites, Bao Zhang, and Yang Mo. “Return to your best state within half an hour and prepare for a fierce battle. Mu Xingluan, Gong Ling, begin to augment the Extreme Branch with the Thousand Armor.”

Just as Xu Tui was preparing for battle, Bilos, who had been sending elite scouts to observe the battle, suddenly made a discovery. He went straight to the purple-robed Bishop, Monet.

“Lord Monet, the Western Heavenly Gate City has closed. The Heavenly Court

guards have begun to build an energy array on a large scale again. The Heavenly Court guards have begun to change and mobilize. I predict that the commander-in-chief on the other side will most likely implement similar tactics again,” Bilos said.

Monet rose into the air. His eyes erupted with dazzling holy light. He observed the Western Heavenly Gate city pass from afar for a full 30 seconds. Suddenly, Monet saw Xu Tui and suddenly sneered. “Bilos, since they took the initiative to let go of the city pass, we’ll fulfill their wish. I’ll give you 30 Nine Satellites. Bring your main forces and take advantage of the situation to break through. I want the Blue Star human on the city wall alive!” Monet said.

The two canine heads on both sides of Bilos instantly bared their terrifying fangs. He half-knelt and bowed. “Sir, I will definitely do as you wish! At that time, can this Blue Star Human be rewarded to me as food?”

“You caught it, so it will naturally belong to you in the end!”

In an instant, Bilos roared. Saliva flowed from the corners of his two canine heads. He instantly turned into flames and rushed forward..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1