Chapter 1944: Huge Battle Damage And Final Battle (3)

Chapter 1944: Huge Battle Damage and Final Battle (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Not only did the power of the seal enter the seal of the Lightning Division, but also their mind power. Lightning flashed around Ullr’s body, and his eyes were like two lightning balls. “Lightning Division, Heavenly Punishment!”

Almost instantly, Ullr felt his vision turn black. His full mind power was almost sucked dry. Fortunately, he was holding the Soul Crystal in his hand and had already consumed the Spiritual Race’s elixir that could recover his mind power. That was why he did not faint on the spot.

Boom!

The sound of thunder was instantly as dense as an explosion. More than 5,000

Lightning Snakes instantly erupted in the sky above the battlefield of the Western Heavenly Gate. Under the lock of Ullr’s mind power, they covered the main area of the Muyas.

Lightning rained down!

Under the heavy enhancement, every bolt of lightning was equivalent to the full-powered attack of a Three Satellites to Four Satellites Planetary realm.

Lightning was mainly used for killing and had extremely destructive power.

Moreover, it was extremely damaging to mind power. More than 1,000 Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm cultivators turned into ashes on the spot, including their mental bodies.

More than 1,000 Planetary realm experts were severely injured on the spot. Although the remaining targets of the Heavenly Punishment were not severely injured, their attacks were temporarily blocked.

Moreover, the lightning spread out. There was sizzling lightning everyvvhere. For a moment, the Muya battlefield became a little chaotic.

Behind him, Monet instantly stood up straight, his expression turning sinister. “Not only have the orthodox gods of the Heavenly Court’s Lightning Division returned, but they can also rule the Lightning Division. Fortunately, the Lightning Division doesn’t have many soldiers. Otherwise…”

In the next moment, Monet ordered, “Report the image just now to Her

Holiness Qiao An as quickly as possible.”

While Bilos, who was commanding the battle, was charred black, he was also dumbfounded. He did not expect the Heavenly Court to have such a move. It was too terrifying.

Xu Tui and Ullr sighed at the same time above the Western Heavenly Gate. There were too few people in the Lightning Division.

If the 24 members of the Lightning Division, 120 Star Deacons, and 3,600 Star Guards were all full, the Lightning Division alone would be able to help the Heavenly Court defend and make the Western Heavenly Gate impregnable.

With the use of the ultimate move of the Lightning Division, the 21 people of the Lightning Division, from Ullr to Wen Xinglun, all announced that they had lost their combat strength.

In the Heavenly Punishment of the Lightning Division just now, their mind power had been sucked dry.

However, Ullr and Wen Xinglun were exceptions. Before the battle, they had already consumed the Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill of the Spiritual Race that could recover their mind power. They also held Soul Crystals in their hands to recover their dried-up mind power.

They were expected to participate in the battle again in ten seconds, but they could not attack with all their might.

The Lightning Division’s Heavenly Punishment had contributed. However, the true contribution of the Heavenly Punishment was not killing the enemy, but interfering! It created an opportunity for the 100 three-phase thermal bombs to hit.

The Heavenly Punishment caused a large amount of chaos on the battlefield. It also gave the Muyas no time to bombard these three-phase thermal bombs from afar. By the time the Heavenly Punishment passed, these three-phase thermal bombs had already flown above them.

Of course, it was not too late for the experts of the Muya Clan to destroy it now. In an instant, they all attacked. They wanted to destroy and detonate these three-phase thermal explosions while they were still in the sky.

The Muyas were no strangers to the technological creations of the Blue Star.

However, the moment their attacks blasted out, most of the three-phase thermal bombs instantly split into five and blasted towards their targets.

Some of the three-phase thermal bombs also exploded on the spot because the lightning explosion just now caused the equipment to malfunction. In the next moment, mushroom clouds exploded one after another. In an instant, flames covered the sky.

Bilos instantly retreated. Before he could retreat, the terrifying shockwave had already sent him flying. Blood spurted out of his mouth.

The distance between three and four kilometers in front of the Western

Heavenly Gate was almost flattened by the three-phase thermal bomb. The

Western Heavenly Gate fortress itself was also bombarded by violent waves. The Muyas with low cultivation levels were directly turned into meat paste.

However, the guards of the Heavenly Court were basically unharmed because of the protection of the city pass.

Xu Tui could not help but admire the founder of the ancient Heavenly Court. Although they were three to four kilometers away, the Western Heavenly Gate was unscathed from the consecutive blasts of so many three-phase thermal bombs. The strength of this building was too powerful.

With the intervention of the Muyas’ supernatural power, the dust from the three-phase thermal bomb dissipated in the shortest time possible. In a zone that was about ten kilometers long and one kilometer wide, the Muyas there seemed to have been wiped out, leaving behind balls of charred color.

“Commander, the preliminary estimate is that more than 1,000 Planetary realm Muyas were killed, more than 5,000 quasi-planetary experts, and more than 200,000 other Muyas. However, it won’t cause much damage to the elites of the Muya Clan.” Wei Bin’s voice rang out.

Xu Tui knew this very well. He could see it very clearly with his Heavenly Eye. When the three-phase thermal bomb exploded, the Planetary realm experts above the Four Satellites and Five Satellites instantly retreated more than a thousand meters away and escaped the area where the energy storm was the most damaging.

It could be said that the people who stayed behind were all elites of the Muyas. The greatest characteristic of the Muyas’ battles was that they were unafraid of death under the enhancement of the officiants.

There was no such thing as being afraid of death and not advancing.

Almost as soon as the terrifying energy storm of the three-phase thermal bomb dissipated, Klens waved his hand. Ten Nine Satellites followed the Nine Satellites Planetary realm at the beginning and rushed towards the Western

Heavenly Gate City..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1