Chapter 1949: The Last Bullet Shot And Slaying The Purple Robe (1)

Chapter 1949: The Last Bullet Shot and Slaying the Purple Robe (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

There was a chain of disdain within the Muyas.

The purple-robed bishop, the red-robed bishop, the white-robed bishop, the chief priest, and then the other Muya nobles. As for the Muya warriors and Muya slaves below the Muya nobles, they were not included in the disdain chain.

Theoretically, the status and value of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Muya nobles were higher than that of the white-robed bishop and the officiants.

However, in reality, even the status and value of the Muya nobles of the Nine

Satellites Planetary realm were lower than that of the bishop or even the

officiants.

Under normal circumstances, if only one among the white-robed bishop and a Nine Satellites Muya noble could live, 99% of the Muyas would choose to let the white-robed bishop live while the Nine Satellites Muya noble would die.

This was determined by the survival ecology of the Muyas. The clergy of the Muyas naturally looked more like humans. However, most of the Muya nobles looked strange.

Xu Tui had yet to figure out the specific reason. However, he knew the point of letting the Nine Satellites Muya noble die rather than the white-robed bishop.

At this moment, the overwhelming smoke had filled the battlefield outside the Western Heavenly Gate. The huge wind machine set up outside the Western

Heavenly Gate had also been activated.

Of course, this thick white smoke did not have much lethality.

This thick white smoke mainly gave the Muyas immense psychological pressure, especially the Muya warriors and even the Muya nobles. They all spread their mind power or perception in the direction of the white-robed bishop.

The thousands of sword lights made them very worried and afraid.

It was their honor to lose a Muya noble. However, the death of a white-robed bishop was a huge loss to their Lord. They had let their Lord down because the white-robed bishop was the servant of their supreme Lord.

This sudden scene caused the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts who had received Monet’s order to reinforce the Western Heavenly Gate to panic. There was no need for anyone to order them. They blocked the sword lights one by one to protect the white-robed bishops.

That was because at this moment, the screams of the white-robed bishop rang out. Even the two Nine Satellites Planetary realms in front of Klens joined in the chaotic operation to protect the white-robed bishop.

Strangely, the sword lights did not stop for a moment. Thousands of sword lights poured out layer by layer like water.

These sword lights were not too powerful. In any case, they could not threaten these Nine Satellites Planetary realm. In fact, these Nine Satellites could sense that they were still a little weak. They could not threaten the white-robed bishops whose cultivation levels were generally between the Six Satellites and the Eight Satellites.

But what was worse was that every moment, the screams of the white-robed bishop rang out. Every moment, sword light pierced through the vital points of the white-robed bishop. It was either his head or his heart. It was extremely sharp.

It was bizarre, but they could not find an answer. This was especially so since the sky was filled with smoke. Although the smoke did not affect the Nine

Satellites Planetary realms, the situation at this moment was just too strange.

For a moment, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts who were about to quickly attack the Western Heavenly Gate stopped. The concept of the safety of a bishop was also deeply ingrained in the mind of the purple-robed bishop, Monet.

That was because he had enjoyed such treatment since he was young. He had to be a defender of benefits. However, Monet was still a little clear-headed.

“Half of you protect the bishop. The other half, reinforce the Western Heavenly Gate City Pass immediately.” Monet immediately gave an order.

However, a second after giving the order, Monet realized that none of the Nine Satellites had moved. No one had gone to reinforce the Western Heavenly Gate.

It was not that these Muya nobles of the Nine Satellites disobeyed orders, but these Nine Satellites felt that they should be the ones left behind to protect the bishop.

The reason was that Monet’s orders were not clear. In a flash, Klens spread out his mind power and pointed out half of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, which were twenty, in the shortest time possible. He asked them to quickly attack the Western Heavenly Gate and break through.

Suddenly, the glaring flames cut through the battlefield outside the Western

Heavenly Gate fortress that was enveloped by thick fog.

It was the Blue Star humans’ firearms launchers inside the Western Heavenly Gate. They launched another torrential attack. Amidst the rumbling light, thousands of cannonballs covered the location of the bishop array in an extremely short period of time.

At this moment, many of the Muyas were terrified. They were not the only ones. Even Klens was terrified. He had experienced the power of the Blue Star’s three-phase thermal explosive. One or two of these things exploding was not much of a threat to him.

But when 10 of them exploded one after another, with each of them producing three shockwaves, where every shockwave was equivalent to the full-powered attack of Four Satellites to Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, mean that enduring this continuously was equivalent to hundreds of Planetary realm experts focusing their fire on him. Even if he was the purple-robed bishop of the Nine Satellites, he would not be able to take it.

“Long-range interception!” Klens roared these words with his Spiritual Roar.

The Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators and the nearby Eight Satellites Planetary realm cultivators who had not charged towards the Western Heavenly Gate City Gate released their mind power and perception and bombarded the thousands of cannonballs.

Hundreds of cannonballs exploded 100 meters away from the Western

Heavenly Gate..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1