Chapter 1946: Xu Tui’S Contingency Plan (1)

Chapter 1946: Xu Tui’s Contingency Plan (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui stood against the wind as the Western Heavenly Gate closed. His expression instantly became extremely solemn.

Nine Satellites!

The 25 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts rushed over.

War was completely different. The top combat strength could directly determine the outcome of a battle. As long as two to three of these 25 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were left unattended, they would immediately cause a large number of casualties and destroy the entire battle.

Xu Tui was not worried about anyone below the Nine Satellites. The design of the Heavenly Gate City Pass in the small universe of the Heavenly Court was extremely reasonable. There would always be fewer attackers than the city guards. The number of defenders was still advantageous.

Therefore, the key to this battle was to see if they could withstand these 25 Muyas of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. If not, the Western Heavenly Gate city pass would probably be breached.

The Blue Star would definitely suffer heavy losses!

Xu Tui had made ample preparations. However, he did not expect the Muyas to turn this battle into a final battle in advance. There were nearly 60 people from the Nine Satellites who had entered the battlefield, including Klens and the other bishops.

On Xu Tui’s side, there were only five to six units that could resist the Nine Satellites.

Therefore…

“Seal! ”

Xu Tui’s voice was instantly sent in all directions by his mind power. In an instant, more than 100 ancient Heavenly Court seals flew out of the body of the people who had refined the seals. The moment they flew out, a divine light gathered at Xu Tui’s South Pole Longevity Emperor Seal.

Whether it was completely refined or not, more or less divine light rushed into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. The light of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was as bright as the sun at this moment.

Even the purple-robed Bishop, Monet, narrowed his eyes.

“Suppress!” Xu Tui shouted and shot out the Five Mountains Suppressing Star.

The moment the Five Mountains Suppressing Star blasted out this time, the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal sent divine light straight to the side of the Five Mountains Suppressing Star.

The Five Mountains Suppressing Star instantly expanded by a large circle, and the speed at which it blasted down also more than doubled.

Actually, the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole was not strengthening the Five Mountains Suppressing Star. Instead, it was using the divine light to strengthen the two Five Mountains Divine Seals in the Five

Mountains Suppressing Star, the Mount Heng Divine Seal and the Huashan Divine Seal.

The attack of the Five Mountains Suppressing Star happened to envelop the two Nine Satellites Muya within the attack range.

The two Muyas at the front were very confident. They did not dare to take it head-on if it was just one person. If it was the two of them, they would definitely be able to take the mountain head-on and shatter it.

Crack! The sound of bones and flesh turning to mud instantly rang out. The moment the two Nine Satellites Muya touched this Five Mountains Suppression Star, they were like eggs that had touched a rock. Blood splattered everywhere! Their bodies shattered.

What a joke. Xu Tui’s Five Mountains Suppression Star had the combat strength to instantly kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator. At this moment, he had directly used the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole to absorb the power of hundreds of Heavenly Seals. Its power would not increase exponentially, but it would not be a problem to increase by 30 to 50%.

Moreover, he felt that activating the seal of the ancient Heavenly Court’s divine duty in the small universe of the Heavenly Court seemed to have an additional enhancement.

He felt that he was invincible in front of his current enemies in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. He held the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and had the enhancement of more than 100 seals.

Xu Tui’s only pity was that the other high -level seal that he had completely refined was the seal of the Star Lord Huo De. It was not the Star Lord who was in charge of the expedition in the Heavenly Court. If he had the seal of the orthodox gods of the Fire Division, he would have been able to severely injure another wave of Muya people.

The bodies of the two Nine Satellites were directly destroyed, followed by their mental bodies. The divine light impact of the two great divine seals also impacted their unprepared mental bodies. All of them roared.

Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui would have to kill their mental bodies to completely kill these two Nine Satellites. However, he did not have the time at this moment.

Almost instantly, Xu Tui activated his mind power again. The Five Mountains

Suppressing Star instantly turned and blasted toward the nearest Muya Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivator. This person wanted to dodge, but in an instant, his body suddenly froze.

The force field of mind power!

In an instant, another Nine Satellites was shattered.

At this moment, these enemies had already arrived in front of the Western Heavenly Gate. Erera, Cai Shaochu, Shui Zhi, Ullr, Ruan Tianzuo, Lavis, Jin Ji, and Shang Long, who had barely recovered a little of their strength, had each locked onto a Nine Satellites.

The others could only barely deal with it. Shui Zhi was on par with his opponent. Shui Zhi had once again possessed a clone body, and his strength had also decreased. Only Shang Long suppressed his enemies.

The eight of them had taken away eight Planetary realm experts. Including the three that Xu Tui had killed previously, there were only 11 Planetary realm experts.

There were still 14 people at the Planetary realm that no one cared about. If these 14 Planetary realm experts rushed into the Western Heavenly Gate City, they would instantly be defeated.

“Look at the spear!” At the edge of the city pass on the left, Zhao Hailong instantly pounced forward. His silver spear was like a dragon as it faced a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Seeing a Six Satellites approaching, the Nine Satellites let out a sinister laugh.

It was just food delivered to his door! He would only be instantly killed by him!

But the silver spear suddenly blasted into his chest for no reason. Zhao Hailong took the opportunity to stir, wanting to crush the heart of the Muya man. However, the power of the Nine Satellites directly blasted Zhao Hailong’s spear out..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1