Chapter 1955: Harvest After The Battle And Fuel War With Warfare (1)

Chapter 1955: Harvest After the Battle and Fuel War with Warfare (1)

Below the Western Heavenly Gate, most of the elites of the Muya were extremely nervous as they treated the injured five kilometers away from the Western Heavenly Gate. They had to transport the injured to the absolute safe zone in the shortest time possible.

There were also a small number of Planetary realm powerhouses who were good at speed. They were breaking into a dangerous area four or even three kilometers away from the Western Heavenly Gate.

However, they relied on their speed to enter and exit. They did not dare to stop at all. The temporary safety, absolute safety, and dangerous areas that the Muyas had divided were actually related to the attack distance of the Western Heavenly Gate.

At this moment, the energy array of the guards of the Western Heavenly Gate was still rapidly accumulating energy. Therefore, five kilometers away was a safe area. Once the energy array of the Heavenly Court guards was fully accumulated, the effective range of the energy array could reach ten kilometers.

So ten kilometers was an absolute safe zone. They quickly transported the injured to the absolute safe area ten kilometers away for treatment. As for the dangerous area that was divided at this moment, it was determined by the regular attack distance on the city wall, including the regular attack distance of the Blue Star humans.

It was more dangerous between three to five kilometers as the top experts of the Blue Star could reach it.

However, there were still people who relied on their speed to save people. As for the three kilometers, no one dared to barge in. Even the Nine Satellites Planetary realm did not dare to save people.

Moreover, once the energy array of the Heavenly Court guards was fully accumulated, the area within ten kilometers would also become a dangerous area.

At that time, they could only rely on the miscellaneous soldiers to save them. The elites of the Planetary realm would not dare to come out and save them.

Under such circumstances, they saved people very quickly.

But they suddenly realized that a large door had suddenly opened up in the defensive light screen that was closed by the Western Heavenly Gate City. A large number of elites of the Blue Star and the Heavenly Court Star Guards quickly pounced out.

Many of the Muyas thought that they were going to attack, so they carefully retreated. However, they quickly realized that these Blue Star elites were not here to attack. Instead, they were here to save people like them.

No, they should be looking for captives! Even if there were injured people among the guards of the Blue Star and the Heavenly Court, they were above the Heavenly Gate City Pass. There were none outside the city pass.

Then, they were shocked to discover that the target of the Blue Star humans was the still alive captives below the city pass, including their corpses. Those who were alive, be it quasi- planetary, Transmutation Realm, or Planetary realm, would be brought in. As for the corpses, they would only be brought in at the Planetary realm.

This shocked and angered the Muyas. What were the humans of the Blue Star trying to do? Not only did they want to capture captives, but they also wanted to take the corpses of their comrades. What did they want?

Immediately, two fast Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts attacked at lightning speed. They wanted to teach the Blue Star humans a lesson. With their speed, they could kill their way back.

Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, Ullr, and the others, who had been on standby near the city pass, smiled at the same time.

This was the moment that Commander Xu Tui had asked them to wait for.

Almost instantly, Xu Tui's mind power force field suddenly spread out, causing the phantom- like figure of one of the Nine Satellites to freeze. It was as if he had fallen into a swamp. In the next moment, half of his head suddenly disappeared.

An Xiaoxue's Dimensional Slash.

The moment his mental body escaped, Xu Tui's Spirit Sealing Array instantly attacked and trapped his mental body. Yan Lie flashed and grabbed the Nine Satellites' mental body and corpse.

He had another battle merit and completely kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. As for the other person, he was first stunned by Cai Shaochu's Stabilization Formula. Then, Shang Long's flying sword shattered his head.

Ullr and Wen Xinglun's lightning began to pour out and bombard as much as they wanted. Far away, a few Nine Satellites Planetary realms wanted to save them, but Xu Tui's huge Five Mountains Suppression Star blasted out from afar and stopped them.

He only bought a second to completely kill the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Behind them, Monet saw this scene. His eyes were filled with killing intent. "Klens, press forward and try!"

In the next moment, Klens waved his hand and brought 40 Nine Satellites and a few thousand Planetary realm elites to the Western Heavenly Gate at the same time.

At this moment, Xu Tui was not stubborn. The Star Guards and the Blue Star humans, who were collecting the captives and Planetary realm corpses, quickly retreated to the Western Heavenly Gate.

Xu Tui, Shang Long, and the other combatants of the Nine Satellites were waiting below the city pass. For a moment, the two sides were in a stalemate.

It was mainly because the Muyas' strength had been damaged in the previous battle, and their morale had been greatly reduced. This was especially so for the 44 Nine Satellites who had lost their bodies. They urgently needed to recover their combat strength.

This made the Muyas no longer have the courage to charge. They only dared to confront the Blue Star humans from afar. However, after a minute and 30 seconds of confrontation, Klens's expression changed drastically. He immediately gave the order to retreat.

Before they could retreat to a safe distance, the door of the Western Heavenly Gate City

closed, and the concentrated fire of the energy array blasted out.

Several Planetary realm experts were injured because of this. It was because the energy array of the guards at the Western Heavenly Gate had been accumulated.

Ten kilometers became a dangerous distance for the Muyas.

Next, the Blue Star humans began to openly leave the Western Heavenly Gate to search for living captives and Planetary realm corpses.

In just half an hour, they had found more than 600 Planetary realm corpses. There were also more than 5,000 Muyas who were still alive. However, most of them were quasi-planetary and Transmutation Realms.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1