Chapter 1958: Galaxy Parliament And The Absent Fourth Place (1)

Chapter 1958: Galaxy Parliament and the Absent Fourth Place (1)

In the Muya Holy Temple of the Star Field, Pope Qiao An, who was holding her scepter with one hand, calmly read the emergency battle report sent by Monet, including some of the battlefield images.

Finally, there was a summary of the losses of the Muya expeditionary army in this battle.

The Eight Satellites Planetary realm and Nine Satellites had completely fallen. The other 44 Nine Satellites Planetary realms would not be able to recover their effective combat strength in a short period of time. Their strength would forever decrease by 10 to 20%. This was under the premise that some of the Six Satellites and Seven Satellites Planetary realms would contribute their bodies.

In the short term, the strength of the Muya Heavenly Court's expeditionary army had decreased greatly. At the same time, the "key" that directly entered the Heavenly Court's small universe was lost.

This was a very bad battle report. However, even after she finished reading, Pope Qiao An's expression was extremely calm. It was so calm that it was as if the Muyas were not the ones who had suffered huge losses.

However, just because her expression was calm did not mean that Pope Qiao An did not move. She gave a series of orders. After Pope Qiao An learned about the situation between the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan, she suddenly took out a pure white ball of light. She slowly held it and instantly sank her mind power into it.

A minute later, an invisible hall suddenly appeared out of thin air in the sky above the vast Milky Way. As the milky white light scattered from a certain location, this invisible hall was quickly taking shape.

The phantom of Pope Qiao An appeared on a jade seat in the hall that was gradually glowing. There were also three jade seats that were empty. There were a total of four jade seats in this hall.

Pope Qiao An was not in a hurry. She only pointed at the three jade seats with a milky white holy light. Then, she held the scepter and waited quietly. Three minutes later, the 16 pairs of phantom wings first filled the entire hall. They quickly retracted under Qiao An's displeased snort.

The chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi, appeared in the hall. The 16 pairs of phantom wings behind him retracted slightly and bowed to Qiao An.

"Your Highness Qiao An, did something major happen when you took the initiative to convene the Galaxy Parliament?" Lu Qi asked.

"Wait for them," Qiao An whispered back and said no more.

Two minutes later, the entire hall suddenly flashed. An old man in a black robe and a jade crown on his head appeared out of thin air. It was the First Elder of the Spiritual Race, Xu Yi. After Xu Yi silently bowed to Qiao An and Lu Qi, he sat down on his jade seat. One of the four jade seats was still empty.

No one said anything else. They just waited quietly. Fifteen minutes passed in the blink of an eye. It was the moment Qiao An issued the summons for the Galaxy Parliament. In 15 minutes, the entire hall became illusory again.

However, if someone was outside the hall, they would not be able to see anything. After fifteen minutes, the hall that had just appeared in the Milky Way disappeared again. However, the person inside was still there.

"Sigh, he still didn't come this time." The first to speak was Lu Qi.

The Spiritual Race's First Elder, Xu Yi, looked at the fourth empty seat. In reality, he was a little confused. He had been the Spiritual Race's Great Elder for less than 300 years. He had no idea who the fourth seat belonged to. At this moment, he was even more curious. "Your Highness Qiao An, Mr. Lu Qi, may I ask who the fourth seat belongs to and which faction it belongs to?" Xu Yi asked.

Qiao An did not answer. Lu Qi was about to say something when he saw Qiao An's expression. He seemed to have thought of something. "Since he's not coming, you shouldn't know. You'll naturally know the next time he comes."

Xu Yi was stunned. Then, he looked at Qiao An helplessly. Their Spiritual Race was not like the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan. They had always been quite diligent in changing the position of the Great Elder.

Especially since he had lost many battles recently. He did not know if he could last until the next Galaxy Parliament. Therefore, he desperately wanted to know who the fourth person was. This was related to the pressure he was under now, as well as some of the thoughts deep in his heart.

"If you're lucky enough to see him, you'll naturally see him. Since he didn't come, let's carry out this Galaxy Parliament." Pope Qiao An took the initiative to say, "I was the one who initiated the Galaxy Parliament this time. The main problem is the problem of attacking the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

"I only have one meaning for you. If the two of you continue to dawdle and conserve your strength in order to preserve your strength, it will cause the strength of our Muyas to be greatly reduced. Then, it's very likely that we will change our partners."

"What do you mean?" Lu Qi and Xu Yi asked at the same time.

"This is the latest battle report of our race. You can take a look." Qiao An did not avoid sending the latest battle report of the Muyas' crushing defeat sent by Monet to the two of them. While Lu Qi and Xu Yi were reading the battle report, Qiao An said softly, "If your two families continue to preserve their strength under the current situation, according to my prediction, even if we attack the solar system in the future, our Muya Clan will have very limited gains because our strength has been severely damaged.

"This is something that I and our supreme Lord would definitely not want to see. All of you should know the style of my supreme lord and understand our pressure. Therefore, if this situation does not improve in a short period of time, I plan to change partners." Qiao An's voice was very soft and calm, but there was an indescribable grit.

"Change partners?" Xu Yi frowned and looked at the fourth empty jade seat. Was Qiao An referring to the fourth person who had yet to arrive?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1