Chapter 1952: Battle Results And The Wisty Tactics Of The Two Teachers (1)

Chapter 1952: Battle Results and the Wisty Tactics of the Two Teachers (1)

He was fast!

It was too fast!

One second had passed since Xu Tui detonated the 30 watermelons that he had disguised as the white-robed bishop and got Monet to lead the last 10 Nine Satellites to the back. Then, the purple-robed bishop, Milolis, was killed.

It could even be said that less than a second had passed.

Xu Tui's appearance attracted his attention. Shang Long's sword light attacked, and Xu Tui's mind power force field cooperated. When Ullr and Wen Xinglun's lightning tried to kill the mental body of the purple-robed Bishop, Milolis, then Yan Lie flashed and took away Milolis's body.

These steps seemed to have been completed in one go under Xu Tui's plan and command. There was almost no time difference between every step. As a result, no one stopped the pounce team during their retreat.

Only the Nine Satellites guards of Bishop Milolis were roaring as they chased after them. However, who could they chase after?

Yan Lie's concealment disappeared in a flash. Xu Tui also teleported far away. The only people they could track were Ullr and Wen Xinglun. However, Ullr and Wen Xinglun were lightning- type supernatural beings at the peak of the Eight Satellites and the Six Satellites. They could not catch up even if they wanted to.

As for the other red-robed cardinals not far away from Milolis, they did not react at all. They did not even realize that the purple-robed Bishop, Milolis, had been killed. They only exclaimed when they saw the remaining mental body of Milolis howling under the holy light.

In an instant, exclamations filled the air.

"Lord Milolis was assassinated!"

"Lord Milolis is seriously injured!"

"Lord Milolis has died!"

The sound wave spread out. Bishop Monet, who had just arrived at the back to check on the casualties, was also shocked and furious. He suddenly turned into a milky white holy light and returned to his position. He only heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the remaining mental body of the purple-robed Bishop, Milolis. However, his expression became extremely ugly.

A premeditated pounce! This was definitely a premeditated pounce! One of the main goals of the dozens of three-phase thermal bombs just now was to move him and the 10 Nine Satellites Planetary realm guards to the back and lure the tiger away from the mountain. Then, they would take the opportunity to kill Milolis.

However, why was the target Milolis and not Klens in front of him?

Suddenly, Monet's expression changed. "Where's your body? Milolis, where's your body?"

In an instant, everyone began to search for Milolis's body on the chaotic battlefield. The remaining mental body of Milolis also became nervous. The most important thing was on Milolis. He had been suppressing it with his holy power.

But now... It was gone!

Milolis' body was gone! Monet was instantly furious. He had fallen into another trap! He had been schemed against by the enemy again! He even lost the most important treasure that they had used to break through the small universe of the Heavenly Court. It was simply...

Monet was extremely furious. That was the greatest loss. However, the greatest loss on the surface was the death or injury of the purple-robed bishop, causing the morale of the Muyas to plummet.

Most of the Muyas could not see the supreme lord. So these purple-robed bishops were no different from real gods in the hearts of the Muya warriors and Muya slaves. Now, almost one of them has died.

Their morale plummeted!

Comparatively, although the 30 three-phase thermal bombs that exploded in the crowd caused huge casualties, they were not important to Monet. Monet took three deep breaths in a row before he suppressed his anger.

"Retreat for the time being, treat the injured, and organize the battlefield!" Monet ordered. In an instant, the Muyas who were still attacking the Western Heavenly Gate retreated like a tide, leaving behind countless corpses. The entire battlefield was tragic and chaotic.

At the front of the battlefield, there was still a surging and burning screen of fire. After the screen of fire fell, it detonated the corpses of the Muyas on the ground. At this moment, green flames surged into the sky.

Behind them, according to the flames of the first three phase thermal bombs, 30 scorched earth circles that had been cleared from 500 to a kilometer indicated the heavy casualties of the Muyas.

The power of a single three-phase thermal bomb killed most of the Muyas below the Two Satellites Planetary realm.

Planetary realm experts above the Two Satellites would more or less be able to survive as long as they were not unlucky enough to stay at the center of the nuclear explosion of the three- phase thermal bomb.

On the battlefield, the Muya Archbishop, the bishop, and the red-robed cardinals began to throw out countless beams of holy light to treat their injuries.

Of the remaining 50-odd Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts, 10 stayed behind to guard a few purple-robed bishops. There were also 10 on guard. The rest were all seizing the time to save people.

No one dared to save the injured five kilometers away from the Western Heavenly Gate. This was because the Western Heavenly Gate had closed and once again built an energy array. It was filled with killing intent.

Xu Tui, who had just returned to the Western Heavenly Gate, confirmed with the help of the Heavenly Eye that the purple-robed Bishop of the Muyas, Milolis, had not completely died. He felt a little helpless.

"Commander, has Milolis been killed by us?" Wen Xinglun, who had just returned, asked with

concern.

Xu Tui slowly shook his head.

Wen Xinglun was stunned. "Ullr and I consumed too much of our mind power. We didn't use our strongest attacks just now. Moreover, the time we attacked was too short..." Wen Xinglun blamed himself.

"It's normal! In the situation just now, it was already good enough that we were able to successfully launch a surprise attack on Milolis. It will still take time to completely destroy his mental body."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1