Chapter 1953: Battle Results And The Wisty Tactics Of The Two Teachers (2)

Chapter 1953: Battle Results and the Wisty Tactics of the Two Teachers (2)

Xu Tui could see that there were about 50% of Milolis's mental body left. In other words, Ullr and Wen Xinglun would not be able to kill Milolis' mental body with one strike. They had to hit at least two times, perhaps three times to be safe.

But in that case, Wen Xinglun and Ullr would die there. Despite the Muyas were very depressed in this battle, and they even lost, while the Blue Star had victory after victory, as long as Wen Xinglun and Ullr were surrounded, there was definitely no chance of survival.

Xu Tui looked at Milolis's corpse and took the seal that Milolis was hanging at his waist. With a command, the holy power that enveloped it dissipated, revealing the true body of the Mount Tai Divine Seal.

His massive mind power surged into it. The divine seals of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, the Hengshan and the Huashan also expanded in divine light. The refinement progress of the Mount Tai divine seal increased rapidly.

Xu Tui's final pounce plan was actually for the Mount Tai Divine Seal. However, his main goal was not to snatch it for his own use. Instead, he wanted to snatch the seal and eliminate the possibility that the Muyas could directly barge into the Western Heavenly Gate.

He wondered if the Muyas still had such seals. Xu Tui was certain that even if the Muyas had the seal of the ancient Heavenly Court, they would not have many of them. It was not easy to guess how many there were.

However, if they took one back, the possibility of them directly charging into the Western Heavenly Gate would be weaker.

There were many regrets in this battle. For example, he had not completely killed the Nine Satellites.

In this battle, there were a total of 52 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts who had their bodies killed by the Blue Star. Unfortunately, out of the 52 Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators who had been killed, only eight of them had really died, where their souls had dissipated.

The other 44 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts all had mental bodies preserved while their bodies were destroyed.

It was mainly because the 20-odd lightning-type supernatural beings had lost all of their mind power when they first used the Heavenly Punishment. Otherwise, the lightning-type supernatural power would have had the best effect on their mental bodies.

According to the methods of the Muyas, there was a high chance that these 44 Nine Satellites who had lost their bodies could find a suitable body to possess and be reborn.

However, among the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts, many of them were cultivators of the Extreme Melee Branch. Once they lost their physical bodies, they would lose most of their combat strength.

As for those supernatural beings in the Planetary realm, even if they were reborn, they would not be able to form combat strength in a short period of time. It would take at least five to six days for them to form basic combat strength.

Even if they could only participate in the battle again after five to six days, their combat strength would definitely decrease by about 20%.

It still had a huge impact on the strength of the Muyas.

"Commander, the preliminary estimate of the results is that you destroyed about 200,000 to 300,000 Muyas with the three-phase thermal explosive just now. The loss of the Planetary realm should be about 1,200." Wei Bin's voice sounded.

"Have you calculated the preliminary results?" Xu Tui asked.

"The battlefield is too chaotic. Currently, it's still being calculated. However, the preliminary results are estimated to have killed more than a million Muyas below the Planetary realm this time, including the Muyas who were killed by various ammunition, and the Muyas who were sent to attack the city to die," Wei Bin said.

"Continue."

"The number of people killed below the Five Satellites Planetary realm should be between 1,500 to 2,000. Currently, there are 54 people that are above the Five Satellites that were killed," Wei Bin said.

"What about our casualties?"

"Commander, we lost a commander of the Heavenly Court in battle and 2,127 guards in battle. Other than that, three of the Heavenly Court's Star Guards led by Bao Zhang had died in battle, and four of our Blue Star Army had died in battle! In the chaotic battle, 17 intergalactic warriors who participated in the battle in the barbican died," Wei Bin said.

Three Planetary realm experts and 17 interstellar warriors from the Blue Star died in battle. Xu Tui took a deep breath. Behind this were 20 families on the Blue Star. However, this was war!

Damn the war!

"Preserve their bodies well. Bury them and compensate them," Xu Tui said.

"Don't worry, Commander. The current compensation standard is five times that of the past!" Wei Bin said.

"Every year, we have to investigate if the long-term compensation is distributed in time. Do you understand? I don't want to see any discounts on this matter," Xu Tui said.

"Understood!"

"How long will it take to complete the energy array of the Heavenly Court guards?" Xu Tui asked.

"Commander, the construction has been completed again. It's accumulating energy. It's estimated that the fastest one will be completed in two minutes and forty seconds," Wei Bin

said.

"Be prepared for battle at any time." After Xu Tui finished speaking, he turned around and looked at the Blue Star troops that were closing the city gate.

The Blue Star troops had happy expressions. They had won! This was definitely a huge victory. However, more people surrounded the two people who had just returned from a surprise attack. Beside the two of them, they had just taken off the disguise of the Muyas.

Ji Guoliang and He Yunfeng.

They were Ji Qianli and He Wanjian, Xu Tui's two missing teachers. These two teachers had disappeared after they stood out to protect Xu Tui and destroyed the India Sector's commercial satellite to avenge him. They went to look for their missing teacher, Shang Long,

again.

Unexpectedly, Shang Long had returned on his own, but there was no news of these two. Over the past year, An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui had also been searching for their traces, but they had not been able to find them.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1