Chapter 1950: The Last Bullet Shot And Slaying The Purple Robe (2)

Chapter 1950: The Last Bullet Shot and Slaying the Purple Robe (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

Most of them were blasted apart 1,000 to 2,000 meters away from the Western

Heavenly Gate. Very few of them escaped. Only four to five of them exploded. The expected scene of him being blown up did not happen.

Under normal circumstances, the three-phase thermal bombs would still explode when they exploded. However, after the thousands of cannonballs were shattered, they turned into a fire screen and landed on the ground.

Fire bullet! This kind of ammunition that was banned within the Blue Star had landed on the Muyas from the sky. In an instant, the Muya warriors and Muya slaves on the battlefield roared as they were burned.

As long as a person’s body was touched by a little fire, unless their flesh was cut off, they would not be destroyed. They would not be destroyed even if they rolled on the ground. It was extremely terrifying.

There were hundreds of thousands of Muyas who were injured by the Fire Bullet. In an instant, the battlefield was in chaos.

Klens frowned. Suddenly, holy light exploded around him. “The Lord’s care is everywhere.”

Specks of holy light sprinkled on the ground. Where the holy light landed, the flames on the bodies of the Muya warriors were extinguished. The other red-robed cardinals, white-robed bishops, and officiants took action to treat them.

However, the bullets from the Blue Star flew up again. This time, none of the Nine Satellites of the Muyas dared to attack. If it continued to explode recklessly, it would cause huge casualties. Klens’ mind power instantly spread out. He gave the order through his mind power.

“It’s the Fire Bullets. Move the bullet and send it to a corner!” After Klens gave the order with his mind power, more than 40 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts and more than 1,000 Eight Satellites and Seven Satellites soared into the sky and held a cannonball at an extremely fast speed. Then, they used their speed to accelerate the cannonballs.

It was equivalent to carrying these cannonballs and sending them far away. It was a little like Superman in the Blue Star movies. However, his performance was even fiercer than Superman. More than a thousand cannonballs did not hurt the Muyas. They were all sent to an empty corner of the battlefield and exploded. Flames soared into the sky.

The barrage attack this time failed! However, did it fail? For the Muyas, the Blue Star’s barrage attack had indeed failed.

But for Xu Tui, it succeeded. What was needed for a barrage of attacks was not killing, but buying time.

Among them, what made the Muyas even more uncomfortable was the sword light. Thousands of sword lights continuously blasted out in an extremely wretched manner. They were about to go crazy from anger.

Most of the sword lights did not have the lethality to kill the white-robed bishop. Yet every time, one or two white-robed bishops would be killed. Only one or two sword lights were very ferocious. The problem was that they couldn’t find that one or two lethal sword lights from the thousands of sword lights in just a flash.

It was too sinister! It was too shameless! Many people looked at the white-robed bishops who had been killed, especially the white robe that was drenched in blood. They were furious, but there was nothing they could do.

They wanted to find out where this guy was lying in ambush. This guy must be lying in ambush somewhere. However, the auras of countless people on the battlefield were in a mess, and such violent energy fluctuations were mixed together. Even Monet could not find them in a short period of time.

What was worse was that the Blue Star did not give them time to search. Less than three seconds after the wave of cannonballs was harmlessly dealt with, another wave of bullets blasted over.

Many people wanted to do it again according to the previous method. However, after carefully sensing it, Klens suddenly roared, “The types of cannonballs are different. You, you, you…”

The speed at which his mind power did not have any information was fast enough, but the time left for Klens was too short.

Klens only marked out the 300 three-phase thermal bombs in the shortest time possible. It was too late for the rest. However, what made him feel a little relieved was that fewer three-phase thermal bombs were missed in the remaining shells. Their lethality was limited.

Moreover, most of them were smoke bombs and fire bullets. These things were basically harmless to the white-robed bishop and the elites of the Muyas. In just a few dozen seconds, the Muyas had completely reacted. Monet also urgently gave wartime command.

A group of supernatural beings at the Planetary realm who were good at wind-type power began to activate their wind-type supernatural abilities to clear the area and clear the battlefield.

At the same time, the Western Heavenly Gate City closed. In these 30 seconds, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue not only killed the other three Nine Satellites, he even killed the Nine Satellites opponents of Yan Lie, Ruan Tianzuo, Jin Ji, Ullr, and the others who had fallen into a bitter battle.

Currently, Xu Tui was in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. With the enhancement of more than a hundred Heavenly Court seals, it was very easy for him to kill the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts.

Even though Xu Tui was already seriously injured, An Xiaoxue had already cooperated with Shang Long to kill the enemy. In just 30 seconds, the situation at the Western Heavenly Gate City was about to be completely rewritten. The remaining dozen or so Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were quickly killed.

Wei Bin’s voice suddenly rang out in Xu Tui’s ears. “Commander, the cooldown time of the defense light screen of the Western Heavenly Gate has ended. Do you want to raise it again?”

“Raise it after the fifth wave of bullets!”

“Roger that. The fifth wave of bullets will be fired in three seconds,” Wei Bin replied.

The moment he received Wei Bin’s reply, Xu Tui released his mental perception again. He instantly used his mind power to send two messages. “The last wave of ammunition will detonate in ten seconds.. Return to the city in three seconds!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1