Chapter 1959: Galaxy Parliament And The Absent Fourth Place (2)

Chapter 1959: Galaxy Parliament and the Absent Fourth Place (2)

Qiao An was smart and immediately understood Xu Yi's thoughts.

"Great Elder Xu, you're wrong. What I mean by changing partners is to replace you and cooperate with the Blue Star elites in the war video you just saw," Qiao An said.

Xu Yi's gaze turned cold. "Is Her Highness Qiao An going to become enemies with our two races?"

"Is there a difference?" Qiao An slowly shook her head. "Whether we become enemies or not, it will ultimately consume the strength of our Muyas. On the contrary, if we cooperate with the Blue Star humans, we will be able to obtain some of what our Lord needs in the shortest time possible. My mission would be considered completed. Therefore, it's completely possible to change partners."

Qiao An was very powerful. She made Xu Yi frown with just a few words.

At the side, Lu Qi first laughed out loud. "Your Highness Qiao An, don't be angry! Don't say such angry words. The plan set by the supreme communication of the three races was not something that could be overturned just like that. As for the losses of the Muyas this time, it was really unexpected. Next, our two races will naturally speed up the attack. We will definitely not conserve our strength," Lu Qi said.

"If the small universe of the Heavenly Court is broken, our race will have priority in entering the solar system!" Qiao An said.

"That's impossible!"

This time, Lu Qi refused extremely firmly, and Qiao An's counterattack was also extremely determined. "If that doesn't work, I'll change partners."

Lu Qi frowned. "Your Highness Qiao An, you should understand. The true goal of our three races in attacking the small universe of the Heavenly Court is not to break through it. Therefore, there's no need to argue in this aspect."

"What if?" Qiao An said.

"This..." Lu Qi looked at Xu Yi, wanting to get support from him.

"Priority is impossible! If the small universe of the Heavenly Court is really broken through, it will belong to whoever has the ability to rush over first," Xu Yi said.

"Are you forcing me to change partners?" Qiao An's voice was still calm, so calm that there was no emotion. However, both Lu Qi and Xu Yi could hear Qiao An's determination.

"Our two races can make changes! However, it is undeniable that the losses of your race were caused by the incompetence of your commander." Xu Yi was a little dissatisfied and actually faced the enemy head-on.

Qiao An gently turned to look at Xu Yi. "Is this your final attitude?"

Xu Yi frowned. He was about to say something when Lu Qi's voice sounded in Xu Yi's mind. "Take a step back. Although this woman looks calm as water, she is the most determined! Otherwise, the Muya Holy Temple wouldn't only have three Popes in the past 3,000 years."

"Sure, but there's only one priority! Moreover, you can't restrict us after you enter." Lu Qi was the first to cower.

"Of course." After Qiao An finished speaking, she looked at Xu Yi.

Xu Yi looked at Lu Qi and finally nodded. "Sure!"

"Meeting adjourned!" With that, Qiao An left first. Her figure dissipated from the jade seat, but Xu Yi and Lu Qi did not leave immediately.

"Are we really giving out priority?" Xu Yi looked at Lu Qi.

"So what if I give it out first? Didn't you say that the ultimate goal of attacking the Heavenly Court's small universe is not to break through it?" Lu Qi smiled. With that, Lu Qi disappeared.

Xu Yi thought for a while before he finally dissipated into spots of light and disappeared. The mysterious Galaxy Parliament disappeared.

However, after Xu Yi returned, he returned to the highest level of the Sanctuary. Then, he lit a fragrance on the huge statue of the Holy Ancestor and silently reported his problem to the Holy Ancestor for instructions.

"Priority to enter the solar system? The first to enter the solar system?" The Holy Ancestor's cold laugh suddenly came from the huge statue. "So what if I give it to them? Did they think that being the first to enter the solar system was a good thing? Ignorant!

"Remember, even if we break through the small universe of the Heavenly Court, our people will not be the first to enter the small universe through the solar system!" The Holy Ancestor instructed.

Xu Yi frowned. "Holy Ancestor, please tell me the reason."

"You don't have to know the reason for this for the time being! I can only tell you that it's because the two races don't have enough foundation that they have such thoughts. If they had enough foundation, they would definitely not have such thoughts."

Xu Yi nodded slightly in agreement. Then, he asked for instructions, "Holy Ancestor, this is the first time I'm participating in the Galaxy Parliament after becoming the Great Elder. There are four chairs in the hall of the Galaxy Parliament. Who does the fourth chair belong to? They should know, so I asked them, but they won't tell me"

The Holy Ancestor's statue flashed. "Is the fourth chair still there?"

"It's still there! But no one came."

"Perhaps that person has already died." Xu Yi still wanted to ask more questions, but the Holy Ancestor directly ordered, "Don't get distracted by these side branches. Now, the most important thing was to enter the solar system and capture that important place. Only by capturing it could we solve the problems we currently face forever. Remember, prepare a two-pronged plan. However, you have to grasp the opportunity well," the Holy Ancestor said. "We will follow the Holy Ancestor's orders!"

...

In the Five Mountains Holy Temple in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. With the help of the two great divine seals of Mount Hua and Mount Heng, as well as the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the seal of the Ziwei Emperor of the North Pole, Xu Tui only spent a day to completely refine the Mount Tai Divine Seal and fuse it into the Five Mountains Suppressing Star.

The power of the Five Mountains Suppressing Star increased greatly again. Not only that, but Xu Tui also felt something else.

After refining the Mount Tai Seal, he felt that his grasp of earth-element power had improved. It made sense. The Five Mountains Holy Temple of the ancient Heavenly Court was not just the so-called Five Mountains Holy Temple that only cared about the five mountains. In fact, the Five Mountain Holy Temple was in charge of the mountains and rivers in the world. This was the true jurisdiction of this clergy.

That would explain Xu Tui's improvement in this aspect.

It was already two days later after the defeat of the Muya expeditionary army. Countless pieces of information and the latest changes were reported to Xu Tui through Wei Bin. After Ah Huang screened them to a certain extent, the most important thousand pieces of

information were summarized to him.

Most of the information was good news.

For example, after Ji Guoliang and He Yunfeng refined and comprehended the origin power of the four Origin Palaces, their cultivation levels increased exponentially. There were no relevant comprehensions between the two of them, so the effect was very good.

They had each advanced by a major realm. Ji Guoliang had broken through to the mid-stage of the Six Satellites, while He Yunfeng had broken through to the late-stage of the Five

Satellites.

Li Qingping and Ji Gui were currently comprehending it. They would probably improve. Ji Gui's improvement should be stronger than Li Qingping's. The strength of the Blue Star elites participating in the battle at the frontline had also greatly increased.

Unfortunately, Qu Qingshan, whom Xu Tui looked forward to the most, did not break through to the Eight Satellites. Instead, he only increased his cultivation by a small realm to the mid-

stage of the Seven Satellites. He was still far from the Eight Satellites.

The good news was that Qu Qingshan, whose cultivation had increased to the mid-stage of the Seven Satellites, could already suppress ordinary Nine Satellites Planetary realm in terms

of attack power. He had gained another powerful combat strength.

Time!

What the Blue Star needed the most now was time.

After reading the messages, Xu Tui's gaze was focused on one of the messages. He could not

look away for a long time.

"Detected by remote sensing equipment, the current strength of the solar system's high- temperature fire screen is rapidly weakening at 0.5% a day!"

This news made Xu Tui's expression extremely solemn. Could it be that the energy supply of the energy defense screen of the four major cities in the small universe was the same source as the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system?

Expending the energy defense screen of the four major cities of the Heavenly Court's small universe was expending the strength of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen. In that case, even if they managed to defend the Heavenly Court's small universe in the end, it

would probably be meaningless.

Which was the true goal of the alliance of the three races? To break through the small universe of the Heavenly Court or to weaken the high-temperature fire screen? "Commander, the Spiritual Race of the Eastern Heavenly Gate and the Great Xi Clan of the Northern Heavenly Gate have strengthened their attacks at the same time." Wei Bin's voice

sounded.

"How much is the strengthening?"

"It's more than twice as strong as before. It's still strengthening! We have to provide support,

especially at the Eastern Heavenly Gate city pass. If we don't provide support, we won't be far from being broken through!" Wei Bin said.

"I understand." Xu Tui slowly exhaled. He frowned.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1