Chapter 1957: Harvest After The Battle And Fuel War With Warfare (3)

Chapter 1957: Harvest After the Battle and Fuel War with Warfare (3)

If this research could succeed, it meant that a portion of the Blue Star humans might obtain eternal life. It was about time. Wouldn't it be fine if he changed to a clone body?

However, Shang Long's research had always failed. Other than the fact that he could succeed on his own, his students would fail every attempt they made. However, Shang Long had been searching for the reason and conducting all kinds of research.

It was not just for longevity. If there was a breakthrough in this research technology, the experts who had died on the battlefield would have the possibility of surviving to extend their lives. This research was extremely forward-looking back then. It also caused the various

factions in the Blue Star to be restless.

Longevity! Who didn't want to? Everyone wanted to.

But now, he understood the situation. Shang Long had made a mistake in the prerequisite from the beginning. The strength of the mental body was very important. If the mental body was not strong enough, it would collapse and dissipate during the process of mind power possessing the clone body.

The abnormal load of mind power naturally failed.

Now, he realized that ordinary mental bodies of the Three Satellites Planetary realm could possess and be reborn in their clones after they died in battle. However, during this process, his mental body would be severely damaged and his strength would decrease.

Take Shang Long and Shui Zhi as an example. Both of them had been reborn with their clones after their deaths. Shang Long had been reborn through the Reincarnation Seal. After his rebirth, his mental body returned to normal after he absorbed and refined a Silver Spirit Box. Shui Zhi used four silver boxes of Spirit to recover his mental body to its previous state. Of course, this was also related to the strength of his mental body.

According to Xu Tui's guess, even if it was the Two Satellites Planetary realm, if he could absorb and refine a Silver Spirit Box before the battle, his mental body would be able to withstand the consumption of possession and rebirth if he died in battle.

If he had enough time and more Silver Spirit Boxes, Xu Tui would be able to reduce the death rate of Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star to an extremely low level.

However, Xu Tui was still working hard.

"Lieutenant Wei, how's the stockpile of Fire Bullets and Death Phosphorus Bullets?" Xu Tui asked.

"Not much. 500 Fire Bullets and more than 1,000 Death Phosphorus Bullets."

"Order the Blue Star to speed up production and supply. As long as the Muyas attack the Western Heavenly Gate, find the time to blast out the Fire and Death Phosphorus Bullets and burn their corpses and blood. This is very important," Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui had already learned about the Blood Spiritual Pearl through interrogating the mental body of a bishop who had been captured alive. The Muyas had risked everything to send countless Muya slaves to their deaths for the great killing weapon, the Blood Spiritual Pearl.

Therefore, in the future, stopping the Muyas from using their blood to condense the Blood Spiritual Pearl was also an important mission.

The 200-odd Blue Star elites gathered nearly 1,000 Muya corpses very quickly. They obtained a total of more than 6,000 grams of Blood Crystals and 2,000 grams of Soul Crystals.

Other than the fact that Xu Tui had benefited equally, he rewarded the public with a portion. He had also rewarded the key cultivators with an additional portion. He hoped that they would be able to break through in an extremely short period of time.

"Mr. Ji, Mr. He, Senior Ji, come over for a moment. I have something to tell you," Xu Tui ordered alone.

Neither Ji Guoliang nor He Yunfeng had expected this to happen when they reunited with Xu Tui.

Ji Guoliang was fine, but He Yunfeng gritted his teeth. "Good lad, with your current cultivation, the people who know think that we are your teachers. If they don't know, they will think that you are my teacher!"

"Mr. He, the student surpasses the master. You should have heard of it, right?"

Xu Tui's words made He Yunfeng beam. These words were too comfortable to hear. Ji Guoliang also nodded repeatedly.

"Teachers, Senior Ji, you should know that the Blue Star is currently short of a core Planetary realm."

Xu Tui's words made the three of them look at each other. Ji Guoliang immediately said, "We were the ones who dragged you down..."

"Mr. Ji, that's not what I meant." Xu Tui smiled bitterly. "What I mean is that I want to strengthen your strength in a short period of time.

"Each of you will receive 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Then, you will go to Ceres Star and take turns to comprehend the origin power of the four Origin Palaces. You will also refine all the power of the four Origin Palaces into your bodies.

"Perhaps your strength can enter another level," Xu Tui said.

Actually, in the past two years, although the speed at which Ji Guoliang and He Yunfeng's strength increased was much slower than Qu Qingshan, Yan Lie, and An Xiaoxue, who were under Xu Tui, it was still very fast.

One was a Five Satellites, and the other was a Four Satellites. In the past, they would have been considered the top forces on the Blue Star.

But now, the times have changed too quickly. Therefore, they still needed to improve. If their strength and combat strength increased by another level after they comprehended the origin power of the four Origin Palaces, Xu Tui would have a few more people he could use. While Xu Tui was arranging for such things, Bu Qingqiu was the first to break through from the peak of the Five Satellites to the Six Satellites. Li Qingping's strength also broke through from the mid-stage of the Six Satellites to the late-stage of the Six Satellites.

Xu Tui gave his instructions. Bu Qingqiu and Li Qingping also went to Ceres Star a day later to experience the origin power of the four original palaces. Their strength would definitely improve.

If Li Qingping broke through to the Seven Satellites, he might be able to be a meat shield to withstand the attacks of the Nine Satellites.

Previously, when Li Qingping was at the mid-stage of the Six Satellites, he had blocked a full- powered attack from a Nine Satellites Planetary realm for Shang Long. He had only been injured and vomited blood. Furthermore, his recovery was extremely fast.

One after another, Planetary realm experts from the Blue Star continuously broke through during the process of absorbing and refining soul crystals, blood crystals, and silver boxes. This made Xu Tui suddenly feel a hundred times more confident. At this rate and speed, as long as he was given a little time, he was confident that he could defend the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the solar system, and his hometown.

In the next moment, Xu Tui disappeared and quickly teleported toward the Five Mountains Holy Temple. He had almost refined the Mount Tai Divine Seal that he had just obtained. It was time for him to harvest.

At the same time, an urgent report was sent to the Muya Holy Temple of the Muyas on Planet

Hades.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1