Chapter 1956: Harvest After The Battle And Fuel War With Warfare (2)

Chapter 1956: Harvest After the Battle and Fuel War with Warfare (2)

Unfortunately, be it the three-phase thermal explosive or the fire bullets, they were too violent. There were too few survivors.

"Do you know the condensation method?" He looked at the Blue Star humans in the Western Heavenly Gate and asked softly.

"Understood."

"Then what are you waiting for? Pick the corpses of the powerful Planetary realms and condense them first," Xu Tui said.

Some people frowned. They were a little disgusted by the condensation of corpses. The members of the expeditionary army were the fastest to act.

"We've used up all our strength in today's battle. We've even used up a fifth of our super lethal ammunition. This was only against the Muyas, who had the weakest offensive abilities and tactics. There was also the Great Xi Clan, which had extremely powerful offense and defense. There was also the Spiritual Race with extremely brilliant tactics.

"If we can't increase our strength in a short period of time, we have no choice but to wander in space early! We are fueling war with warfare! Hurry up! Blood crystals and soul crystals were the fastest way to improve other than plundering the planet's earth vein.

"Therefore, after the blood crystals and soul crystals are condensed, hand them over. After I help you purify them, you can use them to increase your cultivation."

After Xu Tui finished speaking, the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star who had been a little disgusted just now also silently began to condense the corpses.

Xu Tui had already made it very clear. If they insisted on some stubborn thoughts, not only would they have to wander in space, but their strength would also be inferior.

Xu Tui watched as the corpses of the Muya invaders turned into Soul Crystals and Blood Crystals. He then asked An Xiaoxue and Jagren to work together to send the surviving captives to the Spiritual Cultivation Center on Planet Spirit through the quantum teleportation channel.

"Miss An, Mr. Jagren, each of you will have 10 Silver Spirit Boxes. Take the time to refine and absorb them to increase your auxiliary teleportation ability as soon as possible."

In front of everyone, Xu Tui rewarded An Xiaoxue and Jagren with 10 Silver Spirit Boxes each. After the second batch of captives was sent to the Spiritual Cultivation Center, An Xiaoxue brought back more than 100 Silver Spirit Boxes. This time, Xu Tui was rich.

He was not stingy. The Blue Star elites who had performed exceptionally in the previous battle were rewarded with one to two Silver Spirit Boxes. He only stopped when only five of the 100 silver boxes of Spirit were left.

The reason why they were all distributed was that there were many captives in the third batch. They would also obtain more Silver Boxes of Spirit.

There were more than 16,000 captives in the barbican in the third batch. Later on, they found another 5,000 Muyas who were still alive. Furthermore, the 5,000 captives they found on the battlefield were of higher quality.

Xu Tui estimated that he should be able to contribute 300 Silver Spirit Boxes this wave. Although it was much less than the thousands that he had imagined, 300 of them was enough for him to increase the strength of a portion of the people.

What the Blue Star lacked now was high-end combat strength. One that could fight against the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. The rewards just now included Cai Shaochu, Erera, Ruan Tianzuo, Qu Qingshan, Bu Qingqiu, and even Ji Gui. Each of them had at least two Silver Spirit

Boxes.

Xu Tui even rewarded Ji Gui, who had taken the initiative to make a contribution at the critical moment, with five Silver Boxes of Spirit.

He did this because he had an idea. Bu Qingqiu, Qu Qingshan, and Ji Gui were all from the School of General Senses. The School of General Senses currently had immense potential. For example, the Earth Array, the Ice Array, and the Fire Dragon Array all had the ability to increase their combat strength exponentially.

Before this, the few of them could fight or even kill enemies above their level.

Qu Qingshan's Seven Satellites could deal with the Eight Satellites. After learning the Fire Dragon Array, he could kill the Eight Satellites. As long as his strength increased slightly, Qu Qingshan would be able to grow into a new expert on the Blue Star who could resist the Nine Satellites in a short period of time.

It was the same for Bu Qingqiu and Ji Gui.

Bu Qingqiu's combat strength at the late-stage of the Five Satellites was enough to defeat the Seven Satellites Planetary realm after cultivating the Ice Array. As long as her cultivation broke through to the Six Satellites, it would not be a problem for her to defeat the Eight Satellites. After she grew up, she would have the combat strength of a fake Nine Satellites.

Xu Tui also had such expectations for Ji Gui.

On the Blue Star, the cultivation matters after the battle were quickly underway. "Lieutenant Wei, how are the arrangements for the Planetary realm clones of the Three Satellites and above on the Blue Star?" How long will it take to complete?" Xu Tui asked. "Commander, all the equipment on the Blue Star that meets the requirements has been transported to Planet Kono. All the clones have been arranged. Currently, each of the Planetary realm participants has at least one clone body. However, cloning required time! Other than those who already have it, it will take at least a month to nurture the clones of the others to reach a replacement state," Wei Bin said.

"Alright, hurry up!" Xu Tui sighed softly. He had done this job a little late. He came to his senses a little too late. Otherwise, at least three of the four people from the Blue Star Army who had died in battle today would have survived.

However, the current situation was that only two of their mental bodies had survived. Moreover, in the short term, they could only enter the bodies of the guards of the Heavenly Court to survive.

Xu Tui already knew the secret of the Genetic Miracle's research on the abnormal load of mind power. One of the fundamental goals was to extend his life on the clone body. The reason was that Shang Long had accidentally discovered that his mind power could seep into the clone body and control the clone. That was how he started this research.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1