Chapter 1954: Battle Results And The Wisty Tactics Of The Two Teachers (3)

Chapter 1954: Battle Results and the Wisty Tactics of the Two Teachers (3)

According to An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui's deduction, these two teachers might have been lost outside the solar system. But they did not have a clear search and rescue direction for the time being. Yet Xu Tui surprisingly discovered them.

A few days ago, he used the Heavenly Eye to observe the situation of the Muyas as usual. Then, he accidentally discovered two familiar auras. He was stunned. He specially used his mental perception to observe and judge. That was why he determined that these two were Blue Star humans. There was actually a Blue Star human pretending to be a Muya and hiding in the Muya army.

It was simply amazing!

Xu Tui contacted him directly. This connection almost scared the two of them out of their wits. After all, only the two of them knew about impersonating a Muya. They were almost scared to death when they were discovered by someone else. They only heaved a sigh of relief when they knew that it was Xu Tui.

Xu Tui communicated with his mind power and roughly knew about the legendary

experiences of these two people. These two probably knew that Shang Long had gone to the Muyas' Star Field.

They risked their lives to find the weakest spot of the high-temperature fire screen in the cosmic tunnel and passed through. It was a difficult journey and filled with dangers. Fortunately, He Yunfeng was cunning enough. The two of them were also very powerful when they cooperated. They wandered and killed along the way to find Shang Long. They searched for more than a year, but there were no results.

Then, the two of them wanted to return to the solar system, return to the Blue Star. But the two of them realized that they could not go back even though they were fine when they came.

The cosmic tunnel had already been sealed off by the Muyas. Furthermore, due to the system of high-temperature fire screen, it was much easier to pass through the fire screen from the solar system because they were the Blue Star humans.

However, the power of the high-temperature fire screen would increase exponentially if he passed through the solar system. When they had no way home, the two of them happened to encounter the Muyas gathering an army to attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Knowing that this was the army of the Muyas who were expeditioning to the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the two of them decided to infiltrate. The management of the Muyas was relatively chaotic. It also allowed the two of them to hide relatively successfully until they entered the small universe battlefield of the Heavenly Court.

Although the two of them had hidden in the battlefield of the Heavenly Court, they had never had the chance to enter the Western Heavenly Gate.

It had to be known that they were the Blue Star humans, not the Star Officials of the Heavenly Court. The guards of the Heavenly Court did not recognize the Blue Star humans who did not have the position of Star Officials.

If they barged in, they would be blasted into pieces immediately. They were just worrying when Xu Tui noticed them and contacted them, then he had secretly set up a trap.

Xu Tui arranged for them to carry out the most crucial scene. They successfully caused chaos and delayed the 40-odd Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts who were attacking the Western Heavenly Gate again.

The two of them had wandered in the Muya Star Field for more than a year. They had nurtured themselves through battle and were already at the Planetary realm. Ji Guoliang was at the Five Satellites Planetary realm, and He Yunfeng was at the Four Satellites Planetary realm.

Most importantly, the two of them had come up with an extremely shameless method of fighting under He Yunfeng's suggestion.

He Yunfeng cultivated the Myriad Sword Technique, while Ji Guoliang cultivated the Thousand Miles Sword Technique. One was a group attack, and the other was focused fire.

Of course, He Yunfeng's Myriad Sword Technique could also focus fire. However, when the two of them accepted the challenge, they could not contribute.

Then, He Yunfeng invented it. With his Myriad Sword Technique as a disguise, every sword light attack was not too strong. Then, Ji Guoliang's Thousand Miles Sword, which had astonishing lethality, mixed in and specially killed the enemy in an instant.

No one would have thought that more than a thousand normal sword lights would be mixed with an extremely sharp killing sword. This tactic had never failed. The more the two of them used it, the smoother it became.

Previously, they had killed five white-robed bishops in a row. It was this tactic that had contributed.

He Yunfeng's Thousand Miles Sword Technique distracted the enemy, while Ji Guoliang's Thousand Miles Sword disguised itself as a cutie and killed the enemy bravely.

He was as wretched as he could be!

At this moment, the two of them were talking to a group of friends and alumni. Of course, they first met their teacher, Shang Long. However, Xu Tui did not give them much time to reminisce. Suddenly, he asked loudly, "Everyone, can you still fight?"

"I can fight!"

"I can fight!"

A domineering roar immediately sounded!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1