Chapter 1951: The Last Bullet Shot And Slaying The Purple Robe (3)

Chapter 1951: The Last Bullet Shot and Slaying the Purple Robe (3)

"Roger that!"

The reply was extremely decisive.

Two seconds later, another wave of bullets appeared. The appearance of the bullets made the elites of Muya, who had just heaved a sigh of relief and were about to rush over, helplessly solve these problems again.

But they already had a pattern of response this time. They mainly handed it over to the Six Satellites to the Eight Satellites to deal with. The main forces of the Nine Satellites opened their hands and charged towards the Western Heavenly Gate.

It was also at this moment that two sword lights instantly soared into the sky from the crowd of Muya warriors a thousand meters away from the Western Heavenly Gate. They flashed towards the city wall.

In just a second, two sword lights had just landed on the Western Heavenly Gate. The defensive light screen of the Western Heavenly Gate suddenly appeared.

Countless Muya soldiers were knocked away. The 22 Muya Nine Satellites Planetary realms charged over again.

Xu Tui's Five Mountains Suppressing Star and Shang Long's sword light blasted over without any hesitation. However, with the combined efforts of the 22 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts, they easily shattered the attacks of Xu Tui and the others. He did not dare to step forward easily.

Seeing this, Klens sighed inwardly. He turned to look at the purple-robed Bishop, Monet, for instructions.

Monet's face turned ashen, but he also understood that if the defensive light screen of the Western Heavenly Gate rose again, it meant that they would not be able to break through in a short period of time. If they attacked forcefully, they would only increase their casualties.

The most rational choice was to retreat temporarily. As the commander-in-chief of the expeditionary army appointed by Pope Qiao An, Monet was extremely rich in terms of rationality. Therefore, even though he had suffered heavy losses in this battle, Monet understood that the best time to break through the Western Heavenly Gate in one go was gone.

He could only stop fighting for the time being. Moreover, on the surface, they had killed more than 40 Nine Satellites in the previous battle. However, in reality, the losses were not that exaggerated.

This was because many of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts had only their physical bodies killed. Their mental bodies were still there. However, losses were unavoidable.

As Monet let out a long sigh, the Muyas instantly retreated like a tide. This included the ordinary soldiers who were attacking the city and the Nine Satellites who had just attacked the Western Heavenly Gate.

In an instant, thunderous cheers sounded from the Western Heavenly Gate. Amidst the cheers, a series of explosions exploded in the Muya camp again. The two Muyas who had just appeared in the Western Heavenly Gate City removed their disguises and laughed out loud. "Xu Tui, it's done!"

While many people were shocked, hundreds of smoke bombs, fire bullets, and three-phase thermal bombs exploded below the city pass, causing a large amount of chaos in the Muyas'

war zone.

Xu Tui's order was silently passed down. He disappeared almost at the same time. Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, Erera, Lavis, An Xiaoxue, and Yan Lie, who had just experienced the battle and still had some strength left, took advantage of the smoke to pass through the defensive light screen that had just risen in the Western Heavenly Gate City.

Xu Tui put on a white robe of the Muyas in a second. At the same time, a dense holy light emitted from his body. This was the power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. Even if Xu Tui appeared in front of Klens now, Klens would only think that Xu Tui was a white-robed bishop and nothing else.

In a flash, Xu Tui appeared 20 kilometers away from the battlefield of the Western Heavenly Gate. He had teleported over.

Xu Tui was greatly respected the moment he appeared because of his status as the bishop. Moreover, 20 kilometers behind them was basically the rear camp of the Muyas. There was not a single Nine Satellites.

Xu Tui threw out three-phase thermal bombs one after another as if he was throwing sesame seeds. Of course, these three-phase thermal bombs were disguised. The Muyas had a large number of supplies sealed with wooden bars. He had previously investigated and learned about it so the Blue Star had already made identical supplies.

However, the resource box was sealed with three-phase thermal bombs.

"Don't move. I'll give you the reward later." Xu Tui threw the watermelon as he instructed the surrounding Muya warriors in the pure Muya language.

The Muya warriors did not dare to move as if it was an imperial edict. At the center of the battlefield, the smoke was showing signs of dissipating. Xu Tui felt a little helpless when he saw this scene. He could not delay any longer.

Unfortunately, he only threw down 20 large watermelons.

Three seconds later, he threw another watermelon four kilometers away from the purple- robed Bishop, Monet, and Milolis. Three flying swords instantly appeared. Each flying sword was tied with a three-phase thermal explosive.

In the next moment, the sharp whistle of a flying sword rang out as it blasted towards the purple-robed Bishop Monet. The moment the flying sword appeared, Monet suddenly turned around and saw Xu Tui.

Monet wanted to shout something when shock appeared in his eyes. Xu Tui instantly pressed on the nearly 30 watermelons that he had thrown down just now. 30 three-phase thermal bombs exploded at the same time within a 30-kilometer radius. To be honest, they were not very lethal to top experts.

But the chaos it created was great enough. In just an instant, the Muya camp was in chaos.

The enemy had infiltrated the rear! Both Monet and Milolis reacted. Almost instinctively, Monet brought the 10 Nine Satellites Planetary realm guards beside him and rushed to the back.

He had to suppress it! He must suppress it! As for Milolis, he did not support the rear because he still had the Blood Spiritual Pearl in his hand.

Xu Tui, who had teleported and disappeared, appeared three kilometers in front of Milolis. Then he attacked with all his might. The Five Mountains Town Star blasted towards Milolis.

Milolis was shocked, but he immediately activated the Blood Spirit Pearl to counterattack Xu Tui's Five Mountains Suppression Star. At the same time, the Nine Satellites that were close to Milolis also pounced toward Xu Tui.

It was also at this moment that Shang Long's sword light flashed over. Xu Tui's mind power force field instantly spread out. Milolis froze as he watched Shang Long's sword light shatter

his head.

Wen Xinglun and Ullr's lightning blasted towards the mental body that Milolis had exploded with at the same time. Yan Lie's figure suddenly flashed beside Milolis. In a flash, he took away Milolis's body, including the seal hanging at his waist.

"Retreat!"

In an instant, Yan Lie disappeared! Xu Tui disappeared. The two bolts of lightning did not care

if they destroyed Milolis's mental body. They landed at lightning speed at the Western

Heavenly Gate.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1