Chapter 1961: Super Key (2)

Chapter 1961: Super Key (2)

"The other data models are the same. It's just that because the Great Xi Clan has suffered huge casualties, their attacks are extremely strong. The decrease they cause to the Northern Heavenly Gate every day is about 24," Wei Bin said.

"Two days?"

"That's right. In theory, the Great Xi Clan can break through the Northern Heavenly Gate City Pass in two days! And just like that, I've already sent all the elites of the Southern Heavenly Gate City to support the Northern Heavenly Gate City," Wei Bin said.

"What about the general staff? Do they have any battle plans here?" Xu Tui asked.

"Commander, the commander of the Great Xi Clan is also very brilliant. The effect of their quark particle energy center on them is very obvious. There were several battle plans. For example, we could organize an elite pounce to blast away a few of their quark particle energy centers, then focus fire on a small number of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

"However, there would definitely be casualties in this plan, and there would be many. The Nine Satellites and Planetary realm elites of the Great Xi Clan were also pressed at the front like the Spiritual Race. I did not know if they had learned their lesson from the Muyas or if their commander was more brilliant. Moreover, there's actually no point in implementing this battle plan," Wei Bin said.

Xu Tui did not ask because he understood. Destroying the energy centers of the Great Xi Clan's quark particles was useless in the big picture. Even if they could delay the Great Xi Clan's breakthrough into the Northern Heavenly Gate, the Spiritual Race would still break through the Eastern Heavenly Gate in about three days.

To the humans of the Blue Star, any of the four Heavenly Gates in the small universe of the Heavenly Court would fail. Then there was no point in making a sacrifice now.

"Commander, prepare to implement the fourth Iron Blood Plan," Wei Bin said.

Xu Tui did not answer. Instead, he turned around and looked in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate. He could reach the solar system and his hometown, the Blue Star, from there. "It looks like we are going to wander space and lose our hometown..." Xu Tui's voice was filled with grief.

"Only by living can we return to our hometown or even rebuild our second hometown." In comparison, Wei Bin's will in this aspect was even more determined than Xu Tui's.

"Then... execute it..." Xu Tui disappeared after he finished speaking.

Wei Bin and the general staff were the best at handling these small matters.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, felt inexplicably uncomfortable. After working hard for so long and risking his life for it, were the humans of the Blue Star still going to lose their hometown?

Xu Tui appeared on the roof of the main hall of the Shenxiao Prefecture. He took out a bottle of September Frost, took a look, and took a gulp. The Blue Star that Shen Jiushuang and the others had protected with their lives would be lost to Xu Tui in the near future.

This made him feel very uncomfortable.

"Little Six, according to you, the ancient Heavenly Court is glorious! But now, why is the small universe of the Heavenly Court so fragile? Every race of the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan could easily break through the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Do you think there are any hidden forces that can be used in the small universe of the Heavenly Court?" Xu Tui muttered.

"I don't know if there are any hidden forces. However, I know the important reason why the small universe of the Heavenly Court is so weak now," Little Six said.

"Don't tell me that the commanders, marshals, and even the Heavenly Court's Heavenly Kings, as well as the high-level Star Officials like the Six Imperials, have all disappeared. In my opinion, those who disappeared were all incompetent. If it was really very powerful, it would not have disappeared," Xu Tui said.

"It's not that." Little Six, who was behind Xu Tui, shook his head. "It's because the four Origin Small Universes and the Samsara Small Universe have been sealed or lost contact."

Xu Tui glanced at Little Six and gestured for him to continue. Little Six had mentioned this topic to him in the past.

"If the Samsara Small Universe is here, there will be an endless stream of Heavenly Court guards here. Even those generals are almost immortal," Little Six said.

"The Samsara Small Universe is a place for the guards? The location of the production line that produces war machine people like the Heavenly Court Guards?"

If it was as Little Six had said, if there was really an endless number of Heavenly Court guards, Xu Tui would rush out with the Heavenly Court guards. If they were all dead, another batch would be fine. In any case, he could replenish it. It was fine as long as he could exhaust the enemy's strength and defend the Heavenly Court's small universe.

"No." However, Little Six gave a negative answer. "As one of the most important components of the ancient Heavenly Court, the Samsara Small Universe is not that shallow. As for producing the bodies of these Heavenly Court guards, just as you said, a few production lines are enough. There's no need to use a small universe to produce them. The Samsara Small Universe is related to spirits!" Little Six said.

Xu Tui was stunned. Reincarnation, reincarnation! The so-called reincarnation, in layman's terms, was the reincarnation, which was the soul, which was the mental body. This made sense. The most important spirit in the body of the guards of the Heavenly Court was their mental body. Go back and forth to the Samsara Small Universe?

This was an important discovery.

However, Xu Tui soon lost interest. So what if he knew this now? Even if they found the Samsara Small Universe, they would probably not be able to solve the current predicament. After all, there were only three days left.

"Actually, if we can find the four major Origin Universes, even if we only find one, we can solve our current predicament," Little Six said.

"What do you mean? Are there any hidden powers of the ancient Heavenly Court in the four origin small universes?" Xu Tui asked.

"No." This time, Little Six's answer was very certain. No.

"What can I do then?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1