Chapter 1964: Survival (2)

Chapter 1964: Survival (2)

Xu Tui teleported without thinking. He left. He was sweating profusely when he appeared above the magma cave wall. He panted heavily. The first two layers of the fire-resistant armor were already broken. His shoulders were burning. He had already been burned.

Xu Tui went outside for treatment and changed into a new set of fire-resistant armor. He began to plan his previous route again. He was just scouting the way just now. If he forcefully entered in that state, the probability of death was too high. He had to enter the unknown area in his best state.

A minute later, Xu Tui appeared below the magma again. The moment he fell, his mind power had already wrapped around him and formed an arrowhead. Then, he activated it and quickly headed toward the Fire Eye.

This time, in just a second, the Vajra Barrier broke through two layers and arrived at the Fire Eye. The temperature at the Fire Eye was twice that of the magma.

Xu Tui even suspected that the magma here was most likely caused by the Fire Eye. He jumped into the Fire Eye without hesitation. In a flash, a completely red world entered Xu Tui's eyes. Fire waves surged toward him. His Vajra Barrier shattered one after another at half a second.

Xu Tui instantly spread out his mind power, wanting to find a place with a relatively low temperature. However, there was no place with a low temperature in front of him, at least within the range of his mental perception.

The Vajra Set shattered again, leaving only the fire-resistant armor on his body. The fire- resistant armor was estimated to last another two to three seconds.

His mind power had already rushed into the red fire slip like a flood. If the red fire slip could not protect him here, he would jump out of the Fire Eye in the next second. Then, he would teleport out of the magma before the fireproof armor completely shattered.

In the next moment, the red fire slip suddenly shone brightly with red light. A soft red light hung down. The sea of fire in front of him suddenly became docile.

The high temperature disappeared.

Xu Tui knew that he was safe. The probability was correct. There was a high chance that this was the Fire Origin Universe. The red fire slip was the super key to the Fire Origin Universe.

Xu Tui had once asked Little Six what he should do if he really entered the Fire Origin Universe. Little Six's answer was that he did not know either. Xu Tui did not know what to do now. However, according to his method, he just had to follow his heart.

From the heart, it was guided by the mind. According to the guidance of the red fire slip, under the protection of the red fire slip, Xu Tui sank his mind power into it. He suddenly saw a fire hall. The hall was surrounded and burned by countless flames. There was no specific direction, but there was a general direction.

Since he had already entered, and Xu Tui had entered with the belief that he would die, he was naturally not afraid now. Along the way, he passed through the sea of fire without any obstruction under the protection of the red fire slip.

Xu Tui did a small test as he walked. He casually threw a fireproof armor into the sea of fire. In less than five seconds, the fireproof armor turned to dust. This was a normal fire. In some places, there were terrifying flames of various colors. There was no need to test them to know how terrifying they were.

Xu Tui's flying speed was not too fast in the sea of fire. He only slowly arrived at the place surrounded by the sea of fire after flying for two hours.

The previous distant view was a hall-like place. Looking closer, the situation was even more spectacular. It was a hall wrapped in hundreds of fire dragons. Of course, these were not real fire dragons. Instead, there were all kinds of different flames rolling in the form of a dragon.

There were the most ordinary red flames, purple flames, black flames, tricolored flames, cold flames, white flames, blue flames...

Xu Tui inexplicably remembered the various flames in novels in the past. Was there the so- called True Samadhi Fire? As he approached the hall, the red fire slip floating above his head suddenly trembled. It vaguely gave him an indescribable joy.

Xu Tui thought about it and silently put on a Fire Armor. Then, he activated his mind power and instantly released the red fire slip. The red fire slip suddenly shone brightly and flew above the Fire Dragon Hall. Then, the red fire slip flipped open like a book.

Xu Tui was dumbfounded. He frantically cast the Vajra Set on himself. This fellow was indeed an ingrate. It would leave him alone when it returned home. If he did not have any tricks up his sleeve, he would probably be finished now.

The moment the red fire slip was flipped open, Xu Tui felt as if he had been swallowed by a hungry wolf. The hundreds of fire dragons surrounding the Sea of Fire Hall were sucked into the red fire slip at the same time.

How hungry was this guy?

However, as the red fire slip absorbed the energy, the hundreds of fire dragons disappeared and the Fire Dragon Hall appeared. Only then was the red fire slip controlled by Xu Tui again. Then, it emitted a red light to protect him as he charged toward the Fire Hall.

The door of the Fire Hall instantly opened. The moment Xu Tui rushed in, all the high temperatures instantly disappeared. A sea of fire rose in the Fire Hall, but it was not hot at all. The moment the red fire slip rushed into the Fire Hall, the originally dim Fire Hall seemed to have been electrified. It suddenly became extremely bright. Not only the Fire Hall, but the entire sea of fire outside seemed to have been lit up and scattered in all directions.

The entire sea of fire seemed to have been awakened. The color became bright, and the flames became surging.

The red fire slip also became different.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1