Chapter 1966: For Others To See (1)

Chapter 1966: For Others to See (1)

Outside the Eastern Heavenly Gate, in the temporary command center of the Spiritual Race's expeditionary army. The commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race's expeditionary army, Xu Zhijia, was chatting with his chief of staff, Xu Yilong.

On the jade chessboard, the black and white pieces kept falling. Xu Yilong was like a tiger, his attacks were sharp. However, Xu Zhijia could always easily resolve Xu Yilong's attacks. Moreover, in his defense, he vaguely formed a sharp attack that was unstoppable. It made Xu Yilong's forehead sweat.

This scene made Xu Zhijia smile. "Yilong, you're being presumptuous! If you care too much about the outcome, you won't be able to escape the outcome. It'll be difficult to win."

Xu Yilong wiped the cold sweat off his forehead and said with a bitter smile, "Commander, playing chess with you makes me feel like I'm on a tragic battlefield. To be honest, I feel that it might be easier to fight at the front."

Xu Zhijia raised his head and looked in the direction of the Eastern Heavenly Gate. He shook his head slightly. "There's no need for you to participate in the battle that we will definitely win."

Xu Yilong looked at the battlefield behind him with sincere admiration. This tactic was personally developed by the commander-in-chief, Xu Zhijia, with his staff team. It was specially designed to attack the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

At that time, many staff officers did not understand. Such a tactic was too slow. If they were delayed for too long, it would be easy to change.

From the looks of it, it was brilliant! It was definitely brilliant. Up until now, none of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race died in battle during the siege. The latest battle report was that the Muyas had suffered heavy losses, and the Great Xi Clan had also lost more than five Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

"Commander, according to the current progress, the Great Xi Clan might be able to break through the city pass faster than us. Should we..."

Xu Zhijia slowly shook his head. "In this world, speed is very important, but speed is not the only thing! In small-scale wars, it is not a problem to win with speed. However, in a battle like this, I personally feel that it's better to be slow if I want to obtain the best results."

"Commander is brilliant."

"Continue!" Xu Zhijia looked at the chessboard in front of him. He wanted to continue fighting, but Xu Yilong was a little afraid.

Playing chess with a commander-in-chief was really scarier than fighting. Xu Yilong wanted to refuse, but he did not dare to. At this moment, a combat staff quickly came over, as if he wanted to report something. Xu Yilong quickly went forward.

Xu Yilong's expression became solemn when he received the report and reported it. He quickly sent the report to Xu Zhijia. He quickly rushed to the frontline to understand the more specific situation.

After Xu Zhijia finished reading the report, he looked at the Eastern Heavenly Gate in front of him. A solemn expression appeared in his eyes and he did not move for a long time.

After a long time, he suddenly picked up a white piece that Xu Yilong had been holding previously. He placed a piece down. In an instant, the dragon that was in danger on the chessboard immediately calmed down. "Who... took action...?"

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Yilong quickly returned. His expression became even more solemn. "Commander, the situation is true. The recovery speed of the defensive light screen of the Eastern Heavenly Gate has indeed increased. The data model given by the ten reconnaissance officers at the frontline had greatly changed from before.

"In the beginning, our attack on the defensive light screen of the Eastern Heavenly Gate was 10. Its recovery rate was only slightly more than 3. The original plan was that we would be able to break through the Eastern Heavenly Gate in about three days.

"However, the data model given by the ten reconnaissance officers had changed. The recovery rate of the defensive light screen of the Eastern Heavenly Gate has changed. The average recovery rate given by the ten reconnaissance officers was 9.4, the highest was 11, and the lowest was 8.8.

"Moreover, there's an opinion that's very unanimous," Xu Yilong said.

"Speak."

"According to their senses, the recovery rate of the defense light screen is still slowly increasing," Xu Yilong said.

Xu Zhijia was not too surprised. He had expected this from the moment he saw the report. In other words, according to the current strength of the attacks, they would no longer be able to break through the small universe of the Heavenly Court if this continued.

Moreover, the rate of recovery was still increasing. This meant that even if the Spiritual Race attacked with all their might, it would be extremely difficult to break through. If they attacked with all their might, it would mean huge casualties.

"How long ago did this change begin?" Xu Zhijia asked.

"Commander, according to the records of the reconnaissance officers, two hours ago, there was an abnormality in the recovery rate of the defense light screen. Commander, should we contact the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas and ask them about their situation?" Xu Yilong asked. Xu Zhijia slowly shook his head. "It looks like our first strategic goal is going to fail! What a pity..."

Xu Yilong understood what Xu Zhijia meant by pity. If this victory had a huge impact on Xu Zhijia's future, he might be able to replace the position of the Great Elder in the future. However, if he failed this battle...

Yes, it would be a failure if they could not take down the small universe of the Heavenly Court with an army of ten million.

"Commander, why don't we charge forward? We'll charge with all our might at the cost of casualties and try to break through the small universe of the Heavenly Court," Xu Yilong said

sternly.

Xu Zhijia slowly shook his head. "In that case, the casualties will be too great." He turned around and looked at the black mass of the Spiritual Race army. "I can let them die in battle, but I can't let them tempt fate. Moreover, the possibility of breaking through was too low even if they suppressed it with all their might."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1