Chapter 1968: Xu Tui'S Reward And The True Use Of The God Slaying Sword (1)

Chapter 1968: Xu Tui's Reward and the True Use of the God Slaying Sword (1)

Fire Origin Universe, Fire Origin Spirit Hall.

After the red fire slip opened like a book, countless tangible and intangible Will-O-Wisp in the Fire Origin Spirit Hall surged into the red fire slip and suddenly appeared in Xu Tui's mind.

Xu Tui instantly realized something. This red fire slip had consciousness! It was a living creature. Or rather, it was a spiritual object.

The red fire slip opened. When the entire Fire Origin Universe was lit up, the red fire slip, the Fire Origin Universe, and Xu Tui's mind power magically fused into one. It was not a complete fusion. Instead, it was because his mind power had completely fused with the red fire slip.

Actually, this was what he should do.

In the past three to four years, his mind power had been constantly immersing the red fire slip. The red fire slip was unscrupulously absorbing the various powers that he had refined and absorbed into his body.

It was normal for it to be completely soaked by Xu Tui's aura. Under such circumstances, he understood the entire Fire Origin Universe through the red fire slip. In this understanding, pieces of information continuously appeared in his mind.

This made Xu Tui a little stunned even though he knew more about the Fire Origin Universe. He had just determined that the red fire slip really had a spirit. It was a living creature. However, why did he feel that the red fire slip was a retard from the broken information? It was similar to someone's words not matching when they're talking. The information was completely fragmented.

On the other hand, Xu Tui had a preliminary understanding of the Fire Origin Universe through the red fire slip.

The Fire Origin Universe was formed by the gathering of countless fire veins. Most of them were ordinary flames. However, as the surrounding Fire Veins changed, they also layered into various flames with different powers.

There were a total of 108 types of flames that had a name. Of course, this was not all the flames. Instead, it was the first 108 types of flames that were relatively powerful in the Fire Origin Small Universe. Some of the flames were also very powerful, but the Fire Vein was still very weak. There were even new flames.

It was just not qualified to enter the red fire slip. Only 108 types of flames could enter the red fire slip. They had a quantitative and qualitative ranking.

In the information on the fragment, Xu Tui roughly knew the true name of the red fire slip. This was called Red Scripture! It was also called the Fire Spirit Book. It was also called the Heavenly Fire Outline!

It was a top-notch treasure and the key to the Fire Origin Small Universe. After activating and unsealing the Fire Origin Universe, he could even contact it at any time. However, the prerequisite for contacting the Fire Origin Small Universe was to solve the Heavenly Fire Outline.

In other words, he had to completely grasp the Heavenly Fire Outline recorded in the red fire slip. Only then could the Fire Spirit Book communicate with the Fire Origin Universe at any time. At the same time, in a distant base in the starry sky, a large amount of data flow appeared on the massive holographic screen again. The light gradually lit up.

"Discovered data flow of the missing base. Confirming in emergency communication..." "Base 1 has confirmed that the base that has been restored is Base 6. It has also begun to recover its energy supply."

"After comprehensive data analysis, Manager Number 37 has arrived at Base 6. Requests to give Manager Number 37 full management rights."

"Full management rights are limited. If the conditions for full management rights are not met, according to the rules, Manager Number 37 will be given secondary management rights."

"The secondary management rights granted are limited. Manager Number 37's personal situation can't meet the requirements of Base 6.

"Requesting data."

...

"According to the rules of the manager's judgment, Manager Number 37 is automatically given elementary management rights. However, he can upgrade in real time. If he meets the conditions, he can increase his management rights."

"Elementary management rights granted."

"It has been successfully granted."

"Starting to search the other bases. Base 1 has begun to try to repair some functions because it provides a small amount of restoration..."

"Execute..."

...

After a series of data, the holographic screens turned off again. The entire base space was pitch-black. It fell silent again. No one knew where this was or where it was.

...

The intermittent fragmented aura surged into the Fire Origin Spirit Hall. It gave Xu Tui a headache. It was even a little difficult to understand. Of course, he had a basic understanding of most of the situation with the red fire slip through the information of these fragments. However, there was a problem. What did the God Slaying Sword mean? Or rather, the source.

Xu Tui did not understand. It was not strange for anything related to fire to appear in the Fire Spirit Book and the Heavenly Fire Outline. But he could not understand why a great killing weapon like the God Slaying Sword had appeared.

It was also engraved on the back of the Fire Spirit Book. What was the meaning of this? As the fusion between the red fire slip and the Fire Origin Universe was still ongoing, Xu Tui, who was confused, started communicating with Little Six.

"Little Six, what's with this Book of Fire Spirit, which is the red fire slip? I feel that it has a spirit and is a living creature, but why is it stammering when it expresses its meaning? It only gives me fragmented information. Even if my mind power sinks into communicating with his consciousness, it won't do," Xu Tui asked.

"That's very normal," Little Six replied.

"Why?"

"Because it was a fool to begin with!"

"It's a fool to begin with?" Xu Tui was shocked by this answer. "Using a fool as the spirit of the Fire Spirit Book and the Heavenly Fire Outline? Who designed this? Is there something wrong with his brain?" Xu Tui did not understand.

"Actually, if you think about its other functions, you'll understand why it's a fool. It has to be

a fool too!" Little Six said.

"Hmm?" Xu Tui furrowed his brows. Other functions. The super key of the Fire Origin Small Universe, the door of communication? If he could completely master the Heavenly Fire Outline, he would be able to contact the Fire Origin Universe at any time.

After saying that, Xu Tui somewhat understood its key point. It was extremely important. To put it bluntly, even though Xu Tui had grasped the Heavenly Fire Outline, he still needed the red fire slip as a bridge to communicate with the Fire Origin Universe.

If he wanted to obtain the power or communicate with the Fire Origin Universe, he had to have the red fire slip. It was useless even if he mastered the Heavenly Fire Outline. It was a little like an emperor in ancient times, an eunuch between ministers. In an era where the emperor's power was depleted, if the eunuch did not pass the message, the minister would not be able to see the emperor even if he was trusted by the emperor.

With this thought in mind, Xu Tui somewhat understood why the red fire slip was a retard, why the creator of the Fire Origin Small Universe uses a fool as the spirit of the red fire slip. An existence who grasped the key tunnel like this should not have intelligence. He should be a

fool.

This way, it would not threaten its owner. Otherwise, it would be a huge disaster if the red fire slip had its own consciousness. Suddenly, Xu Tui remembered a situation in the past and understood the function of the God Slaying Sword.

When he first obtained the red fire slip, the red fire slip still had a little consciousness of its own. Occasionally, it would express that it wanted to eat something or needed something. It had a little autonomy.

It even had an argument with Little Six once. But later on, this thing became more and more stupid. It could only act according to its instincts and could not communicate at all. Until now,

it became a fool.

God Slaying Sword! Xu Tui completely understood. The God Slaying Sword was not used to kill enemies. Instead, it was used to suppress the spirit of the red fire slip, the spirit of the Fire Spirit Book. It did not allow it to produce a spirit and made it look like a fool forever. It was the safest for the master of the Fire Origin Universe.

This should be the reason why the red fire slip had become completely stupid after he obtained the God Slaying Sword. It had been suppressed! Moreover, based on the current situation, if it was not suppressed by the God Slaying Sword for a long time, the incomplete spirit of the red fire slip would recover.

Xu Tui could not help but sigh when he thought about this. The creator of the Fire Origin

Small Universe was really brilliant! Based on this, the other three small origin universes should also have a similar super key. It could even be said that there was a suppressive item

like the God Slaying Sword.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had another thought. He thought of the Spirit Sealing Array he had learned from Yan Wuyu. The Spirit Sealing Array used mind power to condense into a small sword and

set up an array.

If Xu Tui did not care about the consumption and used the Small God Slaying Sword, the

power would be even greater. He was thinking that if he could obtain the super keys of other origin small universes in the future, he would be able to learn the suppression abilities above and use them to set up a spirit sealing array.

Then how strong was this Spirit Sealing Array Sword? That had to be a killing move.

"Little Six, do you know how to find the super keys to the other origin small universes?" Xu

Tui asked.

Xu Tui could already vaguely sense that the Fire Origin Universe was supplying energy to the outside world through the red fire slip.

A large amount of Fire Origin Energy surged towards a few tunnels. The energy of the small universe of the Heavenly Court should be included in the replenishment.

Although Xu Tui really wanted to know about the changes in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, he could sense that the red fire slip was still constantly fusing with the entire Fire Origin Small Universe. Therefore, he could not be anxious and could not go out. What he was certain was that the situation in the small universe of the Heavenly Court was definitely improving. It could originally last two to three days. And now, it should not be a problem to last three to four or even five to six days now. He still had time.

Xu Tui calmed down when he thought of this. When he thought of the Heavenly Fire Outline,

his mental perception sank into the red fire slip and began to sense and comprehend the lowest level of ordinary fire.

Xu Tui had just realized that the 108 types of flames stored in the red fire slip were the original

quantum fluctuations of the purest flames. It could not be more convenient for him to sense

them.

His mental perception only lasted for a moment before he understood the basic normal fire. Then, he instantiated it. As for the second high-temperature red flame, he only used ten seconds to sense and instantiate it.

However, it was obvious that the further he went, the longer he would sense and comprehend.

...

At the same time, at the end of the cosmic tunnel in the Muya Star Sector, the purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon, looked at the high-temperature fire screen in front of him with a solemn

expression.

After confirming the orders he had just received, the purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon, ordered, "Order the 1st Nine Satellites expedition team to prepare to transmigrate through the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system. Everyone else, retreat 20 kilometers!"

Under Degusalon's orders, a team of ten people exuding a shocking aura of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm slowly stepped forward.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1