Chapter 1969: The Reappearance Of The Solar System Guardian (1)

Chapter 1969: The Reappearance of the Solar System Guardian (1)

Among the three alien species that were currently thinking of ways to invade the solar system, the Muyas acted the roughest and most barbaric. It could even be described as primitive in

some aspects.

However, the fact that the Muyas could coexist with the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race in the vast Milky Way for so many years meant that they were definitely not primitive. There were actually four huge levels within the Muyas. They were divided into slaves, warriors, nobles, and clergy.

On the small cosmic battlefield of the Heavenly Court, the Muya slaves were sacrificed as cannon fodder and materials. This was the largest group of Muyas. The Muyas who were preparing to pass through the high-temperature fire screen and march into the solar system were completely different.

The leading purple-robed bishop, Degusalon, was the most respected clergyman among the Muyas.

According to the rules of the Muyas, as long as a slave broke through to the quasi-planetary realm, they would naturally obtain the status of a warrior. If they broke through to the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, they would naturally obtain the status of a Muya noble.

The nobles of the Muyas all had legacies. The people attacking the high-temperature fire screen were the Nine Satellites Planetary realms. They were naturally the nobles of the Muyas. They had prepared for this a long time ago. The Muya nobles who were attacking the high- temperature fire screen of the solar system used all the resources in their hands to stack their defense.

He could make all kinds of fire-resistant equipment, fire-resistant armor, and various life- saving treasures. When he transmigrated through the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system, the difference of 0.1 seconds was the difference between life and death.

As long as he passed through it 0.1 second earlier, he would be able to live. If he could hold on for another 0.1 second, he might be able to live. Therefore, the first batch of Muya Nine Satellites nobles who were going to transmigrate through the high-temperature fire screen were all dressed simply.

The first person was wearing dark brown fire-resistant armor that had three layers. He was like a cumbersome bear, but the weight of the armor was not heavy. If not for the fact that the materials were difficult to get and that too many of them affected his speed, he would probably be able to put on a few more layers.

Just the aura of these materials taken from powerful living beings completely covered the aura of their Nine Satellites Planetary realm. Under the huge armor, other than the flickering eyes, he could not see anything else.

"Augment!" As this group of people stepped forward, the purple-robed bishop, Degusalon, gave the order. 20 red-robed bishops and 100 white-robed bishops stepped forward at the same time and began to bless them with their holy power.

In less than a minute, the 10 members of the first expedition team were enveloped by an extremely thick layer of holy power. This holy power light was also an extremely powerful defense. It could greatly increase the possibility of them passing through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen alive.

"Ready!"

"Charge!"

Following Degusalon's order, the 10 members of the first team of Muya Expeditionary Force passed through the high-temperature fire screen crazily. Countless flames surged towards them. While they intertwined with the holy power light around their bodies, they had already disappeared into the depths of the high-temperature fire screen.

What no one knew was that every member of the first team of expeditionary forces looked like they were facing death calmly when they rushed out. They secretly shouted the divine name of their supreme Lord and pounced into the high-temperature fire screen.

If anyone could see this scene, they would immediately understand that the members of the first expeditionary force were all fanatics among the Muyas. Regardless of their cultivation, as long as the Holy Temple gave the order, they would not frown even if they were asked to tempt fate.

The purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon, who was commanding here, was the only person who knew the truth. Therefore, he did not have any expectations for the success of these people. It was impossible for them to succeed.

If they wanted to pass through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen, even if it was now greatly weakened, they would still need strength. It was the end of his speed and defense ability.

If he was not fast enough, it would be useless no matter how strong his defense was. These people were only the third strategic plan, including the subsequent actions. This was the Pope's instructions.

"Second expedition team, get ready."

"Third expedition team, get ready."

Following the same pattern, a total of three expedition teams rushed into the solar system's high-temperature fire screen and disappeared. There was a ten-minute gap between each

time.

About five minutes after the third expedition team transmigrated, the purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon, suddenly shouted, "Someone has already successfully transmigrated. Subsequent expeditionary forces, get ready."

One of the four holy artifacts of the Muyas, the Book of Enlightenment, appeared in the palm of Degusalon. A large amount of holy power began to gather towards the Book of

Enlightenment.

This was a unique method of the Muyas. He used the Sacred Artifact, the Book of Enlightenment, to activate the teleportation channel. However, a large-scale teleportation channel required time and the accumulation of holy power.

Just as Degusalon took out the Book of Enlightenment, a Muya noble on duty 20 kilometers away silently crushed a few jade talismans.

At the same time, Xu Shifang, who had already arrived at the cosmic tunnel of the Spiritual Race and was at the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system, received the signal. His expression suddenly changed and he quickly contacted Great Elder Xu Yi.

Seeing Xu Shifeng move, the gazes of the two main elders, Mu Sheng and Huo Nan, also

shifted.

Although the two of them were the main elders, Xu Shifang was the confidential chief of Great Elder Xu Yi. On the surface, his status was lower than theirs.

However, his actual power and influence were higher than theirs in most places.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1