Chapter 1962: Super Key (3)

Chapter 1962: Super Key (3)

"This is related to the effect of the four small universes on the ancient Heavenly Court." "What's it for?"

"In the words of the Blue Star, the four Origin Universes are like four super, super, super huge chargers to the ancient Heavenly Court. They can greatly replenish the energy in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. In other words, they can replenish the defensive light screen of the four Heavenly Gates," Little Six said.

Xu Tui was stunned. He instantly turned to look at Little Six. "Didn't you say that the four origin universes can replenish the energy of the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system?"

"That's only one of its uses. Furthermore, the priority is after replenishing the energy of the small universe of the Heavenly Court," Little Six said.

Xu Tui's Spirit only lasted for a moment before it withered. "So what if it's a super charger? I can't find it."

"That's right." Little Six also sighed. "It's said that each of the four origin small universes has a super key. If we could find it, it would be very easy to find the four small origin universes. Unfortunately, I've never seen what it looks like."

The speaker had no intention, but the listener did. Little Six's words instantly made Xu Tui prick up his ears.

The key! Each of the four Origin Universes had a super key. Previously, after Xu Tui had refined all four of the origin palaces of Ceres Star, the red fire slip had an abnormal reaction.

At that time, Xu Tui had stopped the red fire slip from devouring the four-origin power balls of the four Origin Palaces. Then, under the suppression of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, he had sent the four-origin power balls into the fire slip. He had seen a scene filled with a sea of fire. At the same time, he had a vague sense of direction.

All of this made him suddenly think of a problem. Could the red fire slip be the super key to the Fire Universe in the four origin universes?

It would have been fine if he did not think of it. Once he did, Xu Tui felt that this was very likely. The origin of the red fire slip was mysterious. Not only could it not be destroyed or refined, but it also had thoughts about the four-origin power ball. It could also give Xu Tui a blurry direction and image of the sea of fire.

Could that direction be the location of the fire universe in the four minor origin universes? The sea of fire was the situation inside the Fire Universe.

Xu Tui instantly stood up. Little Six was also shocked when he stood. He thought that something had happened to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui's mind raced at high speed. There was hope! This might be the hope of protecting the small universe of the Heavenly Court. If he could find the Fire Universe and unseal it, there was still hope of guarding the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

The problem now was that if the red fire slip was really the super key to the four small origin universes, the location it gave was too blurry. Searching for it in the entire solar system or even the Milky Way was like finding a needle in a haystack. That was just in simple terms. He could not find it in a short period of time.

However, if it was really the super key of the Fire Universe, he would definitely be able to locate the location of the Fire Universe.

Xu Tui carefully recalled the changes to the red fire slip when he refined the four-origin power into his body that day. It wanted to swallow it! It wanted to devour four sources of power!

Xu Tui instantly made a decision. If he could defend the small universe of the Heavenly Court, if he could defend his hometown, so what if the red fire slip swallowed the four-origin power balls? He had to try.

"Lieutenant Wei, continue with the fourth Iron Blood Plan. I'm going to do something. If I don't return or lose contact, continue with the fourth Iron Blood Plan. Don't worry about me," Xu Tui ordered.

Wei Bin did not ask further. He knew very well that Xu Tui must have something extremely important to do when he left at this moment. He might even not be able to return. "Don't worry, Commander!"

Wei Bin only replied to Xu Tui with these words. In the next moment, Xu Tui continuously teleported and quickly rushed to the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Xu Tui only used five minutes to reach the Southern Heavenly Gate after flying for 20 minutes. Then, he passed through the Southern Heavenly Gate and entered Ceres Star. The moment he landed on Ceres Star, he could already see a large number of engineering troops from the Blue Star taking action.

This was a step in the fourth iron-blooded plan. If the small universe of the Heavenly Court was lost, Ceres Star had to be completely destroyed. According to theoretical calculations, 1,000 to 3,000 three-phase thermal bombs could destroy Ceres Star.

However, it was hard to say if they could destroy the four origin palaces.

Xu Tui only glanced at the busy engineering personnel before entering the Earth Origin Palace of the four Origin Palaces. In the Earth Origin Palace, Li Qingping's aura had just calmed down. Now, Li Qingping was refining and comprehending the four great origin powers. His aura had just broken through.

Seven Satellites Planetary realm. Li Qingping had already broken through to the Seven Satellites Planetary realm.

It was a good thing.

Li Qingping from the Seven Satellites could face a Planetary realm Nine Satellites head-on. Of course, he would be beaten up. However, he could be considered a core force. Unfortunately, the small universe of the Heavenly Court was about to be breached.

Xu Tui forcefully interrupted the progress of the others in refining and comprehending the four origin powers. He ordered Li Qingping to disperse the four origin powers back to the four main palaces. He began to refine them one by one.

This was because he had refined it once before. The progress of the refinement was extremely fast. Four hours later, the four origin powers were completely refined into his body and fused

into a ball.

According to the previous method, Xu Tui sent the four origin power balls into the red fire slip again under the suppression of the Longevity Emperor Seal.

The previous scene repeated.

Sea of fire. There was also a blurry location. However, this location was too blurry. He could not find it at all based on his current location.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to let the red fire slip devour the four-origin power ball. He also had some thoughts. Back then, the red fire slip was discovered on Mars. In that case, was it possible that the entrance to the Fire Universe was on Mars? Or rather, it was closer to Mars. If he arrived on Mars, his perception of the Fire Origin Universe would be clearer. With this thought in mind, Xu Tui charged toward Mars. The current Ceres Star had already built a quantum teleportation channel that led directly to Mars.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui appeared above Mars. When he appeared above Mars, he immediately activated the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to suppress the red fire slip. He sent the four-origin power ball into the red fire slip. He was looking forward to it. Three seconds later, Xu Tui had a disappointed expression. There were no changes! The location given by the red fire slip was still very blurry. It was impossible to find the Fire Origin Universe with this location.

He could only let it swallow it.

In the next moment, Xu Tui put away the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Without the suppression of the seal, he sent the four-origin power balls of the four origin palaces into the red fire slip.

The red fire slip trembled like a hungry ghost that had been reincarnated for 3,000 years. One- fifth of the power of the four Origin Light Balls of the four origin palaces disappeared.

A fifth of the four-origin light ball disappeared. It was equivalent to 20% of the origin power of the four origin palaces being swallowed. Almost at the same time that the red fire slip was swallowed, the red fire slip instantly shone brightly. The entire jade slip trembled.

The image that was transmitted to Xu Tui's mind power suddenly became extremely clear, including his sense of location. He could clearly sense the location of the sea of fire.

Xu Tui turned to look in a certain direction on Mars. At the same time, he completely understood the situation with the red fire slip.

It was hungry!

This guy's abilities were extremely limited when it was purely extremely weak. The 20% that

it had taken from Xu Tui over the years had only allowed it to recover a little. It was very, very

little.

This ball of four-origin power from the four Origin Palaces was a great tonic for it. It was truly a great tonic. It instantly recovered some of its strength. At the very least, the location gave Xu Tui a clear direction.

This position was actually on Mars! If the Fire Origin Universe was on Mars, would the Earth Origin Universe be on Saturn? Xu Tui's imagination ran wild, but he was moving at high speed. He was moving at high speed toward the location given to him by the red fire slip.

Half an hour later, he activated the eight layers of Vajra Barrier and resisted the high temperature. He slowly approached the magma deep in a cave on Mars. Then, he carefully sensed the location given by the red fire slip again. His expression changed.

This position was a little tricky!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1