Chapter 1967: For Others To See (2)

Chapter 1967: For Others to See (2)

"Actually, we've already used 90% of our strength. The other quasi-planets have little use in the battle now."

"Then..." Xu Yilong did not understand.

After some thought, Xu Zhijia suddenly took out a jade slip. He sank his mind power into it. In just a minute, he used the mind power book to form a secret letter. After applying a mind power seal, he handed it to Xu Yilong.

"Go to the Sacred Spiritual Planet for me and personally hand this letter to the Great Elder. The Great Elder will decide what to do," Xu Zhijia said.

Xu Yilong opened his mouth and wanted to say something, but in the end, he did not. He took the jade slip and bowed to Xu Zhijia. "Commander, I will quickly arrive at the Sacred Spiritual Planet through the cosmic tunnel. I estimate that this jade slip will appear in front of the Great Elder in an hour."

"Go quickly."

-

Almost at the same time, the commander-in-chief of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Lei, received a similar report. In terms of energy changes, the detection methods of the Great Xi Clan were more advanced and fast than those of the Spiritual Race.

Almost immediately after receiving a definite answer, Lu Lei gave the order to slow down the attack and reduce the casualties.

"Send an urgent report to Chief Executive Lu Qi. Tell him that the recovery speed of the defensive light screen in the small universe of the Heavenly Court has suddenly increased exponentially. The difficulty of breaking through has greatly increased.

"If we want to break through, please send reinforcements! He had to send at least 60 more Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts to have a chance of breaking through. Or, we needed more time. However, under the current circumstances, I haven't seen the possibility of breaking through the small universe of the Heavenly Court," Lu Lei said.

Among the three foreign races, only the Muyas had a weak attack on the Western Heavenly Gate because of their previous heavy losses. The reason for their continued attacks was to let more Muya slaves die so that they could collect more blood to condense the Blood Spiritual Pearls.

Therefore, the Muyas did not notice any energy changes in the defense light screen for the time being.

On the Atlan Planet of the Great Xi Clan, Chief Executive Lu Qi received a report immediately. He was the fastest to receive a report.

"Yin Bing, order Jin Ding to enter a battle-ready state. Immediately test the degree of energy depletion of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen and the current energy restoration changes. Get them to be prepared to rush into the solar system at any time." These Great Xi Clan's members with metal names were the top existences of the Great Xi Clan. They were also the most ancient statesmen.

"Understood."

"Xi Bing, how are the Spiritual Race and the Muyas?"

"I don't know at the moment."

"Use all your methods immediately. I need to know their latest movements," Lu Qi shouted.

"Sir, you know that it's extremely difficult for our race to plant spies. We can only bribe them. However, those who can be bribed have relatively low positions. It will take time to obtain this information," Xi Bing said.

"I know, but I need it as soon as possible, especially around the solar system's high- temperature fire screen. I don't want us to know nothing even though the Muyas and the Spiritual Race have already rushed into the solar system," Lu Qi shouted.

"I'll do it immediately."

...

In the Sacred Spiritual Planet, Great Elder Xu Yi personally received Xu Yilong. After reading Xu Zhijia's handwritten letter, Xu Yi fell into deep thought. He waved his hand and asked Xu Yilong to wait outside. Then, he called Xu Shifang over. "The first strategy has failed! Is the second expeditionary army ready?"

"It's ready. Huo Nan and Mu Sheng have already brought the army and are on standby at the edge of the high-temperature fire screen. They will send us a military report once a day. The military report sent yesterday said that the strength of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen was decreasing every day.

"According to yesterday's calculations, the current high-temperature fire screen of the solar system had been weakened by more than 30% compared to half a month ago. Based on the preliminary estimates, it was impossible for anyone below the Nine Satellites to pass through the high-temperature fire screen.

If they forced his way through, they would definitely turn into ashes.

"As for those above the Nine Satellites, they could pass. However, they would definitely be injured. The extent of their injuries was related to their speed and power stats. The faster they were, the less likely they would pass without any damage.

"The key now was that according to our previous experience, passing through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen was only the first level. It's very likely that it will trigger other defense methods in the solar system. The losses might not be small," Xu Shifang said.

Xu Yi did not ask further. There was a conclusion to this question. That was because they had experienced it back then. A hundred years ago, the Spiritual Race had paid a huge price to set up an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. More than 20 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts had died.

Moreover, this was under the influence of the Holy Ancestor. In the end, none of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm who passed through the high-temperature fire screen survived. However, someone successfully set up the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel before they died.

This was a lesson in blood and an experience in blood.

Therefore, Xu Yi was considering this now. This was something that the Spiritual Race had studied a long time ago.

There was no solution to the defense methods of the ancient Heavenly Court after passing through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen. This was something that they had set up with a great divine power a long time ago. Even time could not be easily changed. Whoever passed through first would be stabbed. They would definitely suffer heavy losses. In the end, the Spiritual Race's solution was to let someone else take the hit. It's better for you

to die than me.

In the entire universe, only the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan could take the hit.

"How's the situation between the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan?" Xu Yi asked.

"Great Elder, according to the report of the Shadow Clan's spies, the Great Xi Clan seems to be waiting too. However, there doesn't seem to be any movement from the Muyas."

"No movement?" Xu Yi frowned. "The Muyas have always been the vanguard of attacks. Why

is there no movement?"

"Perhaps the Muyas have not noticed the abnormality in the restoration rate of the defensive light screen. They suffered heavy losses yesterday, so the intensity of their attacks has greatly

decreased.

"Perhaps they think that there's still hope of breaking through the Heavenly Court, so they haven't activated Plan B for the time being." At this point, Xu Shifang suggested, "Great Elder, should we use the power of our race to let the Muyas quickly notice this situation

and..."

"Sure! But it's only limited to the battlefield. Tell the Shadow Division that they only needed to observe The situation inside the Muya Holy Temple and must not make any abnormal

movements.

"They could only observe what they could see. They could not take the initiative to obtain information. I want to confirm that the information this time is 100% safe," Xu Yi said. "Understood. Don't worry, Great Elder. I'll definitely arrange it."

"Also, order Xu Zhijia to continue to strengthen his attacks. Don't reduce the intensity of his

attacks.

"We need them to continuously consume the total amount of energy and defense in the entire solar system. We need them to consume more energy and restoration of the defensive light

screen of the small universe," Xu Yi ordered.

"Understood!"

...

Fifteen minutes later, on the Muya battlefield, a bishop in white accidentally discovered the change in the restoration of the energy strength of the Western Heavenly Gate. He reported it.

The purple-robed Bishop, Monet, was shocked. After confirming it on the spot, he rewarded the white-robed bishop heavily. Then, he immediately reported this discovery to the Pope, Her Highness Qiao An.

Of course, Monet did not even mention the bishop in white. The reason why he could discover this was entirely because he had set up his arrangements well. Regarding this, the Muya Pope, Qiao An, was very calm. She only gave a direct order, "Order the purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon, to implement the third strategic plan in six hours. At the same time, order the army to expedition the elites to the edge of the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system and prepare to advance." The purple-robed Bishop, Gris, who was serving Pope Qiao An, frowned slightly and bowed when he heard this. "Your Highness, why is it the third strategic plan and not the second strategic plan? I remember that these two plans are completely different, right?" "Why?" Pope Qiao An smiled and said, "Because the third strategic plan is for others to see."

Stunned, Gris understood what Qiao An meant. He said in shock, "Your Holiness, there

shouldn't be a spy in our religion, right?"

"Does it matter? What's important is that our neighbors hope and are waiting for us to be the

first to cross the solar system's high-temperature fire screen! Execute it."

"Understood. I'll send the order immediately!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1