Chapter 1960: Super Key (1)

Chapter 1960: Super Key (1)

After receiving Wei Bin's urgent report, Xu Tui immediately rushed to the Eastern Heavenly Gate gate, which was the most critical situation.

The Spiritual Race army was attacking the Eastern Heavenly Gate. In just a few days, the Spiritual Race had already reached four kilometers away from the Eastern Heavenly Gate.

From this point of view, the Spiritual Race was extremely familiar with the defensive mechanisms inside the Heavenly Court's guards. Moreover, the Spiritual Race's battle techniques were even sharper.

At this moment, the 100-odd Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race, along with thousands of Planetary realm experts above the Six Satellites, were constantly bombarding the defensive light screen of the Eastern Heavenly Gate City under the cover of the fortress-like war shield.

The situation at the scene was that the Spiritual Race could continuously attack the Eastern Heavenly Gate's city pass, but the garrison of the Eastern Heavenly Gate could not cause any effective damage to the Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui already understood the entire military configuration of the Spiritual Race. However, knowing was useless.

The Spiritual Race's strategy was simply direct. Even if all the elites were pressed forward, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm would lead the way. They would lead more than 10,000 Planetary realm elites and stand at the front.

The quasi-planetary and Transmutation Realm experts of the Spiritual Race acted as engineers and human flesh. They continuously replenished and built the five-colored tower to gather energy.

"Lieutenant Wei, does the general staff have a plan for the Spiritual Race's battle tactics? Also, have you tried to focus fire?" Xu Tui asked.

Xu Tui's so-called full focus fire referred to all the energy arrays of the Eastern Heavenly Gate. They were all focused on a fortress-like war shield.

"Commander, the general staff doesn't have an effective plan for the time being. We've tried to focus fire once before," Wei Bin said.

"Battle results?"

"On the Eastern Heavenly Gate City, the nine commanders used their maximum military strength to set up nine energy concentration phalanxes. Then, the nine energy phalanxes focused on the nearest fortress-like war shield.

"In the end, they blasted a ten-meter-square hole in the fortress-like War Shield, causing very few casualties to the Spiritual Race. Within three minutes, the Spiritual Race changed into a new fortress-like war shield. As for our commanders, it will take at least ten minutes to accumulate energy," Wei Bin said.

"Why do I feel that the Spiritual Race's battle technique is specifically targeted at the guards of the Heavenly Court?" Xu Tui said.

"That's the case."

"Is there no solution?"

"There is."

"Speak!"

"More than two great commanders of the Heavenly Court or a Heavenly Gate Marshal. A great commander can build an energy array of 50,000 people. Moreover, the range of the energy array can reach outside the city pass.

"In other words, some of the soldiers at the back of the city pass could also be included in the great commander's energy array. A Heavenly King was even more powerful. A Heavenly King of the Heavenly Gate City Pass could directly form an energy array with an army of 360,000 and attack with all his might. Unfortunately..." Wei Bin said.

"What about our firearms and energy weapons?" Xu Tui asked.

"It's not very useful! Moreover, if we remove the defensive light screen, the Eastern Heavenly Gate city pass will probably fall in an instant. As long as the defense light screen disappears, the 100-odd Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race at the frontline can all surge into the Eastern Heavenly Gate in a second. No one can stop them." Wei Bin smiled bitterly.

He then added, "The commander of the Spiritual Race, Xu Zhijia, has a very high level of command. Up until now, we have not discovered any flaws.

"Even if we invested all the power of the Southern Heavenly Gate, a portion of the power of the Western Heavenly Gate, and the power of the Blue Star humans, we would not be able to stop the Spiritual Race from breaking through. Unless!"

"Unless what?"

"Unless there are more than 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realm members of the Blue Star."

Xu Tui: "..."

Xu Tui looked at the Spiritual Race army slowly advancing below the city pass. He had a headache. Previously, he had led the Blue Star Expeditionary Force to kill everyone in the Spiritual Race's Star Field and had never lost. At that time, he felt that the Spiritual Race was not much.

But now, the Spiritual Race has taught him a deep lesson.

He did not know where to start. If he brought people to harass the rear, it was useless to go over alone. As for the frontline, even if the Blue Star's forces charged out, it would not be enough to swallow the Spiritual Race's Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

"How long will it take for the Spiritual Race to break through the Eastern Heavenly Gate?" Xu Tui said coldly after taking a deep breath.

"Commander, Pangu and Ah Huang have given a very intuitive data model based on the observation data over the past few days and the changes and recovery speed of the energy defense screens of the various Heavenly Gates.

"Currently, there are still 48 points of defense light screen left in the Eastern Heavenly Gate. The attack strength of the Spiritual Race is about 20 points a day, and the recovery speed of the defense light screen is about 8 points a day," Wei Bin reported.

"Three days? At this rate, the Spiritual Race will be able to break through the Eastern

Heavenly Gate in three days at most?" Xu Tui frowned.

"That's the theory! If the Muyas recover their high-intensity siege within these three days, they will be breached even faster," Wei Bin said.

"Let's go and take a look at the Northern Heavenly Gate," Xu Tui said after taking a deep breath.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui appeared above the Northern Heavenly Gate. Similarly, the Great Xi Clan had also pushed their quark particle energy center within five kilometers. However, the difference was that the Great Xi Clan's siege was not as undamaged as the Spiritual Race's.

At every moment, low-level Great Xi Clan's warriors were blasted into ashes. The guards of the Heavenly Court were not to be trifled with.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1