Chapter 1965: Survival (3)

Chapter 1965: Survival (3)

It seemed that the Fire Origin Universe had been activated, and the red fire slip had also changed. The fastest feedback was from the Fire Origin Palace on Ceres Star and Mars. The temperature of the magma and underground energy channels on Mars began to increase at the same time.

In just ten minutes, the aura of Mars began to increase. Under normal circumstances, this was nothing. However, Mars was a planetary base developed and built by the Blue Star Humans. If the temperature continued to rise, it would bring catastrophic damage to these planetary bases. The speed at which it rose was not particularly fast. However, it still caused the alarms on Mars to ring.

In the Fire Origin Palace, the concentration of fire energy in the Fire Origin Palace had more than doubled in an instant. The temperature had also increased by ten degrees. Many Transmutation Realms and quasi-planetary experts who were cultivating here were injured on the spot.

The sudden increase in energy impacted them, who were cultivating, causing many people to vomit blood on the spot.

It was chaos. However, in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Wei Bin was overwrought. As he commanded the guards of the Heavenly Court and the Blue Star elites to make their last efforts to defend the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the more they could guard it for an hour, the higher the completion rate of the fourth Iron Blood Plan.

Not only was the Fourth Iron Blood Plan complicated, but it also used a lot of manpower and resources. Many of the orders were directed at the Blue Star.

The extra-terrestrial outside the Blue Star had been carrying out military orders for the past few years. They were iron-blooded military orders. There was no need to think about why the orders were given. They only needed to carry them out.

However, it was different when it involved the Blue Star. The resistance to implementation was greater than he had imagined.

Wei Bin was already prepared to send interstellar warriors back to the Blue Star. The Fourth Iron Blood Plan had to be implemented firmly. Only then would the Blue Star have hope. At the same time, another staff officer suddenly reported, "General Wei, there's a strange phenomenon."

"Don't waste my time!" Wei Bin waved his hand impatiently. However, as a professional Command Officer, he still asked Wei Bin to command, "Get to the point." He was a professional command officer. He had to grasp the key points and not let go of any clues that might turn the tables.

"Lieutenant Wei, I don't know why, but the energy recovery speed of the defensive light screen of the four Heavenly Gates has increased at the same time," the combat staff said.

Wei Bin was stunned. He suddenly put down the pen in his hand. "How much?"

"According to the data model I made previously, the recovery speed was 8 previously. Now, it's 9. It's still improving. It's already 10, 11. It's almost 12. Lieutenant Wei." The combat staff also realized something and became excited.

"Origin energy concentration. I want the energy concentration of the small universe of the Heavenly Court," Wei Bin shouted anxiously.

"General Wei, the energy concentration in the Heavenly Court's small universe has already begun to rise. Previously, it reached the lowest of nine. Now, it has recovered to 9.7. It's still recovering."

"Good, good!" Wei Bin rubbed his hands excitedly.

In just ten minutes, the energy recovery speed of the defense light screen had increased to 15. In the previous data model, the defensive light screen of the Heavenly Gate City Gate was only 48. The Spiritual Race's attack consumption was 20 a day, and their restoration was 8.

It would definitely be broken in three days. However, at the current recovery speed, they would not be able to break through in seven to eight days, let alone three days.

Seven to eight days was more than enough time for Wei Bin to implement the Iron Blood Plan. Most importantly, the energy concentration in the Heavenly Court's small universe and the recovery speed of the defensive light screen of the four Heavenly Gates were still recovering. Wei Bin could not hide the excitement on his face. He had escaped death. He had really escaped death. "Contact the regiment commander immediately."

"Report, I can't contact the regiment commander for the time being."

Wei Bin was stunned. "Ah Huang, Ah Huang, where is the regiment commander? You should know, right?"

Ah Huang's voice sounded. "Commander entered a magma on Mars and brought one of my clones with him. However, I've also lost contact with my clone."

"Lost contact?" Wei Bin's expression became extremely solemn. "Tell me, what did the regiment commander do?"

"I don't know."

"Then does the regiment commander have any instructions?"

"This is not top-secret. I can tell you! The regiment commander said that if he doesn't return in a day, I'll send out his will," Ah Huang said.

A will! Wei Bin's face turned pale. He instantly understood that the changes in the small universe of the Heavenly Court were most likely related to Commander Xu Tui. But he did not know how Xu Tui was doing.

As a professional commander, Wei Bin understood that what he needed to do now was not to worry about Xu Tui's safety.

Instead, according to the changes in the current situation, he would adjust his strategic tactics in the shortest time possible, so that it would be suitable for the current changes and maximize the benefits of the Blue Star humans.

"Let me know immediately if there's an update from the regiment commander." With that, Wei Bin began to readjust his tactics and strategies.

Time had become very generous.

A series of changes also occurred on the three battlefields where the expeditionary forces of the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan were.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1