Chapter 1963: Survival (1)

Chapter 1963: Survival (1)

Xu Tui stepped on the flying sword and stood in the air. Ten meters below was rolling magma. Even with the eight layers of Vajra Barrier, the heat wave still assaulted him.

What was worse was that the surging heatwave was constantly wearing down the eight layers of Vajra Barrier that Xu Tui used to defend himself. Every five seconds, one layer of Vajra Barrier would be destroyed and he would have to replenish it.

This was even if he was ten meters away. He estimated that his eight layers of Vajra Barrier would only last for a second and a half if he rushed into the magma. He did not know if the Time Deceleration Force Field was useful in the magma, but he was certain that he would be able to survive for four to five seconds if he rushed into the magma. It might even be shorter.

The location given by the red fire slip became clearer. That location might be the entrance to the small universe of the sea of fire, 15 meters deep into the magma below. It was extremely fraudulent!

If this was a small universe of fire, Xu Tui could only enter 15 meters into the magma. If not, then...

What was worse was what was in the Sea of Fire. Would it be a sea of fire? It was unknown if Xu Tui would be incinerated into ashes if he entered. It would be even more troublesome if it was not a small universe of fire below. The danger was completely unknown.

It would be better if it was a small universe of fire. He would have more chances of survival. Of course, Xu Tui was not reckless. Overall, the possibility of this being the entrance to the Sea of Fire was higher.

Unfortunately, Little Six could not give Xu Tui much support. This was because he had never entered the Fire Origin Small Universe. He naturally did not know what the interior of the Fire Origin Universe looked like. He did not know if it was dangerous.

Xu Tui thought about it and retreated. He was not afraid. Instead, Xu Tui felt that he had to prepare something. It was better to be prepared. If anything really happened, he still had a chance of escaping if he prepared.

For example, there were a few Origin Crystal powders planted with the mental magnetic pillar on the mountain wall. If there was any danger, Xu Tui would be able to teleport out in the shortest time possible.

He would have a chance to escape in less than a second.

"Lieutenant Wei, inform the people on Mars to prepare five state-of-the-art fireproof armors for me in the shortest time possible." Xu Tui did not act recklessly in the end. The power of technology could be relied on.

The current fire-resistant armor could withstand a high temperature of 1,700 degrees. However, this referred to pure high temperatures. Wearing it in liquid-like magma would definitely not last long, and he had never done similar experiments.

"Commander, your position."

"Mars!" Xu Tui sent a location.

"Please wait a moment."

Just 20 minutes later, an Aerospace Combat Jet landed nearby with a roar and lowered five state-of-the-art fire-resistant armors. The four Blue Star interstellar warriors who had come to deliver the armor saluted Xu Tui when they saw him appear.

"Thank you for your hard work. You guys can go back."

Xu Tui put on his fireproof armor after saluting again. He realized that the fire-resistant armor did not hinder his teleportation ability. But he was still not in a hurry to rush into the magma.

Instead, he modified the three wills he had written during the expedition to the Spiritual Race's Star Field, especially the subsequent matters of the Blue Star. He gave them a new explanation based on the current situation.

There were not many changes to the will he gave his parents and An Xiaoxue.

"Ah Huang, if I don't return, send out my will a day later," Xu Tui said softly.

"Actually, you can get someone else to try it out." Ah Huang gave Xu Tui a very bad suggestion.

"Asking others to tempt fate? Although I think that I'm quite important to the Blue Star now, I can't ask others to tempt fate in my place." At this point, Xu Tui paused. "Moreover, this might be our last hope. I can only not regret it if I work hard with all my might. Also, if I die, ask Xiaoxue to announce my cultivation notebook," Xu Tui ordered calmly.

"As a super quantum intelligence, I will faithfully carry out your orders! However, as a humanoid intelligence, I feel that what you are doing is very stupid! You should get someone else," Ah Huang said.

"Therefore, you are only humanoid, not human!"

Ah Huang was speechless.

In the next moment, Xu Tui's mind power suddenly probed ten meters into the magma. He wanted to teleport in. But the teleportation failed. It seemed that magma was like water. Teleportation could not be moved into substances that really existed.

"I can only jump."

Plop! Magma flowers splattered out as if in slow motion. Xu Tui jumped into the magma. The consumption of the Vajra Set in the magma was very fast. In less than half a second, one was destroyed.

However, Xu Tui realized that the magma was f*cking different. He would sink if he fell into the water. The magma sank very slowly. Xu Tui would have been incinerated into ashes if he had relied on this speed to get close to his target.

This was his first time jumping into magma. But then again, who would be willing to jump into magma if they were not forced by life?

Xu Tui did not care about the consumption. He used his mind power to pave the way and brought himself forward.

It was already five seconds later when he arrived at a range of 15 meters below the magma. The eight layers of the Vajra Set, including the three layers that were supplemented later, had all been destroyed.

Only the fireproof armor was left around him. However, Xu Tui saw a vortex-shaped Fire Eye that was emitting high temperatures.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1