Chapter 1973: Nine Luminaries Guardian And Wiped Out (2)

Chapter 1973: Nine Luminaries Guardian and Wiped Out (2)

"Ah Huang, send the miniature of the abnormality from before to the regiment commander immediately. Report the abnormality you discovered to the regiment commander." At this moment, Wei Bin was standing outside the temporary command center in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

A strange phenomenon also appeared in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. It seemed to be projected from an inconspicuous Star Official Holy Temple.

This Star Official Holy Temple was called the Thousand Eye Holy Temple. The Thousand Eye Holy Temple was like a huge mirror at this moment. An image appeared in the sky above the small universe of the Heavenly Court. It could be seen in the Purple Cloud Saint Realm.

The temporary command center happened to be set up in the Purple Cloud Saint Realm for safety. On the projection screen, there was a circle of burning flames. Light balls kept rushing out of the fire wall.

Then, in the distant sky, the sun flashed. With every flash of the sun, a ball of light would be severely injured or even turn into ashes on the spot.

Wei Bin had already realized something.

Xu Tui, who had received lots of images through his mind by Ah Huang in a short period of time, felt a slight swelling pain in his head. But the advantage was that he understood all the changes in an instant.

This included the changes to the Heavenly Court's small universe after he entered the Fire Origin Universe, as well as the current abnormalities.

The Solar System High-Temperature Fire Screen! The moment he entered the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Xu Tui's Longevity Emperor Seal immediately took effect. Without the other rulers, his Longevity Emperor Seal could temporarily control the Heavenly Court's Star Officials, excluding the Heavenly Court guards.

Military power could not be touched anywhere.

As a result, Xu Tui instantly mobilized the power of the Thousand Eye Holy Temple. In an instant, a seal flew out of the Thousand Eye Holy Temple and landed in Xu Tui's hand.

Divine Lord Thousand Eye. He was one of the low-level Star Officials of the Heavenly Court. His main job was to assist the ancient Heavenly Court in monitoring the universe.

Xu Tui did not refine the Divine Lord Thousand Eye's seal after he understood the situation. It was mainly because the Divine Lord Thousand Eye's seal was suitable to stay in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. It was more useful.

With the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole around, even if he did not refine it 100%, Xu Tui activated his mind power and the Divine Lord Thousand Eye's seal instantly projected the scene here more clearly.

Someone rushed out of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen. It was the Spiritual Race. Currently, they are resisting the attacks of the Sun Guardian together. According to the image that Wei Bin and the others had seen at the beginning, there were a total of 36 Spiritual Race members who rushed out.

Now, there were still 24 people left.

Under the lead of a few people, these 24 people formed a group to resist the attacks of the Sun Guardian. More importantly, Xu Tui could sense that the counterattack of the Sun Guardian was weaker than the previous attack.

Although the frequency did not decrease, at this rate, many of the 24 people would probably survive. From the intensity of his attacks, they were at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

These people should all be at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. Had the Spiritual Race begun to send a large number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts to forcefully pass through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen? Could the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system be forcefully passed through by the Nine Satellites Planetary realm?

A terrifying thought instantly flashed through Xu Tui's mind. If the Spiritual Race's Nine Satellites Planetary realm could pass through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen, would the Muyas' Nine Satellites Planetary realm also be able to pass through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen?

If that was the case...

Xu Tui instantly broke out in a cold sweat.

A large number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts had barged in. As long as more than a dozen of them joined forces, they would be able to flatten the Blue Star. That would be... extermination!

Sun Guardian! What else did the ancient Heavenly Court have other than the Sun Guardian?

Xu Tui looked at the radiant Star Lord Sunlight's Residence in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. It seemed to be responding to the sun. The sun was one of the Nine Luminaries.

Xu Tui frowned. Since there's a Sun Guardian, were there any other Guardians? Or did it need to be activated? Or...

"Little Six, do you know about the Nine Luminaries Guardians?"

"I know. The Nine Luminaries have the responsibility of guarding the earth and suppressing the region. The Nine Luminaries Star was actually deliberately made into this when it was re- refined into earth, water, wind, and fire last time. It is the strongest Guardian in the solar system," Little Six said.

"How do I use it?" Xu Tui asked.

"This... I don't know..."

"You-" Xu Tui did not waste his breath. Currently, he only has two seals in his hands. One was the Qu Qingshan's Huo Yao Star Seal, and the other was the Tu Yao Star Seal in Cai Shaochu's hand. He could not find a single other Nine Luminaries Star Seal.

Xu Tui immediately made arrangements.

Almost at the same time, Shang Long's voice entered Xu Tui's communication device.

"Xu Tui, I'm already in the Western Jinde's Star Lord Taibai Prefecture. The Western Jinde mainly focuses on killing, but it can't use ultra-long-range attacks. I'm prepared to go to the moon," Shang Long said.

"Mr. Shang, why are you going to the moon?" Xu Tui was puzzled.

"I sensed in the Taibai Star Lord's Mansion that the Moon is also the Yue Yao Star. It is also controlled by the Taibai Star Lord. The Yue Yao Star has the rule of guarding the earth. I should be able to activate the Moon Luminary Guardian. At the very least, in the worst case, I can defend the moon and buy you time!" Shang Long said.

"Alright."

Xu Tui thought about it and agreed. The Moon was the last line of defense of the Blue Star. An expert had to guard it. He could not let any of them slip through the net into the Blue Star.

The retreat of the Blue Star required time!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1