Chapter 1970: The Reappearance Of The Solar System Guardian (2)

Chapter 1970: The Reappearance of the Solar System Guardian (2)

"Great Elder, the Shadow Sect's elders have sent a message. The Muyas have successfully transmigrated through the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system. We don't know how many of the 30 Nine Satellites survived. However, the Muyas have already used the Book of Enlightenment to build a holy power teleportation channel. Should we take action?" Xu Shifeng asked for instructions.

"How long has it been?"

"The first team of the Muyas transmigrated 40 minutes ago. The third team transmigrated 15 minutes ago," Xu Shifang said.

"Shifang, are there any remaining detection methods in the solar system?" Xu Yi asked.

Xu Shifang was stunned. "No! Shui Zhi and Chi Jing have been completely killed by the Blue Star humans. We won't be able to know the changes in the solar system in a short period of time. Great Elder, are you worried..."

"I'm worried that the Muyas will play tricks! The first batch of Nine Satellites to rush into the solar system will definitely suffer a powerful counterattack from the protection forces of the solar system. Although the Muyas are barbaric, they are not stupid!" Xu Yi said.

"Then... Why don't we wait for the Great Xi Clan? If these two races have all entered, they can't be playing tricks, right?"

"If that's the case, we will lose the initiative! We don't need much of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm with the current strength of the Blue Star. Ten to 20 of them would be able to sweep through the Blue Star," Xu Yi said.

Xu Shifang fell silent. He did not dare to make such a decision at such a critical moment. If anything really happened, he would not be able to escape even if he was the trusted aide of the Great Elder.

In the Sanctuary, Great Elder Xu Yi was also hesitating. Suspicion was his personality, or rather, the instinct of many people in power. Of course, being suspicious was only one of his characteristics. Decisiveness was also one of his characteristics.

After thinking for only three minutes, Great Elder Xu Yi made a decision.

"This opportunity can't be missed. Shifang, let them take action," Great Elder Xu Yi said.

"Understood. Four teams of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm have been prepared. According to the plan, they will transmigrate through the High-Temperature Fire Screen at the same time. The 40 Nine Satellites will also disperse the strength of the counterattack of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen in a short period of time if they transmigrate at the same time," Xu Shifang said.

Xu Yi nodded gently and suddenly said, "When are Huo Nan and Mu Sheng going to pass through?"

"The two main elders plan to transmigrate through the Solar System High-Temperature Fire Screen after the first batch fails, or rather, after establishing a multi-person teleportation channel," Xu Shifang said.

Xu Yi's expression darkened. "The two of them were the ones who destroyed the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel between the solar system and us. It was also their incompetence that the Blue Star Expeditionary Force caused chaos and destroyed more than a dozen of our planets, and they even disappeared without a trace.

"It even caused the Holy Ancestor to reprimand me. Tell them to make amends. They'll bring the expeditionary army through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen with the smallest loss and establish a multi-person quantum teleportation channel. They would still be the main elders then. If they suffered a huge loss, the Holy Ancestor would deal with them even without me dealing with them. If 40 Nine Satellites really suffer too many losses, it will be a heavy blow to our Spiritual Race."

"Understood. I'll pass on your orders immediately."

"It's not just them. It's also their confidential chiefs. Let them go together! A Nebula Realm expert is more or less useful," Xu Yi said.

"Understood."

In the cosmic tunnel, Huo Nan, Mu Sheng, and their confidential chiefs, Mu Zhengyue, as well as Huo Lingxiao, who had just received the order of the Great Elder, Xu Yi, had ugly expressions.

This was especially so for the two confidential chiefs. There was a hint of fear in their eyes. Mu Zhengyue was fine. He was at the peak of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. However, Huo Lingxiao was really frightened. They had some understanding of the counterattack of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen. Or rather, they had already figured out some experience within the Spiritual Race.

They would definitely target the strongest first.

The Guardian's many methods in the solar system were like a detection radar. The strongest attack would attack the person with the strongest cultivation aura.

It was not difficult for a Nebulan Realm expert to pass through the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system in the current situation. However, it was difficult to pass through the counterattack of the Solar System Guardian.

Under such circumstances, the probability of his death was too high. Although he still had two main elders above him, the assets that the two main elders used to save their lives were on a completely different level from his.

For a moment, Huo Lingxiao looked as if he had lost his parents. He even felt a little despair. Simply put, letting him participate in the battle was to prepare to sacrifice him to fulfill the wishes of others.

"Brother Huo, I can reveal a piece of news to you. There are already 30 Nine Satellites from the Muyas who successfully transmigrated through the solar system's High-Temperature Fire Screen 40 minutes ago. They have already begun to prepare the holy power channel." Seeing that Huo Lingxiao had started to write a will, Xu Shifang revealed this to him.

Huo Lingxiao was overjoyed. "Really?"

"Would I lie to you about such a thing? Do you think the Great Elder asked you to tempt fate? He's asking you to make a contribution," Xu Shifang said.

In an instant, Huo Lingxiao felt relieved. "Thank you for your reminder, Brother Xu. If I don't die and return this time, I will definitely repay you!"

"You flatter me!" Xu Shifang smiled and cupped his hands.

Due to the temporary addition of people, the Spiritual Race's expeditionary army spent another half an hour preparing. The two main elders and the confidentiality chiefs were also participating. They had no problems with their battle preparations, but there were many things that they had to explain.

After all, they had to leave for a period of time. Not to mention their official business, they had to make arrangements for their private planet and family as well.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1