Chapter 1978: Good News And Blade (1)

Chapter 1978: Good News and Blade (1)

While he asked Qu Qingshan, Cai Shaochu, and Shang Long to stop, Xu Tui once again confirmed the attack range and rules of the Nine Luminaries Guardians.

This confirmation was mainly through the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole and the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord Seal. At the same time, he asked Qu Qingshan and Cai Shaochu to sense and communicate with their own Star Suppression Seal.

At this moment, the Nine Luminaries Guardians looked invincible. However, there were actually rules.

The Nine Luminaries Guardians and the Thousand Eye Holy Temple came to help. The Thousand Eye Holy Temple was a little like the accurate guidance radar of the Nine Luminaries Guardian. As long as it was within the range of the Thousand Eye Divine Lord's seal, the Nine Luminaries Guardians could instantly attack.

During the normal operation of the ancient Heavenly Court, the monitoring range of the Thousand Eye Temple could basically cover the entire ruling area of the ancient Heavenly Court through the nodes of the stars.

But the ancient Heavenly Court had collapsed and they had lost contact with many of the Heavenly Cycle Star Nodes, the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's Seal could only monitor a limited area, a portion of the solar system, and the surroundings of the high-temperature fire screen.

The areas within the solar system where the stars existed could be monitored. For example, the area around the Nine Luminaries Star that was still considered normal.

For those lifeless star halls like the Jinyao Star, Jidu Star, Luohou Star, and so on, it could no longer monitor their surroundings. The surroundings of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen were deliberately set up by the ancient Heavenly Court back then, so they could still monitor the surroundings.

Xu Tui also understood the attacking rules of the Nine Luminaries Guardians through everyone's feedback and observations.

Among the Nine Luminaries Guardians, the strongest was the Sun Guardian. At the very least, the Sun Guardian could directly extract the energy of the Fire Origin Universe, but there was a certain trigger rule.

The other Nine Luminaries Guardians could not. However, the Sun Guardian's attacks would become weaker and weaker without extracting the energy of the Fire Origin Universe. The other Nine Luminaries Guardians did not have a situation where their attacks were weaker than theirs, but there was a total limit.

In the various Nine Luminaries Star Lord Halls, the star phantom they sensed was the product of communication between the Nine Luminaries Guardians and the corresponding planet. It could also basically display the strength of the energy.

Up until now, Xu Tui and the others had tested it many times and realized that the energy of the Nine Luminaries Guardians, which was the energy in the star phantom that they had used the seal to communicate with, could not be replenished by conventional methods. They could not replenish their energy themselves. It was very likely that this was the energy accumulated by the planet itself.

Xu Tui immediately ordered the Mars and Moon in the hands of the Blue Star humans to undergo the relevant tests.

For example, asking the Blue Star humans on Mars and the moon to stop cultivating and take the initiative to turn a large number of Origin Crystals into Origin Energy and spread them in all directions.

However, the conclusion was that these actions had little effect on the restoration of the Nine Luminaries' Guardian Energy. The amount of energy that the Nine Luminaries Guardian could use should have some kind of different mechanism. It might be related to the planet's earth vein.

The best thing to recover their energy was the passage of time. This could also roughly explain why Qu Qingshan's total number of attacks of the Fire Guardian was clearly lower than others.

This was because over the past few decades, the humans of the Blue Star had been constantly developing and absorbing the power of the earth vein on Mars-the underground energy channel.

After understanding these rules, Xu Tui ordered the other Planetary realm experts on the Blue Star who had seals to enter the Nine Luminaries Guardian Star Lord Hall that could operate normally to see if it could be enhanced.

There was still one question that Xu Tui did not understand. Was the Nine Luminaries Guardian the strongest on the planet? Or was it the strongest in the Nine Luminaries Star Lord Hall?

Shang Long was currently on the moon. Qu Qingshan and Cai Shaochu were in their respective Star Lord Halls. They did not have any more information for the time being. He could only take advantage of this precious time to continuously test and strive to employ limited resources where they needed most.

Where should he attack? Who should he attack for the sake of it? This was also a key point that Xu Tui had thought of just now.

Currently, Qu Qingshan's Fire Guardian has already been turned off. Its recovery speed was extremely slow. Cai Shaochu still had two Earth Guardian's attacks and Shang Long's Moon Guardian still had five attacks.

Xu Tui had used the two Great Emperor Seals to activate the Wood and Water Guardians respectively. There were still seven times left. He did not know why. It was most likely because the Blue Star humans had not stepped foot into the development of Jupiter and Mercury.

But why was the number of attacks for the Moon Guardian on the moon so high? For the time being, the reason was unknown.

Under such circumstances, the attacks of the Nine Luminaries Guardians were extremely limited. Excluding the blazing sun, there were only 21 attacks in total. Based on his previous performance, he might not be able to kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm with one strike. On the other hand, the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan had passed through the high-temperature fire screen. A lot of the Nine Satellites Planetary realms had entered.

Through the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's seal, he observed that there were 16 survivors of the Spiritual Race, 19 survivors of the Great Xi Clan, and 18 survivors of the Muyas. There were more than 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realms. They could not even kill half of them with the Nine Luminaries Guardians.

After the Nine Luminaries Guardians were depleted of energy, the Blue Star would be completely silenced in a short period of time. They could only allow the Nine Satellites Planetary realms from the three races to wreak havoc in the solar system.

In three to five years, they would definitely be able to reach the Moon and the Blue Star. But then again, this was excluding the threat of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, if the small universe of the Heavenly Court was not broken.

Could a certain race sweep through the Blue Star with about 15 Planetary realm experts?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1