Chapter 1971: The Reappearance Of The Solar System Guardian (3)

Chapter 1971: The Reappearance of the Solar System Guardian (3)

"It's about time." Huo Nan and Mu Sheng, who had been preparing for more than half an hour, arrived in front of Xu Shifang at the same time.

"Then prepare to pass through! I wish the two elders success in advance!" Xu Shifang said.

Huo Nan and Mu Sheng nodded but did not say anything. The reason why the two of them agreed to take the lead in passing through the high-temperature fire screen was that not only did they see the risk, but they also saw an opportunity.

If they could really make a great contribution in the process of occupying the solar system, the two of them would definitely be able to obtain the Holy Ancestor's reward. They might even have hope for being the Great Elder!

"Ready! Augment!" Following Xu Shifang's shout, a light of the same frequency shot out of the five-colored tower, Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, and Earth, enveloping everyone. In just a minute, they had put on a layer of Five Elements Spiritual Armor for Huo Nan and the others. This Five Elements Spiritual Armor had powerful defense and was extremely light. It could be considered as giving them a chance to live.

"Let's go!" Xu Shifang roared. Huo Nan, Mu Sheng, Mu Zhengyue, Huo Lingxiao, and the others brought the 40 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts and turned into 44 streams of light. They were like meteors as they charged into the solar system's high-temperature fire

screen.

This moment, according to the Blue Star Calendar, was 0900 hours on February 16, 2142.

The 44 top experts of the Spiritual Race rushed into the fire screen of the solar system.

In an instant, the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system fluctuated violently. It was as if waves were born from the angry sea. Countless flames of various colors appeared out of thin air. All of them were like fire dragons as they attacked the 44 spots of light.

The first to shatter was the five-colored spiritual armor on their bodies. However, the five- colored spiritual armor was also powerful enough to allow them to last more than 0.1 seconds. They threw out all kinds of life-saving lights. Some people were screaming in pain, while others disappeared silently.

This moment was purely based on luck. Even the Nine Satellites would definitely die if they were surrounded by two to three fire dragons at the same time. Some people's bodies were burned, but their mental bodies were still charging forward. As long as the mental body rushed out of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen, it could still survive.

According to their estimates, they would be able to cross the high-temperature fire screen in two seconds at most. The usual two seconds passed in the blink of an eye. But now, every second felt like a year!

With every moment, spots of light collapsed and disappeared. The first to rush out of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen were Huo Nan and Huo Lingxiao.

They were fire-type supernatural beings, so the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system did not cause much damage to them. Compared to others, it was easier for them to pass through.

But it was not that easy in the specific situation.

The armor on the bodies of Huo Nan and Huo Lingxiao had already been completely incinerated. The protective supernatural power had long been shattered. Huo Lingxiao seemed to have passed through the high temperature, and the skin that was exposed had already turned to charcoal.

However, his powerful vitality allowed him to quickly recover. It was only because the high- temperature fire screen of the solar system had been greatly weakened recently. Otherwise, one of them would definitely die if they wanted to pass through.

However, the moment he completely passed through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen, the figure of the third main seat elder, Huo Nan, was slightly slower. This way, the first Nebula Realm Spirit to pass through the high-temperature fire screen would become Huo Lingxiao.

The moment he passed through, an inexplicable aura locked onto Huo Lingxiao. However, he did not notice it. As Huo Nan passed through, the other Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts also began to pass through.

One, two...

At the same time, the sun hanging high in the solar system suddenly flashed and became extremely glaring.

Huo Lingxiao suddenly felt a sense of fear. When he turned around, he saw a red light instantly blast towards him. When he saw it, it had already hit him. His body and mental body

instantly melted like snow. "Thief Xu... Damn..."

Huo Lingxiao turned into ashes on the spot.

Almost at the same time, abnormalities happened in the Fire Origin Universe and the

Heavenly Court.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1