Chapter 1977: The Charge Of Three Races (3)

Chapter 1977: The Charge of Three Races (3)

It should be the ball of light from Jupiter that could trigger the Wood Guardian.

"Everyone, follow me to focus fire on the Spiritual Race!"

Xu Tui gave the order in the communication channel. He stared at the image projected by the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's seal. He activated the attacks of the two Guardians, Water and Wood, and slashed toward the Spiritual Race at the same time.

At the same time, attacks also slashed over from Fire, Earth, and Moon. The Sun Guardian sensed something and sent an attack over. They focus their fire.

Boom! At the edge of the high-temperature fire screen, Huo Nan's expression suddenly changed drastically. The aura of the six Guardians of the Nine Luminaries blasted out at the same time.

With just one attack, the Fire Flag Spiritual Treasure bestowed by the Holy Ancestor, which had just recovered 40% of its energy, shattered. Huo Nan, who had activated it with all his might, spat out blood.

Xu Tui's cold voice rang out again. "Again!"

The six Guardians blasted out again. Xu Tui activated the Water Guardian and slashed toward Huo Nan. However, Huo Nan was extremely cunning. The moment the Flag Spiritual Treasure shattered, he hid behind a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. Xu Tui only activated the power of the Water Guardian and killed this Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

"Spread out and escape!" Mu Sheng roared and turned into a stream of light to escape into the depths of the solar system.

Under such circumstances, splitting up and escaping was the best choice. It depended on luck that someone would survive in the end. If they gathered together, they would be targets. They would only be wiped out.

In an instant, the remaining 16 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts dispersed and fled into the depths of the solar system.

"How many more times can you activate the Nine Luminaries Guardian?" Xu Tui suddenly asked.

"Eleven times." This was Cai Shaochu's answer.

"Fourteen times," was Shang Long's answer.

"Eight times." This was Qu Qingshan's answer.

That's right. Such a Nine Luminaries Guardian did not have infinite methods of activating it to kill enemies from afar. Xu Tui had just activated the Nine Luminaries Guardians twice in a row and could already sense it.

There was a limit to the number of times he could do it. It should be that every time it was activated, it would consume the energy accumulated by the Nine Luminaries Star. After it was exhausted, the Nine Luminaries Guardian would be crippled in a short period of time.

"We have to kill the leader of the Spiritual Race. It's very likely that he has a quantum teleportation channel on him. Let's deal with the other two waves first. We'll deal with him after we lock onto his location."

Xu Tui had already roughly understood from the feedback from the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's seal that the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's seal could monitor the heavens in the past. However, its power has greatly decreased now. It could only monitor the surroundings of the high-temperature fire screen in the solar system.

However, this area was millions of kilometers long.

Huo Nan would not be able to escape far in a short period of time. Almost at the same time, the Sun Blazing Light of the Fire Origin Universe that had been automatically activated earlier destroyed a Nine Satellites from the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan.

It had to be said that both Degusalon and Jin Ding were extremely experienced people. They were a little slower when they rushed out of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen.

As a result, the strongest first wave of the blazing sun was not aimed at them. It only killed one Nine Satellites Planetary realm each. Compared to the Spiritual Race, the losses of the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan were much smaller.

There were 51 people from the Muyas Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force. 45 people successfully passed through. There were 41 people from the Great Xi Clan Expeditionary Force. 36 people successfully passed through.

However, just as they arrived, one of them was killed by the sun.

The purple-robed Bishop of the Muyas, Degusalon, could not help but be overjoyed when he saw that there was only one blazing sunlight. Pope Qiao An's strategy had succeeded.

Forty-four Nine Satellites would definitely be able to do something if they entered the solar system. However, in the next moment, the six Nine Luminaries Guardians instantly blasted over. Caught off guard, six Nine Satellites were killed on the spot.

Amidst Degusalon's roars, the Nine Luminaries Guardians blasted five waves in a row and successfully reduced the number of people in the 44 Muya Nine Satellites Planetary realm to

18.

The purple-robed bishop, Degusalon, was seriously injured. The despairing purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon, immediately informed Pope Qiao An of the current situation through an emergency communication device.

But the terrifying and sharp chain of attacks disappeared. On the other side, the Great Xi Clan once again suffered the baptism of the Nine Luminaries Guardians. They were in the third wave. They were actually quite lucky.

Why did he say that? This was because among the Nine Luminaries Guardians, especially the Sun Guardian, each attack was weaker than the last. The casualties at the beginning were not

too terrifying.

However, they could not stop Xu Tui from chasing after them. After four consecutive waves, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Great Xi Clan was reduced from 35 to 19.

At the fourth wave, Qu Qingshan's Fire Guardian turned off. Cai Shaochu's Earth Guardian still had two more chances to attack. Xu Tui had wanted to kill all of them with the Nine Luminaries Guardians in one go. The more enemies he could kill, the better.

However, it suddenly stopped. He had to employ limited resources where they were needed most!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1