Chapter 1975: The Charge Of The Three Races (1)

Chapter 1975: The Charge of the Three Races (1)

The red flag flew out of the hand of Huo Nan and immediately transformed into a fire flag with a radius of 100 meters. It immediately protected the remaining 22 Nine Satellites Planetary realm and a few mental bodies.

The four attacks of the Blazing Sun, the Earth Guardian, the Fire Guardian, and the Moon Guardian that had caused them heavy casualties were silently blocked by the Fire Flag.

The Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race revealed looks of relief. However, the expressions of the two main elders, Huo Nan and Mu Sheng, became even more terrified. This was because their mental perception had already sensed that a third of the power of the Fire Flag Spiritual Treasure had instantly disappeared.

In other words, it could only block three such attacks at most. There was no need for Huo Nan to say anything. Mu Sheng had already thrown out a large number of Origin Crystals at Huo Nan without hesitation.

"Third Brother Huo, hurry! Origin Crystals, take out all the Origin Crystals to replenish the consumption of the Spiritual Treasure," Mu Sheng shouted.

Huo Nan's mind power had already spread out like an angry wave. In an instant, he turned tens of thousands of Origin Crystals into abundant Origin Energy and guided them into the Spiritual Treasure.

The depleted power of Fire Flag Spiritual Treasure was rapidly recovering, but Huo Nan did not feel any sense of security. There were not many spirit treasures bestowed by the Holy Ancestor in the Spiritual Race, but every one of them had great power.

His Fire Flag Spiritual Treasure was an offensive Spiritual Treasure. Its defense was deviated, but at this moment, it could only be used for defense.

This Fire Flag Spiritual Treasure was his most important life-saving treasure. It was unparalleled and he would not use it easily. Yet he had no choice but to use it today. He might die here if he did not use it. Still, Huo Nan felt extremely pained.

After today's battle, even if the Fire Flag Spiritual Treasure still existed, its power would be greatly reduced. It would take a long time to repair it.

The sword light in the Moon Guardian was especially sharp. It had already left a deep sword mark on the spirit treasure.

"Everyone, throw out whatever life-saving methods you have. Otherwise, we will die when the Spiritual Treasure bestowed by my Holy Ancestor shatters," Huo Nan said hatefully.

As soon as Huo Nan finished speaking, the second wave of Nine Luminaries Guardians attacks arrived. This time, many of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts had already used their life-saving methods to help resist the Nine Luminaries Guardians. It greatly reduced the consumption of the Fire Flag Spiritual Treasure, but it could not last long.

"We need support. Without support, we will definitely be wiped out!"

Huo Nan's voice sounded on the Ling Inquiry Disk. Xu Shifang, who had just established a connection with Xu Yi, was covered in cold sweat. He reported the situation to Great Elder Xu Yi as quickly as possible.

"We've been tricked! We were tricked by the Muyas." Great Elder Xu Yi instantly came to a conclusion. "How many Nine Satellites Planetary realms are there?" Xu Yi asked.

Just as Huo Nan had said, the most important thing now was to send reinforcements over. If Huo Nan, Mu Sheng, and the other 44 members of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force really died in the solar system, then his position as the Great Elder would really come to an end.

"Elder, the original plan was to go all out, so the expeditionary army has already gone over. Currently, there are only five Nine Satellites left behind. Including me, there are six."

Xu Shifang was afraid that Xu Yi would send him over to save him, so he quickly said, "The key is that the energy storage of the Five Elements Spiritual Array has just been greatly depleted. Even if we replenish it quickly, it will take an hour for the Five Elements Spiritual Array to be activated again to support the Five Elements Shield for the expeditionary army.

"Without the protection of the Five Elements Spiritual Array, it would be very difficult for any reinforcements to pass through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen alive," Xu Shifang said.

Xu Yi frowned. For a moment, he could not think of a good way to support them. He, the Great Elder, was better at internal affairs or internal power struggles. That was why he suppressed everyone and became the Great Elder. However, strategies were not his forte.

In just a moment, Xu Yi contacted the commander-in-chief of the expeditionary army who was attacking the small universe of the Heavenly Court. The strategic ability of the Spiritual Race's War God was not something that could not be bragged about. He quickly explained the current situation to Xu Zhijia. Xu Yi quietly waited for Xu Zhijia's answer.

"Great Elder, actually, the current mentality or strategy of the three races is the same. They all wanted to charge into the solar system, but they did not want to be the first to suffer a huge loss from the defense methods of the ancient Heavenly Court. They all wanted the other two families to take the blame for them.

"However, they did not want anyone to be too far ahead of them. After all, based on the current situation, as long as they entered the solar system, more than 10 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts would be able to sweep through the solar system. Reinforcements are useless to us for the time being. But a Muya and a member of the Great Xi Clan can be our reinforcement," Xu Zhijia said.

"What do you mean?" Xu Yi did not understand and could not ask directly.

"Show that we have successfully entered the solar system and made a rapid expansion. The personnel of the other two families should immediately pass through the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system. As long as they pass through, they will naturally be able to share the pressure for our people," Xu Zhijia said.

This time, Xu Yi understood and instantly gave the specific order to Xu Shifang. In the next moment, a large number of Spiritual Race troops began to take action in the direction of the cosmic tunnel that led to the solar system.

The structural team led by the Inner Hall Elder of the Spiritual Race immediately rushed into the nearest cosmic tunnel node. They wanted to establish a quantum teleportation channel

between galaxies.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1