Chapter 1979: Good News And Blade (2)

Chapter 1979: Good News and Blade (2)

Six months ago, they definitely could. They could even do it three months ago. But now, Xu Tui felt that as long as the Blue Star's tactics were not too stupid and they were not surrounded by the enemy, they would not.

Moreover, the tactics were in place. If the tactics of great people were used to the extreme, they could even swallow the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force of a certain race.

On the Blue Star, Xu Tui could already be considered to have super-Nine Satellites combat strength. Shang Long could be considered a top-notch Nine Satellites combat strength. Shui Zhi, Cai Shaochu, Erera, and Ullr were all combat strength that could fight the Nine Satellites head-on.

The next level, such as Ruan Tianzuo, Qu Qingshan, An Xiaoxue, Lavis, and the others, could also restrain the Nine Satellites.

Xu Tui felt that the Blue Star would be able to fight them if he only encountered a group of troops. The problem was, would the remaining Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the three races go on an expedition alone?

Absolutely not! The first strategic goal of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force, who had forcefully passed through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen, was definitely to establish a teleportation or shuttle channel.

That was inevitable. No matter how strong an individual was, one would be depleted if they fought alone. Moreover, if they did not establish a teleportation channel, would they allow these expeditionary forces to obtain the fruits of victory in the final expedition to the solar system?

Therefore, establishing a teleportation tunnel was inevitable for the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force.

Even if there would be alternative targets like the second strategy, the first strategy would definitely become the only one when more than two-thirds of the expeditionary army was injured.

This was because the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force of the three races did not know if the Blue Star or the ancient Heavenly Court still had such an attack method. The first thing they did when they were alone in an expedition and encountered major casualties was to establish communication with the natives. Only then would there be hope for the expeditionary army to survive and retreat.

The communication channel they had established was the blade of good steel that Xu Tui planned to use. It would be truly catastrophic if any of the three races were to establish a long-range teleportation channel.

Even if the Spiritual Race could only teleport one person a day, as long as the Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Spiritual Race lay low and guarded this intergalactic quantum teleportation channel for a month or half a year, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm would be able to truly sweep through the entire solar system.

Similarly, as long as the Muyas' holy power teleportation channel and the Great Xi's ultra- long-range quark jump were completed, there would be irreversible catastrophic consequences.

As the strength of the energy defense light screen of the four Heavenly Gates in the small universe of the Heavenly Court quickly rose, Xu Tui's heart was ignited with hope. If they could stop or destroy the three races from establishing a teleportation channel, there would still be hope for the Blue Star. It could even buy the Blue Star more time to migrate.

It was very fast to transfer an ordinary person from a quantum teleportation channel. It took a few seconds. However, it was too difficult to build a base where millions of people could basically survive. Even if Huaxia, the infrastructure demon, took over these missions and used a large number of construction robots, the time it took was terrifying.

Therefore, Xu Tui, who had thought of this just now, immediately made a decision. He waited quietly and gathered his strength. If the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force of the three races began to establish a teleportation channel and was within the surveillance range of the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord, they would destroy it with all their might!

Currently, Xu Tui's only worry was that the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force of the three races might not be the only one who had the ability to build a teleportation channel.

There might be a second time. If there was a second time... The consequences were indescribable. However, Xu Tui could only do it now. He used the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to activate the seal of the Thousand-eyed Divine Lord and observed the movements of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force.

The Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force sent by the three races this time were all true elites. Some of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators might have been pampered all these years and neglected war, but they were not idiots to be able to grow into the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. They had also been through hundreds of battles.

After a tragic battle, they quickly recovered. The remaining 16 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race scattered and fled for 15 minutes. When they realized that there were no more pursuers,

Huo Nan quickly gathered everyone. 16 of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were all injured. A quarter of them were seriously injured. There were also two mental bodies of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. As they did not have a suitable body here, they were sealed in the jade slip by their colleagues to see if there was any hope of revival in the future. "Everyone, under the current circumstances, I'm not sure if the ancient Heavenly Court has any follow-up killing methods, so I'm sure that we'll establish a quantum teleportation channel between galaxies as soon as possible. We'll communicate with the natives and wait for reinforcements," Huo Nan said.

"Elder Huo, if the 16 of us can recover from our injuries, according to the strategy given previously, we should be able to sweep through the solar system, right? I think we should completely control such a break of a lifetime, right?" A Nine Satellites Planetary realm raised a different opinion.

"A break of a lifetime?" Huo Nan sneered. "You have to be alive to enjoy it first! Who told you that the Blue Star can't withstand a single blow? According to our knowledge, the Blue Star has the power to instantly kill the Nine Satellites Planetary realm."

Seeing that the person still wanted to speak, Huo Nan said forcefully, "Don't question my words. This is a lesson learned from the frontline battlefield! Other than that, the expeditionary army of the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas will definitely be eyeing us covetously! Therefore, we have to prioritize communicating with the local people."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1