Chapter 1974: Nine Luminaries Guardian And Wiped Out (3)

Chapter 1974: Nine Luminaries Guardian and Wiped Out (3)

It would take a lot of time. Interstellar migration was not a simple population migration. It was extremely complicated.

This was especially so since there were multi-person quantum teleportation channels. The complete production line on the Blue Star still needed to transport a large number of construction resources over.

Without basic living conditions, even if enough Blue Star humans were transferred over, they would only die.

In an instant, the strategic goal changed. Previously, they had defended the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Now, defending the small universe of the Heavenly Court was not his first goal. Now, his first goal was to snipe the enemy and implement the fourth Iron Blood Plan with all his might.

"Commander, I'm already guarding the Huo Yao Star Lord's Prefecture. I feel that I can activate the Fire Guardian. However, for some reason, my jade seat is broken," Qu Qingshan said.

"Let's not worry about him for now. Suppress as much as we can."

"Xu Tui, I've already entered the Tu Yao Star Lord's Prefecture. I can activate the Earth Guardian immediately." Cai Shaochu's voice sounded.

"Then immediately." After he finished speaking, Xu Tui asked, "By the way, Principal, is the jade seat in your Tu Yao Star Lord Manor broken?"

"No, it's intact," Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui frowned. Why was there such a difference? He also headed straight for the other Nine Luminaries Star Lord Manor. The others could not enter, but he could enter with two large Six Imperial Seals.

Unfortunately, there was no seal of the Nine Luminaries Star Lord in the other manors. Otherwise, he would definitely be able to get a few more Nine Luminaries Star Lords to activate the Nine Luminaries Guardian.

At this moment, Xu Tui wanted to give it a try through the two great Six Imperial Seals to see if he could use it to activate the Nine Luminaries Guardian through the other Nine Luminaries Lords.

...

Outside the screen of high-temperature fire on the side of the spiritual cosmic tunnel, Huo Nan, Mu Sheng, and Mu Zhengyue were shouting. "Form the formation! Even if only your mental body is left, form a formation!"

Suddenly, Huo Nan roared, "Defend!"

In an instant, the remaining Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force attacked at the same time and condensed a huge five-colored shield in the void above.

This time, the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force of the Spiritual Race had all been deliberately chosen. They could condense into the strongest combination defense of the Spiritual Race, the Five-Colored Shield.

The 20-odd five-colored giant shields condensed by the Nine Satellites Planetary realm were shattered by the blazing sun. Five of them vomited blood on the spot. One of them could not dodge in time and was blasted by the blazing sun. His body instantly turned to ashes, but his mental body survived.

"Continue!" Huo Nan roared fiercely. At the same time, he crushed the breath control jade slip in his hand. "The power of this blazing sun is getting weaker and weaker every time. Hold on a few more times and we'll succeed."

It had to be said that Huo Nan had foreseen this. The moment he passed through, Huo Nan deliberately slowed down a little, allowing his confidentiality chief, Huo Lingxiao, to be the first to pass through. He had been cautious, but he did not expect Huo Lingxiao to turn to ashes.

In an instant, Huo Nan realized that there was a problem. There was a problem with the strategy this time. Unfortunately, the blazing sunlight from the Sun Guardian came wave after wave, causing them to not even have the time to catch their breaths.

Up until now, more than half of the Nine Satellites that participated in this expedition had been lost. According to the initial estimates, they would lose at most a quarter. They had suffered heavy losses.

There was a problem! Something must have gone wrong. It was only now that the 13th main seat elder, Mu Sheng, had a chance to communicate with Huo Nan. He had been running on the verge of death just now.

Although he was at the Nebula Realm, half of his body was no longer there. He was brushed by the aftershock. Just a little more, and he would be dead. However, as long as his physical body was there, he would be fine. He would recover very quickly.

"Third Brother Huo, that's not right! Didn't that bastard Xu Shifeng say that the Muyas were leading the way to attract the Sun Guardian away? Why did I sense that we were taking the lead? Could it be that Xu is tricking us?"

Mu Sheng's so-called surname Xu referred to Great Elder Xu Yi. The internal strife in the Spiritual Race's Sanctuary had always been rather serious.

"Not to that extent!" Huo Nan shook his head. "He wouldn't dare! He definitely wouldn't dare to do that at this moment. Something must have gone wrong."

"Then what should we do?" Mu Sheng roared.

"Ask for help! Tell them the truth," Huo Nan said. Three seconds later, after enduring the attacks of five blazing sunlight in a row, Huo Nan used a Ling Inquiry Disk to contact Xu Shifang. The moment he contacted him, he cursed in exasperation.

Xu Shifang, who was opposite him, was stunned. He was dumbfounded. That was impossible. "Impossible! 22 people have died in battle, this is impossible! How did you arrange it? You just let us take on the- Ah..." Suddenly, Mu Zhengyue let out a miserable scream. It looked like he was not attacked at all.

However, he felt as if he was being squeezed by several mountains. Even though his entire body was bursting with light, he could not stop the feeling of being crushed.

Pfft! A second later, Mu Zhengyue was directly crushed by an inexplicable force field. It exploded into a pile of blood!

The moment Huo Nan and Mu Sheng's mind power enveloped it, they exclaimed, "Earth magnetic field, this... this is the Earth Guardian."

A red light suddenly shot out from the sky. The red light blasted over and coincidentally shattered the body of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

"Fire Guardian!" Huo Nan was about to go crazy. As the third main elder, he knew the most inside information. He knew about the Nine Luminaries Guardians. Almost at the same time that Huo Nan exclaimed, "Fire Guardian", a cold light suddenly slashed over from the distant

starry sky like a sword light.

Huo Nan instinctively lowered his body. This cold sword light cut the body of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm in front of him into two.

"Moon Guardian!" Huo Nan screamed at the Ling Inquiry Disk like a cat whose tail had been stepped on. "Nine Luminaries Guardians! The Nine Luminaries Guardians were all here! Xu Shifang, if you don't want us to be wiped out, think of a way to support us immediately. The holy artifact that the Holy Ancestor just used is our last life-saving method."

In the next moment, a small flag instantly flew out of Huo Nan's hand and easily blocked the

next wave of attacks.

On the other side, Xu Shifeng was stunned.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1