Chapter 1972: Nine Luminaries Guardian And Wiped Out (1)

Chapter 1972: Nine Luminaries Guardian and Wiped Out (1)

In the Fire Origin Universe, Xu Tui quietly waited for the Fire Spirit Book, which was also the red fire slip, to fuse with the aura of the entire Fire Origin Universe. At the same time, he used his extremely powerful mental perception to sense the 108 flames in the red fire slip.

This perception was extremely fast at first. The first ten types were completed in a minute. Then the ones behind them became slower and slower. He might not be able to sense a fire in half an hour.

However, this was only in comparison.

Xu Tui, who was from the School of General Senses, did not find it slow at all. It had to be known that the unit of time when the School of General Senses sensed the original quantum frequency of a supernatural being was measured in months.

Half an hour? Other times would be a joke, but now, there was.

Xu Tui had been in the Fire Origin Universe for half a day. During this half a day, the fusion between the red fire slip and the Fire Origin Universe was almost complete. But he felt that the fusion speed was getting slower and slower.

He wondered what the reason was. Or were there any restrictions?

Xu Tui did not understand. The fragmented information given by the red fire slip that had been suppressed by the God Slaying Sword did not have an answer. Furthermore, they could not communicate.

Little Six could not give an answer either.

All Xu Tui could do was wait quietly. He immediately used the time to sense more fire- element original quantum frequencies. In the future, he would also be a fire-type supernatural being.

Xu Tui felt that he could even activate a fire-type supernatural being's genetic ability chain and condense a new fire-type nova. With this as the foundation, his fire-type supernatural abilities would become very powerful.

It should be said that he was no longer weak.

For example, the purple flames of Erera's best purple flames were ranked tenth in the red fire slip. Xu Tui had already learned them.

However, the power of the purple flames was still much weaker. He had only learned the Purple Flame, but he could not surpass Erera in terms of fire-type abilities.

At this moment, Xu Tui was carefully sensing the 12th type of fire-the Bone Black Fire. The name was reflected by the idiotic red fire slip. Its power should be a little stronger than Erera's purple flames.

Other than its super-strong burning power, the characteristics of the Bone Black Fire could also quickly spread. It could not be extinguished so easily.

Most of the substances that were attached to it could only be severed or completely destroyed. Otherwise, they would turn into nourishment for the Bone Black Fire in an extremely short period of time.

After sensing for more than half an hour, Xu Tui was almost done. In any case, the small universe of the Heavenly Court was still in a safe state. Xu Tui wanted to see what kind of supernatural fire abilities he could finally sense.

If he learned a powerful supernatural fire, his combat strength would also soar. The Fire Supernatural Branch was known as the King of Destruction.

Xu Tui had just finished sensing the black flames when the entire Fire Origin Universe suddenly shook. The Fire Spirit Hall and the red fire slip in front of him trembled at the same time.

Almost instantly, the red fire slip reported the changes and reasons to him. A large amount of fire-type Origin Energy was suddenly extracted from a certain external tunnel. No, it was sucked out!

The fire-type Origin Energy that he had replenished to the Heavenly Court's small universe was given to him. It was given to him by the Fire Origin Universe, or rather, it was given within his duty.

But now, this Origin Energy was sucked out. Regardless of whether your Fire Origin Universe was willing or not, you had to give it.

So who sucked it? Sunlight Star. That was the sun. In the scientific understanding of humans, the high temperature of the sun was simply terrifying. Why would it extract the energy of the Fire Origin Universe?

Xu Tui had disguised himself as a Muya last time and transmigrated through the holy power tunnel with the Muyas. He knew about the Sun Guardian of the solar system.

There was only one possibility-the Sun had activated the Sun Guardian.

In an instant, Xu Tui had a basic judgment. The small universe of the Heavenly Court might have been breached. Or perhaps an alien species had passed through the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system.

No matter which it was, Xu Tui had to return immediately. No matter which it was, the solar system would probably welcome extremely powerful enemies.

In the next moment, Xu Tui did not care if the red fire slip had completely fused with the Fire Origin Universe. He activated his mind power and forcefully put the red fire slip back into his force field in his mind. He instantly teleported and left quickly.

He came slowly because he was exploring, but he returned extremely quickly. In just five minutes, Xu Tui quickly arrived at the exit of the Fire Origin Universe from the Fire Spirit Hall. The moment he left the Fire Origin Universe, he suddenly sensed something.

The red fire slip vaguely pointed out the Fire Origin Small Universe to Xu Tui. He could even vaguely sense the existence of the Fire Small Universe.

The Fire Origin Small Universe should have an extremely close connection with this universe, or rather, the solar system. It seemed that they could communicate at any time. However,

there was a thin film between them. He could sense it, but he could not poke it.

At this moment, Xu Tui did not have the time to study this. He immediately teleported to the quantum teleportation channel of Mars and Ceres Star.

This tunnel had been reserved for Xu Tui. He passed through it.

Almost immediately after Xu Tui arrived at Ceres Star and received a stable signal, Ah Huang's message was sent over. At the same time, it sent to Wei Bin that it had contact Xu

Tui.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1