Chapter 1976: The Charge Of Three Races (2)

Chapter 1976: The Charge of Three Races (2)

These movements were extremely fast and huge. Xu Yi was not worried about the

transmission of the news. It was normal for the Muyas to have some methods since the Spiritual Race could plant spies on them. It was hard to say about the Great Xi Clan, but it was not bad.

Just a minute later, the latest news reached the Pope of the Muyas, Qiao An.

"The Spiritual Race has already begun to build an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel?" After thinking for a few seconds, Qiao An slowly nodded. As long as the Spiritual Race established an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, they would be able to steadily send experts to support them. If they did not take action soon, they would lose the initiative. "Gris, pass the order to Degusalon. The third strategic plan has been successful. Implement the second strategic plan."

The third strategic plan of the Muyas was actually their plan to lure the enemy to the head of the brunt.

The Muyas, who had always charged bravely, had suffered greatly in the many methods of the ancient Heavenly Court in the solar system. This time, they let the Spiritual Race take a beating for them.

Almost at the same time, the purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon, who had received the order, gave the order. 40 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts in heavy fireproof armor appeared. This time, it was the real Nine Satellites Planetary realms.

The last time were the believers who disguised themselves as the experts. Then, Degusalon also brought 10 Nine Satellites bishops and joined the expeditionary army. There were also hundreds of white-robed bishops and dozens of red-robed bishops who began to activate their holy power.

In less than ten seconds, every member of the expeditionary army was covered in an extremely powerful holy power barrier. The vigorous holy power barrier was enough to protect most of them from passing through the high-temperature fire screen alive.

"For the glory of the Lord, charge!"

In the next moment, 51 streaks of light that were suffused with white holy light rushed towards the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system under the lead of the purple- robed Bishop, Degusalon.

Thirty seconds later, the chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi, received a set of strange signals.

"The purple-robed Bishop of the Muyas, Degusalon, has already rushed into the solar system's High-Temperature Fire Screen..." The huge light wings on Lu Qi's back flickered for a moment. He immediately ordered, "Yin Bing, pass the order to Jin Ding to take action." Thirty seconds later, at the cosmic tunnel that led to the solar system from the Great Xi Clan's Star Field, 40 Nine Satellites Planetary realms, led by a golden man with eight pairs of glowing wings on his back, shouted after receiving the enhancement of the quark particle energy center.

"For the great Father, charge!"

A group of Nine Satellites rushed towards the high-temperature fire screen. In an instant, waves appeared on the high-temperature fire screen.

Xu Tui had just used the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to forcefully open the door of the Jinyao Star Lord's Manor. Only the door of the main hall was open. But his expression changed the moment he entered.

The light in the Jinyao Star Lord's Mansion was extremely dim. Not only did it have an inexplicable death aura, but even the jade seat in the main hall of the Jinyao Star Lord was shattered.

This seemed to be a sign that the Jinyao Star Lord of the Nine Luminaries Star might have died. It was a complete death.

Then, Xu Tui flashed into the Duxing Star Lord's Prefecture and the Rahu Star Lord's Prefecture. It was the same for the Star Lord's main hall. The light was dim and the aura of death was endless. The jade seat shattered.

Xu Tui's expression was solemn. He could confirm that at least three of the Nine Luminaries Star Lords had died in battle. The seal might even have completely shattered.

Qu Qingshan had said that the jade seat of the Huo Yao Star Lord's residence was broken but did not shatter, which might be related to the situation on the Huo Yao Star. In the next moment, Xu Tui appeared in the Shuiyao Star Lord's Mansion. He heaved a sigh of relief the moment he entered.

Light filled the Star Lord's Mansion. It was still there. In an instant, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flew out. The Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's seal in his hand flashed. It suddenly projected two other images for Xu Tui.

In the image, there was a high-temperature fire screen of the solar system that was like the Great Fire Wall. As the high-temperature fire screen fluctuated violently, a large number of experts rushed out of the high-temperature fire screen.

Xu Tui's body trembled. He had guessed correctly. It was not just the Spiritual Race. The other two races also began to pass through the high-temperature fire screen on a large scale. From the characteristics of these people's strength, it could be clearly seen that they were the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan.

The moment the two races passed through and appeared in the solar system, Xu Tui felt the red fire slip that was communicating with the Fire Origin Small Universe tremble twice. The transmigration of these two races had also triggered the conditions of the Sun Guardian.

The Sun Guardian forcefully extracted a large amount of energy from the Fire Origin Small Universe.

It was only now that it could forcefully extract a large amount of energy from the Fire Origin Universe. Otherwise, the power of the Sun Guardian would have become relatively weak and not have the power to completely destroy the Nine Satellites Planetary realms. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole hung above the main hall of the Shuiyao Star Lord. The moment it suppressed everything, Xu Tui's mind power touched a black planet. Black water. This should be some kind of connection with Mercury. The moment his mind power touched it, Xu Tui had a realization. He could control the water attack. Suddenly, he had a thought. He retreated out of the Shuiyao Star Lord Hall and went straight into the Muyao Star Lord Hall at the side.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that the main hall of the Muyao Star Lord was also intact. In the next moment, the Great Emperor Ziwei's seal flew out and suppressed it. His mind power instantly touched another planet.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1