Chapter 1986: The Strategy To Break The Life And Death Game (3)

Chapter 1986: The Strategy to Break the Life and Death Game (3)

The aura of the Blue Star began to decrease. It was as if spring had turned cold. Overnight, spring on the Blue Star regressed to winter. Snowflakes fell in the central plains of Huaxia and the Jiangnan area.

In the north and northwest of Huaxia, although it was cold in March, it was no longer snowing. Yet there was a strange heavy snowfall. Even if there was no snow in some places, the temperature had plummeted by ten degrees.

It was the coldest spring in history!

The humans of the Blue Star had witnessed an astronomical miracle and history. They also witnessed the start of the disaster. The average global temperature had decreased by more than one degree and was still decreasing. An ecological disaster had already begun.

...

"Commander, the Muyas' holy power teleportation channel is almost ready." Qu Qingshan's voice sounded in the communication channel. Qu Qingshan was the most aggrieved. He had used up his Fire Guardian. He could see the enemy. He could even vaguely lock onto the enemy's location by activating the Star Lord's seal.

But he was weak. It was completely empty. He had the thought but not the energy. He could not blast it out. This feeling made Qu Qingshan very uncomfortable.

"All units, get ready."

In the image, a ball of holy power light quickly bloomed on an unknown planet.

The purple-robed bishop, Degusalon, brought the other Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts and activated their holy power with all his might. He sent their holy power into the Book of Enlightenment to stabilize the formation of the holy power tunnel.

Once the holy power tunnel was successfully activated, a certain number of reinforcements would be able to arrive immediately.

Although Xu Tui had previously impersonated the officiant of the Muyas and had a certain level of understanding of the holy power tunnel, he did not dare to be too arrogant at this moment. After all, he did not know much.

If they really let in a wave, they would be in big trouble. Therefore, Xu Tui was prepared to kill the Muyas' holy power channel before it took shape.

"According to the plan, blast them away!"

Almost as soon as Xu Tui gave the order, a strange phenomenon suddenly occurred around the one-meter-wide ball of white light in the sky above the desolate asteroid where the Muyas

were.

A cold sword light suddenly appeared and slashed at the purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon. The expression of Degusalon changed. However, he already had a mental plan for such a scene. The Myriad Thoughts Holy Token in his right hand spat out a boundless holy light that met the sword light.

The Book of Enlightenment in his left hand did not ripple at all.

The moment Degusalon faced the sword light, a blazing sun, the earth magnetic field of the Earth Guardian, the green light and blue light of the Wood Guardian and the Water Guardian, slashed towards Degusalon at the same time.

Four against one!

Degusalon's expression changed drastically. He could defend against one Nine Luminaries' Guardian. He could defend against two with his life on the line. If there were other Nine Satellites to save him, he would have a chance.

Four against one... The possibility of him being killed was too high!

The great cause of the Muyas belonged to the Muyas. Their lives were theirs. The beliefs among the Muyas were actually polarized. The slaves and ordinary Muya warriors were more steadfast in their belief in the Lord, and so they did not hold back.

But the officiants, bishops, and the nobles were selfish. Their beliefs were also impure, just like the current purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon.

Degusalon wisely chose to save his life at this moment. His life was more important. In the next moment, the holy power aura that Degusalon had injected into the Book of Enlightenment suddenly changed. It changed from building a holy power tunnel to defending

him.

A huge and thick Holy Light Shield appeared and protected his body. However, the holy power tunnel that had been built for most of the time was also interrupted. The prototype of the holy power tunnel collapsed and disappeared.

Although the Book of Enlightenment was one of the four holy artifacts of the Muyas, it was not omnipotent. The condensed Holy Light Shield directly blocked two attacks of the Nine Luminaries Guardians for Degusalon.

The third Nine Luminaries Guardian's attack directly made Degusalon vomit blood. The fourth attack sent the Book of Enlightenment in his hand flying.

In the next moment, the sword light and many Nine Luminaries Guardians appeared again.

Shang Long activated the Moon Guardian and slashed at the Book of Enlightenment that the Muyas could use to build a holy power tunnel. The other attacks slashed at Degusalon again, wanting to take the opportunity to kill the purple-robed Bishop.

Unfortunately, the other 17 Nine Satellites Muyas also reacted. Their beliefs might not be pure, but they were definitely firm. Perhaps they had selfish motives, but it was impossible for them to watch the Book of Enlightenment destroyed and the purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon, be killed.

The 17 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts pounced forward crazily. The kind that was not afraid of death!

In the end, after paying the price of the deaths of five people, Degusalon once again activated the Holy Artifact, the Book of Enlightenment, to protect everyone as they quickly fled. A huge shield of holy power was enhanced above their heads through the Book of Enlightenment. However, both the holy power shield and the Book of Enlightenment were greatly reduced in brilliance. This was especially so for the Book of Enlightenment. A deep sword mark had already been imprinted on it. It had even cut through the paper.

This not only made the brilliance of the Book of Enlightenment very weak, but it was also constantly losing its aura. The Book of Enlightenment was severely damaged. Similarly, the purple-robed Bishop, Degusalon, was also severely injured. However, he was still protected. Everyone retreated in panic, looking for a possible safe area, afraid that a terrifying attack

would fall from the sky.

This was too terrifying!

Based on the current situation, Xu Tui could kill the Muyas if he blasted out all the Nine Luminaries Guardians in one go. But not in reality. After the explosion, everything would be

over.

He had to keep it! He had to leave a feast for the Great Xi Clan and see the subsequent reactions of the Muyas and the Spiritual Race.

Just as Xu Tui was looking at the energy transition center of the quark particles that the Great

Xi Clan was building, in the Spiritual Race's Sanctuary, Great Elder Xu Yi, who had been thinking hard for a long time, finally heaved a sigh of relief.

He had already thought of a way to break his life-and-death situation!

Xu Yi's gaze was extremely determined.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1