Chapter 1980: Good News And Blade (3)

Chapter 1980: Good News and Blade (3)

"Survival is the most important thing!"

"Actually, breaking into the solar system and establishing a cross-galactic quantum teleportation channel with the natives is a great contribution in itself," Mu Sheng added.

"Do you have any other opinions? If you don't, listen to my orders. Split up and start searching for the nearest planet with a usable earth vein. No matter how big or small it is, it has to be close. It has to have an earth vein. As for whether the environment is harsh or not, it's not important," Huo Nan ordered.

"Understood!"

In the next moment, the remaining Spiritual Race expeditionary forces took out the many tools they had prepared before they set off and began to search for suitable targets. It was not just the Spiritual Race. The Muyas and the Great Xi Clan were also doing the same thing.

The Spiritual Race was the same as the Muyas. The channels they established had to rely on planets as their foundation. It was impossible to establish a teleportation channel out of thin air in space, so they were searching for planets.

In comparison, the Great Xi's quark particle jumper could be activated in space as long as there was enough energy to provide it.

However, the environment in space was too complicated. There were all kinds of energy storms and rays. High-quality instruments like the quark particle jumper were extremely easily disturbed.

Therefore, in the end, the Great Xi Clan also needed to find a planet to set up their quark particle transition center. In space, time was always the most important and ancient. Under normal circumstances, searching for a planet was measured in years.

Xu Tui was also worried that the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force would run out of the range of the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's seal. In that case, the Nine Luminaries Guardians would be useless. They could not see where they had set up the teleportation channel, let alone attack and destroy it.

For seven to eight days, the attack rhythm of the three races in the Heavenly Court's small universe was still maintained, but it was no longer much of a threat, unless the three races attacked at the same time without regard for their consumption.

After all, the defensive light screen of the four Heavenly Gates was constantly recovering because of the replenishment of the Fire Origin Small Universe.

Xu Tui also calmed down. Other than Wei Bin, who was still implementing the fourth iron- blooded plan. Whether they could wipe out this wave of alien Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force or destroy their teleportation channel, the fourth Iron Blood Plan could not stop.

This was the consensus of Xu Tui, Wei Bin, Cai Shaochu, Shang Long, and the others. If the enemy's army arrived at the Blue Star one day, the crowd that the Fourth Iron Blood Plan had migrated would be the last seed of hope for the Blue Star.

At the same time, Xu Tui also asked the elites of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force to cultivate with all their might and digest their previous gains. There were also the Blue Star elites on Mars, the Moon, Planet Kono, Ceres Star, Planet Peach, and other planets. They also let go of their cultivation.

As long as they could break through and increase their cultivation, it was up to them. It could be said that every day, every hour, a new Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm would be born on the Blue Star. Unfortunately, these quasi-planetary experts and Planetary realm experts could not enter the battlefield in a short period of time.

However, they would be the strongest backup force on the Blue Star.

Time was the true hope of the Blue Star's rise or vendetta.

During these ten days, Xu Tui also obtained good news. This good news came from Wei Bin's report.

In Wei Bin's report, several remote sensing monitoring points that were monitoring the high-temperature fire screen discovered that the energy fluctuations in the high- temperature fire screen had reached its bottom and risen.

In the first one to two years of the monitoring, the energy fluctuations in the solar system's high-temperature fire screen had been decreasing. Although the decrease was very small every day, the trend had always been decreasing. It has not recovered.

However, ever since Xu Tui unsealed the Fire Origin Small Universe, the energy fluctuations in the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system that had been decreasing began to rise. It was rising every day.

Although the recovery was very small, the barrier of the solar system would become stronger and stronger as it accumulated. With every additional day of regeneration, the extraterrestrial invaders of the three races would have to pay a higher price if they wanted to use the same method to invade the solar system.

Perhaps half a year or a year or two later, the price would be too great for the enemy to bear. It would be difficult for them to use the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses to transmigrate to the solar system on a large scale like now.

There was hope!

This gave Xu Tui hope. There was no need to wander in space to defend his hometown. Over the past few days, Xu Tui had been staying in the hall of the Shuiyao Star Lord. The most he did every day was to activate the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's Seal to observe the situation of the three expeditionary forces.

The expeditionary forces of the three races had already found their target planets. Fortunately, they were still within the surveillance range of the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's seal. Currently, the expeditionary forces of the three races are running wildly towards their target planet.

Suddenly, Xu Tui's gaze shifted. The fastest was still the Spiritual Race. From the Thousand- Eyed Divine Lord's seal, the 16 Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force of the Spiritual Race had already rushed into a planet under the lead of Huo Nan.

This planet did not have an atmosphere, but there must be an earth vein!

Xu Tui knew that the real blade was here when he saw the appearance of the Spiritual Race's Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force.

He was going to use good steel!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1