Chapter 1981: Surprise And Joy (1)

Chapter 1981: Surprise and Joy (1)

Sanctuary, Sacred Spiritual Planet of the Spiritual Race's Central Star Field.

Great Elder Xu Yi had completely lost his usual calm. In the past, his favorite thing to do was to review the mountain of documents.

The Spiritual Race ruled the vast Star Field. The various documents that were reported every day were like mountains and seas. Though, they had been screened by many other

organizations and confidentiality chiefs, and less than 1,000 of them reached him, the Great Elder.

However, what was sent up in the end was still an astonishing number. Originally, these documents could have been handled by others, but Great Elder Xu Yi liked to personally review them. That was because this was the smell of power. This was Great Elder Xu Yi's favorite taste. However, he did not want to think about it now.

Fourteen days.

It had been 14 days since Huo Nan and Mu Sheng had brought the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force through the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system.

To be honest, Xu Yi felt as if he was on a roller coaster. But this roller coaster did not have its ups and downs. It was the kind that was rushing towards hell. Out of the 44 Nine Satellites Planetary realms, only 16 survived. Close to 30 died in battle.

This was a huge loss.

It had to be known that there were only slightly more than 300 people in the Spiritual Race's Nine Satellites Planetary realm. This loss was equivalent to losing 10% of the Spiritual Race's strength.

One-tenth of his strength.

Furthermore, it was a strength that could not be replenished in a short period of time. Previously, more than a dozen of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts had been killed by the Blue Star Expeditionary Force when they caused trouble in the Spiritual Race's Star Field.

In just half a year, 50 of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts had died in the Spiritual Race.

What was the concept of 50? One-sixth of the Spiritual Race's current strength was gone. Even the total number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators who had died in battle with the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas in the past 300 years did not amount to this.

During the tenure of each of the previous seven great elders, the total number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators who died in battle, including the Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators who died naturally after their lifespans were exhausted, was not as much as the casualties caused in this half a year.

Do you understand the pressure on Great Elder Xu Yi now?

Currently, the Spiritual Race is engaged in many battles. Otherwise, the main elders of the Spiritual Race's Sanctuary would have called a meeting of the main elders and chased him out even without the Holy Ancestor stepping forward.

Someone had to be responsible for such a huge loss.

If there were any other small losses, it would not be a problem to find someone to take the blame. But now, other than Great Elder Xu Yi, no one else could take the blame.

Originally, Xu Yi felt that he was sliding into an abyss of despair. However, a few days ago, Huo Nan's update gave him hope. It suddenly caused his roller coaster that had fallen into the abyss to fluctuate.

Huo Nan said that they had already found the target planet and could establish a multi- person quantum teleportation channel in a short period of time.

Although Yan Wuyu had escaped, in the past hundred years, the research on the quantum teleportation channel in the Spiritual Race's Sanctuary had not stopped.

There were no breakthroughs like Yan Wuyu, but there were continuous small improvements. The speed of the structure and the various conditions needed for the structure were constantly being optimized.

This was an important reason why Huo Nan could set up an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel on any planet. As long as the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was successfully set up, an endless stream of reinforcements would be able to rush into the solar system.

It was only a matter of time before he achieved the Holy Ancestor's goal.

At that time, this would also become a battle record that he, Xu Yi, could produce. It could even be said that his contributions would outweigh his mistakes. Not only would he be able to land steadily, but he might even be able to be re-elected.

Under such a good situation, changing the Great Elder in a hurry would definitely cause a commotion.

Therefore, Xu Yi looked forward to the moment when Huo Nan successfully built the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

"Great Elder, Elder Huo Nan said that they have already entered the target planet. They are expected to be able to set up an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel in an hour or so. "If the current planet has enough load, we should be able to build the second intergalactic quantum teleportation channel in an hour and a half," Xu Shifang reported. "In addition, Elder Huo Nan said that they urgently need bodies that could accommodate Planetary realm powerhouses and Planetary realm powerhouses who are good at healing. The remaining troops are all injured."

"Have you prepared the people and resources he wants?" Xu Yi urged.

"Great Elder, it's all prepared. A water-type Nine Satellites is already on standby. We've only found one suitable body. We're still searching for the rest," Xu Shifang said.

"Cooperate fully. Give him whatever he wants..." Xu Yi, who had come to pace anxiously in the Sanctuary, suddenly said, "I'll rush over immediately. I want to personally keep an eye on this matter."

Due to the communication of the cosmic tunnel, Xu Yi rushed to the target planet from the Sacred Spiritual Planet at an extremely fast speed. It was a planet with a cosmic tunnel node very close to the solar system's high-temperature fire screen. It was Asteroid Number 1141. The reason was that on this asteroid, the other half of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel that he had to build with Huo Nan and the others had been completed.

Now, as long as the structure of Huo South was completed, the two halves of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel would be connected. Then, they would be able to teleport immediately.

By the time Xu Yi arrived at Asteroid 1141, Xu Shifang had already arrived. At the same time, five Nine Satellites Planetary realms were waiting here.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1