Chapter 1987: The Appearance Of A Heavyweight Traitor (1)

Chapter 1987: The Appearance of a Heavyweight Traitor (1)

"Shifang, how many of the spies planted by our race in the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan have not been used? The kind that can be effectively used?" In the holy temple, Great Elder Xu Yi, who had made the final decision and was prepared to fight for his life, suddenly asked. Xu Yi could not be said to have rare gifts and a bold strategy, but he's definitely top-notched in internal strategies.

"Elder, there are a total of five Level S spies in the two races who can obtain first-line information. There are also 27 Level A spies who can obtain first-line information. There are hundreds of Level B and Level C, but they are basically useless," Xu Shifang reported.

"Activate Level S and Level A. I want to know the construction of the teleportation tunnels of the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan immediately. I also want to know about the losses of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Forces of the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan.

"The more detailed the better," Xu Yi said.

Hearing this, Xu Shifeng was stunned. "Great Elder, all of Level S and Level A?"

It was not that Xu Shifang was insensible, but this order was too shocking. The placement of spies had always been extremely difficult, especially for a spy who could enter the enemy's upper echelons and obtain a trace of information. Not only did it require countless wealth and people to pave the way for him, but it also required luck.

This was especially so for Level S and Level A spies. These were one of the most precious assets of the Spiritual Race over the years. In terms of value, the value of every Level S spy exceeded that of a Nebula Realm expert. The value of every Level A spy exceeded the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. He would usually be more cautious when he used one or two.

At this moment, the Great Elder was actually going to use them all. It was simply...

Xu Shifang wondered if he had heard wrongly. This was the wealth that the Spiritual Race had accumulated for hundreds of years.

"All of them!" Xu Yi gave an affirmative answer. Seeing that Xu Shifang was stupefied, he said, "Why? Do you have a problem?"

"No, no problem." In his shock, Xu Shifang quickly lowered his head and agreed.

Of course, Xu Yi understood why Xu Shifang was shocked. He also understood the value of these top spies. However, if he, the Great Elder, was chased off the stage and his family was destroyed, what was the point of keeping these spies? There were countless people in the Spiritual Race, but there would only be one Xu Yi.

So be it if he used it. It was good as long as he was still in power and existed. However, Xu Yi was still the Great Elder of the Spiritual Race. In the end, he added, "Get the information I want at all costs. They could stop after obtaining the specific information. Shifang, you should understand! It's my life and death, and it's also yours!"

"I understand. I'll do it immediately," Xu Shifeng said.

Hearing this, Xu Yi waved his hand. "Let me know immediately if there are any results." If the information that came back was the first probability in Huo Nan's analysis, everything would become very easy. Under the circumstances that the Nine Luminaries Guardians of the solar system were powerless, it was very easy to establish the second intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

What Xu Yi was most worried about was the second probability. If the Blue Star's Nine Luminaries Guardians still had strength left, then...

The solution he had racked his brains for was targeted at this second probability. Although this strategy of breaking the situation was a little shameless, being alive and in power was a victory.

...

In the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Xu Tui arranged his strategy as he looked at the quark particle transition center that the Great Xi Clan was about to build.

"In a while, Principal Cai will use the geomagnetic force to twist the center of their quark particle transition. If it succeeds, the others will take the opportunity to kill the other Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts of the Great Xi Clan.

"If Principal Cai did not succeed, the attacks of the others would focus on their quark particle transition center. Also, focus on choosing the targets I marked when you kill the Nine Satellites," Xu Tui said.

"Commander, why are they the ones marked? I feel that these Nine Satellites of the Great Xi Clan are not the strongest, right?" Qu Qingshan was a little puzzled.

"They are not the strongest, but in our previous observations, when they were building the quark particle transition center, these people did not take out the energy blocks they carried with them and throw them into the quark particle transition center. The most important thing to stop the Great Xi Clan from undergoing a transition is-energy," Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui also had some understanding of the Great Xi Clan. This was especially so for the captives, Lavis and Jin Ji. They had contributed too much to Xu Tui's core mechanisms of the Great Xi Clan.

The quark particle warp device of the Great Xi Clan did not have as many restrictions as the Spiritual Race and the Muyas when it came to constructing a teleportation channel. There was only one condition for using it-energy.

A massive amount of energy!

If the quark particle jumper of the Great Xi Clan wanted to become a marker for ultra-long- range jumps, it had to be activated with a large amount of energy. This amount was estimated by the Blue Star Humans to be 500,000 grams of Origin Crystals, while for the Great Xi Clan, it has to be 5,000 diamond-shaped energy crystals.

The Great Xi Clan's Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts had all activated the corresponding storage dimensional space and carried a large number of energy crystals to activate the quark particle jumper in a short period of time.

Xu Tui speculated that the quark particle jumpers and energy crystals carried by the Great Xi's Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force would definitely be needed to activate the quark particle

jumper once.

At least twice. It might even happen three times! If Xu Tui destroyed the quark particle jumper that they had already activated and some of their energy crystals, even the remaining expeditionary forces of the Great Xi Clan would be helpless if they wanted to activate the quark particle jumper again.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1