Chapter 1989: Attacking The Solar System For What? (1)

Chapter 1989: Attacking the Solar System For What? (1)

In the Sacred Spiritual Planet Sanctuary.

Xu Shifang personally came to report the key information to Xu Yi. They did not care about the frontline for the time being. The energy intensity of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen was still recovering. With every hour, the danger of passing through it increased, and the death rate increased.

Moreover, they would not be able to gather more than 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts to expedition to the solar system in a short period of time.

Actually, the Spiritual Race could still gather 50 Nine Satellites. The problem was that as long as they passed through the solar system's high-temperature fire screen again, about 70% of the 50 Nine Satellites Planetary Realm experts would definitely die.

Since they would definitely die in battle, not many of the Nine Satellites were willing to go. Within the Spiritual Race, Xu Yi had a lot of authority, but it was not an area where one person's words went. Even Xu Yi could not send a large number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts to their deaths.

Most importantly, if they could not solve the problem of the destruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, it would be useless to send people over in large numbers. He had to find a way to establish a stable intergalactic quantum teleportation channel first.

"Elder, the information from the Muyas has been obtained. The Muyas' holy power tunnel was destroyed before it was successfully built. For this reason, the two Level S and four Level A spies we hid with the Muyas have all-"

"How are the casualties of the Muyas? Give me more details from the solar system." Xu Yi interrupted Xu Shifang's report. This was a private communication between them. He was not interested in the data of the deaths of the spies in the Shadow Sect. He only wanted to know the information he wanted to know.

"The Muyas' Nine Satellites Solar System Expeditionary Force also suffered heavy losses. Before they tried to build a holy power tunnel, the number of Nine Satellites was already less than 20. After the holy power tunnel was destroyed, five to six people died.

"There are less than 15 of the Nine Satellites Planetary Realms in the solar system, there might only be 14 of them." Xu Shifang had a pained expression. "Elder, other than that, we also obtained an extremely important piece of information."

"Speak!"

"The Muyas might not be able to try to establish another holy power channel in the short term," Xu Shifang said.

"Why?"

"The top-secret information obtained by the two Level S spies shows that the Book of Enlightenment, the key holy artifact that the Muyas used to build the holy power tunnel, is damaged. It can't be repaired in a short period of time," Xu Shifang said in pain. He continued, "Elder, the two Level S spies sacrificed themselves for this. About their compensation, is it...?"

"Arrange a generous compensation." After saying that, Xu Yi asked anxiously with a heavy expression, "Is this information accurate?"

"Accurate!"

Hearing this, Xu Yi's expression darkened. He suddenly let out a helpless sigh. It seemed that he was not far from being forced into a desperate situation.

If the Blue Star could destroy the holy power tunnel that the Muyas were about to build, there was a high chance that they could also destroy the Great Xi Clan's warp tunnel. If the Great Xi Clan's warp tunnel was destroyed, it meant that the Blue Star or the Nine Luminaries Guardians of the ancient Heavenly Court still had some strength left.

Even if the Spiritual Race tried to build another intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, it was very likely that it would be destroyed by them again. To be honest, although the desperate solution he had thought of the day before yesterday could solve the situation, he was unwilling to use it unless he reached the last step.

"Send a copy of the information to Xu Zhijia and see what he thinks.

"Also, inform me immediately if the information from the Great Xi Clan comes," Xu Yi said. "Understood!"

Xu Shifang shook his head helplessly when he stepped out of the second level of the Sanctuary where Xu Yi was. He felt that the Great Elder was already a little impatient. He actually ignored the changes in the emotions of the Spiritual Race.

Although the Shadow Sect was not a large organization, they had always thought that it was very important. This time, the Shadow Sect had suffered such a huge loss in order to obtain information. There were many internal emotions, but the Great Elder did not personally comfort them.

Forget it. Xu Shifang shook his head. Who asked him to be one with Xu Yi? Who asked him to be the chief of confidentiality?

A generous compensation, double the compensation would be given to them

Just half an hour later, after dealing with most of the pressing matters, Xu Shifeng rushed to the Sanctuary to see Great Elder Xu Yi. There was information from the Great Xi Clan.

"The quark particle jumper of the Great Xi Clan was also destroyed. It was destroyed when the recharge was about to be completed. The Great Xi Clan also suffered heavy losses. When they were attacked by the Nine Luminaries' Guardians, at least four Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts died in battle."

Xu Yi read out the written report himself. However, his tone had the feeling of a hero in his twilight years. It was filled with helplessness and even a little despair. This meant that he only had one path left.

"Great Elder, this is the overall analysis report of the current situation inside and outside the solar system from Zhijia.

"He thinks that the current ancient Heavenly Court or the Blue Star humans are actually strong on the outside but weak on the inside. As long as we persevere and use enough time and confidence to exhaust them, we will definitely be able to flatten the solar system."

Xu Zhijia handed over a thick stack of reports. Xu Yi took them and scanned them with his powerful mind power. He understood in a few seconds. In the report, Xu Zhijia raised a very clear point.

The Guardians of the Nine Luminaries of the ancient Heavenly Court definitely had the limitations of frequency and space.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1