Chapter 1983: Surprise And Joy (3)

Chapter 1983: Surprise and Joy (3)

This teleportation was their hope and their future! It was very important! It'll succeed soon. Reinforcements would be here soon. However, at this moment, Huo Nan's expression suddenly changed drastically. "Be-"

Before Huo Nan could warn them, a cold and terrifying sword light slashed towards him. He had seen this sword light before. Its power was extremely sharp and terrifying. It could instantly kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm with one strike and severely injure his mental body.

Huo Nan reacted extremely quickly. The moment he saw the sword light, he attacked the sword light and retreated at lightning speed. This was an instinctive life-saving reaction. However, there was a problem with his retreat.

This was because Huo Nan was the person closest to the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. With his retreat, there was no one to protect the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

Almost at the same time, an invisible earth magnetic field crazily twisted towards the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

Cai Shaochu activated the Earth Guardian!

The second time was Mu Sheng, and the third was the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. However, at the same time, they were attacked by the Water and Wood Guardians.

What surprised Xu Tui was that the moment the Five Luminaries Guardians appeared, they activated the blazing light of the sun, which was the Sun Guardian. A blazing sunlight instantly blasted out from the sun of the solar system towards one of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators.

In an instant, the situation was in chaos. What was most soul-stirring was the terrifying light that shattered and collapsed from the attack of the Earth Guardian.

The light of the quantum fluctuation, as well as the energy formed by the large number of Origin Crystals that he had invested previously, instantly lost its restraint and exploded. It spread in all directions like a shockwave.

Xu Tui and the others did not suffer any losses after this wave of explosions. However, Huo Nan's Nine Satellites Planetary realms were the first to bear the brunt. Although it was not too powerful, the body of a severely injured Nine Satellites Planetary realm was shattered by the shockwave.

Another one died!

The Water Guardian and the Wood Guardian that Xu Tui controlled did not stay idle. They took advantage of the chaos and slashed out another wave. In an instant, two more Nine Satellites died on the spot.

Four more people from the Spiritual Race's Nine Satellites Planetary realm were killed, and one more was seriously injured. The blazing sunlight killed one of them. There were only 12 people in the Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Spiritual Race.

"Spread out! Spread out!" Huo Nan screamed in fear. He looked at the dark and silent starry sky with fear. Could the Nine Luminaries Guardians of the solar system still blast their way here? Could he still chase after their butts?

Huo Nan was really afraid! He felt like he was enveloped by death. It was also at this moment that Huo Nan's Ling Inquiry Disk rang crazily. Huo Nan, who was escaping, answered.

On the other side, Xu Yi was about to go crazy on Asteroid 1142. The water-type Nine Satellites supernatural being had already stepped into the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. The reinforcements were about to successfully pass.

He was just three seconds away! In three seconds, this wave of fluctuations would come. However, the newly built intergalactic quantum teleportation channel collapsed.

It collapsed!

The shockwave caused a scene of chaos. However, Xu Yi's heart fluctuated like the curve of the Blue Star's stock market collapse. It plummeted. His hope was dashed! He had even sacrificed a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

It was simply...

At this moment, Xu Yi wanted to kill someone! How could this be! This was too infuriating! "Quick, contact Huo Nan immediately. I want to know what happened!" Xu Yi roared.

Xu Shifang was sweating profusely. He was contacting Huo Nan. The Ling Inquiry Disk kept calling, but Huo Nan refused to answer. He was helpless. He was also very anxious.

Xu Shifang knew very well that he and Xu Yi would be honored and harmed together. If the Great Elder was done for, he was done for. Therefore, he was really anxious!

Usually, 20 minutes would pass in the blink of an eye. But now, these 20 minutes are as long as a year. Great Elder Xu Yi counted the seconds. He was too anxious! Twenty minutes later, Huo Nan finally picked up the Ling Inquiry Disk. What he heard was a completely different sound from before.

"The Guardians of the Blue Star's Nine Luminaries seem to be able to chase after our butts! They can track us to the planet! We lost four more people in battle! One was seriously injured! There are still 12 people in our expeditionary army. There are still nine who have combat strength! Reinforcements, we need reinforcements!"

Huo Nan, whose life was threatened, was really frightened. He had almost died! Just now, as long as the two Nine Luminaries Guardians attacked him at the same time, he would definitely die. Fortunately, the other party chose to destroy the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

"Calm down!" Xu Yi was extremely anxious and kept comforting him. Huo Nan was also an elder. He had only lost his composure in the face of death just now and immediately recovered. After a short exchange, Xu Yi said directly, "Huo Nan, try to build another intergalactic quantum teleportation channel!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1