Chapter 1984: A Plan To Break The Life And Death Game (1)

Chapter 1984: A Plan to Break the Life and Death Game (1)

"Huo Nan, try to build another intergalactic quantum teleportation channel!"

Great Elder Xu Yi's words instantly angered Huo Nan. He was so angry that he was about to flare up on the spot. He almost pointed at Xu Yi through the Ling Inquiry Disk and scolded him.

But Huo Nan was the third main elder after all. He was extremely shrewd. The moment his anger was about to erupt, he suppressed it. Huo Nan understood that Great Elder Xu Yi had already been roasted on the fire. He urgently needed a quantum teleportation array to prove or give him a way out.

Otherwise, Xu Yi's term as the Great Elder would have come to an end.

Of course, Xu Yi did not entirely ask them to tempt fate. He was betting on the probability!

Everyone understood that the Nine Luminaries Guardians of the Blue Star or the ancient Heavenly Court would definitely have restrictions. It was impossible for it to be used continuously.

If they could really use it endlessly, the Blue Star would have wiped them out long ago. There was definitely a limit. There was a high chance that it was a limit to the number of times they could use it. Both Huo Nan and Xu Yi had already guessed this.

This probability was a probability of success for Xu Yi. It was just a number. To Huo Nan and the rest of the expeditionary forces who were in a desperate situation, either they died or lived.

Life and death are only between one thought.

Huo Nan did not want to gamble. Yet he knew that their expeditionary army had suffered extremely heavy losses. Whether they wanted to survive or return to the Spiritual Race's Star Field in the future, they had to obtain the strong support of the local people.

No matter what happened to Xu Yi in the future, he was still in charge of the Spiritual Race. This was one of the reasons why Huo Nan did not fall out with Xu Yi immediately.

"Brother, I think that we must not rebuild the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel in a short period of time. If we fail to rebuild the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel again, our expedition might really fail. We definitely won't have a third chance." Huo Nan looked emotional and directly addressed him as Big Brother. There was indeed such a term of address within the Spiritual Race's main elders.

"What do you mean?" Xu Yi asked.

"Brother, in that wave just now, the Blue Star humans used long-range attacks to kill four of our Nine Satellites in one go and severely injure another. Even I was injured. There were still nine people with combat strength. What if the Blue Star came again? How many of us can survive? Seven people, or five?

"If the situation just now had happened again, or if Mu Sheng and I had both died in battle, no matter how many people were left, the morale of the army would have completely collapsed! There was no hope! In despair, no one will try to rebuild the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel again," Huo Nan said sincerely.

"You are the experts of the Nine Satellites..."

"Brother, Nine Satellites is also a human! They're not gods! Almost 70% of them had died in battle. If it were any other normal troops, they would have collapsed eight to ten times. Now, only I, the main elder, am still alive and holding on. Otherwise, some of these people might have surrendered to the Blue Star," Huo Nan said.

"How dare they!" Xu Yi shouted, but to a certain extent, his anger was a manifestation of his incompetence. He understood that what Huo Nan said was true. "Can we still carry out an operation to establish a cross-galactic quantum teleportation channel?" Xu Yi took a deep breath and asked, "How confident are you of success?"

"I don't have any confidence at all. At the moment, I think the probability of failure is higher," Huo Nan said.

Xu Yi was stunned. He did not expect that to be the answer. Wouldn't he be wasting his time with Huo Nan?

"Brother, we are currently hiding in an underground natural cave on Asteroid 1142. However, we are not sure if the Nine Luminaries Guardian of the Blue Star can blast into the depths of the natural cave.

"We wanted to test it, but in the current situation, we no longer had the chance or were allowed to do so.

"In theory, if we want to turn the tables, we have to succeed the next time we rebuild the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel!" At this moment, facing life and death, Huo Nan's mind was extremely clear.

"How do you succeed? Didn't you say that you weren't confident at all?" Xu Yi frowned.

"Brother, we actually still have a chance. There are two directions."

"Speak!"

"The first is to pay close attention to the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan. Nine Satellites from the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan will also successfully invade the solar system. In that case, their Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force would definitely establish the corresponding teleportation channel immediately.

"What happened next would depend on the Blue Star's reaction. If the Blue Star ignored or attacked them when they established the teleportation channel, but did not destroy it, That meant that the Nine Luminaries Guardians on the Blue Star were already powerless. We still have a chance! We will be able to safely establish another intergalactic quantum teleportation channel," Huo Nan said.

"What if theirs are also destroyed?" Xu Yi asked.

"This is the other direction, Brother."

"Speak!"

"Brother, if the teleportation tunnels of the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan are also destroyed, it means that the Blue Star still has the power to destroy our quantum teleportation Tunnel. Then, we can only choose to lie low for the time being and wait for another day. This way, we still have a chance to succeed in the future. We still have a chance to wait for reinforcements." Huo Nan said.

After hearing this, Xu Yi ended the call after instructing him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1