Chapter 1988: The Appearance Of A Heavyweight Traitor (2)

Chapter 1988: The Appearance of a Heavyweight Traitor (2)

Without energy, they could not do anything in a short period of time. They could only turn to the solar system to collect Origin Crystals to provide energy like the commander of the

expeditionary army, Günter.

However, they were poor. Without the cooperation of the relevant machines and instruments, it would take a large amount of time for them to obtain enough Origin Crystals. Back then, Günter had painstakingly accumulated 200,000 grams of Origin Crystals after three years. That was when he had brought thousands of people.

Now, there were only a dozen or so people in the Great Xi Clan. If Xu Tui's plan succeeded, the Great Xi Clan would no longer be a threat for the time being.

"Ready!"

On an asteroid with an extremely harsh natural environment not far from the solar system's high-temperature fire screen, the remaining 19 Nine Satellites Planetary realm of the Great Xi Clan, other than a portion of them constantly throwing energy prismatic crystals, were all protecting the quark particle transition center in a three-dimensional circle.

Under such a protective state, they would be able to last a minute or two even if 20 to 30 Nine Satellites came. The quark particle jumper was about to be successfully activated.

Commander Jin Ding observed all of this steadily. He looked into the sky from time to time. Xu Tui, who was observing the situation with the Thousand Eye Divine Lord, suddenly had a change in his gaze. It was different. This Jin Ding, who was also the commander of the Great Xi Clan's Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force, was different from the other Great Xi Clan.

The other 18 members of the Great Xi Clan were completely standard Great Xi Clan members. Their silver-green, matte bodies and linear bodies were extremely exquisite. However, Jin Ding had a different kind of majestic aura. His figure was even more majestic and burly. He was wearing dark golden armor and had a unique domineering aura.

Xu Tui had never seen a special Great Xi like Jin Ding, including during the battle at the Western Heavenly Gate. The reason why he paid attention was that Jin Ding looked a little similar to the commander of the Heavenly Court guards.

This was especially so for the unique and extremely domineering dark golden armor. Although many places had been decorated, it had the characteristics of the ancient Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui suddenly had a thought.

"Lieutenant Wei, let Dongyu Jiajiu and the others take a look at the commander's appearance. Does he look familiar?" Xu Tui ordered. As he waited, he quietly observed the energy brightness of the Great Xi Clan's quark particle transition center.

Currently, it has lit up 90%. After lighting up 100%, they would be able to use it as a guide to undergo a transition. According to his previous observations, every 500 energy crystals they invested would light up a layer of light. Xu Tui wanted to maximize his benefits. He wanted to wait for the Great Xi Clan to invest another few hundred energy crystals before destroying it.

According to his previous observations, each of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm cultivators of the Great Xi Clan carried about 300 to 500 energy crystals. The highest number one released was 400 energy crystals. He must still have some leftovers in his hands. He would not use up all the energy he used to recover his energy.

According to this calculation, the energy crystals carried by the 19 Great Xi Clan's Nine Satellites were enough to activate the quark particle jump device twice. However, it would probably not be enough if Xu Tui killed a few of the Great Xi's Nine Satellites.

Xu Tui was quietly waiting for an opportunity. Suddenly, Wei Bin's voice rang through the communication device.

"Commander, we've already shown the high-definition portrait of that commander to all the commanders of the four Heavenly Gates of the Heavenly Court at the same time. They did not know him! Or rather, the characteristics he had obtained so far were not obvious enough to distinguish. However, all the commanders can confirm one thing," Wei Bin said.

"What is it?"

"This commander is 100% related to the great commander of the ancient Heavenly Court. Or perhaps he had the seal of the ancient Heavenly Court's great commander that he had refined, or perhaps he was a great commander of the ancient Heavenly Court himself.

"This was because the golden helmets and golden armors of the great commanders of the ancient Heavenly Court were no longer standard-issue. Instead, they were custom-made for them. Every golden helmet and golden armor of a great commander was refined and locked onto the aura of the corresponding great commander.

"Those who are not great commanders or the owners of the seal can't wear it." After saying that, Wei Bin added, "They said that although there are slight external changes to the golden armor on this commander's body, the main patterns of the ancient Heavenly Court's armor are still there."

Xu Tui's expression instantly froze. In the military, the so-called private customization was mostly just an additional change in personality and modification. The main body was the same. After all, the great commander's golden helmet and golden armor were symbols of his identity. If the appearance changed too much, it would lose its corresponding effect.

In other words...

"Commander, the opinion given by the staff team is that the commander of the Great Xi's Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force is very likely to be a traitor of the ancient Heavenly Court. He is also a traitor among high-level generals. If we have the chance, we could capture him alive! Perhaps it can bring us an extremely shocking discovery," Wei Bin said.

"Yes, I understand."

Xu Tui's expression was extremely stern. The truth or enigma of the destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court had already begun to surface. Among the high-ranking officers like the great commanders, there were traitors. In that case, he had to capture Jin Ding alive if he had the chance.

After all, this was the first traitor of the ancient Heavenly Court that Xu Tui had discovered. If he could interrogate him, it would be very helpful in solving the mystery of the destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court.

There was no need to capture him alive. As long as they communicated for a while after the encounter, Xu Tui would be able to obtain a breakthrough discovery through his mind

reading.

Just as he was deep in thought, Xu Tui's eyes flashed. It was about time. The energy accumulation of the Great Xi's quark particle jumper had basically been completed.

"Kill!" Xu Tui's shout suddenly rang out.

Almost at the same time, Cai Shaochu's Guardian was the first to blast towards the center of the quark particle transition. However, the moment the Sun Guardian fluctuation appeared, a cold smile appeared in Jin Ding's eyes.

The six pairs of light wings that appeared behind him suddenly shone brightly and protected the quark particle jumper in advance. All of Cai Shaochu's attacks landed on him, but it only caused his pair of light wings to lose their luster.

"Focus fire!" Xu Tui changed his strategy almost at the same time.

This Jin Ding was definitely a traitor. Otherwise, he would not have been so familiar with the attack pattern of the Nine Luminaries Guardians that he had made preparations in advance. But the other 18 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts also began to send energy to Jin Ding with all their might, forming an extremely thick energy shield to block this wave of concentrated fire.

After this wave of concentrated fire, Cai Shaochu's Guardian announced that there was no possibility of attacking for the time being.

The next wave of concentrated fire would only be weaker. Based on the current situation, the four attacks of the remaining Nine Luminaries Guardians would not be able to break through their defenses and destroy their quark particle jumpers when the 19 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts were already prepared.

Once it could not be destroyed, the Great Xi Clan would send a large number of elite Nine Satellites into the solar system in ten minutes at most. Then...

"What should we do? There are still two more times for my Moon Guardian," Shang Long

said.

The former traitor commander, Jin Ding, flapped the six pairs of energy wings behind him and lowered his head to look at the endless starry sky. His eyes were filled with coldness. It was

even a provocation!

"Heh, I'll fulfill your wish!" As Xu Tui sneered, he had already entered the Sun Star Lord Hall. The two emperor seals, the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the Ziwei Emperor of the North Pole, flew out at the same time. The red fire slip, which was the Fire Spirit Book,

instantly flew out.

Xu Tui forcefully communicated with the Fire Origin Universe and the Sun Guardian when the two emperor seals were connected. In the next moment, the sun in the originally dim solar system suddenly flashed with light, as if a solar storm had erupted.

A terrifying blazing pillar of light blasted towards the energy shield with Jin Ding's six pairs

of light wings as the center.

At this moment, Jin Ding's expression changed. As if sensing something, the six pairs of energy wings suddenly retracted and flashed into the distance. The blazing sunlight that had obtained the support of the energy of the Fire Origin Universe directly pierced through the

energy shield.

The Great Xi members who had formed an energy shield all vomited blood and were severely injured. Taking advantage of the moment when the shield dissipated, Shang Long's Moon Guardian slashed into the ball of light of the quark particle jumper again.

Xu Tui also activated the other two Nine Luminaries Guardians to kill the enemy.

At the same time, Xu Yi also received the latest report.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1