Chapter 1982: Surprise And Joy (2)

Chapter 1982: Surprise and Joy (2)

"Have they started over there?" Everyone was shocked when Xu Yi arrived.

"It has already begun," Xu Shifang replied. "The countdown is 21 minutes."

Hearing this, Xu Yi heaved a sigh of relief. Hope. That was his hope. The waiting time was a little boring. Xu Yi asked about other matters. "By the way, how's the research on continuing to send the expeditionary army to pass through from the solar system's High-Temperature fire screen?"

"Great Elder, there's plenty of places that our race needs to deploy the soldiers, so the number of Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts that we can conscript is already very limited. In a short period of time, we could only recruit 20 Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

"However, the plan given by the general staff of the Central Army Corps was that with just 20 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts, the possibility of them being wiped out was as high as 70%. Or even more than 80%!" Xu Shifang said solemnly.

"80%!" This number made Xu Yi's expression change. This was an extremely tragic probability on the battlefield. There was an 80% chance that they had all been wiped out. Even if they survived, there would not be many left. "Why would there be such a deduction?" "The explanation given by the general staff of the Central Army Corps under Lord Zhijia is that firstly, only 16 of the 44 Nine Satellites survived the attack. The key was that the third main elder, Lord Huo Nan, had sacrificed a spiritual treasure bestowed by the Holy Ancestor.

"Under such circumstances, even if the various Guardians of the solar system were weakened, they had to organize 40 to 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts at once to have about 15 survivors.

"Secondly, the latest data showed that the energy fluctuations in the solar system's high- temperature fire screen had increased by 2.8% in these 14 days. This was already much higher than the energy intensity when Elder Huo Nan and the others passed through.

"This meant that the second wave of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force would suffer greater losses than the first wave when they passed through the high-temperature fire screen.

"Therefore, the lowest number of people for the second wave of the expeditionary army given by the general staff of the Central Army is 50 Nine Satellites Planetary realms. The casualty factor is between 0.5 and 0.7," Xu Shifang said.

After saying that, Xu Shifang paused for a moment and said, "We can't mobilize 50 Nine Satellites in a short period of time unless we mobilize a portion of the 120 Nine Satellites on the small universe battlefield. Or we can mobilize the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts that were guarding against the Muyas and Great Xi Clan."

Xu Yi did not respond. If they organized another 50 Nine Satellites to an expedition, the casualty coefficient would be 0.5 to 0.7. Even if the median was 0.6, 30 of the 50 would die in battle. Another 30 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts had died in battle. Even if he took down the solar system, his position as the Great Elder would come to an end.

After all, only his direct descendants could be mobilized to tempt fate.

"Let's wait for the results here." Xu Yi looked at the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel that had been set up.

Fifteen minutes later, an internal structure elder of the Sanctuary suddenly said in surprise, "Great Elder, there's a quantum signal fluctuation. It's being connected."

As soon as these words were spoken, even Xu Yi was looking forward to it, let alone Xu Shifang. Once the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was completed, this matter would be settled.

Even if only one Nine Satellites could pass on the first day, it would have a huge impact on the morale of the expeditionary army. If it lasted for dozens of days, an army would pass through. There was hope! It was really Xu Yi's hope!

Three minutes later, the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel in front of him suddenly fluctuated violently. Xu Yi's mental perception had already been sensed clearly.

It succeeded! The intergalactic quantum teleportation channel had been successfully connected. In less than a second, a jade slip with basic information flew out of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

Xu Shifang looked at the jade slip and said with a smile, "Everything is normal. You can teleport." Then, he looked at Great Elder Xu Yi.

"Reply to them. Prepare for teleportation!"

In the next moment, Xu Shifang replied to the testing jade slip and added a spiritual seal. He threw it back into the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. At the same time, a large number of Origin Crystals were thrown into the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel and melted. They were being recharged.

...

"Do we still have to wait?" Qu Qingshan could not sit still in the Huoyao Star Lord Hall.

In terms of Qi-cultivation, he was the weakest. Cai Shaochu, Shang Long, and Wei Bin did not speak. They were all waiting for Xu Tui's orders.

"Wait a little longer. Since it's a surprise, we have to make them shocked and happy." Xu Tui sneered.

Xu Tui had such confidence because he was too familiar with the characteristics of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. With every little change, he knew what was going on in the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. He had personally refined it, built it, teleported it, and destroyed it. He was too familiar with it. "Follow the plan. Get ready!" Xu Tui's voice suddenly rang out.

In the next moment, Xu Tui's shout suddenly sounded when the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel established by the Spiritual Race lit up with a strong light. "Kill!" On the nameless asteroid, Huo Nan, Mu Sheng, and the other 14 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts with different injuries were staring intently at the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

One by one, mind power spread out in all directions and guarded the surroundings of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, afraid that any accidents would interfere with this teleportation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1