Chapter 1985: The Strategy To Break The Life And Death Game (2)

Chapter 1985: The Strategy to Break the Life and Death Game (2)

Xu Yi had completely understood the current situation.

Huo Nan's analysis was very, very correct. He would observe the situation of the other two races and analyze the information. He would wait for the right time. It would have been fine if the teleportation channels of the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas had not been destroyed.

If it was destroyed, then Huo Nan could continue to lie low and wait for reinforcements. However, he, the Great Elder, could not wait. He could not wait for long. He was in a difficult position!

This was a trap that surrounded him, the Great Elder. It might even be a dead end! Even if Huo Nan and the others were completely wiped out in this battle, it would at most be a loss for the Spiritual Race. They could completely withstand it.

However, to Xu Yi, it was a battle of his own fate! If he succeeded, he would continue to be the king. If he failed, he would be the bandit.

How should he break the situation? Xu Yi fell into deep thought. This was because an existence like him, who held the highest position in the clan, would usually end up in a very miserable state if he did not take a step forward and landed safely.

Death and extermination was considered a light punishment. He could take another step forward and completely condense a small universe. Even if he made a mistake, he could retreat safely. However, this step was as difficult as ascending to the heavens.

Safe landing...

Xu Yi began to pace and think hard.

...

To be honest, Xu Tui was very curious about the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord Seal or the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord. This function was too powerful. In technological terms, it was the ultra-long-range transmigrate remote sensing matrix radar, the quantum frequency into a phase-long-range remote sensing fire control radar.

In terms of technology, this technological difference was definitely ahead of the Blue Star's radar technology by three to five generations, or even more.

Xu Tui could clearly see Huo Nan hiding in an underground sky cave on this nameless asteroid with the remaining 11 Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts.

Yes, he could still see them. It could be seen that Huo Nan was holding the Ling Inquiry Disk and communicating. He should be communicating with the Spiritual Race. Unfortunately, he could not hear what was being said.

The Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's seal did not have this function.

Xu Tui thought of another famous clergy, the Clairaudient. There was also one in the many Holy Temples of the ancient Heavenly Court called Divine Lord Clairaudient. It was at the side of the Thousand Eye Divine Lord Hall. Would he be able to hear what they were saying from afar? If that was the case, it would be too awesome.

Xu Tui glanced at the projection image of the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan. It was still under construction. His figure flashed and he turned into the Clairaudient Divine Lord Hall. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, which had been refined to 99%, could suppress everything in the current empty ancient Heavenly Court. He forcefully opened the door and entered. Of course, he could only enter the hall.

Xu Tui was stunned the moment he entered the hall. He did not manage to find the Divine Lord Clairaudient's seal. Moreover, the Divine Lord Clairaudient's jade seat in the middle of the hall was covered in countless cracks.

It was like broken porcelain. It might have been completely shattered by a poke. However, it was not completely shattered.

Xu Tui understood the situation. There was a high chance that Divine Lord Clairaudient had died in battle when the ancient Heavenly Court was overturned. Even the seal might have been severely injured. Or perhaps he had brought it out to participate in the battle and died in the outside world.

Xu Tui took advantage of this time to make another trip to the Sunlight Divine Lord Hall. He already had some understanding of the Nine Luminaries Guardian. Among the Nine Luminaries Guardians, the Sun Guardian was the most special. Its attacks were almost endless. This might be related to the existence of the sun.

However, this did not mean that the Sun Guardian was invincible. According to the current scientific theory, the energy produced by fusion in the sun was extremely terrifying.

Similarly, a scorching light of the Sun Guardian crossed countless distances at high speed and blasted to the side of the solar system's high-temperature fire screen. Although Xu Tui did not understand how the ancient Heavenly Court did this, the energy consumption was definitely huge.

The energy that was really consumed during this process might be tens of thousands of times, 100,000 times, a million times, or even tens of millions of times more than the energy needed to kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Therefore, the characteristic of the Sun Guardian was that it could be used infinitely. However, its power would be weaker every time it was used. Previously, it could instantly kill a Nebula Realm expert. Now, it could only severely injure a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert. If it was unlucky, it would not be able to kill him.

The only way to recover was time!

As for replenishing energy from the Fire Origin Universe, Xu Tui had not truly grasped the Sun Guardian. He had only forcefully obtained a portion of his rights through the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Therefore, he could not take the initiative to

communicate with the Fire Origin Universe.

As he frowned, he observed the movements of the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan while he thought about the future.

It was worth mentioning that in the Blue Star, the billions of Blue Star humans had witnessed history and miracles time and time again.

It was already the beginning of March on the Blue Star, especially in many places in Huaxia. It was the warm spring season when flowers bloomed. Vagabonds began to go out for a youth

tour.

However, on this day, countless Blue Star Humans saw the usually dazzling sun suddenly flash. Many experts said that it was a solar flare. Some said that it was a dazzling sun. Many people watched it as an astronomical miracle.

But soon, something terrifying happened.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1