Chapter 1999: The Time The Holy Ancestor Was Waiting For Is Here (2)

Chapter 1999: The Time the Holy Ancestor Was Waiting for Is Here (2)

"One of them can directly build an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel for you in the solar system. As long as the Spiritual Race's intergalactic quantum teleportation channel is completed, your two races will also have an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. I guarantee that the time difference will not exceed half a day," Xu Yi said.

Lu Qi smiled again and looked at Qiao An. This time, Qiao An spoke.

"Only two sets of intergalactic quantum array cores. That's not enough," Qiao An said.

"Three sets are fine too." Xu Yi raised the price. He knew very well that if he spoke today, he would definitely be extorted by the other party. The other party would definitely ask for an exorbitant price.

But so what? Even if he suffered some losses, he would only lose the collective benefits of the Spiritual Race. As long as this plan succeeded, Xu Yi's position as the first elder would be guaranteed. There was no need for that last step.

"Too little."

This time, it was Lu Qi who gave a negative opinion.

"If three sets are too little, then five! Five sets of intergalactic quantum array cores is enough to show my sincerity. You have to know that our annual production of intergalactic quantum array cores is not much," Xu Yi said.

After saying that, Xu Yi looked at Qiao An and Lu Qi with anticipation. To be honest, he felt that his price was very sincere. However, to his disappointment, neither Qiao An nor Lu Qi expressed anything.

"It's not enough." Lu Qi shook his head again. This statement made Xu Yi's heart sink. However, this was not his final bottom line.

"Executive Lu, I think I'm already very sincere. If you think it's not enough, then state a price. I could see if I could accept it. We'll talk again," Xu Yi said.

"Alright, you said it." Lu Qi laughed.

Xu Yi nodded, looking like he was listening. He was not afraid of you asking for a price, but he was afraid that you would not ask for a price. There was a good saying: ask for a sky-high price and return the money.

"I want all the refinement methods of the intergalactic quantum array core, including at least 100 sets of refinement materials." Lu Qi offered a sky-high price that he thought Xu Yi would not accept.

Unexpectedly, Xu Yi did not refuse immediately. Instead, he revealed a thoughtful expression. This meant that Xu Yi's bottom line might be...

At the same time, the fact that he could accept such conditions meant that something might really happen within the Spiritual Race. Would the Great Xi Clan or the Muyas betray their unique quark particle transition technology and holy power channel teleportation technology?

The answer was no! Absolutely not!

This was because this concerned the foundation of the two races. However, at this moment, Xu Yi could.

"Sure, but whether you can learn it depends on you!" Xu Yi gritted his teeth and actually agreed.

Qiao An's gaze shifted slightly. Was Xu Yi crazy? He could even agree to that?

"I also want the two Core Refinement Masters in the inner hall of the Spiritual Race's Sanctuary to be able to refine intergalactic quantum array cores and make them accept my control." Qiao An suddenly added.

This time, Xu Yi's eyes widened. He stood up and objected, "Your Holiness Qiao An, this... this condition is impossible."

Xu Yi felt that Qiao An and Lu Qi were like two vampires or two crazy hungry wolves who wanted to bite him to death.

"This is the bottom line requirement of our two races!" Lu Qi suddenly supported Qiao An.

Qiao An smiled and nodded to confirm again.

Xu Yi was stunned. He gritted his teeth and looked like a hero who had cut off his wrist. There was even a tragic expression on his face. "Only one Core Refinement Master can be given. One. However, you have to first try to establish a teleportation Tunnel to clear the way for us..."

Xu Yi's words seemed to have made him extremely determined. He had thought that he would satisfy these two by satisfying them without any bottom line and agree to the request of the alliance army.

However, just as Xu Yi agreed, Pope Qiao An shook her head and smiled. As she smiled, her figure began to dissipate in the Galaxy Parliament.

Lu Qi of the Great Xi Clan also laughed. As he laughed, his figure began to dissipate in the Galaxy Parliament.

Xu Yi was stunned. His eyes widened. For a moment, he could not understand why. However, there was a stunned communication between Qiao An and Lu Qi.

"Xu Yi might have gone crazy."

"No one can guarantee that the transaction will go smoothly when they make a deal with a lunatic. After all, the credibility of a lunatic is hard to say."

"There will definitely be a huge change in the future within the Spiritual Race."

"Yes, Your Holiness Qiao An. What do you plan to do about the predicament of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force?"

"Wait, there will be a way to break through! Besides, we're not in a hurry. I think it won't be long before the Spiritual Race clears the way for us," Qiao An said.

"Unfortunately, the Spiritual Race's intergalactic quantum array core technology is a once- in-a-lifetime technology." Lu Qi sighed.

"Then you can try trading with Xu Yi. I don't want to."

At this point, Qiao An's voice and figure dissipated at the same time.

Lu Qi, who was only left with a little afterimage, suddenly slowed down. "Great Elder Xu, if you are willing to hand over all the previous conditions to me, then I can get the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force to clear the way for you."

"That's impossible!" Xu Yi was a little agitated and rejected him firmly. "What I need the most now is time!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1