Chapter 1998: The Time The Holy Ancestor Was Waiting For Is Here (1)

Chapter 1998: The Time the Holy Ancestor Was Waiting for Is Here (1)

"Form an alliance army of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force?" The light wings on the back of the chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi, flapped. He smiled and turned to look at the Pope of the Muyas, Qiao An.

Qiao An looked at Xu Yi and Lu Qi and smiled, but she did not say anything.

Xu Yi instantly understood that they had rejected him. But since he was very weak today and even said that he was a little low-class, he was prepared to convince the two of them. Under normal circumstances, he could not say what he wanted.

According to normal political thinking, if Xu Yi wanted the three races to form the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force Alliance, he could not expose his needs too much. He could not even raise them. Instead, he would slowly guide the other two to raise the idea of the alliance army.

But he had thought about it many times.

He can't do it!

Although Qiao An was quiet, her political intelligence was definitely above average. Her eyes were clear. It was not an exaggeration to say that she was wise enough to see through everything.

As for Lu Qi from the Great Xi Clan, he was also a cunning fellow with a thick face and a dark heart.

These two people were definitely on par with Xu Yi in terms of politics. Therefore, it was almost impossible for Xu Yi to use normal political methods to not expose his needs and guide these two people to complete the alliance.

It was also because of this that Xu Yi used this stupid and low-level method. He was the one who suggested it and exposed his ultimate wish. However, there were ways to succeed.

Xu Yi had set two lines for himself to convince these two people-sincerity and sacrifice.

"Currently, the teleportation tunnels of the three of us, be it the Muyas, our Spiritual Race, or the Great Xi Clan, have all been destroyed by the Nine Luminaries Guardians of the ancient Heavenly Court.

"I know, and I believe in your current thoughts. Currently, the two of you should really want to try to establish another teleportation channel, but you did not dare to do so immediately. This was because once you tried to establish it, it might be destroyed by the Nine Luminaries Guardians again. Once it was destroyed, the expeditionary army would suffer heavy losses again.

"Moreover, the key is that any of the three races will have to pay a huge price every time they want to establish an intergalactic teleportation channel. The resources carried by the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force were limited. At most, they could try to establish two to three Teleportation channels, right?

"If it was destroyed again, we would not be able to send a large number of elites into the solar system in a short period of time. You, or rather, we, should be waiting for others to pave the way for you, right? Or rather, we are all waiting for the other races to try to establish another teleportation tunnel to clear mines for us and consume the power of the Nine Luminaries Guardians. After all, we all know that the Nine Luminaries Guardian is not infinite," Xu Yi said.

Even though Xu Yi had said a lot, Lu Qi and Qiao An did not say anything. "Great Elder Xu, what exactly do you want to do?" Lu Qi asked.

"Under normal circumstances, neither of the three of us is willing to build another teleportation channel in advance to clear the way for the other two. However, I have a way. If the three races could form an alliance, I can ensure that we can successfully build a teleportation channel in an extremely short period of time," Xu Yi said.

"What's the details?" Lu Qi asked. Qiao An still did not say anything.

"I hope that the two of you will begin to build a teleportation Tunnel again and clear the way for the Spiritual Race. Or rather, you will consume the power of the Nine Luminaries' Guardians. Then our three races will definitely be able to build a teleportation channel in a short period of time," Xu Yi said.

Hearing this, the corners of Pope Qian An's mouth curled up slightly. A sneer appeared. The chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi, sneered. "Great Elder Xu, are you stupid, or are we? In the end, I'm afraid that only your Spiritual Race can build a teleportation channel."

"Don't be anxious. Let me finish. Whether it's the Muyas' holy power teleportation channel or the Great Xi Clan's teleportation channel, they need a large number of resources to support them every time they are built. Only the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel of the Spiritual Race is very convenient to build and consumes less resources.

"The Spiritual Race's Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force carried 20 sets of intergalactic quantum array cores. Moreover, we still have the ability to build another 20 intergalactic quantum teleportation channels after suffering heavy losses."

"Then build it." Qiao An, who had not spoken, suddenly said something that made Xu Yi depressed.

He almost could not continue. If he could continue building, he would not have to waste his breath here.

"Your Holiness Qiao An, you must be joking. Our Spiritual Race's expeditionary force suffered heavy losses! Our Spiritual Race's intergalactic quantum teleportation channel doesn't have much need for resources, but it has a huge need for people," Xu Yi said.

"Great Elder Xu, be direct. Don't beat around the bush." Lu Qi knocked on the seat and smiled. Xu Yi's expression tightened. Then, he nodded with a bitter smile. Indeed, in front of these two people, no matter how good their words were or how dignified their reasons were, they would be seen through by them.

"Simply said, because of the pressure from my race, I need to successfully build a cross- galactic quantum teleportation channel in a short period of time. I need time. Therefore, I need your Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force to help me clear the way. Of course, there was a reward. Two sets of intergalactic quantum array cores each."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1