Chapter 1996: Alliance Of The Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force? (2)

Chapter 1996: Alliance of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force? (2)

There were different opinions. However, Xu Tui felt that there should be an expert among the keyboard warriors. He did not know who had guessed the answer correctly. In that case, why did the Spiritual Race, the Spiritual Race's Holy Ancestor, or the three races want to invade the solar system and capture the Blue Star?

What did the Blue Star have?

To be honest, Xu Tui had discussed and studied this problem with everyone. However, Xu Tui, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, and Wei Bin, the natives of the Blue Star, had searched through the known resources of the Blue Star and did not find anything particularly valuable that would become a target of the Spiritual Race.

It could even be said that if the Spiritual Race could clearly suggest that they wanted something from the Blue Star, they could give them whatever they wanted as long as it was a non-human life resource on the Blue Star.

As long as the Spiritual Race was willing to retreat, the most important thing on the Blue Star was humans. As for those resources, even if they were nuclear-related, they could be given

away.

It was not that Xu Tui and the others had not thought that the targets of the three races were the Blue Star Humans. But before this, what was Lei Tian, who was at the Spiritual Race's forward operating base, doing after capturing so many Blue Star humans?

They were raised like livestock and extracted their spirits. Even if the Spiritual Race's target was the Blue Star humans, what about the Great Xi Clan?

Previously, the Great Xi Clan had killed all the captives of the Blue Star humans. The Muyas were even more ferocious. They treated the Blue Star humans as food and ate them on the spot. They did not care if they were effective or not.

From this point of view, if the goals of the three races were the same, their goal would definitely not be the Blue Star humans. Was that consistent? There was no answer at the

moment.

However, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, and the others ended the current information and gave a few guesses. Could the goal of the three races to attack the Blue Star be related to the ancient Heavenly Court? Could it be because the Blue Star was the origin of the gods of the ancient Heavenly Court? Or rather, could they only complete an important step of occupying the ancient Heavenly Court by occupying the Blue Star? Or perhaps it was for the Samsara Small Universe?

From the looks of it, other than the Earth, Water, Wind, and Fire Origin Universes, only the Samsara Small Universe was related to spirits. However, no one knew what the Samsara Small Universe was like.

If this was the starting point of his guess, then was the Samsara Small Universe on the Blue Star? Or was the key on the Blue Star? The key to opening it was on Blue Star? Or perhaps, the three races wanted to completely destroy the ancient Heavenly Court.

And the key to completely destroying the ancient Heavenly Court was the Blue Star. Or perhaps there was a big shot in the ancient Heavenly Court who might be hiding on the Blue Star?

Xu Tui and the others had all kinds of guesses about this. However, no one could determine the answer. This was not useless, though. At the very least, it provided Blue Star with an idea.

Xu Tui himself not only began to study the myths and legends related to the Netherworld on the Blue Star, but also the historical materials related to the Six Paths of Reincarnation. He also began to send people to Huaxia to explore and search for relevant abnormalities to see if they had gained anything.

However, Xu Tui was thinking about the Star Ruins that the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, had mentioned.

The known reincarnation seals had come from there. Could there be an entrance to the Samsara Small Universe?

If not for the fact that the battle was urgent, Xu Tui only wanted to explore the Star Ruins immediately. Of course, although the higher-ups of the Blue Star extra-terrestrial were thinking and exploring, their normal actions did not stop.

The fourth iron-blooded plan had already begun. Dozens of extra-terrestrial survival bases had already begun to be built at the same time. It could be said that the Blue Star's Doomsday Survival mode had already begun.

However, it might take years for ordinary people to feel all of this. Of course, the current plan was not to transfer all the humans on the Blue Star to the extra-terrestrial Survival Base.

Currently, in the solar system, only Planet Kono and Planet Spirit were naturally suitable for the survival of humans on the Blue Star. There was no need to build a Survival Base, much less a life-support system.

After undergoing the corresponding strengthening of microorganisms and virus immunity, ordinary people could directly survive in the open after arriving at these two planets.

The problem was that one of these two planets was once the forward operating base of the Spiritual Race, and the other had a cosmic tunnel node. They would definitely be discovered by the extraterrestrial invaders in the future.

In other words, these two planets could not be used.

On planets with harsh natural conditions, it was easy to build small-scale survival protection bases. However, the difficulty and resources consumed to establish a survival protection base for 100,000 people and a million people increased exponentially.

Currently, the prediction given by the experts was that they could only transfer about two million Blue Star Humans within a year. They could transfer 10 million Blue Star people in three years, 200 million people in 10 years. This was not even 10% of the Blue Star's current

population.

This meant that if the alien species attacked within ten years, the other 90% of the population would be...

This was the reason why Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and the others were working hard. It was their

goal.

"Mr. Qu, Principal Cai, have you sensed a specific amount in the past few days?" Xu Tui asked in the internal team channel.

Qu Qingshan and Cai Shaochu's Fire Guardian and Earth Guardian had already been used up. They could not be blasted out for the time being. What Xu Tui wanted to know now was how long it would take for it to recover to be able to attack again.

After forcefully resisting the traitor, Jin Ding, and destroying the quark particle jump center of the Great Xi Clan, the number of times the Nine Luminaries Guardians could be used decreased drastically.

Fire Guardian, Earth Guardian, and Water Guardian had all been used up. There was still one attack for Moon Guardian left, three for the Wood Guardian. He could use the Sun Guardian, but its power was getting weaker every time.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1