Chapter 1995: Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force? (1)

Chapter 1995: Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force? (1)

"Commander, this should be the fourth question, right?" Shui Zhi did not answer Xu Tui's question immediately. Instead, he started to fuss about the number.

Xu Tui smiled and nodded. He did not care about this. This was because in the feedback of his mind reading, Shui Zhi did not hide or hold back the answer that he gave Xu Tui after chatting for so long.

What appeared in his mind was the answer that he gave Xu Tui. He even expressed his

differences of opinion. Xu Tui was very satisfied with Shui Zhi from this point. What was there to be calculative about?

"Among the main elders, I have the lowest ranking and the shortest experience. Therefore, I have the least information and experience among the main elders. Based on the information I received, there must be a problem with the Great Xi Clan in this aspect. The Great Xi Clan also lacks spirit," Shui Zhi said.

"Why?"

"The reproduction method of the Great Xi Clan is completely different from that of the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Blue Star humans. They were a method similar to a production line. The raw materials were many precious metals and spirits.

"In the information from hundreds of years ago, the Great Xi Clan's attack in the Milky Way was the fiercest. They even dared to fight the Spiritual Race and the Muyas. The main reason was that it was easier to replenish their combat strength and produce them. Moreover, the corpses of their clansmen could be recycled.

"Therefore, at that time, the Great Xi Clan was even crazier than the Muyas. They did not care about the lives of their clansmen at all and often used the method of exchanging casualties for casualties.

"However, in the past few hundred years, the tactics of the Great Xi Clan had become more and more conservative. They had also become more and more cautious in the Milky Way. In the past 200 years, there had been no example of two fronts fighting.

"There was information that there was a serious problem with the reproduction of the Great Xi Clan. However, the reproduction of the Great Xi people is top-secret. There's no specific information to support it at the moment," Shui Zhi said.

"So that means that the Great Xi Clan also lacks spirit?" As Shui Zhi nodded, Xu Tui asked, "What about Muyas?"

"I'm not sure about the Muyas! The information I know is limited, but on the surface, the Muyas have still adopted a sea of people over the years. They have never cared about the lives of the Muya slaves and Muya warriors. Sacrifice was their most honorable mission. From this point of view, the Muyas don't seem to be facing the problem of a lack of spirit," Shui Zhi said.

"In that case, the goals of the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race in attacking the solar system might not be the same?" Xu Tui asked.

"No, it's very likely that they're the same! But perhaps they have different intentions. All kinds of information showed that the ultimate goal of the three races was the Blue Star in the solar system.

"However, this target is very likely led or even guided by the top big shots standing behind the three races." At this point, Shui Zhi paused for a moment and said, "This can actually answer your three questions. The three races are going all out to invade the solar system. Their target is the Blue Star. It was hard to say why. It might really be the Blue Star. It might be a spirit.

"However, behind this was 100% the will of the supreme beings of the three races. All of this was the most important. At the very least, that was the case within the Spiritual Race. The problem of the lack of spirit could only be solved by capturing the Blue Star. It was the answer given by that person.

"However, we did not know what we could get to solve the problem after we captured the Blue Star, why we could solve it, and so on. Perhaps capturing the Blue Star won't solve the problem of the Spiritual Race's lack of spirit, who knows?" Shui Zhi shook his head.

Xu Tui finally understood. Shui Zhi's belief had been shaken. Perhaps this was one of the main reasons why Shui Zhi was willing to defect to the Blue Star.

Shui Zhi believed that all of the Spiritual Race's current actions were under the control of that supreme existence. It was very likely that the Supreme Being was trying to achieve some goal by invading the solar system at all costs. No one cared how much of the Spiritual Race's flesh and blood would be sacrificed.

Next, Xu Tui used the method of chatting to communicate with Shui Zhi about this. He raised seven to eight additional questions. However, Shui Zhi did not remind him about the number of questions. Instead, he answered readily.

Xu Tui understood that Shui Zhi was returning the favor. He was waiting for him to return the favor. To be honest, Shui Zhi's answer today was shockingly valuable. He had also asked Yan Wuyu questions. Yan Wuyu's answer was only his own guess.

Clearly, the fundamental problem of the lack of spirit among the newborns of the Spiritual Race was only circulating in the main elders.

Xu Tui had already come into contact with Shui Zhi's worries about the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race. It was the comments of the Spiritual Race's keyboard warriors that Ah Huang had gathered after hacking into the Spiritual Race's civilian network.

There were many comments that made sense from this perspective.

Someone from the Spiritual Race said that the Holy Ancestor might be playing a big game of chess, and the chess pieces were the people of the Spiritual Race. In the end, it might be for the Holy Ancestor himself.

Someone from the Spiritual Race said that the Holy Ancestor was devoted to the Spiritual Race. Everything he did so far was for the Spiritual Race to become the overlord of the entire

universe.

Some people said that the Holy Ancestor was standing in a different position and had seen the future crisis of the Spiritual Race. Now, he was only helping the Spiritual Race solve the future

crisis.

Of course, in the words of these keyboard warriors, the word 'Holy Ancestor' was naturally replaced by other symbols.

Similar explanations were strange and even creative.

Some said that the Holy Ancestor was at the end of his lifespan and was anxious. Some said that the Holy Ancestor wanted to become the Lord of the Heavens. Some said that the Holy Ancestor wanted to save his lover, brother, or both. Some said that the Holy Ancestor was also a chess piece. Some said...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1