Chapter 1992: The Terrifying Consequences Of A Lack Of Spirit (1)

Chapter 1992: The Terrifying Consequences of a Lack of Spirit (1)

In the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Xu Tui called Shui Zhi over. After Shui Zhi, the former main elder of the Spiritual Race, defected, his performance was not bad.

On the battlefield of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, although Shui Zhi did not go to the Eastern Heavenly Gate where the Spiritual Race was, he performed extremely well in the two major Heavenly Gate fortresses in the west and north.

More than 50 Planetary realm experts from the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan had been killed by him. After all, Shui Zhi was a real expert in the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. Among the many Nine Satellites under Xu Tui, only Shang Long and Shui Zhi were true Nine Satellites. But Shui Zhi had still lost his physical body previously. Although the loss of his mental body had been made up for by Xu Tui's Silver Spirit Box, there were still some differences in the new body, even if this new body was a clone that had been cloned from the genetic information extracted from Shui Zhi's corpse.

According to Shui Zhi's request, the face of the clone had been slightly adjusted from before so that others would not be able to recognize him at a glance.

"Commander, you were looking for me." Shui Zhi came in front of Xu Tui and greeted him. Over the past few months, Xu Tui had basically subdued Shui Zhi. It was not that he had subdued him, but Shui Zhi had given up. Shui Zhi had no possibility of returning. God knew if the Blue Star had recorded his conversation with Xu Tui or even the battle scenes. If he dared to return, he could casually send one to the Spiritual Race and kill him. Moreover, even if he could return, Shui Zhi would not end well.

Therefore, Shui Zhi had already accepted his fate. On the Blue Star, although his power was not as good as before, his strength was the top. It could allow him to obtain enough respect and treatment.

Now, he was just waiting for Xu Tui to fulfill his promise and save the family he valued. The rest of his life would be completely tied to the fate of the Blue Star.

"I have a question that I want to ask you, Mister." Shui Zhi's identity was special, and it's not easy to address him. So Xu Tui simply addressed him as Mister. Within Worldly, everyone addressed Shui Zhi the same way.

"Commander, this is the first time you've asked me since I defected. As long as it's a question I know, I'll definitely tell you everything I know. However, please abide by the agreement, Commander," Shui Zhi said.

"Of course."

Shui Zhi's so-called agreement was that Xu Tui had to hide the news of his defection and ensure the safety of his family. At the same time, he could only answer five key questions from Xu Tui before he saved his family.

"The battle has been chaotic recently. I don't have any free time. If I'm free, I'll definitely save your family as soon as possible," Xu Tui said.

Shui Zhi nodded expressionlessly. He then waited for Xu Tui to ask him a question.

"Mister, from a hundred years ago, the Spiritual Race paid a huge price to pass through the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system and establish a forward operating base in the solar system. They intended to rule the Blue Star and enslave the humans of the Blue Star. "In the past hundred years, the invasion had not stopped. In recent years, the intensity of their invasion had increased exponentially. According to the current investment and losses I know in the solar system, it would probably not be enough to withstand it even if they occupied the Blue Star, right?

"Also, I've previously obtained the complete Star Field diagram of the Spiritual Race. The territories and planets that the Spiritual Race currently controls are more than a hundred times that of the solar system.

"All the data I could compare was that the Spiritual Race was currently more than 100 times that of the Blue Star. To be precise, it was between 200 to 300 times. Not to mention dividing the solar system with the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan, even if the Spiritual Race monopolized the solar system, they would not gain much.

"Under such circumstances, why would the Spiritual Race attack the solar system? Why did the Spiritual Race attack the solar system? Is this the will of the Spiritual Race itself, or rather, the will of your supreme being?"

Xu Tui was talking about the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race, but he did not say it directly. He knew that the Spiritual Race had this taboo. They were afraid that they would be sensed if they mentioned the name of the Supreme Being.

"That should be three questions, right?" Shui Zhi said after some consideration.

"Three." Xu Tui agreed readily. He did not waste any time.

"Commander, I can answer these three questions, but the answers are only within the scope of my understanding. I can't guarantee that it's absolutely right. However, there are only three to five elders within the Spiritual Race who are more qualified than me to answer these questions," Shui Zhi said.

"I understand! You just have to tell me what you know. I'll judge for myself whether it's right or not. Whether it will affect my decision or what happens in the future, it has nothing to do with your answer. That's my decision."

Xu Tui knew very well that Shui Zhi was very cautious at this moment. He did not want to expose himself in case he was liquidated in the future. He understood that this was probably the mentality of a defector or a traitor.

"Commander, I'll answer the third question first. The Spiritual Race's attacks on the solar system are actually the will of our supreme being and our Spiritual Race's own will. There's no conflict between the two," Shui Zhi said.

"Both?" Xu Tui was stunned. He thought that it could only be the will of one of them. It was very likely that it was the will of the Spiritual Race's Holy Ancestor. This was because the Spiritual Race's Holy Ancestor had once personally taken action and killed the Fire God,

Gavro, with a finger.

Unexpectedly, the Spiritual Race had their own goals when they entered the solar system.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1