Chapter 1991: Why Did You Attack The Solar System? (3)

Chapter 1991: Why Did You Attack the Solar System? (3)

"This is something that is more important than my life, so I have to," At this point, Gris suddenly realized something. "Your Holiness, no matter how beautiful I am, I won't be able to compete with your glory, even when you don't dress up."

Qiao An sighed. Indeed, there were no perfect people in this world. "Alright, I know. You're my face! You dress up beautifully every day. I feel comfortable watching you. Go, continue to send people to investigate the situation of the high-temperature fire screen in the solar system. Pay attention to the changes on the side of the expeditionary army, Degusalon," Qiao An said.

Gris nodded and turned to leave. She did not say another word. This was the advantage of Gris. She did not say much and was not even willing to think too much about things outside of her duty.

Unlike her...

While she was thinking, Qiao An, who was holding the scepter, looked at the tall statue standing in the Holy Temple. Expedition to the solar system was actually meaningless to the current Muya Clan.

That territory was the difference between a grain of sand and a bowl. The reason why they had to expedition to the solar system at all costs was that person's will. However, could that person represent the Muyas?

In the Great Xi Clan's ruling Palace of Revelation, Chief Executive Lu Qi was reprimanding Yin Bing and Xi Bing in front of him with an angry expression. Due to his anger, the energy wings on his back fluctuated violently.

"What did Jin Ding do? Isn't he very familiar with everything about the ancient Heavenly Court? That's why I asked him to lead the army! Now, not only did the construction of the quark particle transition center fail, but it also caused such a huge loss.

"51 Nine Satellites. There were only 14 survivors. Tell me, what kind of operation is this! Is this worthy of my trust? Is he worthy of the trust of the great Father? He's almost used up a fifth of the Great Xi Clan's assets! The two of you also swore that there were no problems with Jin Ding. I also gave you enough trust, but now..."

Under Lu Qi's reprimand, Yin Bing and Xi Bing lowered their heads in silence. It could be said to be a form of submission or a silent protest. However, Chief Executive Lu Qi had the upper hand.

"All of you are the oldest batch of elders in the Great Xi Clan. I understand how you want to contribute to the great Father. However, times are changing. It had been three thousand years! We still haven't completely figured out what happened to our enemies in the past 3,000 years. Therefore, we have to use a modern mindset to solve the current difficulties, to achieve Father's ultimate goal!"

After saying that, Lu Qi waved gently at the back. A majestic and a slender Great Xi clansman with obvious characteristics came over from behind.

"Greetings, honorable chief executive, Elder Yin Bing, and Elder Xi Bing." The two Great Xi Clan's members greeted them one by one.

"This is Lu Yan and Lu Qingqing. The two of them will assist you and cooperate with you! They are extremely proficient in modern methods. Furthermore, they have a huge staff team behind them. They will definitely make you do twice the work with half the effort."

After Lu Qi finished speaking, Yin Bing and Xi Bing did not say anything. However, the 16 pairs of energy wings on Lu Qi's back began to slowly dance, emitting a shocking pressure. After a while, Yin Bing and Xi Bing bowed at the same time. "We... accept the order!"

"In the future, please guide me, Elders," Lu Yan and Lu Qingqing said at the same time. At the same time that there were changes within the Great Xi Clan, Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief after the ancient Heavenly Court destroyed the quark particle jumper of the Great Xi Clan. While he was using the Thousand-Eyed Divine Lord's seal to observe the movements of the remaining troops of the three races, he personally came to look for Shui Zhi.

Now that he had the time, he had an extremely important question that he wanted to ask Shui Zhi.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1