Chapter 1990: Why Did You Attack The Solar System? (2)

Chapter 1990: Why Did You Attack the Solar System? (2)

Otherwise, the Nine Luminaries Guardians could have activated all at once and wiped out the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force of the three races. But it did not. This proved that the use of the Nine Luminaries Guardians was not infinite. There was definitely a limit to the number of times it could be used.

Other than that, the Nine Luminaries Guardians seemed to be able to suppress the entire solar system. However, even within the Spiritual Race, any supernatural ability or technology would definitely have a support point. It was just that no one else knew about it.

In theory, it should not be able to cover the entire solar system.

Currently, the locations of the attacks of the three races had something in common. The planets that established the passage were not far from the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system.

The closest one was only 13 days away from the solar system's high-temperature fire screen. If he was further away from the high-temperature fire screen and deeper into the solar system, there might be areas that the Nine Luminaries Guardian could not cover. He could make incremental attempts.

After reading it, Xu Yi closed the report. It had to be said that Xu Zhijia's analysis made sense. It was also feasible. The key was that it required a large amount of time. This time might be measured in years.

What he lacked the most now was time. Neither the Holy Ancestor nor the other elders in the Sanctuary who were coveting his position would give him time. Then all he could do now was the last choice. There was only one step left. However, he still had to plan ahead.

"Shifang, I've listed seven missions for you on this list. Every mission is extremely important! You have to complete each of these seven missions yourself. You must not rely on others. Do you understand?" Xu Yi said.

With just a glance at the missions, the color on Xu Shifeng's face instantly disappeared. He said in fear, "Elder, it... It wouldn't go to this extent, right?"

Xu Yi looked at Xu Shifeng coldly. "Let's not talk about me. Have you not killed enough people over the years? Have your clansmen not done all kinds of things? In the clan, there are at least 80,000 people who want you dead and want to destroy your entire clan, right?" "Elder, I..."

Xu Shifang wanted to explain, but Xu Yi waved his hand. "This is the essence of power! After you obtained the authority to hold this position, there were many times when it was no longer up to you. All kinds of shocking benefits and hegemony assaulted you.

"However, when you are about to fall from the high platform of power, especially a position like mine, you have to welcome a fatal counterattack. Go and make the arrangements."

"Don't worry, Elder. I'll definitely arrange everything." Xu Shifang actually knelt on one knee to show his seriousness.

"Come and report to me after you're done. I can then take the last step! Let's see if I can reverse the situation!" Xu Yi said.

"Turn the situation around?" Xu Shifang was not only curious, but he was also very interested. "Elder, is there anything you need me to do? Even if I have to risk my life, I will—"

"No need." Xu Yi slowly shook his head. "The turn of situation concerns the hearts of people." Xu Yi did not say whose heart it was concerned, but he looked at the highest floor of the Sanctuary.

...

In the Muya Holy Temple of the Muya Star Field.

After listening to the report of Gris, including the discovery of several Spiritual Race's spies and the destruction of the expeditionary army's holy power tunnel, Pope Qiao An was surprisingly not angry. Her expression was extremely calm.

"Your Holiness, should we send reinforcements to the solar system? I can personally lead the team." Previously, Gris was personally in command of the construction of the holy power tunnel at the frontline. Although the responsibility was not hers, it had been destroyed after all. Gris felt that she was responsible.

"Why did you send reinforcements?"

These words stunned Gris.

"Is there any point in sending reinforcements? The Muya slaves and even the Muya warriors of our Muyas can be sacrificed at will. However, the Muya nobles are our true cornerstone. We can let them bleed to the last drop of their glory, but we can't let them die," Pope Qiao An said.

"This..." Gris did not understand what the Pope meant. She was the one who actively organized the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force. She was also the one who did not send reinforcements.

"Why do you think we attacked the solar system at all costs?" Pope Qiao An suddenly asked. "In order to unify the Milky Way, in order to spread the glory of my Lord to every corner of the Milky Way," Gris said.

The quiet Qiao An reached into her sleeve and took out an exquisite translucent jade bowl. Then, she took out a grain of sand and placed it together. "This is the comparison of the solar system in terms of the size of the Milky Way we currently rule. What do you think now?" Pope Qiao An asked.

Gris was a little confused. She felt that Pope Qian An was explaining something to her, but she did not directly say it. She was testing her comprehension. She just could not understand for a

moment.

"Your Holiness, I am slow-witted. Please state it clearly. The glory of Your Highness is everything to me!"

A hint of disappointment flashed in Qiao An's eyes. Gris was indeed extremely loyal to her, but her comprehension ability was really unbearable to look at. "Gris, if you can take out 10% of your thoughts on putting on makeup and dressing up every day, I estimate that..."

"Your Holiness, I am your face. My beauty and gorgeous appearance are Your Holiness's face."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1