Chapter 1994: The Terrifying Consequences Of A Lack Of Spirit (3)

Chapter 1994: The Terrifying Consequences of a Lack of Spirit (3)

Animals had other instincts. The instincts of these demented children were to eat and excrete. The rate of dementia among the newborns in the Spiritual Race had also reached a terrifying

1.2%.

It seemed to have increased again.

Spirit was a little like the initial operating system of a quantum computer. A lack of spirit was equivalent to a computer having hardware but lacking software. The computer that lacked software could install it. However, where could he get it if he lacked a spirit?

The Spiritual Race wanted to know if this question was new or the same as before. However, there was no way to track and study it. The demented among newborns hundreds of years ago are long gone.

However, 99% of the demented children who had survived for nearly a hundred years lacked spirit. Thus, the Spiritual Race began to study the spirit crazily. The madness of all kinds of research and tests was indescribable.

After all, this involved the life and death of a race and the future of the Spiritual Race. The production line of the Spiritual Cultivation Center was also invented and perfected in the next 100 years.

In the beginning, they used small animals and all kinds of primates. After a long time of research, the spirits in the bodies of hundreds of animals were not as many as in a person. The death row prisoners of the Spiritual Race were used to test it at the beginning. The first Silver Spirit Box was also born at that time.

He explored the use of the Silver Spirit Box for decades. However, the purified Silver Box of Spirit still could not solve the problem of the newborn lacking spirit and dementia. Even if a superb individual from the Nine Satellites forcefully injected a spirit into the body of a newborn without a spirit, it would be useless.

It was a blank body.

There was not a trace of spirit. The spirit that was injected could not be retained.

This way, the Silver Box of Spirit that the Spiritual Race had researched and invented for more than a hundred years did not solve the problem of the newborns of the Spiritual Race lacking spirit and dementia. Instead, someone discovered that the Silver Box of Spirit was very useful in improving the mental bodies of superb individuals or breaking through realms.

This was a very good invention. However, the problem of the lack of spirit among newborns became more and more serious.

In the past 140 years, the probability of a newborn of the Spiritual Race lacking a spirit had increased by 0.1 to 0.5% every year. In the past 140 years, the probability of newborns of the Spiritual Race suffering from dementia had increased from 1.2% to 6.1%.

Good lord, it was more than 6%. Among the 100 newborns, six of them were naturally lacking in spirit.

The main elders of the Spiritual Race were about to go crazy because of this question. At this rate, the Spiritual Race might naturally be destroyed in another one to two thousand years. Therefore, they were really stressed about it.

After careful discussion, the elders in the main seat unanimously agreed to consult the Holy Ancestor about this terrifying question that was about to exterminate the clan.

At that time, the Holy Ancestor did not wake up that often. The elders in the main seat knelt for three days and prayed for three days with a secret technique in exchange for the descent of the Holy Ancestor's true spirit.

The Holy Ancestor was indeed omnipotent. He quickly gave an answer. The problem of the Spiritual Race's newborns lacking spirit and dementia was not caused by humans. It was the influence of the ancient Heavenly Dao.

Ordinary methods naturally could not solve this problem. If he wanted to solve this problem, there was only one direction. He had to kill his way into the solar system and occupy a blue planet.

No one in the Spiritual Race dared to object to the Holy Ancestor's holy order. No elder dared to have any objections to such a solution.

They executed this will with all their might.

At that time, the Solar System's high-temperature fire screen lay there like a mountain. 67 Nine Satellites Planetary realms and thousands of Planetary realms were sacrificed before they barely succeeded in building a quantum teleportation channel across the galaxy.

And it was a very limited one. Moreover, the Sun Guardian was very strong at that time. Planetary realms that were too powerful would be killed even if they passed through the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel.

During this period, there were many battles. The Holy Ancestor even personally took action. The Spiritual Race had also been advancing in this direction, but they had not succeeded until today. However, it was worth mentioning that it had been another 120 years since the Holy Ancestor confirmed that he would attack the solar system and the Blue Star.

In the past 120 years, the rate of newborn dementia in the Spiritual Race had increased explosively again. It was increasing at a probability of 0.4 to 0.8% every year. As of last year, which was the year 2141 of the Blue Star Calendar, the rate of newborn dementia in the Spiritual Race had reached an astonishing 13.9%.

That was 13.9%.

Among every 100 newborns of the Spiritual Race, 14 of them were born with dementia because they lacked spirit. They did not even have the ability to take care of themselves.

After 300 years, the Spiritual Race already had methods of human destruction for people who lacked spirit.

However, the 13.9% probability also successfully caused the population of the Spiritual Race to increase negatively.

Every time the main elders of the Spiritual Race discussed this problem and the latest data, they would really panic. According to the data, the Spiritual Race would naturally be destroyed hundreds or even a thousand years later. However, if they faced this problem head- on, it would be really terrifying.

Therefore, the rhythm of attacking the solar system and the Blue Star over the years was constantly strengthening.

Xu Tui was even a little confused after hearing Shui Zhi's description. He did not expect the Spiritual Race to have such a population problem.

"By the way, Mister, did the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan also have the same problem when they attacked our solar system?" Xu Tui asked Shui Zhi.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1