Chapter 1993: The Terrifying Consequences Of A Lack Of Spirit (2)

Chapter 1993: The Terrifying Consequences of a Lack of Spirit (2)

"Both."

"Then what's the goal of the Supreme Being and your Spiritual Race attacking the solar system? Or rather, do you have different goals, or are they the same?" Xu Tui asked.

"Commander, that's why I think these are three questions," Shui Zhi said.

"Yes, three questions," Xu Tui confirmed.

"Let's talk about the reason why our Spiritual Race wants to attack the solar system one after another. This is actually a problem with our Spiritual Race itself," Shui Zhi said directly.

"Something happened to the Spiritual Race itself?" Xu Tui was stunned again. If something happened to a species, it would be a huge problem. Moreover, Shui Zhi was a member of the main elders of the Spiritual Race's ruling group. Basically, this answer was more credible and even confirmed.

"Can you elaborate on this problem?"

"Of course. Commander, your intelligence gathering on the Spiritual Race is very comprehensive. However, you have neglected one problem-the population problem."

"Population problem? I've done a relevant analysis. The total population of the various Star Fields of the Spiritual Race should exceed 200 billion. Moreover, the fertility rate is also positive. Overall, the land is vast, but the population is sparse. We have studied everything we can think of." Xu Tui frowned.

"This is actually top-secret internal information. Without the support of comprehensive internal data, we would not have been able to discover it. The first time our race discovered a population problem was about 300 years ago. At that time, our race was still expanding at a high speed."

Xu Tui only understood everything after listening to Shui Zhi for half an hour. It had to be said that the population problem of the Spiritual Race had exceeded his understanding.

The Spiritual Race occupied a large number of Star Fields. There were many planets that were suitable for survival. They had always taken measures to encourage fertility, and the range was very large.

Measures such as giving them a house, land, and resources.

Therefore, the fertility rate has always been positive. The total population had been increasing positively.

However, 300 years ago, the Spiritual Race's statistics department accidentally discovered data that made one's hair stand on end.

The number of dementia among the newborns of the Spiritual Race was actually constantly increasing. The rate of dementia among newborns increased every year.

According to the previous data, after multiple eugenics and the application of a large number of technologically oriented reproduction-type genetic optimization technologies, the number of dementia in the Spiritual Race's newborns remained at about 0.1%. The fluctuations were very small.

Among the 20,000 newborns, there might be a child with a stupor or low intelligence. This number was almost negligible.

However, after the statistics department discovered the abnormality 300 years ago, which corresponded to the year 1842 of the Blue Star Calendar, the dementia rate of the new students of the Spiritual Race increased to 2%.

Two in every 1,000 newborns were demented. Normally, with the Spiritual Race's excellent standards, this was impossible. This was already a burden to the Spiritual Race. There were more than 100 million newborns in the Spiritual Race every year.

There were 200 billion people, but there were only 100 million newborns. The main reason was that the Spiritual Race had a relatively long life. Their fertility age was limited, and it was difficult for superb individuals to reproduce.

The dementia rate of two out of 1,000 among the 100 million newborns was a little terrifying. It produced 200,000 demented newborns a year. This was a huge burden for the Spiritual Race. Therefore, the Spiritual Race began to organize experts to investigate this problem. The data did not change much in the next five to six years, but the number of demented children among newborns was still slowly increasing.

290 years ago, the main elders of the Spiritual Race were shocked to discover the dementia rate of newborns had increased to 0.3%. Although it was only an increase of 0.1%, it was very terrifying for a species with a population of more than 100 billion.

In the next ten years, the Spiritual Race began to conduct all kinds of tracking and research on this phenomenon in newborns. They had been researching it since the start of pregnancy. In order to find the reason, they even secretly conducted much inhumane research.

However, ten years later, the rate of newborn dementia increased again to 0.4%.

What was worse was that no matter how advanced a method was, it could not prevent the appearance of a demented. They had used all methods, whether it was supernatural methods or technological methods. Everything was normal before he was born.

He became a demented child after he was born. There was even a strange phenomenon of an intelligent and demented twin. In the next 30 years, emotions began to surge within the Spiritual Race. The probability of newborns being demented soared to 0.7%.

The great elder that year had stepped down because of this problem. The current Great Elder, Xu Yi, took the opportunity to take over and personally led the team to study this problem. After all, the population problem was too great. If this continued, the Spiritual Race might even be wiped out.

And it was the irreversible kind. If they lacked newborns, they could forcefully reproduce. The test tube technology and external cultivation technology were very mature and safe in the Spiritual Race. But the newborns are demented. This made everyone in the Spiritual Race shiver.

Xu Yi led a professional team to study this problem. It took him a full 40 years to find the answer. Actually, it was hard to say how much bloody research he had done, but he finally discovered the problem.

Spirit!

The dementia of the newborns of the Spiritual Race was not congenital. Instead, it was because after they were born, their bodies lacked spirit and the source of their mental bodies. Without an innate spirit, there would be no mental body. He would naturally be demented.

It could even be said that these Spiritual Race's members without spirits were inferior to animals.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1