Chapter 1997: Alliance Of The Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force? (3)

Chapter 1997: Alliance of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force? (3)

"Commander, the recovery speed is very, very slow. I can sense that the amount of restoration that the Fire Guardian has recovered in the past ten days might only be about 1%. The time needed to accumulate the Nine Luminaries' Guardian might be a year!" Qu Qingshan sounded a little dejected.

This answer was not a good one.

"More or less. The time it took for my Earth Guardian to run out is still short, but its recovery speed is also very slow. Based on the current progress, it will take about a year to recover one attack," Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui: "..."

Xu Tui was a little speechless. He felt that the Nine Luminaries Guardians were a little weak. It was not of much use at the critical moment. Other than the blazing sunlight at the beginning that had the power to kill everyone, the other Nine Luminaries Guardians seemed to only be able to kill the Nine Satellites.

"Continue to follow the previous plan and monitor the remaining Nine Satellites Expeditionary Forces of the three races. If there are any actions of establishing a teleportation channel, we have to think of a way to destroy it again. Strengthened your cultivation and various attempts.

"This is especially so for the members of the expeditionary army above the Six Satellites. If they need to break through, supply them with everything you have to let them break through," Xu Tui ordered.

"Understood!" Wei Bin, Cai Shaochu, Shang Long, and the others agreed at the same time.

This was one of Xu Tui's future plans. In the future, if he had six to seven true Nine Satellites under him, those who could face the Nine Satellites head-on, Xu Tui was confident that he could form a team and face the Nine Satellites team of less than 15 people from the three races head-on.

But now, he is still far from it.

Currently, there's only him and Shang Long. Shui Zhi could barely be considered as half.

...

On the Sacred Spiritual Planet of the Spiritual Race, the second last floor of the Sanctuary.

Xu Shifang, who was covered in dust, reported immediately after he completed most of the seven top-secret missions requested by Xu Yi.

"Elder, I've completed five of the seven top-secret missions you instructed me to do. The other two are already in progress. They'll be here in two days. They'll be completed when the time comes," Xu Shifeng reported.

"Not bad. What about the traces? Have you cleaned them up?" I've cleaned them up. Even the handlers themselves have no idea who the people passing in front of them were or who they are escorting."

Just as Xu Shifang finished speaking, Xu Yi's expression suddenly lit up. He shouted angrily, "Clean? Is that what you mean by clean? How is this clean!" Xu Yi's anger stunned Xu Shifang. "You're still so careless and benevolent at a time like this. Can our race have a future?" Xu Yi shouted angrily.

In an instant, Xu Shifang understood what Xu Yi meant. His face instantly turned pale. "Great Elder, I understand what I have to do." Xu Shifang bowed.

"Got it?"

"Got it!"

"Then go."

The moment he turned around, Xu Shifang could not help but want to ask if it was necessary to silence them all. Many of the Spiritual Race's members were just carrying out their duties as usual. They would not be exposed at all, but...

Xu Shifang thought about it and did not say anything else. He'll execute it! All the relevant people were silenced. There were three to four thousand people who had been silenced this time, so it was a little troublesome.

Not long after Xu Shifang left, he began to report the results of his actions. Seeing that the matter of silence had begun, Xu Yi finally heaved a sigh of relief. He slowly walked to the window of the Sanctuary and looked at the vast starry sky of the Milky Way. "Let's try the last step. This step will be my last struggle. If it doesn't work, I can only..."

Xu Yi looked toward the top floor of the holy temple. That was where the Holy Ancestor's statue was. The Spiritual Race could directly contact the Holy Ancestor. After staring at it for a long time, Xu Yi suddenly took out a jade slip that looked like a seal. Boundless mind power and a vast amount of Origin Energy instantly surged into it.

Somewhere in the Milky Way, a mysterious hall made of pure Origin Energy appeared. Four jade seats rose in four directions.

Galaxy Parliament.

The mental projection of the Spiritual Race's Great Elder, Xu Yi, was the first to appear in the hall of the Galaxy Parliament.

Xu Yi waited quietly, but his gaze swept past the fourth seat from time to time. Would the mysterious fourth person from the Galaxy Parliament come this time? Three minutes later, the chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lu Qi, appeared second. He glanced at Xu Yi and waited quietly.

Five minutes later, the mental projection of the Muya Pope, Qiao An, appeared. As she sat down in the discussion seat, Qiao An said, "Great Elder Xu, you initiated the Galaxy Parliament? Do you want to do something or communicate?"

Xu Yi had replayed this scene in his mind many times. With a wave of his hand, lines of detailed data were projected.

"This is the latest battle report sent by our Spiritual Race of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force that had passed through the high-temperature fire screen. There are casualties, battle situations, and various situations. The greatest crisis we are facing now is that we can't successfully establish a teleportation channel again. I'm being honest! I wonder how the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force of your two races is doing?" Xu Yi asked directly.

Qiao An and Lu Qi took a closer look at the report of the Spiritual Race's Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force. Qiao An nodded slightly expressionlessly. She also projected the report of the Muyas. "Our Muyas have also suffered heavy losses. We won't be able to rebuild the holy power teleportation channel in a short period of time."

Seeing that Qiao An was like this, Lu Qi chuckled and said, "Although the situation of our Great Xi Clan is only slightly better than yours, it's the same."

The true battle report of the Great Xi Clan's Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force was also projected. Just as the three of them had said, the losses were extremely heavy. The problems

they faced were the same.

Thus, Xu Yi suggested, "I suggest that the remaining troops of the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force in the solar system should join forces on the spot and form the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Forces Alliance! What do you think?" After saying that, Xu Yi looked at Lu Qi and Qiao An expectantly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1