Chapter 2000: The Time The Holy Ancestor Was Waiting For Is Here (3)

Chapter 2000: The Time the Holy Ancestor Was Waiting for Is Here (3)

"I can give you a portion first. Then, your Great Xi Clan will immediately try to establish a teleportation tunnel again and clear a path for me."

"That won't be fun." Lu Qi sighed and completely dissipated. He would give a portion first. What he could give first would definitely be the full set of technology for the Spiritual Race's intergalactic quantum array core. However, whether this technology was real or fake, the Great Xi Clan would not be able to verify it in a short period of time.

Even if he was given a fake one, he would not be able to judge.

When the time came, he had done everything he asked, but the technology would be fake, and Xu Yi would not admit it. Then who would he look for? He would only be called stupid!

God knew if Xu Yi was pretending to be crazy. Was there a bottom line for political officials? Yes! Some might not, though.

Xu Yi was the only one left in the Galaxy Parliament. Looking at the empty hall, he let out a long sigh. The last effort had failed. Just now, he had really shown 100% sincerity, but no one was willing to believe him.

He understood.

He might have made the same choice as Qiao An and the others.

The reason was very simple. If they arranged everything and was done according to it, and the Spiritual Race completed the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, even Xu Yi did not know if he should fulfill the remaining promises.

It was impossible to fulfill all his promises in advance. Firstly, there was no time. Secondly, Xu Yi did not trust Qiao An and Lu Qi. Would these two guys turn against him on the spot after receiving the benefits?

It was possible. The possibility was still very high. This was politics, or rather, a game.

"Sigh," Xu Yi let out a long sigh. He looked in the direction of the Spiritual Race's Sacred Spiritual Planet Sanctuary again. "I wonder if the Holy Ancestor can jump out of the category of human hearts."

The Galaxy Parliament was a very strange place. Here, they could call the Holy Ancestor or the Lord of Muya by their names without being sensed by them. Staying in the hall of the Galaxy Parliament, Xu Yi carefully reviewed his next plan. Only then did he take a step forward and disappear.

When he returned to the Sanctuary, Xu Yi took off his simple but gorgeous and unique Great Elder robe. He took off his jade crown and put on a linen robe. There was a hemp rope around his waist and he took off his shoes.

Then, he took off his shirt and carried a bundle of thorns on his back. He was barefoot and had his hair draped over his shoulders. He walked to the door of the highest floor of the Sanctuary. After slowly pushing open the door, Xu Yi began to kowtow with every step.

Every time he kowtowed, Xu Yi would shout the name of the Holy Ancestor in his heart. He was extremely pious.

The door of the highest level was below the statue. It was neither far nor close. Under normal circumstances, one could reach it in a second, but in terms of steps, it was more than a thousand steps.

He kowtowed with every step. Every time he kowtowed, Xu Yi used all his strength to kowtow. If not for the fact that his body was strong, his forehead would have exploded.

The commotion on the top floor of the Sanctuary immediately attracted the attention of some people.

This included the second elder, Tu Hou. He immediately received the news and rushed over. However, Xu Yi had given a strict order that no one was allowed to enter the top floor of the Sanctuary.

People with ulterior motives like Second Master could only wait anxiously on the lower level of the top floor. Something major must have happened. But what had happened?

For a time, a storm brewed in the Spiritual Race's Sanctuary.

With more than a thousand kowtows, even though Xu Yi's body was strong, his head was bleeding. Or rather, it was deliberate. There was a bloody path along the way. It looked extremely miserable.

After all, Xu Yi was the Great Elder of the Spiritual Race. He was personally conferred by the Holy Ancestor. He also had many tokens given by the Holy Ancestor, and his mind power was extremely powerful.

After he kowtowed for more than 200 times, a majestic aura flashed slightly. The eyes of the Holy Ancestor statue on the top floor of the Sanctuary moved slightly.

In the next hour, the Holy Ancestor watched coldly as Xu Yi kowtowed all the way. It was only when Xu Yi knelt under the statue and took out the Great Elder's seal that the statue trembled slightly. A grand aura suddenly descended on the entire Sanctuary.

Everyone understood that the Holy Ancestor had descended.

The moment the Holy Ancestor descended, Xu Yi slammed his head onto the ground and took out the letter he wrote beforehand. He raised his hands high and apologized loudly. "Ever since I became the Great Elder of our race, although I have been conscientious, I have been defeated time and time again, causing our race to suffer heavy losses.

"I'm incompetent. Therefore, I'm here to apologize! Please punish me with death, Holy Ancestor. In this situation, I could not atone for my crimes even if I died a hundred times! Before I die, please designate a successor, Holy Ancestor. I will hand over all the matters. After the stable handover, I will naturally accept my punishment. Holy Ancestor, please execute me!" After saying that, Xu Yi raised his apology letter and knelt down for a long time.

The Holy Ancestor statue on the top floor of the holy temple stared coldly at Xu Yi, who was kneeling and begging for forgiveness. After a while, Xu Yi flew up with the apology letter in his hands and he quickly flipped through it.

This apology letter had hundreds of thousands of words. He described the major events of the past few years in detail.

That included the loss of the forward operating base, the destruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel, and the rampage of the Blue Star Expeditionary Force. The Heavenly Court's attack failed, and the Nine Satellites Expeditionary Force was severely injured. The reconstruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel failed.

He explained in extreme detail.

The main point was that they had suffered a crushing defeat, including how they had suffered a crushing defeat.

For example, the revival of the ancient Heavenly Court, the restoration of the energy intensity of the high-temperature fire screen in the solar system, the Longevity Emperor Seal that Xu Tui had, the Nine Luminaries Guardians, and so on.

Xu Yi only pointed out the problems in all of this. He did not analyze any reason, much less shirk any responsibility. It could even be said that he had taken all the responsibility on him. Every sentence was a crime.

If an ordinary person saw this, it would really be Xu Yi's fault. The Spiritual Race's Great Elder

was incompetent.

However, who was the Holy Ancestor? The Holy Ancestor was a supreme existence who had founded the Spiritual Race 3,000 years ago. He knew countless secrets of the ancient Heavenly

Court.

At this moment, as soon as he saw the apology letter, he saw many things that others did not

know.

Ever since the restoration of the energy defense screen of the four Heavenly Gates and the energy intensity of the high-temperature fire screen in the solar system, the Holy Ancestor immediately realized that the Blue Star humans had already unsealed the Fire Origin

Universe.

From the Nine Luminaries Guardian, the Blue Star humans had already begun to fully benefit from the inheritance power of the ancient Heavenly Court. The destruction of the intergalactic quantum teleportation channel might be the result of the combination of

ancient luck.

After reading this, the Holy Ancestor looked at Xu Yi differently.

Previously, he felt that Xu Yi was incompetent. Looking at it now, there was only one word-

unlucky!

He happened to be in charge of this era. Moreover, from this apology letter, he was wholeheartedly defending the Spiritual Race. He did not defend himself at all. It was a little

responsible.

Then again, even if he did not contribute, he had worked hard all these years. Moreover, judging from the current situation, it was not easy to change one's looks at the last minute. If

it were this Great Elder, it would probably take him less than ten years to completely take over

the entire Spiritual Race.

After all, the Spiritual Race was too big.

Suddenly, the Holy Ancestor's intentions changed.

That was because the Holy Ancestor knew very well that the situation had been like this for the past few years. Anyone would have suffered like Xu Yi. However, if the Fire Origin Universe had already been unsealed and returned to its original state, there would be an energy foundation to activate it.

Their wait was about over. To a certain extent, everything that had happened before was for this moment. That was because some things could only be solved from the inside.

It was time.

A few minutes later, a grand voice sounded in the entire Sanctuary. "Xu Yi has been conscientious and diligent in recent years. He has been specially bestowed with a spiritual treasure. The reward is admonition!"

As soon as the holy order was issued, Xu Yi's face was already covered in tears. He shouted the

name of the Holy Ancestor and knelt for a long time. Many people inside and outside the Sanctuary heard the holy decree, but they were stunned.

This was especially so for the group of main elders led by Tu Hou. Recently, they had been preparing to force Xu Yi to abdicate. But now...

All of them were stunned on the spot. What was going on?

The Holy Ancestor's aura disappeared from the Sanctuary, but he suddenly appeared above

the Milky Way. His majestic voice silently spread to two corners of the Milky Way. "Yuan, Hei Yang, the time is about right."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1