Chapter 802 - 802 The Breaking Point Of The Fortress

802 The Breaking Point of the Fortress

All the members of the Worldly Special Force did not expect that the scene of the space invasion, which should have been a life-and-death battle, would suddenly become cultivation.

Cultivating day and night!

And it was the kind that was not allowed to be consumed.

Before this, be it Zhao Hailong and Luo Murong, who had participated in many battles on Mars, or Li Zheng, who had someone at home, they had all used Origin Crystals to cultivate.

However, every time they used an Origin Crystal to cultivate, they were afraid that they would waste any energy. They were just short of cutting the Origin Crystal into a small portion of 0.1 grams.

They had to forcefully absorb an Origin Crystal a few more times after it was depleted. It was exactly the same as a starving person licking his bowl after eating delicious food. However, on the seventh day of this space invasion, using Origin Crystals was like eating in school.

It would be fine if he ate everything. Licking the bowl did not exist!

Efficiency was important!

This was because the regiment commander had ordered that they had to use up all the Origin Crystals they had within five days. Whoever could not use it all would get a smaller cut of the dividends next time!

This made the hearts of the group members ache. If they could not use it all, they would reduce the next dividend. Wouldn’t that make things difficult for the Origin Crystals?

So they trained with their lives!

A few Extreme Branch students trained their other abilities after they finished training their energy fields, eyes, legs, and strength. Of course, speed was the most important.

The Mystery Branch was not idle either. They trained their mind power, mental perception, and related superpowers with all their might. When the relevant genetic ability chains were stimulated to the limit, they would crazily absorb energy to strengthen themselves.

On the ninth day of the space invasion, which was also the afternoon of the third day of bitter cultivation for the members of the Worldly Special Force, Miao Huanshan, who was sitting cross-legged and cultivating, suddenly became tense.

“Commander, there are five of them. I’ve already activated five genetic base points for mental perception! My combat distance has already soared to 105 meters. I feel that my genetic ability chain for mental perception has been completed!”

“That’s quite fast. Under normal circumstances, you would be able to form a mental perception genetic ability chain with six genetic base points. You’ll probably succeed in a day or two. Your combat strength will definitely increase,” Xu Tui, who was cultivating not far away, said.

“Yes, yes, yes!” Miao Huanshan was as excited as a chicken pecking at grains. “Yes, Regiment Commander. I feel that other than the increase in my mind power from the Extreme Cultivation Technique, my mind power will also increase with every genetic base point I activate. Moreover, the most important thing was the combat distance! Haha, Old Tao, in a day or two, I can hammer you from afar, but you can’t hit me! I’ll hammer you to death when the time comes!”

In the distance, Tao Guan, who had turned into a phantom and was flickering, looked at Miao Huanshan in disdain. “Let me tell you, my speed has officially broken through to 100 meters in 2.5 seconds. My effective range is 150 meters. I can get out of or into your range in a second. Hammer me? You haven’t had a chance.”

Miao Huanshan froze. Stunned, he looked at Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan. “Sister Li, Xing’zi, Sister Yan, how far have you cultivated your mental perception?”

Xu Tui glanced at Miao Huanshan. This fellow wanted to find a sense of superiority in cultivation and have a good time. However, according to the situation that Xu Tui sensed, he would probably be defeated.

“Oh, I’ve already activated six genetic base points of my mental perception. With my current mind power, my combat distance is more than 140 meters,” Yan Xuejin said.

This… was stronger than him.

Miao Huanshan looked at Li Zheng and Mu Xingluan.

“My mental perception has succeeded! The combat distance has soared to 190 meters. I can help the regiment commander in the future!”

Li Zheng’s words stunned Miao Huanshan. Damn it, why were they all stronger than him? He cultivated very hard!

“What about you, Xing’zi?”

“Me?” Mu Xingluan glanced at Miao Huanshan. “I also succeeded this morning. The furthest combat distance has already reached 270 meters.”

Miao Huanshan was speechless.

Looking at Miao Huanshan’s defeated expression, Luo Murong, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, and the others not far away laughed at the same time.

“Why… are they all faster than me?” After a while, Miao Huanshan smiled bitterly.

“You cultivate in four directions at the same time. They only cultivated two to three directions. It will naturally be faster,” Xu Tui said with a smile. “It doesn’t matter if you cultivate one day earlier or later. It’s fine as long as your overall abilities have improved.”

Stunned, Miao Huanshan nodded. He lay flat on the ground and sighed again. “Commander, I spent more than 20 grams of Origin Crystals to cultivate today. Compared to the previous cultivation consumption, this was not just fish and meat. It was simply a delicacy! Tell me, what if I don’t have any Origin Crystals to cultivate after I go back?”

Miao Huanshan’s thoughts were actually the thoughts of many members. Everyone who was cultivating looked at Xu Tui.

“You can consume Origin Crystals, but the strength you train will not decrease! Besides, if you have the strength, why would you be afraid of not having Origin Crystals?” Xu Tui said.

As everyone nodded, Xu Tui said to Yan Lie, who was far away, “Old Yan, recover your stamina. We’ll reconnoiter again in two hours.”

“Okay!”

After he finished speaking, Xu Tui focused on his cultivation.

Including the dividends from the Origin Crystals he had traded from the European Sector and his previous savings, Xu Tui had more than 400 grams of Origin Crystals that he could use for cultivation.

It was also because of this that Xu Tui had a great time cultivating for the past three days. Other than sleeping to recover his mind power and reconnaissance time, he spent the rest of his time cultivating.

In terms of cultivation strength, it was only stronger than when he was on the Blue Star.

After all, there were 31 hours a day! Basically, Xu Tui could strengthen one genetic base point to Level 3 gold every two to three hours. After three days, he was almost out of 400 grams of Origin Crystals.

Another 26 genetic base points were completely strengthened to Level 3 gold.

In the past, Xu Tui felt that it was impossible to strengthen all the genetic base points in his body to Level 3 Gold. From the looks of it now, it seemed possible.

Other than the 360 genetic base points in the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain that could strengthen itself to Level 3 through continuous cultivation, a third of the other more useful genetic ability chains in Xu Tui’s body had already been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

The main genetic ability chains used in battle, such as mental perception, mental whip, the Mountain Formula, the Stab Formula, the Water Puppet, and spiritual resonance, had all been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

Unfortunately, he is not on the moon now. If he was on the moon, Xu Tui could begin to use the relevant elixirs, find a genetic ability chain, and try to evolve his genes.

Once he broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, his strength would increase greatly.

But according to An Xiaoxue, breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm was not something that could be done just because one wanted to. Some people would need several years even with pure medicine.

However, if he could obtain sufficient energy, he would definitely be able to greatly shorten the time needed to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm and increase the success rate of breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm!

Simply put, he had to spend money!

The higher the level of the cultivation of genetic newcomers, the more money they spent. In the early stages of cultivation, his talent was ranked first. In the middle and late stages of cultivation, money was ranked first.@@novelbin@@

However, being able to spend money was only the first step!

Two hours later, Xu Tui strengthened a genetic base point in his mind power strength to Level 3 gold. He felt the slight increase in the strength of his mental shield and came to a realization. He could not pay too much attention to his actual combat abilities.

Some basic genetic abilities might improve actual combat more than one could imagine.

...

For example, the enhancement in genetic base points of mind power strength could greatly increase the defense of the mental shield and the effect of stepping on air.

Xu Tui even guessed that the effect of the strength of his mind power might be closely related to his ability to fly on a sword.

It was also like instantiation and high-level instantiation. This instantiation referred to the materialization of mind power, not the perception of instantiation.

Another example was the ability to control objects. Although there were very few genetic base points, it could also strengthen the lethality of the flying sword.

“I still lack Origin Crystals…” Xu Tui looked at the remaining dozen grams of Origin Crystals and stopped cultivating.

Since he did not have enough Origin Crystals, he would save these dozen grams of Origin Crystals to activate the genetic base points of the quantum entanglement energy teleportation. Of course, Xu Tui’s so-called ten-odd grams of Origin Crystals was only for cultivation.

He did not dare to touch the 50-gram earth-element and water-element Origin Crystals.

“Old Yan!” Xu Tui shouted.

Yan Lie’s figure flashed from afar. “I’m ready. Shall we set off?”

“Let’s go! Hailong, we’ll continue our reconnaissance. Be on guard.”

“Yes, Commander. Don’t worry!”

...

…

Base 12, which he had discovered in the map data he had obtained previously, was about 240 kilometers away from the valley where the Worldly Special Force were now. The flying time of the jet aircraft was an hour and a half.

However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie changed to walking on the ground when they were still 50 kilometers away from the base. At the same time, they activated the camouflage change function of their combat uniforms.

It was already two hours later when they arrived nearby.

“Check the data recorded by the electronic devices first.”

On their first day of reconnaissance, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had placed electronic devices to facilitate the recording of the movements of the Mechanical Spirit Race in Base 12. After all, the possibility of being exposed was too high if they stayed there and kept an eye on them.

“None!” Yan Lie shook his head. “It’s been three days. The Mechanical Spirits in the base have not done anything to the energy defense barrier. It looked like it had contracted. Commander, why don’t we still use the bait plan?”

Xu Tui shook his head. “Their current contraction behavior is most likely because they received the relevant contraction defense instructions from the first main base. Under such circumstances, the probability of the bait plan failing is very high. If we attack, we only have one chance!”

“Then what should we do? If the bait plan is going to fail, there’s basically no possibility of attacking.”

“Help me keep watch. I’ll make some arrangements up close and see if there are any useful opportunities.”

“Okay!”

The basic structure of Base 12 was similar to Base 14. All the buildings had only been slightly changed according to the terrain. The basic layout had not changed much.

Xu Tui followed the mountain and activated the anti-reconnaissance function of his combat uniform. He slowly approached Base 12.

A temporary communication tower had been established. However, so far, no special forces had broken through the base of the alien invaders. From this, it could be seen how powerful the defenses of these bases were.

It was mainly because the energy shield with the reactor’s energy supply was too strong and could not be easily broken.

Xu Tui guessed that Ruan Da might have a treasure that could break through the energy protection shield, but no one was willing to use it.

After all, that was what they used to save their lives.

Similarly, Xu Tui estimated that the two small swords that Mr. Ji and Mr. He had given him to save his life also had the possibility of breaking through the energy protection shield. But it’s the same, Xu Tui could not bear to use it either.

It was too wasteful to use such a precious treasure on an inanimate object like the energy protection shield.

But Xu Tui was not anxious at all.

The energy protection shield of the alien base was strong enough. It could not be broken. However, in the history of the Blue Star, the strongest fortresses were often broken through from the inside.

Xu Tui did not plan to touch the energy shield. Instead, he wanted to start with the people in the base.

Those Mechanical Spirits were the best targets!

After waiting for about half an hour, a large number of humanoid creatures surged out of the living area. At the same time, more than a dozen Mechanical Spirits on duty also came out.

Xu Tui knew that his chance had come.