Chapter 807 - 807 Capturing A Spiritual Embodiment

807 Capturing a Spiritual Embodiment

It was too sudden!@@novelbin@@

In less than ten seconds, the enemy had entered the inner living area. What was worse was that it was in the middle of a training session of the Spiritual Embodiment.

The commander of Base 12 was not worried at all when he noticed the enemy attack.

Similar situations had happened hundreds of times in other bases. It was true that the Blue Star humans who were teleported to this planet could not break through the energy protection shield of their base.

!!

But he realized that the 18 Mechanical Spirit Guards had disobeyed his orders and rushed out of the energy defensive barrier, the Blue Star humans obtained the pass of these Mechanical Spirit Guards and rushed into the energy defensive barrier in a few seconds.

He was stunned!

He felt like he was going crazy.

Instinctively, or rather, out of the instinct to seek benefits and avoid danger, the commander of Base 12 chose to first gather the Spiritual Embodiments that were training.

The most important thing in the base was the Spiritual Embodiment. Once there was a problem with the Spiritual Embodiment, even his superior, Yin Zhou, would not be able to protect him. Therefore, the first order of the commander of Base 12 was to let a portion of the forces under him gather and protect the Spiritual Embodiments.

The second order was to face the enemy.

As for self-destruction, did he need to think about it?

As a result, the adjutant who was giving various control orders in front of the command desk only thought of activating self-destruction when he fainted without any warning.

However, at this moment, Yan Lie was the first to arrive in front of him.

Yan Lie had already begun to attempt to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, but he had not completely broken through.

The commander of Base 12 that he had stopped was a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. In an instant, Yan Lie was sent flying. Blood flowed out of the corner of his mouth. The vine armor on his body shattered on the spot. Even his combat uniform had a huge hole.

However, that was enough.

Yang Huai and Cui Xi rushed over and blocked the commander of Base 12.

Xu Tui also rushed to the front of the command platform immediately. He accurately inserted one of Ah Huang’s external chips into the interface.

The architecture of Base 12 was similar to that of Base 14. The equipment in the internal command center was exactly the same.

The moment Ah Huang started working, Xu Tui’s mental hammer blasted over.

Yang Huai and Cui Xi were fighting a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. They could stop him and fight equally, especially since Yang Huai had already broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm. Coupled with his recent improvement, he was very powerful. Still, he might not be able to win in a short period of time.

But the battle quickly ended with Xu Tui’s mental hammer.

The commander of Base 12 was surrounded and killed by Xu Tui, Yang Huai, and Cui Xi in a few seconds.

“Old Yan, Old Cui, guard here. Yang Huai and I will help.”

In fact, the outcome of today’s battle had been determined from the moment the ten people of the Worldly Special Force rushed into the living area of the energy protection shield.

The defense power of Base 12 was similar to Base 14. It was filled with about 300 Mechanical Spirits.

The only difference was that in the previous patrols of Base 14, nearly 100 Mechanical Spirits had died outside the base. In reality, only 200 Mechanical Spirits had participated in the defense.

The 300 Mechanical Spirits of Base 12 participated in the battle one after another.

Some of the Mechanical Spirits only returned to participate in the battle after they gathered the Spiritual Embodiments.

However, this behavior was like adding fuel to the fire. They were sending themselves to their death! If the 300 Mechanical Spirits had all pressed forward at the beginning, they would have been able to pressure the Worldly Special Force.

But now…

There was a correction. There were actually 11 members of the Worldly Special Force who had rushed into the energy defense barrier.

Tao Guan, who was in charge of clearing out the energy jets in the outer base, decisively picked up an access card and rushed in to participate in the battle when he realized that the energy jets were not attacking them.

Luo Murong, Zhao Hailong, and Miao Huanshan were in charge of the main defense. With the support of the Mu Xingluan, they pushed the enemy back.

Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Tao Guan attacked.

At this moment, Yan Xuejin, who had not done much for the past few days, suddenly exploded. This fire-type supernatural being, who had a hint of masculinity, turned into a fire-type supernatural cannon. She was extremely ferocious.

By the time Xu Tui rushed out of the command hall, the seven of them had killed more than 50 Mechanical Spirits.

As Xu Tui and Yang Huai participated in the battle, the battle became a one-sided massacre.

The Mechanical Spirits that could have caused a little trouble for others were all instantly killed by Xu Tui.

Three minutes later, the battle was over.

The Mechanical Spirits of Base 12 were all wiped out.

Yan Lie was injured, and five other people were slightly injured. They did not suffer any losses. Of course, other than Xu Tui, almost everyone else had varying degrees of damage to their vine armor. Three of their vine armors were completely destroyed.

It could be said that Mu Xingluan’s Thousand Vines Armor had contributed greatly to such a battle record.

Of course, there was another very important reason.

This time, the various defensive energy launchers of Base 12 did not attack the people of the Worldly Special Force.

The reason for this was that Xu Tui had asked the members of the Worldly Special Force to wear a neckband that belonged to the Spiritual Embodiment. It was seized at Base 14 previously.

The defense system of the base could not attack Spiritual Embodiment with neck rings. Xu Tui had obtained an inconspicuous piece of information during his interrogation of the adjutant of Base 14.

The neck rings installed on the neck of the Spiritual Embodiment were all issued by the ruling species of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Xu Tui had this thought at that time. Would the automatic defense systems of all the alien bases recognize this neck ring and not attack them?

Clearly, Xu Tui’s guess was correct. It has been verified today.

This was another major benefit!

Of course, Xu Tui’s deduction was based on a combination of many factors, especially the value and needs of the Spiritual Embodiment.

“Li Zheng, Murong, Xing’zi, follow me! The rest of you, form a team and search the entire base and collect the spoils of war.”

The moment the battle ended, Xu Tui did not stop at all. He brought Li Zheng and Mu Xingluan straight to the human-like living area of the base.

...

It was also the living area of the Spiritual Embodiment. The moment they attacked just now, the first reaction of the commander of Base 12 was to gather the Spiritual Embodiment. It could be seen how important the Spiritual Embodiment was.

Bang!

Xu Tui forcefully broke through the door of the nearest dormitory and rushed in.

In the room, two humanoid lifeforms, one old and one young, were lying quietly on the bed with their eyes closed.

Xu Tui froze. He didn’t make it in time? Did they successfully self-destruct again?

However, after being stunned for a moment, Xu Tui suddenly realized that these two humanoid lifeforms were still alive. Their chests were heaving. They were still breathing. It was only because of some control or reason that they fainted and did not die.

“Both of you have healing abilities. Now, use your mental perception to observe the state of these two humanoid lifeforms and see if you notice anything.”

At the same time that he gave the order, Xu Tui’s mental perception also enveloped it. His spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation cut in at the same time.

Xu Tui did not dare to wake them up rashly. He wanted to understand the situation from the side.

Xu Tui’s expression froze a few seconds after he used his mental perception.

The Spiritual Embodiment in front of him, which was also a humanoid lifeform, was most likely a human from the Blue Star.

...

At the very least, based on Xu Tui’s mental perception, the Spiritual Embodiment in front of him was exactly the same as the humans on the Blue Star.

The genetic level was not something that Xu Tui could confirm with his mental perception. The spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation directly cut into the old man’s mind. The mind of these people was a little nervous and fearful. Although they were unconscious, their subconscious was still active. However, most of them were life scenes.

It was basically worthless. He tried, but advanced hypnosis was useless. They were in a completely unconscious state. If advanced hypnosis was useless, then Spiritual Concealment was also useless. They could not be awakened.

Xu Tui was a little frustrated. He tried it on the humanoid teenager beside him, but the results were the same.

“Did the two of you discover anything?” Xu Tui asked.

Li Zheng shook her head. “The aura in their bodies is normal. I didn’t find the reason for their coma, nor can I wake them up to treat them.”

“I sensed the aura of a rare poison in their bodies, but it’s very weak.” Mu Xingluan’s words made Xu Tui overjoyed.

“Xing’zi, can you detoxify the poison?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

Under Xu Tui’s expectant gaze, Mu Xingluan slowly shook her head. “It’s just a little aura perception. I don’t even know what poison it is. Moreover, it was most likely a synthetic poison. I could not solve it. I can’t wake them up either,” Mu Xingluan said.

“My energy perception did not find anything unusual! However, if it’s really a trace of poison, if I inject my energy field power into their bodies and it continues for a period of time, I might be able to help them detoxify the poison!” After saying that, Luo Murong added, “It’s not that the energy field has the effect of detoxifying. It’s just that the energy field can strengthen and support the detoxification ability of their bodies.”

“How long will it take?” Xu Tui quickly asked.

“It’s hard to say. At least six hours.”

“It’s a little long! But we can give it a try!”

As soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, Luo Murong walked toward the humanoid old man. Energy field power surged out and entered the old man’s body. “At this rate, I can only last two to three hours. I need you to replace me later.”

“No problem. It seemed that this was the only way for the time being.”

Xu Tui looked at the collars around the necks of the two humanoid lifeforms and dismissed the urge to take them off himself. If he forcefully removed it, there was a high chance that it would cause an accident.

“Xu Tui, we have discovered a large amount of dense verification data flow from Base 1. The verification data is stored in the core database. I can’t hack into it. It’s estimated that Base 1 will discover that something is wrong with Base 12 in 30 seconds.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

“Thirty seconds? Think of a way to stall for time!” Xu Tui became anxious.

“In this kind of real-time data flow, if a string of passwords doesn’t match, we will be discovered and quickly followed up. Unless we obtained the Secret Bead Chain! If you’re fast, I estimate that the long-range command will be activated in a minute at the latest. My suggestion is to violently dismantle the control center!”

“F*ck, I’ll be right there!”

Xu Tui returned to the command hall as quickly as he could. This time, he was familiar with the route.

Xu Tui used his mind power to violently dismantle the command center in the command hall as quickly as possible. Other than the three next-generation quantum chips, the rest of them were dismantled violently.

“The order is here…”

Almost the moment Ah Huang’s voice sounded, the light of the entire energy protection shield instantly dimmed.

Xu Tui successfully dismantled it with force. Although the destruction had caused the energy protection shield to disappear, the energy reactor and ore refinement center had been preserved. Most importantly, the thousands of human-like lives were also preserved.

As long as it was preserved, he could slowly study and find out the reason. However, before Xu Tui could relax, Li Zheng’s scream suddenly came from his combat walkie talkie. “Commander, come quickly. A machine has appeared here. It seems to be harming these humanoid lives!”

Three seconds later, Xu Tui rushed into the room where Li Zheng and the others were.

A probe poked out from the roof and was already connected to the neck rings of the two humanoid lives.

Xu Tui instantly thought of the spiritual box. He picked up Luo Murong’s golden saber and cut off one of the probes connected to their neck rings.

Bang!

The moment the head was cut off, the old man’s head suddenly exploded!