Chapter 803 - 803 We Lack Origin Crystals (1)

803 We Lack Origin Crystals (1)

Q: When was it the most difficult to push down your girlfriend?

It was definitely the most difficult when it was the first time.

The answer was not the most difficult one the first time. It was definitely an alien! The question was, when was the most difficult time to resonate and hypnotize an intelligent species?

The answer was the same as pushing his girlfriend down.

The first time was the hardest!

Any caster would need some time when they hypnotized intelligent species for the first time. However, when the same intelligent species was hypnotized by the same caster for the second time, the time and difficulty would be greatly reduced.

If he used Spiritual Resonance with Spiritual Concealment to leave an insignificant backdoor, he would instantly hypnotize them once he used it again.

That was what Xu Tui was doing now.

While the humanoid lifeforms of Base 12 were training, he first resonated with the guards of the Mechanical Spirit Race who were guarding them before trying to hypnotize them.

After the hypnosis was successful, he would be able to use Spiritual Resonance and Spiritual Concealment to leave a small hint. Then, the next time Xu Tui hypnotized them, he would be able to quickly hypnotize them. It would also affect their movements in an extremely short period of time.

This was considered a delicate job. He needed to do it one by one.

These humanoid lifeforms wearing collars under their necks took 45 minutes to train, so there was plenty of time.

At the same time, Xu Tui also used spiritual radiation and understood a little bit of fragmented information.

Of course, it’s very little.

After all, Xu Tui did not dare to hypnotize a Mechanical Spirit for too long in public. The hypnosis time of each Mechanical Spirit was only three to five seconds. Then, he would immediately remove the hypnosis and wake them up.

To these Mechanical Spirits, it was as if they had taken a nap and were in a daze. They would not notice anything unusual.

There was a reason why Xu Tui could move so easily. One was because many people had never tried to hypnotize the Mechanical Spirit. Of course, it was very likely that someone had tried it but did not succeed.

On the Blue Star, both the School of Radiation Influence and the School of General Senses were very unpopular. There were only a handful of people who cultivated one of the abilities. Xu Tui felt that he was most likely the only one who cultivated two uncommon abilities.

After all, it was difficult to get started with these two schools. The cultivation progress was slow and the combat ability was low. If one cultivated them alone, they would be asked if their brains were damaged. No one would dare to dual cultivate.

This also formed Xu Tui’s bug-like hypnosis ability. Even the Mechanical Spirit Race did not realize that there was someone among the humans who could hypnotize them so easily.

The other reason was that Xu Tui’s combat distance was too far away.

Under normal circumstances, a supernatural-type cultivator below the Genetic Transmutation Realm that had a combat distance of 200 to 300 meters was considered far. Even among Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, most of them had a combat distance of about 500 meters. It was below 500 meters.

Anything above 500 meters was considered far. A thousand meters was a distance that they could look up to. Most people estimated that their combat defense would be arranged at three hundred, five hundred, and a thousand meters.

But Xu Tui’s previous combat distance had reached 1,306 meters.

During this period of time, Xu Tui had crazily consumed Origin Crystals and strengthened all his genetic base points for mental perception to Level 3 gold. At the same time, his mind power had also increased because some of his genetic base points had overlapped with the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

Therefore, the distance of Xu Tui’s mental perception had increased to 1,520 meters.

1.5 kilometers!

This was not the limit! If he used the mind power enhancement necklace, Xu Tui’s combat distance would increase by 18%, reaching a terrifying distance of about 1,800 meters.

For example, Xu Tui was hiding in a small gully 900 meters away from Base 12. He was camouflaged with the color of the ground and carefully performed spiritual resonance and advanced hypnosis.

Even a high-altitude reconnaissance would not be able to discover Xu Tui without careful observation, let alone a range of vision.

Forty-five minutes later, all the humanoid lifeforms training in the energy protective shield living area returned to their rooms with natural expressions.

Xu Tui met up with Yan Lie and left quietly.

Under such frequent reconnaissance, based on the overall judgment, these humanoid lifeforms, the so-called Spiritual Embodiment, were probably not the ruling Spiritual Embodiment.

It was not a prison either.

After all, judging from their physiognomy and behavior, none of the 1,000 Spiritual Embodiments looked extremely poor and ferocious. They were not fierce at all and were all very docile. The food of the humanoid lifeforms that he had discovered in Base 14 was more like a recipe for the Blue Star humans.

In other words, this Spiritual Embodiment was very likely a human from the Blue Star!

Captured?

Raised?

Or something else?

Xu Tui had already excluded the clone body. Currently, in the various public and private technological research of the Blue Star, clones had memories, but no intelligence!

For example, if you let go of Xu Tui’s clone body in the Research Institute Number 14, it would instinctively act. He would eat and excrete, but he did not have intelligence or emotions. He would only act according to his instincts. The intelligent species could not be replicated. Therefore, the clone body could only be used as a tool.@@novelbin@@

This was because the cloning equipment used for Research Number 14 was the highest technology of the alien species that Shang Long had obtained back then.