Chapter 806 - 806 Bait Plan Reappears

806 Bait Plan Reappears

After leaving the Huaxia Sector’s communication channel in the temporary communication tower, the members of the Worldly Special Force were still indignant.

Sha Yue from the Haotian Special Force was too f*cking despicable.

Giving resources to the enemy?

They were actually tricking the enemy!

!!

They were originally about to give up Base 14. They even swindled 1,600 grams of Origin Crystals and a large number of supplies before they left.

“Hurry up and cultivate. We’ll carry out our next operation when you use up all the Origin Crystals in your hands,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, Commander. I’m not going to sleep today!” Yang Huai, who had not interrupted earlier, was the first to express his stance.

“I’m not sleeping either!”

“Nonsense! Cultivation is cultivation. Resting and recovering physical strength is the red line. You have to be prepared for battle at all times. Your preparation for battle can’t be affected by your training.”

After Xu Tui lectured them, the group of members immediately became obedient and started cultivating.

Actually, Sha Yue from the Haotian Special Force had not only intentionally called on Xu Tui on the Huaxia Sector’s public communication channel today, but he also had a very strong purpose.

The most important thing was to stand on the moral high ground and confirm the core status of the Haotian Special Force.

It could also be considered a show of strength for the Worldly Special Force.

There was also internal strife in the special forces. This was not because Ruan Da and the others were short-sighted, but because they were affected by the overall change in power.

Ever since the Shamera incident, although the internal affairs of the Blue Star were still very stable, in reality, those Planetary realm powerhouses who had ideas had already begun to take action silently.

Why was the Haotian Special Force created by the grandson of the Planetary realm powerhouse, Ruan Tianzuo?

This year, he had even pulled the two youngest sons of other planetary-level powerhouse, Jian Zhen, into the Haotian Special Forces.

The signal behind this was actually very strong. However, on the surface, it was still calm. It could be said that the power struggle between a Planetary realm powerhouse and the Blue Star Genetic Committee was gradually surfacing.

This was a deeper reason.

In simpler terms, Xu Tui, who Cai Shaochu supported, was another group of chess pieces.

That’s right, the various special forces had vaguely become pawns for planetary-level powerhouses to arm-wrestle.

Suddenly, Xu Tui thought about how Shamera had been the traitor who was destined to fail. Did he also have the support or instructions of a Planetary realm powerhouse to test the waters?

Then who was the Planetary realm powerhouse behind Old Sha?

Xu Tui’s head hurt when he thought about these complicated relationships. He decided not to think about them.

The chessboard was too big. Xu Tui could not reach the level of the chess player. Since he could not play chess, he would be a powerful chess piece. No matter where he was, he would kill anyone who stood in his way.

“Commander Zhu, Commander Li, I am Xu Tui.” After focusing on the situation, Xu Tui contacted Zhu Lang and Li Zhen alone.

Zhu Lang had made a contribution in actual combat on Mars. He had been promoted from a colonel to a brigadier general. This was also the reason why he could become the commander of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team.

Li Zhen was his partner and became the vice-commander. However, Li Zhen’s contribution points and qualifications were slightly inferior. He was still a senior colonel.

“Xu Tui, how’s your situation?” Zhu Lang had a good relationship with Xu Tui and the others.

Li Zhen was the same. But Li Zhen took the path of scheming. He was quiet and tactful. He never expressed his stance easily. But no matter what, he would definitely not drop the ball at the critical moment!

He was not worried about that at all. His niece, Li Zheng, was beside Xu Tui.

“It’s very safe at the moment. Commander Zhu, I contacted you because I need you to pay attention to something.”

“Speak!”

“Pay attention to the special forces and the battle teams in the various alliances. See if any special forces will use bait to obtain an access card after today to try to break through the energy protection shield of the alien base,” Xu Tui said.

Zhu Lang was stunned, but Li Zhen’s voice rang out. “You think there’s a traitor among the participants in the Huaxia Sector?”

“It’s best if there isn’t any.” Xu Tui did not deny his thoughts.

The reason why he chose to say it on the public channel was also a test.

“There’s something else I have to tell the two commanders. I once had a rather unpleasant conversation with the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Tian. From his tone, he’s sending reinforcements,” Xu Tui said.

“Reinforcements? How many will there be? How long will it take to arrive?” This was Zhu Lang’s first reaction.

However, Li Zhen immediately thought of many things. “Xu Tui, why do I feel a little afraid of you? You f*cking sold the European Sector and they even helped you count the money. You had taken the benefits and avoided the risk. Tell me, did you plan to give up on Base 14?” Li Zhen asked.

Xu Tui secretly gave him a thumbs-up. Li Zhen’s reaction was too fast.

“I have the idea of evacuating. Commanders, I’m just giving you a reminder. This was because before this, the commander-in-chief of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s main base, Yin Zhou, seemed to have some understanding of the basic strength of our participants. If there are really reinforcements, they will definitely be far stronger than our basic strength. Therefore, you have to be careful,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, we understand.” Zhu Lang reacted slowly.

Xu Tui was relieved. He did not have the ability or the mood to care about the other sectors. However, he had to reduce his losses as much as possible in the Huaxia Sector.

…@@novelbin@@

For the next five days, Xu Tui would go on reconnaissance every morning and in the afternoon. That was when the humanoid creatures in Base 12 were out for a walk. He would also do the preparatory work.

At the same time, they also finalized the battle plan.

Early in the morning of the 12th day of the space invasion, Xu Tui gathered a group of members. “Whose Origin Crystals have not been exhausted?

“If you use it slowly, contribute it and get everyone to help!”

Everyone laughed!

How was that possible!

They trained with all their might. In order to use up their Origin Crystals, they trained with all their might and saved time.

Of course, their strength had also increased significantly.

In Luo Murong’s words, an increase of five days was comparable to half a year of bitter cultivation. However, the resources consumed during these five days of bitter cultivation might be the total cultivation resources of the past few years.

...

Other than the quantitative increase in speed for the members of the Extreme Branch, there were huge improvements in other aspects, although it was still not obvious.

The few people from the Mystery Branch had successfully activated their mental perception genetic chains. Their total mind power had increased by about 15%.

Their improvement could be said to be huge! This increase would definitely cause a sensation when they went back to the Blue Star. Of course, if they released the consumption amount, the teachers would be in despair!

The person who consumed the least Origin Crystals to activate a mental perception genetic ability chain also used 41 grams.

This was already the top-notch paywall!

“Alright, since your strength has increased, let’s have a battle to test your strength. Let’s go. Xing’zi, set up the Thousand Vines Armor for Old Cui first and prepare to execute the bait plan,” Xu Tui ordered.

As soon as these words were spoken, the group members froze.

They’re still continuing with the bait plan? Didn’t Commander Xu Tui personally reject the bait plan previously? Why was he executing it now? What was going on?

However, Xu Tui’s prestige in the Worldly Special Force was gradually increasing. No one questioned him anymore.

Of course, it was not up to him.

“Commander, are you sure? Should we continue with the bait plan?”

...

“I’m sure. Don’t worry, I’ve already done the relevant preparatory work,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

Xu Tui did not plan to tell them about the specific preparations for the time being.

Ten minutes later, the members of the Worldly Special Force placed all their supplies into the triangular flying saucer. Eleven of them went into battle lightly. Two hours later, when the anti-reconnaissance function was fully activated, they quietly approached Base 12.

Xu Tui made a last-minute plan at a col a thousand meters away from Base 12.

“Later, when we reach this position 500 meters away, Old Cui will appear here. After Old Cui appears, the Mechanical Spirits on duty will immediately rush over through the energy defense barrier.

“Tao Guan will use long-range cover to break through the energy jets. Li Zheng, Xing’zi, Xuejin, and Old Miao, the four of you will charge in with all your might. If you can’t, you will support us outside.” After saying that, Xu Tui turned his gaze to Luo Murong, Yang Huai, Yan Lie, Cui Xi, and Zhao Hailong. “When we move later, even if an attack lands on you, you must not slow down. You have to rush into the energy protection shield immediately before doing anything else!”

“Don’t worry, Commander.”

“By the way, Commander, what if the Mechanical Spirits on duty don’t come out after Old Cui appears?” Zhao Hailong asked worriedly.

“Don’t worry, those Mechanical Spirits will definitely come out!” Xu Tui was extremely certain.

Zhao Hailong tightened his grip on the silver spear. Was the regiment commander that confident?

Fifteen minutes later, in the living area of the energy protection shield of Base 12, more than a thousand human-like creatures came out to train again. At the same time, two teams of 20 Mechanical Spirits came out.

“The others, get ready. Old Cui, go!”

Almost at the same time, Cui Xi immediately darted towards the energy defense barrier and attacked it with his staff.

Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and the others stared at the Mechanical Spirits. If these Mechanical Spirits were unmoved, the plan would completely fail! The moment Cui Xi appeared, 18 of the 20 Mechanical Spirits suddenly turned around and charged toward the energy defensive barrier. They surrounded Xu Tui.

That speed and uniformity shocked Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and the others.

Bait plan? It was executed so crudely, yet it succeeded just like that?

The moment the 18 Mechanical Spirits charged out of the energy barrier, Xu Tui brought a group of people and charged forward like a ferocious tiger.

There was only one point the entire time—speed!

They endured the bombardment of the base’s energy jets! While they were charging at full speed, everyone used the jet thrusters under their feet. They covered the 500-meter distance in six to seven seconds.

The moment they charged forward, half of the 18 Genetic Mutation Realm Mechanical Spirits fell.

A portion of it was caused by Xu Tui.

The other portion was caused by Cui Xi.

In the living area of the Energy Protection Barrier, the alarms rang and it instantly became a mess. This was especially so for the thousands of human lives that were training. They instantly became chaotic.

The screams and roars were no different from an ordinary Blue Star citizen encountering a disaster. But other Mechanical Spirits immediately rushed out and roared angrily, organizing the return of these humanoid lives.

It was at this moment that Xu Tui and the others had already taken off the access cards of the Mechanical Spirit guards that had been killed. They instantly flashed and charged into the energy protection shield of the base.

It was also at this moment that the commander of this base did not react at all, perhaps because of the chaos of the humanoid creatures or the abnormal operations of these Mechanical Spirit Guards.

At this moment, other than Tao Guan, who had been arranged outside, the other members of the Worldly Special Force had all rushed into the energy protection shield.

Ten people rushed in!

In Xu Tui’s opinion, there was no longer any suspense in taking down Base 12. However, how far they could take it depended on the actual situation.

“Hailong, you command here! Yang Huai, Cui Xi, Yan Lie, open the way. We’ll kill our way to the command hall!”

As he spoke, Xu Tui had already stepped into the air. An invisible mental hammer flew out and pounced toward the command hall. This time, he wanted to stop the Mechanical Spirit from activating the destruction program immediately.

He wanted to see if he could get any survivors from the humanoid life forms.