Chapter 805 - 805 We Lack Origin Crystals (3)

805 We Lack Origin Crystals (3)

“Let me tell you. It’s 1,600 grams of Origin Crystals! Commander Xu Tui of our Worldly Special Force sold an alien strategic base with an intact ore refinement center and mining area for 1,600 grams of Origin Crystals! He even f*cking sold it to the European Sector!”

At this point, Sha Yue had already roared, “Xu Tui, contact us if you lack Origin Crystals! Not to mention 1,600, we can even afford 3,200 grams and 4,800 grams! Sell it to us at a high price! What was the point of selling it to the European Sector? It would be better to sell it to the Russian Federation than the European Sector!

“Do you know the true value of a strategic base with an intact ore refinement center? But f*ck, you actually gave it away! Aren’t you f*cking helping the enemy?” Sha Yue roared arrogantly!@@novelbin@@

“Shut up! You don’t have the ability to break into the alien base, but you’re blaming us!” Luo Murong’s voice was the first to sound in the communication channel. Luo Murong also had the authority of a vice-captain.

“Helping the enemy? Sha Yue, you’re f*cking trying to accuse us! Do you know what kind of situation we were in when we traded?” In the next moment, Cui Xi, who also had the authority of a vice-commander, cursed in the Huaxia Sector’s communication channel, “Where the f*ck were you when the 11 of us were surrounded by more than 400 people from the European Sector, the Apollo Special Force, and the Titan Special Force? Sha, does it feel good to talk nonsense?

“Come, if your Master Cui dies in battle with the people from the European Sector, can you brag about me or cry and come over to collect my corpse?”

Old Cui’s personality was quite straightforward. He was usually quite steady, but when his temper exploded, his mouth was a little vicious.

Sha Yue, who was interrupted, did not back down. “Even if the people from the European Sector surrounded you, they would definitely not dare to use force!”

“You idiot, that was three days ago. The temporary communication tower hasn’t been established yet. Nothing existed after we were destroyed! If not for the fact that the regiment commander had placed particle cluster high-explosive mines in the energy reactor of the alien base in advance, we might not even be able to exist now,” Cui Xi retorted.

“Actually, our deal is not—” Zhao Hailong was about to say something when he was stopped by Xu Tui.

It was better not to mention that the aliens would counterattack.

“Ruan Da, if the people of the Haotian Special Force will only use the morality stick to cause internal strife, then I’ll kick you out of this communication channel. I’ll pull you in when you make the same contribution.” Zhu Lang’s voice rang out.

To a certain extent, the commanders of the battle teams of the various sectors were also the overall commanders of the space invasion. They did not have absolute command over the special forces in the alliance. However, in reality, they had a lot of say.

“Uh, Commander Zhu, I’m sorry. Vice-Commander Sha Yue of my regiment is a little agitated. Please understand. Of course, it’s mainly because the Worldly Special Force lost the alien strategic base that they had just obtained. This loss is really painful!” Ruan Da explained.

“Losses?” Before Xu Tui could respond, Zhu Lang, the commander of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team, spoke again, “Is this a loss? They had conquered the base, so it was their decision to trade for safety or other reasons. What did we lose?

“Ruan Da, it seems that you did not take Principal Cai’s words to heart at all. Principal Cai had said before we went to battle that we who participated in the battle were the first. More people returning alive was more meaningful than obtaining more resources. If you don’t want the commander of the Haotian Special Force to be changed next year, I hope you can remember this.”

In a certain temporary shelter, Ruan Da’s face instantly turned red when he heard Zhu Lang’s voice. This was already a public reprimand! He was extremely disrespectful to Ruan Da.

“Commander Zhu only emphasized Principal Cai’s reminder again. Commander Ruan, be it the Worldly Special Force or the Haotian Special Force, they are all from the Huaxia Sector. They are all one. We should have more and better interactions in the future. It’s also extremely difficult to be surrounded by more than 400 people.” Li Zhen’s voice rang out. Old Li, this sinister person, saw that Zhu Lang was a little rash and quickly rushed out to smooth things over.

Li Zhen’s words gave Ruan Da a way out.

“We’ll pay attention in the future! By the way, since it’s an exchange, we want to know how the Worldly Special Force took down Base 14.” Ruan Da, who had a way out, asked.

“The fox tail appeared!” Luo Murong suddenly interrupted, causing the people communicating to suddenly become awkward, especially those from the Haotian Special Force.

It turned out that they wanted to know how the Worldly Special Force had taken down Base 14.

“Ruan Da, if you want to know such information in the future, be more direct. What’s the point of going through so many twists and turns and even put in personal attacks?” Xu Tui sneered.

“Our method of taking down Base 14 is very simple. Old Cui attacked the mining area alone as bait and attracted the attention of the Mechanical Spirit. Then, we snatched the Energy Shield Pass that the Mechanical Spirit guards were carrying. We took the opportunity to kill our way in. It’s that simple,” Xu Tui said.

“Is it that simple?” Ruan Da felt that it was a little easy to say!

“Do I need to tell you the trajectory of each of our attacks?” Xu Tui sneered. “Of course, there’s one thing I have to remind you. You have to be fast even if you manage to snatch the pass to the energy protection shield. They could turn off their access rights in an extremely short period of time. At the same time, an alien base has at least one Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivator,” Xu Tui added.

Xu Tui did not hide anything in this aspect. After all, this concerned the lives of the elites of the Huaxia Sector.

“By the way, Commander Zhu, we obtained a basic map of the current planet from Base 14. Do you need it? If you do, can I send it to you through encryption?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Of course. We need it very much!” Zhu Lang was overjoyed. “This is also another contribution. It will be recorded.”

As soon as Zhu Lang finished speaking, Ruan Da’s voice rang out again. “We need a copy of this map too.”

“Our Taiyi Special Force wants one too!”

Xu Tui let out a cold laugh in the Huaxia Sector’s communication channel. “The people of the Worldly Special Force are all poor. If the Haotian Special Force wants the map, exchange it with Origin Crystals!”

After he finished speaking, Xu Tui added, “Commander Zhu, I have exclusive rights to the map I submitted. It is my spoils of war. Other than your battle team, you have to obtain my authorization if you want to share it with anyone else.”

“Damn it!” Ruan Da, who was in the shelter, cursed when he heard Xu Tui’s words.

However, no one sympathized with or supported the Haotian Special Force. A minute ago, the Haotian Special Force even scolded the Worldly Special Force, who had risked their lives, for being poor!

They deserved to be retaliated against by the Worldly Special Force.

This was especially so when Xu Tui shared the basic situation of Base 14.

“I’ll encrypt this map. If the Haotian Special Force wants to use it, you’ll have to pay 100 grams of Origin Crystals. If the Taiyi Special Force wants it, you have to pay 10 grams of Origin Crystals! Contact Cui Xi if you want.

“Damn it, since the Haotian Special Forces were rich, you could exchange Origin Crystals for benefits. We are short of Origin Crystals! The method of taking down Base 14 just now was given to you for free! F*ck!”

Xu Tui ended the notification with a curse. Everyone behind the communication channel looked at each other.

This matter seemed to be done incorrectly by the Haotian Special Force.