Chapter 801 - 801 The Arrangement Of The Despicable And Lei Tian (2)

801 The Arrangement of the Despicable and Lei Tian (2)

“I understand. Sir, do you think that four to five Genetic Transmutation Realms are not enough?” Yin Zhou said.

“It’s not enough! It’s not rare for humans on the Blue Star to evolve and transmut. Wait a few more days until all the reinforcements I sent arrive before attacking with lightning speed,” Lei Tian said.

“Understood.”

Looking at Yin Zhou, Lei Tian felt a little helpless. The main characteristic of the Mechanical Spirit Race was that they were cheap and useful. It was because their main bodies were metal lumps that their spirits and intelligence were naturally inferior.

!!

“Oh, that’s right. Commander-in-chief, there’s a special situation that I need to report to you,” Yin Zhou said again.

“Speak!”

“Sir, someone from the Blue Star Humans has taken the initiative to contact us and wants to cooperate!”

Lei Tian, who was looking out of the window with his head lowered, suddenly raised his head. “Are you saying that someone from the Blue Star Humans who invaded the resource planet contacted you and wanted to cooperate? And not those idiots from Dawn?”

“Yes, Sir. They captured the captain of a patrol team sent out by the base, and sent back a message through this captive,” Yin Zhou said.

“What can they provide us with?” Lei Tian asked.

“Information. They can give us whatever we want. Correspondingly, the price is also very high,” Yin Zhou said.

These words made Lei Tian’s eyes twitch. He had already asked, “Including the location and related strength information of the combatants who invaded the resource planet?”

“I’ve asked. They didn’t explicitly refuse. They only emphasized that there had to be a suitable price!”

“As expected, the despicable people within them have appeared again. However, I like such people! Then what do they want?” Lei Tian’s mood instantly became happy.

“They want a lot of things. The first thing they want is the teleportation technology in the quantum entanglement state, the higher-level energy reactor technology, the method to quickly break through to the quasi-planetary-level, the ore refinement technology, the solidification method of the energy frequency, and so on,” Yin Zhou said.

“They have a big appetite. Many of the techniques are trash to us now. There’s no problem with trading them. However, if they can provide detailed information on the location of the invading army, then…” Suddenly, Lei Tian made a decision. “Alright, Yin Zhou, this matter might be of great significance. I’ll send someone to be in charge of this later.”

“What do you mean, Commander-in-chief?”

“The Blue Star humans who participated in the invasion are all elites of the Blue Star. There’s not much point in capturing one or two of them. If we could capture dozens or hundreds of people, both men and women, they would definitely be the best first-generation Spiritual Embodiment. This cooperation is very meaningful.

“I’ll make a new plan and inform you later. If it’s done, it’s not impossible for you to advance to another level,” Lei Tian said.

Yin Zhou was overjoyed. If he advanced one level higher, he would be considered the top in the Mechanical Spirit Race.

After the communication was cut off, Lei Tian pondered for a few seconds and suddenly said, “Lei Qian, send a message to Lei Xiang and ask him to come and see me immediately. Tell him that I’m preparing to send him to the Extreme Wind Number Seven. Also, tell Jin Kun that I have something on at the last minute and don’t need him to come over for the time being.”

Lei Qian was a little puzzled. “Sir?”

“Just follow my orders.”

“Yes!”

Jin Kun was also an expert of the Spiritual Race and had a close relationship with Lei Tian. However, his surname was Jin after all, not Lei. It was better for him to do something that had great benefits. He felt more at ease.

If he could obtain dozens of high-quality native progenitor Spiritual Embodiments, it would be a great contribution and gain even if this matter was placed on him.

Who asked that idiot, Dawn, to bring over trash?

Ten minutes later, Yin Suo and Bu Zheng arrived at the same time. After entering the command hall, they first bowed respectfully to Lei Tian.

Yin Suo was a human-shaped mechanical spirit with wings on its back, while Bu Zheng was a mutant. The vertical eye flickering with lightning on his forehead was exceptionally eye-catching.

“Sir, you were looking for us?”

“Yes, how’s the progress of the matter of asking you to head to the Extreme Wind Number Seven?” Lei Xiao asked.

“It’s estimated that four of the five Mechanical Spirits and three Dissimilate Clan have already gone there. There are still four left. It will take four days to teleport them all,” Bu Zheng said.

The quantum teleportation channels between the Planet Kono and the Extreme Wind Resource Star could teleport Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, but the restrictions were also very strong.

They could only send one Genetic Transmutation Realm expert every day and night.

“Yin Suo, Bu Zheng, there’s a change in the situation. I’m prepared to increase my strength. The two of you, go to Extreme Wind Number Seven too,” Lei Tian said.

Whether it was the Mechanical Spirit Race or the Dissimilate Clan, they were all ruled by the Spiritual Race. Moreover, in terms of strength, Lei Tian’s strength was even higher. To them, he was like a god.

Therefore, other than obeying the orders of the commander-in-chief, Lei Tian, they could only obey. However, Bu Zheng, who was smarter, asked another question.

“Sir, if Yin Suo and I go, who should be the leader?” Bu Zheng asked.

“Lei Xiang will also go over. When the time comes, just listen to his instructions.”

“Lord Lei Xiang will go too?” Bu Zheng was shocked.@@novelbin@@

“Yes.”

While they were talking, a sound came from outside the door. Deputy Lei Qian was about to report when she saw another female figure barge in.

“Uncle Lei, I want to go too! Since you’re going to use my race to head to the Extreme Wind Number Seven to kill the Blue Star humans who are participating in the battle, I want to go too!” The tall and fierce Lei Xiang had an awkward expression. He watched as the purple-haired Yanzi strode into the command hall.

Looking at Yanzi, Lei Tian felt a headache.

“You can’t go!”

“Why?” Yanzi straightened her slender neck. “I want to go. This time, I want to take revenge!”

Lei Tian shook his head firmly again. “No, your grandfather has already given me a death order. As long as your cultivation level doesn’t break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm, you won’t be able to leave Planet Kono. I don’t dare to disobey this order. If you really want to go out, look for your grandfather to remove this order first!”

Yanzi was furious. Her towering chest rose and fell violently. “Uncle Lei, Lei Xiang can go, but why can’t I? If you don’t tell him, how can my grandfather know? I don’t care. I have to go. Otherwise, just wait and see.”

Lei Tian had a headache. After some thought, Lei Tian said, “Do you still remember the Battle of Mars? The Blue Star humans opened a quantum teleportation channel.”

“Yes, why?”

“The quantum teleportation passageway on Mars leads to another extremely important portal planet, Proxima Centauri. The Blue Star humans had already sent several waves of people over. They would probably keep sending people over to explore.

“You should be able to break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm very quickly. Don’t waste your time. When you break through, I’ll send you to be the commander,” Lei Tian said.

Yanzi was the first to laugh. “Uncle Lei, are you serious?”

“Would I lie to you?”

...

Lei Tian was helpless. He was telling the truth. Of course, the prerequisite was that Yanzi’s strength had broken through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm. Otherwise, he would not dare to go even if Yanzi dared to.

“Then it’s settled. I’ll hurry up and cultivate when I get back,” Yan Zi said.

“By the way, Yanzi, hurry up and get a few of your guards over. Otherwise, I won’t be at ease even if you break through by yourself,” Lei Tian said.

“Yes, yes!” Yanzi, who was being coaxed, did not realize that Lei Tian had imperceptibly added another condition. In any case, as long as she could go and fight the Blue Star Humans, she would be able to take revenge for the humiliation she suffered last time.

After saying that, Yanzi, who had achieved her goal, happily prepared to leave. When she passed by Lei Xiang, Yanzi suddenly said, “Lei Xiang, if you encounter a bastard called Xu Tui on the Extreme Wind Resource Planet this time, capture him alive!

“It’s best if he’s alive. Get him back. I’ll stab him 800 times a day and make him wish he was dead!” Yanzi gritted her teeth.

“Yes, Xu Tui, I’ll remember that! If I can do it, you have to agree to one of my requests unconditionally,” Lei Xiang suddenly said. In any case, he had to state the conditions first.

Yanzi thought about it for three seconds before nodding. “Alright!”

After Yanzi, Yin Suo, Bu Zheng, and the others left, Lei Tian said directly, “Lei Xiang, take a set of quantum array cores and temporarily use them to strengthen the quantum teleportation channel of the resource star, so that the quantum teleportation channel can withstand your power. Go over. You’re responsible for….”