Chapter 809 - 809 The Mystery Of Cui Xi’S Charm (1)

809 The Mystery of Cui Xi’s Charm (1)

“Commander Zhu, Commander Li, do you want the base?”

At night, due to the harsh environment of the planet, basically all the battle teams returned to the shelters they had established. Xu Tui immediately pulled the commander of the battle team, Zhu Lang, and the deputy commander, Li Zhen, to an independent chat channel.

Li Zhen, this sinister person, spoke as slowly as ever. He was never in a hurry to express his stance. However, Zhu Lang asked suspiciously, “What base?”

“The alien base, of course,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

!!

“Extraterrestrial strategic base?” Zhu Lang paused. “That must be something you want even in your dreams. It’s too valuable. However, didn’t you already trade the one you attacked previously?”

After a pause, Zhu Lang suddenly said in shock, “Xu Tui, don’t tell me that you want to join forces with us to take back Base 14? Let me tell you, don’t even think about it. Putting aside the fact that even if we gathered all the strength of the Huaxia Sector, we could not guarantee that we could wipe out the strength of the European Sector.

“Most importantly, such a large-scale internal strife could not be activated! Otherwise, it would definitely start the path of the destruction of the Blue Star! Xu Tui, I know that you were surrounded by the people from the European Sector and were forced to trade out of Base 14. You were angry and wanted to take revenge. I understand.

“However, there can be small-scale internal strife. Such a large-scale internal strife is definitely…”

“Hey, hey, hey, Commander Zhu, are you imagining too much? Didn’t I tell you before that we had to give up on Base 14 because we were worried about the enemy’s counterattack? We just picked up some benefits along the way. How can you think so much?” Xu Tui quickly stopped him.

Zhu Lang, who was on the other end of the line, blinked. “Isn’t that explanation an excuse you came up with to protect your reputation?”

“F*ck…” If Zhu Lang was opposite Xu Tui, Xu Tui would definitely spit blood on his face. His imagination was simply amazing!

“Commander Zhu, I’m saying that the enemy will really counterattack,” Xu Tui emphasized.

“I believe you. We’ve already strengthened our defenses and made several emergency plans,” Zhu Lang said.

Xu Tui: “…”

Was Xu Tui a person who cared about his reputation?

“Xu Tui, you took down another base?” Suddenly, Li Zhen, who had been listening for a while, said something shocking.

In the command room of the large-scale shelter in the Huaxia Sector, Zhu Lang looked at Li Zhen with a stunned expression. “Do you think it’s true?”

Li Zhen nodded.

Xu Tui was a little surprised in the cultivation hall of Base 12.

Old Li was indeed powerful. He managed to guess the truth after listening to a few sentences.@@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui also understood why Zhu Lang could be promoted. Zhu Lang was the regiment commander, but Old Li did not get promoted even though he had similar contribution points. Moreover, he was Zhu Lang’s deputy.

In other words, they would not be at ease if they were not familiar with a sinister person like Old Li. Even if he was an acquaintance, they would be worried that this fellow would trick them.

However, although Zhu Lang felt that his reaction was half a beat slower than Li Zhen, they were not worried.

“That’s right. We took down Base 12 today. Do you want it?”

“How did you take it down? Hao Tian and the Taiyi Special Force have used the bait tactic at least twice. All of them failed. The enemies inside did not come out at all. How did you attack?” Zhu Lang asked anxiously.

“Bait.”

“I don’t believe you!”

“I’ll send you a video later! I’ll ask you one last time. Do you want the base? If not, forget it!” Xu Tui was furious. Damn it, he could not even send a base out.

“Yes!” This time, Zhu Lang and Li Zhen replied in unison.

“How many Origin Crystals do you want?” Zhu Lang asked.

“We from the Huaxia Sector are free. We don’t want Origin Crystals!”

“Really?” Zhu Lang was puzzled.

Xu Tui gritted his teeth when he heard this. In your eyes, I, Xu Tui, don’t have any style, right?

“Uh, Xu Tui, I’m sorry. It’s mainly because of my understanding of you… Tell me, what are your requests?” Zhu Lang knew Xu Tui very well. Didn’t Xu Tui want Origin Crystals the last time he fought on Mars?

Xu Tui: “…”

“How long will it take you to get here?”

“Is it urgent?”

“We can only plan our next move after you guys come over,” Xu Tui said.

“Have you grasped the trick to attacking the alien base?” Li Zhen suddenly asked.

“What trick? It’s all about strength!”

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen looked at each other. Who relied on strength? The Worldly Special Force was indeed powerful, but overall, could they be stronger than the Haotian Special Forces? Could they be stronger than the Taiyi Special Forces?

Just as he was about to say something, another private channel suddenly rang. Xu Tui, Li Zhen, Zhu Lang, and the others were pulled in.

This was the command channel of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team. Only the commanders and vice-commanders of the various battle teams and special forces could see this communication channel.

The person who pulled in Xu Tui and Zhu Lang was a stranger called Jian Dan.

Xu Tui was stunned when he saw the name. He then remembered his identity.

Jian Dan. The youngest son of Jian Zhen, a planetary-level powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector, had just joined the Haotian Special Forces this year. As soon as he entered the Haotian Special Forces, he was appointed as the vice-captain. He also had two teams of independent special forces under him.

“Commander Xu Tui, I would like you to explain the bait plan to us again. We and the Taiyi Special Force found three bases in three days and carried out the bait plan four times. However, we failed every time. One time, a comrade who was acting as bait was even blasted into pieces by their energy jets and long-range attacks.”