Chapter 808 - 808 Continue Selling It

808 Continue Selling It

In the main base of Resource Star Number Seven. The commander-in-chief, Yin Zhou, charged into the command hall of the main base like a tornado. The moment the silver light landed, he appeared beside the adjutant. “What’s the situation at Base 12?”

“Reporting to the commander-in-chief, our preliminary judgment is that Base 12 has been captured!”

“How did they discover it? How many enemies are there? How did they break through? Did any battle scenes come over? How is the current situation of the Spiritual Embodiments in Base 12?” Yin Zhou fired a barrage of questions.

“Commander, it’s a series of errors from the main base’s data center. It’s the real-time secret data stream, Base 12. The main base’s data center issued a warning.

!!

“We tried various methods to contact Base 12 in a short period of time but to no avail. The order to temporarily take over the command center of Base 12 was continuously intercepted by unknown forces. The main base’s data center automatically activated the self-destruction level.

“The self-destruction order was successfully issued, but the other party might have directly destroyed the hardware and blocked a portion of the order. Currently, we have lost contact with Base 12.”

The adjutant’s report stunned the commander of Planet Extreme Wind Number Seven, Yin Zhou, on the spot. “Don’t tell me that you gathered so little information when Base 12 was breached? You don’t even know how many enemies there are?”

“Commander, the data center of Base 12 is suspected to have been invaded, so no images are transmitted over. Moreover, it was breached extremely quickly. There was no information from the enemy from Base 12.” The adjutant looked helpless.

“What about the Spiritual Embodiments?”

“The ultimate collection procedure should have been activated. The ultimate collection procedure of the Spiritual Embodiments has an independent setup and an independent multi-system energy supply system. It should have completed the collection of the spiritual boxes. However, the spiritual box has most likely fallen into the hands of the invaders,” the adjutant said.

Yin Zhou’s expression became extremely ugly. Another base had been breached, and the spiritual box might be lost. If this continued, he would suffer. If he could not find the spiritual box, not only would Lei Tian beat him up, but he would also have to make a trip to the Thunder Prison!

Yin Zhou shivered at the thought of the Thunder Prison.

“Where is Envoy Lei Xiang? Where are they? Is there any possibility of them turning around and turning to Base 12?” Yin Zhou quickly checked the map.

“Commander, the surprise team led by Lord Lei Xiang arrived near Base 26 half a day ago. Tonight, they will rest at Base 26. They were expected to arrive at Base 15, which was the closest to Base 14, two days later. They would launch a surprise attack on Base 14 three days later. If they were to turn back to Base 12, they would have to pass by Base 14 and set up a temporary shelter near Base 14 to rest for a night.”

The adjutant’s words made Yin Zhou frown.

According to this route, there was no point in letting Lei Xiang’s surprise team change their target. They would kill the enemies of Base 14 and then kill the enemies of Base 12 along the way.

There was a difference of one to two days. In other words, it would take at least four to five days to reach Base 12.

Time did not matter.

The key was the spiritual box!

“Commander, in the past three days, the various bases have encountered similar bait-like tactics several times. However, the various bases have firmly carried out your orders. They even took the opportunity to kill two Blue Star humans who were acting as bait,” the adjutant reported.

This report made Yin Zhou’s heart skip a beat.

The Blue Star humans were very greedy. Over the past few days, they had been attacking their base crazily. Their goal was very clear: the ore refinement center. From this perspective, once the Blue Star human team took down their base, they would not give up easily.

In that case, Lei Xiang’s surprise attack team would definitely have a chance to snatch the spiritual box back. As long as he snatched back the spiritual box and completed Lord Lei Tian’s goal, not only would he not have to take responsibility, but he would also be able to make a contribution.

“How’s the preparation of the rapid transport team?” Yin Zhou suddenly asked.

“It’s already prepared. We’re just waiting for Lord Lei Xiang to successfully launch a surprise attack and capture the captives,” the adjutant replied.

“Alright, keep a close eye on them. Inform me immediately if there’s any news from Lei Xiang and the others!”

“In addition, inform the other bases about the breach of Base 12. Also, send a general order to the other bases to increase their vigilance and defend with all their might. They are not allowed to attack. Defend to the death. Defend to the death! All of you!” Yin Zhou shouted!

…

In Base 12, Xu Tui, Luo Murong, Li Zhen, and Mu Xingluan had stiff expressions. No one was shocked by this situation, but it was not comfortable to watch a living person’s head explode.

“This?” Luo Murong’s short words pointed toward the unconscious teenager. The pipe that poked out of the roof was connected to his neck ring.

Should he cut this pipe?

No one could make a decision. If he was cut off, his head would explode. If he did not cut it, he would immediately die of brain death.

Making such a choice was an indescribable torture!

Fortunately, time gave Xu Tui and the others a choice. They did not have to suffer anymore. Just ten seconds later, the limbs of the unconscious teenager started to twitch violently. The twitching lasted five seconds before it stopped. However, at the same time, his chest also stopped heaving.

Xu Tui could sense that the spirit of the unconscious teenager was gone.

Brain death!

The moment the teenager’s brain died, Xu Tui sensed that there seemed to be a spiritual fluctuation on the pipe.

Could it be that the so-called spiritual box was something that collected the spirits of Spiritual Embodiment or these humanoid lives?

If that was the case, the Spiritual Race would be too cruel. These humanoid lives, or rather, humans, were treated like pigs.

The difference was that the pigs were reared and slaughtered to eat meat. These humanoid lifeforms had been slaughtered to collect spirits and make them into spiritual boxes.

Suddenly, Xu Tui thought of the research team that the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, Cai Shaochu, had pulled him into.@@novelbin@@

The Galaxy Spirit Research Project Team!

At this moment, Xu Tui desperately wanted to see Cai Shaochu and ask him what was going on. He wanted to know what secrets the Spirit of the Galaxy that he was researching had.

There were too many things he wanted to know. Unfortunately, he could not contact him.

“Commander, I’ve checked. All the Spiritual Embodiments in the rooms are brain-dead. There are a total of 1,124 of them.”

A few minutes later, Li Zheng, Mu Xingluan, and the others came to report.

“Collect their neck rings. Also, remove a portion of this pipe and transport it back when you return. Also, retrieve all the neck rings that were distributed to avoid the attacks of the base’s energy jets. Store them alone to prevent us from being injured by the enemy’s long-range control.” Xu Tui gave a few orders.

The joy of taking down another base was indescribable.

The group members were familiar with searching for spoils of war. Not only did they obtain a large number of spoils of war, but they also found an Origin Energy overflow tunnel. It was still the Mechanical Spirit Race’s cultivation hall.

The specifications were similar to that of Base 14.

At night, the members of the Worldly Special Force gathered in the cultivation hall of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

After using up all the Origin Crystals, the effect of cultivating here was also extremely good.

According to everyone’s senses, the energy concentration in the cultivation hall of Base 12 was slightly higher than that of Base 14. The effect would be better when they cultivated later.

Xu Tui, who had been thinking for half a day, also figured out many things.

...

“Let’s have a meeting.” Xu Tui clapped his hands. He spoke after all the members gathered. “Alright, the first thing. Today’s coordinated battle was much better than the attack at Base 14 11 days ago. However, it was still not enough.

“After the meeting, everyone will reflect on what they can do better and cooperate better. It will make it faster for us to take down the base. We will have a reflection meeting tomorrow morning. That included the problem of cooperating with your abilities.

“It was not just your own problems. If you discovered any problems with your teammates, you had to point them out in person. Remember, my request is that no one is allowed to have any emotions during all these discussions. I’ll deduct Origin Crystals from anyone who has any emotions!”

Xu Tui smiled. He had gotten past the first point. If a team wanted to improve quickly, they had to reflect on themselves. It was better to find his own weaknesses than to be found by the enemy.

Usually, the weaknesses that the enemy found would smell of blood.

“The second point is to split the loot!”

Everyone laughed when they heard that. This was probably the favorite thing for the members of the Worldly Special Force.

“The spoils of war obtained from Base 12 include Mechanical Spirit Alloy. After returning to the moon, they will be distributed according to contribution. We had obtained a total of 273 grams of Origin Crystals from the corpses of the Mechanical Spirits, their dormitory, and the warehouse of Base 12.

“The commander is a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. I was the one who killed him. The key point in breaking through Base 12, which is to lure the 18 Mechanical Spirits out of the energy defensive barrier, was also completed by me during my reconnaissance these few days.

“Therefore, according to the contribution, I’ll get three portions. Each of you will get one. 273 grams of Origin Crystals. I’ll take 63 grams, and each of you will take 21 grams! We can discuss it again if you have any ideas,” Xu Tui said.

Everyone laughed and shook their heads.

...

All the members present had experienced the battle today. The 18 Mechanical Spirits reacted extremely quickly and rushed out of the energy defensive barrier. This was the key to the success of today’s bait plan.

Everyone knew that this was impossible under normal circumstances.

Xu Tui must have used some kind of ability. Otherwise, they would not have come out even if Cui Xi stripped naked and swung his staff. It was useless even if the beauties in the team went up.

The Mechanical Spirits only liked Mechanical Spirits. In their eyes, humans were like humans seeing cows, horses, pigs, and dogs. Not to mention that Xu Tui had easily killed the commander of the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Without Xu Tui, it was impossible to break into Base 12. To a certain extent, it was a little too little for Xu Tui to get three portions.

Seeing that no one had any objections, Xu Tui smiled. “I don’t like to talk about style. Whoever contributed the most would get more. This was especially so when it came to taking benefits. Therefore, if I took more this time, I would be righteous. It was still the same thing. If you have any objections, raise them in person! I’m still very democratic during non-war times.”

Naturally, no one had any objections. Everyone knew very well who had put in a lot of effort.

“In that case, we’ll split it! Same old rules. Don’t save up the Origin Crystals you get. Use them up tomorrow morning to increase your strength as soon as possible. Our gains have just begun.”

After the group of members happily took their Origin Crystals, Xu Tui said, “There’s one more thing. I’ll let you guys know in advance. I don’t plan to stay long in this base. If possible, I plan to continue selling it. Of course, this was a decision that I had thought about for half a day this afternoon. We might leave here in three to five days or seven to eight days.

“This is a notice. Of course, if you have any different opinions during non-war times, you can raise them if you can convince me.” Xu Tui shrugged.

“Commander, I want to know which side you plan to sell this base to.” Zhao Hailong was the first to ask.

“Of course it’s from the Huaxia Sector!”

“Then I have no objections.” Zhao Hailong laughed.