Chapter 804 - 804 We Lack Origin Crystals (2)

804 We Lack Origin Crystals (2)

Similarly, an alien clone body could only be a tool after being cloned, not an intelligent species!

Based on Xu Tui’s observations over the past few days, these humanoid lifeforms were intelligent, be it in their emotions, conversation, or actions.

In that case, a terrifying question occurred to him. How did the Mechanical Spirit or the Spiritual Race obtain these humanoid lifeforms?

Were they raised?

!!

Or were they captured?

…

Xu Tui and Yan Lie returned to the temporary shelter before dark. They routinely patrolled the surrounding ten kilometers. After confirming that they were safe, they continued to cultivate.

However, Xu Tui entered communication mode not long after he started cultivating.

On the afternoon of the seventh day of the space invasion, the first temporary communication tower was finally established. On the eighth day, the second temporary communication tower was also successfully established.

The special forces of the six alliances could finally exchange relevant information. However, this kind of communication was also divided into groups. There were already several chat groups.

The largest communication channel was the Public Channel. Members of the battle groups and special forces of the various sectors could shout here. Depending on their status, they had different rights.

For example, as the commander of the Worldly Special Force, Xu Tui had much more communication rights than ordinary members. He could clear the screen or even ban them from speaking.

Another example was the Huaxia-Russia Africa Communication Channel. It could be considered a communication channel for large-scale allies.

The various special forces had three spots for individual communication channels. He could pull in his favorite group of friends and set up a separate chat group. Currently, the Worldly Special Force did not have such a need.

It was said that many other special forces had already used it.

Of course, the Huaxia Sector’s battle team and the three special forces definitely had a separate communication channel, the Huaxia Sector’s communication channel. This communication channel was also the busiest.

After all, the people communicating in this communication channel were all on the same side. There was no need to worry about the leak. They could chat freely.

Those who could participate in this channel were mainly the 300 people from the Huaxia Sector, the 130-odd people from the Haotian Special Force, the 70-odd people from the Taiyi Special Force, and the 12 people from the Worldly Special Force.

It was said that the original number of participants in the Taiyi Special Force was very tight. There were only 50-odd people. However, the day before they participated in the battle, they suddenly released the conditions and formed two more combat teams.@@novelbin@@

On this foreign planet, all the Blue Star people were from the same hometown, and all the members of the Huaxia Sector were relatives from the same hometown.

At night, they chatted happily!

Occasionally, some sensitive information would be revealed.

For example, the Haotian Special Force had already occupied more than one mining area of the alien invader base. They had already begun to mine. They had tried to break through the energy protection shield of the alien invaders to no avail, but they were still trying.

This was because the benefits would be too great once he obtained the ore refinement center.

The transportation of raw ores and the transportation of refined metal ingots were two completely different levels.

Another example was the Taiyi Special Force. They had also occupied a ready-made mining area of the alien invaders. However, at the same time, they were helpless against the Mechanical Spirit Clan, who were hiding in the energy protection shield.

It could not be broken!

The battle teams did not occupy the mining area of the alien base. Instead, they discovered a mining area that was already being mined.

Although there were more people in the battle team, their overall strength was one to two levels weaker than the special force.

At night, they chatted happily in the Huaxia Sector’s communication channel.

However, Xu Tui was used to diving. He felt very happy to look at the chat messages of the others, see the constant screen, and occasionally discover some useful information.

For some reason, someone called Xu Tui in the Huaxia Sector’s communication channel. The person who called on Xu Tui was the vice-captain of the Haotian Special Force, the fat Sha Yue.

“Commander Xu Tui, I received information today that your Worldly Special Force has completely taken down an alien base?” Sha Yue called Xu Tui out.

The Huaxia Sector’s communication channel was instantly filled with cheers. All kinds of words of worship, celebration, and congratulations flooded the screen.

Any participant knew very well what this meant. Especially the ore refinement center, it could definitely increase the benefits of this space invasion by ten times.

However, the notification only lasted for 30 seconds before it showed that the commander of the Haotian Special Force, Ruan Da, had temporarily restricted their speaking rights. Only the commander and vice-commander could speak in the Huaxia Sector’s communication channel.

It could be considered a clearing of the screen and a temporary ban. Some people suddenly realized something. This did not seem like a celebration.

“Commander Xu Tui, can you answer this question?” Sha Yue called on Xu Tui again.

Xu Tui, who had been called out again after the screen was cleared, could already smell a hint of malice.

“Yes, we captured the alien invaders’ Base 14,” Xu Tui gave an affirmative answer.

“Commander Xu Tui, this is something worth celebrating. But why is it that the latest information I received is that you handed over all of the Base 14 that you had painstakingly taken down to the European Sector? Can you give me an affirmative answer?” Sha Yue asked.

“Yes, it was a deal!” Xu Tui answered clearly. There was nothing he could not admit after doing this.

“What kind of astronomical price would make Commander Xu Tui sell such an important strategic base?” There was a hint of mockery in Sha Yue’s tone.

Xu Tui was silent and did not answer. However, Sha Yue no longer needed Xu Tui’s answer.