Chapter 813 - 813 The New Discovery Of Tri Ling Ding (1)

813 The New Discovery of Tri Ling Ding (1)

400 kilometers east of Base 14, a bolt of lightning suddenly stopped. It was Lei Xiang that had failed to attack Base 14.

At this moment, Lei Xiang had a gloomy expression. The extremely low temperature and violent wind forced him to raise a lightning shield.

The giant silver-winged bird that had transformed from a Genetic Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit also stopped abruptly. The two leaders, Yin Suo and Bu Zheng, jumped to the side of Lei Xiang one after another.

There was still a trace of blood at the corner of Bu Zheng’s mouth. Clearly, he had been injured just now.

“The harsh environment will cause us harm in 30 minutes at most. Let’s find a place to dig and build a temporary camp.” The gloomy-looking Lei Xiang did not flare up, causing Yin Suo and Bu Zheng to heave a sigh of relief.

Yin Suo quickly instructed the two surviving Mechanical Spirit Genetic Transmutation Realm experts to find a suitable mountain wall nearby. Their arms transformed into a digging form and they quickly dug up the temporary camp.

The Mechanical Spirit Race was really omnipotent.

They could fight, defend as cannons, attack from afar, transport, and quickly convert into engineers. No wonder they became the most convenient vassals for the Spiritual Race. The only disadvantage was that their overall combat strength and intelligence were slightly lower than the Dissimilate Clan and the Fission Race.

In less than 15 minutes, a 10-meter-deep incremental cave was dug. Yin Suo moved a few boulders over and sealed the entrance.

Although it was not tightly sealed, it could block the strong winds. The entire situation was within their means. In the hole, Lei Xiang took out a fist-sized disc-like object with a dark expression.

In the middle of the disc was a pure-colored octagon with exquisite patterns. Then, Lei Xiang filled a hole in the disc with an Origin Crystal.

A second later, the disc first lit up with a faint light. There were a total of 12 points on the disc. Lei Xiang tapped on one of them. As the light flowed, the Origin Energy flowed into the octagonal-crystal body in the middle of the disc. The octagonal-crystal body lit up.

It could be seen that this was a special communication device.

Lei Xiang was quietly waiting for the connection to be connected.

The moment the octagonal-crystal body in the middle of the disc lit up, the voice of Tri Ling Ding suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s mind, who was cultivating in the cultivation hall of Base 12. “Boss, I suddenly made an interesting discovery. Do you want to know?”

“What discovery?”

“Boss, I’m so hardworking. Can you give me a reward?”

Xu Tui took out the lead alloy shield box and stuffed Tri Ling Ding into it. However, he did not close the box immediately. “After these few days, I feel that you are no longer useful to me. You are trash. I wanted to throw you into the shield box yesterday. I forgot. Today is perfect,” Xu Tui communicated expressionlessly.

Little thing, how can I not be able to deal with you!

“Don’t, don’t, don’t. Boss, I’m not trash. I’m useful. I’m very useful.” Tri Ling Ding became anxious. If it was really stuffed into the shield box, it would really have nothing to do with him now that the human race’s temporary communication tower had been established.

Putting everything else aside, it would be able to absorb a lot of Origin Energy even if it followed Xu Tui and cultivated in this cultivation hall.

“Boss, I’ve discovered a new intermediate life fluctuation of our Ling Clan’s multiplicator.” Tri Ling Ding did not dare to keep him in suspense and quickly said.@@novelbin@@

“Oh, intermediate-level colonies. They’re newly discovered. What do you mean? Do you mean that someone activated one of your intermediate-level colonies?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“No, Boss, it’s the mid-grade colonies of the other Ling of my Ling Clan. It’s not mine.”

These words made Xu Tui’s heart tremble. If one thought about it carefully, there was a lot of information behind it.

“How many original bodies of the Ling Clan have our Blue Star captured?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

The Primordial Body of the Ling Clan was a lifeform of the Ling Clan like Ling Ding, who could independently split into elementary, intermediate, and high-level clones.

Under normal circumstances, the elementary, intermediate, and high-level colonies that Ling Ding and the others split out could not reproduce on their own. They had spirits, but they were rather low-level.

Only when they took the initiative to split their original bodies, including their spirits, would they truly reproduce.

However, such situations were very, very rare.

Using humans as examples. If humans could reproduce, ordinary reproductions would be like reproducing limbs. However, there was basically no such thing as dividing consciousness and memories into two.

“I know! I’m the only one. Furthermore, under normal circumstances, I’m the only one. Our Ling Clan doesn’t have many original bodies,” Tri Ling Ding said.

From all the information that Xu Tui could find on the moon, it also showed that the Blue Star had only captured one Ling Clan lifeform.

Xu Tui’s mind raced. Under normal circumstances, only the Blue Star humans could hold the colonies of Tri Ling Ding, regardless of whether it was elementary, intermediate, or high-grade.

In that case, the people who held the other colonies of the Ling Clan were either alien invaders or… traitors!

“Location. Show me the relevant location as much as possible,” Xu Tui said.

This time, Tri Ling Ding did not waste any time. If it dared to say anything during the actual execution of the order, Xu Tui would definitely detonate the energy in its body.

Although Xu Tui had not given him any Origin Crystals over the past few days, it could still absorb a portion of the Origin Crystals when it was outside, especially when it was cultivating in the cultivation hall.

Over the past few days, it had a stock of energy equivalent to a few grams of Origin Crystals. If it did not serve Xu Tui well and was detonated by Xu Tui, it would have suffered a huge loss.

“Boss, here.”