Chapter 816 - 816 One-Stop Service (1)

816 One-stop Service (1)

At Base 14, the three regiment commanders of the European Sector, the regiment commander of the battle team of European Sector, Clade, the regiment commander of the Apollo Special Forces, and the regiment commander of the Titan Special Forces, Maxis, stood side by side in a hall.

Their fair faces were terrifyingly dark.

There were 47 corpses neatly placed in front of them. These were not all the casualties. There were still 12 elites. Some of them only had their combat uniforms left, while others were gone. Most of them had been melted by the lightning plasma thrown by Lei Xiang when they were chasing after them.

In one battle, they had lost 59 people!

!!

It had to be known that in this space invasion battle, including the 300 participants in the battle team of the European Sector and the participants of the three special forces, there were only more than 520 participants.

Fifty-nine people had died in this battle. The losses had exceeded 10%, reaching 11.4%.

In the past, the losses in the European Sector had been maintained below 10% under most circumstances.

However, this time, so many people had died in battle after only ten days. Including the three people who had disappeared during the gathering process, the casualties had reached 12%.

It was a very high number! Moreover, this was under the blessing of the Goddess of Luck.

After the battle, Clade and the others discovered that the 37 members, including 30 open and hidden sentries, were all unconscious and gathered together.

This made Clade break out in a cold sweat.

These enemies had knocked out these 37 people. They should want to capture them alive. Fortunately, they wanted to capture them alive. If they had attacked directly from the start, more than a hundred people would have died in battle!@@novelbin@@

In that case, the casualties would be too terrifying!

At this moment, Clade could only rejoice. Although the 11.4% loss was high, it was still within the acceptable range.

“If… If I had been more vigilant, if I had not suspected Xu Tui and triggered the warning alarm a minute before, I might have…” Looking at the corpses of his comrades, Maxis’s eyes turned red. He blamed himself.

“There are no ifs,” Clade muttered, “However, you don’t have to blame yourself, Maxis. If it weren’t for you today, our losses would have been even greater.”

“Commander, do you think this base might have been a conspiracy from the beginning?” Gerning suddenly said.

“What do you mean?” Maxis was confused.

“Don’t you think that we got this base too smoothly? 1,600 grams of Origin Crystals is actually a cheap price! The metal ingots that this ore refinement center is producing for us now exceed 300 a day. As we collect more and more fully automatic engineering robots, the production will increase. We could obtain more than 300 grams of Origin Crystals a day.

“But they sold it to us easily with 1,600 grams. Do the people of the Worldly Special Force know that this place will be ambushed by the enemy?” Gerning asked suspiciously.

Clade shook his head. “That’s possible! Moreover, Base 14 is the first alien strategic base to be invaded. If the alien invaders want to take revenge, Base 14 is the first target. It’s normal for them to take revenge.

“We had expected this. However, the enemy’s strength had completely exceeded our expectations. Nine powerful Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. That Lei Xiang seems to be able to unleash the combat strength of a quasi-planetary powerhouse.” Clade sighed.

Gernng also let out a long sigh. There was nothing wrong with nitpicking in this aspect. They had forced Xu Tui to trade the base. Could they say that Xu Tui had tricked them? They were the ones who jumped into the pit!

“Alright, don’t rest tonight. Calm the members down and shrink the defensive range. Reestablish a new defensive circle to prevent them from being ambushed again.” So many people had died in battle. The emotions of the soldiers were affected. At this point, Clade let out a long sigh. “We must not lose our strength again!”

…

“Paywall?”

“At least 15 Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Cards for quasi-planetary-level powerhouses?”

“Of course, otherwise, how could they have repelled and killed three people under the sneak attack of nine Genetic Transmutation Realm experts?

“It had to be known that the leader, Lei Xiang, was at least at the peak of the Genetic Transmutation Realm. He might even have the strength of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse!

“If this Lei Xiang can really unleash the power of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse at any time, he will be almost invincible on this planet.”

The surprise attack on Base 14 shocked all the special forces of the six alliances. The various alliances had the strength to deal with one or two or even three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

However, under normal circumstances, nine of them were a force that could sweep through all the participants.

The only way to deal with them was to spend money!

This was also the reason why genetic nouveau riches had the right to command and speak in the space invasion. To the Genetic Nouveau Riches, the Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Card that others could not obtain even if they spent all their money was just a gift from their elders.

Of course, the production of every Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Card, whether it was a Planetary realm or a quasi Planetary realm powerhouse, required a large amount of power and time.

“Xu Tui, although it is impossible for Lei Xiang’s team to launch a surprise attack on Base 12 in a short period of time, we have to be on guard. You have to be on high alert. My main force will march at high speed tomorrow and try to arrive tomorrow evening,” Zhu Lang reminded.

Xu Tui handed over the defense matters to Li Zhen. The people from the Worldly Special Force were all cultivating before Zhu Lang arrived with the main force of the battle team.