Chapter 815 - 815 The New Discovery Of Tri Ling Ding (3)

815 The New Discovery of Tri Ling Ding (3)

“Yin Zhou, you actually dare to harm us?” The moment the call went through, Lei Xiang exploded. The depression and anger from a night of surprise attacks erupted at this moment.@@novelbin@@

On the other side, Yin Zhou was stunned. This accusation was too serious, especially since Lei Xiang was from the Spiritual Race and was also a close relative of the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian.

“Lord Lei Xiang, how is that possible! I can trick anyone but you. I still hope that you will win. The transport team that I sent to transport the captives is ready,” Yin Zhou quickly explained.

“Information. The information you gave us is completely wrong! According to your information, there are only a dozen powerful enemies in Base 14. But during the surprise attack we launched just now, there were hundreds of them. From our rough observation, the number of invaders in Base 14 is definitely more than 500! Why did this happen?” Lei Xiang questioned.

!!

In the Base 1, Yin Zhou blinked. Then, he said with extreme difficulty, “Lord Lei Xiang… Our information is from a few days ago. Furthermore, the military situation would change every day, every hour. Sir, you couldn’t possibly didn’t do any reconnaissance before you… you…”

If it was his subordinate, Yin Zhou would definitely curse at him. However, he did not dare to do so in front of Lei Xiang.

“Who said we didn’t do reconnaissance? Are we that stupid? Our outer reconnaissance discovered that the number of enemies might not be less than 200! However, all of them are enemies below the Genetic Transmutation Realm. There are not many people at the Genetic Evolution Realm. They are not an effective threat to my surprise attack team, so we launched a surprise attack,” Lei Xiang said.

“That’s right.” Yin Zhou from Base 1 nodded vigorously. “Lord Lei Xiang, with your strength, not to mention 200 people, even 500 people would not be able to effectively threaten you. Even if you can’t take it down, there won’t be a problem for you to evacuate successfully!”

“Yes, but f*ck, more than a dozen of these 500 people directly threw out Origin Crystal Ability Sealing Cards. There were a total of 17. Sixteen of them were Origin Crystal ability seal cards from the quasi-planetary-level powerhouses, and one was even an Origin Crystal ability seal card from planetary-level powerhouses.

“The power of this ability seal card has been reduced by one level. This was equivalent to attacking a base that had a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse and 16 Genetic Transmutation Realm powerhouses.

“How do you do intelligence work? I have to suspect that you are deliberately harming us,” Lei Xiang shouted.

“No, Lord Lei Xiang, I definitely didn’t have that intention. Even if you don’t have that intention, the failure of this surprise attack is because there was a problem with your information.”

After chatting for a long time, Lei Xiang finally revealed his true goal. He wanted Yin Zhou to take the blame for this matter. At the very least, it would reduce his responsibility.

Yin Zhou could only sigh helplessly. So be it. He would not be afraid if there were too many blames.

“Next, I want you to provide us with the most accurate information. Otherwise, I’ll directly complain to you at the forward operating base!” Lei Xiang shouted.

“This…” Yin Zhou was in a difficult position. How could it be so easy to obtain accurate information about the Blue Star invaders? Suddenly, Yin Zhou thought of something. “Lord Lei Xiang, you can contact that person from the Blue Star. If you give him some trash technology, he might be able to exchange it for all the information about the Blue Star invaders!”

When Yin Zhou said that, Lei Xiang suddenly slapped his forehead. He had almost forgotten about this. Before he came, Commander Lei Tian had specially mentioned this to him and gave him the authority to act according to the situation.

However, after he arrived, he thought about how Commander Lei Tian had instructed him to capture more of the Spiritual Embodiments and make a contribution, so he ignored this point. After all, not only would he obtain a large amount of contribution, but he would also obtain a large amount of wealth.

“Then contact them immediately. We need to obtain accurate information about the Blue Star invaders as soon as possible so that we can attack them one by one. How long will it take to contact him?” Lei Xiang said.

“Don’t worry, Lord Lei Xiang. I’ll contact him immediately. If it’s fast, we’ll be able to contact him in a day and a half,” Yin Zhou said.

After hanging up, Lei Xiang dug out the Origin Crystal on the communication disc and instructed, “Take turns to rest and recover.”

At the same time, in the cultivation hall of Base 12, Tri Ling Ding suddenly said, “Boss, the other Ling’s number one colony is dormant.”