Chapter 811 - 811 Ambush And Money Counterattack (1)

811 Ambush and Money Counterattack (1)

The image sent by Ah Huang was extremely blurry.

Firstly, it was because of the secret. This bionic observation post was quite far away from Base 14. Secondly, it was because of the signal transmission problem of the temporary communication tower.

However, the few tall figures in the blurry image instantly made Xu Tui’s heart tighten.

Counterattack!

!!

The Mechanical Spirit Race’s counterattack was here! There were only six figures in the blurry image.

This made Xu Tui’s heart skip another beat.

Currently, there were at least 300 to 400 people stationed at Base 14 in the European Sector. Actually, they were not afraid of numbers, but of fewer people. If there were too many alien invaders counterattacking, it meant that the strength of the counterattack team was not high. They had to rely on numbers to make up for it.

If there were very few people counterattacking, it meant that the strength of the counterattack team was very strong. It was very likely that all of them were Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

“Ah Huang, how long ago did you discover it?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

“What I received was an image from thirty seconds ago. It should have been sixty-seven seconds since then.”

“There’s still time.”

Time was too tight. Xu Tui did not have any contact with the European Sector. The only way to contact them was through the public communication channel for all the participants of the six alliances established by the temporary communication tower.@@novelbin@@

Fortunately, everyone could see that there was not much information on this public communication channel.

Xu Tui immediately called the commander of the European Sector’s battle team, Clade, the commander of the Apollo Special Force, Gerning, and the commander of the Titan Special Force, Maxis. He hoped that they would see it immediately.

“Commander Clade, the electronic reconnaissance equipment we set up around Base 14 suddenly observed at least six alien warriors approaching Base 14. Please be vigilant and be careful of surprise attacks!”

Xu Tui repeated the same content three times. He was still worried, so he immediately contacted Zhu Lang.

“Commander Zhu, please immediately remind the European Sector participants that there might be an enemy surprise attack. There might be an enemy surprise attack! It’s urgent!” At the same time, Xu Tui sent the blurry video to Zhu Lang.

Xu Tui looked at the public channel anxiously. Unfortunately, even though he had called Clade and the others, no one replied to him after 30 seconds.

To be honest, Xu Tui would not be sad if a few of these people from the European Sector died in battle or even suffered heavy losses. However, Xu Tui would definitely stand with the European Sector between the European Sector and the alien invaders.

Xu Tui could not remain silent as he watched the members of the European Sector being slaughtered by the alien invaders.

This was his bottom line!

“Xu Tui, did you leave a device near Base 14 to monitor us?” Someone finally responded in the public channel. It was the commander of the Titan Special Force, Maxis.

He had replied, but the direction of the response was off. He was not considering Xu Tui’s warning. Instead, he was considering the fact that Xu Tui was monitoring them.

Damn!

“You idiot, I suggest that you sound the battle alarm immediately!” Xu Tui roared.

“Shut up. You’re the idiot!” Maxis retaliated on the public channel without holding back. “Our vigilance defense system is three-dimensional and deep. We can detect any movement immediately. Enemies? Up until now, we have not discovered any enemies!”

Xu Tui’s depression was indescribable.

The cultivation hall of Base 14 had been used as the command hall of the European Sector. The main commanders were the elites, and the important genetic nouveau riche were all in the command hall.

This was because there was energy gushing out at night in this command hall. The concentration was not low and could be used for cultivation.

The concentration of energy was not high to begin with. With more people, there would be no cultivation effect. Therefore, this place became a place for the higher-ups of the European Sector to command and rest.

At this moment, Maxis’ angry scolding successfully attracted the attention of the other members in the cultivation hall, including Clade, Gerning, and the others.

“This Xu Tui shouldn’t be crazy, and he doesn’t look like a boring person.” Clade, the commander of the battle group, frowned. “Maxis, you’re on duty today. Go and patrol the sentry post again. Get them to be more vigilant.”

“Three minutes ago, I just returned from checking the posts. All of them are normal. I even gave them snacks!” Maxis was very dissatisfied. Just three minutes ago, he had seriously inspected all the sentry posts.

Xu Tui’s public shout just now was an insult to him. This was why he was angry.

“This Xu Tui shouldn’t be fooling around with us on the public channel. Let’s confirm it again.” This time, it was the commander of the Apollo Special Combat Forces, Gerning.

“Maxis, verify the post remotely,” Clade added when he saw how reluctant he was.

“Commander, I’ll organize a reserve team tonight in case anything happens.” Gerning was still very vigilant.

“Okay!” Clade agreed without thinking. “Then organize it. Organize a reserve team every day from now on to strengthen nightly vigilance!”

At this moment, Clade suddenly received a private message from Zhu Lang and a very blurry video. With just a glance, Clade froze and stood up.

“There might really be a situation. Gerning, bring the first and second teams of your regiment to patrol with me. Pass down the order. The first and second special forces of the battle team follow me for an emergency patrol! Orders, everyone…”

Before Clade could finish his sentence, he saw that the expression on Maxis’s face, who was conducting a long-range check, had suddenly become abnormal.