Chapter 818 - 818 Borrow Old Cui For Two Days (1)

818 Borrow Old Cui for Two Days (1)

On the morning of the 19th day of the space invasion, Xu Tui left with the 11 members of the Worldly Special Force on three triangular flying saucers assembled by fully automatic engineering robots.

Their whereabouts were unknown.

Xu Tui did not even tell Zhu Lang and Li Zhen his next target or destination. It was not that he did not trust them, but he did not need them.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen did not ask when they sent the Worldly Special Force away. Most of the members of the Huaxia Sector who were stationed at Base 12 did not even know about the departure of the Worldly Special Force.

!!

The bait tactic that Xu Tui had publicly announced on the Huaxia Sector’s communication channel had been used by the America Sector and the Russian Federation in an extremely short period of time. This meant that the situation was more complicated.

Too many people knew about it and it was impossible to investigate. Therefore, he could not suspect any participant from the Huaxia Sector, but he had to be wary.

After leaving Base 12, Xu Tui led the Worldly Special Force and turned several times along the way. In the evening, they arrived at the edge of a forest.

The forest was a veritable blue forest. This was a tree species unique to the Extreme Wind Resource Planet. It was resistant to drought and ultra-low temperatures. Its roots were extremely developed.

The trees themselves were also a very valuable material. Unfortunately, they could not establish a fixed teleportation channel with the moon. Otherwise, this blue tree would definitely have immense economic value.

“Dig and build a temporary shelter here.”

Soon, they chose a location. It was a naturally shady slope five kilometers into the forest. More than ten days was enough for the humans of the Blue Star to make a preliminary judgment on the resource planet.

For example, the best shelter was a cave or a wall hole. However, everything below a meter was frozen soil. It could not be dug out without mechanical power.

Another example was the air composition of the resource planet. It had been tested and did not find any obvious harmful composition. However, it could be used to produce oxygen and replenish the compressed oxygen bag.

There were dozens of unknown microorganisms in the air that could not be studied at the moment.

The conclusion given by the researchers in charge of the research of the various battle teams was that they should not breathe the air here unless it was urgent.@@novelbin@@

Cultivators at a higher level of the Genetic Evolution Realm could try to breathe directly. Although the body’s immune and adaptive system brought about by a higher level of evolution could avoid most of the harm, it was not recommended unless it was a critical moment.

The surface water here could only be used after it was treated.

This was the only good news.

This was especially so for the beauties of the Worldly Special Force. The most they planned to do during their breaks every day was to build a bath facility on the Resource Planet Number Seven.

During the 19 days of high-intensity combat training, they were always wearing their combat uniforms. Even though the combat uniforms had a certain circulation and cleansing function, they had begun to despise themselves after a long time.

A beauty was still a beauty, but she was definitely not fragrant anymore!

Luo Murong was equally anxious. From time to time, he would go over to ask about the progress of Li Zheng, Mu Xingluan, and the others’ plans. He would even participate in their opinions.

As for men like Xu Tui, Cui Xi, and Zhao Hailong, other than the fact that they were not used to it in the first few days, they have completely adapted to it now.

Smell? There was a saying that was true for them now, getting used to the stink.

On the map, this blue primitive forest covered an extremely large area. If this was the Blue Star, it would be a natural hunting holy land. Unfortunately, the extremely low temperature and strong winds at night completely eliminated this possibility.

From the map, this area of blue was primitive and dense. The east and west sides were 1,000 kilometers wide. Coincidentally, at the east end of the forest was Base 9 of the alien invaders. Not far from the west end of the forest was Base 10 of the alien invaders.

Xu Tui and the others were at the west end of the forest.

Their target was Base 10.

Originally, the closest to Base 12 were Base 11 and Base 16. However, Xu Tui chose Base 10, which was even further away.

The reason was very simple. Over the past few days, Xu Tui had discovered through Tri Ling Ding that the second of the two colonies used by Lei Xiang to contact the others was fixed at the main base.

The location of the first colony was at Base 15 for the next few days. It did not move.

There were two possibilities.

Among the six Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, several of them were injured, even seriously injured. So they should be recuperating. This was completely in line with the situation of the battle at that time as the European Sector had spent about 15 Origin Crystal ability seal cards at once.

The second possibility was that they were waiting for further reinforcements.

No matter what the possibility was, Xu Tui did not want to get too close to Lei Xiang and the others, especially now.

No matter what the situation was, they would have to pay a huge price if they encountered the assault team of Lei Xiang. It was very likely that someone would die in battle.

Xu Tui would have a better strategic maneuver if he stayed away.

Xu Tui guessed that Lei Xiang and the others probably did not know that he could determine their location through the colonies that they used to communicate with.

This was Xu Tui’s current advantage.

It was the same old routine to set up camp near Base 10. The members of the Worldly Special Force trained with all their might. Xu Tui and Yan Lie quietly approached the reconnaissance during their training at Base 10.

The only problem was that the terrain of Base 10 was relatively open. Xu Tui had to scout further.