Chapter 814 - 814 The New Discovery Of Tri Ling Ding (2)

814 The New Discovery of Tri Ling Ding (2)

Tri Ling Ding did not care about the consumption and enlarged its surface to the maximum. However, in reality, it was still very small.

With this reference, he could only determine the general location.

“Boss, because it’s not my own colonial body, this position is not too accurate. There is a certain margin of error,” Tri Ling Ding added.

“By the way, if there are other Ling Clan lifeforms or even colonies on this planet, will it be able to discover you?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s impossible for the colonies to discover my existence. If there are other primordial bodies in our race, they might be able to discover me. Of course, it also depends on the situation. For example, if I completely release the life fluctuation aura of our Ling Clan. If I were to contract my aura, they wouldn’t be able to discover it,” Tri Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui carefully observed the changes in the light spots on the surface of Tri Ling Ding. He frowned slightly as he observed.

Actually, Tri Ling Ding was still very useful.

Over the past few days, Xu Tui had been watching the movement of the colonies of Tri Ling Ding every morning and night. He could roughly determine the movements of the other special forces.

The intermediate colonies that Tri Ling Ding had just discovered was actually near Base 14. The spots of light from the hundreds of colonies of Tri Ling Ding gathered in a group at Base 14. They were exceptionally eye-catching.

The intermediate colonies of the other Ling were not far from the current Base 12.

And this had suddenly appeared? Could it be?

“Can intermediate colonies of your Ling Clan communicate remotely?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“It’s possible between the primordial body and the intermediate colony, but it’s more difficult between the intermediate colony and the intermediate colony. It’s said that it’s also possible to use certain methods…”

Before it could finish its sentence, Tri Ling Ding suddenly said in shock, “Boss, I found another intermediate colony of the other Ling. It should be quite far away.”

Tri Ling Ding directly marked a spot of light on the surface. This light spot was clearly very far from Base 14. According to the basic scale, this distance might be tens of thousands of kilometers away.

“Are these two newly discovered intermediate colonies from the same Ling?”

“Yes, Boss. They are intermediate colonies of the same Ling.”

“Ah Huang, open the map of the resource planet.”

Xu Tui used the electronic map to compare the location of the intermediate colony of the other Ling that Tri Ling Ding had marked. Suddenly, his gaze shifted.

According to the general location, the location of the second colony of the other Ling was most likely the location of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s main base here. Coupled with the previous incident and the sudden appearance of the other Ling, Xu Tui came to a bold conclusion.

This first colony of the other Ling was most likely the counterattack team of the alien invaders. Was it communicating with their main base after losing?

Were they asking for help? Or were they doing something?

That’s right. Although it had only been less than half an hour since Lei Xiangt’s team attacked Base 14, the news of the failed raid had already spread through the public channel in the temporary communication tower.

The latest battle record was that the elites of the European Sector had killed three alien invaders at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. Six other Genetic Transmutation Realm experts had been severely injured.

Of course, the European Sector also suffered heavy losses. However, the losses had not been revealed. The higher-ups of the battle groups in the various sectors were still in emergency contact.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui had every reason to make such a judgment.

Nine Genetic Transmutation Realm experts!

This was definitely a counterattack sent by the commander-in-chief of the alien invaders, Lei Tian. They were really very strong.

Xu Tui was very curious about how the European Sector had forced them to retreat.

Xu Tui only had one choice if the Worldly Special Force were to be ambushed by the nine Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. He would have to spend money to save his life and use the Origin Crystal ability seal card that Cai Shaochu and his two teachers had given him.

Whether or not he could bring all of them out alive depended on his luck.

At the thought of this, a bold thought suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. Should he counterattack? If he knew the location of these people, could he destroy them with an elite team?

However, this thought was fleeting.

It was basically impossible.

In the Worldly Special Force, only Xu Tui and Zhao Hailong had the ability to fight Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, Yang Huai and Luo Murong could fight them if they cooperated with each other.

Although there were many people in the Huaxia Sector’s battle team, there were not many top-notch combatants. They could at most gather three to five elites at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. Their strength was far from enough. They need at least 12 people.@@novelbin@@

If the people from the Haotian Special Force and the Taiyi Special Force were here, there would really be a possibility of counterattack if they gathered five to six geniuses.

But not now.

Moreover, it was late at night and they could not move.

However, even if he could not counterattack for the time being, the life information of the number one colony that Tri Ling Ding had discovered was extremely important.

To a certain extent, they could observe the movements of this counterattack team.

“Tri Ling Ding, can you observe the life information of the colony of the other Ling for a long time?” Xu Tui asked.

“As long as they don’t fall into hibernation, I can sense it. If they fall into hibernation, there’s nothing I can do. Of course, if the distance is enough, I can sense them even if they fall into hibernation,” Tri Ling Ding said.

“How close is it?”

“A hundred kilometers depends on luck. I can definitely sense it at 50 kilometers.”

…

In the cave, Lei Xiang was on the phone with Yin Zhou, the commander-in-chief of Base 1.