Chapter 817 - 817 One-Stop Service (2)

817 One-stop Service (2)

As for being ambushed by Lei Xiang’s team?

Xu Tui felt that the probability was very low.

According to the location determined by Tri Ling Ding, it would take Lei Xiang’s team at least a day to reach Base 12. Moreover, at noon on the 15th day of the battle, Tri Ling Ding reported the location of Lei Xiang and the others.

More accurately, it was reporting the life aura of the other Ling’s colony.

They were even further away from Base 12. The general direction was towards Base 15. It was very likely that they had gone to seat 15 to rest.

The warriors of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team cheered when they arrived at Base 12. This was the first time they had entered a house-like building in half a month. There were no tents or caves that could replace houses to give humans a sense of security.

Xu Tui handed the entire Base 12 over to Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, including the cultivation hall. However, before Xu Tui and the others left Base 12, the cultivation hall still belonged to the Worldly Special Force.

“Up until now, Base 12 has accumulated a total of 1,480 metal ingots. I’ll count the output and round it up to 1,500. I’ll register all of these. At that time, as long as you can successfully transport it back to the moon, your Worldly Special Force will be able to obtain at least 1,500 grams of Origin Crystals,” Zhu Lang explained as he spoke. The combat staff also kept recording and making various backups. Even if they wanted to hand it over, they had to account for the spoils.

“Including the 400 Mechanical Spirit Alloy Ingots that were melted after the 300 Mechanical Spirit corpses you killed, I’ll leave them all here for the record. Leave the transfer to us. Other than that, since we’ve taken the base that you’ve painstakingly taken down, we can’t monopolize the profits. From now until the end, no matter what level the profits of Base 12 reach, 20% of the profits belong to your Worldly Special Force,” Zhu Lang said.

“This… Commander Zhu, if you have more Origin Crystals, you can give us more Origin Crystals now. We’ll just get 10% of the total profits of Base 12,” Xu Tui suggested.

“Don’t be anxious.” Zhu Lang laughed. “Old Li and I have already thought of this. Our Huaxia Sector will definitely not cheat our own people. You must have paid a heavy price to take down Base 12.

“Therefore, we prepared 1,200 grams of Origin Crystals for you. Although it can’t compare to the price you sold to the European Sector, it can be considered a token of our appreciation. Don’t refuse! Other than the 1,200 grams of Origin Crystals, you will also receive 20% of the total profits of Base 12,” Zhu Lang said.

“Then I won’t stand on ceremony.” Xu Tui did not refuse at all. Zhu Lang and Li Zhen laughed when they saw how greedy he was. “However, Commanders, I’ll say it again. If you have excess Origin Crystals, I’m willing to use 10% of the total future profits of Base 12 to exchange for 1,200 grams of Origin Crystals.@@novelbin@@

“If something happens to Base 12 midway and the profits are interrupted, we will make up for the losses,” Xu Tui said again.

“Are you that short of Origin Crystals? You’ve gained a lot from this space invasion.” Zhu Lang frowned.

“To be precise, everyone in the Worldly Special Force is short of Origin Crystals. We have used up all our previous gains,” Xu Tui said.

“All used up? You can’t even finish 1,000 to 2,000 Origin Crystals, right?” Zhu Lang was stunned.

“Cultivate!”

These two words shocked Zhu Lang and Li Zhen. This kind of large-scale cultivation consumption was rare.

To be honest, in half a month, the average consumption of the members of the Worldly Special Force was 150 grams of Origin Crystals. This cultivation consumption was not even as expensive as a genetic nouveau riche!

“Do you still want to attack the alien strategic base?” Li Zhen asked.

They had already taken down Base 12 but the Worldly Special Force still gave out the base. Their intentions were obvious.

“Yes!”

Xu Tui’s affirmative answer made Zhu Lang nod. “Sure! However, I have to tell you that you don’t have to regret it when the time comes. From the looks of it, we only have to hold on to Base 12 until the end and let the ore refinement center operate at full capacity. At that time, 10% of the total profits will far exceed 1,200 grams.”

“I won’t!” Xu Tui smiled. “What I’m worried about now is if it will affect you after you take out so many Origin Crystals.”

Hearing this, Zhu Lang and Li Zhen looked at each other. After nodding slightly, Zhu Lang said, “Indeed, after giving you so much, the total number of Origin Crystals we brought is a little tight. However, it can be supplemented.”

“It can be supplemented?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“That’s right. We have a special set of agreed-upon contact details with the Moon. Of course, it’s only limited to the areas we agreed on in advance. It will be completed by a special set of props. It will be replenished in two to three days. You don’t have to worry about that,” Zhu Lang said.

“That’s good!” Xu Tui stood up. “In the next one to two days, you have to hurry up and establish a full-scale defense line. It’s best if you can set up a sentry post in the wilderness. We have to leave after your defense line is complete.”

“Don’t worry.”

After saying that, Xu Tui was about to leave when Li Zhen stopped him. “Here, this is another portion of Origin Crystal that belongs to you. It’s a total of 110 grams.”

“This is?” Xu Tui could not react in time.

“For selling the map. Didn’t you set the price? 100 grams for Haotian and 10 grams for Taiyi.” Li Zhen smiled.

Xu Tui could not help but laugh. He had really sold it. Since they sold it, Xu Tui will kindly accept it. Xu Tui did not mind having more Origin Crystals.

“By the way, the two special forces of the Russian Federation and the Africa Sector have the intention to buy a map. Are you selling it?” Li Zhen asked.

“Yes, why not? Do the other sectors have any intention of buying it?”

“Definitely, as long as you’re willing to sell it!” Li Zhen smiled.

“Then help me sell it. When we return to the Moon, I’ll treat you to a feast and good wine!”

“You miser, you only treat us to meals and drinks!” Zhu Lang scolded jokingly.

“Then I’ll invite you guys to a one-stop service. I wonder if there are any on the moon?”

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen were stunned. They kicked toward Xu Tui, but they missed. “Kid, you lured me into a mistake. You have ill intentions!”

…

As Xu Tui placed 2,510 grams of Origin Crystals on the ground in the cultivation hall, the eyes of the members of the Worldly Special Force widened.

Damn it, could the regiment commander make Origin Crystals out of thin air? He had gone out for a round and obtained so many Origin Crystals. Was this a trick? He got more Origin Crystals every time.

Xu Tui briefly explained the source of the Origin Crystals. “According to the previous rules, as the main executor, I will take two portions. You guys will take one.

“Come, each of you will take 210 grams, and I’ll take 410 grams. Do you have any objections?”

With so many Origin Crystals, who could have any objections? There were no special forces that had split Origin Crystals like the Worldly Special Force. Good lord, it had only been half a month, but he had already received almost 400 grams of Origin Crystals.

“Same rules. Consume it in the shortest time possible and convert it into strength. When the time comes, I’ll check the progress. We’ll be happy to help anyone who can’t use it all!”

Amidst the laughter, all the members of the Worldly Special Force were immersed in their cultivation.