Chapter 819 - 819 Borrow Old Cui For Two Days (2)

819 Borrow Old Cui for Two Days (2)

In order to increase the effect of spiritual resonance and hypnosis, he used the mind power enhancement necklace.

In two days, Xu Tui and Yan Lie went on three reconnaissance trips. They were almost done with their preparations. The preliminary hypnosis and spiritual resonance of the Mechanical Spirits had been completed.

On the morning of the 22nd day of the space invasion, Xu Tui led a group of members of the Worldly Special Force to launch a surprise attack on Base 10.

It was still a bait tactic!

!!

The bait was still the charming and burly Old Cui!

During the surprise attack, an extremely demonic scene happened again.

Cui Xi jumped over. The mechanical spirits on duty during the humanoid training charged out of the energy protection barrier as if they were possessed.

This scene shocked and confused even the other members of the Worldly Special Force.

Was Old Cui that alluring to Mechanical Spirits? Was he that demonic?

What happened next was very simple.

The sudden battle caused chaos to the humanoid lives that were training. The first reaction of the commander of Base 10 was no different from that of the commander of Base 12. It was to gather those humanoid lives first.

However, because the terrain of Base 10 was relatively empty, it took the other members nearly two more seconds to reach the energy barrier. As a result, the commander of Base 10 had the time to order the access card to be turned off. In the end, only nine people charged into the energy protective shield.

Li Zheng and Mu Xingluan were a step slower and did not charge in. However, this did not affect their participation in the battle.

Five minutes later, the battle ended without any suspense.

This time, Yan Lie, who was the fastest to hold back the Genetic Transmutation Realm commander, was not even injured.

Yan Lie, who had continuously fought Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, had made great improvements in his strength over the past few days. His tactics had also become more agile, and he had completed his mission even more outstandingly.

What happened next was logical.@@novelbin@@

However, compared to capturing Base 12, the speed of capturing Base 10 was actually still a little slower. None of the humanoid lives were saved. Not long after the battle began, all of them were brain-dead.

In reality, Xu Tui had no way of saving them.

The collar worn by the Spiritual Embodiments was almost unsolvable. If it was not destroyed, the humanoid lifeforms would be brain-dead and destroyed. Whether it was destroying the collar or the special pipe equipment, the heads of the humanoid lifeforms would all explode.

There was no solution!

It was also because of this that the many spoils of war were no longer as good.

They had seized a little more than Base 12.

The corpses of nearly 300 Mechanical Spirits, other than those of the Genetic Transmutation Realm commander, were all thrown into the ore refinement center, turning into about 400 standard Mechanical Spirit Alloy Ingots.

There were 1,600 metal ingots refined from other ores.

According to the data Ah Huang had obtained from the command center of Base 10, the reason why there were so many metal ingots was that Base 10 had recently received orders from Base 1 to retract their defenses and reduce their outings.

Even the transport team had temporarily stopped.

The number of Origin Crystals he plundered was not much. It was only 259 grams, which was a considerable income.

As for establishing a defense and clearing out the possible dangers, it was a familiar task.

As for the data center in the command hall, Ah Huang still could not take over. He could only destroy it after obtaining a portion of the rights.

Up until now, Xu Tui had nine of the next-generation quantum chips that Ah Huang needed.

“As usual, I don’t have to waste my breath on contribution. I was the one who did the commander of the Genetic Transmutation Realm and the preparatory work. I’ll take three portions of the Origin Crystals seized from the battle. Each of you will get one.

“Each of you will get 20 grams, and I’ll get 59 grams. It was the same as before. You have to use it up quickly, including those that you had not used up when you were at Base 10. You have to not save any and increase your strength as soon as possible. There are plenty of opportunities for those who want to save up.”

The loot-sharing meeting went very smoothly. Although there were not many of them, the members of the Worldly Special Force were very happy.

According to the degree of continuous seizure, they were going to get rich in this space invasion!

At night, while the others were cultivating, Xu Tui contacted Li Shihua, the commander of the Taiyi Special Force. “Do you want the alien strategic base?”

“Didn’t you give the captured base to Commander Zhu and the others?” Li Shihua was a little puzzled.

“Think about it again?”

After being stunned for a few seconds, Li Shihua suddenly froze. “You… You’re not going to tell me that you took down another alien strategic base?”

“What do you think?”

“Yes, yes, of course! However, this matter is more important. I’ll pull the other vice-captain in and talk with him.” Li Shihua pulled in Dai Yizhou, the vice-captain of the Taiyi Special Force.

“Actually, it’s not complicated at all! I’ll give you a friendly price of 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals. This strategic base is yours. Other than that, from the time the transaction is completed to the day you return, 20% of your total profits will be split with our Worldly Special Force,” Xu Tui stated his conditions directly.

Li Shihua, the commander of the Taiyi Special Forces, did not say anything, but Dai Yizhou said, “Commander Xu, let me mention something. You only sold your previous Base 14 to the European Sector for 1,600 grams of Origin Crystals, right? Why did you sell it to us for 2,000 grams and want 20% of the profits? Why is the price of our own people so high?”

Xu Tui was silent for a moment when he heard that. He did not say anything. He brought Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, and the other vice-captains out of the communication channel.

In a temporary shelter in the wilderness, Li Shihua frowned when he saw the connection suddenly cut off. He looked at Dai Yizhou coldly.