Chapter 810 - 810 The Mystery Of Cui Xi’S Charm (2)

810 The Mystery of Cui Xi’s Charm (2)

“Can you explain?” His simple tone was calm, but anyone could tell that there was anger in his tone.

What he wanted was not instructions, but an explanation! At the same time that Xu Tui was pulled in, Jian Dan, Ruan Da, Dai Yizhou, and the others uploaded four consecutive videos. They were all videos of their failed bait plan.

“I’ve reminded you before that because of the loss of Base 14, the Mechanical Spirit Race will definitely strengthen their defenses. From the looks of it, the various bases might have received orders to defend to the death,” Xu Tui said.

“Is that all?” Jian Dan’s tone was still dissatisfied.

!!

“Tactics have to be learned and used creatively! The key is to obtain the pass from the Mechanical Spirit and rush into the energy protection barrier of the base. You can’t force it,” Xu Tui said.

“Are you criticizing us?” Jian Dan’s tone was a little harsh. As a descendant of a Planetary realm powerhouse and a powerful individual, he had the right to be proud. Most importantly, they felt that they had been fooled by Xu Tui’s bait tactic.

That was why he asked Xu Tui. However, this question brought with it emotions, causing the conversation to become a question.

Xu Tui could naturally hear the displeasure in their voices, but he would not spoil them.

“As I said, tactics have to be learned and used creatively. You can’t use a hard set. Watch our battle videos.” As he spoke, Xu Tui uploaded two battle videos. They were all videos of Cui Xi being used as bait to lure the enemy out.

As soon as the video was uploaded, everyone fell silent!@@novelbin@@

The two different bait plans had both succeeded. The enemy had been lured out.

However, in the next moment, Ruan Da exclaimed, “Two? You took down another alien strategic base?”

“Yes!”

Xu Tui’s affirmative answer caused the communication channel to fall into a short silence.

What the f*ck…

It was all a bait plan. Why had they all failed but Xu Tui had succeeded?

After a few seconds of silence, Ruan Da suddenly said, “Xu Tui, do you plan to guard this base for a long time?”

“What do you mean?”

“If you don’t plan to hold on for a long time, you can consider selling it to us.”

“It’s already been sold!”

Xu Tui’s words made Sha Yue, who had been watching from the sidelines, displeased. “Commander Xu, you didn’t sell it to the special forces of the other sectors, did you? Aren’t you going to consider your own family?”

“Sha Yue, I suddenly realized that your mouth is very bad!” Xu Tui scolded him mercilessly.

“Xu Tui has given us the newly conquered base,” Zhu Lang said at the right time, making Ruan Da and the others tongue-tied.

No one could find fault with Xu Tui handing over the newly conquered alien strategic base to the Huaxia Sector’s battle team.

Those who dared to find faults were idiots!

“Commander Xu, I apologize. I’m sorry. I was too extreme! If I have the chance, I’ll definitely apologize to you personally!” Sha Yue said.

“No need.” Xu Tui could tell that Sha Yue was a smiling tiger. He would fall out with you now, but he would immediately smile at you the next moment. He was a dangerous person.

The communication in the communication channel ended here.

However, what the others did not know was that a few minutes later, Ruan Da contacted Zhu Lang in private and asked, “Commander Zhu, how many Origin Crystals does Xu Tui want from you in this alien base? Where is it?”

“This… Xu Tui said that he could not reveal it during the transaction.” Although Zhu Lang’s reaction was slower than Li Zhen’s, his EQ was top-notch. He could already vaguely guess Ruan Da’s thoughts.

“We’ll talk about the location after we arrive. Xu Tui didn’t let us know now.” Zhu Lang handled the matter flawlessly.

It was not that Zhu Lang did not trust Ruan Da. Instead, there might really be a traitor. According to Zhu Lang’s intelligence source, in the past three days, the America Sector and the Russian Federation had each used bait more than once, but they had all failed.

It was hard to say if this was a coincidence or a traitor.

…

In the temporary shelter of the Haotian Special Forces, Ruan Da, Jian Dan, Jian Qi, Shen Lie, and Sha Yue were gathered together. They were constantly watching the two videos that Xu Tui had uploaded about Cui Xi jumping out to be bait.

The five of them played it slowly and quickly. They watched it no less than 20 times, but they were all dumbfounded!

A burly man jumped out very easily. With a roar, the Mechanical Spirit in the energy protection shield rushed out like a bull in heat. The problem was that they had implemented the same tactic, but the Mechanical Spirit refused to come out.

This was especially so for the second video. When Cui Xi jumped, 18 Mechanical Spirits would rush out.

They could not understand it at all!

“Could it be that Cui has some strange ability?” Jian Qi asked curiously.

“I’ve investigated. This Extreme Cultivator surnamed Cui majors in genetic ancient martial arts, but his abilities are normal. There’s nothing unusual.”

“Then what’s wrong with this Mechanical Spirit? It’s him both times. As long as this Cui guy appears, the Mechanical Spirit will charge out like a lunatic. What’s going on?”

“That’s right. It doesn’t make sense.”

“Did Cui cultivate some kind of seductive skill?”

“Even our Mystery Branch doesn’t have a seduction skill. How can the Extreme Branch have one?”

“Then what’s going on? Could it be that Cui has activated a special gene that can make the Mechanical Spirit race see him like how many people see a wavy beauty?” Sha Yue was puzzled.

The members of the Haotian Special Forces fell silent. The same scene was happening in the Taiyi Special Forces. The higher-ups of the Taiyi Special Forces were also puzzled. They could not understand why Cui Xi was so tempting to the Mechanical Spirit Race. As soon as he jumped out, the Mechanical Spirit Race charged out of the energy defense barrier.

Their bait plan was to stand there and be bombarded by the base’s defensive weapons, but the Mechanical Spirit did not come out.

This was simply…

…

After Xu Tui communicated with Zhu Lang and Li Zhen alone, he realized that the Huaxia Sector’s battle team was located in a plain valley between Base 8 and Base 9. They discovered a mineral vein there, but it was relatively poorer. The yield was alright, but the quality of the ore was very ordinary.

Zhu Lang decided to split the entire team into two.

Li Zhen would lead an elite combat team and travel at full speed. They would even forcefully travel in harsh environments in the morning and night to reach Base 12 within two days.

In case something happened to Base 14.

...

After all, the number of members of the Worldly Special Force was still too few. There were only 11 people. No matter how strong they were, once they were surrounded by several times the number of other forces, this number would cause the other party to have some crooked thoughts.

Wouldn’t it be over if they were all wiped out? Especially in the face of the huge benefits of the alien strategic base. In addition, since the Mechanical Spirit Race had counterattacked, the early arrival of this team could also provide effective support to the Worldly Special Force.

At the same time, this team was also the main force of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team. The plan that Zhu Lang had arranged was very complete and reasonable.

Speed was the most important thing in war.

Li Zhen received Zhu Lang’s order. At four o’clock in the morning on the 13th day of the space invasion, just as the extremely low temperature and strong winds in the wilderness had recovered to a level that they could withstand, Li Zhen brought out a team of 30 elites.

Their mode of transportation was a triangular flying saucer.

The combat team’s ability to collect resources was still very strong.

The group of people from the Worldly Special Force naturally continued to cultivate in Base 12. They cultivated in the cultivation hall at night and used Origin Crystals during the day. They had to seize the time to improve themselves.

On the evening of the 14th day of the space invasion, Li Zhen successfully arrived at Base 12 with his elite team.

The moment he saw all the members of the Worldly Special Force, he was stunned. “You took down Base 12 without any damage?”

“Uncle, most of us are injured, but we’ve mostly recovered. You’re not looking forward to our casualties, are you?” Li Zheng said.

...

Li Zhen was not angry at all after being scolded by his niece. He chuckled and handed over a medicine box. “Old Zhu asked me to bring you supplies.

“We’ll stay in the building beside you for the night. We’ll deal with the specific transfer when Old Zhu comes.”

This was what he should do.

“Xu Tui, I discovered something different at the bionic observation post that I buried in the best observation position outside Base 14.” During his night training, Ah Huang suddenly spoke and sent Xu Tui a blurry image.

In the image, a few tall figures were exceptionally eye-catching.