Chapter 812 - 812 Ambush And Money Counterattack (2)

812 Ambush and Money Counterattack (2)

“Positions one to ten. This is Maxis. Reply immediately if you receive it. Reply immediately if you receive it! All stations, report to me one by one! This is an order!”

Hearing Maxis’s voice, Clade and Genning’s expressions suddenly turned ugly. Something had happened!@@novelbin@@

Something must have happened!

“Blow the whistle. Everyone, go out and patrol.”

!!

At the same time, a shrill whistle suddenly came from outside the door. However, the moment the whistle sounded, it stopped. The sound of an enemy attack instantly rang out.

The entire Base 14 also became chaotic because of the sudden enemy attack.

Clade had just brought a group of elites to the ground from the underground level when a black shadow suddenly fell. It was a warrior from the European Sector.

Only half of his body was left!

“Enemy… Nine… Transmutation…” Before he could finish his sentence, the warrior died. The expressions of Clade, Gerning, Maxis, and the others changed drastically. Almost at the same time, a huge fireball fell from the sky.

A khaki-colored light rose, blocking the flames. However, in just an instant, the earth shield that Maxis had just raised shattered. Maxis was sent flying and vomited blood.

“Be careful. At least four Genetic Transmutation Realm experts are focusing their fire on me!” Maxis roared!

The battle began.

Nine huge figures advanced and retreated in Base 14. They attacked in pairs. Almost no elites in the entire European Sector of Base 14 were their match. They would be injured if they blocked it, and they would die if they touched it.

In just a few minutes, the elites of the European Sector had suffered heavy casualties.

The reason for the heavy casualties was not only because the other party was extremely powerful, but also because they were all at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. Most importantly, the European Sector was very chaotic because of the night raid.

It took a few minutes to organize a strategy. The situation was slightly better.

“F*ck, let’s do it. I’ll go first. I’ll fight for a chance for you!” Maxis roared and tore apart an Origin Crystal ability seal card. In an instant, a huge khaki-colored light screen rose and blocked most of the attacks.

Due to this defense, the pressure on the elite members of Gerning’s group was greatly reduced. They instantly started to focus fire.

A Genetic Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit was killed on the spot!

Lei Xiang, who was constantly knocking out the Blue Star humans, was suddenly shocked by the powerful aura that appeared behind it.

The aura of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse!

The moment he turned around, he saw the aura of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. It was just a huge yellow light screen. He instantly reacted. However, it was the rise of this khaki-colored light screen that caused one of his subordinates to die in battle.

“Trash!” The third vertical eye on Lei Xiang’s forehead suddenly opened. With a sizzling sound, dark blue lightning shot out.

Almost instantly, dozens of dark blue snake-shaped lightning bolts struck the earth-yellow defensive light screen that Maxis had created.

Swish!

The earth-yellow defensive light screen was pierced through like a balloon.

Maxis spat out blood again and exclaimed, “F*ck, there’s a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse on the other side?”

Almost at the same time, the energy screen of the Mechanical Spirit Race Genetic Transmutation Realm expert led by Yin Suo poured over again.

Not only did the energy screen shot out by the four Genetic Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirits suppress hundreds of people, but it also caused casualties from time to time.

When they heard that Maxis had a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse on the other side, everyone panicked!

“Impossible! At most, he has the top combat strength of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. He can’t be as strong as a quasi-planetary realm expert…” Before he could finish his sentence, Gerning was struck by a few bolts of lightning. His protective shield exploded, and his combat uniform was torn apart.

However, this was only the beginning. Dense bolts of lightning instantly blasted towards Gerning, wanting to kill him.

Lei Xiang had already observed and understood that Gerning was definitely the leader.

Looking at the endless lightning bolts attacking him, Gerning’s eyes widened. He directly tore open two Origin Crystal ability seal cards.

One of them turned into a solid fire crystal wall that protected Gerning’s entire body. The moment the other one was torn apart, it turned into a huge firebird that blasted towards Lei Xiang with a terrifying high temperature.

At the same time, Gerning also started to curse.

“Idiots, why don’t you use your life-saving items now? Do you want to use them after you die?” Gerning cursed!

“F*ck, die!” Maxis, who was standing up with blood spurting out of his mouth, tore open another Origin Crystal ability seal card. Countless tentacles suddenly extended from the ground under the feet of Lei Xiang, Yin Suo, and the others and blasted towards them from all directions.

It was another Origin Crystal ability seal card from quasi-planetary powerhouses. Even top-notch Genetic Transmutation Realm experts like Lei Xiang and Yin Suo had to dodge such an attack, let alone ordinary Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

Lei Xiang and the others instantly soared into the air. However, the moment they soared into the air, at least a dozen genetic nouveau riche’s attacks all erupted.

They had all tore apart the Origin Crystal ability seal card!

Even Lei Xiang and Yin Suo’s expressions changed drastically when they saw the attacks that had the aura of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse.

“Defend!” Lei Xiang roared. Countless bolts of lightning surged out and formed a lightning shield. The lightning in his vertical eye blasted out and continuously blocked attacks.

Lei Xiang no longer had the time to wonder why there were so many enemies in Base 14.

The number was dozens of times that of the information!

It was the same for Yin Suo and Bu Zheng.

However, the number of attacks launched by the elites of the European Sector at this moment was too strong! Even if they activated the Origin Crystal ability seal card of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, the true power might not even be half of the true attack of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse.

However, it also far exceeded the endurance of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

Another Mechanical Spirit and a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert of the Dissimilate Clan were killed on the spot.

Three more people were severely injured. More than a dozen quasi-planetary-level powerhouses’ Origin Crystal abilities were activated. It would be strange if there were no casualties under such a luxurious paywall attack.

“How could this be? Retreat first!” Lei Xiang roared angrily. At this moment, even someone as strong as Bu Zheng spat out blood!

“Kill! Focus fire from afar!” Seeing that the enemy was about to retreat, Clade roared!

The elites of the European Sector who had stabilized were all focused fire. Even with the protection of Lei Xiang, another person was seriously injured.

Lei Xiang, Yin Suo, and Bu Zheng still managed to retreat with the remaining three people. However, the elites of the European Sector who had suffered heavy casualties had already become enraged. Seeing that the enemy was about to retreat, they chased after them.

...

The retreating Lei Xiang glanced coldly and casually threw out a fist-sized lightning bead.

Lightning shot out from the vertical eye and accurately struck the lightning bead.

Boom!

Lightning flashed in all directions, and the plasma rolled, exploding into a 300-meter-long plasma lightning belt.

The 20-odd elites from the European Sector who were close to him were turned into ashes on the spot before they could even let out a scream.

“Oh, hell!” Clade roared angrily. When the ribbon of plasma lightning disappeared, Lei Xiang and the others were already gone.

What was left behind were corpses all over the ground.