Chapter 827 - 827 Taking Advantage Of The Five Major Sectors (1)

827 Taking Advantage Of The Five Major Sectors (1)

At noon on the 24th day of the space invasion, the commander of the Taiyi Special Force, Li Shihua, arrived at Base 10 with all the members of the Taiyi Special Force.

After a short exchange of pleasantries, they began the handover process with the Worldly Special Force.

Actually, there was not much to hand over. It was mainly to check on the ore refinement center that could operate normally.

This was the most important thing.

!!

The people from the Taiyi Special Force had brought along 17 fully automatic engineering robots. As long as they took over, they would probably be able to make the ore refinement center in Base 10 run normally.

They basically did not have any in stock.

Xu Tui had not been idle for the past few days after he captured Base 10. He had transferred all of the spoils of war to Base 12 through the triangular flying saucer that he had assembled and handed them over to Zhu Lang and the others for safekeeping.@@novelbin@@

There was no doubt that the amount of metal ingots was more than 2,000.

It was also mainly because metal ingots were too convenient to transport. If it was an ore, it would be too troublesome to transport.

If there were no accidents, Xu Tui would most likely use the secondary quantum beacon near Base 12 to activate the return teleportation channel when he left.

“We will leave within two days at most. At that time, the cultivation hall in the basement of the base will be handed over to you. The energy concentration of Base 10 is slightly higher than that of Base 12.”

Xu Tui’s words made Li Shihua overjoyed. They did not know that there was a cultivation hall where energy gushed out. This was definitely an unexpected gain. It was definitely the favorite benefit of the members of the Taiyi Special Force.

Naturally, the agreed 2,200 grams of Origin Crystals were handed over to Xu Tui. At the same time, they also signed an electronic contract. They would take 20% of the profits of Base 10 from now until they returned.

“Also, Commander Zhu entrusted me to pass 1,400 grams of Origin Crystals to you,” Li Shihua said.

“1,400 grams of Origin Crystals? Where did that come from?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Didn’t Commander Zhu tell you? This is the profit he got from helping you sell the map. He sold a map for 200 grams of Origin Crystals and has only received seven portions of Origin Crystals so far. As for the rest, he’ll find an opportunity to pass them to you after he receives them.”

After saying that, Li Shihua pursed his lips slightly. “Xu Tui, to be honest, we are a little envious of the gains of your Worldly Special Force this time. In just this period of time, even if the Origin Crystals you obtained did not exceed 10,000, they should be around 7,000 to 8,000, right?” After handing them over, Li Shihua sighed. “I reckon that you won’t have to worry about your cultivation resources after this space invasion, right?”

Li Shihua took the initiative to get closer to the Worldly Special Force.

“More or less. However, how can I not worry about cultivation resources? I almost don’t have any Origin Crystals to cultivate now,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“How is that possible?” Li Shihua was stunned. “Even if you only take 40%, you can still get nearly 4,000 grams of Origin Crystals! You can’t even finish 4,000 grams of Origin Crystals, right?”

This time, it was Cui Xi, Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Luo Murong, Li Zheng, Yang Huai, and the others’ turn to have strange expressions. The straightforward Cui Xi was even tongue-tied. He wanted to say something, but in the end, he did not.

Li Shihua looked at this strange scene and suddenly realized something. “Don’t tell me that the distribution pattern of your team is equal?”

“The distribution will be based on battle contribution. However, as the regiment commander, I can get two to three portions,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“There are no additional allocations for the management of your team?” Li Shihua was puzzled.

“What additional allocation? How did you guys split it?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“For example, we have to take out 20% of the total profits of our Taiyi Special Force. This is an additional dividend for the management. This is what the regiment commander, vice-captain, captain, and the others can take.

“Then, as the commander, I will receive an additional 5%. Other than that, we also had to deposit 15% of the funds into the special forces’ public funds for the overall development needs and various normal expenses of the special forces after we returned, including the pensions of the members who died in battle.

“As for the rest, we’ll take out 15% of the rewards for the contributors. The rest will be split equally.”

Xu Tui, Zhao Hailong, and Cui Xi broke out in a cold sweat when they heard these words. Compared to the Taiyi Special Forces, the current distribution system of the Worldly Special Force was purely a grassroots group. It was completely unpresentable.

…

At night, in the cultivation hall, the defense had been handed over to the people of the Taiyi Special Force. The members of the Worldly Special Force gathered. Xu Tui followed the old rules and took out the 3,600 grams of Origin Crystals that he had obtained during the day.

In the afternoon, Xu Tui had already received Zhu Lang’s notice.

Currently, the various battle teams, special forces, and even the more marginalized Heavenly Dao Special Forces in the Huaya Sector had already spent a large sum of money to purchase the map.

200 grams of Origin Crystals per map.

Seven of them had already arrived. Nine of them had yet to send over their Origin Crystals, but it was only a matter of time.

This surprised Xu Tui.

Zhu Lang was helping him take advantage of the other five sectors. He had earned 3,200 grams of Origin Crystals after selling a map, not counting the income he had earned from selling it to Taiyi and Haotian.

Of course, the reason why it sold so successfully was because of Ah Huang’s technical support.

Ah Huang was not the only one who had obtained the map. Ah Huang had also used a special method to lock it. After a map was unlocked, it would be technically bound to a device. As long as there were data duplication traces, it would immediately self-destruct!

This technique was not too difficult to crack.