Chapter 824 - 824 Different Colors (2)

824 Different Colors (2)

Unfortunately, Mr. He Yunfeng had persisted on the path of self-evolution for five years. He did not see any prospects of self-evolution.

The greatest possibility was that he had chosen the wrong main genetic chain from the start. The growth time of this trial and error was too great!

He Yunfeng did not have the next five years to try again. He directly chose the elixir to assist in his evolution.

Therefore, be it An Xiaoxue, Ji Guoliang, or He Yunfeng, the three teachers had the same opinion.

!!@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was free to choose either method.

There was no way to comment on the pros and cons.

Originally, Xu Tui had chosen the auxiliary evolution plan. If not for the space invasion, he might have already started injecting the auxiliary evolution elixir.

However, as Xu Tui obtained nearly 1,000 Origin Crystals during this period of time and crazily consumed them to cultivate, he made a new discovery. Especially after his exchange with Luo Murong and Yan Lie, who had also reached a bottleneck today.

Xu Tui was thinking about a question. What was the bottleneck between the Genetic Mutation Realm and the Genetic Evolution Realm?

In reality, the bottleneck of this so-called realm, or rather, the level of life, was not too obvious to Xu Tui at the moment. It was not as strong as Luo Murong and Yan Lie.

Xu Tui was able to continue strengthening his genetic base points. The effect was not that obvious. It might also be because Xu Tui’s current strength base was too high.

Then, what exactly was the bottleneck?

Also, did the argument that Xu Tui had discussed with Luo Shifeng about the genetic base points and the strengthening level of the genetic ability chain have anything to do with the Genetic Evolution Realm?

Level 2 silver genetic base points corresponded to the Genetic Mutation Realm. Then, did Level 3 genetic base points correspond to the Genetic Evolution Realm?

However, back then, Xu Tui had only strengthened all of the genetic base points in his genetic ability chain to Level 2 silver. His related abilities had reached the level of the Genetic Mutation Realm, or even surpassed it.

In theory, Xu Tui strengthening all the genetic base points in a genetic chain to Level 3 gold was equivalent to breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

However, he did not!

Or did he have to completely strengthen a certain genetic ability chain to Level 3 before he could break through?

If that was the case, the difficulty of autonomous evolution would be extremely great!

Xu Tui had used up a heaven-defying number of Origin Crystals but still had not broken through despite his abnormal cultivation speed. Then, the others…

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood why An Xiaoxue had taken six years to evolve on her own.

So six years of continuous cultivation would allow An Xiaoxue to completely strengthen a Level 2 genetic ability chain into a Level 3 genetic ability chain?

If that was the case, did that mean that Xu Tui would be able to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm as long as he completely strengthened a Level 2 genetic ability chain into a Level 3 genetic chain?

However, why did Xu Tui feel a sense of danger when he strengthened the mental whip genetic chain to golden?

Xu Tui had a headache. He felt that there was a path ahead, but it was covered in fog. He could not see through it!

The path of development was too difficult!

Xu Tui, Luo Murong, and Yan Lie . discussed for more than an hour on self-evolution. Xu Tui told the two of them everything he knew. The two of them also told Xu Tui about their cultivation feelings.

“Currently, although you have reached a bottleneck in your cultivation, I suggest that you still use the self-evolution method to choose a main genetic ability chain and undergo super-intensity cultivation every day.

“It would be a good thing if you could break through. There was no need for me to explain the advantages of self-evolution. If you can’t achieve autonomous evolution, personally, your current cultivation accumulation will definitely not be wasted.

“Even if you can’t evolve on your own, when you go back and use the auxiliary evolution elixir to break through, the improvement of your breakthrough to the Genetic Evolution Realm will be stronger than others.”

After a long discussion, Xu Tui came up with a suggestion.

Xu Tui was not confident about his path. Should he take the risk and forcefully strengthen the chain of a certain genetic ability chain to golden?

“Don’t worry, we won’t relax. Even if the enhancement effect during the bottleneck is very small, the enhancement will still be very considerable if we persist and accumulate it,” Luo Murong said.

As Xu Tui nodded, he suddenly had a thought. “I have a research direction. I want you to try to cooperate.”

“Speak!”

“All of you know that my mental perception is stronger. In fact, when I used the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, my mental perception mutated into other branches. If I sensed a person with my mental perception for a long time, I would be able to see the flow of energy in the genetic ability chain in their body to a certain extent.

“I’m thinking that if you completely drop your guard, it would mean that you trust me completely and are not guarding against my mind power. I think that I might be able to ‘see’ more with my mental perception.

“I might be able to discover the progress of your autonomous evolution or even the shortcomings of your related abilities. At the same time, we can also find a way to accelerate our autonomous evolution.”

After Xu Tui finished speaking, he looked at Luo Murong and Yan Lie sincerely. Xu Tui had this research idea a long time ago, but he had never tried it out. Cheng Mo was eliminated because his level of evolution was too low. He had to have absolute trust in Xu Tui and not be wary at all.

On this point, An Xiaoxue was the only one who met the requirements.