Chapter 823 - 823 Different Colors (1)

823 Different Colors (1)

Xu Tui knew about self-evolution. An Xiaoxue had specially told Xu Tui about the Genetic Evolution Realm.

The Genetic Evolution Realm was a huge watershed for genetic newcomers. It was very important.

The Genetic Liberation Realm was the foundation for becoming a genetic newcomer. The Genetic Mutation Realm was a further strengthening, while the Genetic Evolution Realm was an increase in the level of life. It was a true new human!

To put it simply, before humans broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, they were mammals. They could not live without land.

After breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, they would be a multi-living creature. They had a certain level of survivability in the sea, space, and various unknown environments.

Of course, this was only an analogy. In reality, the improvement was more comprehensive.

It was just like how the various alliances had mentioned when they were studying the basic survival data of the resource planet. Under emergency and special circumstances, elites at the Genetic Evolution Realm could directly breathe the oxygen and use the water of the current planet.

However, elites below the Genetic Evolution Realm were definitely not allowed to breathe and use the water of the current planet unless it was a crisis.

Breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm was not only a great increase in strength, but also a comprehensive increase in the level of life.

Currently, there were only two ways for humans to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm—injecting the Genetic Evolution Assistance Elixir.

This method took a short time and had the highest success rate. The cost of trial and error was within acceptable limits.

However, there were many internal branches.

Genetic mutation was a change in the normal dimension. To a certain extent, genetic evolution broke through the current dimension.

Therefore, the Genetic Evolution Assistance Elixir was actually a regulatory pathway elixir that controlled the genetic chain group.

There were many ways to regulate it. There were viral regulatory pathways, fracture transcriptional regulations, and radiation compilation regulations.

This was the mainstream method of Genetic Evolution Assistance Elixir.

However, they all had one characteristic: uncertainty.

An ability that had been chosen as the main genetic chain for evolution might be strengthened, might obtain a new ability, might be weakened, might become trash, might break due to failure, or even the entire genetic chain would disappear silently.

Of course, the probability of negative changes was relatively low.

The other way was to evolve on his own.

Autonomous evolution almost perfectly avoided the various flaws of the auxiliary evolution method. The advantages were even more obvious.

After an autonomous evolution, the increase in strength, the increase in the level of life, and the increase in the ability to evolve the main genetic chain were stronger than the auxiliary evolution of elixirs.

And it was much stronger.

An Xiaoxue evolved on her own. It was also called self-evolution.

This was also the reason why An Xiaoxue was extremely powerful. Once she broke through, she would almost be the top combat power in the Genetic Evolution Realm. She could even kill enemies above her level.

The ability to evolve the main genetic chain, Dimensional Explosion, was even more awesome.

However, the flaws of self-evolution were also very obvious. It took a long time and consumed a lot of resources. The success rate was not high, and the cost of trial and error was very high.

These flaws were almost all reflected in An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue had been at the Genetic Mutation Realm for six years. She had tried to evolve herself for seven years before she completed her autonomous evolution and broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

To be honest, autonomous evolution was terrifying!

Xu Tui had discussed this with An Xiaoxue before. Should he choose the elixir to assist in evolution or evolve on his own?

The final conclusion was the first choice, to use elixirs to assist in evolution.

In reference to An Xiaoxue, it would take too long to evolve on his own.

Six years!

He was afraid that he would not be able to hold back! With these six years, many geniuses could even break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm!

Within the Genetic Miracle, there were two different evolution methods.

For example, the founder, Shang Long, evolved on his own. Mr. Ji Guoliang also evolved on his own. Mr. He Yunfeng was assisted by elixirs. Mr. Bian Yuan was also assisted by elixirs. However, an accident happened and his evolution failed. He only recovered last time.

An Xiaoxue had evolved on her own.

From this data, autonomous evolution was the mainstream in Genetic Miracles. Therefore, Genetic Miracles had more research experience in autonomous evolution.

In simpler terms, autonomous evolution was to choose a genetic ability chain in advance to continuously strengthen and train.

It was a little like training your muscles. If you trained to the limit and continued to train, one day, your muscles would undergo subversive growth and you would be able to train muscles like Popeye.

This meant that he had successfully evolved on his own!

The level of the human genomic chain had a horizontal effect. In layman’s terms, it was like self leveling.

The genetic chain group that had successfully evolved was the highest level in the human body. After it evolved, its high-level power would continuously strengthen the other genetic chain groups.

When a genomic chain evolved at a higher level, it would continuously strengthen the other groups of chains, triggering various chain reactions and achieving evolution.@@novelbin@@

Of course, there was a limit to this horizontal effect.

Xu Tui had basically understood all the information about autonomous evolution within the Genetic Miracle.

However, He Yunfeng was another negative example of autonomous evolution.

Actually, He Yunfeng had chosen the path of autonomous evolution in the beginning.

This was because the strength after an autonomous evolution was really stronger than the Genetic Evolution Realm that was assisted by elixirs.