Chapter 821 - 821 Critical Point And Self-Evolution (1)

821 Critical Point and Self-Evolution (1)

At Base 15 of the alien base.

The commander who had just received a call from Yin Zhou, the commander of the main base, personally brought a communication device to the cultivation hall on the first basement level. He had a depressed expression.

Before entering the underground hall, he even composed himself and forced a smile on his face.

Lei Xiang, Yin Suo, and Bu Zheng were really not easy to serve. Every one of them was better than him. He only hoped that these old men would leave quickly. If they left, he would continue to be his local emperor!

“Lord Lei Xiang, it’s a call from Commander Yin Zhou.”

Lei Xiang glanced at the commander of Base 15 and said coldly, “Answer it.”

“What is it?” Lei Xiang asked after the call was connected.

“Lord Lei Xiang, the latest news is that our Base 10 has been attacked by the enemy again. All the Mechanical Spirits have died in battle! However, before our Mechanical Spirit died in battle, we had already gathered the Spiritual Embodiments and returned it to the spiritual box. It can be considered as the Sacred Clan’s loyalty,” Yin Zhou said.

Under normal circumstances, the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race would call the Spiritual Race that ruled them the Sacred Race.

“Lost another base? You contacted me to inform me of this?” Lei Xiang frowned and forced himself not to say the word ‘trash’. He still had a brain.

“Lord Lei Xiang, if it’s just the matter of losing a base, I naturally wouldn’t dare to disturb you. However, this matter is very terrifying!” Yin Zhou said.

“Speak!”

“Lord Lei Xiang, after the incident, I urgently communicated with the Blue Star human who actively contacted us. He is the guy with the code name Black Hole. He did not find out who attacked Base 10. However, Base 14 and Base 12 were both attacked by the Worldly Special Force of the Huaxia Sector.

“Judging from the location, there was a high chance that Base 10 was also attacked by the Huaxia’s Worldly Special Force. If that was the case, it would be terrifying. This means that the Huaxia Special Forces might have discovered a loophole in the defense of our resource base. Next, more bases might be broken through by this Special Force!

“What was worse was that they broke through these bases very quickly. It could be said to be a blitzkrieg. Currently, we have not received any effective combat intelligence data. We can’t find this fatal loophole in a short period of time!” Yin Zhou had a worried expression.

“Then does your resource base have any fatal flaws in its defense?” Lei Xiang asked.@@novelbin@@

“Lord Lei Xiang, we didn’t discover it ourselves, but the enemy is constantly breaking into our resource base. There are no problems with the loss of minerals. The key is the Spiritual Embodiments and the Spiritual Box!” Yin Zhou had a worried expression.

“Speak directly, I don’t want to beat around the bush!”

“Lord Lei Xiang, we have to take back the lost spiritual box. This is my responsibility, but it is also your contribution! Also, we have to stop the Worldly Special Force from continuing to break into our base. As long as the base is broken through, there will definitely be problems with the Spiritual Embodiments,” Yin Zhou said.

“You want me to launch a surprise attack on the Worldly Special Force?” Lei Xiang already understood what Yin Zhou meant. “What about the information on the Worldly Special Force?”

“There are only 12 people in the Worldly Special Force. Their commander is called Xu Tui. According to the information, he is at the peak of the Genetic Mutation Realm, but he definitely has the combat strength of an A-rank or S-rank Genetic Evolution Realm.

“There are about six people in the entire Worldly Special Force who have the combat strength of the Genetic Evolution Realm. The rest are weaker by a level.” Yin Zhou was basically accurate with the information.

The words Xu Tui made Lei Xiang’s gaze shift. He suddenly remembered Yanzi’s words. However, this did not interfere with his judgment and decisions. “This is the information the Black Hole gave you?”

“Yes, Sir. It should be accurate! I think your team should be able to take them down easily,” Yin Zhou said.

“That’s what you said when we raided Base 14.” Lei Xiang sneered.

Yin Zhou said, “Sir, the information this time is basically accurate.”

“As you said, it’s basically accurate! Also, we can’t trust Black Hole of the human race. Who knows if he was a spy released by the human race to trick us? We need reconnaissance and more accurate information.”

“Lord Lei Xiang, this will take time, and it will be very difficult! But I’m afraid…” The loss of three bases in a row put immense pressure on Yin Zhou.

“Similarly, we also need time to recover from our injuries. Of course, I understand the difficulty of your reconnaissance. Bu Zheng and the others, who are slightly injured, still need four to five days to recover from their injuries. After they recover from their injuries, we will attack this Worldly Special Force, but I have a condition!” Lei Xiang said.

Yin Zhou was overjoyed when he heard that Lei Xiang could take risks. “Don’t worry, Sir. I’ll definitely do whatever I can do.”

“I want manpower. I want a certain amount of energy replenishment.” Lei Xiang said.

“Origin crystals, right? No problem. However, I’m too short-handed,” Yin Zhou said hesitantly.

“If there’s no manpower, there’s no need to talk about anything!” Lei Xiang was very determined.

“Sir, you can actually ask for help from the forward operating base, right?” Yin Zhou probed.

“In a short period of time, the forward base can no longer send people over. When the teleportation channel sent me, the overload of power triggered a small-scale quantum storm. The recovery time is at least a month later!” Lei Xiang said.

This was also what made Lei Xiang more angry. He had previously contacted the forward operating base.