Chapter 826 - 826 The Fear Instinct Of The Survival Gene

826 The Fear Instinct of the Survival Gene

Xu Tui saw that the genetic ability chain in Yan Lie’s body was Level 2 silver.

This was completely in line with Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng’s theories. It also matched Yan Lie’s current strength at the peak of the Genetic Mutation Realm.

The Level 2 silver genetic ability chain in Yan Lie’s body was all silver. However, most of the genetic base points in the chain were Level 1 white.

For example, in the Hidden Genetic Ability Chain that Yan Lie was currently cultivating, there were a total of 13 genetic base points. Only four of them were Level 2 silver, while the rest were Level 1 white.

However, the chains that strung the 13 genetic base points together were all silver. Furthermore, this silver color was extremely dazzling.

Xu Tui looked at the other genetic ability chains of Yan Lie. The chains were also silver, but most of the genetic base points were white.

In many Level 2 genetic ability chains, only one to two genetic base points were Level 2 silver.

This was the complete opposite of Xu Tui’s current situation.

Xu Tui’s current genetic ability chain had golden genetic base points, but the chain was silver. It was the same when it was strengthened to Level 2. He first strengthened his genetic base points to Level 2 silver, then strengthened the chain to Level 2 silver.

However, the situation of Yan Lie that Xu Tui had observed with his mental perception was completely the opposite.

Did he walk the wrong path?

Xu Tui observed for a while and suddenly called out to Cui Xi. It was impossible for him to look at Luo Murong from the inside out. In the entire Worldly Special Force, Xu Tui felt that Cui Xi was the only one who could accept his outrageous request.

This was because not only did he have to see through everything, but he also had to accept a certain level of psychological hints of unrestricted trust. Only Cui Xi could do it.

The others would probably agree if he really asked them, excluding the female students. However, they still had some thoughts.

“Alright, I’m not afraid. Take a look as you please! If you really have any thoughts, I’ll embarrass you to death with my huge iron rod!” Cui Xi said seriously.

Xu Tui did not understand what he was saying at first. When Xu Tui saw Cui Xi’s wretched smile and understood what he meant, he could not help but be furious.

“F*ck, come, let’s compete and see who can embarrass the other! You want to compare your S size with my XLLL size?” Men could not admit defeat in this matter!

“F*ck, aren’t you bragging too much? An XLLL size? Why are you comparing yourself to me with your thigh? Let’s go. If you have the guts, go to the toilet. I’ll make sure that you feel inferior!” Cui Xi was indignant.

“F*ck, you even became very excited. Let’s go pee together!” Xu Tui immediately stood up.

Yan Lie also stood up and was about to move forward, but Xu Tui and Cui Xi pushed him away at the same time. Two minutes later, Xu Tui and Cui Xi returned at the same time. Their expressions looked more natural. If one looked closely, they would notice that Cui Xi’s expression was a little…

“How is it? Who won?” Yan Lie leaned forward curiously.

Cui Xi glanced at Yan Lie. “Why, Old Yan? Do you want to try our rod? Do you have such a hobby?”

“Bah! You’re the one who has such a hobby. I’m just curious! Old Cui, you didn’t lose, did you?” Yan Lie looked at Cui Xi with a strange expression.

Cui Xi straightened his neck and said, “I didn’t lose!”

“Then you look…”

“He peed farther than me!”

Yan Lie: “…”

Xu Tui had a sly smile on his face. Cui Xi was stubborn.

“Alright, let’s get down to business!”

Three minutes later, Xu Tui carefully cast a spiritual hint on Old Cui. He continued to focus his mental perception and saw Cui Xi’s genetic ability chain.@@novelbin@@

Then, he froze.

Old Cui’s genetic ability chain was the same as Yan Lie’s. The chain was all Level 2 silver. Only a small number of genetic base points were silver. The rest of the genetic base points were all white.

It was worth mentioning that Cui Xi was currently cultivating the Vajra Barrier Genetic Ability Chain.

His Vajra Barrier Genetic Ability Chain was also Level 2 silver. However, two-thirds of the genetic base points in this genetic ability chain were silver. One of the genetic base points was actually Level 3 gold.

No wonder this fellow’s defense was very strong. There was also a reason!

Then, the problem was, Yan Lie and Cui Xi both had silver chains but had white and silver genetic base points. Did Xu Tui train in the wrong direction?

Should he strengthen his genetic chain first? Then, he would use the genetic chain to strengthen his genetic base points to Level 3 gold?

Xu Tui observed the two of them for a long time and thought about this question.

Would it be logical to strengthen the chain first before strengthening the genetic base points?

While he was thinking and observing, Xu Tui suddenly made an unexpected discovery in the circulation of energy in Yan Lie’s Hidden Genetic Ability Chain.

Yan Lie’s Hidden Genetic Ability Chain actually formed a synapse at the head. It was a little like having an additional dot outside the closed loop. There was very, very little energy that could trigger this synapse. Xu Tui could only discover it under such a situation where there was a spiritual hint.

Xu Tui, who was experienced in cultivation under introspection, immediately realized something. It might be a branch ability of Yan Lie’s Hidden Genetic Ability Chain or a newly developed genetic base point.

However, at this rate, it might take a long time to activate it naturally.

“Old Yan, I’ve discovered a way to increase your strength. I need your cooperation. Do as I say.”

“Okay!”

As a comrade who had risked his life for Xu Tui, Yan Lie’s trust in Xu Tui could not be described with words.

“While you continue to absorb energy, focus on the left side of your head.” After a minute of observation, it was ineffective. “Focus on the right side of your head.”

Three minutes later, Xu Tui was pleasantly surprised to discover that when Yan Lie focused his attention on his forehead, the amount of Origin Energy flowing toward the synapse outside the closed-loop genetic ability chain had increased.

It would be easier once he found the general area.

After trying for a few more minutes, Xu Tui had already let Yan Lie’s attention locked onto the area. He narrowed it to the area above his left eye.

This was basically the smallest range.

The amount of energy flowing toward the additional inactivated genetic base point suddenly increased by a hundred times. The previous influx was too small. If this continued, based on the current intensity of his cultivation, Yan Lie’s Hidden Genetic Ability Chain might be able to activate a new genetic base point in a day or two.

Suddenly, Xu Tui was looking forward to seeing if there would be any pleasant changes to Yan Lie’s ability.

Cui Xi looked at Xu Tui, then at Yan Lie. He suddenly became a little anxious. “Xu Tui, did you find a shortcut for Old Yan to cultivate? Come, look at me more. I’m not afraid of you looking. Find me more.”

...

Xu Tui shook his head when he heard that. “I didn’t discover any additional discoveries with the Vajra Barrier’s genetic ability chain. When I’m free tomorrow, I’ll look at your other genetic ability chains and see if there are any useful discoveries.”

“Then it’s settled.” Cui Xi really wanted to increase his strength.

With Old Cui’s shout, the members of the Worldly Special Force in the cultivation hall looked over curiously.

“Cultivate in peace. We are studying a cultivation trick. If it succeeds, we will share it with you,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, Old Yan. When you’re cultivating concealment these few days, focus all your attention on the location I told you just now. If there are any changes, remember to tell me immediately.”

The development point of Yan Lie’s genetic ability chain was a pleasant surprise. If he had the chance, he would see if he could find it for others. Sometimes, an additional one or two genetic base points in a genetic ability chain would result in a world of difference in abilities.

Everyone began to cultivate, but Xu Tui began to study himself. His body had developed the genetic base points first before the genetic ability chains. So he was a little confused when he saw that Yan Lie and Cui Xi both had developed their chains first before their genetic base points.

What was terrible was that all the genetic base points in Xu Tui’s body had been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

Only a few genetic base points, such as the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain and the Spiritual Concealment Chain, had not been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

However, some of the genetic base points in these genetic ability chains had also been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

It could be said that Xu Tui’s body was golden under his introspection.

...

However, Xu Tui was puzzled. Would he be able to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm if he strengthened the chain first?

There was another fatal problem.

When breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, one usually had to first choose a genetic ability chain as the main genetic chain.

Under normal circumstances, this main genetic chain was the strongest genetic ability chain. After evolution, the enhancement was the greatest, and the power was also the strongest.

The genetic ability chain that he could choose now would be useless if he used it as the main genetic ability chain.

Xu Tui felt that breaking through was so difficult.

However, Xu Tui did not give up. He wanted to try it out first. He first used the genetic ability chain of Spiritual Concealment to try strengthening the chain.

With this attempt, the problem came. With the strengthening chain, the inexplicable sense of danger came again.

Xu Tui froze.

Was there danger, or was he not looking in the right direction? Or could it be that he would feel such a sense of danger as long as he wanted to strengthen his genetic ability chain to Level 3?

Is this a kind of instinctive warning?

“Hailong, let me ask you a question. Did you feel anything unusual when you broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm?” Xu Tui ran to the other side and asked Zhao Hailong, who had already broken through.

“Which aspect do you mean?”

“Do you feel any danger when you are about to break through? Do you instinctively feel danger?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes.” Zhao Hailong looked at Xu Tui strangely. “This is the most basic common sense. Didn’t your teacher teach you? This was because breaking through from the Genetic Mutation Realm to the Genetic Evolution Realm was an increase in the level of life. It was more like a rebirth. Everyone’s bodies would instinctively feel fear when they broke through.

“This instinctive fear stemmed from the instinctive fear of the unknown. Because evolution is unknown to every individual.”

Xu Tui: “…”

It was common sense again!

Xu Tui’s feelings were indescribable.

An Xiaoxue also taught Xu Tui the top-notch cultivation theories and experiences in the Genetic Miracle’s database. However, she did not tell Xu Tui this general knowledge.

The most basic common sense made Xu Tui worry for a long time. In other words, if he had this common sense, would Xu Tui have already broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm?

Seeing how speechless Xu Tui was, Zhao Hailong said seriously, “I heard you guys talking about self-evolution, so I’ll say something. No matter which method you chose to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, remember, you have to be in awe of the fear that your life instinctively feeds you. You can be unafraid of fear, but you have to treat it seriously. You have to be slow!

“Because all of our life instincts are bestowed upon us by the survival genes that occupy the highest order in our bodies! All the survival genes in our bodies have only one goal—to let us, as individuals, survive in a harsh environment,” Zhao Hailong said.

“Thank you, Hailong.”

Hearing this, Zhao Hailong glared at him. “If you continue to thank me, I’ll be angry at you. I didn’t even mention any thanks for the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Base Point Development Technique.”

“Let’s communicate more in the future. I realized that I can’t cultivate behind closed doors.” Xu Tui smiled bitterly.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui returned to his cultivation position and began to suppress the constant fear in his heart. He began to strengthen the genetic ability chain of the mental whip at the slowest speed.

Xu Tui was prepared to spend half a month or even longer to complete this strengthening, or rather, evolution.