Chapter 829 - 829 Taking Advantage Of The Five Major Sectors (3)

829 Taking Advantage Of The Five Major Sectors (3)

Over the past two days, Shen Lie had been in charge of trying to attack the alien base.

Shen Lie shook his head with a solemn expression. “Commander, we don’t have any chance. It’s not that we’re not strong enough, but those Mechanical Spirits won’t come out no matter what bait we use or what we do.

“We can’t break through the energy defense barrier. Without a way to break through the energy shield, we won’t be able to take down the alien base. Unless we ignore the casualties and focus fire on the energy barrier for a long time…”@@novelbin@@

Shen Lie did not say what happened next. Everyone knew that was impossible. Did they really think that the defensive weapons of the alien base and the Mechanical Spirits were decorations?

They would be targeted by the other party. Many people would definitely die!

Just as the atmosphere in the temporary meeting room became heavy again, Sha Yue suddenly stopped talking. Ruan Da saw this and said, “If you have anything to say, just say it. Don’t hesitate.”

“Commander, Vice-Commanders, I’m wondering if there’s a possibility that the Origin Crystal Ability Sealing Card in our hands can blast open this energy defensive barrier?” Sha Yue asked.

Ruan Da, Jian Dan, and Jian Qi looked at each other. What Sha Yue was talking about could only be the Origin Crystal ability seal card made by a Planetary realm powerhouse.

“There’s a possibility of it blasting open, but I think we’ll need at least two!” Ruan Da said after some consideration.

“Two is not enough. We have to get at least three Origin Crystal ability seal cards made by Planetary realm powerhouses. Two of them have to break through the energy defense barrier, and the other one has to blast away the energy reactor in the base. Otherwise, it will take time to reach a certain level of defense after the energy defense barrier is broken.

“However, with the support of the energy reactor, they can immediately erect the most basic energy isolation barrier. We still can’t rush in,” Shen Lie said.

“If we blow up the energy reactor, what value does this base have?” Jian Qi curled his lips.

Without the energy reactor, the ore refinement center was just decoration. There was no point in taking down the base.

“Using three Origin Crystal Ability Sealing Cards made by Planetary realm powerhouses, with one to continue attacking the newly-opened energy defense barrier, there should be a possibility of taking it down, right?” Ruan Da said.

“Isn’t that too cost-effective? Three Origin Crystal ability seal cards made by a Planetary realm powerhouse are almost priceless. It’s not worth it to use them to gamble on the probability.

“In that case, we might as well spend a few thousand Origin Crystals to buy a base from the Worldly Special Force.” Jian Dan made his attitude clear.

However, Jian Dan’s words made the others’ hearts skip a beat.

Buying a base from the Worldly Special Force seemed to be a very feasible plan. Although they had some grudges with the Worldly Special Force, it was only a little internal conflict. In the end, the two special forces still belonged to the Huaxia Sector.

“If none of the regiment commanders have any objections, should I contact Xu Tui and make a reservation in advance?” Sha Yue suddenly asked.

Ruan Da glanced at Sha Yue, his gaze landing on Jian Dan and Jian Qi. “I personally think that it’s cost-effective to interact with them. What do you think?”

Jian Dan and Jian Qi, not to mention their own strength, even the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Huaxia Sector, Jian Zhen, was behind them. Therefore, Ruan Da had to give them enough respect and importance.

“It works!”

“I think it’ll work.”

“Then you can proceed with the talks, Old Sha.” Ruan Da made the final decision when the two of them agreed. Shen Lie, who was about to say something, silently pursed his lips.

…

Early morning in the cultivation hall of Base 10.

Brushing their teeth and washing their faces was a rare thing. Early in the morning, everyone who was brushing their teeth and washing their faces was suddenly shocked by Yan Lie’s exclamation.

“F*ck, I don’t believe this is real! F*ck, how is that possible?”

Wherever the voice sounded, there was no one. Just as everyone was puzzled, Yan Lie’s figure quickly appeared.

Xu Tui, who had toothpaste foam at the corner of his mouth, was confused.