Chapter 828 - 828 Taking Advantage Of The Five Major Sectors (2)

828 Taking Advantage of The Five Major Sectors (2)

However, this was a different planet. Who could carry the core chip of a super computer like Xu Tui?@@novelbin@@

This was an invasion war! In a war, the most important thing was information! To a completely unfamiliar planet, a complete map was the best information.

Of course, Xu Tui also knew that this was probably Zhu Lang and Li Zhen’s repayment. This was the so-called reciprocation. After all, Xu Tui had not only given them a map, but he had also given them an alien strategic base.

It was the kind that had been delivered ten days ago.

!!

After all, the duration of this space invasion was limited. It was only for two months. As time passed, the value of the alien strategic base would continuously decrease.

“Commander, we heard what Li Shihua, the commander of the Taiyi Special Forces, said during the day. I think that we have to change the distribution method of the Worldly Special Force.” Other than Xu Tui, Zhao Hailong, who had the highest prestige, was the first to speak. Clearly, everyone had discussed this before.

Xu Tui looked at Zhao Hailong and the others. He already understood their intentions. “How do I change it?”

“I think the distribution method of the Taiyi Special Combat GroupForce is quite reliable,” Cui Xi said.

“In that case, the other members will only get about 50% of the Origin Crystals in the end. It’s not suitable for us.” Xu Tui rejected him clearly.

“Commander, everyone feels that you’re making a loss as the commander. You got two to three portions based on the battle contributions. There’s nothing to say. In reality, we’re still split equally…”

“Alright, there’s no need to trouble yourself with this question.” Xu Tui interrupted Yang Huai. “We have to change the distribution method. Li Shihua’s words today also reminded me. The pension and development funds of the Worldly Special Force had to be raised separately. This ratio was temporarily fixed at 10% of the total profits.

“In the future, as the commander, I’ll get an additional 5%. The entire management will get another 10%. The rest would be distributed according to battle contributions. Of course, this is just a draft. We’ll discuss it in detail when we have time.

“The reason why I said that was because I did not plan to implement this distribution draft now. After we return to the moon, we’ll calculate the various seizures, rewards, and so on according to the distribution draft.

“For now, it was still the previous allocation plan. From now on until the end of the space invasion, there was only one goal—don’t waste your cultivation resources. Split all your Origin Crystals and increase your strength.

“The strength of everyone in the Worldly Special Force will increase by a large level in this battle,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui did not like to talk about contributions. He would not miss out on what he should take.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not object to Zhao Hailong’s suggestion. This simple meeting was also one of the landmark events of the Worldly Special Force on the right track. However, just as Xu Tui had said, his most fundamental goal was to increase everyone’s strength in a short period of time.

“As usual, I’ll take two portions of the income from the trade. I’ll take three portions of the income from selling the map, and a large number of technical investments. We’ll split the rest equally.”

In the end, the others received 290 grams of Origin Crystals each. Xu Tui received 680 grams of Origin Crystals.

It was another huge income.

This was especially so for the other members. The speed at which they consumed Origin Crystals was limited. They had not used up the Origin Crystals they had obtained last time. Now that they had almost 300 grams, they were really a little anxious.

They would not be able to use it all within the stipulated time. It would be a huge loss if Xu Tui asked someone else to help them use it.

Xu Tui’s authority and prestige had reached an extremely high level in the Worldly Special Force.

Without a doubt, no one would object even if Xu Tui had the final say.

The night passed uneventfully. There was only one word—Train!

Training with their lives on the line!

…

There was a long river-like terrain 300 kilometers west of Base 21. Dozens of caves were dug on the high side of the terrain.

There were fully automatic engineering robots running back and forth inside and outside the river.

There were patrols from the Haotian Special Force on duty.

In one of the large-scale caves, the management of the Haotian Special Force was gathered for a meeting. The atmosphere was rather solemn.

“Commander, we just received accurate news that the Worldly Special Force have indeed taken down a new base. Moreover, they have successfully traded it to the Taiyi Special Forces. The base has already been taken over by the Taiyi Special Forces!”

After saying that, the vice-captain, Sha Yue, added, “The ore refinement center is intact. According to the information, as soon as the Taiyi Special Force took over, a large number of fully automatic engineering robots began to excavate the original mine, causing the ore refinement center in the base to reach a full capacity. The number of standard metal ingots they obtained in a day has exceeded 300.”

After he finished speaking, the atmosphere in the temporary meeting room of the Haotian Special Forces became even more dreary.

“F*ck, in that case, we have to risk our lives for three to four days to catch up to their daily income!” Vice-Chairman Jian Qi had a depressed expression.

“It might be more than that! When we return, the problem with transportation is that it will take a little longer. However, the volume of the original ore is more than ten times that of the refined metal ingots.

“At that time, the consumption of energy we use for teleportation will be more than ten times that of theirs. Basically, a third or even half of the profits will be spent on teleportation,” the vice-captain, Jian Dan, said.

Commander Ruan Da was silent. He looked up at Shen Lie.