Chapter 825 - 825 Different Colors (3)

825 Different Colors (3)

However, Xu Tui did not dare to mention it to An Xiaoxue. If he did, he would probably be beaten into a pig’s head. He would also have to mention the old incident of his X-ray vision during the genetic liberation.

If he completely let go, he would be able to see what was on the inside. He would be able to see what was beneath the clothes.

“I refuse!” Luo Murong rejected Xu Tui’s suggestion without hesitation.

“Why?” Xu Tui was a little anxious. They were all men.

“Can I see your future girlfriend naked?” Luo Murong asked.

Xu Tui was confused. “No, but we’re all men. Men.”

“If you don’t let me see your future girlfriend naked, then I, the boyfriend of someone in the future, naturally can’t let you see everything. So, I refuse!”

Damn!

This answer was not only a little confusing, but it was also a little magical. It stunned Xu Tui for a while.

“I don’t mind. You can look at whatever you want, but there’s only one thing you can’t do!” Yan Lie agreed readily.

“What thing?”

“You must not have any thoughts about me!”

“Scram!

…

Night was still the best cultivation time.

There were not many people in the Worldly Special Force. It was clearly impossible for them to guard such a large base at night. Therefore, everyone gathered in the underground cultivation room.

If anything happened in such a narrow space, it would be a good place to fight. Of course, there was no lack of vigilance.

“Commander, the main genetic ability chain I chose is the Hidden Genetic Ability Chain. In our Extreme Branch, this ability mainly depends on a combination of speed, light, space, explosive power, energy field power, and other factors to achieve an extreme flickering forward and concealment. It was the main ability of the so-called assassin-type. I’ll start cultivating now. You can observe me in about 15 minutes,” Yan Lie said.

After Xu Tui nodded, Yan Lie’s figure began to flash around the cultivation hall. He suddenly appeared here and then on the other side. It looked very strange.

However, their concealment ability could not pass through sealed objects. No matter how Yan Lie dodged, he would not be able to escape the cultivation hall as long as the door was closed.

In just ten minutes, Yan Lie had used his concealment ability more than 400 times. He panted as he sat down in front of Xu Tui and began to cultivate with the Origin Crystal in his hand.

Xu Tui extended his mental perception over and began to sense Yan Lie’s condition. Ten seconds later, Xu Tui’s mental perception was pushed to the limit. However, the flow of Origin Energy in Yan Lie’s body was still a little blurry.

It was not that Xu Tui’s deduction was wrong. It was just that Yan Lie was still wary of Xu Tui.

This vigilance did not mean that Yan Lie did not trust Xu Tui.

It was instinct!@@novelbin@@

All intelligent creatures had the instinct to protect themselves. Their mind power could cover their entire bodies and protect them without any thought. Clearly, this instinctive self-protection was very difficult to break.

“Why? Is it difficult? Or can’t you see it?” Yan Lie looked puzzled when he saw Xu Tui frown.

“There are some problems.” Xu Tui pondered for a few seconds. “Old Yan, I need to give you a spiritual hint. A spiritual hint that could make you completely trust me. This effect might take several days or even half a month before it slowly disappears. Are you willing?”

Yan Lie lowered his head and pondered for a second. “It’s fine as long as you don’t have any thoughts about me. I’m afraid that I won’t be able to refuse you after I completely trust you!”

“Scram!

This fellow had been led astray by Cui Xi.

A minute later, Xu Tui began to use Spiritual Resonance, Spiritual Concealment, and Low-level Hypnosis at the same time. He planted the seed of complete trust in Xu Tui in Yan Lie’s heart. The principle was similar to the Spiritual Lock.

Of course, he had to have Yan Lie’s cooperation to use this spiritual hint. Without his cooperation, Xu Tui would not be able to do anything no matter how awesome he was.

A minute later, Xu Tui began to observe Yan Lie with his mental perception again.

The effect was obvious.

His mental perception only lasted for 30 seconds before Xu Tui saw the circulation of energy in Yan Lie’s genetic ability chain. He even saw the genetic ability chain in Yan Lie’s body.

However, when he saw it clearly, he was stunned. The color of the genetic ability chain was not right!