Chapter 822 - 822 Critical Point And Self-Evolution (2)

822 Critical Point and Self-Evolution (2)

That was the answer he got.

He had already strengthened the teleportation tunnel with a set of quantum array cores. He did not expect it to be overloaded.

Hearing this, Yin Zhou was not shocked but delighted. “Sir, you… you’ve already broken through to the quasi-planetary realm?”

Lei Xiang shook his head. “I’ve reached the critical point, but I haven’t taken that step yet.”

This was also an important reason why Lei Tian had sent Lei Xiang over. As long as he, Lei Xiang, took that step, Lei Xiang would be an invincible existence on the entire resource planet.

“Then, Sir, if you take that step forward, who can stop you?”

“Do you think you can step out just because you want to?” Lei Xiang said angrily. “You have to transfer some manpower to me. Without anyone, I will only act slowly according to my plan,” Lei Xiang said.

“Sir, there are a total of three Genetic Transmutation Realms in my Base 1, including me. I’ll send one over to you. How about that?” Yin Zhou was helpless.

“One is not enough. At least send me three more Genetic Transmutation Realms. Also, send me 30 powerful Genetic Evolution Realms. In that case, even if I get ambushed or encounter the situation at Base 14 again, I can calmly deal with it,” Lei Xiang said.

“This number is really…”

“You can transfer it from other bases.”

“What about the defense once we transfer them?”

“Will the base not be breached if you don’t transfer it?”

Yin Zhou was speechless.

“Alright, I’ll transfer some people, but I need a few days,” Yin Zhou said.

“Yes, I’ll wait. Also, when the time comes to take action, I want to take the commander of Base 15 with me. He’s a Genetic Transmutation Realm after all,” Lei Xiang said.

At this moment, what else could Yin Zhou do but agree? However, the commander of Base 15, who had been listening at the side, had the urge to curse.

This Lei Xiang was really f*cking despicable. He even wanted to drag him out to risk his life. Wasn’t it good for him to be the local emperor at Base 15? Unfortunately, although he was unhappy, he did not have the right to refuse in front of Lei Xiang and Yin Zhou.

…

Compared to the speed at which others consumed Origin Crystals, Xu Tui’s consumption speed was like that of an Origin Crystal grinder.

Five days ago, the others had received 210 grams of Origin Crystals. Xu Tui had received 410 grams of Origin Crystals. He had received another share yesterday.

As of this morning, the 210 grams of Origin Crystals that the others had obtained five days ago had not been used up.

But Xu Tui had already used up 410 grams of Origin Crystals. It was not just the 410 grams of Origin Crystals. Xu Tui was about to use up the 59 grams of Origin Crystals that he had received last night. This was even if he had used the energy gushing out of the cultivation hall last night.

His strength had also increased to a certain extent. Over the past ten days, he had strengthened more than 40 genetic base points to Level 3 gold. His cultivation speed was much faster than Xu Tui had imagined.

It was mainly because he had obtained more Origin Crystals during this period of time, which was more than 1,000 grams.

According to the current situation, with another 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals, any genetic base points that had already taken shape in Xu Tui’s body would be able to strengthen to Level 3 gold.

Of course, the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain was an exception.

The only problem was that even though more than 100 genetic base points had been strengthened to Level 3 gold, Xu Tui still felt a sense of fear when he tried to completely strengthen a certain genetic chain into a Level 3 genetic ability chain.

He can’t do it!

There was danger!

There were two reasons for this.

Firstly, the total number of Level 3 golden genetic base points in his body was still not enough. Secondly, his individual evolution level was not high enough.

Xu Tui’s personal judgment was that it was more likely the latter. If he was on the moon, he could still consult a few teachers. Unfortunately, he would only return after a month. Of course, even on the Moon, the teachers, including Cai Shaochu, could only give Xu Tui some suggestions.

After all, Xu Tui’s current cultivation path was becoming more and more unique. It was completely different from the cultivation path of ordinary genetic newcomers.

On the 23rd day of the space invasion, all the members of the Worldly Special Force were still cultivating. They had to seize every moment to increase their strength.

They had already reached a deal with the Taiyi Special Forces, but the vanguard of the Taiyi Special Forces would arrive tomorrow afternoon at the earliest.

Xu Tui slowed down when he was almost done using the Origin Crystals in his hand. He continuously used the energy teleportation and activated another genetic base point for the quantum entangled energy teleportation.

However, the quantum entanglement genetic ability chain had yet to form a closed-loop genetic chain. He had activated 22 genetic base points!

In any case, he could not cultivate anything else for the time being. He could only continue. While he was cultivating, Xu Tui suddenly saw Luo Murong and Yan Lie huddled together again. The two of them were frowning.

This was not the first time the two of them had been together since yesterday.

Could there be a problem with his cultivation?

“What happened?” Xu Tui stepped forward and asked.

Luo Murong and Yan Lie looked at each other. “There’s a problem with our cultivation progress. Our cultivation might have reached a bottleneck,” Yan Lie said.

“Bottleneck? Be more specific.”

“I should have broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, but I haven’t! Originally, my plan was to try to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm when I returned. When the time came, my progress would be just right.

“I didn’t expect you to be so good at causing trouble. My improvement recently has been too great. I’ve already reached the peak of the Genetic Mutation realm, but I can’t break through without the relevant potions,” Yan Lie said.

“So you can’t cultivate because you’re at a bottleneck?” Xu Tui asked again.

“It’s not that I can’t cultivate, but the effect of cultivation is several times slower than before. According to the school’s theory, this is my current physical condition. It’s close to my limit. The effects of my training will only get worse.”

It would have been fine if Yan Lie had not said anything. However, when Yan Lie said that, Xu Tui immediately thought of himself. The effects of his recent cultivation seemed to have become much worse.

After strengthening a 72-point Genetic Ability Chain to Level 3 Gold, the increase in mind power was very small.

Could it be because of the bottleneck? However, if it was a bottleneck, it should have appeared long ago. Why did it only appear now?

Then, Xu Tui immediately thought of the reason. The Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir and the Origin Energy Tempering Elixir could make Xu Tui’s bottleneck appear later.

Moreover, Xu Tui’s precise cultivation method could overcome a certain bottleneck to a certain extent.

On the contrary, Luo Murong and Yan Lie did not have such an ability.

...@@novelbin@@

“Does that mean that it’s a waste to use Origin Crystals to cultivate at your bottleneck?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, Murong and I have been researching it, but I don’t think we have any other way other than breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm. And breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm requires the assistance of a special elixir…”

Before Yan Lie could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by Luo Murong. “That might not be the case. You might not necessarily need the help of a special medicine to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm. You can also evolve on your own!”

“What is self-evolution?” Yan Lie asked in confusion.