Chapter 820 - 820 Borrow Old Cui For Two Days (3)

820 Borrow Old Cui for Two Days (3)

Dai Yizhou had an innocent expression. “Commander, I just wanted to lower the price…”

“If that’s all you have, I think you might not be suitable to be the vice-captain of the Foreign Affairs Division. If you want to lower the price, so be it. Why did you want to raise the transaction price of Base 14?

“Fifty-nine people died in battle in the European Sector, which took over Base 14. Do you think this is a coincidence? If Xu Tui sells you the new base that they just attacked for 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals, would you dare to accept it?”

Dai Yizhou’s face turned red. “Commander, I just wanted to…”

“Forget it. You don’t know some of the information. Zhu Lang and Li Zhen from the battle team obtained Base 12, but it’s said that they directly compensated Xu Tui with 1,200 grams of Origin Crystals and gave him 20% of the profits.@@novelbin@@

“However, the current production capacity of the Base 12’s Ore Refinement Center had already exceeded 300 standard metal ingots a day. That’s about 300 grams of Origin Crystals a day. Do you understand? Moreover, there’s room for improvement in this benefit.” Although Li Shihua was aloof, he did not lack intelligence.

As the descendant of a Planetary realm powerhouse, in terms of genetic inheritance, it could be said to be perfect compared to the current humans on the Blue Star.

“Commander, I…”

“I’ll contact them again. Help me ask about something else later.”

Li Shihua gave a few instructions before contacting Xu Tui again. He contacted him three times before establishing a communication channel with Xu Tui, Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, and the others.

As soon as they contacted each other, Li Shihua apologized sincerely.

“Commander Xu, I’m very sorry. There are some situations that Yizhou doesn’t understand. Don’t take offense. How about this? We’ll increase the purchase price by 10%. We’ll use 2,200 grams of Origin Crystals to purchase the new base you took down if the ore refinement center of this base is intact,” Li Shihua said.

“It’s intact.”

Xu Tui was not angry just now. He only planned to sell the base to other special forces after Dai Yizhou said something. He did not expect Li Shihua, the commander of the Taiyi Special Forces who was rumored to be extremely arrogant, to be so good at conducting himself.

The rumors were wrong!

Ten minutes later, the deal was reached.

“By the way, Commander Xu, I have another question. Can you tell me how you can take down the alien strategic bases one after another? We can spend a large number of Origin Crystals to purchase it,” Dai Yizhou said.

“There’s no need to buy it. It’s a bait tactic.”

Dai Yizhou and Li Shihua naturally did not believe this explanation. The rumored bait tactic. They had tried, but there was no chance of success. The two of them did not believe him. Xu Tui immediately uploaded a short battle video.

In the battle video, it was a strategic base that was completely different from Base 14 and Base 12. The burly Cui Xi only jumped out and stood up with his large iron rod. The Mechanical Spirit Guards in the energy protection shield rushed out of the energy protection shield like bulls in heat.

Li Shihua and Dai Yizhou were dumbfounded. Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, who had just been pulled in to be the notary for the transaction, were also dumbfounded.

Damn it, was Cui Xi that charismatic?

Could it be that the Mechanical Spirit Race’s genes had mutated in his body? This temptation was too f*cking unscientific!

“Commander Xu Tui, can you lend us Vice-Chairman Cui for a day or two?” Dai Yizhou, who was extremely confused, blurted out.

“I will never leave the Worldly Special Force!” Cui Xi rejected Xu Tui without waiting for him to say anything.

What a joke. Cui Xi knew his own business. He had no allure. It was useless even if he was naked. It was all because the regiment commander had used unknown methods. If he was used as bait by the Taiyi Special Forces, who would be responsible if he was accidentally killed? Wouldn’t he suffer a huge loss?

In Base 12, Zhu Lang and Li Zhen looked at each other and saw through each other’s thoughts.

The bait tactic of the Worldly Special Force was definitely profound. It was definitely not as simple as it looked. He had to find an opportunity to ask.

Actually, Xu Tui was rather helpless. If there were really mature tactics, it did not matter if he told others. There were more than 30 bases. How could he finish them?

However, no one else could complete the truly important preparation work even if he told them.