Chapter 838 - 838 Intergalactic Race War (2)

838 Intergalactic Race War (2)

“Tell me the coordinates.”

“I don’t know.”

Bang!

Fisher was kicked up by Lei Xiang. Blood spurted out of his mouth. “You dare to play with me?”

“I didn’t!” Fisher spat out a mouthful of blood. “I really don’t know, but I can find it on my communication channel!” Fisher twisted around and pointed at the lightning chain that was locking him in place. “You need to untie me before I can help you find it!”

“Fisher!” Carter suddenly struggled and roared, “Are you crazy? They are enemies, invaders, and foreign races. How can you…”

Bang!

Lei Xiang kicked off half of Carter’s teeth. Blood gushed out, causing Carter to be silent.

It was also because the value of the Original Spiritual Embodiment was very high. Not only was its value high, but every high-quality Original Spiritual Embodiment represented contribution points in the Spiritual Race.

Otherwise, Carter would have died!

“Then look for it!” Lei Xiang waved his hand and retracted the lightning chain that was restraining Fisher. In his opinion, even if Fisher wanted to tamper with it, he had no chance in front of him.@@novelbin@@

Fisher, who had been untied, moved his body. While he was operating his communication device, he suddenly reached into his pocket and clenched the remaining three cards in his pocket into a fist. He casually threw them at Lei Xiang.

Lei Xiang glared. Lightning flashed in his vertical eye and instantly poured down from above Fisher’s head.

However, three javelin shadows appeared out of thin air and shot towards Lei Xiang.

Lei Xiang’s expression was indescribable. The power unleashed by this Origin Crystal ability seal card made by a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse only had the lethality of a Genetic Transmutation Realm.

One was not much of a threat to him.

Two would be enough to injure him.

Three of them might take his life.

“You’re courting death!” Lei Xiang was furious. A layer of lightning shield instantly surged out in front of it, but this layer of lightning shield was instantly shattered by a javelin shadow. However, with this gap, a large amount of lightning suddenly surged out of the strange beast-shaped pendant on Lei Xiang’s chest and protected him.

However, Lei Xiang did not notice that Carter, whose teeth had just been stepped on, was struggling to turn over. He chuckled at Fisher, who was convulsing from the lightning.

“I’m a f*cking noble. How can I be captured!” With a roar, a powerful mind power fluctuation instantly rose. A blazing earthen yellow light suddenly exploded in the arms of Carter, who was restrained by the lightning chain.

The moment it exploded, Carter instantly jumped up and crashed into Lei Xiang.

Boom!

Bang!

Explosions sounded one after another. Lightning and earth-yellow light exploded. At the same time, a rain of blood exploded!

Carter used his mind power to detonate the two life-saving cards. Blood rained down. Lei Xiang was covered in blood. Most of it was Carter’s blood. However, there was a fist-sized hole in Lei Xiang’s lower abdomen.

Under the impact of Carter’s self-destruction and the bombardment of Fisher’s three javelins, Lei Xiang’s life-saving methods could not block it and he was severely injured on the spot.

Bu Zheng from the Dissimilate Clan rushed over immediately. “Sir, I’ll treat you!”

Lei Xiang pursed his lips tightly and nodded slightly. However, he chuckled coldly. “What a f*cking surprise. There’s actually someone on this planet who can hurt me. It’s really…”

With a cold laugh, Lei Xiang suddenly stepped forward. His body, which was more than two meters tall, moved. He took a step forward and was about to step on Fisher’s head.

Fisher, who had been charred by the lightning, could only scream! He stomped his foot down. Before he crushed Fisher’s head, Lei Xiang’s foot tilted and stepped fiercely on Fisher’s shoulder. He broke Fisher’s shoulder bone and raised it.

The white broken bone was instantly poked out.

Fisher fainted on the spot.

“Treat him later too. Keep him alive. I want him alive! He’s tough enough. He can be considered a hero on the Blue Star! This time, I want to personally train the hero of the Blue Star like a dog! Train their hero to a dog!” Lei Xiang pointed at the unconscious Captain of the Eternal Special Forces, Fisher, and roared.

…

There were 82 people in the Eternal Special Force of the European Sector. Other than the 20 people from the two mine exploration teams sent out, the other 62 people, including Commander Fisher and Vice Captain Carter, had been wiped out.

Twenty people were captured!

This was especially so when the Eternal Special Forces mine exploration team collected the corpses of their teammates the next day. They found the last video on the personal communication device of the deceased and sent it to the public channels of the six major sectors.

The death battle between Fisher and Carter touched countless people. Some even cried.

However, what made everyone angry was Lei Xiang’s words—he wanted to train the Blue Star hero into a dog!

The members of the Worldly Special Force were also extremely angry when they saw the video sent by the surviving members of the Eternal Special Forces. Cui Xi’s eyes turned red!

The 40-odd corpses also made everyone’s hearts feel like a huge rock.

This was war!

Intergalactic war!

“F*ck their ancestors. Why would there be a traitor? Who betrayed the specific coordinates of the Eternal Special Forces? This is a f*cking species extermination war!” Cui Xi roared.

Traitor was just Xu Tui’s analysis. He could not discuss this matter publicly. Once it was announced publicly, it would cause panic among the special forces of the six alliances.

To be honest, Xu Tui could not stand many of the actions of the European Sector. The transaction at Base 14 had indirectly tricked them.

However, Xu Tui had always been sincere in reminding them to be careful of enemy attacks. He had reminded them many times!

However, the incident with the Eternal Special Forces reminded Xu Tui of something else. This was an intergalactic war.

The two sides of the war were the humans and the Spiritual Race!

The intensity of the war: Extinction!

“Commander, can we find this traitor by holding an emergency meeting between the higher-ups of the special forces and the participating regiments?” Zhao Hailong suddenly asked.

“Who can say for sure that there’s a traitor? Perhaps it’s the luck of Lei Xiang’s team?”

Zhao Hailong was instantly silent.

...

“We can’t do anything about the traitor for the time being. All we can do is continue with our plan.” As he spoke, Xu Tui projected the map. “Old Cui, release the news. The next auction of the alien strategic base will begin tonight.

“The trading area this time is placed here, the special forces who could rush here within two days would be able to participate in the auction. If they can’t make it in two days, don’t participate in the auction.” Xu Tui drew a location on the map.

Glancing at this location, Cui Xi said, “Based on this location, should our next target be Base 8 or Base 6? Isn’t the target too obvious this time?”

“There’s nothing obvious. If the enemy bites the bait, there’s no point in choosing between three or two. It would be even more meaningless if they don’t bite the bait,” Xu Tui said.

“Commander, can you accurately determine if the enemy is biting the bait? If we fail, the risk will be extremely high,” Yang Huai said.

Xu Tui glanced at Yang Huai. “No one is 100% sure.Everything is changing. Follow orders during wartime!”

“Yes!”

…

On the afternoon of the 36th day of the space invasion, when the atmosphere of all the special forces and battle teams was heavy, the Worldly Special Force once again issued a notice that the bidding for the next alien strategic base would begin.

They also gave the conditions for participating in the auction. They had to be able to reach the designated area within two days before they could participate in the auction.

The Worldly Special Force did not want to waste their time on their trading partners. Although it was affected by the sudden attack on the Eternal Special Forces, this auction was extremely intense.

...

This was because the destruction of the Eternal Special Forces indicated a very important problem—not only did the alien strategic base have huge benefits, but its defense function was also very powerful!

If the Eternal Special Forces had an alien strategic base, they would not have been destroyed so miserably.

The bidding was extremely intense that day.

The successful bidding of the special forces in the end also exceeded Xu Tui’s expectations.

It was actually the Heavenly Dao Special Forces!

Not long after the auction was successful, the notification from Tri Ling Ding sounded. “Boss, the colony used by Lei Xiang has appeared again!”