Chapter 831 - 831 My Life Is In Your Hand (2)

831 My Life Is In Your Hand (2)

Yan Lie’s words immediately made everyone unable to suppress their emotions.

This effect was too f*cking shocking!

Just based on this improvement, Yan Lie had become an outstanding assassin-type Extreme Branch cultivator and transformed into the top genetic newcomer with the most potential for cultivation.

The improvement was too great!

!!

It could even become the nemesis of some superhumans. Who wouldn’t be tempted? Even Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan were a little tempted. However, they only thought about it. They could not stand being looked at like that by Xu Tui.

“Commander, look at me. I won’t mind what you do to me.” Miao Huanshan was the first to run over.

“Alright, but you know about the relevant precautions, right?”@@novelbin@@

“I know. I’ve already handed my life over to you. Why would I be afraid of such a small spiritual hint?” Miao Huanshan said indifferently.

Training in the Supernatural Branch was a little more convenient than training in the Extreme Branch.

Xu Tui looked at Miao Huanshan a few minutes later. He even looked at several abilities in a row, but he did not discover anything like Yan Lie. However, when he saw Miao Huanshan’s last ability, the Quicksand Technique, Xu Tui saw two synapses on Miao Huanshan’s Quicksand Genetic Ability Chain.

One was in the spleen, and the other was in the lungs. It was very easy for Xu Tui to locate genetic base points that were not in his head.

“You can train like this. If you master these two points, your Quicksand Technique will probably be enhanced to a certain extent.”

“Thank you, Commander. Thank you, Commander.” Miao Huanshan thanked him.

Miao Huanshan had just left when Zhao Hailong sat in front of Xu Tui.

“Hailong, you want to try too?”

“Actually, I had some considerations and thoughts previously. However, Huanshan said just now that his life is in your hands. What’s there to be afraid of with a little spiritual hint? Not to mention an improvement like Yan Lie’s, even a little breakthrough is worth it,” Zhao Hailong said.

Actually, Xu Tui had always wanted to observe Zhao Hailong, or rather, observe the condition of the genetic ability chain in the body of a Genetic Evolution Realm. If he could completely see the strengthening level of the genetic ability chain in a Genetic Evolution Realm, Xu Tui would be more confident in his breakthrough.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui looked at the genetic ability chain in Zhao Hailong’s body and gained a basic understanding. He could not be sure if he had practiced it the wrong way, but the situation of the genetic ability chain was completely different from Zhao Hailong and the others.

There were only three level-three golden genetic ability chains in Zhao Hai’s body. Other than the main genetic ability chain that evolved being Level 3 golden, there were two genetic base points that were also Level 3 golden. The rest were Level 2 silver.

However, other than the golden chain, two-thirds of the genetic base points in the other two Level 3 genetic ability chains were Level 2 silver, and the remaining one-third were Level 1 white.

With this comparison, Xu Tui came to a conclusion. He understood how strong he was.

Although he had not broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm and the chain of his genetic ability chain was still Level 2 silver, his genetic base points were all Level 3 gold.

As for the situation of the other Genetic Evolution Realms, even if it was a Level 3 genetic ability chain, only one or two genetic base points were golden. There were even white Level 1 genetic base points.

Only one of those genetic ability chains had reached the peak, but Xu Tui had almost reached the peak of all of them.

“Hailong, I haven’t found any genetic base points that you can increase for the time being. However, according to my mental perception, your main battle genetic ability chains still have a lot of room for improvement,” Xu Tui said.

“A lot?”

“Yes, you can smash Origin Crystals to these main battle genetic ability chains without worry. When you cultivate them to the extreme, your combat strength might increase by two to three times,” Xu Tui said.

“Thank you!”

With such a clear cultivation direction, it was quite helpful to Zhao Hailong.

Xu Tui spent two hours looking at everyone except the three girls.

There were only three people who could find the cultivation synapses on the genetic ability chain: Yan Lie, Miao Huanshan, and Tao Guan. Although the others did not discover anything, they had found the key points of their cultivation and their shortcomings in their current strength.

According to their main genetic ability chain, he gave an earth-shattering method to use their attention to speed up the absorption of energy.

Although it was an unorthodox method, it could increase the speed at which their relevant genetic ability chains were strengthened by energy by one to two times or even faster!

Xu Tui had combined his various abilities and developed a simplified version of the Genetic Miracle Mind Concentration Strengthening Technique for them.

The other person besides the three girls was Murong!

“Don’t look at me. Even if you can make them break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm on the spot, I won’t let you look at me without holding back. My privacy is unparalleled!” Luo Murong rejected him firmly.

Xu Tui smiled. He admired Luo Murong’s persistence. He could not force himself on this matter. Just like Zhao Hailong. Xu Tui had some thoughts in his heart previously. He also wanted to see Zhao Hailong’s genetic ability chain, but it was not convenient for him to say it directly.

Now, he was the one who had delivered himself to Xu Tui’s door.

“Old Cui, come, it’s your turn. You’re the last one,” Xu Tui shouted.

However, Cui Xi did not come over immediately. Instead, he stayed in a corner for a few minutes before coming over. He seemed to be communicating with someone.

“Commander, Sha Yue from the Haotian Special Forces suddenly contacted me. They want to buy an alien strategic base!”

“Oh, they can’t sit still anymore?” Xu Tui laughed.

The backbone of the Worldly Special Force also gathered around. “Commander, how should I answer those people from Haotian if they want to buy it?” Cui Xi asked.

“Sure. We will definitely have to attack the alien base next. We can take it down and sell it to them,” Xu Tui said.

“What’s the price?” Cui Xi asked.

“In my opinion, even if we don’t want their 4,800 grams of Origin Crystals, we have to get 3,200 grams of Origin Crystals. When we sold Base 14 to the European Sector, they jumped the most.” Yan Lie was a little petty and held a grudge.

“4,800 is a little high. No matter what, it’s from the Huaxia Sector. Besides, it’s been 25 days. If we take it down and hand it over to them, it should take two to three days. 3,200 grams of Origin Crystals should be enough to teach them a lesson,” Zhao Hailong said.

Xu Tui looked at everyone and said, “I understand your thoughts. 3,200 grams is a more suitable price. However, I’ve made another discovery in the past few days and started to brew a huge plan. Therefore, I need to unite more people. Moreover, most importantly, Haotian is also from the Huaxia Sector. There’s no need for us to oppose each other.

“Old Cui, report to them according to Taiyi’s price. 2,200 grams. If it’s a matter of time, 2,000 is the base price,” Xu Tui said.

The people who had just been given a spiritual hint by Xu Tui could not wait to agree with Xu Tui.

A few minutes later, Cui Xi said, “Commander, they didn’t bargain. 2,200 grams. They only said that the ore refinement center must be intact.”

Xu Tui nodded and said, “Hurry up and cultivate. We’ll leave in four hours. We have to speed up our work!”