Chapter 833 - 833 Backup And Plan (1)

833 Backup and Plan (1)

It was very likely that Lei Xiang’s team would regard Base 10 and Base 12 as their next targets.

This was especially so for the actions of Lei Xiang at Base 14. This indirectly explained this possibility.

Lei Xiang did not fight head-on with the elites of the European Sector in Base 14. Instead, it weakened the power of the European Sector at the lowest price. At the same time, it destroyed the ore refinement center of Base 14 that was garrisoned in the European Sector.

To the humans of the Blue Star, once the ore refinement center of the alien strategic base was destroyed, this alien strategic base would not have much value.

If it was valuable, it was only because the buildings allowed them to live a more comfortable life.

This fighting style was very sneaky. It could be said that he had hit the weakness of the Blue Star humans.

“Now, we want to discuss a problem. If Lei Xiang’s team comes to attack Base 12 and Base 10, or even Base 9 that the Haotian Special Force is about to take over, no matter which one it is, is there a possibility of defending it?

“How much did we have to pay? If Lei Xiang’s goal was to destroy the ore refinement center like it attacked Base 14, should we protect the ore refinement center? Can we bear the huge price of protecting the Ore Refinement Center?”

Zhu Lang raised four very important questions. These four questions would determine the profits and losses of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team.

The profits can’t be little, the losses could not be too great either! These two directions were already in conflict. Now, it seemed to be time to make a choice.@@novelbin@@

The three special forces did not answer immediately. They were all considering this question and discussing it in private. The decision on this question was too important.

More than ten minutes later, Ruan Da from the Haotian Special Forces was the first to speak. “We have to protect the ore refinement center if we can. 10% or even 15% of the battle casualties were acceptable. As for after the battle casualties, you can explain to the Blue Star Genetic Committee when you get back. Such a battle situation should be within the super battle casualties regulations.”

“My thoughts are similar to Haotian’s. However, we have to try our best to reduce the casualties. We have to try our best to protect the ore refinement center,” Taiyi’s Li Shihua also expressed his stance.

Zhu Lang let out a soft sigh in the communication channel.

“The highest casualty loss is 15%. Commander Ruan, do you know the meaning of this number?” Xu Tui suddenly spoke. There was anger in his tone.

“Of course I do,” Ruan Da said.

“No, you don’t!”

“Bullshit!”

“Fifteen percent of the casualties is only a number. However, if it is implemented, it means that at least 19 members of the Haotian Special Force will die in battle. It’s equivalent to one out of every seven people in your Haotian Special Force dying in battle! Do you understand?” Xu Tui said angrily.

“I understand. Of course I understand! Xu Tui, let me tell you. This is the third time I’ve participated in the space invasion. I understand the pain of casualties better than you. You’re right. Casualties are not numbers. They are bloody lives. However, this was war. Do you understand?

“People will die in war! This is f*cking war!” Ruan Da counterattacked without backing down.

The commanders of the two special forces started arguing on the spot. Fortunately, this was a private communication channel. If it was on the public channel, just these few words would have caused everyone’s hearts to fluctuate.

“Alright, don’t be emotional. We’re having a meeting here because we’re all comrades. We’re here to solve the problem, not to quarrel.” Li Zhen stood up and mediated.

Ruan Da did not say anything, but Li Shihua spoke. “We can only find a balance between benefits and losses. Currently, as long as we made arrangements in advance, we could defend the ore refinement center and reduce the casualties to an acceptable level. Of course, that was just our opinion. Commander Xu, if you have a better idea, you can tell me.”

“That’s right. I’m not throwing a tantrum, nor am I ignoring life! War has always been like this. Of course, if you have a better solution, Xu Tui, there’s no problem,” Ruan Da said.

After three breaths of silence, Xu Tui suddenly said, “I have two solutions.”

“Speak!”

“First, gather our elite forces and wait for the opportunity to kill the main force of the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang’s team. That way, Lei Xiang’s team will not be much of a threat,” Xu Tui said.

“Can you confirm which of the three bases Lei Xiang’s team is going to attack?” Dai Yizhou asked. “What if we miss?”

Xu Tui was silent. This was also the biggest problem with this plan. They would suffer even greater losses if they missed. Or they could give up on the other two bases and defend one of them. However, the possibility of that was very low.

No one was willing to spit out the fatty meat that they had already eaten.

“Then give up on the ore refinement center.” Xu Tui suddenly said something that shocked everyone.

“Give up? We spent a lot of Origin Crystals to buy this ore refinement center. If we give up, are you going to make up for it for me?” Jian Dan of the Haotian Special Forces said angrily.

“Okay, I’ll make it up to you!”

This time, Xu Tui really shocked everyone.

“Xu Tui, are you serious?” Li Shihua asked.

“Xu Tui, don’t make any promises. This is a military meeting, not a game,” Zhu Lang reminded.

“I’m not making a casual promise. Give me thirty minutes to perfect my idea.”

This was also a thought that suddenly occurred to Xu Tui. Xu Tui knew very well that his idea was not complete. Therefore, he needed time to think. Everyone could afford to wait for 30 minutes.

Xu Tui quickly formulated his thoughts and preliminary plan. He handed one copy to Ah Huang, a high-level artificial intelligence, to calculate and reason for the loopholes. Logically speaking, a super quantum computer like Ah Huang was countless times stricter than humans. It would not make any logical or common sense mistakes.

Xu Tui took out the other plan and discussed it with Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, Yan Lie, and Luo Murong. He replenished and perfected the relevant plan and calculated the benefits and losses.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui spoke again on the private communication channel. Of course, his plan would not be released directly. The plan was filled with many variables. It needed to be adjusted step by step according to the actual situation.

“There are a few points in my plan. First, if Lei Xiang’s team attacks any of the three bases, my suggestion is that you prioritize preserving your strength. While preserving your strength, you should weaken Lei Xiang’s team. As for the ore refinement center, if Lei Xiang wants to attack it, you can give up.

“Secondly, if you give up on the ore refinement center, you don’t have to worry about losses. I’ll hand over a new alien strategic base to you within three to five days without any cost. I can solemnly promise you that if I can’t do it, I’ll return the cost of buying the Origin Crystals in the base. However, I have a prerequisite for making this promise,” Xu Tui said.

“Speak.”

“I have a plan. When the time comes, we will need to mobilize your elite forces. The number we can mobilize will definitely not exceed half of your current strength. But I want absolute command! As long as you give me absolute command, I can guarantee that the casualties will be less than 10% or even lower,” Xu Tui said.

“What’s the specific plan?” Ruan Da asked.

“I can’t say it for the time being, but I guarantee that as long as there’s a battle, the members of our Worldly Special Force, including me, will definitely rush to the frontline. However, at the same time, Worldly wants to monopolize 50% of the profits obtained from the battle,” Xu Tui said.

“I agree.” Li Shihua was the first to express his stance.

“I agree.”

It could guarantee profits and reduce losses. Why did Ruan Da not agree to such a plan? As for the Worldly Special Force wanting to monopolize half of the profits, that was very normal. Just the fact that the regiment commander was on the frontlines was enough.

“I agree in principle. However, I have to have all the right to know during the operation. This is my responsibility and must!” Zhu Lang said.

“Okay!”

…

...

Due to the fact that they had reached a deal in advance, the Haotian Special Forces arrived at Base 9 on the afternoon of the 28th day.

Due to the results of the previous meeting, the transaction went smoothly even though the ore refinement center of Base 14 was destroyed.

This was also one of the fundamental reasons why Xu Tui had taken the initiative to propose a backup plan during the previous military meeting.

If the various special forces were to be afraid of the surprise attack of the Lei Xiang’s team and were afraid that they would launch a destructive attack on the ore refinement center of the alien strategic base that they had traded, the value of the base that Xu Tui and the others would take down would be greatly reduced.

It would even become less popular!

He had taken the initiative to suggest that if the ore refinement center was destroyed, he would compensate the new alien strategic base. In essence, Xu Tui was protecting the benefits of himself and the Worldly Special Force.

Don’t forget, the future profits of the base that was traded were 20% of the profits for the Worldly Special Force.

How could the efficiency of earning money alone compare to the efficiency of countless people earning money for themselves? As for the additional conditions, they were another plan that Xu Tui had come up with to protect his interests.

Otherwise, he would be too passive!

However, whether or not he could succeed depended on his next actions.

On the 29th day of the space invasion, just as a glimmer of light appeared on the horizon, the members of the Worldly Special Forces, who had been cultivating all night, boarded four triangular flying saucers and set off.

...

Everything had been handed over clearly.

A portion of the captured resources were temporarily stored with the Haotian Special Forces.

As for the 2,200 grams of Origin Crystals he obtained from the exchange, they were distributed last night.

It was still the same distribution ratio as before. Xu Tui took 365 grams, while the others took 183 grams each.

At this point, including the income from trading Base 10 and selling the map, the number of Origin Crystals in Xu Tui’s possession was close to 1,100 grams.

Xu Tui was confident that he could strengthen all the genetic base points in his body, other than the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain, to Level 3 gold within a few days. Including the 72 genetic base points of the Great Genetic Ability Chain, he could also strengthen them all to Level 3 gold.

Xu Tui estimated that his mind power should increase by at least 20%.

With Xu Tui’s current mind power base, an increase of 20% was still very shocking.

“Old Cui, contact the Slavic and Warhammer Special Forces in the Russian Federation and ask them to gather at this location. We will reach a deal in the shortest time possible.” Xu Tui drew a point on the map.

“Alright, Commander.”

Along the way, other than the guards, everyone else who could cultivate was cultivating.

Xu Tui was cultivating the entire time. He consumed Origin Crystals at an astonishing speed. After all, he had almost 1,100 grams of Origin Crystals in his hand. It would be a waste if he did not convert them into strength.

Their target was Base 17, which was diagonal to Base 8.

After flying for ten hours and traveling 5,000 kilometers, Xu Tui took advantage of the time when the humanoid lifeforms were training in Base 17 to bring Yan Lie along for the preparatory work.

On the 30th day of the space invasion, they conducted reconnaissance in the morning and launched a surprise attack in the afternoon while the humanoid lifeforms of Base 17 were out.

In less than four minutes, they had taken down Base 17!

They obtained 249 grams of Origin Crystals, 2,600 metal ingots, and a spiritual box. Everything else was as usual.

Cui Xi immediately informed the Slavic Special Force of the Russian Federation to rush over to trade.

On the morning of the 31st day of the space invasion, Xu Tui, who was resting, was suddenly woken up by Tri Ling Ding.

“Boss, that colonial body is moving again!”