Chapter 839 - 839 Who Surprises Who?

839 Who Surprises Who?

“Sir, Black Hole has sent another message. They said that the Worldly Special Force are auctioning off another resource base and have designated a gathering location. Only special forces or battle teams who could reach the designated location within two days could participate in the auction. According to the analysis of this location, their next target is either Base 8 or Base 6.” Yin Zhou took the initiative to contact Lei Xiang outside. Of course, he had to congratulate Lei Xiang for his contribution.

“Have the teams transporting the captives set off?” Lei Xiang asked instead of answering.

“Sir, they’ve already set off. They should be able to reach your location in a few hours,” Yin Zhou said.

“Black Hole’s information is very accurate! I’ll accept this allegiance!” Lei Xiang licked his lips and said slowly.

“Then you mean that we’re going to take action?”

“The pace of the Worldly Special Force has clearly increased. At this rate, they will probably be able to take down all of the resource bases of Extreme Wind Number Seven in less than a month. What do you think the forward operating base will think of me? At that time, what kind of pressure will my uncle bear?” Lei Xiang said.

It would be a great thing if all of the resource bases on the resource planet were taken down. It was a great thing for Yin Zhou, the commander-in-chief of the Extreme Wind Number Seven. Under such circumstances, not only would it not be a crime of war, but the focus of the responsibility would also fall on Lei Xiang that was supporting Extreme Wind Number Seven.

At that time, even if Lei Xiang could destroy the Worldly Special Force, it would still be useless. Moreover, the labels of trash and incompetence would definitely land on Lei Xiang.

Under such circumstances, he, Yin Zhou, would be able to escape.

Of course, Yin Zhou only thought about this. He did not dare to say it out loud. Before this, Yin Zhou had actually had similar thoughts. However, they had always been hidden in the depths of his heart.

However, at this moment, Lei Xiang had pointed out this problem. This meant that the possibility of him escaping by completely magnifying the situation was gone!

“Then Sir, do you mean to destroy the Worldly Special Force?” Yin Zhou asked.

“I accept Black Hole’s allegiance. His information is very credible. However, it’s hard to say if anyone has set a trap for us in this matter,” Lei Xiang analyzed.

Yin Zhou was a little confused. He had not turned his head around. “Sir, what do you mean?”

“You need to help me do two things well. That’s very important,” Lei Xiang said.

“Please instruct me, Sir.”

“First, try your best to mobilize the power of the satellite to investigate the situation around Base 8 and Base 6. See if there are any large-scale gathering teams of the Blue Star humans,” Lei Xiang said.

“No problem.

“Secondly, manpower. I want you to help me mobilize a large number of core battle forces.”

The core main battle force that Lei Xiang was talking about was naturally the Mechanical Spirit of the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Hearing this, Yin Zhou revealed a troubled expression. “Sir, I don’t have many core battle forces on my side. If I take them away, the defense will…”

“Idiot, even if you don’t take it away, the bases targeted by the Worldly Special Force would be destroyed no matter what. Which base could be defended?” Lei Xiang scolded.

Yin Zhou was stunned. That made sense.

“I understand. Don’t worry, Sir. I’ll mobilize as many core battle forces as possible. I’ll also participate in the battle personally. However, please put in a good word for me when the time comes. I’m really…” Yin Zhou smiled bitterly.

“Don’t worry. As long as I make contributions, your punishment will be up to my uncle. You can transfer some of your forces to me, but you don’t have to participate in the battle. You have to guard Base 1 and coordinate the overall situation. At the same time, you have to guard that place,” Lei Xiang said.

After a few seconds of silence, Yin Zhou replied, “Understood!”

…

Lei Xiang’s team had suffered a slight loss when they attacked the Eternal Special Forces of the European Sector. Moreover, there were captives.

Therefore, after the communication ended, there were no signs of Lei Xiang’s team moving. The life fluctuations of the colonies that Lei Xiang used to communicate could only last for about 15 minutes.

There was no movement from Lei Xiang’s team. Xu Tui was not in a hurry.

On the 37th day of the space invasion, Xu Tui first rushed to Base 6. After surveying the terrain, he began the preparatory work for attacking Base 6.

90% of the genetic base points in Xu Tui’s body were strengthened to Level 3 gold, and his strength was also increased in all aspects. This was especially so since all the genetic base points on the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain had been strengthened to Level 3 gold. It increased Xu Tui’s mind power by about 20%.

Mind power was the foundation of all superpowers. Once it was greatly enhanced, it would have a huge impact on the power of superpowers.

The most obvious thing was that Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance, advanced hypnosis and spiritual concealment had become much stronger. Putting aside his experience, Xu Tui felt that his abilities in the School of Radiation Influence had very likely surpassed Professor Song Zhenglin.

The preliminary preparations were more than twice as easy as before. It only took a day to complete them.

“Commander, what if Lei Xiang doesn’t bite the bait?” At night, the main members of the Worldly Special Force were a little worried.

“Don’t worry, he’ll definitely bite the bait!”

Xu Tui, whose plan was gradually becoming clearer and more perfect, was extremely confident.

On the morning of the 38th day, Xu Tui easily took down Base 6 with his men. At noon, he released the notice to bid for the next alien strategic base. They also specified an area. Only special forces who could reach this area within two days could participate in the auction.

Almost as soon as the auction ended, the colony used by Lei Xiang for communication regained their vitality.

Clearly, Lei Xiang was communicating.

“Lord Lei Xiang, the pace of the Worldly Special Force has increased again! At this rate, I’m afraid all the bases will be breached,” Yin Zhou said.

“How’s the transfer of your forces?”

“Currently, 11 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts have gathered.”

“That’s enough! Give me the contact information and the latest information from Black Hole. Next, I’ll personally command them,” Lei Xiang said.

…

Lei Xiang’s communication this time gave Xu Tui a pleasant surprise. This was because the location of Lei Xiang’s communication had changed.

Previously, he was near Base 26. Now, he was near Base 16. From afar, Lei Xiang’s team was running for thousands of miles again.

After reminding the special forces in the surrounding bases to strengthen their defenses, Xu Tui began to make private contacts one by one. The first one he contacted was the Haotian Special Forces.

“Giving us another alien strategic base with no Origin Crystals. Are you serious?”

“Of course!”

“Alright, you can arrange it!”

…

On the evening of the 39th day of the space invasion, the life aura of Lei Xiang’s communication colony appeared again. This time, it was near Base 6.

...

Base 6 was the closest to the targeted bases 5 and 4 that Xu Tui had spread out previously.

“Commander Zhu, have the people from the Africa Sector arrived at their predetermined locations?” Xu Tui looked at the locations of Lei Xiang and the others and suddenly contacted Zhu Lang.

“It’s already in place and is moving towards Base 5. It has been confirmed.”

“How many people did they get?”

“There are 150 people. The team is quite large.”

“Alright, Commander Zhu, please inform the various special forces one by one and get their teams to gather at this point.”

“Alright.”

The distance between Base 6 and Base 5 was 1,600 kilometers. Under normal circumstances, they would need four to six hours to travel. However, the Worldly Special Force did not rush to the vicinity of Base 5 to set up a temporary shelter for the night. Instead, they dug a hole in a place that was not suitable for the night.

At night, Lei Xiang’s team did not rush to Base 5. They were also searching for a camp in the wilderness to rest.

After obtaining a resting cave, Lei Xiang took the initiative to contact Yin Zhou again. “Where’s your team?”

“Sir, my team has already entered Base 5 at noon today,” Yin Zhou said.

...

“That’s good. Did the satellite find anything concrete?”

“We did find many teams setting off for Base 5. Their number is estimated to be more than 100. According to the locations we found, they should be close by noon tomorrow. According to the combat habits of the Worldly Special Force, it’s very likely that they will launch a surprise attack in the afternoon tomorrow!” Yin Zhou said.

“Very good. Then tomorrow, we’ll teach the Blue Star Humans and the Worldly Special Force a lesson. We’ll show them what a Spiritual Race is!” Lei Xiang said.

“What’s your plan, Sir?” Yin Zhou was curious.

“Since they’ve moved their main force to the vicinity of Base 5, the best surprise is to ambush them!” After saying that, Lei Xiang shouted, “Tomorrow morning, send a transport ship to the vicinity to wait for orders. I’ll hand the captives over to you immediately. My team doesn’t have time to wait!”

“Don’t worry, Sir.”

…

“Is the location here?”

Xu Tui looked at the flashing spots of light on the surface of Tri Ling Ding. He compared them to the map projection and drew a small circle on the map. The circle was less than 20 kilometers wide.

At such a close distance, Tri Ling Ding’s perception of the aura and location of the colony became more accurate.

“Ah Huang, compare the map data and mark out this terrain that is suitable for spending the night.”

“Alright.”

“How’s the environment outside?”

“Commander, the temperature outside has dropped to minus 60 degrees, and the wind speed has reached about level nine. In another hour at most, the environment outside will be extremely harsh. It’s no longer suitable for any living beings to move,” the vigilant Tao Guan said. “We can’t move after an hour.”

“How long will it be before we can act in a harsh environment?” Xu Tui asked.

“Commander, according to the changes in the weather data collected in the past 39 days, the harsh environment is expected to reach its peak in an hour. The temperature is expected to rise from ultra-low temperatures in two hours, and the wind speed will slow down. If we want to act, the temperature has to return to minus 50 degrees and the wind speed is below level eight. It’s estimated to be five hours later,” Zhao Hailong replied.@@novelbin@@

“Five hours later. There should be four hours before dawn, right?”

“Yes, Commander.”

“Alright, rest and conserve your energy. Get ready to attack in four and a half hours.” Xu Tui’s orders were very direct.

Three and a half hours later, while the other members were still resting, Xu Tui had already quietly sat up and started to contact Zhu Lang, Li Shihua, and Ruan Da.

As there was an agreement, everything went smoothly.

Another hour and a half later, when the temperature in the outside world returned to minus 50 degrees and the wind speed decreased to Level 8, the members of the Worldly Special Force had already boarded the triangular flying saucer and were quickly rushing to the designated area.

At this moment, there were still four hours before dawn.

Half an hour later, the voice of Tri Ling Ding suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Boss, I sense the life force of the Ling Clan ahead on the left. It’s very weak. It’s almost in a dormant state.”

Xu Tui gave the order to land the moment he received the notification from Tri Ling Ding.

“All hands on foot. The enemy might be within ten kilometers.”

Following the instructions of Tri Ling Ding, Xu Tui and the others walked for about ten kilometers. Xu Tui, who was standing in the cold wind, stared at a small valley in front of him. His gaze shifted slightly.

He had found the camp of Lei Xiang!