Chapter 836 - 836 Proof Of Allegiance

836 Proof of Allegiance

“Lord Lei Xiang, Black Hole has given us the latest information. It says that the Worldly Special Force might attack Base 8 and Base 20.” In the routine communication, Yin Zhou reported the latest progress to Lei Xiang.

“So fast? Is it accurate?” Lei Xiang instinctively doubted.

“The original information that Black Hole gave me is that the Worldly Special Force will begin to auction off the trading rights of the next base. The starting price is 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Every increase in the bid is 50 grams. The highest will win it.

“After the auction was successful, a resource base would be delivered within 40 hours. The human special forces or battle teams who successfully bid have to rush to their designated area to complete the transaction within 40 hours,” Yin Zhou said.

!!

“Where is the designated trading area?”

“The area between Base 8 and Base 20. It is eight to 12 hours away from this base. Other than the time when it was impossible to pass at night, we can basically determine that the next target of the Worldly Special Force will be Base 8 and Base 20,” Yin Zhou said.

“What do you think?” Lei Xiang asked.

“There’s a 50% chance that we can block the Worldly Special Force and annihilate them. At that time, we should be able to find the loophole in our defense base. Not only that, but there will also be a large amount of loot,” Yin Zhou said.

“A large amount of loot?”

“According to the information provided by Black Hole, the Worldly Special Force have been selling every resource base they took down in the past 30 days. So far, they have sold six bases. The Origin Crystals they got from the sales were at least 10,000 grams. Most importantly, the Worldly Special Force has six spiritual boxes!” Yin Zhou said.

Yin Zhou’s last sentence made Lei Xiang’s eyes light up.

10,000 grams of Origin Crystals was very tempting. Even in the Spiritual Race, it was a huge sum of money. He, Lei Xiang, had no problem taking half.

He would definitely make a killing. However, even 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals could not compare to the value of six spiritual boxes.

“Yin Zhou, I remember that according to the combat rules of the forward operating base, if I chase after the six spiritual boxes now, these six spiritual boxes will be my spoils of war. I can keep at least a third of these spoils of war, right?” Lei Xiang suddenly said.

“That’s true…” Yin Zhou felt a little helpless. This time, he had taken the blame. If he did not have any outstanding battle results in the future, he would probably have to go to the Thunder Prison with his current losses.

He hoped that Lei Xiang would take action quickly and destroy the Worldly Special Force that could break through their resource base. Not only would it stop the losses, but it would also be able to salvage the situation.

If he could get Lei Xiang to put in a good word for him, he might be able to escape.

“This result looks really tempting! Do you think it’s bait?” The sudden change in Lei Xiang stunned Yin Zhou.

Yin Zhou really wanted to go against his conscience and say that it could not be bait. However, there was indeed a possibility of bait.

Lei Xiang was not a fool. It was not something that he could fool with just a few words.

“Sir, the results of the battle are not bait. The number of Origin Crystals was given by Black Hole, but only we know the value of the spiritual box. However, it’s hard to say if the information provided by the Worldly Special Force or Black Hole contains any bait.”

Although the intelligence of the Mechanical Spirits was generally lower, Yin Zhou was still smart enough to be appointed as the commander-in-chief of the resource planet.

“The Worldly Special Force were selling the base they took down for Origin Crystals from the beginning?” Lei Xiang asked.

“It’s always been like this in the information provided by Black Hole! The Worldly Special Force seems to be extremely greedy!”

“Greed is correct. Greed is the driving force behind all actions. If the information from Black Hole does not contain any lies, then the auction of the resource base of the Worldly Special Force is most likely true. Only by auctioning it could it be sold for the highest price. We also play this often.” Lei Xiang smiled.

“In that case, we have to confirm if the information provided by Black Hole is true?”

“No, what we have to confirm now is whether Black Hole is sincere or not. We have to confirm if Black Hole has really betrayed the Blue Star humans or if it is a spy that the Blue Star humans sent into our side in the name of betrayal,” Lei Xiang said.

“Then what do you think, Sir?”

“The language of the Blue Star is very similar to the language of our Spiritual Race. It can be said to be profound. There are three words that I like very much.”

“Which three words do you like the most, Sir?”

“Proof of allegiance!” Lei Xiang sneered. “If he wants to obtain our basic trust, he has to do something. Besides, I’ve been here for so long. I need some battle results, right? Only by using blood and heads to accumulate battle merits can it last forever!”

“I understand. I’ll contact Black Hole now.”

“Yes, tell him that after obtaining our basic trust, we can satisfy one of the transaction needs he mentioned previously!” Lei Xiang said.

…

On the morning of the 35th day, Xu Tui took down Base 20. In the evening, he traded it to the Africa Sector’s battle team that successfully bid for the base. They were quite rich. They bought the base with 2,400 grams and 10% of the profits. They also successfully reached a deal with the Worldly Special Force in the evening.

When the news spread, the public communication channels of the six major sectors were all cheering. In the command channels of the various combat regiments and special forces of the six major alliances, many special forces instantly called Xu Tui’s name.

They only had one topic to ask: When would the next bidding for the alien strategic base begin?

Their enthusiasm could be said to be high.

Xu Tui did not avoid the topic. “I haven’t chosen a target yet. We’ll auction at noon tomorrow after I choose my target.”

Xu Tui was very enthusiastic about earning Origin Crystals. Of course, he was more motivated to implement the plan. However, just as they were discussing something in the command channel of the six sectors, a terrified and angry roar suddenly sounded.

“Attacked! Our Eternal Special Forces have been attacked. Nearby teams, please reinforce! It’s the team of the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang! We’re at the coordinates… Requesting reinforcements…”

The person who shouted was the commander of the Eternal Special Force of the European Sector, Fisher. Before he could finish shouting, roars, sounds of air being torn apart, and screams came from the command channel of the six alliances. It was a mess.

It could be seen how intense the battle was.

“Who has a combat team at the location of the Eternal Special Forces incident?” Danrick, the captain of the American Sector’s Freedom Special Forces, asked.

“We have a combat team near that coordinate, but it’s 500 kilometers away from that coordinate. It will take at least 50 minutes to get there,” the commander of the India Sector’s Indrat Battle Group, Larriwang, replied.

“The Eternal Special Force is finished!” Orona, the commander of the Slavic Special Force, sighed.

“Are we being targeted by Lei Xiang of the Spiritual Race? All units, take a look. Is there any possibility of reinforcements?” Zhu Lang said.

The atmosphere in the command channel of the six sectors became extremely heavy. Fisher’s communication channel was not turned off. From time to time, angry roars and screams could be heard.

“Those who can rush over to the rescue in ten minutes, we’ll pay 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals.” The commander of the European Sector’s battle team, Clade, was anxious.

The European Sector had suffered considerable losses in this space invasion. They had originally wanted to make up for it with benefits. However, the ore refinement center had been destroyed by Lei Xiang of the Spiritual Race a few days ago.

Now, the Eternal Special Forces, one of the three special forces of the European Sector, had been targeted by the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang.

This was more fatal!

Due to the distribution of benefits, the Eternal Special Forces had not entered Base 14 and were working hard outside. Without a base to rely on for defense, a temporary shelter in the wilderness had no defense at all.

They were facing the surprise attack of at least seven Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. Once they could not organize an effective defense and were attacked by Lei Xiang’s team, it would become a massacre.

...

If anything went wrong, the Eternal Special Forces would really be removed! Once that happened, the losses of the European Sector this time would be as high as the sky.

In the command channel of the six major sectors, no one responded even though the European Sector had raised a bounty of 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

“2,000 grams of Origin Crystals. As long as you can rush over to the rescue in ten minutes, we’ll pay 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals!” Clade was about to vomit blood.

No one could save him! They wanted to save him, but it was too far away!

There was continued silence in the command channel of the six sectors.

Most of them wanted to save them, but because of the time and distance, they did not have the chance. Moreover, even if there were special forces from other sectors nearby, they would probably measure their strength first.

If they did not have powerful strength, they would not have saved them even if they had time.

2,000 grams of Origin Crystals was valuable, but life was more important! Going forward now was no different from sending himself to his death.

“It’s not that we don’t want to save them, but we don’t have enough time…” Larriwang, who had spoken just now, said helplessly.

“Ah!” Clade, the commander of the European Sector’s battle team, let out an extremely helpless roar.

In Base 20, Xu Tui frowned.

...

Lei Xiang’s team moved, but they surprisingly attacked the Eternal Special Force of the European Sector.

Previously, the few surprise attacks by the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang’s team were mainly because the Blue Star humans had a base to rely on for defense, so their losses were very small.

The buildings of the Mechanical Spirit Race were built extremely firmly to resist the ultra-low temperature and violent winds on the resource planet.

However, this time, the Eternal Special Forces of the European Sector were ambushed in the wilderness. Their losses would probably be very tragic.

As for the rescue.

Xu Tui was not nearby. He did not know what his choice would be. However, Xu Tui could tell from the coordinates of the attack on the Eternal Special Forces that two combat teams that hold colonies of Tri Ling Ding were very close to those coordinates.

However, they had no intention of rescuing them.@@novelbin@@

Not to mention getting close, at this moment, the two clusters of the colonies were far away from the location where the Eternal Special Forces had been attacked.

They were avoiding danger!

Xu Tui could not evaluate this. Whether or not they could save them was also very important. After all, if they were not strong enough, they would be sending themselves to their deaths.

There was just one problem. It was terrifying.

How did Lei Xiang manage to lock onto the location of the Eternal Special Forces?

Previously, Lei Xiang of the Spiritual Race had been active around Base 15. This time, he had crossed 9,000 kilometers and launched a surprise attack on the Eternal Special Forces near Base 26.

The trip itself had taken more than a day! This information was terrifyingly accurate!

It had to be known that the various special forces, especially those without a base to rely on, were extremely careful. Not only was the temporary shelter that was stationed hidden, but it had to be replaced every few days to prevent a surprise attack.

This kind of situation was very rare in past space invasion battles.

However, this time, the Eternal Special Forces had been accurately ambushed.

Of course, only Xu Tui had discovered this.

This was because the others did not understand the change in the location of Lei Xiang’s team. They did not know that they had run 9,000 kilometers and launched a precise surprise attack.

Xu Tui had a general understanding of the situation.

If the Spiritual Race or the Mechanical Spirit Race had not been lucky enough to discover the location of the Eternal Special Forces, there was only one possibility for this matter—a traitor had provided the Spiritual Race with the location of the Eternal Special Forces.

So, who was the traitor?