Chapter 832 - 832 A Huge Loss For The European Sector

832 A Huge Loss for the European Sector

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of crisis.

The source of the sense of crisis was Lei Xiang’s surprise attack team.

Previously, Xu Tui could roughly determine the location of Lei Xiang’s team because of Tri Ling Ding. He was not afraid of knowing, but he was afraid of not knowing.

Previously, Xu Tui had been very at ease because he roughly knew the location of Lei Xiang’s team. They were still at Base 15.

Currently, on the entire resource planet, the only team that could pose a threat to the Worldly Special Force was Lei Xiang’s team.

However, Xu Tui did not have any information about Lei Xiang’s team since five days ago. In other words, Lei Xiang’s team had not used the Ling Clan’s colony to communicate for five consecutive days.

During this period, no other teams or bases were ambushed by experts.

This made Xu Tui feel inexplicably uneasy.

Xu Tui did not doubt it at all if Lei Xiang’s team quietly arrived in front of them. Five days was enough time for them to complete the move.

Xu Tui was worried because he understood what he had done. He had succeeded three times in a row in what the other special forces could not do. The possibility of him being targeted was very high.

As for capturing a captive, with the strength of Lei Xiang’s team, it would be easy to destroy a certain special force and capture one or two of them alive.

Although they might not be able to find out the truth about the Worldly Special Force by taking a random captive, it would not be a problem for them to know.

The news that the Worldly Special Force had attacked three strategic bases in a row had already spread.

On the way out of Base 10, Cui Xi, who was now in charge of external affairs, received a message from the Slavic Special Force in the Russian Federation. They also wanted to buy an alien strategic base.

There was no way to investigate how the news spread. Too many people knew. However, the transaction request of the Slavic Special Force in the Russian Federation made Xu Tui see danger.

The special forces of the other sectors were already about to trade for the alien strategic base from Xu Tui. The alien invaders must have noticed it.

Even if they did not, it would be soon!

Therefore, Xu Tui wanted to move. It did not matter if anyone was targeting Xu Tui. As long as he moved, the enemy would definitely move.

That night, Xu Tui sent a reminder to Zhu Lang from Base 12 and Li Shihua from Base 10. He reminded them to tighten their defenses and increase their vigilance.

As for the European Sector of Base 14, they deserved it if they were not vigilant.

Xu Tui’s next target was Base 9.

This time, Xu Tui had clearly sped up his progress.

On the evening of the 25th day of the space invasion, they arrived near Base 9. On the 26th day, Xu Tui and Yan Lie went to scout twice in the morning and afternoon to prepare.

On the morning of the 27th day, Xu Tui continued his reconnaissance. In the afternoon, the Worldly Special Force, which had completed their initial preparations, attacked again.

This surprise attack on Base 9 could be said to be perfect.

Cui Xi, who was still extremely “charming”, appeared. When the iron rod struck the energy barrier, the dozen or so mechanical spirits monitoring the humanoid lifeforms rushed out of the energy barrier and charged at Cui Xi.

Even though they had watched it four times, the members of the Worldly Special Force were still very mystified by this.

Cui Xi’s temptation was completely abnormal and illogical! It was too demonic!

Even though they knew that this was definitely because of Xu Tui’s preparatory work, they were still extremely curious.

The screams of the humanoid lifeforms instantly caused a mess in Base 9. The first reaction of the commander of Base 9 was still to gather humanoid lives. However, as soon as the order was given, the commander realized something. When he wanted to contact the main base immediately, Yan Lie instantly appeared in front of the commander.

He took it down in four minutes!

Yan Lie and Yang Huai were slightly injured, and the others were not injured.

In other aspects, the situation was similar to that of Base 10.

Before its computing power reached a large extent, Ah Huang could only obtain some control. It could not completely control the command center of Base 9. In the end, it could only destroy it violently.

The security measures between the bases on the resource planet were too tight. They were verifying the data every minute. If they did not match, a series of automatic programs would immediately be activated.

No matter how fast Xu Tui’s surprise attack was, it was useless.

The gains from Base 9 were similar to those from Base 10. The Origin Crystals were 271 grams. Only the metal ingots from the ore refinement center were as high as 2,300.

The main reason was that ever since Xu Tui had broken into Base 12, the main base had issued an order to the various bases to stop transporting metal ingots.

This was to prevent the transport team from being ambushed by the invading Blue Star humans.

So, Xu Tui had benefited a little.

In addition, Xu Tui also obtained a spiritual box from Base 9.

So far, Xu Tui had four spiritual boxes in his hands.

Everything was the same as before. After taking down Base 9, all of them retreated to the cultivation hall on the first basement level to cultivate and defend since there were not many people in the Worldly Special Force.

As for the outer guards, they were handed over to Ah Huang and Mu Xingluan.

Mu Xingluan had improved greatly over the past few days, especially since her combat range had increased again. It allowed her other plant, the Silver Silk Vine, to be put into actual combat on the resource planet.@@novelbin@@

After this plant was controlled and accelerated by the Mu Xingluan, it could grow an extremely thin net-like vine. Just as it grew into a translucent state, it would fuse with the environment.

Once it was touched, Mu Xingluan would immediately sense it.

However, the Silver Silk Vine was still unable to resist the worst nighttime environment on the resource planet. Still, even in the worst environment, the seeds could survive.

There was not much point in setting up such Silver Silk Vines in the wilderness. However, the various tunnels and possible entrances of the building in Base 9 were already covered in silver vines that were difficult to see with the naked eye.

Xu Tui had tried it before. Even if he used his mental perception, he had to observe carefully to discover the Silver Silk Vine.

Moreover, even if they discovered the Silver Silk Vine, because there were no energy fluctuations on it, they would only think that it was something like a spider web or a plant silk and would not be alert.

Even if they were alert, there was nothing they could do. If they wanted to pass, they had to destroy it.

The warning function was extremely powerful.

On the morning of the 28th day, just as the sun rose, the Ling Clan’s colony that had not appeared for five consecutive days, which represented the location of Lei Xiang, suddenly appeared again.

...

The location where he appeared was very close to Base 14. The estimated distance was about 400 kilometers. Even if he tried his best to enlarge the surface of Tri Ling Ding, it was still too small. There was an error in this estimate.

However, Lei Xiang and the others must be using this Ling Clan’s colony to communicate in the wilderness.

After all, the nearby bases had already been occupied by the Blue Star humans. They no longer had the Internet to cover them.

This instantly made Xu Tui extremely vigilant.

This might very well mean that Lei Xiang’s team, which was purely composed of Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, had already found their target and was about to take action again.

Last time, they had suffered a loss from the money attack. This time, they would be more prepared.

No matter which base they targeted, either side would probably have to pay a high price.

Xu Tui thought about it and wanted to use the name of the new Base 9 to remind Zhu Lang, Li Shihua, and the others to be extremely vigilant against the surprise attack of Lei Xiang’s team.

However, Xu Tui had just thought of these excuses. Before he could send the message, Zhu Lang pulled him, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and the other vice-captains into a private communication channel.

“The latest news is that at dawn, Base 14, which was occupied by the European Sector, was attacked again by the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang’s team. The entire battle lasted only two minutes. Fourteen people died in the European Sector and more than a hundred were severely injured. Two corpses were left behind by the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang’s team,” Zhu Lang said.

“Two more Genetic Transmutation Realm experts from the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang’s team died in battle? If that’s the case, there are only four Genetic Transmutation Realm experts in Lei Xiang’s team. The surprise attack team of only four Genetic Transmutation Realm experts is already within the range of what we can deal with, right?” Dai Yizhou analyzed.

...

“No! The two corpses left behind belong to two Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Evolution Realm. According to the latest information, the team of the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang has gathered reinforcements. They might have grown stronger. The team that attacked Base 14 this time is seven Genetic Transmutation Realm experts and 35 Genetic Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits,” Zhu Lang said.

From the intelligence, the team of the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang had only added one Genetic Transmutation Realm and 35 Genetic Evolution Realms. This increase was very normal if one looked at the distribution of power of the Mechanical Spirit Race on the entire resource planet.

After all, the Mechanical Spirit Race could not extract too much power. However, there were seven Genetic Transmutation Realm experts and 35 Genetic Evolution Realm experts. Such a team had extremely shocking combat strength and posed a huge threat.

“To be honest, 14 people died in the European Sector and two were left behind. It should be a very good battle record,” Xu Tui said.

“In terms of results, the European Sector has displayed their strength in this battle. However, the European Sector has suffered extremely heavy losses!” Li Zhen said.

“Fourteen more people died in battle. Their losses in this battle this year are indeed a little high,” Sha Yue said.

“It’s not about the battle casualties. It’s about the losses!”

Xu Tui, who was communicating, raised his eyebrows. He suddenly realized that something was wrong. “Losses? Does the Spiritual Race have other targets?”

“That’s right. The Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang launched a blitzkrieg attack on Base 14. The people from the European Sector thought that they were launching a surprise attack, so they adopted a defensive stance.

“However, they did not expect that the target of Lei Xiang’s team was the ore refinement center of Base 14.

“Once the ore refinement center was destroyed, even in the Moon base, where our technology was at the forefront and the most powerful, it would take a long time to repair it. It was impossible to repair it on this resource planet.

“This time, the European Sector suffered a huge loss,” Zhu Lang said.

“It’s said that Clade and Gerning from the European Sector have gone berserk. Many of them died in battle previously. At the very least, they still have a large amount of resources. But now, the resources are suddenly gone,” Li Zhen said.

“In more than 20 days, not only did they recover their capital, but they also earned a lot. It’s just that they died a little too much in battle,” Li Shihua said.

“That’s true, but humans will feel bored after eating meat and dry rations. Previously, a large number of raw ores were refined into metal ingots. Now that they are mined and transported, I’m afraid…” Li Zhen said.

“I didn’t expect the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang to be so vengeful.”

Dai Yizhou’s unintentional words caused the atmosphere in the chat channel to become strange.

Was the European Sector tricked by Xu Tui? If Base 14 had always been occupied by the Worldly Special Force, the Worldly Special Force would be the ones to suffer losses now that it was destroyed.

However, Xu Tui had already taken action.

The European Sector had anxiously obtained Base 14, but it was equivalent to paying a large sum of Origin Crystals to take the thunder for the Worldly Special Force.

At that moment, everyone who participated in the private chat channel had a thought: They could not take advantage of Xu Tui.

It was not easy to take advantage of him!

“I think that we should consider another problem now. Will Lei Xiang’s team set their next target for a surprise attack on Base 12 or Base 10?” Xu Tui raised an extremely serious question.