Chapter 834 - 834 Rumor (1)

834 Rumor (1)

The words ‘colony’ made Xu Tui feel like he had died in a dream.

Xu Tui, who was in a deep sleep, suddenly sat up. He felt like he was temporarily offline. However, he instinctively looked at the surface of Tri Ling Ding.

Three seconds later, Xu Tui, who had completely woken up, saw the change in the light spots on the surface of Tri Ling Ding. He suddenly shivered. He directly called the captain of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team, Zhu Lang.

Zhu Lang did not react. He should be sleeping too. Xu Tui immediately called Li Zhen. Li Zhen immediately replied to Xu Tui.

According to the decision of the military meeting yesterday, from yesterday onwards, one person had to be left on duty in the various special forces of the various combat regiments even during the absolutely safe time of night.

Cui Xi was on duty tonight. Cui Xi looked at Xu Tui, who had suddenly sat up. He looked over. After Xu Tui waved his hand and was fine, he immediately sent a message to Li Zhen.

“Commander Li, according to the information we left behind, the team of Lei Xiang is very close to you now.”

Li Zhen’s expression instantly became serious. “How close?”

“I’m not too sure. It’s between 100 and 500 kilometers.”

“Keep in contact. I’ll call for help immediately.” Li Zhen woke Zhu Lang up without saying anything. All the resting members of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team began to be woken up in an organized manner.

Li Zhen did not ask about the accuracy of the news. At this moment, it was better to believe it than not. The distance of 100 to 500 kilometers would take about 10 minutes. If they were slower, they would be able to reach Base 12 in an hour.

Almost 30 seconds after Xu Tui’s announcement, everyone in Base 12 was mobilized. Moreover, there were no lights or sounds. The members of the battle team were all from the military, especially those from the Huaxia Sector. Their organization and discipline could be said to be the top team on the Blue Star.

Actually, even without Xu Tui’s warning, Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, and the others had already made the corresponding warning arrangements.

However, under uncertain circumstances, it was impossible for everyone to stare and wait for the enemy to appear. In the middle of the night, only a third of the people were on guard. The rest of the people were resting. The number of people on guard would increase by half in the early morning.

However, at this moment, under Xu Tui’s warning, everyone began to mobilize. They also began to come up with more detailed and targeted tactics.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he learned that Base 12 had not been ambushed. He was really afraid that it was too late.

It was just like Lei Xiang’s surprise attack on Base 14. After the surprise attack, they would use the colony to communicate with Base 1.

However, this time, it was obvious that Lei Xiang was communicating before the operation.

…

In a crypt more than 200 kilometers west of Base 12, Lei Xiang of the Spiritual Race was using its Ling Clan’s colony that was embedded in the disc to make the final intelligence confirmation with Yin Zhou of Base 1.

“Yin Zhou, I need you to confirm again. Are there any obvious reinforcements in Base 12 within a day and a half?” Lei Xiang asked.

Lei Xiang knew very well that after they attacked Base 14, they would definitely alert the invading Blue Star humans. There might be all kinds of actions. They might dig a hole for them. They might join forces to deal with them.

The first battle of attacking Base 14 had taught Lei Xiang an extremely deep lesson.

None of the invading Blue Star humans could defeat him in terms of individual strength. However, a small group of elites had the possibility of destroying him.

Those Origin Crystal ability seal cards were really lethal. Especially since a Planetary realm powerhouse’s Origin Crystal ability seal card had appeared in Base 14 last time.

It made Lei Xiang alert and a little afraid. That was why he was so cautious.

“Lord Lei Xiang, we don’t have many satellites on the resource planet, and their functions are not too powerful.

Moreover, because we had lost the guidance of the signal amplification station on the ground, the investigation of Base 12 was not comprehensive. However, at the moment, we did not find any reinforcements entering Base 12. In the past day and a half, we did not find any reinforcements entering the vicinity of Base 12.

“I personally think that we can take action, but we have to be careful. After all, we have a free schedule for our reconnaissance,” Yin Zhou said.

Lei Xiang was a little angry and wanted to curse.

Yin Zhou spoke for a long time. In the end, it was all nonsense. There was no guarantee that no reinforcements would enter Base 12. However, this was also an objective fact.

After all, the Extreme Wind Number Seven was only a resource planet. The forward operating base’s strategy against the Extreme Wind Number Seven was to mine to the limit. Everything would be done after they dug it out.

Moreover, the humans of the Blue Star did not have the ability to teleport freely in the solar system, so they did not invest much in defense.

“Alright, continue to investigate. Inform me immediately if anything happens. Also, can you lock onto the whereabouts of the Worldly Special Force?” Lei Xiang asked.

“Not yet. They just captured our Base 17. They have many targets around Base 17. We can’t lock onto it for the time being. Moreover, they’ve clearly increased their pace,” Yin Zhou said.

“Then did you find the reason why they break into our base so quickly? Or did you discover any loopholes in the defense of our base?” Lei Xiang asked.

“Not at the moment. There are too few effective images transmitted back.”

“Is there any news from Black Hole?”

“Black Hole said that he’s working hard. He’ll inform us as soon as he discovers anything,” Yin Zhou said.