Chapter 837 - 837 Intergalactic Race War (1)

837 Intergalactic Race War (1)

In the temporary base of the Eternal Special Forces 400 kilometers southeast of Base 26, flames, lightning, and glaring energy beams weaved into a dazzling scene.

However, coupled with the continuous screams of pain and angry roars, it was a tragic scene of hell on earth.

Every second, members of the Eternal Special Force were killed.

“Commander, we can’t hold on. What should we do?” Kao, the vice-captain of the Eternal Special Forces, shouted. “Are there any reinforcements?”

!!

“No… reinforcements!” Commander Fisher glanced at the silent communication channel and took a deep breath. “Let’s fight! Fight to the death! Only by fighting to the death can we survive!”

“Fuck all the women opposite, f*ck!” Vice-Captain Kao roared and instantly tore apart an Origin Crystal Energy Sealing Card. A curved shield five meters wide and three meters tall was raised in front of him. “Hey, all of you, come over. Explode!”

Almost instantly, the energy bombardment of the canon formed by the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Genetic Transmutation Realm behind him blasted over.

This shield could not last long, but it was enough to buy him some precious time.

In an instant, a huge shadow of a javelin suddenly appeared in Commander Fisher’s hand, emitting a shuddering aura.

Almost at the same time, the shadow of the javelin was thrown out.

In an instant, it struck a Mechanical Spirit that had turned into a cannon 500 meters away and exploded.

The explosive energy directly shattered the Mechanical Spirit’s Genetic Transmutation Realm into pieces.

Lei Xiang, who was knocking out the other members of the Eternal Special Forces, suddenly turned around. The moment he turned around, he saw another shadow of a javelin in Fisher’s hand.

“Not again!” Lei Xiang’s expression instantly changed. Lightning flashed in his eyes.@@novelbin@@

The lightning was extremely fast. Before the shadow of the javelin hit another Genetic Transmutation Realm, the lightning struck the javelin fiercely. When the javelin tilted slightly, the energy fluctuation was greatly reduced.

The Mechanical Spirit Race’s Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivator, who had been hit by the spear shadow, was not killed this time. He was only injured.

“It looks like it’s you!” Fisher suddenly locked onto Lei Xiang. “Carter, let’s focus fire!”

However, just as the shadow of the javelin in Fisher’s hand appeared, lightning suddenly rose from the sky. A lightning chain flickering with blue lightning surrounded Fisher and Carter at the same time.

The lightning chains that were as thick as a forearm wrapped around their bodies and sizzled. In less than a second, the defenses around them were completely destroyed. Under the assault of the lightning, they twitched and fell to the ground.

In a few seconds, the regiment commander and vice-captain were killed. The fighting spirit that had just risen in the members of the Eternal Special Force collapsed on the spot.

Some of the members fled in all directions.

Just as Fisher had said, only by fighting to the death could they survive. There was no way out if they fled. Almost instantly, the fragile defense line that the Eternal Special Forces had just organized collapsed. The situation of the battle began to tilt one-sidedly.

“Catch them alive if you can. Kill them all if you can’t!” Lei Xiang’s order was simple and direct.

The battle ended seven minutes later. The first to escape were either killed or captured alive. Most of the people who fought to the death died in battle because of the collapse of the defensive line. A small number of them were captured alive.

However, the counterattack of the Eternal Special Forces was not ineffective.

One Genetic Transmutation Realm expert was killed, three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts were injured, and 11 Genetic Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits were killed.

This quickly reduced the number of Mechanical Spirits who had been fighting with Lei Xiang to less than a third.

However, Lei Xiang did not care about the deaths of these Mechanical Spirits. What really pained Lei Xiang was the death of the Genetic Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit. The Genetic Transmutation Realm was the core battle power no matter where it was.

The others were cleaning up the captives. Looking at the number of captives, there were 21 of them. This made Lei Xiang very happy.

He had gained a lot.

As long as the 21 Original Spiritual Embodiments were transported back to the forward operating base, it would be a huge contribution, especially since there were three female Original Spiritual Embodiments.

This was even more valuable!

This was definitely worth more than ten spiritual boxes in their Spiritual Race.

While the others were dealing with the captives, Lei Xiang arrived in front of Fisher and Carter. Under his deliberate control, the two of them were still in a state of convulsion.

The feeling of being electrocuted was not good. Of course, it was only because Lei Xiang had some control that the two of them did not die. With a wave of his hand, the lightning chain locked down and turned into an energy chain that bound Fisher and Carter tightly.

“Yes, I’ll give you a chance to live. Tell me the exact coordinates of the other special forces. I’ll let whoever tells me live.”

Lei Xiang slowly approached. His exquisite leather boots that were glowing with lightning stepped fiercely on Fisher’s face, directly removing one of Fisher’s big teeth.

Lei Xiang’s other foot stepped on Carter’s cheek like before. Lei Xiang stepped on their cheeks and stomped them into the soil.

“Thirty seconds. If you say you can live, if you don’t, you will die!” Lei Xiang’s voice was very soft, but anyone could hear the killing intent in it.

The vice-captain of the Eternal Special Forces, Carter, pursed his lips and did not say anything. However, the commander of the Eternal Special Forces, Fisher, spoke. “I’ll… speak!”

Fisher’s voice was a little distorted because his cheek had been stepped on.

Hearing this, the corners of Lei Xiang’s mouth curled up slightly. A smile appeared on his face as he moved his foot away from Fisher’s face.