Chapter 835 - 835 Rumor (2)

835 Rumor (2)

“Tell him that if he can’t produce any useful information for us within ten days, he will lose the right to cooperate,” Lei Xiang said.

“Ten days… Understood! I will convey your will to Black Hole,” Yin Zhou said.

…

“Boss, that colonial body has begun to move, but its aura is rapidly weakening,” Tri Ling Ding said again in Base 9.

“Commander Zhu, Commander Li, pay attention. It’s very likely that Lei Xiang’s team will attack Base 12. Be prepared for battle,” Xu Tui said.

“Don’t worry. I’ve already opened my pocket. I’m just afraid that they won’t come.” Li Zhen sneered.

At this point, Xu Tui did not say anything else. This reminder was enough.

“By the way, what do you mean by the Ling Clan’s colony’s aura beginning to weaken rapidly?” Xu Tui asked.

“Boss, our Ling Clan is extremely good at storing Origin Energy. Many times, even if the supply of Origin Energy is cut off, some Origin Crystals can still be left behind. They won’t immediately go into hibernation, but if the amount is too little, it won’t last long.”

“How long can one’s aura last after their energy supply is cut off?” Xu Tui asked.

“In most cases, the ability of an intermediate-level colony like this can only support them for about 15 minutes.”

“What about you? How long can the energy stored last you?”

Xu Tui’s sudden question stunned Tri Ling Ding for a few seconds before he let out a dry laugh. “Boss, how would I dare…”

“Hah!”

Who would believe you? However, there were no fish in the clear water. If he did not give Tri Ling Ding some hope, how could he work hard and even get what he wanted?

In less than 15 minutes, the colony that Lei Xiang had brought along for communication did not have any aura. At this moment, they were already very close to Base 12.

At this moment, all Xu Tui could do was wait. He quietly cultivated and waited for the results.

Twenty-five minutes later, Zhu Lang took the initiative to contact Xu Tui. He smiled without saying anything.

“Xu Tui, thank you for your timely reminder. This time, we were prepared in advance. We opened our pockets and let Lei Xiang charge in. Their target is indeed the Ore Refinement Center.”

“A great victory? How are the results?”

“It can’t be considered a great victory.” Zhu Lang’s voice suddenly had a hint of bitterness. “The team of Lei Xiang is too powerful. Seven Genetic Transmutation Realms and more than 30 Genetic Evolution Realms. Their firepower was extremely powerful.

“Even if we were prepared, ten of us died in battle and nearly a hundred were severely injured. The results of the battle were only enough to protect the ore refinement center. You know that we basically don’t have any life-saving cards on our side,” Zhu Lang said.

“You didn’t gain anything?”

“How is that possible! We killed nine of the other party’s Genetic Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits. We also injured three to four Genetic Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirits under concentrated fire. One of them should have been severely injured by us!” Zhu Lang said.

“Yes, this result is really not bad. Commander Zhu, we have to increase our vigilance in case they turn around and attack us,” Xu Tui reminded him again.

“Yes, I know.”

Ten people had died in battle despite being prepared.

Actually, this was not a crime of war. In terms of individual strength, they were far inferior. There were only a few Genetic Evolution Realm experts in the Huaxia Sector who could fight a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert alone.

It was mainly because there were many people, organized, and prepared. Otherwise, the ore refinement center would not have been preserved.

However, this battle was also extremely shocking.

After this battle, Lei Xiang’s team would probably not dare to attack a base at will. Even if they wanted to attack a certain base, they would do sufficient reconnaissance work. Each operation cycle would be longer.

In that case, Xu Tui’s chance would come. He would be able to take the opportunity to execute his plan.

An hour later, Xu Tui received another colony used for communication had appeared again, but it was heading to Base 15.

They must have gone to rest again.

Lei Xiang of the Spiritual Race was much more cautious than Xu Tui had imagined.

On the evening of the 31st day of the space invasion, the Slavic Special Force arrived and completed the transaction at Base 17.

Because a full month had passed, the transaction price was 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals and 20% profit.

On the 32nd day of the space invasion, Xu Tui led a team to the vicinity of Base 18 and made preparations for reconnaissance. On the afternoon of the 33rd day, they launched an attack and successfully took down Base 18.

On the evening of the 33rd day of the space invasion, Base 10 was ambushed by Lei Xiang’s team.

The surprise attack was extremely sudden. Even Tri Ling Ding did not notice it.

The Taiyi Special Force was already prepared, but the number of people in the Taiyi Special Force was a shortcoming.

After a short battle, the Taiyi Special Forces conserved their strength and took the initiative to give up on the ore refinement center.

Four people from the Taiyi Special Force had died in battle. A Genetic Transmutation Realm expert from Lei Xiang’s team had been severely injured. Six Genetic Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits had been killed. The ore refinement center had been destroyed.

“Don’t worry. I’ll take down a new base for you within five days. I’ll leave it to you to take over then.”

Xu Tui immediately made a promise to Li Shihua from the Taiyi Special Forces.

Of course, this was also the reason why the Taiyi Special Forces took the initiative to give up on the ore refinement center at the critical moment.

Cui Xi had contacted and successfully traded it to the Russian Federation’s battle team once they conquered Base 18.

Xu Tui frowned the night before he left Base 18. He had come up with a plan, but Lei Xiang’s team did not follow his plan at all.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had thought that Lei Xiang would definitely rush nearby to snipe him when he attacked the alien strategic base in such a dense manner. However, from the looks of it, Lei Xiang was only slowly approaching. They were not in a hurry.

This made Xu Tui feel a little uncomfortable.

A team with at least seven Genetic Transmutation Realm experts was wandering outside. The leader was a peak-level Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. It was enough to make everyone restless.

Xu Tui thought about it for half a night before he came up with a highly feasible new move.

“Commander Li, please help me spread the word. I want to auction off the next strategic base that I’m about to take down,” Xu Tui contacted Li Zhen and said.

“Auction? In that case, it’s almost public. You’re going to…” Li Zhen suddenly realized something.

...

“Are you going to use the possibility of a traitor to bait the other party?” Li Zhen was indeed a schemer. He immediately understood Xu Tui’s plan.

“That’s right.

“Yes, the plan is not bad. The possibility of the other party biting the bait is not small. However, there is a very important question. How can you be sure that the other party is biting the bait? If you are not careful, you might lose your entire life. You can’t determine the other party’s whereabouts, much less when the other party will come. You will be in a very, very passive position!” Li Zhen said.

“Commander Li, do as I say. I’m confident,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!”