Chapter 830 - 830 My Life Is In Your Hands (1)

830 My Life Is In Your Hands (1)

“What’s impossible? Could it be that your brother is gone? Did you use too many hands?” Cui Xi, who was brushing his teeth, smiled mischievously.

In the past, when he was in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, he had been labeled as forthright and hot-blooded. Now, when he participated in the battle, he would make a few dirty jokes every day. Sometimes, he would go over the line.

However, Xu Tui understood Cui Xi’s painstaking efforts.

Decompression!

!!

He took advantage of the opportunity to reduce the pressure on everyone.

In war, especially wars that were far away from the moon and their homeland, every participant endured immense mental pressure. Even if the battle was as smooth as the Worldly Special Force, everyone felt immense pressure. If he did not release this pressure, it would become a variety of problems.

A casual joke could make everyone laugh. Even Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan looked at Yan Lie and laughed.

Everyone instantly understood what he meant and smiled. The indescribable pressure dissipated after repeated jokes. This was also one of the reasons why the Worldly Special Force could maintain their current high combat strength and cultivate diligently. Moreover, all of them were very calm.

Yan Lie’s face was red, but he was not embarrassed. He had been used by Cui Xi for jokes for the past few days.

“Old Cui, you’re someone who can’t pee further than the regiment commander, yet you’re mentioning this to me! According to the way you masturbate, do you believe that you’ll wet your shoes in ten years?” Yan Lie returned Cui Xi’s words, causing the girls to look at Cui Xi and Xu Tui strangely.

Were these boys still competing in this matter? Did the regiment commander pee far away? Cui Xi had masturbated a lot, but he actually had such a hobby?

Cui Xi, who was originally cold and indifferent, suddenly could not stand the gazes of the girls. Xu Tui instantly felt a little awkward.

However, Yan Lie did not want to pursue victory. Instead, he shouted at the crowd, “Look at me!”

In an instant, Yan Lie used his concealment ability and disappeared. Everyone looked at Yan Lie, who had disappeared, with confused expressions.

This was very normal.

A second later, Yan Lie pushed open the door and entered. He had an excited and expectant expression. “Did you see anything?”

“There’s no difference,” Cui Xi, who was anxious to turn the tables, said. “You’re still the same. You’re short and powerless.” Cui Xi had a double meaning.

Yan Lie glared at Cui Xi. “Say it seriously, I’m not joking.”

“Wait!” Zhao Hailong suddenly raised a finger as if he was deep in thought. “Outside the door? Did your concealment just leave the room? Did you go through the wall?”

When Zhao Hailong said that, everyone’s gaze instantly landed on Yan Lie. They were all shocked.

The concealment ability of the Extreme Branch was the signature ability of assassins. Everyone knew about it. It could only be used in open space. As long as there was any physical or energy-type barrier, he would have to hide and not be able to pass through.

However, Yan Lie had flashed out of the room just now.

“F*ck, you can really pass through walls?” Cui Xi exclaimed. “Won’t you be on a rocket?”

“Old Cui, be careful when you sleep in the future. If you wake up one day and your brother becomes a monk, don’t panic. You can think about me!” Yan Lie smiled.

“Again,” Xu Tui said.

Almost instantly after Xu Tui activated his mental perception, Yan Lie hid himself several times. He went from the room to the door, then from the door to the room. In his mental perception, Yan Lie’s concealment seemed to have a supernatural nature.

“Come, try the wall behind me,” Xu Tui said.

Yan Lie shook his head vigorously. “No, I’ve tried. It won’t work!”

At this moment, everyone realized that there was a bruise on Yan Lie’s forehead. He must have hit the wall during the experiment.

“Tell me about it.”

“I can’t go through the wall, but as long as there’s a gap, I can escape. For example, this door. As long as it’s not a sealed door that’s closed, I can escape.” Yan Lie flashed and pushed the door open.

Xu Tui frowned when he heard that. He roughly knew what was going on. It must be because the genetic base point he had found for Yan Lie had been activated that there were new abilities.@@novelbin@@

However, from the looks of it, this ability seemed a little useless. He could not go through walls. He could only go through seams. It was too impractical.

“Li Zheng, make an egg-shaped water screen.”

“Alright.”

Li Zheng waved her hand and produced an egg-shaped water screen. Xu Tui pointed and said, “Try and see if you can pass through it.”

Yan Lie took a look and instantly disappeared. In the next moment, one of Yan Lie’s hands suddenly appeared in the egg-shaped water screen. Then, his entire body instantly appeared in an extremely strange manner.

Yan Lie seemed to be stuck in the water screen. He could not get out or enter and was embedded in the water curtain. He could move his limbs but not his body.

The group members laughed, but Xu Tui was deep in thought.

From the looks of it, he could pass through the energy-shaped barrier. However, it should be because this genetic base point had just been activated. His ability cultivation had yet to reach its peak. If he cultivated again, he would definitely be able to pass through the energy barrier.

Such an assassin…

Xu Tui suddenly gasped.

If he mastered it, would he be able to ignore the energy defense of his Vajra Barrier and attack his body?

That would be awesome.

This ability was simply too amazing!

Not long after, everyone thought of what Xu Tui had thought of.

Yan Lie went to cultivate in high spirits. He had to familiarize himself with and strengthen this ability as soon as possible. Before he left, he did not forget to say, “Commander, remember to help me look at the other genetic ability chains tonight!”