Chapter 840 - 840 Need To Receive

840 Need to Receive

“Commander Zhu, Commander Li, inform the other combat teams to lower their altitude immediately. Turn off all the lights and fly close to the ground at a low speed. When they were 20 kilometers away from this coordinate, everyone should go on foot and activate the anti-reconnaissance function of their combat uniforms. Other than the combat command channel, everyone’s communication channel remains silent.

“Commander Zhu, Commander Li, from this moment on, the coordinated command will be handed over to you. I will only be responsible for issuing emergency orders during battle.” Xu Tui sent several messages to Zhu Lang and Li Zhen.

“Understood.”

Zhu Lang’s answer was very simple.

Thirty seconds later, the other combat teams that were moving received the order that Xu Tui had just relayed.

In the end, Li Zhen added, “This is a military order. It will be carried out unconditionally. Those who violate it will be subject to military law.”

These words were mainly directed at Hao Tian and the Taiyi Special Forces. After all, these two special forces were not paramilitary units. They might become lax in their thinking.

“Old Li, inform the people from the Africa and Russian Federation to start an emergency gathering for battle. This direction,” Zhu Lang instructed.

“Roger that.”

…

In front of the Worldly Special Force was a calabash-shaped valley. The two ends of the valley were wide, and the middle was narrow. The widest place was more than 60 meters, while the narrowest place in the middle was only about four meters. This way, the wind at the mouth of the calabash howled, but there was a natural leeward past its waist.

Xu Tui could basically determine where the temporary camp of Lei Xiang’s team was just by looking at the terrain.

It should be a hole in the wall. It should be at the waist of the calabash-shaped valley. There was an obvious indentation on the left waist.

If Xu Tui had chosen a temporary camp in the calabash-shaped valley, it would definitely be that location. That location was not only very sheltered from the wind, but comparatively speaking, because the terrain was slightly higher, his vision was the widest.

On the resource planet, no one could ignore the harsh and extreme natural environment.

Xu Tui did not dare to use his full strength to search for the specific camp of Lei Xiang’s team. In that case, the possibility of being exposed was too high.

After all, according to the current situation, there were at least six Genetic Transmutation Realm experts in Lei Xiang’s team.

Lei Xiang itself was a lightning-type supernatural being at the peak of the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Therefore, Xu Tui was extremely careful. He could not control the Origin Crystal Powder in the violent wind. Xu Tui immediately activated his flying sword and advanced at a low speed in the violent wind. He used the Heart Sword Heart Eye to slowly search for the exact location of the camp of Lei Xiang’s team.

There were still three and a half hours before dawn. Xu Tui still had a lot of time.

Two minutes later, Xu Tui discovered a large pile of fresh soil that was different from the color of the surface of the ground at the left waist of the calabash-shaped valley.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui discovered the location of the hole in the left waist of the calabash-shaped valley. There was a huge rock at the entrance of the cave. Behind the rock, Xu Tui saw a pair of eyes that were flickering with blue light.

This was the Energy Eye of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Someone was on guard at the entrance of the cave.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui had a thought. The flying sword continued to lower its altitude and slowly flew back amidst the howling wind.

Location locked!

“Commander Zhu, where are the other teams?” Xu Tui asked.

“Our team will arrive at our planned location in five minutes. Hao Tian is expected to arrive in four minutes. Taiyi will arrive at their planned location in six minutes,” Zhu Lang said.

“Alright!”

“Have you found the exact location?”

“Commander, the location has been found. We’ll launch a surprise attack when everyone arrives at the combat position!”

“Okay!”

“Xing’zi, put on a vine armor for everyone,” Xu Tui said.

Mu Xingluan, who had been waiting for Xu Tui’s orders, immediately distributed a seed to each member of the Worldly Special Force.

At the same time that she placed the seed on his chest, the seed began to quickly climb and intertwine. In less than a minute, a 1-centimeter-thick vine armor was intertwined on Xu Tui’s upper body. It looked exquisite and was filled with the aura of a primitive artwork.

“Xing’zi, this vine armor… looks thicker than before.”

“Yes, Commander, I have to thank you. I feel that my strength has increased several times compared to the total increase last year!

“Not only has my Thousand Vines Armor become three millimeters thicker, but its toughness and elasticity have also increased by more than 50%. Its defense has at least doubled!” Mu Xingluan said.

“Alright, make the armor for Cui Xi, Yang Huai and those in the vanguard. Make a few head armors too,” Xu Tui said.

“This green…” Cui Xi said.

“What do you choose between life and being cheated on?” Yan Lie smiled.

“I f*cking chose green. You’re the one who got cheated.”

Hearing this, everyone laughed. “Commander, do you want one?”

“I don’t need it. It will slightly affect my mind power.”@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui made the final tactical arrangements while Mu Xingluan was putting on the vine armor for everyone.

“Hailong, Yang Huai, Murong, Old Cui, Old Yan, and me. The six of us will be the first to charge in. Xing’zi will be the support and mainly repair our armor,” Xu Tui said.

The others nodded, but Mu Xingluan took out a handful of grass seeds and handed them to everyone. “Commander, when you fight later, sprinkle this near the combat area. I might be able to interfere at the critical moment.”

“Zheng’zi, Xuejin, Old Miao, and Old Tao, the four of you have the shortest combat distance of 150 meters. My tactic is for the four of you to loiter around 200 meters. Li Zheng and Xuejin will attack from afar in the beginning, while Old Miao and Old Tao will defend for them.

“This was especially so for Old Miao. You don’t have to participate in the attack. As long as you could defend them, that would be lucky. You have to be extremely careful. The Genetic Transmutation Realm opposite you has the strength to instantly kill you. You must not be greedy for credit!” Xu Tui said.

The four of them nodded seriously. If a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert attacked them with all his might, it was really possible to insta-kill them.

“Also, listen to my orders at all times. If any of the main attackers are seriously injured, be prepared to rescue them at any time. Do you understand?” Xu Tui shouted.

“I understand.”

“Okay, in the last three minutes, check the equipment and elixirs again.”

Less than a minute after he set up the specific tactics, Xu Tui received news from someone else in the combat channel that was specially set up for this battle.

...

“Reporting, the Taiyi Special Force has arrived at their designated location.”

“Reporting, the Haotian Special Force has arrived at their designated location.”

“Reporting, the battle team has arrived at their designated location.”

“Commander Zhu, have the teams from the Russian Federation and the Africa Sector started moving?”

“They’re already in position, but their orders are to be ready to attack Base 5 at any time,” Zhu Lang said.

“Commander Zhu, after the battle starts, tell them to ambush anyone from Base 5. If no one from Base 5 comes out, tell them to guard it,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Zhu Lang smiled. “Why are you so careful?”

“The Africans are too reckless. They’ll stick to anyone. How would I dare to believe them? The Russian Federation can team up with us to tide over the difficulties, but the benefits are too great. We have to be wary of them stabbing us in the back. Only our own people can be trusted in such a crucial matter,” Xu Tui said.

“Kid, you’re smart.” Zhu Lang was not stingy with his praise.

“Attention, all units. In 30 seconds, begin to approach the waist of the calabash-shaped valley at a low speed. In a minute, I will launch the first wave of attacks. Then, let’s fight freely. There was only one word for seeing the enemy—Kill!”

“Roger that!”

...

“Roger that!”

“Roger that!”

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui glanced at Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, and the others beside him. Three flying swords instantly circled up. The whistling of the flying swords was drowned out by the roar of the wind. The six of them resisted the violent wind and quickly approached the waist of the calabash-shaped valley.

Xu Tui’s mental perception also slowly spread out. However, he only approached the bottom of the hole and did not dare to go deeper.

The distance was rapidly closing.

One kilometer.

At 500 meters, Xu Tui stood on a tall rock. He could overlook the entire battlefield from here.

“Of the five of you, other than Yan Lie, the rest of you will fight in pairs. Take care of each other. Safety first. In a while, I will destroy their cave. They will definitely rush out immediately when they are attacked. Take this opportunity to kill them,” Xu Tui said.

After the five of them nodded, they began to approach the waist of the calabash-shaped valley from different directions.

At the same time, the mind power enhancement necklace around Xu Tui’s neck instantly flashed. His mind power was instantly enhanced to the extreme. He released his mental perception and instantly covered a radius of 2,150 meters.

That’s right. The range of Xu Tui’s mental perception had increased again.

Previously, all 72 genetic base points had been strengthened to Level 3 gold. After Xu Tui’s mind power had increased by about 20%, the distance of his mental perception had also increased from more than 1,500 meters to more than 1,800 meters.

At this moment, his mental perception had reached more than 2,150 meters.

Xu Tui’s combat distance was not the only thing that had increased. There were also other superpowers related to mind power. Almost at the same time, the two flying swords circling above his head let out an ear-piercing whistle and streaked across the night sky.

At the same time, Lei Xiang, who was resting in the best tent in the cave, suddenly opened his eyes and sat up. He was stunned for a moment before he tore open the tent.

“Be careful…”

The moment he said that, a silver light suddenly pierced through the hole.

The Mechanical Spirit of the Genetic Transmutation Realm sitting at the entrance of the cave suddenly lit up with a dazzling light. The moment the energy defense rose, the flying sword’s silver light instantly entered his body and directly exploded his energy core.

Xu Tui had instantly killed a Genetic Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit with a sneak attack.

At the same time, lightning shot out of Lei Xiang’s vertical eye. It slashed Xu Tui’s flying sword into the ground and severed its mental connection with Xu Tui.

Boom!

A huge explosion sounded above the heads of Lei Xiang’s team. The entire cave shook violently, as if it had been smashed by a mountain.

In fact, it had been smashed by a mountain.

Xu Tui’s mountain flying sword slammed into the cave above the wall with the Mountain Formula. In an instant, the interior of the temporary hole began to collapse, and rocks fell everywhere.

Yin Suo and Bu Zheng were already standing beside Lei Xiang. Seeing that the cave was about to collapse, in their panic, a Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit instinctively wanted to rush out of the cave.

“Come back!” With a furious roar, Lei Xiang used the lightning chain to pull back the Mechanical Spirit who was about to rush out.

“We were discovered and ambushed by the enemy. We don’t have time to talk about how we were discovered. But how many people do you think are waiting for us outside? What will the consequences be if we rush out of the cave like this?” Lei Xiang was not flustered at all.

“We might be focused on if we rush out, but we’ll be buried if we don’t?” A Mechanical Spirit said worriedly.

“The top floor of the cave we chose is only five meters from the ground. Even if it all collapses, it won’t bury us. Besides, isn’t the Mechanical Spirit Race best at creating a new exit?” Lei Xiang sneered.

“Sir, tell me where to go. I’ll bring them to make a new tunnel!” Yin Suo immediately expressed his stance.

“There’s no hurry. Gather together and set up a defense. I’ll contact Yin Zhou and the others first and get them to rush over to receive us!” Under the attack, Lei Xiang was very calm.