Chapter 843 - 843 The Power Of Lei Xiang (1)

843 The Power of Lei Xiang (1)

Looking at the quicksand that was quickly overflowing to his feet, Lei Xiang suddenly had an extremely bad feeling!

They might not be able to hide underground anymore.

“Quicksand! It’s turned into sand. Be careful!” The others exclaimed.

“Sir, this place is about to be melted by quicksand. Can you stop it?” Yin Suo was anxious.

!!

Once this place was completely turned into sand, they might really be buried here and trapped to death. Under the repeated strengthening of the Quicksand Technique, quicksand transformation was irreversible.

Once he was trapped in quicksand that was nearly ten meters deep, he did not know if Lei Xiang could escape, but the Mechanical Spirit Race would definitely not be able to!

“We can’t stop it. This is the underground, the home ground of natural earth-element supernatural beings. Other abilities are extremely restricted.” Bu Zheng was helpless.

“Change directions and rush into the tunnel!” Lei Xiang roared.

Almost instantly, the digging team composed of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Genetic Transmutation Realm experts changed directions.

Lei Xiang was gambling that the attackers above could not detect the situation deep underground. However, in just 30 seconds, the last hope of Lei Xiang was dashed.

After digging into the rock and soil in front of them, it instantly became sand. Powerful earth-element fluctuations continuously seeped down, and the flowing sand instantly surged towards them.

Yin Suo, Bu Zheng, and the other Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Transmutation Realm all extended their energy shields to block the quicksand so that they would not be drowned by it.

However, what was worse was that many places were quickly turning into quicksand. Under such circumstances, they would not be able to last long.@@novelbin@@

Lei Xiang’s face turned ashen. His plan to stall for time and wait for Yin Zhou’s reinforcements had failed.

If they could wait for Yin Zhou to arrive, even if they killed a portion of the enemies nearby, the pressure on them would be greatly reduced. The possibility of turning defeat into victory would increase exponentially.

But now, he could only charge forward!

The casualties would definitely not be small.

“Get ready to charge. I’ll rush through the tunnel later. The tunnel can only last five seconds. We have to rush out quickly. When we rush out, defend with all our might. Then listen to my commands. We’ll charge in one direction!” Lei Xiang immediately made a decision.

In the next moment, Lei Xiang was suddenly covered in a layer of blue light. He held a fist-sized thunder ball in his hands.

Under the guidance of Lei Xiang’s hands, the lightning ball slowly became larger and larger. The moment it became large enough for a person to pass through, the lightning ball suddenly exploded.

Lightning soared into the sky. The quicksand that was five to six meters deep was instantly pierced through or forcefully broken through.

An upward lightning tunnel appeared. However, no one rushed out immediately. Everyone knew that the first to rush out would definitely die. Not to mention the first, even the first few people who rushed out would definitely die!

Yin Suo instantly glared and reached out to grab a Mechanical Spirit at the Genetic Evolution Realm beside him. He threw him out of the lightning tunnel.

“If you don’t charge, I’ll help you charge!” Yin Suo roared!

Bu Zheng followed suit.

Yin Suo and Bu Zheng were both brought over by Lei Xiang from the forward operating base. Although Yin Suo was from the Mechanical Spirit Race, they were not related to each other.

The Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Transmutation Realm on Resource Star Number 7 could not stand it. However, there was nothing he could do at this moment.

The Mechanical Spirit at the Genetic Evolution Realm immediately reacted. If it rushed out and defended with all its might, it still had a chance of survival. If it was thrown out, it would be killed.

Above the calabash-shaped valley, the elites of the Huaxia Sector’s special forces who had been waiting for a long time saw the Mechanical Spirits coming out of the lightning tunnel. They had been holding back their ultimate moves for a long time. They all called out to them. The Mechanical Spirits who had been thrown out were all instantly killed.

Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, Dai Yizhou, Jian Qi, and the others were also a little tempted. However, they were stopped by Xu Tui, who had retreated not far away.

“Don’t be in a hurry to attack. Wait for the big fish.”

Whoosh!

The moment Xu Tui finished speaking, a ball of lightning instantly rushed out. The moment it rushed out, it suddenly exploded. A circle of lightning rippled. This circle of lightning spread out for a hundred meters. Almost all the experts nearby were affected.

At the same time, another bolt of lightning shot into the sky. Lei Xiang with three eyes on his forehead and a pair of lightning wings on his back instantly rushed out of the lightning tunnel. It was extremely flashy.

Moreover, he soared into the sky.

As he soared into the sky and avoided a wave of concentrated fire, the auras of the other nine Genetic Transmutation Realm experts shot out of the lightning tunnel in the shortest time possible.

This number shocked Xu Tui.

Lei Xiang’s team had many hidden trump cards. He had always thought that there were at most eight Genetic Transmutation Realm experts here.

But now, there were still ten. Including the one that Xu Tui had killed at the beginning, there were 11 of them.

Lei Xiang was scheming and sinister!

However, Xu Tui’s attacks did not soften at all.

There was no way Lei Xiang could escape. He suddenly pulled out the mental whip. More than half of the lightning wings on the back of Lei Xiang that was rushing into the sky suddenly disappeared. Lei Xiang, who had lost his support, fell from the sky.

At this moment, Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Luo Murong, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, Jian Qi, Dai Yizhou, Li Zhen, and the others, who had been waiting for a long time, attacked at the same time.

These main forces who had the ability to fight against Genetic Transmutation Realm experts had been kept.

One side fled in a panic, while the other side was ready to attack.