Chapter 846 - 846 Seal (1)

846 Seal (1)

The thunder ball in Lei Xiang’s hand exploded and instantly fused with the ancient beast phantom that enveloped his entire body, forming a huge hollow thunder ball that protected Lei Xiang from all angles.

Lightning surged out of Lei Xiang’s vertical eye and enveloped the silver box that had just been crushed. A large amount of light rose from the crushed silver box and was absorbed into Lei Xiang’s vertical eye.

Xu Tui, Li Shihua, Zhao Hailong, Ruan Da, and Jian Qi quickly arrived. The moment they got close, they attacked Lei Xiang.

However, be it Xu Tui’s flying sword, Li Shihua’s sword light, or Ruan Da’s fire-type superpower, the lightning ball protecting Lei Xiang did not move at all.

While everyone was stunned, Lei Xiang laughed fiercely. “F*ck, you guys are the only ones who have treasures, but I don’t? I just didn’t want to waste any treasure on you trash! If you have the guts, break the life-saving lightning pearl given by my race’s Saint!”

As he cursed, Lei Xiang casually consumed a healing pill. The wounds on his broken arm and leg, as well as the holes in his body, quickly recovered. However, his broken arms and legs could not grow back for the time being.

Looking at himself, who was like a rag doll, the anger of Lei Xiang was indescribable.

He had never suffered like this since he was young! He was really angry! He did not want to hold back anymore!

At the same time, Lei Xiang’s aura began to rise rapidly, especially his mind power fluctuations.

Not only that, but the hundreds of Origin Crystals were directly thrown into the lightning ball by Lei Xiang. A portion of them was absorbed by Lei Xiang himself, while the rest was replenished in the defensive lightning ball.

“What is he doing?” Xu Tui did not understand.

Jian Qi’s face suddenly turned pale. “Not good. He might be breaking through at the last minute and is about to break through to the quasi-planetary realm! No, we have to stop him! Otherwise, we’ll all be doomed when he successfully breaks through!”

“Isn’t breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm very troublesome and requires a long time to prepare?” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

“He might have been suppressing it previously to forge a perfect core!” Ruan Da had a solemn expression. “But now it’s an urgent situation, so he used an external object to break through!”

Ruan Da’s analysis made Lei Xiang laugh ferociously again. “I didn’t expect that there would be someone among you trash who knew his stuff! I’ve been suppressing it for three years. I’ve been suppressing it for a full three years. I plan to form a perfect core from the inside out and break through to the quasi-planetary realm.

“Now, you guys have forced me to break through in advance! However, don’t laugh. Even if I used external objects to break through in advance, my three years of hard work would not have been in vain! Just you wait. I’ll kill all of you after I break through!”

Jian Qi also had a solemn expression. “F*ck, if that’s the case, this kid will probably have the combat strength close to a planetary-level powerhouse the moment he breaks through! Use another one. We don’t have much time!”

Ruan Da glanced at Jian Qi, then looked at Li Shihua. “For the sake of safety, one for each of us.”

These three people were all descendants of Planetary realm powerhouses. Only they had the Origin Crystal ability seal card made by Planetary realm powerhouses.@@novelbin@@

“F*ck, it’s a loss. However, it’s worth it to be able to kill a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse and a future planetary-level powerhouse of the Spiritual Race!” Li Shihua spat out a mouthful of blood and shouted.

Xu Tui did not have a strong foundation. He could not fully understand the words of Lei Xiang, Ruan Da, and the others, but he understood what they meant.

Lei Xiang might have been suppressing his level and breaking through previously. No wonder he was so strong previously. But now, this fellow was not choosing to suppress it anymore. If he broke through, he might have the combat strength close to a planetary-level powerhouse on the spot.

That would definitely be a nightmare for all the elites who participated in the space invasion this time!

Xu Tui spread out his mental perception and silently sensed the situation of Lei Xiang.

The mental hammer was useless. He had to use the mental hammer strengthened by the red jade slip to be useful.

However, there was still one more chance for the enhancement of the red jade slip.

Xu Tui had to be careful.

At the same time, Xu Tui looked at his own state. He looked at his main genetic base point and wondered if he should break through at this moment. If he broke through now, would the power of the mental hammer increase?

Over the past half a month, Xu Tui had endured the instinctive fear of strengthening the chain of mental whips day and night. It was extremely effective.

The chain of the mental whip had already turned a faint golden color. It should not take long to break through.

However, Xu Tui did not have any experience. Who knew what would happen when he broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm?

While Xu Tui was thinking, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and Jian Qi took action at the same time. They were about to use the treasure in their hands to fight Lei Xiang.

At this moment, lightning flickered around Lei Xiang’s body. He was wrapped in a thick thunder ball. Coupled with his ferocious expression, it looked like the Thunder God had descended.

Boom!

A large ball of scarlet flames suddenly flew out of Ruan Da’s palm. The moment it flew out, it turned into a fire-winged giant and pounced at Lei Xiang.

Lei Xiang, who had blood at the corner of his mouth, chuckled. “Is it using this method again? If the owner of this thing comes, I’ll f*cking kneel immediately! Now?!”

As he laughed fiercely, Lei Xiang threw out a lightning bead. With a whoosh, the lightning liquid that was hundreds of meters long exploded and tangled with the Fire-Winged Giant.

It was also at this moment that Jian Qi attacked.