Chapter 844 - 844 The Power Of Lei Xiang (2)

844 The Power of Lei Xiang (2)

There was no doubt that under the concentrated fire, three Genetic Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirits were killed on the spot. The other three, including Yin Suo and Bu Zheng, were also injured.

Especially Bu Zheng. He had been severely injured.

In comparison, the Transmutation Realm of the Dissimilate Clan was much more lethal than the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The two sides fought without any unnecessary words. There was only one word—kill!

!!

While the others were fighting the other Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, Xu Tui, Zhao Hailong, and Li Shihua were fighting Lei Xiang.

Li Shihua was like a shooting star as he charged towards Lei Xiang. Zhao Hailong’s arrows rained down.

Xu Tui’s flying sword circled around. While he was looking for an opportunity, he kept attacking with his mental hammer.

However, the head of Lei Xiang was covered in a thick layer of lightning. He did not know if it was because his mind power was extremely powerful, but Xu Tui’s mental hammer could not affect him.@@novelbin@@

This surprised Xu Tui.

After the actual combat on Mars ended, Xu Tui’s mental hammer would be able to injure Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

Over the past six months, Xu Tui’s mind power had increased greatly, and the power of his mental hammer had also increased greatly. However, he could not injure Lei Xiang now.

Didn’t this mean that Lei Xiang’s mind power was about the same as a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse? This made Xu Tui’s heart suddenly tighten. Could it be that this Lei Xiang was a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse?

“Be careful!”

Almost as soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, Lei Xiang suddenly threw out the pendant in front of his chest and said angrily, “A bunch of ants. If you want to die, I’ll fulfill your wish!”

The pendant on Lei Xiang’s chest suddenly turned into a huge ancient beast phantom. The moment the horn on its head merged with the vertical eye on Lei Xiang’s forehead, he roared. “Thunder Punishment!”

Boom!

A purple lightning bolt instantly blasted out, sending Li Shihua, who had just forced him to retreat, flying backward!

Another attack made Li Shihua vomit blood on the spot!

“Die!” Lei Xiang roared angrily, and purple lightning shot towards Li Shihua.

At the moment of life and death, a shrill sound rang out. The silver light instantly arrived in front of the lightning elephant. Xu Tui’s flying sword had arrived.

“Scram! With a furious roar, the purple lightning struck down. The lightning struck Xu Tui’s flying sword to the ground. Xu Tui’s mind power shook, and his mental connection with the flying sword was completely severed.

Xu Tui was stunned. What kind of strength was this?

Before Xu Tui could do anything, the purple lightning of Lei Xiang struck Li Shihua again. He was determined to kill Li Shihua.

Li Shihua did not hesitate. He directly tore open an Origin Crystal ability seal card, and golden light instantly shone.

The aura fluctuation of a Planetary realm powerhouse on it made Lei Xiang’s heart skip a beat.

The Vajra Barrier that was as heavy as a mountain protected Li Shihua, causing the purple lightning to return empty-handed.

Xu Tui suddenly realized that something was wrong. “Hailong, retreat quickly!”

Almost the moment Zhao Hailong retreated, the purple lightning on the ancient beast phantom had already split into two and slashed at Zhao Hailong and the other elite of the battle team who had attacked Lei Xiang from behind.

Boom!

The soldier from the battle team was blasted into silence on the spot. With just one attack, Zhao Hailong’s entire body was smoking. The purple lightning was extremely fast. The second strike shattered Zhao Hailong’s vine armor. Even his combat uniform was broken.

If the third attack landed, Zhao Hailong would probably die.

However, the silver light rose again, and the Mountain Flying Sword blasted towards Li Shihua.

At the same time, the mental vibrating whip struck the ancient beast phantom. The ancient beast phantom that enveloped Lei Xiang swayed slightly, and the speed at which it blasted out the purple lightning slowed down.

However, this also successfully attracted all of Lei Xiang’s firepower to Xu Tui.

“Those who don’t have any life-saving items, retreat. This fellow hasn’t unleashed the combat strength of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse yet. However, this purple lightning is definitely infinitely close to the combat strength of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse!” Li Shihua wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and warned loudly.

Everyone was shocked!

The moment Li Shihua warned them, the purple lightning struck Xu Tui’s body one after another. Other than the first attack of the purple lightning, Xu Tui had blocked it with his mental vibrating whip. He could not stop the rest.

Boom! Boom!

A bolt of purple lightning landed heavily on Xu Tui’s body. However, to his surprise, Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier fluctuated violently. It cracked layer by layer, but it did not break.

This scene stunned Li Shihua. Why was the Vajra Barrier stronger than his? He was the one who specialized in genetic ancient martial arts.

However, even though he was thinking about it, Li Shihua still roared, “Xu Tui, retreat quickly. The others, find a suitable distance and use cards to fight him!”

The speed of the purple lightning was too fast. Xu Tui had already been struck three times by the lightning while Li Shihua was roaring.

Xu Tui quickly recovered his Vajra Barrier and Vajra Tide Return Shield and blocked the second bolt of lightning.

The third bolt of lightning that followed closely behind completely shattered Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier, Vajra Shield, and the Thousand Vines Armor on his body. However, other than being blasted to the ground, Xu Tui was basically uninjured.

“F*ck, you’re Xu Tui! I’ll blast you away first!” Lei Xiang, who knew his identity, flapped his wings again. While he was instantly approaching Xu Tui, the purple lightning was like a cannon. Not only did it blast Xu Tui, but it also blasted the surrounding people.

In an instant, three to four people turned into charred carbon.

“Xu Tui, retreat quickly!”

“Retreat!”

Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, Zhao Hailong, and the others exclaimed.

Xu Tui, who had just gotten up, went all out when he saw this scene. Based on the current situation, he would not be able to kill Lei Xiang with his own abilities.

Xu Tui rubbed his fingers together and tore open a card that he had been holding in his hand. In the next moment, a khaki-colored egg screen enveloped Xu Tui’s entire body and blocked a bolt of purple lightning for him.