Chapter 845 - 845 The Power Of Lei Xiang (3)

845 The Power of Lei Xiang (3)

Xu Tui took out another card and tore it open without hesitation. “F*ck, my nickname is Improvement!”

Sword light!

A dazzling sword light instantly occupied the front.@@novelbin@@

This was the sword card given by Mr. Ji Qianli!

!!

Only a sword light blasted toward Lei Xiang the moment the card was torn apart by Xu Tui. The powerful sword light caused Lei Xiang’s pupils to constrict. The purple lightning that was about to strike Xu Tui instantly slashed back at him.

However, the moment the lightning struck back, the red light of the red fire slip suddenly surged out of Xu Tui’s mind and surged towards the mental whip genetic ability chain.

In the next moment, the mental whip that Xu Tui pulled out was doubled in size. It whipped the ancient beast phantom that enveloped Lei Xiang.

The ancient beast phantom trembled and the light dissipated greatly! The lightning that shot back to defend was directly dispersed. The sharp sword light instantly passed through all of Lei Xiang’s defenses.

However, Lei Xiang was also impressive. He was infinitely close to the strength of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. Ji Qianli’s sword could not kill him.

At the moment of life and death, a bolt of lightning flashed. Lei Xiang forcefully avoided his vital points. The sword light instantly passed through Lei Xiang’s small abdomen, causing him to scream.

The intense pain made the eyes of Lei Xiang turn red. The purple lightning once again surged toward Xu Tui.

With just three bolts of lightning, the khaki-colored egg screen that Xu Tui had seized from Trich shattered. However, Xu Tui tore open two cards almost at the same time. One was the khaki-colored egg screen that he had seized from Trich to protect himself. The other was He Wanjian’s sword card!

The moment the sword card was torn open, thousands of sword lights surged towards Lei Xiang.

Lei Xiang’s pupils constricted again. There was actually another one. Lightning surged around his body, and the purple lightning shot back again. He could only take these thousands of swords head-on. He could not dodge them.

At the same time, the red jade slip surged with red light again. The mental hammer, which had been doubled in size, struck Lei Xiang’s head. The mental hammer that had been doubled in strength this time caused Lei Xiang’s blackout for a while, or rather, tremble.

He swayed dizzily for a moment. This moment of delay determined the outcome. Thousands of sword lights instantly struck Lei Xiang.

However, Xu Tui was stunned the next moment.

The expected scene of Lei Xiang’s heart being pierced by ten thousand swords did not happen. Most of the sword lights, especially the sword lights at the vital points, were actually blocked by Lei Xiang’s defense!

The power of Mr. He’s Myriad Swords was far inferior to Mr. Ji’s sword. However, the other sword lights were not to be trifled with.

Booming through the limbs of Lei Xiang, one of his arms was sent flying on the spot!

He was still alive.

Xu Tui wondered if he should use Cai Shaochu’s card. The card that Principal Cai had given him was mainly used to save his life. It was not suitable for him at this moment.

While he was thinking, Li Shihua, Jian Qi, and Ruan Da tore open a card at the same time. Flames, earthen yellow light, and a hundred-meter-long sword light slashed at Lei Xiang at the same time.

At the critical moment, the three people who had been watching for more than ten seconds launched a fatal blow to Lei Xiang.

Li Shihua’s sword light was the fastest. He slashed horizontally. Even though Lei Xiang dodged quickly, it still cut off one of his thighs.

Lei Xiang let out a miserable scream. The other small thunder ball was directly crushed by Lei Xiang. In an instant, Lei Xiang turned into a ball of lightning and flashed a thousand meters away, directly splitting open Jian Qi and Ruan Da’s fatal attacks.

Jian Qi and Ruan Da, who had used the Origin Crystal ability seal card made by a precious Planetary realm powerhouse, had an ugly expression.

However, everyone still quickly surrounded Lei Xiang who had fled a thousand meters away.

Lei Xiang, who had lost a leg and arm, seemed to have gone crazy. “I won’t keep it. I won’t keep it anymore. I’ll break through now and kill you!”

A thunder ball and an extremely exquisite silver box were broken by Lei Xiang at the same time.