Chapter 847 - 847 Sealed! (2)

847 Sealed! (2)

A towering mountain suddenly appeared above Lei Xiang’s head. It was like a mountain seal as it smashed towards Lei Xiang.

Another thunder ball was crushed by Lei Xiang almost at the same time. In an instant, Lei Xiang turned into a bolt of lightning and instantly flashed a thousand meters away.

“F*ck, do you think you’re worthy of competing with me in terms of money?” The mountain smashed the entire ground until the earth shook. Lei Xiang shouted arrogantly.

Almost at the same time, a sword light suddenly soared into the sky. Without any movement, it crossed a thousand meters and instantly slashed at Lei Xiang that had just flashed a thousand meters away.

A look of fear suddenly appeared in Lei Xiang’s eyes. He was about to crush the lightning bead in his hand again. Just as he had said, when it came to spending money, he, Lei Xiang, was the little ancestor of those in front of him!

Many things that were extremely precious to the Blue Star humans were very common in the Spiritual Race. It was rare for ordinary families to eat delicacies once a year, but for a very small number of people, it was something they were sick of.

He still had more than a dozen of these lightning beads that could flash a thousand meters in an instant. They were used by his family to save his life if he encountered an accident.

Just as Lei Xiang was about to crush the lightning bead again and avoid Li Shihua’s sword light, an extremely strong mental fluctuation suddenly appeared around Xu Tui.

The scarlet light of the red jade slip expanded and increased the mental whip with all his might. The mental hammer condensed in the air instantly became extremely thick and heavy as it blasted towards Lei Xiang.

The moment it blasted over, a genetic ability chain with white genetic base points in Xu Tui’s body suddenly flicker.

Quantum entanglement energy teleportation genetic ability chain.

Three days ago, Xu Tui had developed and explored the genetic ability chain for nine months. He had finally formed a closed chain and a complete genetic ability chain. Its ability did not change much. It was still energy teleportation.

Anything that was in the form of energy could be teleported.

The moment the mental hammer hit Lei Xiang’s protective lightning ball, it suddenly flashed strangely and instantly disappeared.

The moment it disappeared, Xu Tui’s mental hammer had already passed through Lei Xiang’s protective lightning ball and landed heavily on his head.

Bang!

Lei Xiang’s head seemed to have been blasted by a mountain. There was a buzz and he was in a daze for a moment. The act of crushing the lightning bead instantly slowed down.

This slowdown was like the difference between heaven and earth! The sword light that Li Shihua activated, which was condensed and sealed by a Planetary realm, instantly slashed down!

Lei Xiang’s protective lightning ball was slashed through by the sword. The sword light cut diagonally into Lei Xiang’s neck, and blood spurted out. Just as he was about to kill Lei Xiang on the spot, the ancient beast pendant floating in front of Lei Xiang’s chest suddenly exploded into a beam of light.

It collided fiercely with the sword light.

Roar!

The terrifying roar of an ancient beast resounded throughout the entire battlefield. The ancient beast phantom instantly became solid and blocked the sword light that was about to behead Lei Xiang.

Lei Xiang, who had been confused by the mental hammer for a moment, also woke up. He instantly broke out in a cold sweat.@@novelbin@@

Lightning surged. The hundreds of Origin Crystals that had just been thrown out turned into energy and injected into the ancient beast phantom.

A second later, the ancient beast phantom suddenly let out a sad cry!

The ancient beast phantom was split into two by the sword light. At the same time, the ancient beast pendant on Lei Xiang’s chest shattered into powder on the spot. At the same time, Li Shihua’s sword light was like an arrow at the end of its flight. It dissipated on the spot under the lightning.

Whoosh!

The protective lightning ball that had just been split open closed again.

“F*ck your ancestors. The coming-of-age present given by the Divine Ancestor was ruined by you!” Lei Xiang roared angrily!

At the same time, on a planet in the distant depths of the Milky Way outside the solar system, an old man with white hair and beard suddenly opened his eyes. His gaze was deep, as if he could see through the starry sky.

“Is it Xiang’er?” Then, the old man shouted softly, “Go, contact Lei Tian. What happened at the frontline?”

“Yes, we will follow the Saint’s decree!”

Looking at the thunder ball that had closed, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and Jian Qi were dumbfounded. The three of them used three Planetary realm powerhouse Origin Crystal ability seal cards in a row, not to mention that they were cooperating.

Ruan Da looked at Xu Tui. “That ability of yours just now was very useful. Can you use it again? I still have the last card that can threaten him.”

As a Mystery Branch superb individual, Ruan Da and Jian Qi could sense Xu Tui’s cooperation just now.

It could be said that if Xu Tui had not affected Lei Xiang just now, the three of them would not have been able to hurt Lei Xiang even if they used three cards from a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui was also stunned.

Under such circumstances, Lei Xiang did not die! Especially the ancient beast pendant. It was too f*cking awesome.

Lei Xiang was really rich. He took one life-saving item after another. This reminded Xu Tui of Yanzi on the Mars battlefield last year. She also received the same life-saving items.

It was awesome!

“It’s the mental whip. I used a secret technique just now and it affected him. I can’t do it anymore.” Xu Tui was a little puzzled.

“You can’t use it anymore? What price do we need to pay? We have to kill this fellow immediately. Otherwise, we’ll all be finished when he successfully advances!” Ruan Da was a little anxious.

Xu Tui could not tell them about the red fire slip. “I’ve already used it up. I can’t use it for the time being. If I absorb 10 grams of Origin Crystal Energy in a short period of time, I can unleash it again.”

“There’s no time to absorb 10 grams of Origin Crystals! He’ll be able to complete the breakthrough in five minutes at most!” Ruan Da said.

“Focus fire!” Li Shihua took a deep breath. “Everyone, come and focus fire. Let’s see if we can break his protective lightning ball before he successfully breaks through! Otherwise, all of us will die!”

Ruan Da and Jian Qi were helpless. This was the only way. Although there was a success rate, the problem was that Lei Xiang was not a fool that he would stay there and let you focus your fire!

This move could be said to be a helpless move.

Just as they were about to gather the others, Xu Tui suddenly asked, “Everyone, let me ask you a question. Did you successfully break through when you broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, or did something else happen?”

“What kind of breakthrough are you thinking about now? Hurry up and gather your men to focus fire!” Jian Qi said anxiously.

“As long as there are no genomic chains that break because they can’t withstand the heavy pressure, nothing will happen when you break through!” Li Shihua replied.

“In that case, I’ll try to break through. I might be able to kill this guy!”

Jian Qi was about to go crazy.

The f*cking Lei Xiang had broken through from the peak of the Genetic Transmutation Realm to the quasi-planetary realm. Once he broke through, he might have the combat power of a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Even if you, Xu Tui, could break through, you were only at the Genetic Evolution Realm. What was the point of joining in the fun?

Even if you, Xu Tui, broke through from the Genetic Mutation Realm to the Genetic Evolution Realm on the spot, what was the point?

If not for Xu Tui’s previous battle results, Jian Qi would have flown into a rage.

Not far away, Lei Xiang also smiled ferociously. “Kill me? Dream on! Wait, wait a few more minutes. When I break through, I’ll definitely train all of you into dogs! Train all of you into dogs to lick my shoes every day!”

Everyone’s expressions became extremely ugly when the topic of a hero being lectured like a dog was brought up again.

That was because it was possible to do so from the technology of the alien invaders.

The consequences!

“Quick, come over and focus fire on me. Blow open this lightning shell!” Jian Qi roared!

At the same time, without any warning, a huge ‘seal’ word suddenly exploded in the air. The word ‘seal’ suddenly flashed. While Lei Xiang was still confused about what it was, the word ‘seal’ landed on Lei Xiang.

The huge word ‘seal’ ignored Lei Xiang’s protective lightning ball and Lei Xiang’s protective lightning. It seemed to have fallen into Lei Xiang’s body from another dimension. Everything inside and outside Lei Xiang’s body stopped where the word ‘seal’ shone.

The lightning stopped flickering, the aura around Lei Xiang stopped increasing, and the wound on Lei Xiang stopped healing.

Lei Xiang blinked. He wanted to speak, but he could not. He was stunned!

“F*ck, you also have a Planetary realm powerhouse’s Origin Crystal ability seal card?” Jian Qi exclaimed.

“Help me protect it. I’ll try to break through quickly too!” Xu Tui greeted and instantly took out two Origin Crystals.