Chapter 842 - 842 Miao Huanshan’S Pride (2)

842 Miao Huanshan’s Pride (2)

“I can only turn the soil of more than two meters at most into sand. Even if the layers of sand are continuous, the layer of sand is 2.5 meters. It’s the deepest.”

This news made Xu Tui frown anxiously. If the sandification was ineffective, it would be troublesome to force Lei Xiang and the others out of the ground. As long as they stayed underground for an hour or so until the reinforcements from Base 5 arrived, the subsequent battle would become abnormally difficult.

The casualties would definitely exceed expectations.

Xu Tui could not help but look at Jian Qi. Not only was he at the Genetic Evolution Realm, but he was also the son of a Planetary realm powerhouse. He could only count on him at this moment.

!!

At this moment, the mind power fluctuations around Jian Qi were abnormally intense. A huge amount of earthen yellow light sprinkled onto the ground from between his fingers. The ground visibly turned into dry quicksand.

However, Jian Qi’s forehead soon started to sweat. Under Xu Tui’s focused gaze, he said helplessly, “I’m sorry. I can only turn the soil into sand for about 3.5 meters.

“With all due respect, even an ordinary Genetic Transmutation Realm expert would not be able to reach a depth of five meters with the Quicksand Technique,” Jian Qi said.

Xu Tui’s heart sank. To be honest, other than the Quicksand Technique, Xu Tui had not thought of a way to force Lei Xiang and the others out of the ground in a short period of time.

This was f*cking strange.

However, on the other hand, the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang was still very powerful.

Under such a surprise attack, they managed to avoid Xu Tui’s concentrated fire and wait for reinforcements in a manner that allowed them to be buried underground. This brought Xu Tui and the others immense pressure.

“Vice-Captain Jian, is there any other way to force the crowd five meters underground up?” Xu Tui asked.

Jian Qi considered for a moment and shook his head.

Just as Xu Tui was frowning, Miao Huanshan, who was not far away, suddenly shouted with sweat all over his forehead. “Commander, I’m almost at 4.5 meters. The depth of my sandification is already 4.5 meters. Help me find a weak spot. I’m almost there!”

Xu Tui was delighted, but Jian Qi’s eyes widened.

“Four and a half meters deep. Are you bragging? You haven’t broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, right?” Jian Qi was puzzled.

He was an earth-element superb individual at the Genetic Evolution Realm. His sandification depth was only 3.5 meters. Miao Huanshan was at the Genetic Mutation Realm. How could his sandification depth reach 4.5 meters?

Xu Tui also quickly walked toward Miao Huanshan. “Really?”

At the same time, Jian Qi, who had a look of disbelief, also walked closer to Miao Huanshan. The moment he got closer, he was stunned. “It’s really 4.5 meters. How did you do that? I’m only 3.5 meters.”

Miao Huanshan knew Jian Qi’s identity. He was the vice-captain of the Haotian Special Forces, a descendant of a Planetary realm powerhouse, a genetic nobility, and a Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator.

After hearing Jian Qi’s surprise, he, who was sweating profusely, suddenly became happy. There must be a reason why an ordinary Genetic Mutation Realm earth-element superb individual like him was stronger than a Genetic Evolution Realm.

Only he understood the mystery behind this.

“Commander, thank you!”

“Get lost! Tell me quickly, can you turn the soil above their heads into sand?”

Xu Tui naturally understood why Miao Huanshan thanked him. He also understood why Miao Huanshan’s quicksand technique was so powerful.

When Miao Huanshan had completely released his mind and asked Xu Tui to use his mental perception to observe the genetic ability chain in his body, he had discovered two synapses on Miao Huanshan’s Quicksand Genetic Ability Chain. They were actually two related genetic base points that had been slightly developed.

During this period of time, Miao Huanshan had already activated it.

However, Xu Tui was too busy and did not ask too much. He did not expect the power of Miao Huanshan’s Quicksand Technique to increase so much after he activated two new genetic base points. It was even stronger than a cultivator at the Genetic Evolution Realm like Jian Qi!

“Commander, 4.5 meters is already the limit of my Quicksand Technique. Help me find a weak area. Under the heavy pressure of the quicksand, we should be able to trap them and force them out,” Miao Huanshan, who was sweating profusely but smiling brightly, said.

He felt inexplicably proud!

Jian Qi, who was at the side, was confused. This was f*cking illogical!

Miao Huanshan was clearly in the Genetic Mutation Realm. Logically speaking, it was impossible for the Quicksand Technique he used to be on par with him, let alone a third-year student like him!

“You should get a mind power enhancement pendant!”

“I was poor in the past. I’ll do it when I get back this time!” Miao Huanshan chuckled.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui removed his mind power enhancement necklace almost instantly. If more outsiders used this thing, the mind power aura inside would become impure. The more interference there was, the weaker its power would be. However, Xu Tui had no choice now.

However, just as he was about to hand over the mind power enhancement necklace and the instant, Xu Tui suddenly had a thought.

He seemed to have an ability that he could try.

Xu Tui put on the mind power enhancement necklace again. He looked at the slightly stunned Miao Huanshan and said, “I have another technique. Continue to use the Quicksand Technique. Be careful not to resist my mind power. It would be best if you take the initiative to accept my mind power.”

“Hey, Commander, aren’t you talking nonsense? I’ve already handed my life to you. Why would I still be afraid of this? Come at me. It’s not the first time!”

“Okay!”

While Miao Huanshan continued to use the Quicksand Technique, Xu Tui’s mind power instantly cut into the original quantum frequency of the mountain.

After cutting into the original quantum frequency of the mountain, the fluctuations of the Quicksand Technique that Miao Huanshan was using were as dazzling as the flash bombs in the night sky.

In an instant, Xu Tui’s mind power cut into it.

It was instantiated and magnified! At the same time, Miao Huanshan felt that his Quicksand Technique seemed to have suddenly been increased by several times.

The depth of the Quicksand Technique instantly reached seven to eight meters. The area within a 10-meter radius of Miao Huanshan turned to sand.

The quicksand was pervasive.

Lei Xiang’s team still had a certain amount of space to move underground, but at this moment, they were instantly filled with quicksand.

The quicksand on the surface began to decrease rapidly.

“All of you, retreat. Old Miao, retreat and continue to use the Quicksand Technique. I’ll assist. The rest of you, prepare to fight!”

In the next moment, Miao Huanshan’s Quicksand Technique flew out. Every move was magnified by Xu Tui’s instantiation perception, directly increasing the power of Miao Huanshan’s Quicksand Technique by several times.

This time, not only did the soil above Lei Xiang and the others become sand, but even the soil beside them and even under their feet began to rapidly become sand.

Xu Tui’s instantiation ability of the School of General Senses doubled Miao Huanshan’s strength.

Of course, there was a reason why this instantiation ability had such a huge increase. It was because Miao Huanshan completely trusted Xu Tui. His natural mental barrier had completely accepted Xu Tui’s mind power.

Not only did he not resist, but he also did not actively accept Xu Tui’s mind power.

...

To be more specific, it was a little like a fusion! However, in Xu Tui’s opinion, this was definitely not a fusion. It was an instantiation. If it were anyone else who did not trust Xu Tui, they would be able to increase their power by 20 to 30%.

On the other side, Xu Tui and Miao Huanshan retreated as they cooperated. Underground, Lei Xiang and the others were completely stunned.