Chapter 849 - 849 Fallen Star And Energy Teleportation—Explode! (2)

849 Fallen Star and Energy Teleportation—Explode! (2)

Nearby, the members of the Hao Tian, Taiyi, and the Worldly Special Forces were shocked when they saw this scene.

They subconsciously stood at attention.

Salute!

In the next moment, the 10-packed triangular flying saucer rose into the air at the same time and began to circle around and accelerate. It was just waiting for an order—Fallen Star!

!!

On the other side, Zhu Lang, whose eyes were red, wiped his tears and quickly rushed to Xu Tui, Ruan Da, and Li Shihua’s side.

“Think of a way. Don’t be stingy with the precious things in your hands. Smash them as hard as you can! I don’t want to use the Fallen Star tactic unless I have no choice! If we really did kill this bastard, I, Old Zhu, will remember your favor. I’ll give you my life!” Zhu Lang said with red eyes.

Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and Jian Qi pursed their lips tightly and nodded slightly. “Don’t worry, Commander Zhu. We’re all Chinese. We won’t hold back at this moment!”

“How long can the word ‘Seal’ that Xu Tui used last?” Zhu Lang asked.

“This word should belong to Principal Cai Shaochu. Even among Planetary realm powerhouses, Principal Cai is the strongest. With the current level of Lei Xiang’s Genetic Transmutation Realm, it shouldn’t be a problem to seal him for five minutes!” Ruan Da said.

“Five minutes. Alright! If we can’t kill him within five minutes, then cooperate with me and implement the Fallen Star Tactic!”

Zhu Lang was extremely emotional, but he was also a standard soldier! After being emotional, the responsibility on his shoulders was everything!

By the side, the aura around Xu Tui began to fluctuate rapidly. An indescribable fear suddenly surfaced in Xu Tui’s heart. It was as if taking another step forward was a bottomless abyss, a sea of flames, and hell.

He was still one step away from completely strengthening the mental whip genetic ability chain to Level 3 gold. This was the extreme warning brought about by the fear instinct that was branded in the genes of intelligent life.

Unknown!

Unknown!

Unknown!

Every cultivator who broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm had to go through this! This instinctive fear made countless people, including Xu Tui, have the urge to retreat.

Many people cowered here. Taking a step back for the first time basically meant that he would never be able to cross this hurdle.

Mind power and willpower were not equal. However, Xu Tui’s concentration, determination, and willpower, which he had trained since he was young, were not to be underestimated.

Persistent meditation for decades was a manifestation of willpower.

Xu Tui’s mind did not waver. He continuously injected a large amount of Origin Energy into the genetic ability chain. Suddenly, the mental whip genetic ability chain jumped. The entire genetic chain turned into a level-three gold color.

Level-three golden genetic base points were embedded into a golden chain. They shone brightly.

Almost at the moment it pierced through, under the illusory introspection, every time the Level 3 golden mental whip genetic ability chain was refined, a large amount of golden light would spread in all directions.

Some of the golden light was absorbed by the other genetic ability chains, but most of it began to fuse into Xu Tui’s muscles, bones, internal organs, and even nerves.

An indescribable heat spread out from Xu Tui’s head.

Xu Tui knew that his genetic evolution had begun. As the main genetic ability chain, the mental whip genetic ability chain was just the start of the evolution.

Xu Tui opened his eyes as he continued to absorb the Origin Crystals. The heat emitting from his head made him feel extremely awake. He first glanced at the Fallen Star team that was already circling in the distance and preparing for battle. Xu Tui asked, “How long has it been?”

“Three minutes and 40 seconds!” Zhao Hailong and Yang Huai, who were guarding Xu Tui, replied at the same time.

“How is it?” Zhu Lang asked anxiously.

“Let me try first!”

Three seconds later, Xu Tui condensed another mental hammer. The mental hammer condensed after breaking through to Level 3 genetic chain was slightly larger and had more patterns. Its body was actually covered in a faint golden color.

Xu Tui activated his mind power and sent a mental hammer toward Lei Xiang. However, the mental hammer was blocked by the word ‘Seal’. This word sealed all power. If it did not disappear, Xu Tui’s mental hammer would not be able to enter.

He could not bombard the enemy, but he could bombard himself.

Bang!

He swung his hammer toward himself.

Xu Tui’s mind trembled violently. His vision blurred and he almost fainted on the spot. The moment he woke up, Xu Tui compared his previous feelings and immediately had a rough judgment.

After completely strengthening his mental whip to a level-three golden genetic chain, the power of the mental hammer had increased by nearly 50%.

However, it still could not compare to the nearly doubled enhancement from the red fire slip. He had already used the mind power enhancement necklace!

“Did you bring any stimulants?” Xu Tui looked at Zhu Lang.

“Yes, there are both Level B and Level C. They can be used by Level B Genetic Evolution Realms and Level C Genetic Mutation Realms!”

“Come, immediately. Hurry!”

Xu Tui could sense that the power of the Sealing Formula had already begun to dissipate. Immediately, a military doctor ran over and began to inject Xu Tui with a Level B Amine Stimulant. “It will take effect in 30 seconds. Negative effects include headache, drowsiness, nervousness, anxiety…”

The effectiveness of a Level B Amine Stimulant was extremely fast. Almost at the same time, Xu Tui saw the genetic ability chain that had formed in his body suddenly become active.

The mental hammer began to increase rapidly.

At least 10%!

“How many injections can I get at most?”

“Two injections, but the side effects will be multiplied!”

“Give me another injection!”

The military doctor did not hesitate. The Fallen Star team was still circling in the sky. Less than 30 seconds after the injection, the word ‘Seal’ that had trapped Lei Xiang began to dissipate.

“Commander Zhu, focus fire first!”

“Attention, all long-range units. Prepare to focus fire!” After saying that, Zhu Lang shouted into the command channel with red eyes, “Fallen Star Team, get ready!”

Boom!

When all kinds of lights blasted forward, Lei Xiang finally regained his freedom. The fear of being restricted instantly disappeared. Lei Xiang cursed at Xu Tui, “Do you have another one? If you have the guts, give me another one!

“When I break through later, I’ll be the first to deal with you. I’ll definitely train you into a pug in the future!” Lei Xiang cursed as his aura surged.

...

It was also at this moment that Lei Xiang wanted to crush another lightning bead. He did not want to be focused on. It would definitely be uncomfortable if more than 30 Genetic Evolution Realm experts focused their fire on him.

He did not know if his protective lightning ball could withstand it. But he could dodge!

Just as Lei Xiang’s fingers were about to crush the lightning bead, the mental hammer that Xu Tui had just condensed instantly moved.

The moment it blasted out, it was teleported!

Bang!

Lei Xiang felt his mind shake. He was confused and stopped in his tracks. Countless lights instantly blasted onto the lightning ball. The surface of the lightning ball began to fluctuate.

In an extremely short period of time, Lei Xiang recovered. However, before he could recover, Xu Tui’s mental hammer struck again.

With every explosion, Lei Xiang’s mind shook slightly.

“F*ck!” Lei Xiang shouted and suddenly forced himself to focus. He wanted to brace himself. As long as he blocked a little, he would be able to recover and escape!@@novelbin@@

However, the moment Lei Xiang raised his mental shield, the rhythm of Xu Tui’s mental hammer stopped.

Lei Xiang was suddenly delighted. It had finally stopped! At the same time, an earth spike suddenly stabbed out of thin air in front of Xu Tui. The moment it stabbed out, it was teleported with energy.

...

A violent earth spike suddenly appeared in the lightning ball.

Lei Xiang was shocked. Most of the earth spikes were blocked by his lightning, but two of the earth spikes stabbed towards Lei Xiang’s broken leg and arm.

The defense of this place was extremely weak. The earth spike instantly pierced through. The moment it pierced through, lightning flashed in the lightning ball, and Xu Tui’s earth spike was destroyed.

However, the earth spike still pierced through in the end. It once again caused the barely scabbed wound to become a bloody mess. Blood instantly spurted out.

The Spiritual Race was the same as humans. Most of their blood samples were water.

Water Explosion!

Energy teleportation!

Bang bang bang bang!

Under everyone’s dumbfounded gazes, blood began to explode crazily from the wounds on Lei Xiang’s broken leg and arm.

Every ball of blood light exploded with a large amount of flesh, blood, and bone dregs. It exploded all the way inward and directly exploded with the internal organs of Lei Xiang.

Under the continuous explosions, Lei Xiang fainted from the pain. The moment he saw Lei Xiang’s intestines explode, Zhu Lang suddenly laughed!

It was settled!