Chapter 841 - 841 Miao Huanshan’S Pride (1)

841 Miao Huanshan’s Pride (1)

In the night sky, the flash of Xu Tui’s flying sword and the loud sound of the Mountain Formula were the signal to attack.

Zhao Hailong and the others, Ruan Da and the others from Haotian, Li Shihua and the others from Taiyi, as well as Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, and the others who had personally led the team over, all held their breaths.

They focused their attention and their mind power or energy field surged. They were ready to attack. They were all waiting for the enemy to crawl out of the hole.

No matter how many Genetic Transmutation Realm experts crawled out of the hole immediately, they would definitely be able to kill three to four of them with their most elite and powerful geniuses in the Huaxia Sector.

As long as this first wave could destroy three to four Genetic Transmutation Realm enemies, this battle would be settled!

However, what dumbfounded everyone was that there was no movement.

No enemies rushed out!

They had taken off their opponent’s pants, but their target had disappeared.

Xu Tui was also stunned. This did not make sense. The hole in the wall looked like it had collapsed. However, no one rushed out.

Could it be that the entire mountain had blasted them to death?

However, Xu Tui knew very well that this possibility was infinite.

“What’s going on? Did we get the wrong enemy information?” Dai Yizhou from Taiyi was the first to speak. The aura in the combat command channel instantly became solemn.

The consequences would be unimaginable if the information was wrong. If they missed here, where would the enemy be?

This question was terrifying!

“There’s no mistake. The enemy is here. Be quiet and wait for the order!” Xu Tui shouted.

“Be careful. The enemy might have expected our strategy, so they would rather be buried than rush out. Be careful. The Mechanical Spirit Clan’s engineering ability is extremely strong. They might run out from a certain direction at any time.” Li Zhen’s voice sounded.

It had to be said that Li Zhen’s reaction was extremely fast. Xu Tui had just thought of this.

“Boss, the colonial aura they used to communicate has become stronger. It has recovered. There should be an infusion of Origin Energy.” The voice of Tri Ling Ding suddenly sounded.

Xu Tui frowned. He immediately thought of Base 5. “Commander Zhu, inform the Africa Sector and the Russian Federation to increase their vigilance. Be careful of the enemy’s surprise attack from Base 5.”

At this moment, the colony used for Lei Xiang’s communication was underground in front of him. In a crisis, he did not break out of the encirclement but contacted the outside world. Other than calling for reinforcements, there was no other possibility.

Xu Tui frowned as he looked at the cave-in in the calabash-shaped valley. The nearly five-meter-thick cave-in had become a natural protective layer for Lei Xiang and the others. No matter how you burned or struck by lightning, the power would be negligible when you passed through the thick soil.

Even his mental senses could not probe deeper because of the thick soil. He could only vaguely sense the fluctuations of life power below, but he could not accurately sense it.

Suddenly, Xu Tui took a step forward. He instantiated his senses and sensed the earth.

Almost instantly, Xu Tui noticed a group of people buried in the ground. A few Mechanical Spirits had already transformed into the Engineering Excavation Form and were already opening tunnels underground.

“Old Miao!” Xu Tui shouted as his mind raced. Miao Huanshan, who was behind him, quickly ran over. “Are there any earth-element supernatural beings in the various units who are good at Earthquake and Quicksand? If there are, gather at my side immediately.

“Right away!”

Almost as soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, two people from the Taiyi Special Force and four people from the Haotian Special Force rushed out.

The leader of Haotian was their vice-captain, Jian Qi.

Jian Qi was an earth-element superb individual.

Xu Tui calmed down slightly when he saw Jian Qi. This was the son of a Planetary realm powerhouse. His abilities should not be bad.

When Miao Huanshan arrived, Jian Qi also arrived with his men.

“How?” Jian Qi asked.

“What’s going on? Does anyone know how to use the Earthquake Technique?”

“I don’t think so. The requirements for using the Earthquake Technique are too high. Usually, only those at the Genetic Transmutation Realm can use it,” Jian Qi said.

“Everyone in this area, use the Quicksand Technique continuously. When you reach this area, turn them all into sand. The rock and soil won’t bury them, but the quicksand definitely can!”@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui used his fastest speed to split into eight large-scale areas. Everyone used the Quicksand Technique in one area.

“The rest of you, get ready for battle.” Xu Tui shouted in the combat channel while Jian Qi, Miao Huanshan, and the others were using the Quicksand Technique.

“Xu Tui, 13 Genetic Transmutation Realm and 50 Genetic Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits suddenly charged out of Base 5. The pressure on the Africa Sector and the Russian Federation is very great,” Zhu Lang suddenly said.

This news made Xu Tui curse in his heart.

Lei Xiang was really ruthless. He actually put in 13 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts in Base 5. If he followed the previous method, he would most likely not be able to return. However, this way, the matter of the traitor was confirmed!

There must be a traitor who was connected to the alien races within the six alliances. Moreover, it was definitely not low-level. It was at the command level!

“There’s no need to fight to the death. Just ask them to stall for time.”

It would take at least an hour to get here from Base 5. Under normal circumstances, an hour was enough. As long as he forced Lei Xiang and the others out of the ground, the battle would only take a few minutes.

“F*ck, we can’t do it, the soil is too thick!”

“The depth of my Quicksand Technique is only more than a meter.”