Chapter 848 - 848 Fallen Star And Energy Teleportation—Explode! (1)

848 Fallen Star and Energy Teleportation—Explode! (1)

An extremely strange scene appeared on the battlefield of the calabash-shaped valley.

Lei Xiang of the Spiritual Race had the word ‘seal’ placed on his body. His eyes were wide with anger, but Xu Tui held the Origin Crystal in his hand. The aura around his body fluctuated and kept increasing.

Outside the core battlefield, the pursuit continued.

The other ten Genetic Transmutation Realm experts led by the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang, including Yin Suo and Bu Zheng, had all been wiped out. They were all the focus targets for everyone.@@novelbin@@

Only a small number of Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Evolution Realm were escaping. A portion of them were chasing after them. As for the others, other than a portion of them who were on guard and searching the battlefield, the 32 Genetic Evolution Realm experts were all gathered around Lei Xiang.

Once Xu Tui’s so-called attempts failed, they would use the stupidest method to focus fire on them. The 32 Genetic Evolution Realm elites were basically more than half of the elite forces in the various special forces in the Huaxia Sector.

If this did not work, they could only risk their lives in the end.

In the battle team, ten soldiers were already sitting quietly at the side. Each of them had a string of high-explosive grenades tied to their chests and backs. There were also ten triangular flying saucers that had been combined. In front of each of them was a small pile of at least 100 grams of Origin Crystals.

This was the most tragic and heroic method.

This was the method that the humans of the Blue Star used the most a hundred years ago when they were unable to resist the full-scale invasion of the Spiritual Race.

Although superpowers were powerful, there was still a law to energy. A bomb, three ultra-micro fusion reactors, and an energy booster like an Origin Crystal. Such a lineup could even crush the teeth of a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Let alone a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse who had just broken through!

Of course, quasi-planetary-level powerhouses were not live targets. They were not people who could die together just because they wanted to. However, if there were 10 of them, they would definitely be able to get one with the cooperation of supernatural beings.

Back then, the humans of the Blue Star had survived like this!

This was also one of the reasons why the Genetic Committee of the six major sectors could have the right to speak. Back then, they had used their blood and lives to push the alien invaders out.

They could do it back then and they could do it now!

Moreover, this was a strange planet. Things were incomplete. On the Blue Star and the Moon, there was no need to go through so much trouble. Ten small nuclear fusion reactors could intimidate a large number of people.

Of course, if they wanted to successfully die together, they needed the cooperation of supernatural beings.

Without the cooperation of other supernatural beings, they could not die together.

Zhu Lang glanced at Xu Tui. His eyes were red as he walked in front of the 10 soldiers. He picked up a bottle of wine that was extremely precious on this alien planet. He was not afraid of inhaling the air of the alien planet and took a big gulp. “I’ll drink up. You guys… do whatever you want!”

“Commander, you’re afraid!” A soldier looked at Zhu Lang and gulped down a mouthful of wine. He smiled.

“Scram! You’re the coward!”

“Then why are your eyes red?”

“The wine was spilled…” Zhu Lang choked. He took another sip of wine and said, “When I came, no one expected to use this move… I don’t know what to say. I’ll drink! If anyone really left, other than their own compensation, all my gains, funds, and salary for the next three years would be given to their families! Also, if you have any other wishes, tell me quickly. If I can satisfy them, I will. If I can’t, I’ll remember it!”

One of the slightly young-looking soldiers suddenly said, “Commander, I’ve never had a girlfriend. They all say that a girlfriend’s chest is very soft. Can you tell me what it looks like and how it feels?”

This question…

Zhu Lang rubbed his head. His eyes were red and he felt like he was going crazy. “Soft, so f*cking soft! Who has a video here? Hurry up and send it over. Who brought the videos!” Zhu Lang roared!

No one responded. Zhu Lang stomped his feet in anxiety.

No one responded!

Who would bring a f*cking video when they were here to participate in the battle? Even if they did, they would not put it in their personal communication device.

The middle-aged captain of the Fallen Star team looked at the anxious Zhu Lang and suddenly laughed. “We’re all f*cking ready!” He stood up and downed a small bottle of wine. He smashed the bottle into pieces with a bang. “Let’s go. Get on the plane and prepare for battle!”

The other nine members of the Fallen Star team gulped down the hard liquor, smashed the bottles, and turned around to get on the plane.

The slightly young-looking soldier choked on the hard liquor and coughed a few times. He glanced at Zhu Lang, who was hopping around anxiously, and an inexplicable smile appeared on his face. He turned around and boarded the plane.

Zhu Lang’s eyes were red. He was anxious! He suddenly stepped forward and grabbed the soldier’s hand. He tore open his combat uniform and pressed the soldier’s hand against his chest.

“Touch, f*cking touch. Breasts are all like this. Touch them properly. Hurry up and touch them. Let me tell you, many women’s breasts are not as big as me!”

At this moment, Zhu Lang’s appearance was extremely comical. At first glance, he looked a little like a talk show, but no one was laughing!

After pinching twice, the soldier withdrew his hand and smiled at Zhu Lang. He turned around and boarded the plane. The moment he boarded the plane, the slightly tender-looking soldier suddenly said, “F*ck, you’re all f*cking coaxing me. Your breasts are hard, not soft!”

No one laughed. No one said anything!

“Salute!”

When the ten warriors of the Fallen Star team boarded the mechanical cabin, a long whistle instantly sounded. The warriors of the Huaxia Sector who heard the whistle turned around and saluted the ten triangular flying saucers.