Chapter 859 - 859 The Key On Lei Xiang

859 The Key on Lei Xiang

Planet Kono, the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

Lightning suddenly exploded in the command hall on the top floor. The heart of the female adjutant, Lei Qian, who was anxiously waiting, skipped a beat. She immediately went forward.

There was only one person in the entire forward operating base who could blast the lightning directly into the command hall of the base—Commander-in-Chief Lei Tian.

This meant that whether it was the loss of contact with the main base of the resource planet or the loss of contact with Lei Tian, one of these two matters was extremely important to Lord Lei Tian.

It was so important that Lord Lei Tian actually felt that the ship was too slow and used his superpower, Lightning Escape, to rush back.

Lei Qian guessed that Lei Xiang should be more important to Lord Lei Tian.

The resource planet belonged to the Spiritual Race, while Lei Xiang is a relative of Lord Lei Tian.

At this moment, 11 hours had passed since Lei Qian reported that they had lost contact with the main base.

“Sir, you’re back? Over at the resource planet of Extreme Wind Number Seven…”

Lei Qian was about to report when she was stopped by Lei Tian. Instead, he took out a special signed document that had been fused with a portion of the Origin Crystals from the command table. Lightning flashed on his right index finger, and Lei Tian began to write with lightning.

“Order: Lang Ju will bring his main forces and immediately move to the intermediate planet of the asteroid belt, Ceres. Level 1 security. Unknown forces can be killed on the spot. Protect the quantum teleportation hub of Ceres at the core.”

After writing the order, Lei Tian added the seal to the order and handed it to Lei Qian. “Make a backup immediately and upload it to the Sanctuary for filing. Then, send it to Lang Ju. Also, tell Lang Ju that he can die in battle, but he can’t lose the quantum teleportation hub of the Ceres Star.”

Lei Qian took it and was about to leave when Lei Tian stopped her. “Wait a moment. There’s more.”

In front of Lei Qian, Lei Tian started to write another order.

“Order: Lang Fanyun and his main forces will set off for Planet Charon to patrol within three days. Snipe the Great Xi and Muya people who might appear. If any of the Great Xi or Muya people appeared in the inner solar system, they would be subject to military law!”

As soon as this order was given, Lei Qian’s expression changed. “Sir, have the Great Xu and the Muya people already reached Planet Charon?”

Lei Tian nodded slightly. He had patrolled this time because of this. Otherwise, ordinary situations were not worth him personally patrolling.

Looking at the order in his hand, Lei Qian had a difficult expression. “Sir, the order to mobilize Lord Lang Fanyun requires the approval of the Sanctuary and the approval of the Sanctuary Token. After all, he is also a Planetary realm powerhouse.”

“Report to the Sanctuary. The Sanctuary will approve it! Letting the Great Xi and the Muyas fool around in the asteroid belt is already our last bottom line. Once the Great Xi and the Muya people discovered the exact location of the inner solar system and rushed into it, that would be the real trouble! I’m afraid all our efforts over the years will be in vain,” Lei Tian said.

“Get it done immediately. We’ll talk about Lei Xiang when it’s done.”

Knowing how serious the situation was, Lei Qian quickly left.

After Lei Qian left, Lei Tian did not stay idle. He immediately called another lieutenant over and asked him about the situation on the resource planet.

“We’ve completely lost contact with the first main base of the Resource Planet Number Seven? What level is this loss of contact? Is there no signal at all, no response, or has it disappeared?” Lei Xiao asked.

The lieutenant first saluted, then said, “Reporting to the commander-in-chief, the signal of the main base of the Resource Planet No. 7 has disappeared from the timed security communication list of the forward base.”

“Did you activate the emergency enhanced communication?”

“Commander-in-chief, it’s activated, but we still haven’t found a signal.”

“Did you use the Ling Clan’s communication device?”

“Reporting to the commander-in-chief, the Ling Clan’s communication body has been activated. However, there is no response from the other party.”

Lei Tian rubbed the space between his brows, feeling a little tired.

Lei Qian’s good qualities were not limited to her figure and position on the bed. He could easily find a woman like that.

The good thing about Lei Qian was that she could handle her work in an orderly manner and take care of his life meticulously. Lastly, she could add points to her beauty and bed and battle skills.

If Lei Qian was here, she would have been able to figure out the main points in a few sentences even without him asking or answering.@@novelbin@@

He might as well not ask further. Something had happened to the resource planet, but it would take more than ten minutes to remedy the situation.

He closed his eyes and rested. Although there was no big battle during this patrol, he kept discovering small problems. It made him a little tired.

Moreover, the Sanctuary…

Thirty minutes later, Lei Qian returned in a hurry. “Sir, Lord Lang Ju’s forces have already begun to gather. They are expected to set off for Ceres Star tomorrow afternoon. It’s just that Lord Lang Fanyun…”

“What’s wrong with Lang Fanyun?” Lei Yun asked with his eyes closed.

“Lord Lang Fanyun asked why his lineage was sent for the hard and tiring work, yet he could not get any good work? He also said…” Lei Qian hesitated.

“What else did he say?”

“He also said that he has already applied to the Sanctuary to rescue Lei Xiang and retrieve the resource planet.” Lei Qian said carefully.

“What about my orders? Did he refuse to accept them?”

“No, but the Sanctuary hasn’t signed it yet. Lord Lang Fanyun said that he will execute the one signed by the Sanctuary!” Lei Qian said.

“At least he’s not muddle-headed!” Lei Xiao sneered and pursed his lips. “Then don’t worry about it. He’ll just complain. The Sanctuary will definitely issue my orders. Otherwise, they can replace the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base.

“Now, report to me the situation on Lei Xiang and the resource planet.”

“Sir, at the moment, we have lost contact in all aspects with both Lord Lei Xiang and the resource planet,” Lei Qian said softly.

Lei Qian’s words had basically resolved all of his doubts. The sentence “lost contact in all aspects” made Lei Xiao, who was resting with his eyes closed, suddenly open his eyes. “Have we lost contact with all the channels? Didn’t we make emergency plans? How many resource bases have made emergency communication channels?”

“Sir, the emergency communication channels that we expected at Extreme Wind Number Seven are placed at Resource Base 14 and Resource Base 5 respectively. Previously, Resource Base 14 had already been destroyed by that Blue Star human. It’s probably the same for Resource Base 5.”

Seeing that Lei Tian’s expression was gradually turning ugly, Lei Qian quickly added, “Sir, the only good news now is that after contacting the clan, we have confirmed that Lord Lei Xiang is still alive!”

“Lei Xiang is still alive?”

This was good news.

Lei Xiang was a direct descendant of Lei Tian’s lineage. He was a true genius. Otherwise, Lei Tian would not have brought him along to train himself, and even suppressed him for three to four years and did not allow him to advance to the quasi-planetary realm.

If he could allow Lei Xiang to advance to the quasi-planetary realm in a perfect core state, the probability of Lei Xiang successfully advancing to the Planetary realm in the future would be very high.

Even in the Spiritual Race, Planetary realm powerhouses were rare. Not all quasi-planetary-levels could break through to the planetary-level.

“If Lei Xiang is still alive but did not contact us with the Ling Clan’s communication body, it means that his situation might be extremely dangerous. He might even have been… captured!” Lei Tian tapped his fingers on the table, his expression turning cold.

...

Lei Qian’s pretty face changed when she heard that. Even the plumpness of her chest trembled. “Sir, that’s not possible, right? Lord Lei Xiang was so powerful! He could break through to the quasi-planetary realm at any time. He was an invincible existence on the resource planet. There were still so many Transmutation Realm experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race on the resource planet. He can’t be captured.”

The reason why Lei Qian said that was because of the consequences.

The consequences of Lei Xiang being captured were too terrifying!

Lei Xiang was a true direct descendant of the Spiritual Race and a true higher-up in the forward operating base. Due to Lei Tian being the overall commander, Lei Xiang could be said to be the invisible second-in-command of the forward operating base. What he knew was simply…

“Other than being captured and not dying in battle, I really can’t think of the real reason why I can’t contact Lei Xiang. The Ling Clan’s communication device in Lei Xiang’s hand is a very precious item. As long as he is willing, he can contact us to report the situation of the battle even if he is escaping or fighting.”

Lei Tian analyzed expressionlessly, but Lei Qian did not dare to continue the conversation. According to this analysis, there was a high chance that Lei Xiang had been captured.

The consequences of Lei Xiang being captured would be…

“Sir, with Lord Lei Xiang’s firm will, he won’t reveal anything even if he’s captured! We can rescue Lord Lei Xiang through other channels,” Lei Qian said.

Hearing this, Lei Tian smiled bitterly. “Little Qian, you don’t understand how crazy and cruel the Blue Star humans who we’ve fought all these years are! The willpower of Lei Xiang was powerful.

“I also believed in his loyalty to the Spiritual Race, but it was hard to say how long he could last. However, even if he said, there was nothing substantial or fundamental about the many things he knew. Even if the Blue Star humans knew, they would not be able to make any fundamental changes. As for the rest, we can make some changes…”

At this point, Lei Tian suddenly froze and quickly looked at Lei Qian. Lei Qian blinked her large eyes in confusion. She did not quite understand what Lei Tian meant.

...

“Did I ask Lei Xiang to bring a set of quantum array cores when he left?” Lei Xiang suddenly asked.

“Yes, Sir. Although Lord Lei Xiang has not broken through to the quasi-planetary realm, his power aura is infinitely close to the quasi-planetary realm. Therefore, when passing through the quantum portal, he has to use the quantum array core to strengthen the passageway. He had a set of quantum array cores to install when he left and another set when he returned…”

At this point, Lei Qian’s face suddenly turned pale. She also realized the seriousness of the situation.

The quantum array core was too important.

Once the Blue Star humans obtained it and reverse-engineered the many key technologies of the quantum portal, the Blue Star humans’ greatest weakness would be…

Lei Qian had also thought of the terrifying consequences. Lei Tian instantly stood up. “Invest Origin Crystals at all costs. At the same time, activate the stellar-level quantum array core that the Sanctuary brought. Restore the quantum teleportation channel to the resource planet as soon as possible. I’m going to make a trip myself. I have to rescue Lei Xiang.”

Lei Qian’s face turned even paler when she saw Lei Tian, who was willing to sacrifice everything to save Lei Xiang. “Sir, I’ve already verified it. The quantum teleportation channel on Resource Star No. 7 has been completely destroyed by them!”

“What!”

Lei Ting suddenly fell back into his chair!