Chapter 857 - 857 The Appearance Of An Interrogation Expert

857 The Appearance of an Interrogation Expert

To be honest, Zhu Lang and Li Zhen’s decision to destroy the quantum teleportation channel on the resource planet was a little rushed.

It cut off many possible opportunities for adventure.

However, at the same time, it also guaranteed the safety of this space invasion to the greatest extent.

For the battle team of the Huaxia Sector, they had gained a lot this time!

Of course, the main reason was that the humans on the Blue Star had not mastered the technology to establish and solidify quantum teleportation channels.

The fact that they could reach the resource planet in this space invasion was purely random. If they occupied it for a long time, they would not be able to operate it. Therefore, destroying the quantum teleportation channel here was actually the best choice.

If the humans on the Blue Star had the technology to establish and solidify quantum teleportation channels, Xu Tui estimated that Zhu Lang and Li Zhen would risk their lives to protect this place.

After all, once that happened, it would be the first step of the Blue Star humans going out to colonize. It would also be the first step of the Huaxia Sector’s alien colonization.

Although the natural conditions on the resource planet were harsh, it was much better than Mars and the Moon. It was more suitable for the survival of humans on the Blue Star.

There were fully-automatic greenhouses on the roofs of the various resource bases of the Mechanical Spirit Clan. The vegetables and fruits grown there were for those humanoid lifeforms.

Since the Mechanical Spirit Race could plant it, it meant that if humans came here, they would be able to turn it off after they overcome a certain technical difficulty.

Unfortunately, he could only give up now.

Soon, Xu Tui arrived at the room where Lei Xiang was being held. This was a room that had been urgently allocated.

At this moment, Luo Murong and Yang Huai took turns guarding the area.

Luo Murong frowned when he saw Xu Tui enter. He stood up and left. “I’m going out to get some fresh air. This guy’s current state makes me feel uncomfortable.”

Xu Tui nodded. Only Xu Tui and Yang Huai were left in the room.

At this moment, Lei Xiang looked a little miserable. Any normal person would not be used to it. His limbs were all gone, but his powerful recovery ability allowed him to recover from the broken limbs. However, there were still normal reactions in his body.@@novelbin@@

For example, the fracture was red and swollen. Some of it had even turned black.

The huge wound on his abdomen had naturally scabbed over. A portion of the intestines that had been exposed previously had even fallen to the ground. It looked like it was about to die. His head was also a little swollen because of the eight mental shield nails.

It was miserable.

A normal person would probably feel disgusted when they saw this. Even though Xu Tui had been on the battlefield for a long time, he was still not used to it.

However, it was only a little.

On the contrary, Yang Huai, who was at the side, acted as if nothing had happened. He stared at Lei Xiang while playing with a two-foot-long dagger.

“Commander, do you want me to go out?” Yang Huai took the initiative to ask.

“No need. Keep an eye on him for me.”

Xu Tui first extended his mental perception over and carefully sensed the state of Lei Xiang. The fluctuation of his mind power was very weak and could not be sensed. It seemed that both the mind power shield spikes and the shield helmet were very useful.

Then, Xu Tui thought about it and wanted to try hypnotizing Lei Xiang.

Xu Tui instinctively felt that it would be very difficult to get any valuable information out of an interrogation. It was better to use hypnosis. Especially when the target was under hypnosis, the information he obtained was very credible.

Therefore, Xu Tui decided to try hypnosis first. If he wanted to hypnotize the Spiritual Race better, the first thing he had to do was naturally enter the Spiritual Race’s original quantum frequency.

This was not the first time Xu Tui had come into contact with the original quantum frequency of life of the Spiritual Race. During the actual combat on Mars eight months ago, Xu Tui had cut into the original quantum frequency of life of Yanzi and treated her fiercely.

The battle situation was gratifying!

Xu Tui could still remember that scream. Of course, that time, his senses were a little rushed.

After capturing Lei Xiang this time, Xu Tui could carefully sense the quantum frequency of the Spiritual Race’s original life. When he encountered the Spiritual Race in the future, the speed at which he cut into their original quantum frequency would be even faster.

Lei Xiang, who had already woken up, had cracked lips. He was very weak. He looked at Xu Tui and did not say anything. He only sneered.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui had more or less sensed the quantum frequency of Lei Xiang’s original life. It was slightly different from Yanzi. Of course, that was only an individual difference.

How should he put it? The original quantum frequency of life of the Spiritual Race was more similar to that of the Blue Star humans. If Xu Tui were to make a comparison, the overlap was more than 90%.

Of course, that did not mean anything.

The Blue Star Genetic Biological Engineering Researchers had long discovered that the overlap between the genomic chains of chimpanzees, rats, and cats and humans was about 90%.

However, the difference in species was worlds apart.

He sensed and locked onto the quantum frequency of the Spiritual Race’s original life. The next step was hypnosis.

Xu Tui first slowly activated his spiritual resonance. Then, he prepared to cut off his spiritual radiation.

If he could not obtain an answer directly after hypnosis, he would activate Lei Xiang’s subconscious and use spiritual radiation to observe his subconscious to obtain a portion of the answer.

However, Xu Tui froze after he used the Spiritual Radiation.

He was blocked!

It was not only spiritual radiation, but also advanced hypnosis. They were all blocked.

Xu Tui only reacted after being stunned for a few seconds.

The mind power shield spike and shield cap prevented Lei Xiang’s mind power from seeping out of his body and he could not use any superpowers. However, at the same time, the mind power of others could not invade Lei Xiang’s head.

This was especially so for the supernatural abilities of the School of Radiation Influence that affected his mind. They were directly blocked out by the mental shield spikes and hat and could not affect him.

This made Xu Tui frown slightly.

The mental shield spike limited Lei Xiang’s abilities, but it also limited his Radiation Influence-type abilities.

Should he remove these mental shield nails?

Xu Tui immediately dismissed this thought. That was courting death! Although Lei Xiang was extremely weak now, his mind power was definitely not bad.

Although the weakness of the physical body would reduce the various states of mind power in proportion, as long as he could use his mind power to unleash his superpower, the superpower unleashed by Lei Xiang would definitely be at the peak of the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

The kind that could kill.

...

He could not take it off!

He could not use the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence. He could only interrogate or even torture him.

Xu Tui found a chair and sat beside Lei Xiang. He took out a bag of water and gently dripped a drop beside Lei Xiang’s mouth.

In an instant, Lei Xiang swallowed the drop of water with extreme hunger. His closed eyes also opened. He looked at the water in Xu Tui’s hand with extreme desire.

“Lei Xiang, let’s make a deal. I’ll ask and you’ll answer. I’ll give you water, food, and treatment for your injuries. Then, I’ll guarantee that you can live a very comfortable life during this period of time. How is it?” Xu Tui first used a gentle method.

Seeing this, Lei Xiang turned his head around disdainfully. “Just you wait. You’ll regret it! All of you will die with me!”

F*ck!

Xu Tui stepped on Lei Xiang’s broken leg. The scabs instantly exploded, and blood flowed. In an instant, Lei Xiang was like a cooked shrimp. His entire body arched as he screamed. Xu Tui was unmoved. He continued to step on it and continued to crush it with all his might. He used his feet and the ground to crush the flesh and blood of Lei Xiang into dust.

Xu Tui had no qualms about dealing with the alien invaders. It was just like how humans would not feel any psychological burden when they killed pigs and bears.

A tribal war!

A minute later, Lei Xiang’s eyes rolled back. He could not withstand the pain and fainted. Xu Tui had already ordered Tao Guan to pour a bucket of boiling water from Base 1 over his head.

...

Xu Tui was not afraid of toying with a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

“Come, bring me the salt!”

…

In the past 15 minutes, Lei Xiang had woken up five times and fainted five times. It could be said that he was tortured till there’s no perfect skin. However, there was no sign of him opening his mouth. He pursed his lips tightly.

He looked like he was seriously injured, but his life fluctuation was still very strong.

Xu Tui was a little anxious. He had thought of all the moves he could think of, but Lei Xiang still did not speak.

This was a little troublesome. He had to pry open Lei Xiang’s mouth as much as possible before he turned around.

This was because the temporary quantum transmission channel built by the quantum beacons brought by the various special forces during the space invasion could only allow individuals at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm to pass through at most.

It was impossible for those in the Genetic Transmutation Realm to pass through. Otherwise, the person leading the team in this space invasion would be a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

Therefore, a peak-level Genetic Transmutation Realm existence like Lei Xiang, who was even half a step into the quasi-planetary realm, could not be brought back to the Moon with his current strength.

He had to pry open his mouth before he returned!

However, this captive did not belong to Xu Tui alone. If Xu Tui could not deal with him or pry open his mouth, he would have to hand Lei Xiang over to the battle team for interrogation.

Of course, Xu Tui wanted to pry open Lei Xiang’s mouth mainly because he wanted to know about some cultivation problems.

Yang Huai, who had been looking at Xu Tui’s interrogation without changing his expression, suddenly said, “Commander, you used a lot of force, but the interrogation is not like that.”

“Huh?” Xu Tui looked at Yang Huai.

“Commander, the interrogation is just a means. The purpose of the interrogation is to tear apart the target’s psychological defense and destroy his will. For people with powerful mind power like Lei Xiang, you have to work slowly in most cases,” Yang Huai said.

“You know about interrogation?” Xu Tui was a little surprised.

“I’m from the Military Genetic Evolution College. Ever since I was in my second year, I’ve participated in many actual combat missions within the Blue Star. I’ve studied and practiced this many times,” Yang Huai said.

Xu Tui looked at Yang Huai again. He did not expect Yang Huai to be proficient in interrogation. He had not paid attention to it in the past.

“Commander, if you believe me, give me a few days and I’ll definitely pry open his mouth for you,” Yang Huai said.

“How long do you need?”

“Three to six days,” Yang Huai said.

“It’s too long. Can you go faster?” Xu Tui frowned.

“Two to four days should be the fastest. However, Commander, I have a request,” Yang Huai said.

“Speak.”

“During these four days, I have to spend all my energy here and cannot participate in other missions. As for the others, try not to disturb me. Also, my methods might be a little unconventional. I hope that you won’t have any prejudice against me because of this,” Yang Huai said.

“As long as you pry open his mouth, I’ll look at all of your genetic ability chains one day. What do you mean by prejudice?” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Really!”

“Then I’ll leave it to you. You don’t have to participate in the next mission. Let me know if there are any results. However, Commander Zhu and the others in the battle team outside the door will definitely send people to guard the area. Also, the shielding helmet and shielding nails must not be removed,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, don’t worry, Commander.”

After giving his instructions, Xu Tui left. Yang Huai was not in a hurry to start the interrogation. Instead, he took Xu Tui’s warrant and began to look for materials in the entire Base 1 to tinker with.

There was a little fuel, a chair, an iron shelf, a small blunt knife, and a few bottles.