Chapter 854 - 854 Smashing The Earth Mouse (2)

854 Smashing the Earth Mouse (2)

“All personnel, prepare for battle. Reduce your speed and get them to close the distance to 1,500 meters!”

During the flight, the two-horned triangular flying saucer was almost touching the ground. Therefore, even though Yin Zhou and the others were close, they only saw a triangular flying saucer because of its height.

The triangular flying saucer slowly slowed down, and the pursuers were rapidly approaching.

“Flying altitude of 50 meters, distance from the enemy is 5,600 meters!”

!!

“Flight altitude of 40 meters. Distance from the enemy is 3,100 meters.”

“Activate the reverse engine, activate the energy protection shield, and prepare to jump off the plane.” Xu Tui activated his mental perception. The flying sword was already buzzing in front of his chest. He was waiting for the moment when the enemy would enter his combat range.

The mental enhancement necklace on his chest lit up again. Xu Tui’s maximum mental perception instantly reached 2,050 meters.

Two kilometers away, Yin Zhou’s body lit up. One of his arms turned into a huge shield, and the other arm turned into an energy cannon.

“We’ll force them to land later. The eight of you, after you deactivate your flying state, immediately land in the form of a cannon and provide long-range firepower support. We’ll charge forward!” Yin Zhou made the final tactical arrangements.

The flying mechanical spirits were formed by eight mechanical spirits at the Evolution Realm. Of course, Mechanical Spirits at the Transmutation Realm flew even faster.

However, with their identities, they were destined to not do that. If Lei Xiang was here, the Mechanical Spirits of the Transmutation Realm could still be used as flying tools. If Lei Xiang was not around, they would be supreme.

The moment Silver Day set up his battle strategy, the pursuers of the Mechanical Spirit Race instantly charged into the distance of Xu Tui’s mental perception.

“Stop!” Xu Tui shouted and the two triangular flying saucers instantly stopped. The Mechanical Spirit Race’s pursuers were still flying.

The flying speed of the Mechanical Spirit Race was extremely fast. At high speeds, it could reach 200 meters per second.

The distance between them instantly shortened to 1,700 meters.

At the same time, the red jade slip in Xu Tui’s mind shone brightly with red light again. The red light was completely injected into the Mountain Formula’s genetic ability chain, causing the Mountain Formula’s genetic ability chain to flicker.

Previously, he had already used up the three enhancements he got from the red jade slip. However, Xu Tui had absorbed more than ten grams of Origin Crystals along the way. The consumption of the red jade slip had been replenished. It could help Xu Tui increase his strength again.

Yin Zhou, who was arranging his battle tactics, saw the triangular flying saucer in front of him suddenly stop. His heart skipped a beat. He had a bad feeling. “Be careful. Prepare for battle!”

Just as Yin Zhou exclaimed, the commander of Base 5 suddenly looked above his head. In the next moment, Yin Zhou and the commander of Base 5 exclaimed at the same time, “Above, defend!”

A small mountain with a faint earthen yellow color appeared above their heads. The moment it appeared, it instantly blasted down!

Bang!

Amidst the explosion, the ground instantly shook like an earthquake.

The Mountain Formula that blasted down was like a mountain seal. It caused the place that was blasted down to sink by more than three meters. As the ground shook, the Mountain Formula dissipated, revealing a pile of flattened Mechanical Spirit corpses.

There were at least a dozen corpses.

The members of the Worldly Special Force and Li Zhen were all dumbfounded.

This was too f*cking ferocious!

More than a dozen of them were killed at once!

Actually, Xu Tui was also a little surprised. Under the enhancement of the red jade slip, the Mountain Formula actually became more realistic.

According to Qu Qingshan, his Mountain Formula could not materialize.

The doubled enhancement of the red jade slip was really powerful!

“F*ck, my little ancestor, you’ve killed at least 13 Mechanical Spirits at the Evolution Realm and injured a Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit.” Li Zhen, who usually thought that he was calm, also exclaimed at this moment.

“What are you waiting for? Kill!”

In the next moment, the flying sword and the mental hammer blasted out at the same time. His mind power instantly cut in and materialized Yin Zhou’s original quantum life frequency.

The commander of Base 5 and Yin Zhou were stunned. They were smashed till they were dumbfounded. They were still two kilometers away from the enemy. Why was the attack coming?

This mountain was too ferocious!

At the critical moment, the few of them who had fast reactions escaped at lightning speed. Only then did they manage to avoid that disaster. Those who reacted slowly or wanted to rely on their defenses to withstand it were all smashed into scrap metal by this mountain.

More than half of the Mechanical Spirits in the Evolution Realm had been killed.

However, all of the Mechanical Spirits in the Transmutation Realm had escaped except for an unlucky person who was standing in the middle.

However, Yin Zhou, who had just landed and saw the two triangular flying saucers, suddenly panicked!

Didn’t they only have one triangular flying saucer? How did it become two? Was this a trap? Or was it the bait of the human race?

Yin Zhou was afraid of life and death, hesitating between choices.

Should he fight or escape?

However, in just an instant, he no longer had the right to choose. The members of the Worldly Special Force had already helped him make his choice.

The 20 elites had already surrounded them.

“Lei Xiang is in the northwest. Everyone, charge here!” At the moment of life and death, Commander Yin Zhou displayed the standard he deserved and immediately made the most correct decision.

“Everyone, fight your own battles. None of them are at the Transmutation Realm. Kill them!” Yin Zhou said ruthlessly.

Whoosh!

The sound of the flying sword piercing through the air rang out, causing Yin Zhou’s energy eye to glare. The huge shield suddenly shrank and became extremely thick. However, in the next moment, Yin Zhou realized that the target of the flying sword was the commander of Base 5. He shouted, “Be careful!”

The moment Yin Zhou finished speaking, the head of the commander of Base 5 suddenly swayed slightly and he froze on the spot.

Sword light flashed.

The commander of Base 5 was like a fool as his energy core was pierced through by this flying sword.

Yin Zhou was stunned!

Whose flying sword was this? How could he kill Mechanical Spirits at the Transmutation Realm as if they were dogs?

At this moment, Yin Zhou had the urge to run!

...

However, at this moment, he could not escape even if he wanted to. Zhao Hailong’s spear was like a dragon that had already entangled him.

On the other side, Cui Xi, who was using the Vajra Barrier to withstand the attack of a Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit, suddenly felt the pressure lighten. The Mechanical Spirit of the Transmutation Realm, who was pressing down on him, was stunned for a moment.

Cui Xi understood that he had been hit by Xu Tui’s mental hammer.

The regiment commander was relieving the pressure on him. Without hesitation, the large iron rod whipped down with immense force. Behind him, Xu Tui watched all of this expressionlessly. The mental hammer was like a gopher. Every time it smashed, one would be destroyed.

The Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit that was fighting Luo Murong was hit by the mental hammer. After being in a daze for less than half a second, Luo Murong’s golden horse beheaded him.

Then, Miao Huanshan and Yan Xuejin’s attacks shattered his energy core.

He watched as the Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit that he had relied on was easily destroyed by the people of the Worldly Special Force.

Yin Zhou panicked. He had to escape! However, the moment he turned around, he was hit by a small mountain before he could take off. The power of the small mountain from before had frightened Yin Zhou. Therefore, when Yin Zhou saw the small mountain smashing down again, he did not dare to clash head-on.

He chose to dodge.

However, with this dodge, Zhao Hailong’s silver spear instantly shone with silver light and pierced into his body. The silver light instantly shone again.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula hit the ground with a loud bang.@@novelbin@@

...

However, be it the sound or the extent to which the ground caved in, they were far inferior to the Mountain Formula.

The power was worlds apart. If he forcefully charged up a small mountain with such power, he could break through it.

He was shocked!

He had been fooled!

Yin Zhou, who had been stabbed to the ground by Zhao Hailong, suddenly reacted. He had lost his last chance to escape when he dodged just now. Before he could regret it, he felt a pain in the back of his head and stopped breathing.

Not far away, Li Zhen, who was still commanding the warriors to surround and kill a few Genetic Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits, was dumbfounded!

What kind of speed was the Worldly Special Force?

The speed at which they dealt with the five Genetic Transmutation Realm experts was even faster than the speed at which they dealt with the seven Genetic Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits.

Was it that easy to kill a Genetic Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit?