Chapter 851 - 851 Yin Zhou’S Only Way Out

851 Yin Zhou’s Only Way Out

In Base 5, the commander-in-chief of the resource planet, Yin Zhou, paced back and forth in the command hall. Although the Mechanical Spirit Clan did not sweat, Yin Zhou felt an indescribable heat at this moment.

Panic!

He was really flustered!

Although they did not have many satellites on the resource planet, they could still see the situation of the battle.

!!

This was especially so on a night of extremely low temperatures and violent winds. The battlefield was too easy to find. All kinds of flickering lights were the best indicators for satellite reconnaissance.

Half an hour ago, the adjutant of the main base sent him dozens of satellite reconnaissance pictures. Yin Zhou was so shocked that he almost fainted.

A man with lightning flickering around his body was surrounded by a group of people and tied to the ground by an unknown force. What was worse was that the images sent by the satellite were taken at a frequency of five pictures per second. The span of 50 images was as high as 10 seconds.

In these ten seconds, the position of the man who was flickering with lightning did not change at all. He did not move either. However, the dozen or so people surrounding the man did move.

The image a minute later was still the same!

The man with lightning flickering around him did not move, but the people surrounding him were moving.

This immediately gave Yin Zhou a judgment that was enough to make him faint on the spot. Lord Lei Xiang’s team had been completely wiped out, and Lord Lei Xiang had instinctively been captured alive!

The various data analysis from Base 1 perfectly supported his judgment.

Lei Xiang’s team was completely wiped out.

Lei Xiang himself was very likely to be captured!

Yin Zhou was stunned the moment he came to this judgment. After spending more than ten years as a local emperor on the resource planet, the courage and ruthlessness of Yin Zhou had long been worn away by the comfort and enjoyment.

After coming to this conclusion, the first thing Yin Zhou thought of was his safety.

F*ck, Lord Lei Xiang’s team was so strong, but they were all wiped out. Lord Lei Xiang was even captured.

How strong was the team of the Blue Star humans attacking Lord Lei Xiang?

Yin Zhou was very clear about the strength of Lei Xiang. He was a lightning-type supernatural being at the peak of the Genetic Transmutation Realm. His strength was close to that of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. He could break through to the quasi-planetary-level at any time.

Most importantly, Lei Xiang was a relative of the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian. He had a high status in the Spiritual Race and was highly regarded by Lei Tian. He could be said to have countless secret treasures.

Under normal circumstances, a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse would not be able to take down Lei Xiang. But now, Lei Xiang has been captured by a group of Blue Star humans!

How strong were the humans on the Blue Star?

Although he still had 13 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts on his side, according to this situation, he would basically be wiped out if he led a team over.

Death!

This was a very terrifying word for Yin Zhou, who had been a local emperor for more than ten years on the resource planet. Therefore, after making this judgment, Yin Zhou immediately decided to return to Base 5 to defend it lest it was destroyed by the Blue Star humans.

However, when he returned to Base 5, Yin Zhou suddenly realized that his decision to return to Base 5 was too hasty. If he had continued to lead the team to attack just now, he might have been able to save Lei Xiang. Of course, he might have been wiped out.

Now that he had returned to Base 5, his safety was guaranteed. However, if he wanted to save Lord Lei Xiang, that would be…

Most importantly, the identity of Lei Xiang was clear. If it was a Mechanical Spirit, Yin Zhou would have ignored it. So what if he died? The life of the Mechanical Spirit was worthless!

However, Lei Xiang of the Spiritual Race is not the same!

Just as Yin Zhou was anxiously spinning in circles, he suddenly received an emergency communication from the main base.

“Commander, an emergency communication from the forward base.”

“Whose?” Yin Zhou, who had made a wrong decision after many changes, instantly panicked when he heard that it was a communication from the forward operating base.

“They’re calling in the name of the forward base command center. However, the person who just contacted me is the deputy commander of the forward base, Lord Lei Qian,” the deputy commander said.

When he heard that it was not the commander-in-chief, Lei Tian, Yin Zhou heaved a sigh of relief and quickly transferred in.

“Commander Yin Zhou, the commander-in-chief, Lord Lei Tian, needs you to report the current situation of Lei Xiang immediately. The commander-in-chief is patrolling outside and has ordered me to confirm the situation of Lei Xiang from you immediately.

“Or you can get Lei Xiang to talk to me.” Lei Qian had the standard Spiritual female figure. She was 1.8 meters tall. In the communication projection, her thighs were slender and tall. They were big and thin. Coupled with her decent clothes, it looked like a pleasure.

In the past, Yin Zhou would take a few more glances when they communicated. As a race ruled by the Spiritual Race, the Spiritual Race’s taste in beauty was the trend and pursuit of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

At this moment, Yin Zhou only had two words in his mind.

Lei Xiang!

How to answer!

How to answer!

“Commander Yin Zhou, didn’t you hear my question?” Lei Qian frowned.

“Adjutant Lei, Lord Lei Xiang wants to take back the lost silver box. At the same time, in order to capture more Original Spiritual Embodiments, he brought the 11 Transmutation Realm cultivators who had gathered and formed an elite team to attack the Blue Star Humans.” Yin Zhou’s answer was half true.

Yin Zhou felt that there was still a possibility of salvaging the situation. He could not reveal that Lei Xiang had been captured for the time being. If he really told the truth just now, he would probably be fired on the spot!

“How’s the battle going?”

“Lord Lei Xiang has already captured 20 Original Spiritual Embodiments. At the same time, he has targeted another group of Blue Star humans and ordered me to wait for his orders at Base 5. At the moment, I’m still waiting for Lord Lei Xiang’s orders,” Yin Zhou said.

Lei Qian frowned, but she had no choice. When Lei Xiang was fighting outside, he would not pick up a communication device. It would either interfere with the battle or expose himself. Therefore, she could not be anxious.

“Alright, I’ll reply to Lord Lei Tian for the time being. Let me know immediately if there are any results from the battle of Lei Xiang! In addition, I don’t care what the situation is now. You have to report the situation of Lei Xiang to the forward operating base again within 12 hours. This is what the commander-in-chief wants to know. Do you understand?” Lei Qian shouted.

“Understood!” Yin Zhou agreed readily and hung up. He heaved a sigh of relief, but immediately became nervous.

The current situation could not be hidden for long. Lei Qian had given him 12 hours. In other words, he had to resolve the hidden danger within 12 hours. Otherwise, he really would not be able to pass this test!

If Lei Xiang was captured and he was fine, then going to the Thunder Prison would be a luxury!

Suddenly, Yin Zhou regretted his decision. Half an hour ago, after he discovered that Lei Xiang had been captured, he should have charged forward.

At that time, the possibility of saving Lei Xiang was the highest. Now, he was too passive!

“Give me the location and the current information of the team that I asked you to track.” There was no doubt about Yin Zhou’s military ability to be appointed as the commander of the resource planet.

...

Soon, with the cooperation of Base 1, the information sent by the satellite tracking was placed in front of Yin Zhou.

Yin Zhou was stunned when he saw the flying formation of the triangular flying saucer with its glaring lights on. “Where are they now? What’s their direction?”

“Sir, here. The direction of advance is in this direction.”

The commander of Base 5 immediately pointed out a location on the map and drew the trajectory of the forward direction. The trajectory of their flight was relatively direct. There were not many twists and turns.

When he saw this flying trajectory, Yin Zhou was instantly stunned. Then, he let out a cry of surprise. “F*ck, where are they going? Are they going to Base 1 Could it be that they want to attack Base 1?”

Yin Zhou’s energy eyes instantly flashed. Beside him, the commander of Base 5 also had a solemn expression. “Sir, according to their current direction, it should be true!”

“How… How did they know that Base 1 was empty?”

Yin Zhou was really flustered.

The first main base was really empty now. Other than his most trusted adjutant, there was not a single Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. Under normal circumstances, they could just rely on the energy defense barrier of Base 1 to defend themselves.

However, the battle results of the Worldly Special Force that had defeated eight resource bases in a row gave Yin Zhou too much pressure.

“We can’t defend it! We definitely can’t defend the first main base! However, if the first main base is lost, the responsibility will be even more serious than Lord Lei Xiang being captured! Confiscation and extermination…”

...

If he could sweat, Yin Zhou would definitely be covered in sweat!

Desperation!

In an instant, he was forced into a corner!

Lei Xiang had been captured. He was doomed! If the first main base was lost, his entire family would be finished.

But what if he took a gamble?

“Order the satellites to track this team heading towards the first main base immediately! Get the satellites to lower the orbit. Operate in an ultra-low orbit and take pictures of them. I want the most detailed information!” Yin Zhou was about to go crazy.

“Sir, if it runs in an ultra-low orbit, the satellite might crash or even be destroyed…”

“Get lost. It’s already at a time like this. Who cares about satellites? If the first main base is lost, we’ll all f*cking die, the kind where our families die!” Yin Zhou cursed!

The commander of Base 5 immediately followed Yin Zhou’s orders. Fifteen minutes later, a clearer set of images appeared in front of Yin Zhou.

After the data was magnified and compared, Yin Zhou suddenly pointed at a point and said, “Does the person in this triangular flying saucer look like Lord Lei Xiang?”

“Yes, very much so. It’s just that he looks very badly injured!” The commander of Base 5 said. “Commander, what do you mean?”

“According to the pictures sent by the satellite, there are not many people in this team. Currently, we can only see a little more than 50 people. In terms of strength, we should be able to take them down. However, how could a mere 50-odd Blue Star humans take down Lord Lei Xiang’s team and capture him? That’s impossible!” Yin Zhou frowned.

The commander of Base 5 also frowned and thought hard. Suddenly, the energy eyes of the commander of Base 5 lit up. “Sir, I think you’re missing one factor!”

“What factor?”@@novelbin@@

“Casualties! Do you think that there will be no casualties when the Blue Star humans kill Lord Lei Xiang’s team and capture him? I think that the casualties should not be small. The Blue Star Humans will definitely have to pay a huge price to capture Lord Lei Xiang!” the commander of Base 5 said.

Yin Zhou’s eyes lit up when he heard this. This was a very reasonable explanation. It could completely explain why there were not many people in the Blue Star Humans’ team.

“What do you think about us launching a surprise attack on this team?” Yin Zhou was puzzled, but before the commander of Base 5 could answer, Yin Zhou instantly gave an order, “Gather. Order our team to gather, including all the Genetic Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits in Base 5. Gather.”

Attacking this team, rescuing Lei Xiang, and stopping this team from occupying the first main base was Yin Zhou’s only way out.

He had no choice!

The analysis of the commander of Base 5 just now had only given him the last bit of determination.

“Sir, if that’s the case, Base 5 will be in extreme danger…”

“Which punishment would you choose? The death of your entire family or losing into the base?” Yin Zhou said coldly.

The commander of Base 5 instantly had no choice.