Chapter 856 - 856 Huge Capture And Destruction

856 Huge Capture and Destruction

There was no doubt that they would capture the first main base.

In the first main base, the strongest was the adjutant of the first main base, a mechanical spirit at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Yin Zhou did not exhaust all of the elite forces in the main base, but the elite forces left in the main base were only limited to 10 Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

On the other hand, ordinary Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Mutation Realm caused Xu Tui and the others a lot of trouble. When nearly half of the 600 Mutant Realm Mechanical Spirits formed a long-range cannon, the firepower coverage was simply terrifying.

!!@@novelbin@@

Cui Xi’s Vajra Barrier shattered.

If not for Mu Xingluan’s Thousand Vines Armor, Cui Xi would have died on the spot. He would have died in the hands of the Mechanical Spirit in the Genetic Mutation Realm.

However, in the chaos, the long-range cannon formed by more than 200 Mechanical Spirits only lasted for a few seconds.

Xu Tui was even more far-range than them.

Nearly a thousand meters away, Xu Tui scattered the cannon fire of the Mechanical Spirit after three rounds of the Mountain Formula.

The Mechanical Spirits that had transformed into cannons were like ants. Xu Tui could kill them with the Mountain Formula. A few minutes later, Xu Tui inserted Ah Huang’s core program chip into the data center interface of the first main base.

“Ah Huang, let me ask you a question. Can you remotely control the data center of this main base from several planets, or rather, from a galaxy?” Xu Tui asked.

“Based on the theory I know so far, it’s feasible to cross planets. I don’t know about the galaxy, but the humans on the Blue Star haven’t tried this step yet. Moreover, even if you can, the data delay is very, very large,” Ah Huang said.

“In that case, you will have enough time to take down the data center of the main base this time?” This was Xu Tui’s true thought.

If he really took down the data center of the main base, he would have gained a lot.

The gains from all kinds of data, even low-grade technology and basic information would be indescribable.

Many of the ordinary technologies from the alien invaders might be black technology to the Blue Star humans.

However, Ah Huang immediately poured a bucket of cold water on Xu Tui. “It’s very difficult. I can’t take it down.”

“Why? You should have enough time this time, right?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“First of all, my computing power is still insufficient. Compared to a small chip like me, the data center of the main base is like the difference between a child and a giant. Secondly, the data language is very rigorous. Starting from the design, it had been designed into a closed loop in terms of security.

“Even if the so-called forward base could not remotely control the data center of the first main base, the data center of the first main base had already sounded the alarm because of our invasion.

“Once there was no command input from the controller for a long time, the automatic security command would be activated. This security order is usually split into two parts. Send a message and self-destruct!” Ah Huang said.

“F*ck, it still doesn’t work.” Xu Tui was a little depressed. “You should be able to stop its self-destruction, right?”

“I should be able to, but I have a suggestion, Xu Tui,” Ah Huang said.

“What suggestion?”

“From the hardware, destroy the data center at the main base now. Now, immediately! Don’t try to crack or control it. The probability is very low. We’ll destroy it immediately. We can try another direction,” Ah Huang said.

“Which direction?”

“This kind of command-type data center is usually controlled by a tower. The data center of the first main base controls the data center that is connected to the other bases. As long as it was the data center of the main base, it would be useless even if we captured the data centers of the other bases.

“However, if the data center of the main base is destroyed, the other low-level data centers might have the possibility of controlling or even digging out information!”

As soon as Ah Huang finished speaking, the Mountain Formula slammed down. Xu Tui used the most violent method to dismantle the data center of the first main base in the shortest time possible.

Surprisingly, he found the 24 quantum next-generation chips that Ah Huang needed. Just from this number, it could be seen how powerful the data center of the first main base was. There were only three next-generation quantum chips in the data centers of the other bases, but there were a total of 24 here. Furthermore, one of them was clearly of a higher level.

Looking at these chips, Ah Huang was clearly excited. “Keep these well. After we return, I’ll use an algorithm to rewrite these quantum next-generation chips. A portion of them will be sent to upgrade my core database.

“In addition, you can find six or seven pieces and set up a chip team in your personal communication device. At that time, the computing power of the one you have with you will definitely increase by ten to eight times.”

This is good news.

As the data center was violently destroyed, the energy barrier dissipated. Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and the others, who were trapped at the periphery, also entered.

“Why did you destroy the data center? What if we get the information here?” Ruan Da was a little anxious when he came in to take a look.

“It has activated the degree of self-destruction. If it is not destroyed, all of us will have to take off with it.” Xu Tui’s words made everyone feel extremely regretful.

“Alright, send one or two of your people to check the warehouse with our people and count the spoils of war. We’ll split the loot one day.” Xu Tui smiled.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui, Ruan Da, and Li Shihua looked at the thousands of humanoid corpses in silence. It could basically be determined that this so-called Spiritual Embodiment was exactly the same as the humans on the Blue Star.

There were as many as 3,000 people in the main base.

In less than a minute after they attacked, all of them lost their lives. Xu Tui obtained another spiritual box, but he did not obtain any survivors.

The harvest in the warehouse was very gratifying. It was 1,700 grams of Origin Crystals. It was normal for there to be so many Origin Crystals stored in the first main base. If not for the consumption of the war, there would probably be even more Origin Crystals stored here.

However, what surprised everyone even more was the metal ingots stored in the ore warehouse.

The size of the first main base was very large. There were more than 26,000 metal ingots stored in the huge warehouse.

Even Li Shihua, Ruan Da, Jian Qi, and the others were shocked by the neat formation.

“F*ck, this is really the main base!” Ruan Da, who came from a rich family, cursed.

26,000 metal ingots could be exchanged for at least 26,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Then, the families would split it.

Suddenly, Ruan Da and Li Shihua looked at Xu Tui at the same time. According to the agreement, the Worldly Special Force would take half!

Based on this number, and looking at the number of people in the Worldly Special Force, the gains, including the gains of the members of the Worldly Special Force from before, would be explosive!

Xu Tui chuckled. This was also an important reason why he had agreed on the profit ratio with Zhu Lang, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and the others.

Xu Tui had obtained an extremely important piece of information from the bases he had taken down previously.

The various resource bases on the resource planet would regularly transport the metal ingots obtained from mining to the main base. When they accumulated to a certain extent, the main base would be transported to the forward operating base through the quantum teleportation channel.

This was because transit transportation was more troublesome. Under normal circumstances, the first main base would only transit once a month.

Even though the various bases were not transported to Base 1 in time because of the war,Base 1 must have accumulated a large number of metal ingots.

Now that they had taken down the first main base, this was a huge gain.

...

“Commander, we’ve found the quantum teleportation channel of the first main base.” Yan Lie rushed over to report.

“Let’s go!”

A group of people followed Yan Lie with solemn expressions. The location of the quantum teleportation channel on the resource planet was not too hidden. It was just that no one had expected it when they were searching previously.

Cultivation hall!

In the previous bases, there was a cultivation hall that surged with energy.

There was also a cultivation hall in the first main base. This cultivation hall was extremely large, and the quantum teleportation channel of the first main base was in this cultivation hall.

Li Zhen was already there when Xu Tui and the others arrived. He was looking at the quantum teleportation channel with a stern expression.

The quantum teleportation passageway of the first main base was opened at the top of the cultivation hall. It was like a door that was slowly spinning like a shrunk galaxy vortex. As it spun, the energy gushing out of the tunnel on the ground of the cultivation hall was continuously absorbed by the quantum teleportation tunnel.

It looked extremely mysterious, but it also gave everyone invisible psychological pressure.

“Where does it lead?” Li Shihua could not help but ask.

“According to the intelligence, it should be a transit planet. We have to pass through the transit planet to reach the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base in the solar system,” Xu Tui said.

...

“Does that mean that we can reach the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base after we reach the transit planet?”

Li Shihua made it sound simple, but everyone was shocked by the meaning behind his words.

Was this fellow trying to kill his way to the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base? This idea was simply too crazy!

“We can’t use this quantum teleportation channel for the time being.” Li Zhen casually threw a metal ingot over. The metal ingot was magically stuck at the entrance of the vortex tunnel. After a while, it fell.

“What’s going on?”

“Lei Xiang!” Ruan Da said, “It must be because when Lei Xiang passed through this passageway, the power of the limit caused the quantum chain wind explosion inside this quantum teleportation passageway to temporarily collapse. However, look at how it is constantly absorbing energy. It should be rapidly repairing itself.”

“The quantum tunnel on the moon can only transport Genetic Evolution Realm experts, but this tunnel can transport Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. Is there any value in researching this tunnel?” Xu Tui asked.

“There’s definitely value in research. However, I’m afraid that while we’re researching, an expert whose strength is infinitely close to the quasi-planetary realm or even the quasi-planetary realm will rush out from the other side.

“Can you kill another existence like Lei Xiang?” Li Zhen asked.

Xu Tui, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and Jian Qi shook their heads at the same time.

What a joke. In order to kill Lei Xiang, they had used eight Origin Crystal ability seal cards made by Planetary realm powerhouses. They had also used up the extremely lethal sword cards given by Xu Tui’s two teachers.

If there was another one, how could they fight? They had spent most of their money.

“In that case, I’ll announce a resolution that I’ve just communicated with Commander Zhu Lang. You have no objections to destroying this quantum teleportation channel to ensure your safety, right?” Li Zhen said.

Xu Tui and the other three expressed that they had no objections after hesitating for a moment.

This quantum teleportation channel that could teleport Genetic Transmutation Realm experts was more valuable for research, but it was also more dangerous to keep it.

It was best to destroy it for the time being.

“Alright, step back.”

A minute later, Zhu Lang placed the 100 grams of Origin Crystals into a bag and threw in a few particle clusters of high-explosive mines. A second later, he threw the bag containing the Origin Crystals into the quantum teleportation channel.

Destroying a quantum teleportation channel was very simple.

They just need to trigger an energy storm!

Xu Tui suddenly received a notification from Luo Murong when the quantum teleportation channel began to rapidly collapse due to the energy storm.

“Xu Tui, Lei Xiang has woken up!”