Chapter 853 - 853 Smashing The Earth Mouse (1)

853 Smashing the Earth Mouse (1)

“Commander, the Blue Star invaders… seem to be escaping!” The commander of Base 5 who stood on the flying mechanical spirit that had transformed from a Genetic Evolution Realm mechanical spirit exclaimed.

This was also the reason why the Mechanical Spirit Clan was valued the most by the Spiritual Race. It was too practical. In a state of emergency, he could fight, do long-range engineering, and transport. He could be said to be omnipotent.

Yin Zhou’s Energy Eye flashed anxiously. He quickly raised his observation device.

In order to facilitate reconnaissance, Yin Zhou flew at a slightly higher altitude. At this moment, under the half overlook, Yin Zhou saw that the triangular flying saucer formation of the Blue Star humans, which was more than 20 kilometers away from them, suddenly dispersed in six directions.

“Did they discover us, or did they detect our power fluctuations? So they’re retreating?” While Yin Zhou frowned, he heaved a sigh of relief.

This time, Yin Zhou had made a huge decision to rush out, afraid that he would be killed by the enemy.

They had just approached the Blue Star invaders when they cowered. This indirectly proved their previous guess. The Blue Star Humans had wiped out Lord Lei Xiang’s team and captured him. However, they had also paid a huge price.

Otherwise, they wouldn’t have fled when they saw them!

“Commander, what should we do? Which one should we chase? If they split up and escape, they will quickly disappear without a trace!” The commander of Base 5 was anxious.

If the matter of the Spiritual Race’s Lei Xiang being captured could not be resolved, they, Yin Zhou, and the others would definitely not end well. Therefore, they were very anxious.

Yin Zhou could not make up his mind.

“Can the satellite lock onto Lord Lei Xiang’s location now? Can you immediately find out which triangular flying saucer Lord Lei Xiang is in? Our first mission is to save Lord Lei Xiang,” Yin Zhou said anxiously.

“Sir, it’s too late. The satellite is not above this area. It will take time to adjust the orbit. Even if we take a photo, we will need to analyze the data,” the commander of Base 5 said anxiously.

“Split up and chase after them!” Just as Yin Zhou was about to give the order, he suddenly said, “Which triangular flying saucer is Lord Lei Xiang in the picture we detected previously?”

“The one in this direction!” The commander of Base 5 pointed out.

After hesitating for only a second, Yin Zhou made a decision and immediately started to split up. “Go in this direction. Go after them. Remember, the moment you catch up, confirm if Lord Lei Xiang is in the triangular flying saucer. If he is, inform me immediately. If not, then kill them if you could. If you could capture them, capture them. Be careful! Let’s go after this one!”

Yin Zhou did not really want to split his forces. It was mainly because the destruction of Lei Xiang’s team gave him too much pressure.

However, he had to split his forces. Who knew if the triangular flying saucer formation of the Blue Star invaders had changed? No one knew if Lord Lei Xiang had moved.

Since the Blue Star invaders had fled in fear, it meant that their combat strength was not enough. Therefore, they had to save Lord Lei Xiang this time.

Yin Zhou had already decided that as long as he saved Lord Lei Xiang in this battle, he would bring Lei Xiang back to Base 1. Then, he would defend Base 1 to the death and cut off any possibility of entering Base 1.

He would defend to the death, until the reinforcements arrived or the Blue Star invaders left.

According to his past experience, the Blue Star invaders would not be able to stay for long.

Thirty seconds later, Yin Zhou brought along five Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirits and 21 Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits and chased after the triangular flying saucer that had been the first to lock onto Lei Xiang.

This time, Yin Zhou had brought almost all of the elites from Base 5 and the previous gathering. Including him, there were a total of 14 Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirits and 71 Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits.

In the other five directions, there were one to two Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirits and ten Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirits.

Yin Zhou had brought the most people with him. Including him, there were six Mechanical Spirits at the Transmutation Realm. Moreover, Yin Zhou himself was very powerful. He could be considered the main force.

Xu Tui and the others were the ones that Yin Zhou had chased after.

The triangular flying saucer on it carried the captive Lei Xiang and 10 Genetic Evolution Realm elites. These 10 Genetic Evolution Realm elites were all from the Huaxia Sector’s battle team. They were led by Vice-Captain Li Zhen.

Zhu Lang was not around.

According to the military rules, the main and deputy positions did not take the same transportation vehicle.

However, the elites of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team were stronger than ordinary Genetic Evolution Realm experts in terms of combat strength. However, they did not have an existence who could fight a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert alone.

This was how elites in the military were. The lower limit was higher, but the upper limit was a little low.

Hidden in the shadows below the triangular flying saucer was the Worldly Special Force.

“They’re chasing after us. According to the intensity of their energy reactions, there are at least six Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. There are more of them than we imagined. How are we going to fight them? Do you need help?” Li Zhen’s voice sounded in the combat channel.

“It’s too late to ask for help! Just follow my instructions!” Xu Tui’s voice was filled with confidence.

After breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm and fighting Lei Xiang, coupled with his understanding of the other Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators over the past few days, Xu Tui became more and more confident.

Xu Tui knew very well how strong he was now. Therefore, he was very confident.

“Lower your altitude at the same time and continue to hide. Don’t give them a chance to escape,” Xu Tui gave his first order.@@novelbin@@

Almost at the same time, the two flying triangular flying saucers decreased in altitude.