Chapter 850 - 850 Nailed Behind The Head

850 Nailed Behind the Head

The protective lightning ball was intact, but a portion of Lei Xiang’s internal organs had been blasted out. This was a powerhouse whose strength was infinitely close to the quasi-planetary realm. Furthermore, he was in the process of breaking through.

Even Li Shihua, Jian Qi, Ruan Da, and the others, who were experienced and knowledgeable, looked at Xu Tui as if they had seen a ghost.

They all knew that this was one of Xu Tui’s superpowers. However, this superpower was too f*cking terrifying!

Who wouldn’t be afraid of blowing you up through your defense?

They had to be afraid!

However, Zhu Lang, who was waiting behind Xu Tui, did not have that many thoughts. The moment he saw Lei Xiang faint, he jumped three feet into the air like a child.

“F*ck their ancestors. Fallen Star Team, retreat!” Zhu Lang shouted excitedly in the command channel.

“Roger that. Withdraw!” The captain of the Fallen Star team shouted. In an instant, the ten triangular flying saucers circled around and landed on the ground.@@novelbin@@

A group of members of the Fallen Star team stepped out of the cabin. Although they did not implement the Fallen Star tactic, being able to board the plane and prepare to implement the Fallen Star tactic was life and death!

This was a sacrifice!

“Salute!” Another officer from the Huaxia Sector roared. The soldiers of the Huaxia Sector saluted the Fallen Star Team again.

The members of the Fallen Star team got off the plane one by one. Many of them had sweaty palms. It was their responsibility to board the plane and prepare to implement the Fallen Star tactic.

It was their responsibility! However, they were also humans!

When he got off the plane, the soldier who had just asked Zhu Lang about the girlfriend suddenly felt his legs go weak. He felt as if a lifetime had passed.

Zhu Lang had already stepped forward and punched him in the chest. “Good lad, you’re not a coward. Good job! When we get back, I’ll put on my old face and introduce you to a girlfriend. Whether you succeed or not will depend on your ability!”

The soldier rubbed his head and touched his chest. He had a puzzled expression. “Commander, they’re all so hard. What’s there to touch? What’s the benefit?”

Zhu Lang was stunned. He held it in for a few seconds before slapping him. “You coward, I’m a f*cking man! Whether it’s hard or soft, go and touch yourself when you’re well!”

“Yes!” The young-faced soldier stood at attention and saluted.

“Scram!” Zhu Lang laughed heartily. A few seconds later, the ten soldiers of the Fallen Star team had already gathered and walked into the deepest area of the participants.

Under normal circumstances, they would not participate in the battle. Even if there was a battle, they would only control machines or long-range weapons at the back. Once there was something they needed to participate in the battle, it would be—Fallen Star!

The fact that Lei Xiang was unconscious meant that the battle here was over, but it did not mean that the battle was over.

The battle that Xu Tui had planned had just begun.

F*ck, Lei Xiang was unconscious, but his protective lightning ball was still there. However, without the support of Lei Xiang, it was only a matter of time before his protective lightning ball exploded.

The 30-odd Genetic Evolution Realm elites would settle this matter in a short period of time. It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s vision suddenly turned black. The world was spinning. If Cui Xi had not supported him, Xu Tui would have fallen.

When Cui Xi shouted for the military doctor, Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes. His dizziness improved, but an indescribable headache assaulted him. He felt indescribably uncomfortable.

Xu Tui understood that this should be the side effect of two shots of Level B Amine Stimulation Elixir.

“This should be able to greatly alleviate your current state.” Li Shihua suddenly stepped forward and handed Xu Tui an exquisite medicine box. There was a light yellow pill inside. As soon as he opened it, a fragrant smell wafted out.

“What is this?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“The Three Flower Wood Immortal Pill that is unique to our Li Family can refresh your mind and quickly recover your mind power. It also has the effect of replenishing the consumption of your origin energy,” Li Shihua said with a smile.

“It’s expensive, right?”

“I think so. I only have two.”

“I’ll take it!” Xu Tui was not pretentious. At this moment, pretentious people were idiots. He took it and swallowed it.

In less than 30 seconds, an indescribable coolness surged into Xu Tui’s head, greatly reducing the dizziness and headache in his head. Ten seconds later, the coolness suddenly turned hot and surged into Xu Tui’s limbs and bones. His head became clearer. At the same time, a hint of heat spread from his head.

Under his introspection, the genetic ability chain of the mental whip that had just been strengthened to Level 3 began to emit golden light again. It spread to his head and his body.

“You’ve just broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm. It’s best if you absorb more Origin Crystals in the next few days. That will increase your evolution speed, especially your physical body!” Li Shihua reminded him.

“Thank you!”

By the side, Ruan Da looked at Xu Tui and Li Shihua, who were chatting intimately. He was a little hesitant. Before he could make a final decision, there was a sudden explosion. The protective lightning ball protecting Lei Xiang was finally broken by the concentrated fire of more than 30 people.

It broke very suddenly. Everyone held their breaths and a large number of attacks poured onto Lei Xiang. However, only a portion of the attacks dealt some damage to the unconscious Lei Xiang. Half of the attacks could not even injure the unconscious Lei Xiang.

A saber beam slashed down, leaving a white mark!

This physical body!

“How should we deal with it?”

Although Zhu Lang was the regiment commander of the battle team and could decide how to deal with Lei Xiang, he still had to ask Xu Tui and the others for their opinions. More importantly, it was not easy to capture an existence whose strength was close to the Planetary realm.

“It’s best if he’s a captive. He’s definitely a high-level member of the Spiritual Race. It’ll be worth it as long as we can get something out of him!” Jian Qi was the first to express his stance.

“A live one is more valuable!” Ruan Da said.

Li Shihua looked at Xu Tui. “He’s the first to attack and the strategic planner this time. Listen to his opinion.”

“You can capture him, but did you bring any devices?” Xu Tui asked.

Zhu Lang nodded. “We definitely brought the shielding helmet that binds the Mystery Branch. However, that thing is basically only effective against Genetic Transmutation Realms. The guy in front of me is too strong. I’m not too sure,” Zhu Lang said.

“Bring the things over. I’ll do it! I want two sets!”

“Alright.”

Xu Tui first plundered Lei Xiang, but he frowned. He did not find any treasures. According to what Lei Xiang had said, he should have a lot of treasures on him, and he must have a lot of Origin Crystals. However, he did not find anything now.

“He might have created a quantum dimensional space!” Ruan Da said.

“Quantum dimensional space?”

“That’s right. We call it a quantum dimensional chain or a quantum multidimensional chain. It can create a space similar to the storage space in many novels. It’s very convenient. However, it requires extremely powerful relevant strength to activate it, or a top Planetary realm powerhouse to help him activate it,” Ruan Da said.

“You can’t get it out?”

...

“Ordinary people can’t dig it out. A powerful Planetary realm powerhouse can dig out this space based on the secret connection of his quantum multidimensional chain. Or he can hand it over himself!” Ruan Da said.

Soon, Zhu Lang brought over two sets of mind power shielding devices. Xu Tui was not in a hurry to use it. Instead, he said to Luo Murong, “Murong, lend me your saber.”

“No! Blades and women are not lent out!” Luo Murong added.

Xu Tui: “…”

Xu Tui gritted his teeth. He looked at Luo Murong, who was standing with his golden horse, and said, “Come then, you do it. Chop off his remaining leg and arm!”

Before Luo Murong could say anything, Jian Qi was surprised. “Won’t he become a human stick? He’s already like this. Do we still need to cut him?”

“I can’t guarantee that I can control him 100%. I can only try my best to weaken him. He won’t die anyway! Chop!”

Whoosh! Whoosh!

In the next moment, a saber light flashed. Lei Xiang’s remaining leg and hand instantly flew up. The intense pain made Lei Xiang suddenly open his eyes and sit up. But he instantly fainted again.

Xu Tui handed a lead-shielded helmet to Li Shihua. “Rub it into nails. Is that okay?”

“It’s a small matter!”

...

In the next moment, Li Shihua’s energy field erupted. He rubbed his hands together and in a few breaths, he turned a shielding helmet into a thin three-inch nail.

Xu Tui pressed his finger on Lei Xiang’s head and probed with his mental perception.

Swish!

A shield spike instantly pierced into Lei Xiang’s head. However, Xu Tui’s exquisite guidance of his mental perception did not injure the brain tissue of Lei Xiang. It happened to be nailed into the gap between the tissues.

Ruan Da, Li Shihua, Jian Qi, and the others gasped.

This was too f*cking ruthless! All of them felt the back of their heads turn cold.

Xu Tui used his mental perception to guide it. He ignored them. This was how he treated his enemies. The Fallen Star team had almost implemented the Fallen Star tactic just now. He would be a fool if he hesitated now!

Then, he nailed a total of six shields of different lengths in front of and behind Lei Xiang’s head. Then, he put the mental shield hat on Lei Xiang. Under such circumstances, he would be convinced if Lei Xiang could still use his mind power after he woke up.

Taking a step back, even if Lei Xiang woke up and could use his mind power, it would probably be very weak.

Xu Tui did not treat Lei Xiang’s wound. He allowed it to bleed slowly. The bodies of Genetic Transmutation Realm or quasi-planetary-level powerhouses were extremely terrifying. They would not die from bleeding.

Making Lei Xiang lose a large amount of blood was also one of the ways Xu Tui could weaken his strength after capturing him.

There were some things that superpowers could not solve immediately. For example, serious injuries or a large loss of blood.

Under these layers of measures, Lei Xiang would not be able to do anything even if he woke up.

“Commander Zhu, find someone to keep an eye on him. Tie his entire body with particle clusters of high-explosive mines. If there are any traces of him being lost, kill him immediately,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, if this guy can be brought back to the moon, he will definitely make those Planetary realm powerhouses go crazy! Over the years, we have captured many Spirits. However, this is the first time we can bring him back to the moon alive!” Zhu Lang said.

After he finished speaking, a warrior brought the unconscious Lei Xiang away. However, Zhu Lang looked at Xu Tui and said, “How is your body? If there are no problems with your body, the command will be handed over to you again.”

Xu Tui glanced at Li Shihua. Li Shihua’s Three Flower Wood Immortal Pill was quite magical. At this moment, he felt that he was extremely energetic. He would have no problems fighting two to three more matches.

He had to remember this favor!

“I have no problems!”

“Alright, you decide what to do next!” Zhu Lang said.

“Gather the team first. Commander Zhu, contact the Russian Federation and the Africa Sector. First, confirm where the team that came out of Base 5 to receive Lei Xiang is. Let’s see if we have a chance to ambush them,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“I’ll contact them again. Five minutes ago, the people from the Russian Federation said that this team is heading in this direction. They’ll arrive at calabash-shaped valley in 30 minutes!” A minute later, Zhu Lang suddenly looked up at the sky. “We’ve been discovered? Are there satellites? There are also fish that escaped the net, or something else?

“I just received an emergency notice from the Russian Federation saying that the team of 13 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts who came out of Base 5 has suddenly returned. They even had a small conflict with them.”

“Where is the turnaround?”

“It should be Base 5. They seem to be very flustered!” Zhu Lang said.

“Alright, then board the plane. We’ll attack the base!” Xu Tui shouted.

Zhu Lang, Li Shiqi, Ruan Da, and the others were stunned. “No way. You’re going to attack Base 5?”

Xu Tui glanced at everyone. “Who said that I’m going to attack Base 5?”

“Then which base should we attack?”

“Let’s attack the main base! Inform the others to lengthen the team and turn on all the lights,” Xu Tui ordered.