Chapter 855 - 855 The Truth About The Bait Tactic

855 The Truth About the Bait Tactic

The scene of the pursuit and rescue battle led by the commander of the Extreme Wind Number Seven resource planet, Yin Zhou, suddenly became the battle of the Blue Star humans against the Mechanical Spirit Clan.

The sheep that Yin Zhou and the others had thought had fled after suffering heavy losses suddenly became a ferocious tiger that turned around to eat humans.

No, they were ferocious tigers that turned around and ate mechanical spirits! However, he still felt a little regretful in the end.

In the direction of Li Shihua, they encountered two Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirits . One of the Mechanical Spirits saw that the situation was not good and fled.

It was not that Li Shihua did not try his best, but in terms of speed, the Mechanical Spirit of the Transmutation Realm was still very fast.

Li Shihua and the others could not fly yet. By the time they boarded the triangular flying saucer and wanted to chase after him, this Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit had already run far away!

At this point, Xu Tui had planned this battle for more than ten days and obtained a staged victory. They had captured Lei Xiang, who was at the peak of the Genetic Transmutation Realm, and three Mechanical Spirits at the Evolution Realm.

Other than the one that escaped, all the Mechanical Spirits in the Transmutation Realm were killed.

A Mechanical Spirit at the Transmutation Realm had extremely powerful combat strength. No one dared to hold back. They used all their strength the moment they attacked. Anyone who dared to hold back against a Mechanical Spirit at the Transmutation Realm would be courting death.

On the Huaxia Sector’s side, they had also suffered considerable losses.@@novelbin@@

This was especially so in the battle last night. Seven people died on the spot, 14 were seriously injured, and nearly half of them were lightly injured.

In today’s battle, two people had died in battle, nine were seriously injured, and more than 30 were slightly injured.

The Mechanical Spirit Race’s combat strength was actually very strong. Other than Yin Zhou, who had encountered the Worldly Special Force, the battle situation of the other teams was actually rather intense.

“Have you found everything?” Xu Tui urged Cui Xi, who was leading everyone to clean up the battlefield.

“Right away!”

“One minute!”

“Prepare the triangular flying saucer.”

Xu Tui gave a time limit. Then, he walked toward Zhu Lang and Li Zhen. “Commander Zhu, Commander Li, the two of you, leave one of you to take care of the injured and clean up the battlefield here. I’m going to bring a portion of them away.”

“Attack the first main base?” Li Zhen asked.

“That’s right. Base 1 is extremely empty. It might be easy for us to launch a surprise attack before the news of the death of their commander, Yin Zhou, spreads. As long as we take down the first main base, we will basically be able to win this space invasion,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, I’ll stay behind to take care of the injured. Old Li, bring some people and follow Xu Tui to attack the first main base,” Zhu Lang said.

“You’re the regiment commander. You should go. I’m the vice-captain. I’ll take care of the injured,” Li Zhen said.

“Don’t be so long-winded. If you take down the main base of the resource planet, even if it’s to support the Worldly Special Force, you’ll be able to get a third-grade contribution.

“You should use this opportunity to raise your military rank. Look at my shoulders. Don’t make me look down on you!” Zhu Lang shook his shoulders.

Li Zhen revealed a rare smile. “Commander…”

Zhu Lang pretended to beat him up before Li Zhen quickly nodded. As he nodded, Li Zhen whispered to Xu Tui and Zhu Lang, “Thank you!”

Xu Tui and Zhu Lang had given him contributions for nothing.

When he saw this scene and thought about how Zhu Lang had stomped his feet a few hours ago for the soldier from the Fallen Star team, Xu Tui suddenly understood why Zhu Lang was the regiment commander and Li Zhen, who was a schemer, could only be the vice-captain.

Zhu Lang was more charismatic and trustworthy!

In any case, Xu Tui would not be afraid of dealing with Zhu Lang. He would agree to whatever they discussed. However, if he were to deal with Li Zhen, he would have three question marks in his mind even if the deal was successful. He would wonder if Li Zhen had any other motives.

This was charisma!

“Commander, the Mechanical Spirits we killed all have access cards on them.

“Other than the few that were smashed to pieces, we found a total of 69 access cards,” Cui Xi reported.

“Alright, let’s set off!” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui looked at Li Shihua and Ruan Da. “I’m going to quickly attack Base 1. What about you? Do you want to come along?”

Li Shihua and Ruan Da looked at each other and said in unison, “Go, why not! Damn it, I have to see if Cui Xi has an extra gun or what. I can’t figure it out. Where did he get his charm from?” Li Shihua looked angry.

They had used Xu Tui’s bait tactic six to seven times. None of them succeeded. However, in the video that Xu Tui had sent, he succeeded every time he used it.

Cui Xi, who was waving a large iron rod and twisting his butt, was extremely attractive to the Mechanical Spirit. They could not understand it no matter how they studied it!

“I’ll wait for you for 30 seconds. Split up and follow.”

He had to race against time!

Thirty seconds later, the five triangular flying saucers flew away rapidly. Zhu Lang began to command the other members to clean up the seized items and transport the injured. During this surprise attack on the main base, the members of the Worldly Special Force took two triangular flying saucers.

The reason why they were split into two triangular flying saucers was that Xu Tui’s triangular flying saucer was carrying four captives.

They were Lei Xiang and the three Mechanical Spirits who had been captured.

Lei Xiang was seriously injured and was still in a coma. However, the physique of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert was very powerful. He no longer had any limbs. The internal organs in his lower abdomen had all burst out. However, in the past few hours, Xu Tui could sense that his aura had begun to slowly recover.

This recovery ability was extremely shocking.

The body of a Transmutation Realm expert was really, really powerful!

“Help me keep watch. I’ll interrogate these Mechanical Spirits in the Evolution Realm and see if I can get any useful information,” Xu Tui said.

Luo Murong, Yan Lie, and Cui Xi were sitting with Xu Tui in a triangular flying saucer. Zhao Hailong was leading the team on the other one.

“Don’t worry. We’ll deal with any abnormal movements immediately,” Yan Lie said.

In the next moment, Xu Tui materialized the original quantum life frequency of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Then, he used Spiritual Resonance, Spiritual Concealment, and Advanced Hypnosis.

“We found a bunch of energy shield access cards for the bases. It might have come from many bases. It’s mixed up now. Can you help us distinguish them?”

The advanced hypnosis and Spiritual Concealment made the captured Mechanical Spirit think that his superior was giving him an order. Energy’s eyes flickered as he stared blankly at the pile of access cards that Xu Tui had dropped in front of him.

With a surge of energy, the right arm of the captured Mechanical Spirit suddenly turned into a tool that looked like a scanner. It slowly swept past the pass cards of the 60-odd energy defense barriers.

After scanning through it, the Mechanical Spirit at the Evolution Realm began to quickly classify it into eight small piles.

Some of the small piles only had three to four pass cards, while others had more than ten pass cards.

...

“You’ve distributed it. Very good. Now, take a look and see which pass cards match this one.”

Xu Tui placed the access card that he had found on the body of the resource star commander, Yin Zhou, in front of the Mechanical Spirit.

After another round of scanning, the Mechanical Spirit pushed out the pile of pass cards in front of him, indicating that they were the same.

There were a total of 14 access cards.

At the side, Yan Lie, Cui Xi, and Luo Murong were extremely shocked. After seeing this scene with their own eyes, they could understand the many unsolved mysteries from before.

“Which base are you from?”

“Sir, I’m from Resource Base Number 5.”

“Find me the pass to Base 5.”

“Alright, Sir.”

Thirty seconds later, the Mechanical Spirit pushed out another pile of access cards. This was the access card to Base 5.

There were 23 access cards to Base 5. This meant that Yin Zhou had already drained the strength of Base 5.

...

Then what about the main base? Why were there only 14? However, Xu Tui immediately understood. Yin Zhou would definitely not mobilize all of the elites in the main base. There would definitely be a portion of them.

Therefore, the first main base would be empty, but it was not space.

“You’ve worked hard. You can rest now.” Xu Tui snapped his fingers at the hypnotized Mechanical Spirit.

“Sir, I didn’t work…” Before he could finish speaking, the Mechanical Spirit fainted again.

Yan Lie, Cui Xi, and Luo Murong watched this scene. In the end, Yan Lie said carefully, “Commander, you know hypnosis?”

Xu Tui nodded.

“According to what I know, it’s extremely difficult to hypnotize the Mechanical Spirit Race. Many masters of the School of Radiation Influence can’t do it,” Luo Murong interrupted.

“Mr. Cai taught me a method to hypnotize Mechanical Spirits. However, the implementation requirements are extremely high. Most people can’t do it.”

Xu Tui had already learned his lesson. He pushed all the inexplicable things onto Cai Shaochu. In any case, Cai Shaochu, a Planetary realm powerhouse, was almost omnipotent in the eyes of many students.

Xu Tui suddenly shuddered when Cai Shaochu was mentioned.

There was something he had not done! When he came, Cai Shaochu had given him a homework assignment to copy at least 100,000 times of the four ancient seal characters and oracle bone textbooks.

Xu Tui did not even look.

It seemed that there was not much time left. No, he had to hurry up. Xu Tui would not dare to fool a Planetary realm powerhouse in front of him. Moreover, Xu Tui wanted to complete his homework better so that he could shamelessly ask Cai Shaochu for a reward.

That ‘Seal’ Origin Crystal ability seal card was really awesome!

On the moon, on the top floor of the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, Cai Shaochu, who was studying information, suddenly sneezed a few times. Then, he looked suspiciously at the window. “Which bastard is secretly thinking about me?”

In the triangular flying saucer, although Xu Tui had pushed the blame onto Cai Shaochu, Yan Lie, Luo Murong, and Cui Xi had already figured out many things.

It was not that he, Old Cui, was charming, nor was it because he had the mutated genes that Mechanical Spirits liked. It was Commander Xu Tui who had hypnotized those Mechanical Spirits in his previous preparations.

The mystery of the bait tactic was finally solved.

“Commander, should we keep this a secret?” Cui Xi, who looked rough but was meticulous, suddenly asked.

Xu Tui had not mentioned it before, nor had he displayed the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence in front of them. He had even said that it was a card. It was obvious that he wanted to keep it a secret.

There might be some kind of taboo.

“If you can keep it a secret, try your best to keep it a secret. It’s best not to tell anyone else. We definitely can’t tell anyone outside the special forces,” Xu Tui emphasized.

The three of them nodded in unison.

After four hours of high-speed flying, the group of five flying saucers lowered their altitude when they were 100 kilometers away from the main base. When they were 40 kilometers away from the first main base, everyone quickly approached on foot.

On a hill two kilometers away from the main base, Xu Tui looked at Li Shihua and Ruan Da and said, “We’ll attack first. You guys will charge in after that.”

Li Shihua blinked and nodded vigorously. “Alright, we can also learn this bait tactic on the spot.”

“Alright!”

“Old Cui, charge!”

In the next moment, Cui Xi took the lead. All the members of the Worldly Special Force set up their foot-jet thrusters and quickly rushed towards Base 1.

Five seconds later, the alarm in the first main base rang. Ten seconds later, Cui Xi was the first to rush to the energy defense barrier of the first main base.

Seeing this, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, Jian Qi, and the others widened their eyes. They wanted to see with their own eyes how Cui Xi had tempted the Mechanical Spirit Race.

In the next moment, Cui Xi, who had landed on the ground, charged straight through the energy defense barrier of the main base.

Then, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, and Xu Tui. In a few seconds, the members of the Worldly Special Force all rushed into the energy protection shield of the first main base and started a massacre.

Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and the others were dumbfounded. It took them a long time to say the word ‘f*ck’!