Chapter 852 - 852 Attacking The Enemy

852 Attacking the Enemy

On the route to Base 1, six triangular flying saucers were flying at high speed. Even though it was already dawn, their lights were still on.

An extremely dazzling pillar of light shot out from the world that had not completely lit up.

However, under the cover of this dazzling pillar of light, six triangular flying saucers were hidden in the shadows below the six triangular flying saucers.

There were a total of 12 triangular flying saucers. They were all flying at a fixed speed. Coupled with the fact that they were covered by the lights, unless one observed them closely, they would not be able to discover the other six triangular flying saucers hidden in the shadows.

The 11 members of the Worldly Special Force were squeezed into a triangular flying saucer hidden in the shadows.

In the flying saucer, Xu Tui held an Origin Crystal in his hand. He closed his eyes and slowly absorbed it. Previously, Xu Tui had completely strengthened his mental whip genetic chain to Level 3 on the spot. He had successfully completed the autonomous evolution that others had hoped for.

Xu Tui was not too surprised. Actually, this should be a logical thing to do.

Previously, when he used his mental perception to observe others, even Zhao Hailong and Yang Huai, who had already broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, had only two to three of their genetic ability chains being strengthened to Level 3.

Moreover, Level 3 Genetic Base Points only accounted for a small portion of the Level 3 Genetic Ability Chain.

On the other hand, other than the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain, the genetic base points in Xu Tui’s body were basically all golden.

It would be unreasonable if he could not break through smoothly.

However, he had only taken one step into the Genetic Evolution Realm. Through the horizontal efficiency of this level-three genetic ability chain, he would continuously strengthen various aspects of his body and greatly increase his life foundation.

It was called evolution!

Originally, there was another most obvious improvement after breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm—the genetic ability chain that was mainly used to evolve genetic abilities. After the evolution was successful, the power of this ability would increase greatly. It might even undergo mutation or even evolution at the power level.

This was especially so for autonomous evolvers. Evolution at this level was even more common.

An Xiaoxue had a Dimensional Explosion after she broke through. This was the situation.

However, on Xu Tui’s side, other than the greatly enhanced power of the mental whip, there were no mutations, much less any evolution in power.

This made Xu Tui feel a little regretful. He had a rough guess that it was because he had used the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir previously. The mental whip had already mutated in advance, so it did not happen when he broke through.

After all, no matter if it was an ability mutation or a power level evolution, it was impossible to create something out of nothing.

According to current research, supernatural power was ultimately only a power system. Just like the mechanics developed by the modern human scientific system, it was only a power classification.

For example, Newtonian mechanics, particle physics, and quantum mechanics were just a branch of mechanics. One day in the future, after the supernatural power system was studied thoroughly, there would be another branch of human science called supernatural mechanics.

This might happen ten years later or a hundred years later, but it would definitely happen.

Under normal circumstances, it would take three to five days for one to step into the Genetic Evolution Realm and completely reach the Genetic Evolution Realm.

The sign was actually very simple. It was that the horizontal effect of the main genetic ability chain on the body would disappear when it reached its limit.

In these three to five days, the requirement for energy for a breakthrough was very high. He had to constantly replenish his energy.

The evolution of the physical body required a large amount of energy. Moreover, he could not rely on Origin Crystals.

“Who brought compressed military rations? Give me another packet.” Xu Tui’s eyes were a little green when he opened his eyes. He drank a bottle of Level C Energy Restoration Elixir as he spoke.

This kind of comprehensive evolution of the body could not only replenish Origin Energy and Energy Restoration Elixir.

He also needed food! A large amount of food.

In these two hours, Xu Tui had already finished the compressed military grain in his backpack. Under normal circumstances, he would have been able to eat for at least half a month.

“Here, eat mine!” Yan Lie handed Xu Tui a packet. Xu Tui took it and started chewing with extreme difficulty.

This thing was for training his teeth!

“Commander, do you think that the main force of the Mechanical Spirit Clan will chase after us?” Yan Lie asked in confusion.

Hearing Yan Lie’s words, the members of the Worldly Special Force who were squeezed together looked over.

“They definitely will. They won’t dare to lose the first main base no matter which base they lose,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui’s words immediately piqued the interest of everyone in the Worldly Special Force.

“Commander, if there are still experts in the main base, wouldn’t they be able to wrap us up like dumplings if they cooperate with the main force of the Mechanical Spirit Clan and attack us from the front and back?”@@novelbin@@

“Commander, we’ve already captured Lei Xiang. What if the main force of the Mechanical Spirit Clan is afraid?”

“Commander…”

The members asked like curious babies, especially since there were no outsiders.

In the battle of the surprise attack on Lei Xiang, the enemy did not even notice them when they reached their doorstep. It was simply a godly battle. It would be a lie to say that the members of the Worldly Special Force were not curious.

Xu Tui was also stunned. It was not that he could not answer these questions. It was just that if he answered all of them, many of his secrets would be exposed. Although he could definitely trust the 11 members of the Worldly Special Force after this battle, it was better to be safe than sorry.

Just as Xu Tui was organizing his words, Zhao Hailong’s face suddenly darkened. “Why are you all fooling around? The reason why the regiment commander could do this was definitely because the principal or the two teachers of the regiment commander had done their best. Who knew how much they had paid behind the scenes?

“However, the goal is to let the Huaxia Sector obtain greater benefits. Could he say this casually? If he said everything, how would he deal with them next time? Even if none of us have any problems, what if we let it slip one day?”

Zhao Hailong shouted. A few female students stuck out their tongues. The male students also fell silent.

The deterrence of the former Tiger of Huaxia was rather high. Whether it was now or in the past, it was a tall mountain. It could be said that other than Xu Tui, Zhao Hailong had the highest prestige in the Worldly Special Force.

“Actually, it’s not a secret. I got part of the information from their command center, just like their map. The rest are mostly analyses and judgments. Of course, there are also some methods that the principal and my teacher gave me. For example…”

Xu Tui still said more to avoid causing a rift.

Actually, Xu Tui only had one basis for judging that the main force of Base 1 was empty. The location of the other colony that was communicating with Lei Xiang had been moved from Base 1 to Base 5.

That basically confirmed that Base 1 was most likely empty. Even if he was not empty, it was not much! More importantly, according to the information that Ah Huang had obtained, there was a quantum teleportation channel between the forward operating base and the resource planet.

This was extremely important!

Of course, the quantum teleportation gate of the Resource Planet Number Seven was not directly connected to the Spiritual Race’s forward base. There was a transit planet in the middle that could be considered the defense of the forward base.

However, regardless of whether it was a transit or not, the importance of the quantum teleportation channel was extremely important no matter where it was.

Controlling the quantum teleportation channel was equivalent to temporarily controlling the entire resource planet.

...

Just like how important the quantum portal of the moon was. The quasi-planetary-level powerhouses of the six alliances were guarding it all year round. If the quantum portal of the moon was lost, the entire Blue Star and the moon would erupt. They would take it back at all costs.

In that case, what if the quantum teleportation channel of the resource planet was lost?

No matter what the Spiritual Race on the other side of the teleportation channel would do, the Mechanical Spirits on the resource planet of the Extreme Wind Number Seven would definitely be in an uproar. They would go crazy!

Once they lost the quantum teleportation channel, they would not even have the chance to evacuate or obtain reinforcements.

They would be in a desperate situation!

They had to attack the enemy and save the channel.

This was Xu Tui’s plan. They had to attack the enemy and save it. Then, he had to annihilate the enemy in the wilderness! Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have dared to rush in even if he had ten guts.

Moreover, Xu Tui still had the big bait, Lei Xiang.

“Xu Tui, there are Mechanical Spirits chasing after us from behind. They are extremely fast. They will catch up to us in 20 minutes!” Zhu Lang’s voice suddenly sounded in the command channel.

“How many of them are there?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’m not too sure, but there are at least 60 people.”

...

There were more than 60 people. If the 13 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts were excluded, there would probably be 50 Mechanical Spirit elites at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

This number made Xu Tui feel a lingering fear. If this batch of forces had to meet up with Lei Xiang previously, there would definitely be a large number of casualties among the battle team in this battle.

But now, it is different.

“Commander Zhu, how do you want to fight?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’ll listen to you. You know more about them than me.” Zhu Lang smiled.

“Commander Zhu, immediately invite the teams from the Africa and Russian Federation to gather from the back. We have to ensure that they can’t return to Base 5.”

“Alright! What about us?”

“They have more Transmutation Realm experts. Let’s retreat,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Disguise that we’re no match for them and retreat? Split their forces and then attack them one by one?” Li Zhen continued.

“That’s right.”

If more than a dozen Genetic Transmutation Realm experts were gathered together, there would be a lot of casualties as long as they focused fire in pairs.

“How exactly do we retreat?”

“Change the formation later and split it into six directions. Spread out in a semi-encirclement state and then adapt to the situation. However, we have to distribute the elite forces well. There have to be elites who can deal with Genetic Transmutation Realm experts in every direction of retreat,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay, I’ll arrange it immediately,” Zhu Lang said.

“Commander Zhu, arrange for me to look after the triangular flying saucer that displayed the captured Lei Xiang,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Zhu Lang paused for a moment. “Then you might encounter the main force of the enemy. Will it be very dangerous?”

“Didn’t I just break through? Besides, I told you before the battle that I’ll do the most difficult thing. Otherwise, why would I get the bulk of the money?” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!”

As soon as Zhu Lang agreed, Xu Tui said, “Prepare for battle.” As soon as she finished speaking, Mu Xingluan began to put on the Thousand Vines Armor for everyone.