Chapter 858 - 858 You Can’T Learn

858 You Can’t Learn

In the interrogation room, Yang Huai fiddled for almost an hour before he was done.

Yang Huai moved a chair over and sat in front of Lei Xiang. He took out a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir and placed it in front of Lei Xiang’s mouth.

“Come, Brother. You’re so fierce. Replenish your energy first. We’ll play slowly.”

Lei Xiang pursed his lips tightly and refused to drink.

!!

However, in the next moment, Yang Huai suddenly pinched open Lei Xiang’s mouth and stuffed the entire bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir into it. Then, he pinched Lei Xiang’s mouth and hammered his cheeks.

Thirty seconds later, Yang Huai, who had just looked like a demon, pinched open Yang Huai’s mouth and carefully picked out the fragments of the bottle in his mouth.

Then, an extremely bright lamp shone into Lei Xiang’s eyes.

Yang Huai injected a bottle of Level D Amine Stimulant into Lei Xiang’s body. After doing all of this, Yang Huai clapped his hands. “That’s about it. I’ll give you one every day. You won’t have to worry about fainting for the next half a month.”

Lei Xiang glanced coldly at Yang Huai and did not say anything.

Some people had stronger willpower than mind power, but those with stronger mind power would not have weaker willpower.

He had been captured.

Lei Xiang could only endure it until the end and wait for a turning point.

Yang Huai no longer treated Lei Xiang with violence. In any case, he started a charcoal fire in the very ugly furnace. The wood was the blue wood on the resource planet. It was oily and resistant to flames.

“Dude, do you know what I lack the most these few days?” Lei Xiang ignored him, but Yang Huai muttered to himself, “I lack meat! We’ve been in this godforsaken place for 40 days. I’ve been eating compressed rations for 40 days. My mouth is so bland. I could even roast a rat’s meat, let alone the meat of the Spiritual Race. However, I’ve never tasted the flesh of the Spiritual Race. I’ll try it today.”

As he spoke, Yang Huai took his small blunt knife and began to slice slowly. The slice was very slow and did not hurt too much.

It was much less painful than when Xu Tui had tortured him previously. However, a small blunt knife only managed to cut off a piece of flesh after 30 seconds. This made Lei Xiang feel an indescribable feeling.

If you want to cut, then cut faster. Why are you so slow?

“It has skin. There’s fat and thin. Although there’s less fat, the taste should be good.” As he spoke, Yang Huai placed a piece of Lei Xiang’s meat on the fire and roasted it.

The sizzling sound of oil instantly made Lei Xiang’s forehead sweat.

A minute later, Yang Huai, who had sprinkled the meat with condiments, picked up the piece of Lei Xiang’s meat and ate it.

“Yes, it smells f*cking good. This is the smell of meat! Awesome, again.”

The little blunt knife started cutting again.

Yang Huai did not interrogate him. He cut his way through the meat slowly. He even spent ten minutes sawing off a small piece of the spine. “The roasted bone marrow is oily. It’s f*cking fragrant! Do you want to try it?”

When Yang Huai brought Lei Xiang’s meat to his mouth, Lei Xiang’s face had already turned extremely pale and was covered in cold sweat.

Half of it was pain, and the other half was fear.

Lunatic! This guy was a f*cking lunatic. He actually ate people! Why had he never heard of the Blue Star humans having a hobby of eating humans?

“Regardless of gender, the flesh on your chest should be the fattest. But I should burn this hair well. Look. Oh, that’s right. I’ll give you another injection of growth hormone so that you could hurry up and gain weight. Although you won’t die from this, it won’t be good if you don’t have enough meat and it was finished in advance…”

As Yang Huai muttered to himself, fear had already begun to appear in Lei Xiang’s eyes.

…

In the command hall, Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, Xu Tui, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and the others were holding an emergency meeting.

“My suggestion is to gather the main forces at Base 1. The operating capacity of the ore refinement center in Base 1 is five times that of the other bases. We have to gather 80% of the fully automatic engineering robots we have so that the ore refinement center here can operate at full capacity,” Zhu Lang said.

“Also, I think that the ore and metal ingots stored in the other bases can be transferred here in advance. At that time, our temporary quantum teleportation channel will be opened at the first main base,” Ruan Da suggested.

Everyone looked at Xu Tui because Xu Tui had the secondary quantum beacon in the Huaxia Sector.

“There’s no problem with that. However, you guys can do these things first. I still have a few follow-up matters to settle.”

“What are you going to do?” Li Shihua frowned.@@novelbin@@

“I still have to quickly take down a few resource bases. I promised to supply you with one base. There’s also the Russian Federation and the Africa Sector’s battle teams to restrain them. I have to take down at least three more bases. Time is tight. Do this first. We’ll hold a loot-sharing meeting when I return in a few days.” Xu Tui stood up and was about to leave.

Li Shihua, Ruan Da, Jian Qi, and the others exchanged glances. Their gazes finally landed on Zhu Lang, the commander of the battle team.

“This… Xu Tui, can you wait a moment?” Zhu Lang said helplessly.

“Commander Zhu, what’s the matter?”

“Xu Tui, the strength of an entire regiment of the Worldly Special Force is limited after all. What everyone means is that if you have a way to break through the alien strategic base, you might as well share it. If everyone attacks together, we will probably be able to sweep through more than 30 bases on the entire Resource Planet in a few days. Of course, they did not mean that they wanted it for nothing.

“After we take down the resource base, we’ll split half of the spoils and future profits with the Worldly Special Force,” Zhu Lang said.

Xu Tui slowly turned around and looked back. The expressions of Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and the others immediately became unnatural.

“Xu Tui, this… We’re not forcing it. We just want to share some of the burden! Today is already the 40th day of the space invasion. We would have to start planning our return in 18 days at most. There are still many bases left. It’s better to attack them together.” Li Shihua explained. After explaining, he said, “Of course, if you’re unwilling, we won’t force you!”

“Yes, it’s good that you’ve made your point. We’re all living in the same pit now. We’ve risked our lives together. We’re all comrades. Since we’ve made it clear, we’ll give it if we can. We won’t have any complaints even if we don’t want to,” Zhu Lang said.

“Yes, that’s the idea. If you’re unwilling, we won’t ask any more questions,” Ruan Da said.

Xu Tui looked at the nervous crowd and suddenly laughed. “That’s it?”

“Yes!”

“I can’t!”

Those two clean words made Li Shihua, Ruan Da, Jian Qi, and the others freeze. Although they said that they would not complain, they still felt a little uncomfortable. After all, they did not ask for it for nothing. Instead, they gave half of the profits to the Worldly Special Force.

It was equivalent to everyone helping the Worldly Special Force earn money. Why would they not agree?

Both Li Shihua and Ruan Da could not understand!

“Are you feeling uncomfortable?” Xu Tui chuckled when he saw everyone’s expressions.

“Actually, it’s not that I can’t give it. It’s just that even if I tell you, you won’t be able to learn it or use it,” Xu Tui said.

“If you don’t say it, how do you know that we can’t learn it? We can be said to have gathered the top elites of the Huaxia Sector’s age. There’s nothing we can’t learn.” Jian Qi was anxious.

...

“Then let me ask you. Do you know the abilities of the School of General Senses?”

Jian Qi shook his head.

“Then can you materialize and sense the original quantum frequency of the Mechanical Spirit?”

Jian Qi shook his head again.

“That’s right. Sensing and materializing the quantum frequency of the Mechanical Spirit’s original life is the first and most important step. If you could not do that, there was no need to talk about the future. Do you think you can learn it?” Xu Tui asked.

“I can’t learn it!”

Li Shihua, Ruan Da, and Jian Qi were a little depressed. Although they were a little dejected, the knot in their hearts had been resolved. It was not that Xu Tui was stingy, but the abilities of the School of General Senses were too uncommon.

“Wait for my good news. See you later.”

Xu Tui left with a smile. Li Shihua, Ruan Da, Jian Qi, Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, and the others started to gossip.

“How do you think Xu Tui managed to lure the Mechanical Spirit out with his ability to materialize the original quantum frequency of its life?”

“Could it be that the original quantum life frequency of a beautiful Mechanical Spirit attracted them out?”

...

“It’s possible!”

“Possible my ass. When Xu Tui comes back another day, I’ll get him to materialize the original quantum life frequency of a human beauty for you. I’ll see if I can get you to ejaculate…”

“Scram!

…

It was impossible for Xu Tui to reveal the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence. However, he could reveal the fact that he could materialize the original quantum life frequency of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

There were not many people in the entire Blue Star who were accomplished in the cultivation of the School of General Senses.

Xu Tui’s first stop was naturally Base 5. They had already obtained a portion of the pass to Base 5. Furthermore, all the elites in Base 5 had been emptied. Other than an adjutant at the Genetic Evolution Realm, there was no other Genetic Evolution Realm.

Xu Tui had taken over Base 5 in minutes.

After attacking Base 5, Xu Tui immediately inserted Ah Huang’s core chip into the data center interface of Base 5.

“Ah Huang, see if there is any outreach data. Did it activate the safe self-destruction measure?”

Xu Tui was a little nervous. He could not obtain the information from the data center of the first main base. That was because he had no choice. Xu Tui was prepared to curse if he could not obtain the information from the base here.

He would curse Ah Huang for being incompetent!

“It’s activating, but before it’s activated, it’s first contacting Base 1 to confirm the safety logic. However, Base 1 can’t be contacted. Give me some time. Even if we can’t take down the data center of this base, we can definitely take down the next base!” Ah Huang said.

“Alright, I’ll temporarily take back the label of trash that I was about to paste on you.”

“Damn it, you’re the useless one. You couldn’t even take down Xiaoxue after so long. To think that I created so many opportunities for you.”

Xu Tui was speechless when Xiaoxue was mentioned. It was not that he was really speechless. Instead, he missed An Xiaoxue. He missed the Moon, the Blue Star, and his parents!

Fifteen minutes later, Ah Huang shouted for Xu Tui to physically destroy the data center of Base 5 and stop the self-destruction program.

“Next, I’ll definitely be able to take down the data center of the next base.” Ah Huang’s voice was a little weak.

“Let’s go and attack Base 4!”

After Xu Tui handed over Base 5, which he had just taken down, to the members of the Taiyi Special Force, he led a group of members and charged toward Base 4, which was 900 kilometers away.

It was only two hours.

At the same time that Xu Tui took down Base 4, the adjutant, Lei Qian, stood at the forward operating base with her arms crossed. At first glance, it looked as if she was gently holding her chest.

It was almost 12 hours, but there was still no news from Yin Zhou, especially news related to Lei Xiang.

Commander-in-chief Lei Tian, who was patrolling outside, asked again.

“Forget it, let’s not wait any longer. Let’s directly contact the main base of the resource planet and see if Yin Zhou is there. If not, we’ll check the satellite data first.” Lei Qian gave the order.

Thirty seconds later, the Spirit Warrior in charge of the communication device suddenly screamed. “Sir, the signal from the first main base is gone! It disappeared!”

“The signal from the main base of the resource planet has disappeared? How is that possible?” Hearing this, Lei Qian instantly pounced over!