Chapter 865 - 865 Huge Harvest (1)

865 Huge Harvest (1)

They obtained a total of 12,300 grams of Origin Crystals from the auction of the five bases. This amount had greatly exceeded Xu Tui’s previous estimates. Furthermore, it was definitely a huge sum of money.

Therefore, on the night of the 44th day of the space invasion, Xu Tui was wondering if he should take out a portion of the Origin Crystals he had obtained to thank Zhu Lang and Li Zhen.

Without their operations, these five bases would definitely not be able to sell for this price. However, the problem was that giving it to Zhu Lang and Li Zhen was against the rules.

There was not much point to give it to the Huaxia Sector’s battle team since the amount would be less. Xu Tui could not bear to give them to them if he were to give more.

However, before Xu Tui could speak, Zhu Lang saw through Xu Tui’s thoughts.

“First of all, we have to thank Xu Tui and the Worldly Special Force for their contributions in this space invasion. Without the contributions of Xu Tui and the Worldly Special Force, we would not have been able to obtain more than ten times the benefits of the previous space invasion. Not to mention obtaining the control program of the ore mental refinement center.”

As he spoke, Zhu Lang smiled and said, “When we go back, we have to find the time to thank you! Although you were the one who obtained the program, it was under our leadership. We also benefited from you. I reckon that I can get a third-grade or even a second-grade credit!”

Xu Tui roughly understood what Zhu Lang meant when he said that. So he temporarily put this matter aside.

However, after Zhu Lang said that, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, Jian Qi, Jian Dan, Dai Yizhou, and the others stood up and thanked Xu Tui. This made Xu Tui feel embarrassed.

“Alright, let’s cut to the chase! This time, our Huaxia Sector’s special forces have cooperated very well. I hope that we can maintain this style in the future.”

Zhu Lang nodded, and everyone agreed.

“Alright, next, we’ll split the loot! The main thing is to split the loot from the main base and the battle. Let’s talk about the specific amount first.”

At Zhu Lang’s signal, Li Zhen took out a list. They had obtained a total of 2,600 Origin Crystals from the two battles of breaking through the first main base, raiding Lei Xiang, and ambushing Yin Zhou.

They obtained a total of 500 Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy, 95 Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy, and 50 Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

They obtained a total of 26,000 metal ingots.

Humanoid lifeforms of 3,000 neck rings. These neck rings could be compatible with mind power and electronic signals. They could transmit supernatural power without any damage. They were a relatively new type of alloy.

There was a spiritual box.

There were 24 meteor-level next-generation quantum chips, and one planetary-level next-generation quantum chip.

There were also several other pieces of equipment.

“The other equipment seized will belong to our battle team. According to the agreement before the battle, Worldly will take 50%, Taiyi and Haotian will each take 20%, and our battle team will take 10%.

“There are currently three special and precious seizures. They were the spiritual box and the next-generation planetary-level quantum chip.

“According to the initial agreement and algorithm, the Worldly Special Force had the priority to choose. Due to their 50% share, they could directly choose one of the three items and take 33% of the share.

“Taiyi and Haotian had to compensate the Worldly Special Force with other items no matter which item of the two they chose. That was the general rule. Of course, you can raise any objections. We risked our lives together in this space invasion and survived bravely.

“When the time comes, don’t make things unpleasant because of such a small amount of worldly possessions,” Zhu Lang said.

This distribution plan had been discussed from the beginning. Naturally, no one had any objections now.

“Since there are no objections, then let’s get the Worldly Special Force to choose first,” Zhu Lang said.

“Alright, we’ll choose the spiritual box then.”

As soon as these words were spoken, a bitter smile appeared on the lips of Li Shihua, Ruan Dajian, and the others.@@novelbin@@

Indeed, Xu Tui had chosen this. Among the three precious seizures, Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy and the Planetary-level next-generation quantum chip were very precious. These two items had a price.

However, no one knew the price of the spiritual box. This usually meant that it was precious.

This was especially so when Lei Xiang had once broken a silver box that was very similar to this spiritual box when he broke through to the quasi-planetary realm from the peak of the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Those who saw this scene were all smart people. It was very likely that this spiritual box was closely related to breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm or even the planetary realm.

Everyone wanted to take this.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui chose it first.

After hesitating for a few seconds, Ruan Da said hesitantly, “Xu Tui, can you let me have this spiritual box? I’ll use other things to compensate you. My family might…”

“Look, Old Li and the Jian brothers all want it. I can’t give it up! I’ll take it back and hand it over to Principal Cai for him to study. This should be what his Galaxy Spirit Research Institute is researching.” Xu Tui rejected him directly.

That was also the truth.

Li Shihua chose the Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy. To the Taiyi Special Forces, this Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy with powerful defense and automatic memory recovery function was even more valuable.

As it only took 20% of the profit, he took out a portion of the metal ingots to make up for the difference.

Xu Tui had thought that Ruan Da would choose the rare planetary-level next-generation quantum chip.

However, to his surprise, Ruan Da did not choose this. Instead, he chose other items.

Under normal circumstances, this planetary-level next-generation quantum chip would be distributed after an internal bidding war. However, Xu Tui immediately took it. He also took out a portion of the metal ingots and replenished them for the Haotian Special Force.