Chapter 868 - 868 Immortal

868 Immortal

When Xu Tui arrived at the temporary interrogation room, the first thing he saw was Yang Huai’s bloodshot eyes. He was like a big red-eyed rabbit.

Yang Huai tortured Lei Xiang for five days and five nights. In fact, it was the same for Lei Xiang.

Yang Huai’s only advantage was that he had food, water, and freedom. However, he did not leave the interrogation room for the past five days and five nights. In order to hold on, he injected himself with several stimulants.

It had to be said that Lei Xiang was a tough guy. He could actually last five days and five nights under such an interrogation method that could directly destroy his mind power.

According to the information Xu Tui had found after the incident, most people would confess in two days. Very few people could last three days. Those who could last four to five days were rare.

“How is it? Do you need to rest? Can you hold on?” Xu Tui was not in a hurry to ask after he entered. Instead, he first asked about Yang Huai’s situation.

Hearing this, Yang Huai, whose eyes were red, looked at Lei Xiang and sneered. “It’s fine. I can still hold on for three more days. Commander, this fellow’s consciousness had already fallen into a semi-collapsed state. Because I had endured him for five days, my relationship with him was a little like that of an Eagle Man and an Eagle.

“Any move I made would trigger an instinctive reaction of fear. If you want to ask for information later, it’s best if you can make a list. I’ll ask, and you can listen. The accuracy of the information is higher,” Yang Huai said.

Xu Tui nodded. Beside him, Cui Xi laughed. “That day when we attacked, this fellow said that he wanted to tame us into dogs. In the blink of an eye, he was tamed into a dog.”

To be honest, the current image of Lei Xiang could be described as tragic. There was almost no good flesh on his chest and abdomen, but the wound was very neat. His equally red eyes were wide and lifeless. The high-powered spotlight shone on his eyes, guaranteeing that it was useless even if he closed his eyes.

At this moment, his consciousness had entered a semi-collapsed state.

“Give me… water. Let me… sleep for a while…”

“Give me water… I’ll say whatever…”

Yang Huai stepped forward and dipped a swab in the water. He gently smeared it on Lei Xiang’s lips. The moist feeling made Lei Xiang’s throat and mouth twitch crazily.

“What’s your name?”

“Lei… Xiang.”

“Where are you from?”

“Spiritual Race, Thunder Division…”

“Your identity.”

“Deputy Chief of Staff of the forward operating base…”

This answer stunned everyone in the interrogation room.

What a big fish!

Previously, they had only thought that Lei Xiang had a higher status in the Spiritual Race and was stronger. However, now,Lei Xiang’s true identity was that of a former second-in-command of the Spiritual Race base.

This was f*cking extraordinary!

From this position, he should know most of the military secrets of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. After being stunned for a second, Xu Tui suddenly said, “Old Cui, go over personally and invite Commander Zhu Lang over. We need him to verify the true identity of this Lei Xiang.”

“Alright.”

Whether or not Lei Xiang was the second-in-command of the staff officers, Zhu Lang, a professional soldier, would probably be able to verify it by asking a few intelligence points.

Moreover, if Lei Xiang was really the second-in-command of the forward operating base, then the next interrogation would require professionals like Zhu Lang to ask professional questions in order to unearth the greatest value of Lei Xiang.

Fifteen minutes later, Zhu Lang arrived in a hurry.

Zhu Lang only asked two questions before he nodded at Xu Tui.

“Based on the intelligence, the identity of the second-in-command of Forward Base should be real. What do you plan to do next?” Zhu Lang said.

“This Lei Xiang is very valuable. Whether it’s cultivation or military, I’ll interrogate him first before handing him over to you,” Xu Tui said.

Zhu Lang looked at Xu Tui and nodded gently. “I’ll remember this favor. However, don’t worry. No matter what we dig out from this kid, your Worldly Special Force will definitely be involved when we return to the Moon to report our contribution points.”

Xu Tui nodded. He did not say anything else. He made a list and began to let Yang Huai, the Eagle Man, interrogate Lei Xiang.

Not long after, Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. “How much combat strength do you think this Lei Xiang has now?”

“Combat strength? It should be gone, right?” Cui Xi said.

Xu Tui looked at Zhu Lang. The military would definitely conduct more research than the Genetic Research Institute. It was also more complicated.

“There might be combat strength, but for the Blue Star humans, the human body might not even have 10% of its combat strength after enduring to this extent. In this state, it was actually very difficult to release superpowers.

“Even if he can barely release it, it will require an extremely difficult battle of willpower and fluctuations. In layman’s terms, it will take time for him to release a supernatural attack in this state. He can’t use it instantly like before,” Zhu Lang said.

Xu Tui glanced at Yang Huai when he heard that. “The information he reveals next might be crucial. In order to confirm the authenticity of the information and ensure that he won’t hold back, I’ll add another layer of insurance.”

“Take off his shielding helmet and shielding nails for the time being,” Xu Tui said.

Yang Huai was stunned for a moment before he immediately did as he was told. Almost as soon as the shielding hat and shielding nails were removed, Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance touched Lei Xiang’s mental body.

Chaos, breakdown, pain, wanting to be free…

All kinds of complicated information assaulted him.

Xu Tui did not hypnotize him. If he used hypnosis under such circumstances, he might make Lei Xiang faint on the spot. Instead, he would rest completely.

Spiritual radiation and Spiritual Concealment probed over at the same time. Spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation could determine if Lei Xiang’s answers were conscious or not and if they were fake. Spiritual Concealment could strengthen Yang Huai’s deterrence against Lei Xiang.

“Did the Blue Star humans contact you during this battle?” Xu Tui asked the first extremely sensitive and crucial question.

“Yes.”

Lei Xiang’s answer refreshed everyone. There was really a traitor among the humans who participated in the space invasion this time!

“Who is it?”

“Black Hole.”

“Be clearer.”

“This person calls himself Black Hole. He was the one who contacted us and gave us a portion of the intelligence support.”

“What kind of intelligence support?”

...

“He was the one who gave us the location of the special forces that we destroyed.”

Xu Tui and Zhu Lang looked at each other. Their eyes were filled with shock. There was such a complicated situation behind the destruction of the Eternal Special Forces of the European Sector.

“Do you know the specific identity of Black Hole?”

“I don’t know.”

“Aren’t you going to ask about his specific identity when you work with Black Hole?”

“I did. He didn’t say. This Black Hole is very cautious.”

“Then does he have any characteristics?”

“I don’t know.”

“How many deals did Black Hole make with you? What did they trade?”

“We reached a total of three deals. We traded for two relatively backward technologies and a cultivation technique.”

“Tell me about it. What are they?”

...

“I only know the direction. I can’t tell you the specific technique, but I know the cultivation method.”

…

“What was the point of breaking the silver box when you broke through to the quasi-planetary realm that day? Why did you break the silver box when you broke through?” Xu Tui suddenly asked a heavy question.

This question made Lei Xiang struggle violently. It seemed to have touched a certain psychological bottom line.

Without needing Xu Tui’s instructions, Ao Ying, Yang Huai, took a step forward. The small blunt blade only touched Lei Xiang’s skin, but Lei Xiang could not help but tremble.

“The spiritual box is a purified spiritual box…”

“Yes, you did well. Answer a few more questions and you can rest.” Yang Huai put away the small blunt knife and fed Lei Xiang a small drop of water.

Lei Xiang muttered, “Really?”

“Yes.”

The few people watching from the sidelines felt a chill run down their spines. This interrogation method was really terrifying! In theory, as long as the interrogator was patient enough, he would spit it out.

Of course, those who had received professional anti-reconnaissance and anti-interrogation training were another matter.

“What’s the use of a purified spiritual box? Why did you use it when you broke through to the quasi-planetary realm?”

“It can strengthen our origin core and greatly increase the effect of our breakthrough.”

“What is an origin core?”

“Origin cores are spirits.”

This answer made Xu Tui and the others feel a little f*cked. It was equivalent to not answering.

Yang Huai asked softly, “Put it another way. Be more specific.”

“The core of a mental body.”

Yang Huai still wanted to ask, but Xu Tui stopped him. Xu Tui roughly understood. The so-called origin core was a spirit, the core of a mental body. Actually, a mental body was a combination of mind power and spirit. Putting aside mind power, the origin core was a spirit.

In layman’s terms, it should refer to the soul. It was purely the soul. It was also the so-called spirit!

Xu Tui had scanned through a large number of traditional Huaxia cultural books previously. His comprehension ability was also astonishing. However, if that was the case, the effect of the so-called Spiritual Embodiment would be a little terrifying.

Did the Spiritual Race obtain a Spiritual Embodiment in order to obtain a spirit? They treated the Blue Star humans as materials for cultivation.

“Your so-called Spiritual Embodiment, including your invasion of the Blue Star, was all for the sake of obtaining spirits? To obtain such cultivation materials?”

“Raising Spiritual Embodiments is indeed for the sake of spirits. Invading the Blue Star and obtaining spirits is also one of the main goals. However, whether it’s cultivating Spiritual Embodiments or invading the Blue Star to obtain spirits, it’s not to obtain materials for cultivation.”

“Why do you say that?”

“Using a spiritual box is not necessary to break through to the quasi-planetary realm. It’s just for the sake of being stronger. Our widespread cultivation of Spiritual Embodiments and obtaining spirits are all for… survival!” Lei Xiang said.

This explanation confused Xu Tui, Zhu Lang, and the others.

“You obtained a spirit just to survive? But your Spiritual Race is so powerful. Did you need to invade the Blue Star just to survive?”

“It’s not just us. The Great Xi Tribe and the Muya people all need spirits. They all need to return to the solar system and the Blue Star. Otherwise, they will eventually be destroyed!”

These words shocked Xu Tui and the others. This was the first time Xu Tui had heard of the Great Xi Tribe and the Muya people.

“I’ve seen records of the Great Xi Tribe and the Muya people on the internal records. They are enemies of the Spiritual Race. It’s said that the Planetary realm experts who are out exploring had come into contact with them,” Zhu Lang said.

Xu Tui was stunned. The military or the higher-ups knew more than he had imagined.

“Do you know about Spirit-related?” Xu Tui asked Zhu Lang.

Zhu Lang shook his head. “I don’t know, but Principal Cai Shaochu established the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute. This is enough to show how much importance the entire Blue Star places on spirits.”

“Why do the Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Tribe, and the Muya people all need spirits? Why do they all need to return to the solar system and the Blue Star? Why did he say ‘return’? Have they lived or stayed in the Solar System in the past?” Xu Tui asked.

This question clearly confused Lei Xiang’s thoughts. “I don’t know. I don’t know…”

“Then how do you or your Spiritual Race know this?”@@novelbin@@

“The Holy Ancestor announced it in the Sanctuary.”

Zhu Lang’s expression changed when he heard that. “Is the Holy Ancestor the one who killed 10 starships of our Blue Star, as well as two planetary-level powerhouses and four quasi-planetary-level powerhouses, including Cheng Fengxi, 90 years ago?”

“I don’t know, but the Holy Ancestor did attack once more, more than 90 years ago.”

In an instant, Xu Tui and Zhu Lang shuddered.

“He’s still alive?”

“The Holy Ancestor is immortal, how can he die?”