Chapter 864 - 864 Auction And The Angel Of Salvation (2)

864 Auction and the Angel of Salvation (2)

They could not take down the alien strategic resource base, but they could buy it now.

Therefore, the bids from the European Sector were exceptionally enthusiastic. The American Sector, which had been watching, finally could not sit still.

The body was much more honest than the mouth.

There were a total of five extraterrestrial resource bases. If three of them were taken by the European Sector, they would not be able to get a single one. Everyone knew that the greater value of taking down the alien resource base at this moment was the potential meaning, influence, and gains.

When they left, he had to remove some of the components from the ore refinement center. It was also worth researching.

Therefore, as soon as the restless American Sector participated in the bidding, the few alliances who participated in the bidding were about to spill their brains.

The Africa Sector and the Russian Federation had participated in the previous operations. Each of them now had two bases, and the Russian Federation had three bases.

Therefore, after being a loyal shill for a while, he withdrew from the auction.

The bidding became a competition between the India Sector and the America Sector.

The transaction price of the third resource base was as high as 2,100 grams of Origin Crystals. It was taken away by the American Sector.

It was a slap in the face.

Previously, the American Sector thought that 1,500 grams of Origin Crystals was high. In the end, they offered 2,100 grams of Origin Crystals themselves! However, when they were bidding for the fourth resource base, a strange phenomenon suddenly appeared.

After the India Sector and the America Sector’s special forces raised the price to 1,850 grams of Origin Crystals, no one else made a bid. It could be seen that there was a high chance that the India Sector and the American Sector had communicated behind the scenes and wanted to take down the last two bases at a low price.

Li Zhen chuckled. Wouldn’t it be a waste not to contact the commander of the Russian Federation’s battle team?

However, without waiting for the Russian Federation’s battle team to act as a backup, the usually unknown Heavenly Dao Special Force suddenly increased the price.

The Heavenly Dao Special Forces was a special force formed by the joint efforts of the Yamato Sector, Sing-Malaysia Sector, Korean Star Sector, and other districts in the Huaya Sector. It was more complicated internally, but there were also many people.

Previously, the Heavenly Dao Special Forces had bought an alien resource base. With the participation of the Heavenly Dao Special Forces, the India Sector and the America Sector, which had been discussing behind the scenes, became anxious.

The few districts in the Huaya Sector, such as the Yamato Sector, Sing-Malaysia Sector, and the Korean Star Sector, had a small population, but their technology and economy were very strong.

Simply put, they were not short of money.

The price soared to 2,400 grams.

In the end, the fourth extraterrestrial resource base was obtained by the Heavenly Dao Special Forces for 2,400 grams of Origin Crystals.

Then, the America and India Sectors were stunned!

According to their private discussion, among the remaining three bases, the America Sector would take two, the India Sector would take one, and the three bases of the two families would research and communicate.

After all, there was only a possibility of deciphering it if there were enough samples. Taking a step back, demolition was also a technical job. If he did not dismantle the ore refinement center, the things he brought back might be trash!

No one knew how to dismantle it.

However, the America Sector had discussed with the India Sector that when it was time to return, they would tear down the second base that the American Sector had bidded for.

In that case, the things that were dismantled would be very valuable.

Of course, that was not all.

However, the plan was disrupted by the Heavenly Dao Special Forces.

The Heavenly Dao Special Forces and the European Sector had the same idea. He had to have two bases. He had to tear down one to train and strive to obtain the greatest benefits.

However, the India Sector and the America Sector were confused. The most direct consequence was that during the bidding for the fifth resource base, the dogs of the America and India Sectors were about to fight their brains out.

The America Sector had already obtained one. They wanted to obtain the second one so that the value of their research would be higher. However, the problem was that the India Sector did not obtain a single one.

Putting aside the research, just based on the surface. In terms of battle results, the other five alliances had obtained the alien resource base, but the India Sector had not?

At that time, who else other than the commander would be blamed?

The India Sector was determined to take down a resource base and insisted on bidding. The American Sector also made up their minds to take down the second resource base and fight to the death!

In the end, it reached 3,750 grams of Origin Crystals.

In the end, the India Sector obtained the fifth base. This was related to their future. They had to take it.

As for the European Sector which had taken two bases, he could only rejoice at this moment. Fortunately, he had acted early. Otherwise, they could raise the price, but they did not have the ability to pay it.

The various battle groups and special forces did not bring many Origin Crystals. In the temporary base of the American Sector, the expressions of the commanders of the various battle groups and special forces were extremely ugly.

They had agreed to the previous price negotiation. But now, they had slapped their faces!

In the first main base, Xu Tui, Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, and the other vice-captains could not stop smiling when they saw the waves of bids.

The price of the last base was too f*cking exciting.

3,750 grams, and it was the price offered by the India Sector!

This was a great harvest!

That was because Li Zhen had said that he had to deliver the Origin Crystals within a day. Otherwise, he would treat it as a failure and have to bid again.

Therefore, the special forces that had obtained the alien resource base were especially active in delivering the Origin Crystals.

Of course, it was also to obtain control of the ore refinement center in the base immediately, produce it, recoup its capital, and then study it.

The first person to deliver Origin Crystals was actually from the India Sector. This surprised Zhu Lang and the others.

As for the India Sector’s request to enter the first main base to take a look, it was rejected by Li Zhen. It was worth mentioning that the commander of the European Sector, Clade, had personally come to deliver the Origin Crystals to the two bases.@@novelbin@@

The reason why Clade had come personally was that it involved the transfer of captives.

Of course, they were not the captives of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team. Instead, they were the 20 members of the Eternal Special Forces that Lei Xiang’s team had captured previously, including the captain of the Eternal Special Forces, Fisher.

After breaking through the first main base, the Worldly Special Force discovered this batch of captives.

As fellow Blue Star humans, they naturally treated them well.

However, the 20 captives were not lightly injured. After they were captured, they were even controlled by the Mechanical Spirit Clan.

...

They could only contact the people from the European Sector and hand over the captives that they had rescued to the European Sector.

To be honest, during the handover process, the so-called thanks of the commander of the European Sector’s battle team’s regiment, Clade, were just official words. They were not too sincere.

Clade had already realized that they had fallen into a trap when they bought Base 14 from the Worldly Special Force.

Not only did Lei Xiang’s surprise attack destroy the ore refinement center of Base 14, but it also caused them to suffer heavy casualties.

However, he could only swallow his pride. There was no place to reason. Who asked them to be greedy?

On the other hand, the commander of the Eternal Special Force, Fisher, and the rest of the members had excited expressions when they were handed over. They even cried on the spot. This was because they had been in despair from the moment they were captured.

However, no one expected the Worldly Special Force to save them like angels.

That’s right, the Worldly Special Force were their angels!

“Xu, thank you. Thank you for saving me. You are our Angel of Salvation! Thank you. I will definitely repay you, my eternal friends!”