Chapter 869 - 869 Quantum Dimensional Chain (1)

869 Quantum Dimensional Chain (1)

Xu Tui could no longer describe the significance of Lei Xiang’s confession. He revealed too much information!

This was not the first time Xu Tui had heard a lot of information. It was also the first time Zhu Lang had heard it. The interrogation lasted a full ten hours.

As the duration was too long, Yang Huai administered another stimulant to Lei Xiang, five times the dosage. Without the enhancement of the stimulant, Lei Xiang would have fainted on the spot.

Lei Xiang was on the verge of breaking down after being severely injured and being tortured continuously for five days and five nights.

!!

After ten hours of interrogation, the state of Lei Xiang had become very unstable. The answers to the questions had become a kind of raving. He could not get the point. It was more like nonsense.

“Commander, we have to let him rest. His will has already collapsed. If this continues, this kid might die suddenly or mentally.”

As an Eagle Man, Yang Huai had a lot of say.

“How’s the effect of letting him rest before being interrogated again?” Xu Tui asked.

“Let him rest before he’s interrogated. He’ll be able to recover to a certain extent. He’ll definitely say it again, but the authenticity will be discounted. If you have a key question, it’s best to ask it now,” Yang Huai said.

“Alright, then I’ll ask the last two questions.”

“How did you get the quantum multidimensional chain that you store items with, which is the quantum dimensional chain? Are there any cultivation or activation methods?”

“Yes… No… Yes…”

Lei Xiang that had started murmuring made Xu Tui frown. Yang Huai stepped forward and did not waste any time. He directly fed Lei Xiang a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. Then, he turned off the high light shining on Lei Xiang’s eyes for a second before turning it on again. “I’ll turn off the lights and give you water if you tell me the last two or three questions. I’ll let you drink your fill and rest!”

Lei Xiang, who had experienced a second of happiness, nodded vigorously. The feeling of wanting to sleep but being surrounded by lights was too bad. He could not block it even if he closed his eyes.

“Answer the previous question.”

“Yes.”

“What’s the specific activation method?”

“I don’t know…”

“How did you activate it?”

“The elders in the family brought my mind power into his quantum dimensional chain. It lasted for a month before I activated it.”

Lei Xiang’s answer disappointed everyone present, including Xu Tui. He did not expect the Spiritual Race to activate the quantum dimensional chain in such a way. Moreover, it would take a month to activate each time.

Clearly, the Spiritual Race definitely had a way to activate the quantum dimensional chain. However, this method was definitely very difficult and troublesome. That was why the Spiritual Race had invented this method.

However, even so, it was still very terrifying to last a month.

According to Xu Tui’s understanding, he had to invite someone to live in his body for a month before he could activate the quantum dimensional chain. It was usually very difficult to do that unless one trusted him greatly.

Moreover, Xu Tui estimated that Lei Xiang was relatively fast.

“Get him to hand over all the items in his quantum dimensional chain,” Xu Tui instructed Yang Huai. Yang Huai was about to speak when Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. “Let him bring my mind power into his quantum dimensional chain.”@@novelbin@@

Yang Huai frowned slightly. “Commander, I’m afraid it’ll be difficult. This fellow probably doesn’t have much mind power left. He’s relying on stimulants to hold on now.”

Xu Tui looked at Zhu Lang, then at Yang Huai. He suddenly took out a bottle of Level B Energy Activity Elixir. “Give him one-fifth of it. Let him recover some mind power.”

Xu Tui’s actions could be said to be very bold. However, this was a rare opportunity. Once Lei Xiang recovered from his sleep today, it would be even more difficult to make him into the state he was in now.

Even if Lei Xiang brought Xu Tui’s mind power into his quantum dimensional chain because of the fear of being tortured, Lei Xiang, who had recovered a certain level of consciousness, rationality, and willpower, might hold back and even have crooked thoughts.

More importantly, once Lei Xiang left his current state, he had to put on the shielding hat and spikes.

Therefore, today’s timing was very important.

“Commander, the risk is very small, but it’s still there. I’ll be on guard beside him,” Yang Huai reminded Xu Tui. He immediately gave Lei Xiang a fifth of a bottle of Level B Energy Activity Elixir. It might not be enough.

His goal was to let Lei Xiang recover a little of his mind power.

Less than a minute after the elixir was administered, Xu Tui could sense that Lei Xiang’s mind power had fluctuated slightly and recovered.

After receiving Xu Tui’s signal, Yang Huai ordered, “Bring my mind power into your quantum dimensional chain and walk around. I want to see you take out everything! After this matter is done, you can drink water and rest.”

To Lei Xiang, whose will had been destroyed at this moment, any request was acceptable.

Nodding slightly, Lei Xiang’s mind power suddenly trembled. Everyone looked nervous at the same time. However, with just a tremble, the mind power that Lei Xiang had just gathered collapsed again.

After working hard three to four times, Yang Huai’s iron fist was already ready at the back of Lei Xiang’s head. If Lei Xiang made any abnormal movements, he could knock it out on the spot with a punch.

However, when Lei Xiang was working hard for the fifth time, the faint mental fluctuations stabilized. Xu Tui could sense that an extremely faint but stable mental vibration point had appeared in front of Lei Xiang’s chest.