Chapter 866 - 866 Huge Harvest (2)

866 Huge Harvest (2)

The final distribution result surprised Xu Tui. Originally, he had already given up on this planetary-level next-generation quantum chip for the spiritual box. It had to be known that almost all the main chips used by the super quantum computers on the Blue Star used meteor-level quantum chips.

There was basically no one who used a Planetary-level chip.

The humans on the Blue Star did not have this production capacity. However, according to Ah Huang, his main body in space was a Planetary-level chip. However, because it was in space, Ah Huang’s computing power was very limited.

If he could obtain this planetary-level next-generation quantum chip, Ah Huang might be able to decipher and hack into Xu Tui’s current communication device. In other words, the computing power of the equipment that Ah Huang was in had been upgraded to a device that was second only to the top-notch supercomputer.

Soon, Xu Tui understood the fundamental reason why Ruan Da had given up on the Planetary-level quantum chip.

This thing was trash to most people and organizations.

That was because there was a program inside, one that belonged to the Mechanical Spirit Race. An extremely powerful technical reserve was needed to reset and compile it. Even if it was handed over to the Huaxia Sector, it would still take a huge amount of time to complete this job.

It would be useless even if Ruan Da handed it over to the Ruan family.

The main direction of the Ruan Family was still superpowers.

In the end, the Worldly Special Force obtained a spiritual box, a planetary-level next-generation quantum chip, 12 meteor-level chips, 1,300 grams of Origin Crystals, 250 ingots of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy, 47 ingots of Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy, 10,400 ingots of various ores and metal ingots, and 1,200 human-shaped neck rings.

At this point, the meeting in the Huaxia Sector to split the spoils had ended. The Worldly Special Force accounted for the bulk of the spoils. However, this was something that had been agreed upon before the battle. Everyone had seen the contributions of the Worldly Special Force and had no objections.

Those who had objections had to hold it in!

At night, in the cultivation hall of the main base, Xu Tui once again convened a meeting to distribute the spoils of war within the Worldly Special Force.

“Is Yang Huai still brewing Lei Xiang?” Xu Tui noticed that one person was missing after the personnel gathered.

“Yeah. It’s been three days,” Zhao Hailong replied.

“Any results?”

“Yang Huai said that it’ll be soon. He told us not to worry about him for now.”

“Okay. It’s been a few days since we split the loot. Let’s split it again today! Before we split it, I still have a few words to say to everyone.

“What we split today is actually only a small portion of our profits. The true bulk of our profits is actually the large number of metal ingots, Mechanical Spirit Alloy, and the metal ingots that should have been distributed to us in the various base agreements that were traded in advance.

“The estimated number should be forty to fifty thousand. Therefore, the Origin Crystals distributed today only had one goal: cultivation!

“I hope that you can all use it for cultivation and increase your strength as soon as possible. Our Worldly Special Force will participate in this year’s Battle of Mars. We might even participate in the battle of the pioneer raiders. We will definitely participate in the space invasion next year. Do you understand?”

“Understood!”

Everyone agreed, but Xu Tui laughed again. “Guess how many Origin Crystals we’ve accumulated over the past few days.”

“Commander, do we get a reward if we guessed correctly?” Miao Huanshan smiled.

“Yes, the person who guessed the closest, I’ll look at his genetic ability chains again!”

“I refuse!” Luo Murong decisively refused to participate as soon as Xu Tui finished speaking.

On the other hand, Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan looked at Xu Tui with hesitation. The abilities of the people Xu Tui had seen, such as Miao Huanshan and Yan Lie, had mutated. Such a mutation was something that superpower cultivators dreamed of. Who did not want it?

Xu Tui quickly changed the topic when he realized that he might have gone overboard. Xu Tui could feast his eyes on one. If he looked at three of them, he would probably have to go through a mountain of knives and a sea of fire.

“This time, we obtained a total of 18,700 grams of Origin Crystals from various exchanges, including the exchange at Base 6, Base 18, and Base 20.”

Damn!

“Commander, did I hear wrongly?”

In an instant, all kinds of exclamations rang out. This number shocked all the members.

“According to the previous distribution rules, I’ll get two portions as the team leader. Each of you will get one. Each of you will get 1,560 grams. I’ll get two portions.”

“F*ck, this is enough for me to cultivate on the Blue Star for ten years, right?”

“Ten years my ass. When I was in my third year, the Origin Crystals I obtained in a year for cultivation were less than 20 grams. And it was because I participated in the actual combat on Mars,” Yan Lie said.

“The total income I obtained in my third year was only 120 grams.” Zhao Hailong also sighed.

“Other than the trade and seizures, there are also battle seizures. There are not many battle seizures. The seizures of each base are about 200 to 300 grams. However, there are quite a number of bases that we attacked. There are a total of 13 bases that are not divided.

“That was quite a lot. Including the loot from the first main base, we had obtained a total of 4,620 grams of Origin Crystals. As the regiment commander, I’ll take three portions of the battle spoils. I won’t say much.

“In addition, Mu Xingluan’s support abilities have been powerful in various battles. She’ll get an additional portion. Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, Luo Murong, and Cui Xi, Yan Lie, fought to the death at the frontline. Everyone will get an additional portion. Miao Huanshan performed outstandingly in the siege of Lei Xiang. He’ll get an additional portion.”@@novelbin@@

As Xu Tui announced the reward, the expressions of the few people who did not receive the reward became a little unnatural.

Xu Tui did not console them.

The reward for his performance in battle was necessary. Otherwise, it would become a big pot of rice and not be beneficial to the long-term development of the team.

The few people who received the rewards had risked their lives to get them. Those who did not receive them, such as Tao Guan, Yan Xuejin, and Li Zheng, were either not strong enough or did not have powerful output or offensive abilities.

Such a differentiated reward was also an encouragement to them!

In the end, one portion of the reward was 231 grams of Origin Crystals.

Actually, with the total number of Origin Crystals that all the members of the Worldly Special Force had now, there was not much of a difference between getting an additional 231 grams of Origin Crystals and getting 231 grams less of Origin Crystals.

Not to mention the previous one, everyone had been given 1,560 grams just now. However, to all the members of the Worldly Special Force, it was important.

What was the meaning of this additional reward? It was a spur to everyone! If he cultivated harder, he would be more diligent in the next battle and make a greater contribution to the Worldly Special Force.

The effect was still very shocking.

That night, Xu Tui felt that Tao Guan, Yan Xuejin, Li Zheng, and the others were silently seizing the time to cultivate.

In the past, women would have to work for more than an hour for their personal hygiene. Today, it was much faster.

Xu Tui also obtained 3,813 grams of Origin Crystals in the end. He still had more than 400 grams of Origin Crystals left from before. Xu Tui wondered if these 4,200 grams of Origin Crystals were enough for him to cultivate to the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Of course, this was just a thought. He had to take it one step at a time.

Xu Tui estimated that the remaining 17 days of the space invasion would be spent cultivating for the Worldly Special Force.

...

Xu Tui was currently waiting for one thing: When would Yang Huai be able to pry open the mouth of Lei Xiang?

All the higher-ups were waiting!