Chapter 867 - 867 Second Evolution

867 Second Evolution

45th day of the space invasion, Main Base 1.

This was the most leisurely day of the Worldly Special Force since the start of the space invasion.

Early in the morning, Xu Tui personally made a dark cuisine for all the members for a change.

Actually, Xu Tui’s culinary skills were rather good. It was a culinary skill that he had tested out when he was young. However, there were too few materials that Xu Tui could use on this alternate planet.

!!

There was a bag of compressed pepper sauce, two bags of compressed dehydrated vegetables, and ten packets of compressed biscuits.

The taste was actually not bad.

For the members who had eaten compressed biscuits for more than 40 days, the additional taste of salt and pepper was enough to make them swallow their tongues. The key was that once the compressed biscuits were boiled, they became a basin of slurry, and it was the dark yellow kind.

If this was the Blue Star or the Moon, anyone who saw it would vomit, let alone eat it.

However, they were enjoying themselves in this main base. Even the bottom of the alloy pot that they had found at the last minute had been scraped clean by Cui Xi and Yan Lie.

If Xu Tui had not left a portion for Yang Huai, he would not have had the chance to lick the bottom of the pot.

Yang Huai was still brewing Lei Xiang!

It had been four days.

However, Xu Tui was not in a hurry. He roughly knew about Yang Huai’s method. Under normal circumstances, very few people would be able to survive this eagle-like method. Especially with the cooperation of the potions.

To a certain extent, it was only a matter of time before he pried open Lei Xiang’s mouth.

The key was what he could pry out!

Now, he was just waiting for the outcome of Yang Huai.

This morning, there was Xu Tui’s dark cuisine, Cui Xi’s dirty jokes, and Zhao Hailong’s silver spear dance. Xu Tui started and everyone even sang a flashy song about the Power of Huaxia (the title of the song was actually the Power of China).

This was a way to relieve the pressure and liberate all the members of the battle team from an urgent state of war.

The war trauma syndrome was not to be trifled with. This was especially so for frontline combatants. They looked like they were fine during the war, but once they acted up after the war, they might destroy a person!

After an hour of various small programs, other than the security personnel, everyone else began to enter a cultivation state.

It was rare for Xu Tui to sit down and focus on his training.

This was the first time Xu Tui had the time to sit down and observe his current state after breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm five days ago. He could clearly feel the improvement in his physical body.

For example, Xu Tui’s record of lifting weights with one hand before he broke through was about 210 kilograms.

Recently, after breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, Xu Tui’s weightlifting ability had increased to 350 kilograms.

As for how to test it, it was simple. He could create a metal dumbbell with metal ingots that weighed 100 kilograms. Of course, no one cared about these details.

Compared to Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, Tao Guan, Yan Lie, and the other muscular men, he just had to lift them up. Xu Tui could not compare to Zhao Hailong’s strength of one ton. However, a weak student like Miao Huanshan could only draw circles in a corner.

Xu Tui’s strength was already on par with Yan Lie from the Extreme Branch. Of course, this was because Yan Lie had yet to break through to the Evolution Realm. However, Xu Tui felt that his body was still slowly being strengthened.

Under normal circumstances, the evolution would basically end in three to five days after breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm. It must have been because Xu Tui evolved on his own. So it might take a little longer.

Moreover, the enhancement brought about by evolution was comprehensive.

For example, weight, speed, and so on.

Xu Tui’s current speed had steadily increased to 2.9 seconds within 100 meters without any external help. He could do it in two seconds if he used his mind power.

Under his introspection, Xu Tui still only had one level-three golden genetic ability chain in his body. It was the mental whip genetic ability chain.

With his introspection, he could see that as the energy in the Level 3 Genetic Chain continued to flow, golden spots of light continued to dissipate in all directions.

The horizontal effect of the genetic chain in his body had not ended. It was still increasing. However, after five days, no genetic ability chain had been completely strengthened into a level-three genetic ability chain under such a horizontal effect.

Xu Tui thought for a moment, then pinched two Origin Crystals and continued to cultivate.

After absorbing the energy into his body, Xu Tui guided it to strengthen the 72-point Genetic Ability Chain again.

Xu Tui had been cultivating the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain for five days. As he had already broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, the instinctive fear in his heart when he strengthened this chain again was much weaker.

It still existed, but it basically did not affect his cultivation. Ever since he had broken through to the Evolution Realm, Xu Tui had always wanted to completely strengthen a few more genetic ability chains to Level 3.

However, after thinking about it for a long time and considering the horizontal effect, Xu Tui finally felt that in terms of the horizontal effect, the more genetic base points a genetic ability chain had, the more horizontal effects it would trigger after it was completely strengthened to Level 3.

The strengthening effect on his entire body should be better and faster!

In the cultivation materials of the Genetic Research Institute, there was an extremely small number of cultivators who would trigger a horizontal effect and trigger a second evolution after breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm for a long time.

This situation was very rare.

However, they all had a common characteristic. There were many genetic base points that could trigger second-degree evolution. Most of them were above 30.

The Genetic Research Institute wanted to do similar in-depth research, but this research cycle was too long and too difficult. In the end, they left it unsettled and kept it as information in the Genetic Research Institute.

Xu Tui saw this information through Ah Huang’s keyword search.

That was why he had such a judgment. This was also the reason why Xu Tui was not in a hurry to completely strengthen the other genetic chains to Level 3 to increase his combat strength.

Xu Tui wanted to see if he could trigger a second evolution.

Due to the fact that he had 72 genetic base points, Xu Tui could not complete the strengthening of the Great Genetic Chain even after five days. However, he did not have anything else to disturb him today. So Xu Tui had spent most of his time on this.

It was basically being consumed at the speed of 15 grams of Origin Crystals per hour.

After cultivating continuously for nearly six hours, Xu Tui suddenly felt his head tremble. The mental fluctuation that he had restrained suddenly spread out forcefully. The moment it spread out, his eyes shone with golden light.

In the cultivation hall, Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, Mu Xingluan, and Miao Huanshan looked in Xu Tui’s direction in shock.

“Is… is the regiment commander’s mind power that strong?” Miao Huanshan muttered in a daze.

Li Zheng was also stunned. She had always thought that her combat strength was not much inferior to Xu Tui’s mind power. However, when Xu Tui’s mind power aura completely spread out, she was shocked. In her senses, Xu Tui’s mind power was like a mountain. She could only look up to him. She felt very small!

Mu Xingluan stared at Xu Tui, whose mind power was off the charts. After a while, she said softly, “Continue cultivating. We can only catch up to the regiment commander if we continue cultivating.”

...

In reality, Xu Tui could not control his mind power the moment it spread out. When the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain completely strengthened the Level 3 Golden Genetic Ability Chain, Xu Tui’s body instantly flashed with golden light.

The golden genetic energy chain that was strung with 72 genetic base points was like a sun in the sky. It instantly illuminated every corner of Xu Tui’s body.

Compared to it, the previous level-three golden genetic ability chain was like the difference between the sun and the moon.

Almost at the same time, an indescribable heat spread from his head to all directions.

At that moment, Xu Tui felt every cell in his body cheer. Every muscle was expanding, and his bones were itching.

Soon, an indescribable hunger assaulted him.

Xu Tui felt his stomach begin to churn.

“Give me… biscuits!” Xu Tui stretched out his hand weakly and gulped down the Energy Restoration Elixir.

This feeling was even more powerful than when he broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Next, Xu Tui chewed on the dry compressed biscuits like a hungry ghost. In the end, Cui Xi crushed the compressed biscuits and soaked them in water. Xu Tui did not know how he ate the dark cuisine.

The key was that he was hungry. He felt his stomach churn. This state only eased an hour later.

...

“F*ck, Commander, you look good and have grown taller!” Miao Huanshan exclaimed.

Xu Tui could roughly confirm that he had grown taller. He was 1.88 meters tall. He had really achieved a second evolution! Moreover, this was only the beginning of the second evolution.

The second evolution would probably last for a few more days.

What Xu Tui was most concerned about was the increase in his total mind power.

Regardless of whether there was a second evolution or not, his mind power would definitely increase greatly if he completely strengthened the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to a level-three genetic ability chain.

First, Xu Tui tested the distance of his mental perception. Previously, it was 1,800 meters. Now, it has increased to 2,350 meters. Then, Xu Tui went straight to the outside of the base and began to test the many powers of the Flying Sword, the Mountain Formula, and the Stab Formula.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui returned to the base on his flying sword.

Of course, he went slow. However, Xu Tui’s mind power could already withstand the basic consumption of him flying on his flying sword.

When the genetic chain of mind power was also strengthened to level-three gold, the consumption of flying on a sword would be greatly reduced.

At that time, flying on a sword would become another method for Xu Tui.

Of course, when he could use technological equipment to travel, he definitely had to use technological equipment.

Flying on a sword was only used in emergencies.@@novelbin@@

No matter what, mind power had to be continuously consumed when flying on a sword.

30%!

After the test, Xu Tui determined that his mind power had increased by 30% after he completely strengthened the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to Level 3 gold. His mind power had increased by 30%, and the power of his other superpowers had also increased correspondingly.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea when he sensed the surging power in his body. He had only completely strengthened the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to Level 3 Gold. What if he also strengthened the Mountain Formula, Stab Formula, Control Object, and other genetic chains to Level 3?

Wouldn’t his combat strength increase exponentially? How strong would that be? Was this the reason for his autonomous evolution? Or was Xu Tui an extremely rare abnormal cultivator who had strengthened all the genetic base points in his genetic chain to Level 3 golden?

Xu Tui did not understand.

No one could give him a reference in his current state.

He held the Origin Crystal in his hand and continuously replenished it to support his body’s second evolution. However, Xu Tui had a bitter expression as he began to complete the homework that Cai Shaochu had assigned him.

There were four booklets with different ancient characters. Each booklet had one to two thousand words. Xu Tui felt that this was an impossible mission.

However, Xu Tui felt that the learning missions set up by a Planetary realm powerhouse were definitely not for fun. Therefore, Xu Tui took advantage of his free time to complete the homework set up by Cai Shaochu.

He copied the words in ancient seal script and oracle bone script.

He would work hard first. As for whether he could complete it, that would depend on the time.

In the evening, Xu Tui, who was immersed in copying, suddenly trembled in fear when he heard Yan Lie’s exclamation. The improvised pen he had made was broken.

“Commander, Old Yang said that the eagle is cooked and Lei Xiang has confessed!”

Xu Tui suddenly stood up when he heard that.