Chapter 861 - 861 The Final Strategy Of The Battle

861 The Final Strategy of the Battle

On the 41st day of the space invasion, Xu Tui led the members of the Worldly Special Force to fight for 6,000 miles. In one day, they took down four extraterrestrial resource bases.

The eyes of the lieutenant colonel from the Huaxia Sector who was following behind to receive the relevant supplies widened.

He did not expect it to be like this.

In their opinion, the members of the Worldly Special Force were like returning home. They rushed into the alien resource base and then counted the spoils.

On the 42nd day of the space invasion, Xu Tui led the Worldly Special Force to battle for another 6,000 miles. He was prepared to take down four extraterrestrial resource bases in one go like the day before.

There were 15 hours during the day. If they set off early in the morning, the flying speed of the triangular flying saucer would be 400 to 500 kilometers per hour. It would only take seven to eight hours to fly 6,000 kilometers at full speed.

It was more than enough time to fight.

Of course, it was mainly because the warriors of the Huaxia Sector were at the back.

Xu Tui planned to use another three to four days to sweep through the remaining dozen or so bases.

However, on the 42nd day of the space invasion, Xu Tui and the others arrived at their fourth target under the setting sun. An accident happened at Base 25.

The four Mechanical Spirit Guards in Base 25 had already been controlled by Xu Tui’s Spiritual Resonance, advanced hypnosis, and Spiritual Concealment. They walked straight toward the energy defense barrier as if they were bewitched.

As long as they walked out of the energy barrier, Xu Tui and the others would be able to obtain their pass immediately. Then, they would pass through the energy barrier and enter Base 25.

If three to four people charged in, it would be too easy for the others to provide support outside.

However, the four Mechanical Spirit Guards that Xu Tui controlled with his ability did not walk out of the energy defense barrier of Base 25.

It was not that Xu Tui’s Radiation Influence Branch abilities were useless.

Instead, it was because the four Mechanical Spirits that Xu Tui had controlled walked to the energy shield and wanted to pass through. The access cards on their chests kept flashing, but they could not pass through.

The access card had failed!

It was also possible that Base 25 had completely closed off the rights to all access cards.

The abnormal actions of the four Mechanical Spirits immediately caused the alarm in Base 25 to ring. Under the command of the adjutant, the Genetic Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirits directly transformed into cannons and bombarded the Worldly Special Force from afar.

Although he could still use some of his superpowers through the energy barrier, the power was greatly weakened.

In less than two minutes, Xu Tui and the others retreated in a sorry state under the concentrated fire of the other party. This was the first time since the space invasion that the Worldly Special Force had been defeated in a surprise attack on an alien resource base.

It was already late. Xu Tui could only retreat with his men.

The next day, which was the 42nd day of the space invasion, Xu Tui did not attack Base 25 again. Instead, he attacked Base 26. The situation at Base 26 was exactly the same as at Base 25. The Mechanical Spirit Guards could no longer pass through the energy defensive barrier.

Xu Tui did not give up. He went to Base 27 again.

It was the same for Base 27.

This made Xu Tui’s expression turn ugly. This was a very bad sign. This meant that with the guidance of an expert, they had established a connection and started to defend the remaining alien resource bases.

They had even stopped their rights to enter and exit the energy barrier. Xu Tui was helpless against this powerful energy barrier.

Of course, if all the elite forces of the Huaxia Sector were gathered, they would have a chance of breaking through the energy defense barrier of a certain base.

After all, the internal power of the alien resource base was very weak. They could go all out. However, that would not mean much.

Currently, the Huaxia Sector’s special forces had already obtained enough alien resource bases. It was hard to say if there was a leader-like existence among the survivors of the Mechanical Spirit Clan on the resource planet, or if the surviving base had contacted the outside world.

After Xu Tui communicated with Zhu Lang, he decided to temporarily stop cleaning up the other alien resources.

Based on the current profits, he would not be able to obtain much if he took down a few more bases.

On the contrary, the risk would increase exponentially. Moreover, there were not that many fully automatic engineering robots to increase the mining volume and make the ore refinement center operate at full capacity.

Most importantly, for every additional base that was taken down, the Huaxia Sector had to split their forces to defend it. Only then could they ensure the normal operation of this base and produce metal ingots.

In the past three days, Xu Tui had taken down ten bases in a row. Other than giving one each to the Africa and Russian Federation, the other eight resource bases were currently in the hands of the Huaxia Sector.

So far, the number of intact bases in the Huaxia Sector’s ore refinement center had reached 11.

In the Huaxia Sector, there were only 450 people who could be used in the battle.

The first main base had to take up at least a third of the manpower. The remaining people would be distributed equally to the other bases. A resource base would only get 20 to 30 people.

This number was extremely dangerous.

Whether it was facing the possible counterattack of the remaining forces of the Mechanical Spirit Race or some unstable factors within, a team of 20 to 30 people was extremely dangerous.

They might be destroyed by a silent surprise attack.

Zhu Lang felt that the risk was far greater than the benefits. He asked Xu Tui to return to the first main base.

Xu Tui did not hesitate. He brought the members of the Worldly Special Force and returned to the main base. It was already the 43rd day of the space invasion.

Xu Tui had just turned around when Zhu Lang called for a meeting at the regimental level. The participants were all the regimental commanders and vice-captains.

“In the past few days, more and more people from the various alliances have been asking us for information. Just yesterday, teams from the other alliances appeared outside Base 9 and Base 10. They are probing. I think that we can no longer hide our great victory.” Zhu Lang went straight to the point.

“Commander Zhu, do you mean that the people from the other sectors might do something?” Li Shihua asked.

“Up until now, the ones who have obtained the alien resource base are mainly in the hands of the Huaxia Sector, then the Russian Federation and the Africa Sector. The Heavenly Dao Special Force in the Huaya Sector is one of them. The European Sector had previously obtained Base 14. However, the ore refinement center of Base 14 had been destroyed by Lei Xiang.

“What would they think if they knew that our Huaxia Sector has a total of 12 extraterrestrial resource bases? Especially so far, the India Sector or the America Sector who haven’t obtained an alien base. We even have to count the European Sector that has suffered heavy losses!” Zhu Lang said.

Jian Qi frowned. “The temporary communication tower has been established. They shouldn’t dare to…”

“There’s nothing that they didn’t dare to do! As long as they have the confidence to quickly wipe out one of our base forces, I think they have the possibility of taking action.”

Zhu Lang’s expression became extremely serious. “Therefore, I have a suggestion. Retreat our defensive line and weave our defensive circle again. At the cost of giving up a portion of the base.”

“How?” Ruan Da asked.

“With Base 1 as the center, No. 2, No. 3, No. 4, No. 5, No. 22, and No. 23. These six bases are all within 3,000 kilometers of Base 1. We’ll split up and set up an internal defense circle. As for the fully automatic engineering robots we currently have, they have just satisfied the needs of the ore refinement centers in these bases.

“The initial plan was for the Taiyi Special Force to garrison two bases, the Haotian Special Force to garrison two bases, and the Worldly Special Force to garrison one base. We would garrison two bases, and another group of people would be assigned to defend the first main base with the Worldly Special Force.

...

“In addition, Haotian and Taiyi had to split a portion of their forces to defend the first main base. Of course, that was just my suggestion. If you want to defend more bases at the same time, you have to take on greater risks yourself,” Zhu Lang said.

“I have no objections!”

Xu Tui was the first to express his stance.

Zhu Lang’s analysis was very rational. Moreover, there was a very important point that he did not point out. He was very tired!

This was especially so for the members of the Worldly Special Force. After more than 40 days of continuous battle, their minds and bodies were almost at their limits. They needed to rest and reorganize.

They needed a safe rest. Base 1 was arched at the center. It was a better resting environment.

“I agree.” Li Shihua was the second to express his stance.@@novelbin@@

The Taiyi Special Force did not have many people to begin with. If they split a small number of people to defend the first main base and defend two more bases, their manpower would be very tight.

The only one who hesitated was Ruan Da.

There seems to be extra people if they guarded two bases, but if they were to guard three bases, there seems to be fewer people.

However, after thinking about the warning that Cai Shaochu had relayed through Dai Qi, Ruan Da decided to play it safe.

...

If a certain base was really destroyed by some alliance with evil intentions, the casualty rate of the Haotian Special Force would exceed 15%.

Ruan Da was certain that the commander of the Haotian Special Forces would definitely be changed then. Although he had a Planetary realm powerhouse behind him, he would definitely not be able to stop Cai Shaochu’s attack.

“I agree. But I want to know, we occupy a total of seven bases. How should we deal with the remaining five bases? Wouldn’t it be letting them off too easily if we give it to them for free?”

“How can we give them for nothing!” Li Zhen laughed. “Of course we have to sell it. We have to sell it for a good price!”

“How are we going to sell it if we retreat? It won’t be easy for the other sectors to bleed, right?”

“It’s not easy, but what if I say that we have successfully deciphered the main program of the Ore Refinement Center and can control it?” Li Zhen smiled.

“Oh, f*ck!” Jian Qi let out a cry of surprise and suddenly stood up. “You deciphered the main program of the ore refinement center. Is this true? If we get it back, our Huaxia Sector’s minerals will definitely improve by a large margin!”

“It’s just preliminary control! However, no matter which sector it is, if they didn’t give us Origin Crystals when they secretly occupied our base, then I’m sorry. The ore refinement center will stop operations immediately!” Li Zhen smiled.

As he spoke, Li Zhen’s gaze inadvertently swept past the calm Xu Tui.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen only made this decision after Xu Tui reported a shocking situation to them. Otherwise, they would not be able to sleep well for the remaining ten days of the space invasion.

“Then let’s do that. I have no objections. After the various regiments are stationed at the base, we must do our best to defend the base,” Ruan Da added.

“There’s something I have to tell you. Because these extraterrestrial resource bases were all attacked by the Worldly Special Force, the Origin Crystals that are traded in the next five bases will all belong to the Worldly Special Force. The other special forces will not split them, nor are they qualified to. Are there any problems?” Li Zhen said.

“No problem!”

The group leaders present responded at the same time. The situation of the remaining 17 days of the space invasion was basically set.

“Alright, if you don’t have any problems, quickly draw up your respective defense areas, transport supplies, and mobilize people! Tonight, we’ll hold a loot-sharing meeting!” Zhu Lang shouted.

Hearing this, everyone present laughed. The harvest season is coming!