Chapter 863 - 863 Auction And The Angel Of Salvation (1)

863 Auction and the Angel of Salvation (1)

The resource base that was led by Zhu Lang, the commander of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team, was extremely lively. Those who were qualified to be pulled into this communication channel were the deputy commanders of the various special forces. There were more than 50 of them.

At this moment, Li Zhen was making the final announcement before the auction.

“Vice-Deputies, the auction will begin in 15 minutes. Next, we will introduce the rules and items for this auction. First of all, because we were on a different planet, all procedures are simple. There was no need for a deposit.

“However, after the bid is completed, if the Origin Crystals are not received within 30 hours, we will activate the backup program and remotely close and silence the ore refinement center of the base.”

As soon as the first message was thrown out, the auction communication channel exploded.

“Your Huaxia Sector can remotely close and silence the ore refinement center of the alien resource base. Have you completely deciphered the main program of the ore refinement center?”

“Your Huaxia Sector hacked into the main program of the Ore Refinement Center?”

“Is it completely deciphered or just controlled?”

…

One question after another appeared on the screen.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, who were at the main base, including Xu Tui, who was also in the auction channel, smiled but did not say anything when they saw the questions.

According to Li Zhen’s suggestion, he had to show his saber before the auction so that these people would not have any ill intentions. At the same time, he also gave these people a mouthful of fat meat to make them crave it.

If the Huaxia Sector could decipher the main program of the ore refinement center of the alien resource base, did that mean that they could do the same?@@novelbin@@

However, the prerequisite for deciphering the main program of the ore refinement center was that you had to have an intact alien resource base.

Only by dangling a mouthful of fat could it be sold for a good price.

A few minutes later, when the auction communication channel quietened down, Li Zhen said, “Our technicians have only temporarily hacked into the main program of the Ore Refinement Center. They haven’t deciphered it yet, but it should only be a matter of time.

“The bidding has begun. All the extraterrestrial bases that have been taken out to participate in the bidding have their ore refinement centers intact. There is also a cultivation hall underground with a channel that allows energy to flow out. The concentration of energy is about the same as absorbing a gram of Origin Crystals in two hours.

“There are a total of five extraterrestrial resource bases being auctioned this time. The first base is Base 12 that we occupied previously. The starting price is 1,500 grams of Origin Crystals, and every increase must not be less than 50 grams of Origin Crystals.”

“Vice-Deputy Li, I have a question. Fifty-five days ago, the Worldly Special Force sold Base 14 to the European Sector for 1,600 grams of Origin Crystals. It has been 43 days since the space invasion. There are still 16 days before we return. Why was the starting price set so high?

“I think you need to set a reasonable starting price. There are only 16 days left. The benefits are very limited.” Danrick, the captain of the American Sector’s Free Special Forces, was the first to ask.

The auction communication channel was a little quiet. Clearly, everyone was concerned about this.

“I’ll give you the data. Under the full load of the Ore Refinement Center, the number of metal ingots produced a day is between 260 and 320. The ratio of rare metal ingots is about 5%. Alright, that’s all. The auction begins.”

“Commander Li Zhen, even so, after we pay the price to purchase the base, we will still incur a loss after deducting the cost of manpower and other costs. I suggest—”

“You can choose not to participate in the auction!” Li Zhen interrupted Danrick, the captain of the American Sector’s Freedom Special Forces, without hesitation. The latter choked on the spot.

“I’ll emphasize the auction discipline. From this moment on, from the start of the auction, everything will follow the auction rules. I’ll remove anyone who bargains or disturbs the auction from the auction channel. Since you have no intention of bidding, there’s no need to participate.”

After saying that, Li Zhen added, “I’m a soldier!”

The underlying meaning of this sentence was that I meant what I said!

The entire auction communication channel immediately became silent.

“Alright, the bidding for resource base 12 will begin now. The starting price is 1,500 grams of Origin Crystals. The increase must not be less than 50 grams of Origin Crystals.”

As Li Zhen announced the start of the bidding, someone immediately raised the price.

However, the competition for the first base was not intense. Only the European Sector and the Russian Federation made a bid. In the end, the European Sector’s battle team bought it for 1,850 grams of Origin Crystals.

The Russian Federation’s bid was considered a shill.

The bidding for the second base was a little interesting. The India Sector made a bid, but they did not follow suit. Instead, the European Sector made a bid one after another and won the second base with 1,900 grams of Origin Crystals.

The auction for the third base became very interesting.

This was because no one had expected the European Sector to bid for two alien resource bases in a row. Furthermore, they continued bidding for the third resource base.

Many people immediately realized what the European Sector was going to do.

The European Sector had suffered heavy losses this time. The Eternal Special Force had almost been wiped out. With their current results, not only would they lose their faces within the six alliances, but they would also receive internal punishment. It was even very severe.

Only by obtaining extraordinary gains in other directions could he make up for his previous losses.