Chapter 860 - 860 The Beginning Of The Rescue Operation

860 The Beginning of the Rescue Operation

In the command hall of Base 4.

Ah Huang’s scream suddenly rang in Xu Tui’s ears, “Quick, physical destruction. A hidden safety order to activate self-destruction has been triggered! Five seconds. There are only five seconds!”

Xu Tui glanced at Ah Huang in disdain. He took a step forward and stabbed out with the Earth Spike. Three seconds later, Xu Tui removed the quantum next-generation chip. The entire data center was completely destroyed by him.

“It’s done.”

!!

“Ah Huang, can you do it or not?” Xu Tui asked unhappily.

“I will definitely do it at the next base.”

“When you were at the first main base, you said that you will be able to do it in the next one. When we took down Base 5, you said that you will definitely take down the next one. Now that we have taken down Base 4, you’re saying the next one. Can you do it or not?”

“The next one will definitely work! There are too many security orders in the data center. There are already three hidden security orders to activate self-destruction. I should be done with it. I’ll definitely be able to do it next,” Ah Huang said.

“Alright, I’ll trust you again.”

He led his men straight to Base 3 in an hour.

Currently, Xu Tui did not need to spend too much time preparing.

To put it bluntly, after Xu Tui broke through, coupled with the fact that the various bases were empty, even if Xu Tui rushed in alone, he would be able to destroy the Mechanical Spirit Race in the base.

Of course, Xu Tui would not take the risk.

At least four to five Mechanical Spirits would rush out before he rushed in.

Xu Tui had taken down Base 3 before dark. There was no doubt about it. This time, Xu Tui stayed in the command hall of Base 3 for a long time. Ah Huang finally brought him good news.

“The data center database of Base 3 has been hacked. It’s being controlled. It will take some time.”

“We have entered the main program of the data center of Base 3 and are beginning to take over the various facilities in Base 3.”

“Starting to replicate all the data in the data center of Base 3.”

Xu Tui finally heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that.

It was done.

After working hard for so long, he finally obtained some information about the Mechanical Spirit’s data center. Although it was only a resource base of the Mechanical Spirit and should not be of a high level, its value and meaning were extremely great.

Xu Tui did not know if there was a precedent, but he should have gained a lot from getting a few sets of data centers from the Mechanical Spirit Resource Base.

Regardless of whether it could greatly increase the Huaxia Sector’s technology in terms of hardware and software in the data center, at the very least, it would allow the Huaxia Sector to not be helpless when they encountered similar data centers in the future.

In Ah Huang’s words, from today onwards, if he encountered such a data center again, it would be hacked in an instant!

Computer data attack and defense were often the accumulation of a data language. When the accumulated characteristics and quantities reached the level, it would become very easy.

Ah Huang had failed 11 times today to take down the data center of Base 3.

However, the previous 11 failures had laid the foundation for this success.

“Ah Huang, search the database. Did you find any useful technology?”

“In the initial search, we did not discover any key technology. However, we discovered three control systems, which are the corresponding maintenance data. We should be able to reverse-engineer a portion of the manufacturing program through the relevant maintenance data. However, the manufacturing process is very difficult,” Ah Huang said.

“Tell me, which three sets?”

“The Full Ecological Compound Chain Cycle Ecological Plantation System is the technology used by the Mechanical Spirit to grow vegetables and fruits on the resource planet,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui nodded vigorously when he heard that. Although this technique was inconspicuous, it was very practical. Humans had also realized planting on the moon, but if they borrowed from alien technology, the production might become higher. They might even have a breakthrough.

“The second set is the Ore Operation Refinement Center,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui had expected this. With this, he would dismantle a portion of the key components of the ore refinement center in a resource base before he left. He believed that with the strength of the Blue Star scientists, they would definitely be able to reverse engineer a portion of the technology.

At that time, even if he could not allow the Blue Star’s ore refinement technology to make an epochal leap, he would definitely make great progress.

Oh, that’s right. To be precise, it had greatly improved the Huaxia Sector’s ore refinement center.

Xu Tui was from the Huaxia Sector. He had no feelings for anyone else.

“The third is the energy node reflux balance system,” Ah Huang said.

The name of the third system stunned Xu Tui. He did not know what it was for.

“What’s this for?”

“The energy defense barrier that you broke through more than a dozen times previously is an additional function of this energy node reflux balance system.”@@novelbin@@

“Oh, f*ck!” Xu Tui exclaimed.

The Blue Star also had the technology of an energy defense shield. However, the Blue Star’s energy defense barrier mostly resisted harsh natural environments. It was like being on the moon, giving humans a living space.

Its defensive function was really lacking.

For example, the energy protection shield on the moon could be broken by a stronger Genetic Evolution Realm expert with a full-powered attack. Therefore, the moon’s energy protection shield was layered. Layer by layer, it could be considered a safety measure.

The Energy Shield of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s resource base was a true Energy Shield.

Xu Tui’s current flying sword could definitely unleash the attack power of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. However, it still could not break through the energy defensive barrier.

Under the full-powered attack of the flying sword, there were only a few ripples.

If he could get this technology back, it would definitely bring a certain level of inspiration to the scientists of the Huaxia Sector. As long as the energy protection shield technology of the Huaxia Sector improved by a small step, this trip would be worth it!

“Other than that, did you gain anything else?” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

“There is a lot of data. Some of them are very scattered. With my knowledge, I can’t determine what use these scattered data have. We can only wait for it to return and hand it over to the scientists to identify it,” Ah Huang said.

The night of the 40th day of the space invasion finally arrived after Xu Tui and the others took down Base 3.

Xu Tui and the others could only rest in Base 3. Moreover, after a day and a night of continuous battle, the members of the Worldly Special Force also urgently needed to rest to recover their strength.

Just as the night fell on the resource planet, a meeting room in the forward operating base of Planet Kono was brightly lit.

...

Commander-in-chief Lei Tian had gathered a large number of technical experts related to technology and communication for a meeting.

There was only one topic in the meeting—if they could reestablish contact with the resource planet.

Although they had lost contact with the base 1 and it was very likely that Lei Tian had also been captured, both Lei Tian and Lei Qian firmly believed that it was impossible for the Blue Star humans to conquer all the resource bases on the resource planet in a short period of time.

The humans on the Blue Star did not have that kind of strength for the time being.

As long as the resource planet and its resource base had not been conquered, they might be able to contact the lost resource planet again.

As long as he contacted the resource planet and learned about the situation on the resource planet, he would be able to come up with a plan to rescue Lei Xiang.

Whether it was the identity of Lei Xiang or the quantum array core in his hand, they had to save Lei Xiang.

Now, Lei Tian only hoped that if Lei Xiang was captured and really wanted to talk, he would be smarter and spit out something unimportant instead of the quantum array core.

In that case, he would not be in big trouble if the Sanctuary pursued the matter.

The venue was divided into two parts. One was the venue for discussing the repair of the destroyed quantum teleportation channel, and the other was to discuss the reestablishment of the communication.

The final outcome of repairing the quantum teleportation channel was not helpful. Even if it was repaired at all costs, it would still take more than half a year to repair the tunnel.

...

Of course, this was when the other party activated the repair. If someone tried to repair the quantum teleportation channel on the resource planet, the time would be very short. It might only take a week or even a few days to repair it.

However, it was obvious that if the main base was lost, it would be useless even if they contacted the survivors of the resource planet.

As long as the commander of the Blue Star Humans was not an idiot, he would definitely look favorably on the first main base.

“How is it? Are there any results?” When they arrived at the communication venue, Lei Tian had a gloomy expression.

Lei Qian, who had come forward to welcome him, quickly brought Lei Tian a glass of sparkling wine. This was Lei Tian’s favorite fruity fragrance.

“Sir, they are confirming the satellite model of the resource planet. If the satellite model of the resource planet is an old model from seven generations ago, there will be an ultra-long-range control program.

“Through this ultra-long-range control program, we can remotely control the satellite and then contact the base that had not been lost on the resource planet. We’ll basically be able to obtain the situation of the resource planet.” Lei Qian said.

“How’s the search going?”

“It should be soon. The data is a little old…”

Just as Lei Qian finished speaking, a group of scientists from the Spiritual Race and the Mechanical Spirit Race suddenly cheered. Lei Qian quickly rushed over.

A minute later, Lei Qian rushed over with a happy expression. “Sir, we’ve confirmed that it’s a satellite that can be taken over from afar. We can give the order now. However, due to the distance, there will be a transmission delay of at least eight hours between each contact!” Lei Qian said.

Lei Tian was stunned. “In that case, it will take at least 16 hours for me to communicate with the base on the resource planet.”

“That’s the theory.”

This time was really a little long. Lei Tian was a little depressed. However, it was already a blessing in disguise that he could recover his connection with the resource planet.

“Then you need more information from the one-time exchange. I’ll tell you. Write it down.” As he spoke, Lei Tian began to recite. Lei Qian recorded more than a dozen words in one go. Lei Tian suddenly asked, “By the way, can we contact the traitor, Black Hole, of the Blue Star Human Race that they contacted previously?”

“There’s a specific contact number, but the previous plan was not complete enough. Therefore, only people on the resource planet can contact this Black Hole.”

After pondering for a moment, Lei Tian said, “Then add another condition. Get the surviving bases to actively contact Black Hole and see if they can form a fixed connection with this traitor.”