Chapter 862 - 862 The Reason For Starting A War On The Blue Star

862 The Reason for Starting a War on the Blue Star

In the small conference room on the lower level of the command hall in the forward operating base of Planet Kono, the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian, and the Thunder Division’s Major General, Lei Zhen, had been sitting opposite each other for half a day.

Of course, there was a third person.

It was Lei Qian, Lei Qian’s deputy. She had been serving the two of them with tea and snacks. Although neither of them had taken a sip, Lei Qian still changed them from time to time.

The organization within the Spiritual Race was more complicated. Within the Spiritual Race, status was greatly related to strength. However, strength was not power. After countless years of development, the internal rules of the Spiritual Race had developed into a system that was more suitable for the Spiritual Race.

!!

It had taken into account the powerful superpowers of the Spiritual Race and established a power structure. It could also restrict the owners of power.

The highest authority was naturally the Sanctuary.

Within the Sanctuary, the power and status given to the clansmen were divided into two main categories. The first category was military ranks similar to titles.

For example, a major general.

Any Spirit who broke through to the Planetary realm would be given the rank of major general. Lei Zhen was one of them.

However, the rank of major general was just a status. It did not represent power. Power needed to be reflected by a position. For example, Lei Tian’s military rank was lieutenant general, and his position was the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base. This was where power was reflected.

Of course, this dual-track system was only a basic principle. The size of the right to speak was extremely complicated.

At this moment, Lei Tian and Lei Zhen, who were sitting in this small meeting room, basically controlled 50 to 60% of the authority in the entire forward operating base.

The capture of Lei Xiang seemed to only involve the life and death of Lei Xiang, but in reality, the consequences could be magnified!

“Brother, we can confirm that if the Sanctuary knows that Lei Xiang has been captured alive and might reveal important information, at that time, all the military arrangements in our forward operating base and the defense of the important planets in the solar system will have to be adjusted on a large scale.

“Adjustment was secondary. Someone had to take responsibility for this matter. I’ll take responsibility. As long as you were still the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, the family would still be very safe. At most, I’ll stay at the frontline for eight to ten years,” Lei Zhen said.

“That’s secondary. The defense adjustment is only to guard against the possible surprise attacks of the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star. But what if Lei Xiang confesses about the quantum array core?” Lei Tian looked at Lei Zhen steadily.

This question made Lei Zhen purse his lips tightly. He was speechless for a long time.

“Brother, can you hide the fact that Lei Xiang is carrying a quantum array core? At that time, even if Lei Xiang confesses, even if the quantum teleportation technology of the Blue Star humans has obtained a leap in development, but so what? Researching this thing is often like an epiphany. It’s also possible to suddenly advance by leaps and bounds,” Lei Zhen said.

“It’s been recorded. Anyone who uses the quantum array core will be recorded and uploaded to the Sanctuary database. At that time, I only thought that it was fine, so I got Lei Xiang to retrieve the quantum array core from the public vault. I didn’t use our own…” Lei Xiao was a little regretful.

Lei Zhen frowned. “It’s difficult if there are records in the Sanctuary. Once the Sanctuary discovers that Lei Xiang has been captured, they might immediately pursue the matter. At that time, it’ll not be enough if I were to take the responsibility.”

“It’s useless for you to take the blame. Once the matter of Lei Xiang and the quantum array core is discovered, then I, the commander-in-chief of the forward base, will have to be replaced. At that time, the hard work of our Thunder Division in the solar system over the years will be taken advantage of by the other families. At that time, less than 10% of our operations over the years will be left!” Lei Tian frowned.

“It’s not that serious to change the commander-in-chief directly, right?” Lei Zhen frowned.

“The other families are all fighting to the death in the Milky Way. They are all keeping an eye on the Solar System, which is a comfortable and promising place.

“This was only the punishment after this matter was exposed. If Lei Xiang really handed over the quantum array core to the Blue Star Humans, there would definitely be more severe punishment!

“Now, according to the news from the surviving bases connected to the resource planet, there’s a high chance that Lei Xiang has been captured by the humans of the Blue Star.” Lei Tian sighed.

“Brother, isn’t there a traitor named Black Hole of the Blue Star Human Race? Have you contacted him?”

“I’ve contacted him. I’ve confirmed that the Huaxia people captured Lei Xiang. This is what I learned about from Black Hole.”

“Brother, how about we offer a heavy reward and let this Black Hole help us save Lei Xiang?”

“I did. This Black Hole is extremely cunning and cautious. He just said that he doesn’t have the ability to do so. He can only think of a way to obtain information.”

“Do you know the true identity of Black Hole? Can you use this to threaten him?” Lei Zhen asked.

“I don’t know.” Lei Tian shook his head.

Lei Tian and Lei Zhen fell into a long silence in the small meeting room. Their heads raced as they considered the decision they were about to make. It was crucial. It would determine the future of their lineage!

This time, Lei Tian sat there for two hours before he spoke again.@@novelbin@@

“Now, I have two choices. Help me choose.”

“Tell me, Brother.”

“The first choice is to immediately report this matter to the Sanctuary and receive their punishment. I reckon that I will be transferred out of the position of the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, but you should be able to stay.

“We should be able to retain 30 to 40% of our assets in the solar system. The lives of our lineage will probably be a little harder in the next few years. That was the least of our losses. After this matter is reported, even if Lei Xiang really hands over the quantum array core, the subsequent punishment for me will not be too heavy!” Lei Tian said.

“What about Lei Xiang? What about Xiang’er?” Lei Zhen asked.

“Once the Sanctuary takes over, Lei Xiang might be given up…” Lei Zhen’s expression darkened. “Brother, I want to hear the second choice!”

Hearing this, Lei Tian suddenly smiled. “The second choice is actually simple!”

“What is it?”

“War! If we start a war against the humans on the Blue Star, everything will be easily resolved! Once the war starts, I will have the final say in everything. Moreover, once the war started, the matter of Lei Xiang would not be as conspicuous and important.

“As for the consequences, if we win this battle, or rather, if we don’t lose, that will be our success. During a war, even if the matter of Lei Xiang was exposed, the Sanctuary would not touch us. As long as we had some contribution points, we could offset this matter.

“The tradition of our race being the best at war had never changed. Moreover, there will be a lot of manipulation during this period. There will even be a high chance of rescuing Lei Tian,” Lei Tian said.

“Then let’s go to war! It’s also very important to be able to save Xiang’er. There aren’t many people in the next generation who have Xiang’er’s talent.”

Lei Zhen chose very quickly. However, in reality, this was the answer after careful consideration. Instead of bearing the punishment and losses that he would definitely suffer, he might as well take a gamble. He might be able to turn a bad thing into a good thing.

Lei Tian was not in a hurry to nod. Instead, he smiled bitterly and said, “Little Zhen, do you know the consequences of losing this battle?”

“No one is a general who always wins! Haven’t the clan lost many battles over the years? Even if we fail, at most, we will be punished together,” Lei Zhen said.

“Not only that, all of our interests in the solar system will be lost. All of our arrangements will be ineffective. We might even be sent to the frontlines of the Milky Way Battlefield in the next few decades.

“So what? We have to risk our lives both ways. We might as well risk it. If we can win this attack on the Blue Star, not to mention occupying the Blue Star, even if we were to return to Mars or the Moon, the Sanctuary would at least give you a spot as a Sage to enter the Sanctuary, right?” Lei Zhen said.

“That’s true. But the risk…”

“The key is that not only is there a possibility of success, but the possibility of rescuing Lei Xiang is also very high!”

Lei Zhen’s words instantly made Lei Tian make up his mind.

“Wine!”

...

Lei Qian, who had been serving them, immediately brought over the strong fruit wine. Lei Tian personally filled his and Lei Zhen’s cups.

“Since only war can solve the problem, let’s start a war. Let’s do it!”

“Do it!”

After finishing the two large glasses of wine, Lei Tian, who was still reeking of alcohol, began to get into character. “Then from now on, I’ll start to plan the route, transfer the resources, the various subsidiary species, and order the various generals of the forward operating base to make a public battle plan! However, you have to bring along our Thunder Division’s staff officers and come up with another battle plan!”

“Brother, don’t worry. I’ll definitely make this battle plan beautiful!”

“Little Zhen, I believe in your abilities, but I still have to remind you of a few points. First, your secret battle plan must guarantee the contributions and benefits of our Thunder Division. If necessary, we can even make the other divisions suffer greater losses. After all, the goal of this battle was to tide over our difficulties.

“At that time, as long as we had battle records, it doesn’t matter if the other divisions suffered greater losses. The winner takes all!” Lei Tian said.

“I understand!”

“Secondly, we have to be more meticulous in our plan to rescue Lei Xiang. We have to start from many aspects. I think that after this setback, Lei Xiang will definitely be able to stand alone in the future,” Lei Tian said.

“Yes, Brother, don’t worry. I already have an idea. Also, leave that Black Hole to me. Since we are going to start a war, if we can make good use of this Black Hole, it will definitely give us a surprise!” Lei Zhen made a request.

“It’s not just this Black Hole. I’ll also hand over the communication channels and information of the Blue Star Dawn Salvation Organization that we’ve been nurturing over the years to you. Make a plan with them and make use of them as much as possible.

...

“We can only succeed in this battle. We cannot fail! If we succeed, we will be able to step into the highest hall of authority of our Spiritual Race. If we fail…” Lei Tian’s eyes were solemn.

“Brother, don’t worry. I know!”

“Alright, then. You have to complete the battle plan in detail. You still have a lot of time to do it. But now, there’s a mission that you need to complete within three days.”

“Commander-in-chief, please instruct me!” Lei Zhen saluted.

“Within three days, I need you to give me a reason to start a war on the Blue Star that none of us can deny!”

“Don’t worry, Commander. I’ll definitely complete the mission!”

Lei Tian patted Lei Zhen’s shoulder and strode away. From now on, he will be busy!