Chapter 878 - 878 I Wanted To Dream, But I Was Woke Up By The Burn

878 I Wanted To Dream, But I Was Woke Up by the Burn

It was very fast to use a quantum portal to transport resources that had no energy reaction. It was basically equivalent to throwing it while catching it.

At the main base of the resource planet, 30 fully automatic engineering robots were operating at full power. The mechanical hands grabbed the standard metal ingot and continuously threw them into the temporary quantum teleportation channel.

On the moon, there were only 20 robots prepared by the Huaxia Sector to receive supplies.

In the past, this number was more than enough.

However, this year, it did not last for more than a few minutes. The various metal ingots sent over from the quantum portal landed on the ground and formed a small mountain. The officers in charge of receiving and counting the supplies in the Huaxia Sector immediately began to send more robots and transport vehicles. The situation only eased after they doubled.

This scene stunned the other sectors.

Previously, they felt that the gains from the America Sector and India Sector were already a good harvest. Did the Huaxia Sector have a greater harvest?

It was not too surprising that the Huaxia Sector had a good harvest.

It was considered a probability event. During the space invasion, the Huaxia Sector would have a huge harvest every three to four years. It was normal for them to seize 20 to 30% more than the other sectors.

However, the officials of the India Sector and the American Sector could not sit still after watching for ten minutes.

They did not count the exact number, but based on their visual observations, the harvest of the metal ingots sent out by the Huaxia Sector had exceeded more than 30% of the American Sector.

Maiponeo, who had sat up straight, frowned. He asked the secretary behind him in a low voice, “Have you counted the number in the Huaxia Sector?”

“Sir, it’s still ongoing, but the total number of metal ingots in this meeting has exceeded 24,000.”

Nilab had also heard the number.

Maiponeo and Nilab looked at each other expressionlessly. They slowly sat back in their chairs. The number of metal ingots obtained in the Huaxia Sector had already exceeded 60% of their income.

The teleportation continued. @@novelbin@@

Mapoineo and Nilab’s expressions turned ugly. Wasn’t the difference a little too great?

At this rate, the Huaxia Sector’s gains this year were equivalent to the gains of the American Sector for two years. The Huaxia Sector would definitely be much more lenient in terms of resources in the next year or two.

Of course, it was not a big deal.

The competition of national strength was a long-distance run, not a short-distance run. A year’s excess income would not be able to turn the situation around.

It was just that their faces and moods weren’t good.

Five minutes later, the teleportation of the Huaxia Sector’s metal ingot suddenly stopped. It began to teleport the silver Mechanical Spirit Alloy Metal Ingot.

Nilab and Maiponeo heaved a sigh of relief at the same time.

The number of precious metal ingots in the Huaxia Sector was about 30,000. It was twice the production of the two sectors combined, the American Sector and the India Sector.

It was quite a lot.

However, it was also within an acceptable range.

Looking at the beginning of the teleportation of the Mechanical Alloy, Nilab and Maiponeo’s expressionless old faces were plastered with smiles.

“This Mechanical Spirit Alloy is quite good. How much did your India Sector get this year?” Maiponeo asked.

“77 standard ingots. For 7.7 tons, I can make two to three hundred sets of interstellar combat armor or about 50 sets of individual interstellar combat armor. It’s similar to the gains from actual combat on Mars.” Nilab smiled very easily.

That was a happy number.

“Oh, oh, it looks like the warriors of our American Sector are a little luckier than your warriors. 91 standard ingots. We can produce dozens of interstellar combat uniforms.” Maiponeo laughed.

The interstellar combat uniform, which was also the combat uniform made of Mechanical Spirit Alloy worn by the elites participating in the battle, was also one of the important factors restricting the expansion.

Without this kind of metal that could repair itself with memories, other combat uniforms were too easy to damage. To most ordinary soldiers, once their combat uniforms were damaged, it meant death!

However, the interstellar combat uniform made of Mechanical Spirit Alloy was different. Even if it was destroyed or torn, it could repair itself within a certain period of time and recover its basic protective functions.

“Take your time to accumulate it. In ten years, our sector might be able to organize an interstellar expedition army of more than 10,000 people!” Nilab smiled.

“That’s right. I’ll slowly accumulate them…” Before he could finish speaking, Maiponeo’s expression became strange. “The Mechanical Spirit Alloy seized in the Huaxia Sector seems to be a little too much?”

“This…”

“Sir, the number that has appeared now has exceeded 1,000 ingots.” Nilab’s secretary reported a real-time number.

“A thousand ingots!”

Nilab swallowed and his expression instantly became ugly.

Maiponeo sat up straight again. His expression instantly became extremely ugly as he looked at the silver-white Mechanical Spirit Alloy Ingot that was continuously gushing out of the quantum teleportation channel.

“Did the Huaxia Sector wipe out a planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race?” Maiponeo was shocked as he looked in the direction of the Huaxia Sector.

On the rostrum in the Huaxia Sector, Lieutenant General Wei Bin, who had been sitting upright, suddenly placed his hands on the table. The veins on his arms bulged. He looked at the leaders of the other sectors around him, and his face turned inexplicably red.

“Into the military warehouse. All of them into the military warehouse!”

After giving the order, Wei Bin secretly sent a message to the adjutant. The adjutant sent a message to Zhu Lang, who was in a semi-quarantine state. The content was that the commander was asking how much more he had.

“Commander, there are many more.”

Wei Bin looked at Zhu Lang in the distance in shock. He took the adjutant’s communication device and asked, “How much?”

“We’ve only transported less than a fifth of it!”

Wei Bin was stunned. He immediately cursed through his communication device, “Zhu Lang, you bastard. If you dare to fool me, I’ll find a meteorite for you to patrol tomorrow. Tell me honestly, how many are there?”

1,000 Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloys were transported but that was less than a fifth of it. What a f*cking joke!

Look at how many ingots the American Sector had gotten. 91 ingots of Mechanical Spirit Alloy, yet he was already overjoyed.

Of course, Wei Bin would also be very happy if the Huaxia Sector could get their hands on 91 ingots of Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

That was 9.1 tons.

One had to know that the Mechanical Spirit Alloy seized from the Mars combat zone was only three to five tons. A thousand ingots means a hundred tons, yet it was less than a fifth. If he had not seen that Zhu Lang had just returned, Wei Bin would have thought that he had drunk himself silly.

...

“Report, I’m not good at math. I can’t calculate the percentage, but the total number of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloys we obtained is 5,600 ingots!”

“How much?” Seeing this number, the usually calm Lieutenant General Wei Bin subconsciously shouted, attracting the attention of everyone around him.

Zhu Lang, who was isolated by the eco-defense system in the distance, could not hear this voice.

Wei Bin was stunned. He looked at the adjutant behind him and asked in a low voice, “How much is it?”

“There are more than 1,500 in real time.”

Wei Bin widened his eyes slightly. He could already feel a few arrows-like gazes landing on him. That was the scrutinizing gaze of the high-ranking officials from the America and India Sectors, as well as the gazes of the high-ranking officials from several districts in the Huaya Sector.

The difference was too f*cking great!

There were only 160 ingots in the America Sector and India Sector. There were already more than 1,500 ingots in the Huaxia Sector.

Wei Bin did not want to think of the concept of 1,500 ingots, but he knew the concept of 5,600 ingots very well.

He could get more than 20,000 interstellar combat uniforms. Even if a portion was reserved for the elites, 20,000 interstellar combat uniforms meant that the Huaxia Sector could pull out a 20,000-strong interstellar army at any time.

The physical fitness of ordinary soldiers was basically impossible to fight in an environment outside the Blue Star.

...

However, with the interstellar combat uniform and modern energy weapons, each of them could unleash the strength of a Genetic Mutation Realm elite.

A team of about 30 people could even kill a Genetic Evolution Realm expert remotely if they had all the tactical firepower.

The total number of troops that the six alliances could mobilize was about 30,000.

There were a few more in the America Sector and the Huaxia Sector. Currently, there are only 6,000 interstellar combat troops. Most of them were stationed on Mars.

It was not that there was no one, but that they were not equipped. But now, if he really had the income of 5,600 Mechanical Spirit Alloy Ingots, the Huaxia Sector would immediately have 20,000 soldiers!

The number of interstellar armies in the Huaxia Sector could reach 26,000 in an instant. If they pooled it together, they could also gather a 30,000-strong interstellar combat army.

Wei Bin’s heart skipped a beat when he thought of this.

The total military strength of the interstellar combat legions of the six sectors was only slightly more than 30,000. Even if there were still some hidden in the various sectors, there were not many of them.

However, the Huaxia Sector this time…

At this moment, Nilab and Maiponeo looked at the Mechanical Spirit Alloy Ingot that was constantly gushing out. Their gazes had slowly turned red.

As politicians, they had already deciphered the huge meaning behind this. It was not just the people in charge of the America and India Sectors, but also the people in charge of the European Sector and the Russian Federation.

Although the supplies from the European Sector and the Russian Federation had not come out yet, the amount in the Huaxia Sector had already exceeded the horizon.

To put it bluntly, it already posed a considerable threat to them. Especially to the America Sector and India Sector.

Currently, there are 2,000 Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloys. They had already become a new 8,000 interstellar army.

In an instant, it brought pressure to Wei Bin.

Wei Bin was not afraid of one or two families. However, if the few families joined forces, this matter would be a little difficult.

What did this have to do with the other sectors?

Yes, that was the logic!

However, politics was the most bottomless and shameless thing. Once it became disgusting, was it reasonable?

If reasoning was useful, who would talk politics for you?

Wei Bin was stunned. He had never expected that he would one day lose money because of the resources he obtained from the war.

It was so hot that he could not sit still.

“Old Cai, come here!”

“Move aside. It’s a waste of my time to show my face when I’m receiving supplies. I’m very busy.” Cai Shaochu’s reply was very impolite.

“5,600 Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy!”

“Are you dreaming?”

“There are only 91 ingots in the American Sector! I wanted to dream too, but I was scalded awake!”

“Really?”

“Do you think I’m free?”

“Five seconds!”

Almost immediately after the exchange ended, the energy barrier above the quantum teleportation tunnel fortress suddenly shook.

Cai Shaochu, who was wearing a researcher’s robe, instantly appeared out of thin air.