Chapter 870 - 870 Quantum Dimensional Chain (2)

870 Quantum Dimensional Chain (2)

After a moment of hesitation, Xu Tui’s mind power took the initiative to approach the point where his mind power was trembling. The moment it got close, Xu Tui’s mind power was brought into a strange space by an inexplicable tearing force.

There were many items stored in the space.

There were a large number of Origin Crystals. There were still 11 lightning pearls that Lei Xiang had used many times. There were also two dazzling lightning balls.

This fellow’s net worth was really…

!!

There were also two silver boxes. There were also a few bottles of pills and some strange things that Xu Tui did not recognize.

“Ask him to take them all out.”

While Xu Tui was transmitting his voice to Yang Huai, his mind power was continuously injecting into Lei Xiang’s quantum dimensional chain. At the same time, Xu Tui was distracted. He also entered the illusory introspective state with difficulty.

Whether or not he could activate the quantum dimensional chain depended on this.

Since the Spiritual Race had used the pass-through method to activate the quantum dimensional chain, in theory, entering someone else’s quantum dimensional chain with his mind power would stimulate the relevant genetic base points.

However, this stimulation could only be activated after a month.

Xu Tui’s current thought was to use the illusory introspection to see if he could lock onto the relevant genetic base points in a short period of time. He wanted to see whether he could activate the quantum dimensional chain.

While Lei Xiang was taking out the items in his quantum dimensional chain, Xu Tui also drank a bottle of Level C Energy Restoration Elixir for himself. Xu Tui could clearly find the state of the energy flow in his body as long as his body was filled with energy.

In less than a minute, Lei Xiang took out all the items.

However, Xu Tui, who was in Lei Xiang’s Quantum Dimensional Chain, could already sense that the Quantum Dimensional Chain was beginning to tremble. This was a sign that Lei Xiangt’s mind power was unstable.

“Give him some more potions to steady him. I need time.”

“Okay!”

After Yang Huai poured the medicine, the condition of Lei Xiang stabilized slightly. Xu Tui’s mind power continued to flow through Lei Xiang’s quantum dimensional chain. At the same time, he observed himself with his illusory introspection.

It lasted for more than 20 minutes without any changes.

“Ask him if he will do nothing or do other training when he injects his mind power into someone else’s quantum dimensional chain.” Xu Tui frowned.

“Alright.”

“I need to borrow someone else’s quantum dimensional chain and use my mind power to continuously use items to have the possibility of activating the quantum dimensional chain.”

Lei Xiang’s answer made Xu Tui curse in his heart. He had almost been delayed. However, with his current mental state, it was already good enough that he was telling the truth.

“What else do I have to pay attention to when I activate the quantum dimensional chain?”

“When activating the quantum dimensional chain, this chain has to be established in any part of your body.”

“Can any part of my body store that many things?”

“The Sage said that a sand was a world, a leaf was a Bodhi!”

Xu Tui’s heart suddenly skipped a beat when he heard that. He had seen this sentence many times in ancient books.

From the perspective of modern science, sand was a world. It seemed to make sense to use it to activate the quantum dimensional chain.

However, if that was the case, did the many ancient books contain the truth about cultivation? Especially superpowers? Or was this also the reason why Cai Shaochu asked him to practice those ancient words?

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt as if he had touched a point. He had touched another level of cultivation.

However, it was just a little thought. It was still a little blurry.

Xu Tui quickly focused when he sensed the unstable quantum dimensional chain. He began to cultivate according to the method described by Lei Xiang.

Xu Tui took out an Origin Crystal and began to use his mind power to move it in and out of Lei Xiang’s quantum dimensional chain.

Zhu Lang, Cui Xi, and the others watched in awe.

It was like magic. Everyone understood Xu Tui’s intentions. However, no one had high expectations.

Failure was normal!

Lei Xiang had taken a month to activate the quantum dimensional chain. How many times could Xu Tui use Lei Xiang’s quantum dimensional chain to cultivate?

Looking at the state of Lei Xiang, it would probably be difficult to hold on for another hour or two.

Xu Tui’s cultivation was extremely important. Five minutes later, Xu Tui exchanged the Origin Crystal for a huge metal ingot.

Xu Tui realized that when he moved the metal ingot, the burden and consumption of his mind power were greater. It was also a little more difficult. In theory, the effect of this training should be better.

However, Lei Xiang’s mental state had reached his limits. Every ten minutes, Yang Huai would feed Lei Xiang a little Level B Energy Activity Elixir.

An hour later, Xu Tui could move two metal ingots at once. However, he had no intention of stopping.

The few people present were nervously observing the state of Lei Xiang. No one noticed that Xu Tui no longer had much anxiety on his face. Instead, he looked a little calm and composed.

Under the illusory introspection, Xu Tui saw that there were seven genetic base points in his quantum entangled energy transmission genetic ability chain. They were exceptionally active at this moment and shone with golden light.

Other than that, there were six other genetic base points near the seven genetic base points that had very obvious energy fluctuations. Clearly, they had been stimulated to a certain extent by the training just now.

Basically, Xu Tui could already confirm the genetic base points of the quantum dimensional chain.

However, this was a rare opportunity. Xu Tui wanted to be more accurate.

Xu Tui no longer cared about the life and death of Lei Xiang. He had already obtained enough today.

The tenacity of Lei Xiang was even stronger than Yang Huai had imagined. With the support of the Level B Energy Activity Elixir, Lei Xiang lasted for two hours and ten minutes before fainting.

Xu Tui’s mind power fell out. He looked at Yang Huai and asked, “How is it? He won’t die, right?”

“He’s a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, he shouldn’t die,” Yang Huai said.

“Are you going to continue? Give him another ten times the dosage of stimulants and he might be able to wake up for a while.”

“Forget it. He’s still valuable. That’s all for today,” Xu Tui said.

The moment Yang Huai nodded, Yang Huai suddenly fell backward. The moment Cui Xi caught him, Yang Huai’s snoring sounded.

...

Yang Huai had also reached his limit.

“Old Cui, send him to rest. Let him rest well.”

“Is it activated?” Zhu Lang stared at Xu Tui and asked.

Xu Tui smiled and shook his head. “How is that possible?” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui looked at the pile of things that he had taken out from Lei Xiang’s quantum dimensional chain on the ground and asked, “How should we deal with them?”

“The valuable ones are the Origin Crystal and this Lightning Pearl and Lightning Ball. I’ll take half of them and give the other half to Taiyi and Haotian. I’ll also give them a portion of the contribution. I won’t split the rest. It’s not easy to split them.”

“These two silver boxes…”@@novelbin@@

“It’s yours. You’ll gain more if you study it for Principal Cai.”

Zhu Lang left with his things as Xu Tui nodded. Xu Tui took out a backpack and put all the things he had taken out of Lei Xiang’s quantum dimensional chain into it.

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s gaze focused on a jade core that was made of a very special material. Its surface looked a little like the patterns of a chip. The reason Xu Tui paid attention to it was that this thing was a little similar to the red fire slip that Xu Tui had measured back then.

However, the material and aura were far inferior to the red fire slip. Xu Tui’s mental perception could directly penetrate it.

The things inside were very complicated. They had a faint feeling of quantum entanglement.

...

“What is this?” After being puzzled for a moment, Xu Tui threw the jade core, which was made out of an extremely high-grade shield, into his backpack. He had obtained too much information today and obtained a lot of good treasures. He would slowly study them to see if they were valuable after he digested them.

A few seconds later, Xu Tui discovered another disk-shaped object. At the center of the disk-shaped object was an intermediate-level colony of the Ling Clan.

There was an Origin Crystal embedded in the corner. The intermediate-level colony lit up slightly and was revived. Tri Ling Ding immediately confirmed that this thing was the colonial body that Lei Xiang had used to communicate.

It was worthless!

After confirming it, Xu Tui was about to pick out the Origin Crystal and throw it into his backpack when the intermediate colony in the middle of the plate suddenly lit up.