Chapter 879 - 879 Balance And Lei Xiang’S Choice

879 Balance and Lei Xiang’s Choice

Cai Shaochu, who had appeared out of thin air, immediately attracted the attention of the higher-ups of the six alliances.

Nilab, Maiponeo, and Doge Antheus, the deputy director of the European Sector Genetic Committee, narrowed their eyes at Cai Shaochu, who had suddenly appeared. They started to communicate in private.

Wei Bin had asked Cai Shaochu to come over to suppress the situation.

Cai Shaochu could hold the fort not only because of his Planetary-realm strength, but also because he was the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

!!

For example, most of the elites who participated in the space invasion this time had to call Cai Shaochu Principal!

In the school circle, this kind of relationship looked very fragile, but it was sometimes very useful.

The essence of politics was balance and suppression.

The gains of the Huaxia Sector could no longer be described as shocking if they were compared to the gains of the India Sector and the American Sector.

This was especially so for the amount of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy. The combined harvest of the America and India Sectors was not even a fraction of what the Huaxia Sector had obtained.

There was nothing he could do about it. On the resource planet, the participants from the America Sector and the India Sector were fighting an encounter battle. Most of the loot had been seized by the patrolmen of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

But the Huaxia Sector’s Worldly Special Force had killed their way into the Mechanical Spirit Race’s nest.

A resource base was filled with 300 Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Mutation Realm. Other than those who had died in battle during the patrol, the rest had all become the spoils of war of the Worldly Special Force.

They had taken down 19 such bases.

How could there not be many spoils? However, no one expected that the number of spoils was a little too much.

It was normal for others to be jealous. There were many places in the Huaxia Sector that were coveted by the America Sector or the India Sector.

However, they could only be envious. If they dared to reach out, the Huaxia Sector would dare to chop them up. Whoever dared to reach out will be given a war!

But this was one-on-one.

Once the envy of the six alliances formed a common interest, it would be troublesome. Once that happened, no matter how tough the Huaxia Sector was, they would not dare to declare war. He would suffer greatly if he fought too many. Therefore, he still had to engage in politics!

Wei Bin had called Cai Shaochu over to engage in politics.

Fighting one wave after another was called politics!

Cai Shaochu was also a little confused as he looked at the Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy that was constantly being transported away.

Did the special forces of the Huaxia Sector all eat fake blue pills this time? Were they so powerful that they were abnormal?

The number of spoils was no longer beating up the India Sector. Instead, they were holding knives to their necks.

However, Cai Shaochu was not in a hurry to say anything. He had worked with Wei Bin for so many years and had a tacit understanding.

Cai Shaochu used his consciousness to communicate with Zhu Lang from afar.

“I’ll ask. You can think about it in your mind.”

Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded in Zhu Lang’s mind, startling him. He did not need to speak. Principal Cai could tell what he was thinking. This ability was really good for Principal Cai.

At this speed, Cai Shaochu figured out the specific situation in just a minute.

“Wow, Worldly, Haotian, and Taiyi didn’t embarrass us this time. As expected of the Origin Crystal ability seal cards I personally gave them!” Cai Shaochu slowly sat down beside Wei Bin. “It’s a little tricky.”

Cai Shaochu and Wei Bin communicate silently.

“5,600 ingots. It shouldn’t be a problem for you to suppress them, right?”

“5,600 ingots?” Cai Shaochu sneered. “It’s either you be prepared to fall out with them, or pull a wave now.”

“What do you mean?”

“5,600 ingots, and that’s only Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy. There’s 610 Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy!”

“There are also 610 ingots of Level C. Perfect! I have the school and interstellar combat uniform! No, I can’t give in. I’ll fight with these bastards. If they have the guts, they’ll fight us first.”

“As long as we survive this wave, our Huaxia Sector will…” Cai Shaochu gave a thumbs-up. The meaning was clear as day.

The Huaxia Sector, which could directly produce an additional 20,000 interstellar combat talents, would undoubtedly be the boss of the six alliances. At that time, everything was possible!

“There are still 130,000 of the other precious metal ingots!” Cai Shaochu sighed softly.

“Wait, did I hear wrongly? Didn’t we finish transporting the precious metal ingots? Didn’t we finish transporting 30,000 ingots?”

“The total is 160,000. The portion from before only transported 30,000. That’s what Zhu Lang said just now.

Other than that, there were seven sets of ore refinement centers, seven sets of eco-planting systems, and hundreds of tons of various special pipe materials.

“Let’s not talk about the other small things,” Cai Shaochu said.

Wei Bin froze and rubbed his face in a daze. “Old Cai, did I get hit by some superpower and fall into an illusion? Even if the wolf cubs in the Huaxia Sector were a little stronger than the American Sector, they should not be so ridiculously strong, right? It won’t work even if you feed them a bottle of blue pills.”

“Do you have a lot of those things?” Cai Shaochu teased.

“Scram, you’re the one who needs it. I shock the world every day!”

“Tch!”

“The reason why we gained so much this time is because a demon wolf appeared among these wolf cubs.”

“Who is it?”

“Xu Tui!”

Wei Bin was stunned again. “I’ll believe it if you say that this kid is causing trouble! This kid was already demonic enough during the actual combat on Mars. However, this time, it was too monstrous! It directly plunged me into a war crisis!”

“Let’s go trade. It just so happens that we will be lacking something soon,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Lacking what?”

“These wolf cubs have obtained such a large amount of loot. You have to reward them with Origin Crystals according to our previous agreement!

“160,000 standard metal ingots and 5,600 ingots of Mechanical Spirit Alloy. The Origin Crystals you sent out and the Origin Crystals you distributed to the special forces and the battle teams had to be at least 18,000 grams.

...

“If we distributed so much at once, our reserves would be a little insufficient! Moreover, with so many gains, the market price of the Mechanical Spirit Alloy and precious metal ingots would continue to decrease in the future.

“Why don’t you be generous and make a deal first? We had to have resources, but Origin Crystals were also the most important! At the critical moment, you can’t eat resources, but you can eat Origin Crystals, fight, and fool people!” Cai Shaochu said.

Wei Bin only thought about it for three seconds before nodding in agreement. “All the sectors?”

“Yes, get them to exchange it with Origin Crystals. Be fast. Otherwise, when they react, they might lower the price!” Cai Shaochu said.

“Heh, Old Cai, you’re still the smartest. You immediately turned the matter of being surrounded by red-eyed people into taking advantage of the other sectors.”

“Hurry up. I’ll get Zhu Lang to contact the other party and get them to teleport the other resources first. Let this matter slow down first. Let’s reach a deal first!” Cai Shaochu said.

A minute later, Wei Bin stood up. “Let’s talk about something at the last minute. The brats of the Huaxia Sector are awesome. We’ve seized a lot this year. However, you know the rules. We can’t take the spoils of war from the brats for nothing. They exchanged their lives for this. We have to exchange Origin Crystals with them.

“However, there were too many spoils. Our Origin Crystals were a little tight. Therefore, we had an emergency discussion and decided to transfer a portion of the Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy and metal ingots to the other sectors.

“Currently, we were prepared to take out 2,500 Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy and 50,000 precious metal ingots to see which alliance needed them.

“As for the price, it’s slightly lower than the market price. For example, the market price of a precious metal ingot is 2.1 grams of Origin Crystals. We only sell it for 2 grams of Origin Crystals.

“The market price of a Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy is 130 grams of Origin Crystals. We only charge 120 grams of Origin Crystals. Here, those who need it, report your number. There were not many of them. There would be people who are fast, and some who are slow.

...

“Once you confirm, then hand over the Origin Crystals now.” Wei Bin was extremely familiar with his business.

“We want 1,500 ingots of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy!” The Africa Sector was the most generous. Cabanda, the deputy director of the Africa Genetic Committee, was the first to report the number.

This was definitely a free shill!

Wei Bin loved this!

“Yes, everyone is a brother. We’ll see if the other sectors want it. If they want it, we’ll split it evenly in the end. If other people want less, I’ll give you 1,500,” Wei Bin said.

“We want 1,500 too!” Plesian, the deputy director of the Russian Genetic Committee, became the second assist.

Of course, he would not reveal the fact that Cai Shaochu had contacted him in private.

The situation of the Africa Sector and the Russian Federation wanting to round up the resources made the European Sector anxious.

That wouldn’t do.

“We want 1,500 ingots too!”

This was an intergalactic army. Doge Antheus, the deputy director of the European Sector Genetic Committee, had to be anxious.

The three sectors had spoken. If the America and India Sectors did not speak up, the metal ingots would be taken by the other three sectors. Then, the America and India Sectors would fall drastically behind in terms of the number of interstellar legions.

If they fell behind, they would be beaten up!

So they also quickly expressed their stance.

Everyone wanted 1,500 ingots!

However, the total amount he took out was only 2,500 ingots.

In the end, Wei Bin suggested that since they were all brothers and everyone wanted it, they could not favor one over the other. Everyone should split it equally. He would sell 500 Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloys and 8,000 precious metals to each sector. The deal is done now.

What he wanted to do was to get the Origin Crystals as he gave the goods!

In this aspect, Africans were the most active. In less than half an hour, 200,000 Origin Crystals entered the hands of the Huaxia Sector and successfully eliminated an invisible battle.

He had benefited!

Of course, Cai Shaochu had privately given the Africa Sector 200 ingots and the Russian Federation 300 ingots to trade. He had also pulled in another wave in private!

In the end, the people in charge of the various sectors were shocked to discover that the number of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloys seized by the Huaxia Sector this time might be as high as 5,000 ingots. All of them had very interesting expressions.

They did not know the exact number. @@novelbin@@

That was because in the end, the Huaxia Sector did not even know the exact number. They could only roughly estimate the number of items that fell.

The number of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloys obtained in the Huaxia Sector might be close to 5,000 ingots. It might even reach that number.

At this moment, no matter how shameless a person was, they could not attack immediately. It was a fact that the Huaxia Sector had just traded 500 Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

You haven’t digested what you just ate. Can you deny it?

Moreover, after this split, they had six to seven hundred ingots, while the Huaxia Sector had 2,000 ingots. The difference seemed to be acceptable.

Of course, they did not know that the total amount of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy that the Huaxia Sector obtained in the end was 3,100 ingots, and the total amount of Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy was 610 ingots.

It could armor at least 13,000 intergalactic combat troops.

As for the America and India Sectors, according to the gains after the transaction, they could barely fit 3,000 people.

At the same time, on Resource Star No. 7.

Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Yan Lie, Cui Xi, and the others were defending the perimeter. Xu Tui and Yang Huai walked closer to Lei Xiang, who had recovered over the past few days. Even if he had recovered, Lei Xiang was still a human stick.

There was only a torso and a head. All four limbs were gone. Of course, the third leg was still there.

A few days of rest had made Lei Xiang’s mental state much better. As a result, he had at least 10 shielding nails nailed to his head. His mind power shield hat had also been specially modified to cover his neck.

“Lei Xiang, we’ve completed our mission and are going back to the moon! What about you? What do you think?”

“What do you mean?”

“Your cultivation level is too high. The temporary quantum teleportation passageway we established can’t withstand the fluctuations of the power in your body, so we can’t bring you back to the Blue Star. That’s why you have two choices now,” Xu Tui said.

“Shoot.”

“First choice, we’ll kill you now! Second, think of a way for us to bring you back without killing you!”

As soon as these two choices were made, Lei Xiang was dumbfounded!

Was there anyone who brought a hostage like this?