Chapter 877 - 877 Reconnaissance Direction And Quantity Of Resource (2)

877 Reconnaissance Direction and Quantity of Resource (2)

“Increase your vigilance and return home safely!” Xu Tui let out a long sigh.

By the time Xu Tui and the others returned to the first main base, the quantum temporary teleportation channel activated by the secondary quantum beacon had already begun to be used.

The first batch to pass was the 100 warriors of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team led by Zhu Lang. After this batch of warriors passed, they would participate in receiving a large number of resources at the other end of the moon.

It would last for three hours if there were more supplies. Then there were the Russian Federation’s battle teams and special forces, as well as the personnel and resources of the Africa Sector.

Lastly, there were the other members of the Huaxia Sector.

In the past, this priority was very popular. The various special forces were fighting over who would leave first. This was because every minute they stayed on such an unknown planet was more dangerous.

However, this year was different.

The Mechanical Spirit Race on the resource planet had almost been crippled by the Huaxia Sector. The two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts who had escaped did not show their faces again.

Danger?

It basically did not exist.

Therefore, priority rights were not as popular. The toll fee was not as high as in previous years.

To activate the temporary quantum teleportation channel, the quantum beacon required 500 grams of Origin Crystals. Then, every hour it was maintained, 100 grams of Origin Crystals would be invested.

In the past, the special forces that had the quantum beacon had to earn a sum of money through the passage fee.

The toll was calculated based on time.

Sixty grams of Origin Crystals every ten minutes. Under normal circumstances, the quantum teleportation channel could last for eight to ten hours, but the time could not be used up. The cost was about 20 to 30 grams of Origin Crystals every 10 minutes. He could still earn a small sum of money.

There was a 20% discount for both the Russian Federation and the Africa Sector. As for the people in the Huaxia Sector, they gave even greater discounts.

30% off!

This discount was quite huge. In the past, it would have been impossible. However, they had earned enough from this year’s battle. This small sum of money did not matter.

But some of the team members were rather petty.

“Commander, Haotian said they wanted us to pass at the original price, we wouldn’t even get a 20% discount. But you gave them a 30% discount.” Yan Lie was a little dissatisfied.

“That’s right. They’ll have to thank us if we give them a 20% discount!” Mu Xingluan also interrupted.

“Commander is too generous,” Li Zheng said.

“30% off. The commander is taking too much care of them.”

Not far away, Li Zhen, who was listening to the chatter, sneered to himself.

Xu Tui was generous? You have never seen how stingy Xu Tui was on the Mars battlefield.

“It’s fine. We only gave 10%. Furthermore, we’re not fighting for priority. We can let the Russian Federation and Africa Sector leave first. We don’t lack that now. Oh, yes, let’s go and take a look at Lei Xiang. Now, let’s study this guy’s retention problem.”

…

On the moon, in front of the quantum teleportation gate fortress, figures gathered.

Today was the day the various battle teams and special forces returned from the space invasion.

Every year at this time, it was a grand occasion for the six alliances. It was a grand occasion for the moon.

It was the harvest season!

The battle teams and special forces of the various alliances could bring about a massive number of seized resources and minerals. This was also the reason why the space invasion could continue.

Only with benefits could it continue.

In order to welcome the returning warriors, the main people-in-charge of the six alliances, including the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont, also appeared in front of the moon’s quantum portal fortress as a mascot.

A small number of quasi-planetary-level powerhouses that had children participating in the space invasion also appeared and waited.

Of course, Planetary realm powerhouses would not appear here, even if they were worried about this place.

Moon Time, October 2, 2138.

As the person-in-charge of the Huaxia Sector’s extraterrestrial affairs, Lieutenant General Wei had also appeared here. The main reason why Wei Bin, including the people in charge of the various sectors, appeared here was because of his attitude.

It showed the Blue Star’s attitude towards this matter.

The space invasion was a landmark event for the Blue Star humans to take the initiative to fight in space.

Wei Bin had appeared here for several years to express this attitude and the Huaxia Sector’s expansion attitude.

The word “plunder” had great significance in a space invasion.

Of course, with the heads of the various alliances gathered together, it was inevitable that there would be comparisons.

Sometimes, politicians could be shameless, but sometimes, face was extremely important.

The members of the battle teams and special forces of the India and America Sectors who were the first to return made Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, and Maiponeo, the deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, very satisfied.

The return rate was very high.

The casualty rate of the India Sector was only 6%. The casualty rate of the American Sector was slightly higher, a little more than 8%. It was within the rules and acceptable range.

At the same time, seizures were also gratifying. Especially the piles of metal ingots. They looked very pleasing. Compared to previous years, they had seized a third more.

This was especially so for the extraterrestrial technology that was being stored in a large pile. That was an excellent research sample.

The gains from the American Sector were similar to those from the India Sector. For example, the standard metal ingot was 4,230+ for the India Sector and 4,120+ for the American Sector. Other than that, the two families each had 8,800 tons and 9,300 tons of raw ore.

Originally, their gains were not bad.

However, after seeing the standard metal ingots that had been refined previously, these raw ores were no longer eye-catching.

According to the current refinement level, 9,000 tons of raw ore could only produce about 1,000 tons of precious metal. The purity might not be as high as that standard metal ingot.

It was another 10,000 standard metal ingots.

...

This amount referred to the harvest of precious metals or even rare metals from the Blue Star and the Moon.

This wave of gains was awesome!

Therefore, Nilab and Maiponeo greatly commended their respective regiment commanders and special forces regiment commanders in front of all the higher-ups of the six alliances. They praised them for their huge contribution to the development of the Blue Star.

However, both the India Sector and the American Sector had a strange expression on their faces. They even felt a little awkward.

They could only accept such praise in public.

The members of the India Sector and the America Sector’s special forces were all sent to the Moon’s ecological defense base after participating in the ceremony.

Here, they had to undergo at least 12 hours of ecological extermination and testing. It was to prevent certain extraterrestrial super microorganisms and super viruses from spreading and causing great damage to the ecosystem of the Moon and Blue Star. Therefore, they did not interact much for the time being.

Nilab and Maiponeo, who were more satisfied, were not in a hurry to leave. It was not bad to admire the report cards of the other out-of-sectors. @@novelbin@@

Immediately after, the 100 warriors from the Huaxia Sector returned. After reporting the basic casualties, the teleportation of the seized resources quickly began.

The total loss of the Huaxia Sector was more than 7%. There was nothing special about it.

However, ten minutes after the seized supplies were teleported, Nilab and Maiponeo could not help but sit up straight.

...

There were too many of them!