Chapter 874 - 874 The Eve Of Return

874 The Eve of Return

On the 57th day of the space invasion, the entire Base 1 became clearly lively.

Over the past few days, the Taiyi Special Force and the Haotian Special Froce had been transporting the ore and metal ingots in the resource base they were guarding to the first main base in batches. They had made preparations to leave in advance.

They were not the only ones. The Russian Federation’s battle teams and special forces were also transporting supplies to the main base.

At that time, they would leave through the temporary quantum teleportation channel established by the secondary quantum beacon in the hands of the Worldly Special Force.

There were also people from the Africa Sector’s battle teams and special forces who accurately gathered at the first main base after contacting Zhu Lang.

This was because this place was relatively close. Secondly, the Huaxia Sector gave a 20% discount on the teleportation fee.

Of course, Zhu Lang had communicated with Xu Tui about this price.

After all, Xu Tui had fought for the secondary quantum beacon.

According to the plan, on the 59th day of the space invasion, the main quantum beacon with the highest pass-through sequence would first establish a quantum teleportation channel, followed by the secondary quantum beacon.

On the 60th day of the space invasion, the warriors of the Huaxia Sector would be able to return.

The return was imminent. Every member had a relaxed and happy expression.

The pressure of participating in the space invasion was indescribable. It was no longer a problem of fighting alone. It was the result of a stranger dying in the nameless starry sky if something went wrong.

This kind of pressure was especially great for the elites of the Huaxia Sector who had a strong sense of belonging to their home.

However, as the return approached, the pressure had silently dissipated.

There were not many people in the Worldly Special Force. The maintenance and defense of the main base was basically handed over to the Huaxia Sector’s battle team.

The members of the Worldly Special Force did not stay idle either. They only cultivated.

During the day, they would cultivate using the Origin Crystals. At night, they would cultivate in the cultivation hall with a high concentration of energy.

The energy concentration in the cultivation hall of the main base was about three times that of the other resource bases. The cultivation efficiency was very high. Even if they were sleeping, they would subtly strengthen themselves in the cultivation hall with a high concentration of energy.

In this cultivation state, good news spread.

Five days ago, on the 52nd day of the space invasion, Luo Murong’s aura surged. After he ran out of the cultivation hall, he slashed out 200 meters with his golden saber.

The 200-meter saber beam shocked everyone.

A saber that was hundreds of meters long had really come.

Luo Murong successfully evolved on his own and officially announced that he had broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

This made Cui Xi, who often fought with Luo Murong, shrink his neck.

A saber that was hundreds of meters long had really come. He had to train harder for his tattered freedom!

Previously, Xu Tui’s autonomous evolution had not caused much of a reaction in the Worldly Special Force.

The combat strength and abilities that Xu Tui had displayed in the previous battles were extremely powerful.

To put it bluntly, in the eyes of the members of the Worldly Special Force, they would believe their leader even if he said that he had broken through to the Evolution Realm. Therefore, what was so surprising about Xu Tui breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm on his own?

Wasn’t that logical? It would be abnormal if he did not achieve an autonomous breakthrough!

Therefore, most of the members were not shocked that Xu Tui had completed his autonomous evolution and breakthrough. They felt that they could not compare to their regiment commander!

However, after Luo Murong completed his autonomous evolution, the members of the Worldly Special Force who had been watching the show were all on steroids.

Luo Murong was strong, but that strength was something they could reach. Luo Murong could beat Cui Xi up and deal with Yan Lie, but he would be dealt with by Zhao Hailong.

For example, Cui Xi’s idea was that Luo Murong had only cultivated for a year longer than him. If he made up for this year of cultivation, Luo Murong would definitely not be able to defeat him!

Now that Luo Murong had completed his autonomous evolution and break through, the signal to the others was that if Luo Murong could do it, so could I!

Yan Lie, Cui Xi, Yan Xuejin, Mu Xingluan, Miao Huanshan, and Tao Guan began to go crazy. Even their sleeping time was compressed to four to five hours.

Under this cultivation atmosphere, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, and Li Zheng, who had broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm a long time ago, felt immense pressure.

These guys were all trying their best to evolve and break through on their own.

Everyone knew that the combat power after an autonomous evolution and breakthrough was much stronger than the combat power aided by elixirs. This was especially so after an evolution. The horizontal effect was stronger, the duration was longer, and the overall enhancement to the foundation was even more powerful.

Therefore, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, and Li Zheng were also stimulated and cultivated diligently.

On the 55th day of the space invasion, Zhao Hailong and Luo Murong had a limited-intensity private spar. The only members who were watching were the members of the Worldly Special Force.

Unsurprisingly, Luo Murong lost again!

However, he lost shockingly!

Before he broke through, Luo Murong had also sparred with Zhao Hailong. Usually, Luo Murong’s best record was that he lasted 20 seconds against Zhao Hailong. However, Luo Murong and Zhao Hailong fought fiercely for a full 12 minutes before the outcome was decided. Half of the time, they fought head-on.

Zhao Hailong won, but it was not an easy victory.

Yang Huai was eager to try.

The fact that Luo Murong could fight Zhao Hailong for 12 minutes meant that Luo Murong’s combat strength had already climbed to their level.

Under most circumstances, the outcome of a battle between genetic newcomers was actually very fast. It usually took a few minutes.

“Is the increase of autonomous evolution so great?” He was not happy that he had lost to Zhao Hailong.

“The increase in the genetic ability chain during the autonomous evolution is very large. According to my estimation, it should be more than 50% stronger than the elixirs-assisted evolution.

“However, I think that the greatest improvement is the increase in efficiency after evolution. I felt that all of my fundamental abilities had improved. Even my overall reaction speed and perception had increased greatly. This autonomous evolution has completely improved my previous shortcomings.”

Luo Murong’s answer was very objective. He also pointed out the way for the other members. @@novelbin@@

After this battle, Zhao Hailong cultivated even harder. He had already broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm and could restart his evolution. If he wanted to maintain his status as the second brother of the Worldly Special Force, he had to train hard.

That’s right. Zhao Hailong was now the second-in-command of the special force.

Luo Murong’s actual combat performance had stimulated the members of the Worldly Special Force.

...

Five days later, on the 57th day of the space invasion, Yan Lie completed his evolution on his own. The main genetic ability chain that this fellow had chosen to evolve was his signature ability, Concealment.

He still could not pass through objects. However, he could easily pass through the energy barrier.

Yan Lie’s concealment could easily pass through the Vajra Barrier and Li Zheng’s Water Wave Shield. As for the material object, as long as there was a gap, such as the crack in the door, Yan Lie could pass through it.

On the 58th day of the space invasion, Xu Tui brought Yan Lie to Base 2 for a secret experiment. Due to the fact that the main program of the Data Control Center had been deciphered and taken over by Ah Huang, the energy defense shield of Base 2 was intact.

Xu Tui wanted to see if Yan Lie’s greatly strengthened Concealment after the Genetic Evolution Realm could pass through the energy defense barrier of the alien resource base.

If he could pass through it, the meaning would be…

The experiment was carried out inadvertently and secretly. Xu Tui only brought him to Base 2 in the name of research.

In the blink of an eye, Yan Lie appeared outside the energy barrier activated by Base 2. In the next moment, he appeared beside Xu Tui.

He went through!

He could confirm that Yan Lie’s concealment could pass through the energy defense barrier of the alien resource base.

This meant something extraordinary.

...

This meant that Yan Lie could directly flash into the energy barrier that the alien base regarded as a defensive barrier.

At this moment, there were still 12 alien resource bases that had not been broken through. But Yan Lie could enter.

This was a very tempting thought!

However, after thinking about it repeatedly for half a day, Xu Tui decisively gave up on this tempting idea.

They had already taken down enough alien resource bases. There was no need to take any more risks. If they took down one or two more alien resource bases, the gains would be very limited. There would not be any subversive results.

On the contrary, the risk was too great.

The risk that Yan Lie had to take was too great. The others could not enter, so the support they could give Yan Lie was very limited. Even if Xu Tui could fight through the energy barrier, there were too many uncontrollable factors.

They should all go home safely.

How many people came, how many people should return.

This thought reminded Xu Tui of Yue Qiang, who had been arranged by Tian Suqing. He had not contacted Xu Tui since he left the resource planet. He did not know how he was doing or what he was doing.

However, Xu Tui felt that Yue Qiang should have appeared before he returned, right?

Just as the members of the Worldly Special Force were stimulated again by Yan Lie’s evolution and were cultivating with all their might, Xu Tui also began to condense a quantum dimensional chain.

During these ten days, Xu Tui had brought Yang Huai along to interrogate Lei Xiang many times.

The directions of the interrogation were varied. The aftereffects of simmering the eagle were still there. Lei Xiang would answer all the questions, but there was no guarantee if they were true.

For example, Lei Xiang’s answer was that he did not know the purification method of the spiritual box.

Only a portion of the Saints in the Sanctuary knew the method of purifying the spiritual box.

Xu Tui asked many questions related to the quantum dimensional chain. Lei Xiang answered all of them.

Although he could not confirm that Lei Xiang’s answer was 100% correct, Xu Tui had a basic judgment of Lei Xiang’s answer as he gained a certain level of understanding of the quantum dimensional chain, especially since he had successfully activated the genetic energy chain of the quantum dimensional chain.

The answers should be true!

Perhaps it was because Lei Xiang felt that Xu Tui would not be able to activate the quantum dimensional chain even if he told him all the information he wanted to know.

After all, the genetic ability chain of the quantum dimensional chain was extremely difficult to activate. Even within the Spiritual Race, it could be activated through transmission.

Lei Xiang could not remember most of the details of the extreme interrogation more than ten days ago.

That night, his mental state was too bad.

Of course, in Lei Xiang’s opinion, even if he brought Xu Tui’s mind power into his quantum dimensional chain, that was all.

He wanted to activate the quantum dimensional chain after training in the guide’s quantum dimensional chain for a few hours? Did he really think that the geniuses of the Spiritual Race were trash?

That was impossible!

Therefore, Lei Xiang’s answer to Xu Tui’s questions was very honest.

In any case, it was useless even if Xu Tui knew. He did not want to suffer.

Xu Tui finally had a comprehensive understanding of the condensation process of the quantum dimensional chain.

Before he returned, he also began to condense his quantum dimensional chain.

After all, Xu Tui had already completed the most crucial part of the quantum dimensional chain that Lei Xiang felt that it was impossible for him to activate.