Chapter 873 - 873 Pioneer Raiders, Set Off!

873 Pioneer Raiders, Set Off!

Xu Tui’s test was basically completed amidst the rumbling sounds of the Mountain Formula.

Near the first main base, Cui Xi had already explained the situation for Xu Tui. He only said that the regiment commander was cultivating. Otherwise, the members of the battle team, Haotian, and Taiyi would have rushed over as the commotion was too big.

Xu Tui, who was standing in the air above the testing ground, was a little stunned.

After absorbing the remaining half of the spiritual power in the silver box, Xu Tui’s mind power still did not increase significantly. However, the power of his superpower had increased significantly.

Previously, the average depth of the Mountain Formula when it struck the ground nearby was 3.26 meters. After absorbing the power in the silver box just now, the average depth of the Mountain Formula was 3.74 meters.

It increased by about 15%.

The change in the Stab Formula was also very obvious. The length of the Earth Spike changed to five meters from four meters.

The most shocking thing was the thickness of the earth spikes. They were now as thick as an adult’s calf.

If it was like how Xu Tui had pierced the enemy through his legs in the past, it would probably be terrifying.

The frost puppet that had not been tested much previously was seven meters tall and two stories tall. Furthermore, it was purely using its abilities without using the water puppet doll.

The overall situation of flying on a sword had also improved.

The maximum controllable speed increased to nearly 90 kilometers per hour. However, this data could still be increased after a long period of flying training.

What made Xu Tui the happiest was that the strength of his mind power seemed to have increased again. The consumption of energy when he flew on his sword had decreased.

At the current rate of consumption, Xu Tui’s mind power could continue to fly at high speed for about 25 minutes.

If he improved it a little more, it would be able to meet Xu Tui’s basic requirements.

Of course, these were not the only abilities that increased.

The enhancement should be comprehensive, especially superpowers. Even the power of the Vajra Shield and the Vajra Barrier had increased slightly.

Xu Tui spread out his mental perception. His brows furrowed as he thought.

After absorbing the spiritual power in the silver box, his strength had increased. However, judging from the increase, the increase in the spiritual power he absorbed the first time was the most obvious. The second increment had been greatly reduced.

Of course, this was a normal rule no matter how one looked at it.

It was like adding water.

In a bottle of 500 milliliters, adding 100 milliliters would mean a total increase was 20%. On this basis, if he added another 100 milliliters, the total increase would only be about 16%.

Xu Tui was puzzled by another question—Logic!

The silver box could increase the origin core and the core of the mental body. Where was the logic behind his increase in strength?

Now that the power of his abilities had greatly increased, Xu Tui did not know what the real increase was.

Strangely, his other abilities had greatly increased. Only the distance of his mental perception did not increase. It was still 2,350 meters.

This made Xu Tui even more confused.

What was the logic behind this increase in strength?

He carefully sensed the changes in his mental perception. After a long time, Xu Tui suddenly froze.

He seemed to have found a direction!

Precision!

There was a change in the precision of his mental perception.

Two thousand meters away, he could clearly see the huge black pores on Cui Xi’s face with his mental perception. This was the range of his blurry perception. Within the range of his blurry perception in the past, the fluctuations of his mind power were the same as before. However, the clarity had become as precise as before.

The range of his accurate perception seemed to have become clearer. Xu Tui had a strange feeling. Within the range of his accurate perception, indescribable power fluctuations were constantly fluctuating.

However, there was no one here, much less any energy fluctuations.

“Is this… the original quantum fluctuation of the mountain?”

Xu Tui suddenly understood. He understood where his mental perception was strengthened. In the past, he needed to specially cut into the original quantum frequency of the mountain to materialize his senses.

Now, it seemed that he could instantly use the Mountain Formula within the range of his mental perception. This improvement made Xu Tui seem to have grasped something, but he could not accurately summarize it.

Was it his spirit or had the core of his mental body been strengthened?

It was just like a car. The energy supply had not changed, the power output system had not changed, but the engine had been upgraded.

At this moment, Xu Tui realized that it was a huge loss that he had not understood the research materials related to Cai Shaochu’s Galaxy Spirit Research Institute during his time on the moon. When he returned, he had to understand the relevant information about the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute!

Now that he thought about it, how could the research of a top Planetary realm expert be bad?

It was definitely the most critical and cutting-edge.

Xu Tui had already decided that he could not touch the other silver box. He had to give Cai Shaochu a certain research sample. After all, Xu Tui still had 19 spiritual boxes that had not been purified.

Xu Tui gestured for Cui Xi to stop and returned to the main base.

However, Xu Tui only stayed in the main base for an hour before he came out.

In an hour, the genetic ability chain that Xu Tui had been thinking about, the strength of his mind power, was completely strengthened into a Level 3 genetic ability chain. When it was completely strengthened into a Level 3 genetic ability chain, Xu Tui could clearly sense that the strength of his mind power had increased again.

Especially the mental shield. Although it had not been tested, Xu Tui’s mental perception was the best testing tool.

Soon, Xu Tui tested his ideal ability to fly on a sword again.

A minute later, Xu Tui began to fly on his sword in the sky. He kept accelerating and adjusting his flying posture and angle.

The flying speed gradually increased from 90 kilometers per hour to 120 kilometers per hour.

Twenty minutes later, his flying speed increased to 150 kilometers per hour. There was once when he turned a little too quickly, causing Xu Tui to fall off the flying sword.

Fortunately, his mind power was strong enough. He stepped into the air and was safe.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui, who was flying, cast a mental shield on himself. It was a mental shield that looked like a linear wind awl. In an instant, Xu Tui’s flying speed increased explosively again.

...

At this moment, Xu Tui had only consumed half of his mind power.

In other words, if Xu Tui maintained the state of flying on a sword, he could continue flying for an hour.

It could barely be used, but it was not enough! @@novelbin@@

Although it was not enough, Xu Tui had already found a way to improve. He could temporarily refer to the factors that affected the flying speed of the aircraft, such as streamline mechanics, reduced wind resistance, power output, and the use of airflow.

These should be able to increase the sustainability and speed of the flying sword.

However, the most important thing was the basic abilities of mind power, such as instantiation and object control. After breaking through the most basic genetic ability chains, it would be simpler and more practical to fly on a sword.

Xu Tui might be able to fly on his sword the next time he returned to the Blue Star and landed in the atmosphere.

In the next few days, Xu Tui, including the members of the Worldly Special Force, focused on cultivating.

Just as Xu Tui had said, there were so many Origin Crystals. Why would he keep them if he did not cultivate? When they returned to the Moon, they would obtain a lot of benefits from the space invasion.

They were all training with their lives on the line.

Currently, Xu Tui has set two cultivation directions. The first was to gradually strengthen the chains of the other genetic ability chains to Level 3 gold. So that the genetic ability chains would be completely strengthened to Level 3 genetic ability chains.

...

Basically, no matter which genetic ability chain was strengthened to Level 3 gold, the ability would be greatly enhanced.

It could be said that Xu Tui’s strength had been rapidly increasing every day during the last ten days of the space invasion.

Of course, it was a huge consumption.

Xu Tui consumed a large number of Origin Crystals every day.

Xu Tui’s second cultivation direction was the six genetic base points related to the quantum dimensional chain that he had obtained and locked onto from Lei Xiang.

There were a total of 13 genetic base points in the quantum dimensional chain. Xu Tui had already activated seven of them. Currently, Xu Tui’s main mission was to slowly develop the six genetic base points that he had locked onto.

Although he had Lei Xiang as a reference, he was still an enemy. Moreover, the other party was a Spirit. Therefore, Xu Tui was very careful when he developed these six genetic base points.

According to Luo Shifeng’s conclusion, he would minimize the possible danger bit by bit. He would basically develop a genetic base point every one to two days.

Of course, copying the oracle bone script and ancient seal script was also the most important.

Xu Tui had to complete the homework that Principal Cai had assigned him with his life.

Amidst his crazy cultivation, the 51st day of the space invasion quickly arrived.

The moon!

According to the Blue Star’s algorithm, the time on the Moon had already reached September 21, 2138. It had been more than two months since the various combat units participated in the space invasion.

However, the Blue Star Genetic Committee was not anxious about this at all.

The quantum random teleportation channel on the moon was still in a stable state. There were no fluctuations at all. It was not time for the various participants to return. It was not time for the units participating in the space invasion to return. However, another team was about to set off!

Pioneer raiders team!

After three and a half months, the newly formed Pioneer Raiders Team finally completed their collective training. They completed all kinds of special training and survival training and collectively rushed to the Mars battlefield.

The members of the Pioneer Raiders Team had to first reach the Moon through a quantum portal.

Due to the large number of people, it would take more than five days to complete the assembly. After arriving on Mars, the various Mars bases would assist them in arriving at the Huaxia Mars base.

The path to the exploration was there!

It was the 56th day of the space invasion.

In front of the Mars base of the Huaxia Sector, An Xiaoxue was dressed in military uniform. She was carrying two combat backpacks, one big and one small. She looked in the direction of the moon. There was a hint of worry in her eyes.

Although Principal Cai had said that Xu Tui was in a good condition, An Xiaoxue was still a little worried that Xu Tui had not returned before she participated in the battle.

“Exploration Team Number 14, get ready!”

“Xiaoxue, let’s go.” Qu Qingshan’s voice came from in front of the quantum tunnel.

An Xiaoxue looked in the direction of the moon one last time. She resolutely stepped into the quantum tunnel and instantly disappeared.