Chapter 875 - 875 Quantum Dimensional Chain And Traitor’S Clue

875 Quantum Dimensional Chain and Traitor’s Clue

The quantum dimensional chain was actually a high-level application of quantum mechanics. However, the Spiritual Race had displayed it with supernatural power.

Among them, the quantum entanglement state and the quantum superposition state were the most important cornerstones of the quantum dimensional chain.

To put it bluntly, the so-called quantum superposition state was that under the quantum state, the state of a particle was uncertain.

In our normal scientific world, it was either black or white. If it existed, it did not exist. If a particle did not exist, it would be wrong to say that it existed.

However, the quantum world was completely different. As long as there was no external interference, an item could exist, or not.

This was the theoretical cornerstone of the Spiritual Race’s quantum dimensional chain. Humans on the Blue Star also had such a theory, but the Spiritual Race had already realisticized the theory, while humans were still on the path of exploration.

The quantum dimensional chain was a superpower that used the quantum entanglement state as the link and the quantum superposition state as the cornerstone.

This was at the research level.

In terms of macroscopic theory, the Spiritual Race only had ten words: One flower is one world, one leaf is one bodhi.

Fortunately, Xu Tui had put in a lot of effort in this aspect in order to develop the genetic ability chain of the quantum entangled energy teleportation. Otherwise, he would not have been able to understand what Lei Xiang was saying now, much less dare to try it out.

After understanding the theory, it became easier to try.

The ability of the quantum dimensional chain was to send out a strange point through the quantum entanglement state.

After using this point to continuously solidify and expand, it would become an extremely magical quantum dimensional chain that could hold items.

However, the two points of the quantum entanglement state could be infinitely close or infinitely far.

It was fine if it was close, but if it was far away, the effect of the quantum dimensional chain carrying items would be useless.

The Spiritual Race’s solution was to solidify another point in the quantum entanglement state in their bodies.

One point was in the genetic ability chain in the mental body, while the other point was solidified in the body. It would be very convenient to retrieve items.

The value of the ability, Quantum Dimensional Chain, instantly soared.

Although the other point was solidified in the human body, its location was also very particular. The point could not be in the head. Even the Spiritual Race had not studied the head and brain thoroughly.

His limbs were not a good position either. That was because the point was solid. If one’s limbs were broken during the war, then this point would fall along with the broken limbs. Even if they could be recovered, there would be many hidden dangers.

Therefore, within the Spiritual Race, this point of the quantum dimensional chain was usually at a vital point.

In short, as long as the person was alive, the quantum dimensional chain would not be lost. Then the items would still be there.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not take another path. He followed the experience of the Spiritual Race and activated this on the thoracic spine above his heart.

This position was usually a defensive point.

Under extreme circumstances, his leg might be broken, but this would not happen in this place. Once something went wrong here, Xu Tui would probably have died.

The quantum dimensional chain ability swayed slightly, and the point was settled in the thoracic spine.

Next, it was time to work hard. He continuously activated the ability of the quantum dimensional chain and used his mind power to anchor this point. At the same time, he activated the ability of the quantum dimensional chain and began to continuously develop another point in the quantum entanglement state.

If it continued to expand, it would become a quantum dimensional chain that could store things. It could be said that as long as the quantum dimensional chain, a genetic ability chain, was activated, the rest would be a matter of course.

According to Lei Xiang, after the quantum dimensional chain solidified, it usually required a long time to develop before it could be of practical value.

For example, after he activated the quantum dimensional chain, the space in the quantum dimensional chain that he first activated was very small. It did not even have 0.05 cubic meters, let alone half a cubic meter.

According to the standard size of 500 milliliters of bottled water, he could only throw 10 bottles in.

However, the effects of such a small space were extremely shocking.

Extremely important cultivation resources, such as Origin Crystals or life-saving items, could be installed. There was no weight and they would not be lost or dropped. They could be used as they pleased.

It was too practical.

After that, as his cultivation continued to increase and develop over the past five to six years, the space of Lei Xiang’s quantum dimensional chain had increased by 30 times to more than a cubic meter.

He could put in a lot more things.

This was the information on Lei Xiang. However, Xu Tui felt that something was wrong when he was developing his quantum dimensional chain.

It was a little big.

The quantum dimensional chain only vibrated a few times before the quantum dimensional chain space solidified on the thoracic spine became about 0.1 cubic meters. The size of 0.1 cubic meters was already very practical. Usually, the capacity of a super-large tactical backpack was only 0.1 cubic meters.

He continued to expand.

Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain continued to expand.

0.2 cubic meters.

0.3 cubic meters.

Two hours later, when he activated the ability of the quantum dimensional chain and there were no more changes in the entire quantum dimensional chain space, Xu Tui knew that the so-called first development limit that Lei Xiang mentioned had arrived.

The size of the quantum dimensional chain space was proportional to the strength of the pioneer’s mind power and the ability of the quantum dimensional chain. @@novelbin@@

After reaching the limit of the first development, it would be all a painstaking process. He needed to continuously develop it every day and slowly increase it. If his strength increased greatly, it would also increase.

1.5 cubic meters.

The space of this quantum dimensional chain was already larger than Lei Xiang.

However, Xu Tui was a little displeased.

The bigger it was, the more things he could bring with him, and the greater the surprise he would give the enemy. The possibility of surviving in a dangerous situation would also be higher.

He thought about it. Since Lei Xiang said that this size was related to the degree of development of the quantum dimensional chain, Xu Tui might as well strengthen the six new genetic base points of the quantum dimensional chain.

In any case, he had enough Origin Crystals.

Six hours later, not only was the quantum dimensional chain genetic chain strengthened to Level 2 silver, but two of the genetic base points were also strengthened to Level 3 gold.

To be precise, there were a total of 13 genetic base points in the quantum dimensional chain. Now, nine of them have been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

...

He activated his ability again. The increase was not large.

Two cubic meters.

It was a space that was two meters tall and one meter wide.

Xu Tui was already very satisfied that he could have such a large space the moment he activated it. He tried to use it several times. It was very convenient.

It was more convenient and fast to retrieve and store things in his quantum dimensional chain space than in Lei Xiang’s quantum dimensional chain space.

Xu Tui thought about it and threw in some of the important things in his backpack, including the Origin Crystals, some Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloys and spiritual boxes. It greatly reduced his load.

Of course, he did not throw away his backpack.

He still kept it. Otherwise, he would be too different from others.

Xu Tui would put some good stuff in there when he returned to the Moon.

Should he get some nuclear bombs? Or flying swords?

Xu Tui’s imagination instantly ran wild.

...

When Xu Tui’s Dimensional Quantum Chain was officially developed, it was also the 59th day of the space invasion.

Everyone was eager to return.

The Huaxia Sector’s battle team, Taiyi, and the Haotian Special Forces had already begun to break down the ore-refining components of the base they were guarding and were prepared to bring them back.

The India Sector had already activated the main quantum beacon. The people and resources of the India Sector and the American Sector had already begun to return.

The value of the main, secondary, and backup quantum beacons was also reflected at this moment.

Only when the channel formed by the main quantum beacon was closed could the secondary quantum beacon be connected to the moon’s quantum channel to form a quantum channel.

The resources from the India Sector and the American Sector were expected to be teleported out in seven hours.

Seven hours later, the secondary quantum beacon of the Huaxia Sector suggested a temporary quantum transmission channel. At this moment, all the personnel around the main base were quietly waiting for time to pass. Of course, the vigilance was not relaxed.

There were still enemies on this planet.

As for the members of the Worldly Special Force, they had also stopped cultivating. They were about to return home. Everyone was no longer in the mood to cultivate.

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s communication device vibrated. An unfamiliar message was suddenly sent to him.

“I’m here. Commander Xu, receive me.” The other party sent the coordinates.

Xu Tui was a little confused. This was strange. However, pure strangers, especially on a strange planet like the resource planet, could not send Xu Tui a message.

“This is…” Suddenly, Xu Tui’s expression changed. He remembered who the person whose contact number was.

Yue Qiang!

Tian Suqing’s subordinate, Yue Qiang. He had added Xu Tui’s contact information on the moon. He had not seen Yue Qiang since he landed.

Thinking about the nature of Yue Gun’s work, he might have been in danger if he contacted him.

“I’ll set off immediately. It might take me about eight hours to reach your position.”

“Thank you, Commander Xu. Don’t make a fuss, but it’s best to bring some people over. It might be a little troublesome,” Yue Qiang replied.

“Alright, keep in touch.”

Five minutes later, Xu Tui handed the secondary quantum beacon to Zhu Lang. He brought six people and boarded the triangular flying saucer. They set off towards the location sent by Yue Qiang.

He had brought with him the strongest combat power in the Worldly Special Force. Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, Luo Murong, Yan Lie, Li Zheng, and Mu Xingluan.

They flew at full speed.

Xu Tui guessed that Yue Qiang might have found something. What would he find out? Did he find out about the traitor in the Huaxia Sector? Or a traitor within the Blue Star? Or something else?

During this time, Xu Tui maintained contact with Yue Qiang. Yue Qiang reported his coordinates every five minutes.

According to the coordinates, Yue Qiang was also moving at high speed. Under such circumstances, he would be able to receive Yue Qiang in less than four to five hours.

However, three hours and 35 minutes after Xu Tui set off, the frequency of communication between Xu Tui and Yue Qiang suddenly stopped.

“What’s going on? Answer me.”

Yue Qiang did not respond to Xu Tui. Instead, he sent a packet of data and a sentence, “Transfer it to Director Tian.”

“F*ck, what exactly happened? Did someone catch up to you? Who caught up to you?” Xu Tui roared in the private communication channel, but there was no reply. There was no more sound. “Accelerate! Accelerate!”

“Commander, it’s already the maximum speed of the triangular flying saucer,” Yan Lie said.

An indescribable sense of powerlessness welled up in Xu Tui’s heart. Distance and space had become an insurmountable gap.

Something must have happened to Yue Qiang. However, the journey of more than half an hour had become a miracle.

Twenty-seven minutes later, Xu Tui and the others appeared at the coordinates that Yue Qiang had reported.

It was empty. There was nothing unusual. Then, Xu Tui and the others began to search the surrounding 10 kilometers. They then continuously expanded the radius.

Two minutes later, Xu Tui and the others discovered a very fresh corpse 30 kilometers away from the last coordinates reported by Yue Qiang.

It was a charred corpse with twisted bones.

“The deceased should have suffered extremely cruel torture when he was alive. His bones were all broken. He only burned them after his bones were broken,” Yang Huai, who was extremely experienced in torture, said.

Xu Tui brought Yan Lie into the air and used Yan Lie’s Eagle Eye to see if he could discover anything.

Ten minutes later, they landed without any results.

“Let’s bring this corpse back and verify his identity first.” The interlude before he returned made Xu Tui’s mood extremely heavy.