Chapter 871 - 871 Overture And Fire Slip Attraction

871 Overture and Fire Slip Attraction

Xu Tui’s mind raced when he saw the intermediate colony that was used for communication light up. He had just taken out the communication disc when someone contacted Lei Xiang.

There was a high chance that the person who contacted Lei Xiang was either his family or the forward operating base. It was also because of this that Xu Tui hesitated for a moment but did not immediately remove the Origin Crystal.

“Lei Xiang?” A female voice suddenly came from the colony. It was very soft and crisp. It sounded like she was not old.

Xu Tui was silent and did not answer.

After the other party asked this question, they fell into a short silence.

“The Blue Star Humans?”

Xu Tui remained silent. He had been contacted by the enemy. Even though they were several planets away and the quantum teleportation channel had been destroyed, Xu Tui still felt a little uneasy.

The other party was silent for two breaths before she suddenly said, “Worldly, can we talk?”

Xu Tui raised his eyebrows when he heard that. The fact that the other party had accurately called out his code name meant that the other party already knew that Lei Xiang was captured by the Worldly Special Force.

Black Hole, this traitor, was really fast with his words!

“Who are you?” Xu Tui finally spoke.

Since they had met, there was no harm in chatting.

“I am Lei Qian, the second-in-command of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base and the deputy commander of the forward operating base.”

In the forward operating base, Lei Qian looked at the commander-in-chief, Lei Tian, who had rushed over after receiving his urgent notice. She slowly reported her identity to Xu Tui. This was also part of showing her sincerity.

“Have a chat and see if there’s any possibility of redeeming Lei Xiang,” Lei Tian said.

“Sir, where is the bottom line for our ransom?” Lei Qian asked.

“As long as the other party has the intention to negotiate, we can agree to any of his conditions. I’m just afraid that he won’t raise any conditions,” Lei Tian said.

Lei Qian was a little confused.

“As long as it’s a negotiation, as long as it’s a deal, there will be many opportunities! Perhaps it can even give me a good start to the war I started!” Lei Tian sneered.

The giant wheel of war had already begun to spin. The battle report that had an irrefutable reason to start the battle had already been sent to the Sanctuary.

The prologue of the war had already sounded. However, if he could trade for Lei Tian before the battle and even kill other things, Lei Tian would be very willing. After all, those who could participate in the space invasion were the elites of the elites.

“Worldly, we want to redeem Lei Xiang. We will try our best to satisfy you if you want anything, because Lord Lei Xiang is my blood relative!” Lei Qian found a reason to redeem Lei Xiang.

“How did you know that I’m Worldly?”

“I’ve communicated with you once before. Furthermore, we’ve confirmed from other sources that Worldly is very young. You also captured Lei Xiang,” Lei Qian said.

“Black Hole?”

Xu Tui’s words made Lei Qian silent. She did not answer immediately.

“I can release Lei Xiang, but I want to see your sincerity first! Who is Black Hole? Tell me. Not only do I want to know the specific identity of Black Hole, but I also want evidence of your transaction with Black Hole!” Xu Tui said.

The Eternal Special Forces belonged to the European Sector. They were different. Xu Tui did not feel much about it.

However, Xu Tui’s anger toward Black Hole was indescribable when he learned from Lei Xiang that the Eternal Special Combat Forces had been wiped out because of the betrayal of Black Hole.

What Xu Tui wanted to do the most now was to kill the traitor, Black Hole. This time, Black Hole could betray the location of the Eternal Special Combat Forces and cause them to be wiped out. Would such an encounter happen to the Huaxia Sector or the Worldly Special Force next time?

Similarly, Xu Tui’s words were also a test.

At the forward operating base, Lei Qian frowned slightly. It was not easy to respond to this. It was easy to give him the identity of Black Hole. They could even make up a story and let the Blue Star humans fight among themselves.

But if they were to trade for evidence, Black Hole had to be real. Not to mention that they were not too clear about the true identity of Black Hole.

“Promise him that you’ll give them all to him when he hands the person over!” Lei Tian said.

Lei Qian did as she was told.

Xu Tui sneered when he heard that. “Then there’s no value in discussing it. Bye!”

“Worldly, don’t break off. We are very sincere.”

“It’s useless to say that! You can’t even give me the first request I made just now. What sincerity are you talking about!”

“How about this, Worldly? Let us talk to Lei Xiang to confirm his safety…”

With a whoosh, the brilliance of the communication disk dissipated. It was Xu Tui who had dug out the Origin Crystals on it.

After a short exchange, Xu Tui could confirm that Lei Xiang was very important to them. However, Xu Tui did not dare to accept the offer even if the other party offered an astronomical price.

Unless Xu Tui was tired of living.

If the deal really went through and a Planetary realm powerhouse came, what would Xu Tui play?

If they really wanted to trade for Lei Xiang, they would get Cai Shaochu to bring a planetary-level powerhouse to talk to them after they returned to the moon.

Xu Tui casually threw the communication disk into his backpack and asked, “Tri Ling Ding, can you sense the aura of the guy who contacted me just now?”@@novelbin@@

“Yes! I can roughly sense the other party’s aura through the communication clone in your hand. The aura of the colony on the other side was very strong. It was very likely that it was a high-level colony that was specially used as a communication hub. It’s very far away from us,” Tri Ling Ding said.

“Can you determine the location?”

“It’s very blurry and far away. It’s basically impossible to judge.”

“You’re useless!”

Xu Tui’s casual words hurt Tri Ling Ding.

It was really too far away.

…

In the forward operating base, Lei Tian and Lei Qian, who had been hung up on, were analyzing the communication just now.

“Lord Lei Xiang is still alive.”

...

“But he might have confessed,” Lei Tian said.

“It’s been almost six days since the incident. It’s already very impressive that Lord Lei Xiang could last so long.”

Lei Tian let out a cold snort. “Since Worldly could take the Ling Clan’s colony, we can basically confirm that the things in Lei Tian’s quantum dimensional chain have been dug out. Then there’s a high chance that the quantum array core has also fallen into Worldly’s hands.”

Hearing this, Lei Qian’s pretty face froze. “So, the worst outcome has already happened?”

“No! Lei Tian shook his head. “My opinion is the opposite of yours. The worst outcome might not have happened.”

“Sir, didn’t you say that it’s very likely that Worldly has already obtained the quantum array core?” Lei Qian was puzzled.

“Then let me ask you. If your command communicator was picked up by a native of a primitive planet, what would they take it for?” Lei Zhu asked.

“A novel toy? A decoration, trash that can’t be eaten?” Lei Qian suddenly reacted. “Sir, do you mean that Worldly has obtained the quantum array core in Lord Lei Xiang’s hand, but he doesn’t know the importance and value of the quantum array core?”

“That’s very likely! A hundred years ago, when the Blue Star humans first seized the Origin Crystal, it took them three years to know the true use of the Origin Crystal,” Lei Tian said.

“Does that mean that we can fight this battle calmly?”

“Of course!” Lei Tian stood up, but he was clearly relieved. “Lei Xiang is valuable. They won’t kill him, but he will suffer. On the other hand, the quantum array core was not as dangerous in Worldly’s hands as before.

...

“If this thing fell into the hands of someone who did not have deep research into the quantum state, they would be trash. Worldly was only at the Genetic Mutation Realm with powerful combat strength. He definitely did not have any research attainments in this area. Do you think he’ll take this quantum array core back as trash or throw it away?”

“That’s possible, but we can’t rule out the possibility that he brought these things back to the moon and handed them over to their research institute!” Lei Qian said.

“That’s right, that’s true! However, we can play a few more tricks in the following battle. At that time, we would definitely give Worldly a huge surprise! I wonder if he can be as tough as he is now!”

Lei Tian sneered. Lei Qian was deep in thought. She already understood what Lei Tian meant.

…

In the cultivation hall of the first main base.

One lightning ball and six lightning pearls were considered the largest gains from Lei Xiang. The 500 grams of Origin Crystals that he received were nothing.

Xu Tui did not plan to distribute the lightning balls and lightning pearls. These things required mind power to be detonated. Not many people could use them, but the Origin Crystals were distributed on the spot. Of course, Yang Huai received an additional portion of the spoils.

Xu Tui was holding a spiritual box and a silver box. He had obtained a total of 19 spiritual boxes during this space invasion. He had also obtained two silver boxes from Lei Xiang.

According to Lei Xiang, this silver box was a purified spiritual box.

In theory, since Lei Xiang could directly absorb the power in the silver box, Xu Tui could do the same.

Of course, Xu Tui was no longer that reckless.

This silver box could strengthen the origin core and strengthen the spirit. When he returned, he would have to ask for the opinion of the two teachers or even study it with Principal Cai Shaochu before using it.

Now, Xu Tui only wanted to compare the difference between the two. His mental perception slowly entered. After three seconds, his perception passed through and his microscopic perception worked at the same time.

Almost instantly, an overwhelming aura appeared in front of Xu Tui’s mental perception. It surged toward him like a tidal wave.

Those were countless fragments of memories, emotions, and information.

Xu Tui’s face turned pale. He already knew how the spiritual box was made. It was to use a special device to seal the spirit of a humanoid lifeform or a spiritual embodiment into this spiritual box.

Then, he could roughly determine what was inside the purified silver box.

His mental perception landed in the silver box. He sensed an indescribably pure power inside. It was a little like mind power, but not.

It was pure and clean.

Xu Tui suddenly felt happy the moment he came into contact with the power in the silver box. This power gave Xu Tui a very comfortable feeling.

Xu Tui felt that every cell in his body welcomed this power. His mental body was the most active.

Even his mental senses became active. When he touched this power, Xu Tui felt as if he had been through a long drought.

It was extremely comfortable!

Instinctively, Xu Tui’s mind power passed through the box and came into contact with the pure power in the silver box. The moment he touched it, the pure power that only existed in his mental perception suddenly fused into his mental perception.

Xu Tui’s mental perception suddenly became much clearer.

At the same time, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind suddenly shone with a red light and emitted an inexplicable suction force. In an instant, the pure power in the silver box was sucked into Xu Tui’s body by the red fire slip. It rushed into Xu Tui’s mind with a cool feeling.

Xu Tui’s expression changed drastically.

This feeling of not being under his control was too terrible! Powerful mind power and willpower instantly erupted, directly severing the connection between mind power and the silver box.

The suction force of the red fire slip was instantly cut off.

At the same time, Xu Tui instantly entered the illusory introspective state to check on the condition of the red fire slip in his body.

However, the first thing he saw was the spiritual power in the silver box that had just been sucked into his body and sent to his head by the suction force of the red fire slip. Then, Xu Tui froze.

The red fire slip did not absorb a trace of spiritual power?