Chapter 876 - 876 Reconnaissance Direction And Quantity Of Resource (1)

876 Reconnaissance Direction and Quantity of Resource (1)

Although they could not confirm that the newly discovered charred corpse was Yue Qiang, there was a high chance that it was Yue Qiang.

There was no such coincidence.

Xu Tui used his mental perception to carefully sense the inside and outside of the charred corpse. If this person was Yue Qiang, then the person who killed Yue Qiang should be a fire-element superb individual.

There were very few auras left at the scene, including mind power fluctuations. It could be said that there were none. However, there were still some residual auras on Yue Qiang’s body, especially since Xu Tui and the others had rushed over very quickly. The remaining auras had not completely dissipated.

!!

The remaining mind power on Yue Qiang’s body was very pure. There was only one.

In other words, theoretically, there was only one person who killed Yue Qiang. There were no traces of intense battle in the surroundings. This meant that this person was very strong. He was extremely strong!

It had to be known that according to Tian Suqing’s introduction, Yue Qiang was an expert at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm. He had the strength to fight a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

The person who killed Yue Qiang could kill him in an extremely short period of time. This person definitely had the combat strength of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. His personal strength should be at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Fire-type supernatural being, peak-level Genetic Evolution Realm.

This was considered a direction of investigation. Of course, he could not rule out paying to kill! He could also do it with an Origin Crystal ability seal card made by a Planetary realm or quasi-Planetary realm.

However, if he really had to spend money to kill, the target range would be even smaller.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui had not learned much about traces, power trajectory, and aura classification. Zhu Lang should have someone who was proficient in these subjects.

Other than that, there was another extremely important factor.

Time node!

Today was the return day of this space invasion. At this moment, the temporary quantum teleportation channel that the India Sector had activated with the main quantum beacon would end in three hours.

Next, Xu Tui would hold the secondary quantum beacon for a maximum of 10 hours. It was estimated to last for nine hours.

Finally, there was the European Sector, which had a quantum beacon. They would activate the quantum beacon at the end to open the quantum teleportation channel. @@novelbin@@

The activation points of the three quantum beacons had already been confirmed and announced.

The Huaxia Sector’s main base was in Base 1, while the India Sector’s base was in Base 9, the European Sector’s Base 27.

Base 27 was a relatively complete base.

If these three points were drawn on the map, then, the Huaxia Sector is at the center, the India Sector was in the east, while the European Sector was in the west or even the extreme west.

The location of the incident with Yue Qiang was near Base 10. No matter who it was, their first priority today was to return. If he could not go back today, he would never be able to. Therefore, no matter how powerful the person who killed Yue Qiang was, he had to return through the quantum portal.

The starting point of the quantum portal to the European Sector was the distance between the east and the west.

The straight distance exceeded 13,000 kilometers. If he used the 500-kilometer-an-hour speed of the triangular flying saucer, it would take at least 26 hours to reach the location of the quantum portal in the European Sector.

According to the plan, the quantum portal in the European Sector would open in 12 hours at most and close after 10 hours at most.

At this distance, Yue Qiang’s murderer would not make it in time. In theory, the possibility that the murderer was from the European Sector was relatively low.

The closest to the location of the incident was the quantum portal that was opened at Base 9 in the India Sector. They would be able to rush over in two hours at most.

The quantum portal opened by the India Sector would close in three hours.

From this point, it was highly likely that the murderer of Yue Qiang had returned through the quantum teleportation portal that had been opened in the India Sector.

However, this did not mean that the murderer was from the India Sector.

At this moment of return, there were many battle teams and special forces using the quantum teleportation channel activated by the India Sector to leave.

A few days ago, the various alliances had already discussed the matter of return.

The India Sector’s battle teams and special forces would definitely all leave through the quantum teleportation channel they had activated. The battle teams and special forces of the America Sector would also leave through the quantum teleportation channel.

The Heavenly Dao Special Force of the Huaya Sector and Wand Special Force of the Africa Sector also left through the temporary quantum teleportation channel of Base 9.

This situation was a little complicated. The murderer of Yue Qiang was most likely from these battle teams and special forces. However, Xu Tui’s greatest suspicions were mainly focused on the America and India Sectors.

What did Yue Qiang find out?

“Commander, we can start with time,” Yang Huai suddenly said on the way back.

“Time?”

“If the murderer left through the quantum teleportation channel in the India Sector, he must have passed through the temporary quantum teleportation channel in the last period of time. There must be a record of the order of return on the Moon. Combined with other characteristics…” Yang Huai’s meaning was very clear. Xu Tui also understood.

This direction could greatly reduce the target range. Xu Tui had already let Ah Huang take a look at the data packet that Yue Qiang had sent him before he died.

It was all meaningless data. He probably needed to use a specific random and disorderly code book to break it. Only Tian Suqing could decipher the specific content.