Chapter 872 - 872 Little Ideal And Discovery In The Test

872 Little Ideal and Discovery in the Test

Under the illusory introspective state, Xu Tui could sense every wisp of spiritual power that was sucked into his body by the suction force of the Fire Slip.

Not a single strand of spiritual power flowed into the red fire slip that was actively absorbing it.

All of the spiritual power disappeared after it entered Xu Tui’s head. It was not that it was gone. It was just that Xu Tui could no longer sense it with his mental senses after it entered his head and gave him a cooling sensation.

Xu Tui felt that it had fused into his mental body.

!!

In just a minute, all the spiritual power that had entered his body was gone.

Xu Tui temporarily called the power in the spiritual box Spiritual Power. In his mind, the flames of the red fire slip that was the instigator also retracted. It became silent again and lay there motionless like an old dog.

Xu Tui’s mind power sank into it, but there was no movement. He was a little depressed.

Xu Tui still did not completely understand what the red fire slip was for. Previously, it would take 20% of the Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had absorbed during his cultivation. Xu Tui could use it to increase the explosive power of a certain power.

Today, the red fire slip was very interested in the power in the silver box. However, it did not absorb any of it when it was absorbed into its body.

Xu Tui did not understand.

Was it helping him? Or was the red fire slip conscious? Or was this just the instinct of the Red Fire Slip?

Xu Tui thought for a while but to no avail. He exited the illusory introspective state and checked the status of the silver box again.

This time, Xu Tui was very careful when he checked. The results were out after a slight comparison. Half of the silver box that had just been sucked was empty. The total amount of spiritual power inside was only half of what it was before.

In other words, Xu Tui had absorbed half of the power of the silver box just now.

However, the problem was that there did not seem to be any changes.

According to Lei Xiang, the power in the silver box could strengthen the origin core and the core of the mental body. It could increase one’s combat strength and be used to break through bottlenecks.

Lei Xiang was an expert infinitely close to the quasi-planetary realm. He could increase his strength even after using it. There was no reason for Xu Tui not to increase his strength after absorbing it.

He carefully sensed it a few times. The total amount of his mind power and the distance of his mental perception did not increase.

This confused Xu Tui.

Was the spiritual power in the silver box useless?

Xu Tui did not find anything useful after studying it for nearly an hour. He felt a little bored staying there, so he left the cultivation hall and prepared to go out for a test.

The second evolution was still ongoing, but this evolution was mainly on the fundamental level of the body.

For example, strength, speed, recovery ability, endurance, including vision, hearing, and so on. All aspects related to the fundamental qualities of the physical body were still continuing to evolve and improve.

For example, if Xu Tui used a knife to cut off a piece of meat of himself, as long as he did not move violently, the wound would automatically stop bleeding within a minute. It would scab over in two minutes. Five minutes later, it would not affect his normal movements.

This was the result of his rapidly increasing recovery ability.

The wound that had completely healed in seven days would recover in three days without any external interference.

For example, a fracture would take at least two months in the past without the intervention of drugs. Now, it will be completely healed in less than a month. With the intervention of drugs and superpowers, this recovery speed would be faster and the recovery time would be shorter.

This was only a characteristic of evolution after breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

The evolution of the fundamental level of life was comprehensive.

For example, the ability to detoxify, dispel, and resist cold and heat all had a basic enhancement.

Breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm actually increased the lowest limit of a human’s life state.

Therefore, for most people, the increase in their combat strength after breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm was not too great. Most people still needed to persevere in cultivating to increase their combat strength.

However, it was easy for Xu Tui now.

As long as he strengthened the other genetic ability chains to the true level-three genetic ability chain, he would be able to quickly increase his combat strength.

According to the genetic chain situation of Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, and the other Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators,

Xu Tui felt that if he strengthened most of the genetic ability chains in his body into Level 3 golden genetic ability chains, his combat strength might immediately reach the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Under normal circumstances, the main genetic ability chain of a Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator was a level-three golden genetic ability chain.

Moreover, most people only had golden chains in their Level 3 genetic ability chains. The genetic base points inside were still mainly silver. There were very few Level 3 golden genetic base points.

On Xu Tui’s side, as long as the chain was strengthened to gold, they would instantly reach their limits.

Xu Tui had come outside for his training test mainly because the next genetic ability chain that he wanted to strengthen to Level 3 was the mind power strength genetic ability chain.

The genetic ability chain of mind power strength was actually a secondary genetic ability chain. There were very few genetic base points, only five. Three of them overlapped with the Great Genetic Ability Chain of 72 points.

The other two were activated after An Xiaoxue injected Xu Tui with the genetic informational fluid of the Black-Crown Queen Bee.

The genetic ability chain of mind power strength did not have any actual combat abilities, but the meaning of actual combat was very important.

For example, it directly affected the strength of the mental shield.

Another example was that it directly affected Xu Tui’s speed in the air. It could also affect the weight of the item he was controlling to a certain extent.

The stronger the strength, the stronger the carrying capacity.

Xu Tui had specially come out for the test because he was flying on a sword.

After the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain officially broke through to Level 3, Xu Tui could barely fly on his sword. Currently, flying on a sword looked extraordinary, but it was actually very simple.

Using the flying sword as the core carrier, he used his mind power to expand into an invisible huge sword and then glided through the air.

It was a flying skateboard that was purely maintained and driven by mind power.

Xu Tui pondered for a long time. One was the rapid movement of his superpowers. It could be considered a double insurance for his movement speed.

In the future, even if there was a problem with the technology, he could still fly.

The other was flashy. A little dream of his!

Xu Tui had read all kinds of novels when he was young. He had always yearned for the scene of flying on a sword in an anime.

...

At that time, there was a handsome man, but he lacked a sword that could fly.

Today, the handsome man was still there, and there is a flying sword now.

Therefore, Xu Tui wanted to realize his small dream—flying on a sword.

Actually, he could already fly on a sword. But Xu Tui tried to calculate and realized that his speed could only reach about 50 kilometers per hour.

Most importantly, it could not last long.

After riding the flying sword for ten minutes, Xu Tui’s massive amount of mind power was about to run out.

He had to maintain the flying sword, accelerate, and maintain a high load. So his mind power was quickly depleted.

Before Xu Tui strengthened the secondary genetic ability chain of mind power strength to Level 3, he wanted to test the data and find a way to improve his cultivation for a more handsome way of flying sword in the future.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui, who was flying shakily on the flying sword, frowned slightly.

He had not even strengthened the secondary genetic ability chain of mind power to Level 3 gold, but his ability to fly on a sword seemed to have increased.

Whether it was the consumption of the acceleration of the flying sword or the consumption of the load, both had decreased. Not only had the controllable speed reached 75 kilometers per hour, but according to the speed of consumption just now, the flying time that his mind power could maintain seemed to be able to reach 20 minutes.

...

Xu Tui’s strength did not increase much in a day, other than the fact that he had absorbed a portion of the spiritual power in the silver box. He was puzzled. He was not in a hurry to strengthen the secondary genetic chain of mind power strength. Instead, he began to use his other abilities to see if there were any changes.

The first ability he tested was the most convenient Earth Spike.

In the wilderness, eight four-meter-long earth spikes suddenly rose with a bang.

Xu Tui was stunned.

The four-meter-long earth spike was too damn glaring. After he broke through the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain, the length of the earth spike that Xu Tui had tested was clearly three meters.

At this moment, the earth spikes were longer, thicker, and as cold as cold weapons.

If Xu Tui’s mental senses were not wrong, it had become even harder.

With a thought from Xu Tui, a 12-meter-wide mountain with a faint shadow suddenly materialized and blasted toward the ground.

The Mountain Formula dissipated.

Xu Tui froze again.

The ground sank by about 3.3 meters due to the Mountain Formula. @@novelbin@@

It had to be known that after Xu Tui broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm and used the power of the Red Fire Slip to increase his strength, the Mountain Formula only caused the ground to sink by a little more than three meters.

There were geological factors here.

However, Xu Tui had done the same test after his second evolution yesterday.

A few hundred meters away, a 2.6-meter deep pit appeared.

Over the course of a day and night, his strength did not increase much. However, the power of the main combat genetic ability chain had increased by 30 to 40%.

“Is the enhancement caused by the absorption of the spiritual power in the silver box?”

This was the only explanation Xu Tui could think of. If the enhancement was really because of the absorption of the spiritual power in the silver box, then this enhancement would be too terrifying!

Xu Tui’s strength had increased by 30 to 40% after he absorbed half of the power in the silver box.

What if he absorbed a few? Would his combat strength have doubled?

Xu Tui had the ability to kill ordinary Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivators before he absorbed the power of the silver box.

What if the spiritual power absorbed from the silver box doubled? What if he strengthened all the genetic ability chains in his body to Level 3 before his combat strength increased?

Even an ordinary Genetic Transmutation Realm expert would not be a match for Xu Tui.

If that was the case, Xu Tui would probably be able to protect himself soon. No matter which battlefield it was, Genetic Transmutation Realm experts were the main force.

It was actually very simple to verify if he would greatly increase his strength after absorbing the spiritual power in the silver box.

He could try again after absorbing it again.

Xu Tui had already absorbed half of the spiritual power in the silver box. There were no problems with his body. It should not be a problem for him to absorb another half. He absorbed the other half of the spiritual power in the silver box and tested it again. The results would be comparable immediately.

However, Xu Tui did not immediately begin to absorb it.

Instead, he began to use his other abilities again. He smashed the Mountain Formula more than ten times.

It was to obtain more accurate data.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui took out the remaining half of the silver box. The moment he spread out his mental perception, he actively probed it with his mind power and absorbed it.

What surprised Xu Tui was that the red fire slip did not move at all when he started to actively absorb the spiritual power in the silver box.

Xu Tui had actually left a portion of his mind power behind. He was nervously paying attention to the state of the red fire slip in his mind and studying the abnormal movements of this guy.

However, this time, when Xu Tui began to absorb the spiritual power, it did not move. It was as if it was sleeping.

Two minutes later, Xu Tui absorbed all of the spiritual power in the silver box. He started the test again after he sensed that the invisible and intangible spiritual power had fused into his mental body.