Chapter 883 - 883 Another Explosive News From Worldly

883 Another Explosive News From Worldly

The return day of the space invasion in 2138 was destined to be a tumultuous day.

The Huaxia Sector had obtained a large number of Mechanical Spirit Alloys and rare metal ingots. The total harvest of the India Sector and the American Sector was not even a fraction of the Huaxia Sector.

Fortunately, the Huaxia Sector took out a portion of it to exchange for resources. It could be considered to have stabilized. However, when the members of the Huaxia Sector’s battle team and special forces returned one after another, something happened that attracted the attention of the people in charge of the various sectors.

Captive!

The Huaxia Sector’s Worldly Special Force had actually returned to the moon with a captive.

Of course, captives were not rare.

The humans of the Blue Star had obtained many captives in the past hundred years.

For example, the original body of Tri Ling Ding, which was now acting as a full-frequency energy testing device on the moon, was also captured.

A hundred years ago, hundreds or thousands of captives of the Mechanical Spirit Clan, the Fission Clan, and the Dissimilate Clan were captured. These captives were also one of the root causes of the rapid advancement in science and technology and supernatural technology on the Blue Star.

Captives of the Spiritual Race were extremely rare. There had never been anyone who could bring it back to the moon alive.

This time, the Worldly Special Force had broken the record.

The heads of the various alliances began to communicate in private. The space invasion was a collective action led by the Blue Star Genetic Committee and organized by the six alliances.

Although the seized assets belonged to the various sectors, it was a fundamental principle to share intangible assets like captives, especially the information obtained from the captives of the space invasion.

However, the captive was obtained by the special forces of the Huaxia Sector.

Interrogation and supervision definitely had to be done in the Huaxia Sector. However, the interrogation of this captive in the Huaxia Sector had to be carried out under the effective gaze of the various sectors.

This was not a last-minute business.

These were the basic agreements of the various alliances during the space invasion.

Of course, based on the captive’s human stick appearance, which was the tragic state of Lei Xiang, they could confirm that he had definitely been interrogated before he arrived at the moon.

What the other alliances were most concerned about was the information they had obtained from the interrogation.

However, they only communicated in private and were not too nervous.

This was because the quantum teleportation channels that the special forces used to return could only teleport Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators at most.

This characteristic was very strong.

In other words, the Worldly Special Force had brought back a captive of the Spiritual Race at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

It was very valuable. Of course, this value could not be explosive.

A Spirit at the Genetic Evolution Realm was destined to not be a high-level member.

Whether it was the Blue Star Humans, the Mechanical Spirit Clan, the Fission Clan, the Dissimilate Clan, or the Spiritual Race, among these known extraterrestrial species, the ones who held power or could have important information about resources were all at least at the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

As a result, bringing back a living Spirit captive caused a commotion, but not an uproar.

Of course, it was very simple to bring him back. Under multiple insurances, Lei Xiang did not have the determination to die generously.

The people in charge of the various sectors did not expect that Lei Xiang that they had captured was a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert or a relative of the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

It was not just the people in charge of the other alliances. Even Wei Bin and Cai Shaochu from the Huaxia Sector had not thought of this.

They only felt that the Worldly Special Force had surprised them again.

A Spirit at the Genetic Evolution Realm would be able to unearth greater value if they were lucky.

However, an accident happened a minute after Lei Xiang was taken away.

The deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, was the first to smile and say, “The captive of the Spiritual Race is really a good harvest.

“Gentlemen, I suggest that we immediately organize the top interrogation experts to interrogate the captive of the Spirit Race, especially the interrogation experts who are good at mind control. I just received news that Mr. Tomis, a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse in the direction of the mind control of our American Sector, is on his way back to the moon.

“His abilities in the School of Radiation Influence could definitely be ranked in the top five or even the top three on the Blue Star. I suggest that he be the deputy team leader of the interrogation. Of course, the leader of the interrogation team will definitely be from the Huaxia Sector,” Maiponeo took the initiative to say.

To be honest, this suggestion seemed very suitable on the surface.

The team leader was from the Huaxia Sector. However, there was a key point. Whoever led the spiritual interrogation of the School of Radiation Influence would be able to obtain the greatest amount of information.

For example, the Spiritual Radiation ability could sense a portion of the subconscious images of the victim. Only the caster would know what they saw and discovered.

Wei Bin looked at Cai Shaochu and did not refuse or object.

From the looks of it, the captive must have been interrogated. It was an extremely harsh interrogation. Then, how many valuable things had he taken out previously would be a reference for Wei Bin to make a decision.

As an extraterrestrial partner, Cai Shaochu already understood what Wei Bin wanted him to do with a look.

Communication!

He communicated with the person-in-charge of the Worldly Special Force, Xu Tui, and the others. He confirmed the condition of the captives.

At this moment, the members of the Worldly Special Force who had just returned, including the captive Lei Xiang, were all on the other side of the three-dimensional eco-defense barrier. They could not communicate directly in public.

Cai Shaochu became a cheat-like existence.

“Xu Tui, tell me about this captive. You don’t have to say anything. Just think about it in your mind and I’ll know.” Cai Shaochu communicated with Xu Tui, who had just returned.

Xu Tui, who was standing on the other side of the ecological defense barrier, blinked. He was a little confused.

Damn it, had Old Cai finally revealed his terrifying fangs? So powerful? Old Cai could tell what he was thinking! Could he not be so abnormal! Could anyone have any privacy?

Xu Tui was deep in thought when Cai Shaochu, who was far away, suddenly frowned. He communicated with Xu Tui telepathically again, “Time is tight. Let’s cooperate. Don’t think about nonsense. Just think about the answer.”

Xu Tui blinked and nodded from afar. At the same time, he began to think hard about the answer. He had really used a lot of force.

However, 30 seconds later, Old Cai frowned again. “Are you serious? Be more serious and use more force. Otherwise, the information I sense will be too fragmented.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He had really used too much force. He thought about the answer very intently.

In terms of mind power, the only way to exert force was to focus! However, Cai Shaochu still frowned, saying that he could not sense it clearly.

...

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. A hint of surprise appeared at the corner of his lips. Could it be that Old Cai could no longer sense his thoughts with his current mind power? Or was there another reason?

“Principal Cai, I’m thinking about the answer very intently,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu was stunned. “Your mind power can already defend against my mental perception? Even if you broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, it’s impossible, right?”

Cai Shaochu suddenly reacted when he heard Xu Tui’s voice in his consciousness. “Come, let’s communicate directly. Why are you going through so much trouble?”

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu communicated through the three-dimensional ecological defense barrier. Cai Shaochu had a relaxed expression during the communication, but his gaze had become extremely solemn.

Especially after knowing the identity of Lei Xiang, the corner of his mouth could not help but twitch.

Cai Shaochu had thought that the Mechanical Spirit Alloy and the rare metal ingot had already been brought to them by the Worldly Special Force was great enough. He did not expect that this human captive who looked very miserable in the end was the f*cking king! @@novelbin@@

It was really explosive news!

He was a high-ranking member of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division who had been sealed when he reached the Genetic Transmutation Realm and was breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm. He was also the nephew of the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Tian. He was also the second-in-command of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

What the f*ck? If his identity was announced, it would be a bomb!

“Very good. You guys did very well.” The corner of his mouth twitched slightly. Cai Shaochu quickly asked, “Did you keep it a secret? How many people know his true identity?” After saying that, Cai Shaochu added, “I’m not being petty by asking this. The other alliances can drink soup if they want to, but we have to eat meat first!”

...

He had no choice. He, Old Cai, was such an honest person. He was a loyal follower of the Huaxia Sector’s highest interests.

Xu Tui thought for a moment. The word petty seemed to be very appropriate for Old Cai.

Of course, he was being petty to everyone outside the Huaxia Sector.

“There are people who know that we captured Lei Xiang, but no one should know the specific identity of Lei Xiang, such as the vice-chairman of the staff.

“But the traitor Black Hole might know,” Xu Tui said.

“Traitor Black Hole?”

Almost at the same time that Cai Shaochu frowned, Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, also spoke with a smile. “Mr. Rotamund, a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse from our India Sector, has just returned to the Blue Star recently. He is extremely accomplished in the School of Radiation Influence. I suggest that our Mr. Rotamund become the deputy team leader of the interrogation team. Of course, the team leader will definitely be from the Huaxia Sector.”

As soon as he said that, Maiponeo looked deeply at Nilab. Nilab smiled in response.

“Our quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, Mikichenko, is also extremely proficient in spiritual interrogation. I suggest that our quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, Mikichenko, be the deputy team leader of the interrogation team. Of course, the team leader will definitely be someone from the Huaxia Sector,” the person-in-charge of the Russian Federation, Plesian, said expressionlessly.

As soon as these words were spoken, the people in charge of the European Sector and the Africa Sector also smelled something. Clearly, this captive might be unusual. They all recommended the deputy team leader and fought for the main task of the interrogation.

It was also at this moment that Cai Shaochu and Wei Bin finished exchanging the important information they had obtained from Xu Tui.

As the person-in-charge of the Huaxia Sector, Wei Bin’s decisiveness and wisdom were also displayed at this moment.

“Regarding the interrogation of this captive, Principal Cai Shaochu will be in charge of the Huaxia Sector. Yes, those of you who want to participate in the trial in the other alliances, report a list.

“Based on principle, there could not be more than one person participating in the joint investigation. As for the other rules, you have to discuss them in 12 hours. After all, even the interrogation has to be completed after 12 hours of eco-isolation.”

Wei Bin smiled and made the final decision. Then, the Huaxia Sector participants who had just returned began to walk into the Ecological Defense Elimination Center in an orderly manner. The return of the European Sector’s members began.

A few minutes later, Cai Shaochu left silently.