Chapter 880 - 880 Resonance Abnormality (1)

880 Resonance Abnormality (1)

In the open space in front of the first main base, Lei Xiang was placed upright on the ground. He was surrounded by the members of the Worldly Special Force and frowning as he thought hard.

It had to be said that the Spiritual Race was really tall. Even without his legs, Lei Xiang was almost as tall as Mu Xingluan.

After waiting for about five minutes, Xu Tui suddenly looked at Yang Huai before Lei Xiang could speak.

“Forget it. Bring the corpse back and hand it over to the research institute for research. Old Yang, do it quickly. Also, release two large buckets of Lei Xiang’s blood and store it in a vacuum. It might be useful to the research institute.” Xu Tui turned to leave after he finished speaking.

Yang Huai rolled up his sleeves and shouted at Cui Xi, “Old Cui, give me a few vacuum storage bags so that I can store the blood.”

“Right away.”

Cui Xi’s straightforward answer made Lei Xiang panic. He had suffered so much and had barely survived. What was the matter if he was turned into a corpse and pulled back to the Blue Star and Moon?

If he really wanted to die, he would have to endure it to the end.

“No, no, no. I… I’ve thought of it.” Lei Xiang shouted at Xu Tui’s back.

Over the past few days, he had long known that Xu Tui was the one in charge.

Xu Tui turned around and smiled at the sweating Lei Xiang. He bared his teeth and said, “I told you not to trouble yourself if you have no choice. It’s more convenient to bring the corpse back.”

“It’s no trouble at all, no trouble at all.”

Lei Xiang broke out in a cold sweat as he stole a glance at Yang Huai, who was holding his saber. He was really afraid of Yang Huai. The way this fellow rolled up his sleeves just now was very similar to some massacres in the Spiritual Race. They even wanted to let out blood. This was simply…

Fortunately, he no longer had any legs. Otherwise, his legs would definitely have gone limp.

“Tell me. I’m listening. I’ll bring you back when it’s easy to operate. The research institute probably won’t be willing to kill you. If it’s not easy to operate, I can only bring a corpse back. I just want to go home immediately. I don’t want to talk about anything else,” Xu Tui said.

“It’s not troublesome. It’s simple,” Lei Xiang quickly said.

After being infinitely close to death, the fear of death would multiply.

“How about this? If you bleed me out by more than 40%, I will fall into an extremely weak state,” Lei Xiang said. @@novelbin@@

“That shouldn’t do, right? Bloodletting will cause you to fall into an extremely weak state. It will reduce your mind power and lightning-type supernatural power to a certain extent, but at most, it will reduce by 40 to 50%.

“The temporary quantum portal that we established could at most pass through the power fluctuations of the Genetic Evolution Realm.

“With the fluctuations of your power that are infinitely close to that of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, even if you were to faint, the remaining power fluctuations in your body would still be at the level of a Genetic Transmutation Realm powerhouse,” Xu Tui analyzed.

“I know, but this is only the first step,” Lei Xiang said.

“What about the second step?”

“The second step is to remove the shielding nails and helmets on my head. Give me ten minutes and I’ll consume more than 70% to 80% of the remaining mind power and supernatural power in my body. At that time, you can successfully bring me through this quantum portal,” Lei Xiang said.

“Hah!” Xu Tui looked at Lei Xiang as if he was looking at an idiot. Who would believe him? “Alright, cut the crap. Bring the corpse back!”

Xu Tui waved his hand and turned to leave. Yang Huai’s small blunt knife instantly touched Lei Xiang’s neck artery. There was a bone-jarring sound. Lei Xiang’s skin was quite strong.

Cui Xi had already attached the vacuum compressed water bag to Lei Xiang’s neck. A large amount of blood surged into the water bag.

All the color on Lei Xiang’s face instantly faded. In the next moment, Lei Xiang roared at Xu Tui hysterically, “Really! I definitely don’t have any thoughts. I just want to live. I promise that I will not attack you! I promise! I swear on the ancestors of my race! I promise!”

Not far away, Xu Tui only sneered when he heard these so-called promises. He was leaving and going home. There was no need to take the risk. If an expert like Lei Xiang really flew into a rage, a few people might die.

He could just kill him and bring his corpse home.

Lei Xiang was stunned!

He was really stunned!

The method he mentioned really worked.

“I’ll change the bag.”

A vacuum compressed water bag was filled. Cui Xi changed it.

As the blood in Lei Xiang’s body decreased, the speed at which the blood gushed out of his arteries slowed down. Yang Huai began to extract blood from Lei Xiang like a pig being slaughtered.

That force and the growing coldness in his body made Lei Xiang extremely afraid.

If this continues, he would really die!

He was really going to die here!

No!

He was Lei Xiang! He was the pride of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division. How could he die here in humiliation?

He had survived the previous difficulties. As long as he followed this group of people back to the Moon and came into contact with more Blue Star people, he would have plenty of opportunities.

There were many differences among the Blue Star people. Moreover, his uncle and his clansmen might be rescuing him.

He could not die like this!

In just an instant, the last bit of defense in Lei Xiang’s heart was destroyed. No matter what breakthrough development the Blue Star humans could obtain that would pose a threat to the Spiritual Race, the most important thing now was to survive!

Otherwise, it would be useless!

“Stop, stop! I’ll use the second method!”

Xu Tui ignored him. Yang Huai continued to bleed.

Lei Xiang was really flustered. “I really have a second method. It’s related to the quantum portal!” Lei Xiang roared desperately.