Chapter 888 - 888 Huaxia Sector’S Reward And Homecoming

888 Huaxia Sector’s Reward and Homecoming

Blue Star Extraterrestrial Command.

Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the commander-in-chief of the extraterrestrial, sat at one end of the long conference table. On the other end of the table was Cai Shaochu, who had a gloomy expression.

This was an emergency safety meeting that Cai Shaochu had called in the name of the team leader of the Moon Guards.

There was only one topic for the meeting: to scold the America Sector and the India Sector. More accurately, it was to scold Itavi and Haren, who had left at the same time during the defense.

!!

Of course, neither of these two people came. The ones who came were the deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, and the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, Nilab.

Their meeting mission today was to get scolded. They were scolded on behalf of Itavi and Haren.

In the hundred years since the Great Genetic Era began, the right to speak and the will of a Planetary realm powerhouse had become stronger and stronger.

The tolerance of the Genetic Committees of the various sectors for the personal actions of Planetary realm powerhouses also increased. As long as it was not a matter of principle, they would not take it seriously.

The reason why this emergency security meeting could be held today was mainly because Cai Shaochu, a Planetary realm powerhouse, had spoken.

Otherwise, it would not have started.

Of course, while everyone was scolding them, they also felt that Cai Shaochu was making a mountain out of a molehill.

The two guards had been away for more than ten days. What major problem could there be? Ever since they chased the alien invaders out of the moon more than 60 years ago, the alien invaders had not launched another attack on the moon.

Up until now, the various alliances had been very self-aware of the Moon’s defense system.

Of course, the battle on Mars was also a factor.

Cai Shaochu was also helpless when he saw the people in charge of the various small alliances criticize the boldness of the India Sector and the American Sector.

Currently, the binding power within the six alliances of the Blue Star stopped here. Especially when it involved a special group of Planetary realm powerhouses.

“Guarding the moon is not a matter for the Huaxia Sector alone. It’s for the Blue Star and the long-term peace of the six alliances. If the moon was there, the Blue Star was there. Once something went wrong with the Moon, it would trigger a series of catastrophic consequences for the Blue Star.

“If anything happens to the moon while Itavi and Haren are away, the India Sector and the American Sector will take full responsibility!” Cai Shaochu slammed the table and shouted angrily.

“Since the people from the India Sector and the American Sector are still not correcting the rules after taking the lead to violate the rules, I think that the people and affairs of these two sectors will have to accept the punishment according to the rules!”

Wei Bin suddenly said, “For example, the order of entry and exit of the interstellar port. The order of entry and exit of all spaceships in the America and India Sectors is 24 hours behind. Including the projects jointly conducted by the other six alliances, these two alliances will also be temporarily delayed or even kicked out…”

As soon as Wei Bin said this, these substantive suggestions made the people in charge of the Russian Federation, the Africa Sector, and the European Sector agree.

That was a good suggestion. It was beneficial to everyone.

Only then did Nilab and Maiponeo become a little anxious. They quickly expressed their stance. They were already in the process of correcting the situation. The two planetary-level powerhouses were also in contact. There were already remedies in place.

In any case, it was just empty words.

“The Blue Star and the Moon belong to the six major sectors. Only by working together can the Moon and the Blue Star be as stable as Mount Tai. Only then will the humans of the Blue Star have the chance to explore the endless starry sky!”

Wei Bin summarized the situation calmly and did not mention the issue of sanctioning the two sectors again. What he wanted was the attitude and warning of the India Sector and the American Sector.

As for the punishment, it was a little sensitive because it involved planetary-level powerhouses from the America and India Sectors. If it did not turn out well, it would become an internal strife. He knew when to stop.

The warning was the theme.

An emergency safety meeting initiated by Cai Shaochu ended just like that.

Cai Shaochu’s original intention was to warn and stop such behavior in the future. After that, he plunged into the laboratory.

Xu Tui had brought him two treasures. He had to study the quantum array core and the spiritual box himself. As long as he produced some results, it would be an epoch-making breakthrough.

Therefore, after the meeting, Cai Shaochu plunged into the research institute.

As for the other equipment brought by the Worldly Special Force, the system of the Ore Refinement Control Center had been assigned to various research institutes.

Of course, contribution points were also being urgently calculated.

A day later, on the afternoon of October 3, 2138, all the returning members of the Huaxia Sector completed the testing and sanitation of the Ecological Defense Center and left.

They had officially returned.

Next, the Huaxia Sector would settle their battle results and take a break. Vacation was a must after returning from a battle. However, there was a small accident when they left the eco-defense center.

The members of the Haotian Special Force had a conflict with the Special Intelligence Division staff who had come to capture them.

The Special Intelligence Division staff caused a conflict when they were about to take away a member of the Haotian Special Forces named Liu Jin.

A group of comrades who had experienced life and death could not stand the way the Special Intelligence Division brought people to investigate the moment they arrived. There was a small-scale conflict.

In the end, Tian Suqing, the director of the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division, personally arrived.

Tian Suqing’s wrist was very powerful. When she arrived, she immediately called Ruan Da, the commander of the Haotian Special Forces, to the side and showed him something.

Ruan Da was immediately stunned. “Really?”

“Our Special Intelligence Division is also a warrior from the Huaxia Sector. Why would we take away a warrior who had just returned from the battle for no reason? This information was exchanged with the life of the staff of the Special Intelligence Division.” Tian Suqing was very serious.

A few minutes later, Ruan Da waved his hand. The warrior named Liu Jin was taken away by the staff of the Special Intelligence Division.

Xu Tui frowned.

Xu Tui handed everything over to Tian Suqing, including Yue Qiang’s corpse, as soon as he returned to the moon. However, from the looks of the Special Intelligence Division, Yue Qiang had investigated the traitor from the Huaxia Sector?

Not the traitor Black Hole of the Blue Star humans? Then why was Yue Qiang killed?

With this doubt, the members of the Huaxia Special Force walked into their respective sub-venues.

The administrative efficiency nowadays was extremely high. Especially when it came to war, it could be said to be extremely fast.

The resources that the soldiers at the frontline had risked their lives to obtain after going to a foreign planet for two months had all been handed over to the warehouse. If the reward was delayed any longer, who would risk their lives like this?

Therefore, the six alliances acted very quickly.

The participants started to settle the scores after they came out of the Ecological Defense Center. The person in charge of settling the bill for the Worldly Special Force was a colonel from the logistics department. Zhu Lang was sitting with him.

Basically, there was nothing to be confused about. It was all dry goods and numbers. @@novelbin@@

...

At least in the Huaxia Sector, no one dared to touch the military resources. They would chop up anyone who stretched out their hand!

“Everyone, we have obtained 4,800 Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy and 460 Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

“There are 59,000 rare metal ingots, and 6,800 metal ingots that had disappeared from the Blue Star. Other than that, the Huaxia Sector Battle Team, the Taiyi Special Force, the Haotian Special Force, the Russian Federation, the Africa Sector Battle Team, and the Heavenly Dao Special Forces would give 10% to 20% of the profits from the metal ingots distributed to the Worldly Special Force according to the trading agreement.

“The current total is 16,400 pieces. Commander Xu Tui, there shouldn’t be a problem with this amount, right?” The senior colonel from the logistics department smiled.

“No problem.”

These were all clear when he came. There were no problems.

“Okay, according to the agreement between the Huaxia Extraterrestrial Command and the warriors, an ingot of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy is rewarded with 10 grams of Origin Crystals, a Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy is rewarded with 50 grams of Origin Crystals, an ingot of various rare metals is rewarded with 1 gram of Origin Crystals, and a metal ingot that had disappeared is rewarded with 1.5 grams of Origin Crystals.”

Although they already knew the price, many members had complicated expressions when they heard the price. That was because this price was much lower than the market price.

For example, a Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy that weighed a standard 100 kilograms could be sold for 20 grams or even 30 grams of Origin Crystals on the market. The price here was only 10 grams.

The colonel from the logistics department was not surprised by this. Instead, he smiled and explained, “Does everyone think that the price of this reward is a little low? What I want to clarify is that the resources of the Huaxia Sector are helping you prepare for the space invasion.

“Quantum beacon, guaranteed departure, fully automated engineering robots. The total price of the resources released during the battle was a sky-high price. In the past, we had made a loss. However, thanks to the Worldly Special Force this year, we earned a sum of money this year. The higher-ups will probably give you additional rewards. Let’s settle this portion first.”

...

Actually, most people understood this.

The seizure was obtained by the Worldly Special Force, but it would not be possible without the support of the Huaxia Sector.

The thoughts in other people’s minds dissipated.

In the end, the Origin Crystals given to the Worldly Special Force reached an astonishing 156,600 grams. It was almost 160,000!

Everyone was stunned when they heard the final number. They all looked at Xu Tui.

Commander Xu Tui had said that the real bulk of the income was actually the seized goods. At that time, they had thought that there would be a lot. However, they did not expect it to be 150,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

Moreover, this was purely the rewards for seized goods. Based on the ratio per person, each person would earn at least 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui also smiled. He had thought that the official reward promise might be discounted in the face of such a large number of spoils. He had thought that he would accept it even if he had to give a discount.

This was because in the past, the total harvest of a special force was only 10,000 to 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

But that was with Haotian as an example where there were hundreds of people. However, there were only 11 people in Worldly.

Xu Tui did not expect that he would cash out everything. A cheque was issued on the spot. He was inexplicably happy!

“Other than that, we also seized the equipment, control systems, ecological planting systems in extreme environments, and so on from the other ores refinement centers.

“The Huaxia Sector has also made a unified accounting. All of them will be rewarded with contribution points and distributed according to the contribution reported by the Worldly Special Force.

“Other than that, Principal Cai said that he would have other arrangements for the special contributions of the Worldly Special Force in the future. Now, you will be greeted with a relaxing vacation.

“Four sky fighter jets are already on standby at the spaceport. Those who wanted to return to the Blue Star could be activated at any time.

“You can directly use the Aerospace Combat Jet. This is also a special treatment for the members of the Worldly Special Force. It is a commendation for the huge contributions of the members of the Worldly Special Force! The lieutenant general personally gave the order!”

“Hahaha, a private jet! I have a private jet too!” Cui Xi was the first to let himself go.

After the battle ended, especially the members of the Worldly Special Force who had just died dozens of times at Cai Shaochu’s hands, everyone wanted to go home at this moment! They would go home to take a look and rest. They could only completely relax when they returned to their hometown, the Blue Star.

Everyone only had one hometown!

“Alright, let’s all go home. However, before we go home, we should split some Origin Crystals and bring them along. Don’t slack off in your cultivation!”

An hour later, Xu Tui received his Origin Crystals and distributed 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals to each member. They then boarded the private jet and prepared to return to the Blue Star.

As for the rest, they would subdivide them when he returned. He would go home first! While they were waiting for the plane to take off, the communication device of the members of the Worldly Special Force began to beep non-stop.

It was the contribution points awarded by the Huaxia Sector. Their individual rights levels soared like a rocket.

Xu Tui also received it. However, before he could take a look, Xu Tui received a call from Tian Suqing, the director of the Special Intelligence Division.