Chapter 881 - 881 Resonance Abnormality (2)

881 Resonance Abnormality (2)

Xu Tui, who had turned around, had a stunned expression. He quickly walked in front of Lei Xiang and slapped him. “F*ck, you really held back?”

Xu Tui was very surprised.

Yang Huai was also very surprised.

They had already interrogated him to such an extent. Both Xu Tui and Yang Huai felt that Lei Xiang should have revealed all his secrets. They did not expect there to be more.

And it was related to the quantum portal.

“You didn’t ask…” Lei Xiang replied weakly. The feeling of being bled was too uncomfortable. “Stop first. I feel like I can’t take it anymore.”

Xu Tui waved his hand. Yang Huai restrained Lei Xiang and stopped the bleeding. Li Zheng immediately went forward and treated Lei Xiang. Xu Tui then said, “Tell me. Don’t play any tricks. You don’t have a chance to squander anymore. If you hold back any longer, I’ll bleed you dry. There is no emergency equipment or blood transfusions for you here.”

“Yes, yes, yes. I’ll tell you! Quantum array core. I have a quantum array core. After installing it into the temporary quantum portal, it can increase the strength of the quantum portal by one level. Then, I can pass through as a Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivator.” Lei Xiang panted heavily.

Xu Tui froze.

His first reaction was to look around. There was no one else within a 100-meter radius except for the members of the Worldly Special Force.

In an instant, Xu Tui realized the value of the quantum array core. If he had this, he would be able to use Genetic Transmutation Realm experts to lead the team in the future.

Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could travel between Mars and the moon at any time.

The meaning was self-evident.

“Where is the quantum array core?”

“It’s with you.”

Lei Xiang’s words stunned Xu Tui. “That’s impossible, right? Didn’t you recognize everything that I didn’t know? There’s nothing called a quantum array core?”

“It’s the ancient fossil artifact I was talking about,” Lei Xiang replied, panting.

Xu Tui froze. He took out the palm-sized jade board that he had sensed earlier. When he first obtained this thing, Xu Tui had taken another look because its shape was a little similar to the Red Fire Slip.

However, he did not mind. He did not recognize this thing.

Later on, he specially interrogated Lei Xiang about what it was. Lei Xiang told him that it was an ancient fossil that he had accidentally obtained and had turned into a handicraft. It was a unique type and was quite valuable to collect.

Coupled with the fact that the cultivation and learning missions had been quite heavy recently, he had not even completed a third of the mission that Principal Cai had assigned him.

He did not expect to be tricked by this kid.

Xu Tui slapped Lei Xiang’s face hard. He kicked Lei Xiang to the ground. “You’re still playing mind games with me. Get him! Kill him and be done with it!”

Yang Huai chuckled. The small knife immediately went up. Lei Xiang had already roared shrilly, “Really, I’m serious! Absolutely!

“Put it into the quantum teleportation channel and activate it with 100 grams of Origin Crystals. If you place 10 times the number of Origin Crystals, you can permanently upgrade the quantum teleportation channel.” Lei Xiang roared! @@novelbin@@

“I can’t trust you. What if this thing explodes if I let it into the temporary quantum teleportation channel that we activate? If it explodes, we won’t be able to return at all!”

“No! In that case, I won’t be able to live either. I want to live. I don’t want to die! It definitely won’t explode.” Lei Xiang, whose face was covered in blood, was anxious.

Xu Tui spread out his hands to express his distrust.

“You can sense it with your mind, right? If you can, use a gram of Origin Crystal to guide and fuse with it. You can sense the internal structure and level of the quantum array core. As long as you have a little knowledge, you will be able to discover that this quantum array core really strengthens the characteristics of the quantum entanglement state and the superposition state.” Lei Xiang was anxious. He no longer cared about any secrets. He just wanted to save his life!

He had to survive! He had to make Xu Tui believe him.

Xu Tui frowned and gestured for Yang Huai to stop for the time being.

“One gram of Origin Crystal to guide the fusion?”

“Use your mental perception to sense. The quantum array core is actually three-dimensional. In the middle of the quantum array core, there is a quantum vortex that guides Origin Energy there. You could sense it.

“At the same time, when using it, you have to guide a large amount of Origin Energy into the quantum vortex of the quantum array core to strengthen the quantum teleportation channel.”

Lei Xiang no longer had any worries. In order to save his life, he told him how to use it.

“Is this thing a one-time use item or can it be used repeatedly?” Xu Tui asked a crucial question.

“If it is completely activated, it will be a one-time use. If more than 100 grams of Origin Crystals are guided into it at once, it will be completely activated and consumed. A small amount would not affect it,” Lei Xiang replied readily.

“Watch him.”

Xu Tui stared at Lei Xiang and took out a gram of Origin Crystal. Xu Tui had wondered if this thing would destroy the quantum teleportation channel just now. He was not trying to scare Lei Xiang. He was really worried.

Xu Tui did not dare to use something that had not been verified to strengthen the quantum teleportation channel.

There could not be any problems with the only way home now!

“Hailong, help me guard it. I’ll try.”

Xu Tui gave his instructions. He first carefully sensed the quantum array core. He did see the structure and characteristics mentioned by Lei Xiang. He carefully used his mind power to draw out the energy in one gram of Origin Crystals into the quantum array core.

In an instant, the ordinary quantum array core seemed to have been activated. It became extremely deep in his mental perception.

It was like endless space. But there were two points that shone in the endless space.

One dot flashed, and the other did the same.

Quantum entanglement state!

The moment his mind power sank into it, Xu Tui suddenly realized that the genetic ability chain related to the quantum entanglement state in his mind had started to flicker.

An indescribable resonance appeared between Xu Tui and the quantum array core.

Xu Tui sensed that as the array core was temporarily activated, the genetic ability chain of the quantum entanglement state instantly began to resonate on a large scale.

It was not just the entire genetic ability chain in the quantum entanglement state that was resonating. Under the illusory introspection, the quantum entanglement genetic ability chain led to a large number of genetic base points resonating.

Xu Tui could not see it clearly even with his illusory introspection.

A large number of genetic base points flickered with white light.

Xu Tui understood what this meant. The benefits would be unimaginable if he could understand it.

...

He immediately took out an Origin Crystal and absorbed it. Once there was more energy in his body, these genetic base points that were resonated would absorb energy due to the stimulation.

As long as he absorbed energy, there would be a trajectory. Xu Tui would be able to remember these genetic base points.

The moment the energy entered his body, a portion of the energy surged towards the unknown genetic base point in the resonance.

After obtaining the energy replenishment, the resonance of hundreds of unknown genetic base points strengthened at the same time. Under the illusory introspection, it also became slightly clearer.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui felt as if his head had been smashed by a hammer.

Blood spurted out of his seven orifices and he fell to the ground.