Chapter 885 - 885 A Few More Deaths And A Notification Letter

885 A Few More Deaths and a Notification Letter

In an isolated hall in the Moon’s eco-defense center, the members of the Worldly Special Force were all standing in a standard posture. They looked at the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, Cai Shaochu, with reverence.

These people had seen Cai Shaochu countless times, but they had only seen him from afar or on the news. This was the first time they had seen him up close.

Of course, Xu Tui was the exception. He was standing loosely and muttering about what the punishment would be.

Would there really be a punishment?

“This time, your Worldly Special Force can be said to be brilliant. Your contributions will be remembered by the people of the Huaxia Sector, history, and the future. There would definitely be commendations and rewards. However, I personally want to express my gratitude for your contributions. Your contributions this time might be historic! As an ordinary citizen of the Huaxia Sector, I thank you!”

Cai Shaochu instantly stood upright. He placed his hands on the outside of his thighs and bowed 90 degrees to the members of the Worldly Special Force.

In an instant, the members of the Worldly Special Force panicked. They did not know how to deal with it. A Planetary realm powerhouse bowing to them. What was he trying to do?

Xu Tui, who was standing loosely, was also a little confused by Cai Shaochu’s sudden bow.

This old man’s actions were a little unexpected. The atmosphere instantly became a little serious because of Old Cai. Xu Tui had to do something. The old man’s 90-degree waist was still bent over.

“This is what we should do. Salute the principal!”

The members of the Worldly Special Force stood at attention and saluted. Ever since the space invasion, it had been managed semi-militarily. They were also extremely familiar with the military salute.

Old Cai bowed for a full three seconds before slowly standing up.

“This bow just now is to thank you for the quantum array core. As long as we obtain any research results, improvement will be put into the next generation. I can’t even describe the significance of this for the Huaxia Sector.

“Therefore, before there are any research results, this matter has to be kept absolutely confidential! So I have to use a small method similar to a spiritual lock on you to prevent this matter from being leaked under most circumstances. I hope you don’t mind!”

“We don’t mind. Principal, please use it!”

As soon as Cai Shaochu finished speaking, Cui Xi, Yang Huai, Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Tao Guan, Miao Huanshan, and the other fanatics straightened their necks and roared. From the looks of it, even if Cai Shaochu asked them to cut off their butts for research, they would definitely not hesitate.

Xu Tui looked at Cai Shaochu’s serious expression and then at the reactions of Cui Xi and the others. He could only sigh in his heart. Old Cai knew how to play.

A minute later, when everyone was thinking about the quantum array core, the word ‘forget’ appeared out of thin air. Then, it split into 11 parts and landed on the heads of all the members of the Worldly Special Force.

The words “forget” on the heads of the others slowly fused and dissipated. Only Xu Tui’s mind power suddenly fluctuated. The red light of the Fire Slip in his mind lit up slightly.

Bang!

Cai Shaochu’s word ‘forget’ dissipated.

Xu Tui’s forehead was covered in cold sweat. He did not expect that a small strengthened secret technique that was similar to a spiritual lock would trigger the red fire slip. It was triggered in front of a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Cai Shaochu also looked at Xu Tui. He had not expected the Formula of Forgetfulness to be destroyed by Xu Tui’s mind power.

This kid’s mind power was stronger than he had expected. Other than that, there was also a strange fluctuation that flashed past. Did this kid activate some strange genetic base points again?

However, Cai Shaochu did not delve into this matter. He did not use the Formula of Forgetfulness on Xu Tui again.

His Formula of Forgetfulness had been destroyed by Xu Tui. Similarly, it would be extremely difficult for other quasi-planetary-level powerhouses or even planetary-level powerhouses to control or interrogate Xu Tui.

As for other extreme situations, such as interrogating Xu Tui, with his current background, it meant that they had completely fallen out. There was no need for that.

That’s right. Cai Shaochu thought that Xu Tui had a strong background. He was not only a member of the Genetic Miracle. More importantly, he, Cai Shaochu, had already publicly stood up for Xu Tui. @@novelbin@@

The Formula of Forgetfulness dissipated. The members of the Worldly Special Force were a little confused. What were they thinking just now?

Why couldn’t they remember now? What did Principal Cai ask them to do? He seemed to be thanking them.

They could no longer remember the key memories of the quantum array core. Under normal circumstances, they would not have thought of this, let alone dreaming or being interrogated.

“Principal, should I do the same to Lei Xiang?” Xu Tui communicated with his mind.

“Yes, don’t worry. I’ll deal with it. In view of your outstanding contribution to the Huaxia Sector, I personally plan to give you a reward first. Consider it a personal token of my appreciation,” Cai Shaochu said.

As soon as these words were spoken, the members of the Worldly Special Force cheered. The smile on Old Cui’s face was about to explode!

The rewards given by a Planetary realm powerhouse. They were f*cking taking off. Under normal circumstances, only the students of Planetary realm powerhouses could obtain such a reward.

In that case, were they considered the disciples of Planetary realm powerhouses?

“It looks like you guys have gained a lot this time. The energy in your body is so abundant that it’s about to explode. Have you guys been lying in the center of the Origin Energy Super Overflow Path for two months?”

He had not noticed it before. Now that he sensed it, Cai Shaochu noticed a problem.

The energy in the bodies of all the members of the Worldly Special Force was so abundant that it exploded. That feeling was like a fatty whose stomach, esophagus, and mouth were filled with food!

Their bodies were filled with Origin Energy as they absorbed it with difficulty. In short, these guys did not lack Origin Energy in their bodies. They lacked an opportunity and training!

“There’s a reward for your situation that suits you better.” Cai Shaochu suddenly smiled.

“What reward?” Cui Xi was extremely bold.

“Can you still fight? Is there anyone whose mind is about to break down? I don’t think so,” Cai Shaochu asked instead of answering.

In the next moment, the other members of the Worldly Special Force roared. “I can fight! Principal, don’t worry. I can still fight!”

The uniform voices were mixed with the soft voices of Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan. Xu Tui had a bad feeling.

Reward? What did it have to do with whether they could fight or not?

“It’s good that you can fight. Then you can take a trip to my Fantasy Domain. Yes, everyone has to die at least five times in battle. After that, those who can’t hold on can shout to stop. I’ll let you out.

“Of course, those who can persevere can die a few more times. It depends on how many times you can persevere.

“Every time, I will adjust the strength of the Phantoms in the Fantasy Domain according to your strength. Every time, I should be able to squeeze out your greatest strength,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Die a few more times”…

The members of the Worldly Special Force looked at each other. This reward sounded a little scary.

Seeing that everyone was stunned, the knowledgeable Zhao Hailong shouted, “What are you waiting for? Get ready to fight! How many people could not enter Principal Cai’s Fantasy Domain even if they wanted to? In actual combat, you would be completely finished if you died once.

“However, in Principal Cai’s Fantasy Domain, death is illusory, but the process is real. It can temper your willpower to the greatest extent, integrate your combat strength, and discover your shortcomings. It could unleash your own strength to the greatest extent.

“Every time you die, you can look down on the process of death from a god’s perspective and learn from it! It was said that every time one died in Principal Cai’s Fantasy Domain, he could train his mind power to a small extent. Even for those of our Extreme Branch, it’s also an extremely good thing to have powerful mind power.”

...

After saying that, Zhao Hailong carefully asked Cai Shaochu, “Principal, am I right?”

He looked like a standard bootlicker. This was something that Brother Hailong had never seen before. Xu Tui sighed. The former Tiger of Huaxia had also bowed in front of Old Cai.

“That’s right. After the Genetic Transmutation Realm, many Extreme Branch cultivators will subconsciously temper their mind power. If your mind power is stronger, it will increase the combat strength and cultivation speed of the Extreme Branch to a certain extent,” Cai Shaochu said.

After saying that, Cai Shaochu flicked his finger. A colorful “Fantasy” word suddenly appeared and slowly bloomed in front of everyone. A ball of thick fog that was flickering with golden and silver light quickly expanded in the quarantine hall.

This is Cai Shaochu’s Fantasy Domain!

“Dying five times in battle inside can basically exhaust the energy accumulated in all of your bodies. This is the most basic! All the battle tactics that can be used in reality can be used inside. It depends on how long you can last and how many times you can last. Act within your means. You can enter now!” Cai Shaochu said.

The cohesion that the Worldly Special Force had developed from the two months of continuous battles was displayed at this moment. All the members of the Worldly Special Force were not in a hurry to enter the Fantasy Domain. Instead, they looked at Xu Tui.

They had to get the reward, but the team leader had priority!

Xu Tui had entered the Fantasy Domain when he was fighting for the quantum beacon last time. It was indeed quite magical and could train people.

Xu Tui looked at everyone and was about to step into the Fantasy Domain. Before he stepped in, he suddenly felt a sense of relief.

Did Old Cai forget about punishing him? Or rather, the punishment he mentioned just now was just a sentence? With this thought in mind, Xu Tui was about to step into the Fantasy Domain. However, he was stopped by Cai Shaochu just as he was about to step into the Fantasy Domain.

...

“Xu Tui, your requirements are different.”

Xu Tui: “???”

“The others are rewards! But what about you? You didn’t complete the homework I assigned you previously, so you have to die five-fold more than the others. Twenty-five times!” Cai Shaochu said expressionlessly.

Xu Tui was instantly stunned.

He had to die 25 times in battle! He had to be tortured to death by the Phantoms inside 25 times?

This punishment…

“Principal, why don’t we reduce…”

Xu Tui had not finished his sentence when a suction force surged out of the Fantasy Domain and sucked him into the Fantasy Domain.

Ten seconds later, all the members of the Worldly Special Force stepped into the Fantasy Domain. Cai Shaochu’s voice rang out again. “As long as you die, your mind power, energy field, and supernatural power will return to their peak state when the next battle begins.

“So, youngsters, do your best to fight!”

Just as the members of the Worldly Special Force stepped into Cai Shaochu’s Fantasy Domain to undergo the death trial, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont, who had just welcomed the returning members of the space invasion battle team, received two reports from his secretary.

“Mr. Raymont, Instructor Itavi, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector, has sent a notice saying that he will be leaving the moon for a period of time,” the secretary said.

“Guru Itavi is leaving the moon again. Isn’t that his garrison period?”

“His disciple said that there has been some progress in the incident at the Sun Temple. He needs to go back.”

Raymont was also helpless when he mentioned the incident of Sun Temple being massacred last time. Anyone would be furious if this happened.

Itavi’s reaction was relatively conservative.

“Alright, then send a letter to wish Guru Itavi a smooth trip. Also, inform the other alliances about Guru Itavi’s temporary departure,” Raymont said.

“As you wish, Sir! But here, there’s also a notice. It’s from Mr. Haren, the Planetary realm powerhouse of the American Sector.”

Hearing this, Raymont instantly frowned. “Is Haren going out to do something too?”