Chapter 889 - 889 Accidental Fireworks In The Night Sky (1)

889 Accidental Fireworks in the Night Sky (1)

“Xu Tui, you might need to pay attention to your safety.” Tian Suqing’s voice on the phone was a little hesitant.

“Pay attention to my safety. What do you mean? Did you get the information that someone is trying to harm me?” Xu Tui, who was already sitting in the Aerospace Combat Jet, was a little confused when he heard this reminder.

“There’s no definite information. I’m just reminding you,” Tian Suqing said.

“Director Tian, can you tell me where the threat came from? The Blue Star Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, or?” Xu Tui asked.

He could not be careless with his safety, especially since he was going home. If there was a safety problem, he had to solve it first before going home.

“You… You’d better pay attention to the movements of the India Sector. Itavi is at Blue Star. If you have nothing else, you’d better stay in the Capital and not run around,” Tian Suqing said hesitantly.

Xu Tui was speechless.

At this point, Xu Tui already understood why Tian Suqing was reminding him to be careful. However, Xu Tui was a little depressed. He had hidden the incident at the Sun Temple so well. Why did it feel like everyone knew that he, Xu Tui, had done it?

First, there were two teachers, then Principal Cai. Now, the Special Intelligence Division knew about it. How could a secret that so many people knew be a secret?

“Director Tian, I am a little…”

“After all, you are from the Huaxia Sector. We naturally know your movements and strength characteristics the best. Of course, you don’t have to worry. This is only a possibility submitted by the Special Intelligence Division’s expert analysis team. There are more than a dozen possibilities.

“It’s only my personal judgment to think that it’s you. So don’t worry,” Tian Suqing explained.

Xu Tui was speechless. “Director Tian, this is really…”

“Don’t make meaningless excuses. I don’t want you to admit it. This is just an intuitive analysis of a 20-year-old intelligence. At the same time, it’s also because of our relationship that I have to remind you.

“Liu Jin had already confessed. The information sold to the India Sector and the America Sector included your true strength and ability characteristics, as well as a battle video. According to the information that Liu Jin had sold, you definitely had the strength to fight a Transmutation Realm expert.

“The battle video he provided to the India Sector included scenes of you using earth and water-type superpowers. He only provided the characteristics of your abilities. However, if this information was summarized to the India Sector, it would not be long before you entered their suspicious line of sight.

“Therefore, be careful! Don’t doubt the professionalism of the intelligence personnel of the India Sector. It can’t be bad.” @@novelbin@@

Tian Suqing spoke very sincerely. There was no point in Xu Tui denying it now.

“Thank you, Director Tian.”

“You’re welcome. I haven’t thanked you for Yue Qiang. At least he returned to his hometown,” Tian Suqing said.

Xu Tui’s heart felt a little heavy when she mentioned Yue Qiang. “Is Liu Jin the only traitor Yue Qiang used his life to gather information?” Xu Tui asked.

On the other end of the line, Tian Suqing was silent for a moment. “For disciplinary reasons, I can’t say, but I can tell you that it’s more than that.”

“Yes, I understand. By the way, what about Yue Qiang’s funeral?”

“Martyr, the country will provide a one-time pension of two million yuan. The child will inherit his high-grade Level D individual rights. The child will receive 3,000 yuan a month in living expenses before he becomes a minor. His parents will directly enter a company under the Special Intelligence Division and receive an additional pension every month until they die.

“Other than that, my colleagues from the Special Intelligence Division also have a little token of appreciation. That’s all.” Tian Suqing made it very clear on this matter.

To the warriors who had returned from the battlefield, their treatment might be secondary. The treatment of their comrades who had died in battle was the most sensitive. No matter what, compensation was not bad, but he had still sacrificed himself.

“Director Tian, Yue Qiang is also a member of the Worldly Special Force. The Worldly Special Force should also provide compensation as a form of respect,” Xu Tui said.

“Sure, but not too much. They’re an orphan and a widow. It’s also a problem to have too much money,” Tian Suqing said.

What Tian Suqing said was also a very realistic problem. Everyone wanted to take care of the families of their fallen comrades, but they could not do it perfectly.

This time, Xu Tui thought about it for a few minutes before coming to a decision.

“Our Worldly Special Force will compensate Yue Qiang a million yuan in one go. When we return to the Blue Star, I will establish a Worldly Compensation Foundation in the name of the Worldly Special Force. In the future, Yue Qiang’s family will be able to receive a long-term pension of 3,000 yuan every month from this foundation.

“If they encounter any other difficulties, they can also apply for temporary assistance.” Xu Tui explained his plan.

“Thank you. I’ll thank you on behalf of Yue Qiang.”

“I should.”

The idea of establishing a Worldly Compensation Foundation was just a vague idea previously. However, at this moment, it was extremely clear. On the battlefield, they were risking their lives. The battlefield was ever-changing. No one could be sure that they would survive.

However, with this Worldly Compensation Foundation, they should be more at ease. If anything really happened, their families would be more protected.

As for the starting capital, it was very simple.

The Worldly Special Force could be said to have become rich overnight. Origin crystals were hard currency in the extra-terrestrial. They could also be easily exchanged for a large sum of cash on the Blue Star.

Even if the price of the black market fluctuates drastically, it would not be a problem to sell a gram of Origin Crystals for millions or even tens of millions. The problem would be resolved if it was sold for 100 grams.

Xu Tui had called Zhuang Ziqiang when he was still on the Aerospace Combat Jet.