Chapter 886 - 886 They Are All Good Seedlings (1)

886 They Are All Good Seedlings (1)

In the middle of the moon’s ecological defense, Cai Shouchu stood with his hands behind his back. The Fantasy Domain in front of him rolled, and sweat could be seen in the trail.

From time to time, Cai Shaochu would sprinkle a large number of Origin Crystals into the Fantasy Domain.

The Fantasy Domain was indeed a Fantasy Domain, but the energy fluctuations in the Fantasy Domain were real in the Fantasy Dimension.

Conservation of energy was the universal iron law of the current scientific and supernatural systems.

There was a collision, there was consumption, and there had to be investment.

It was actually quite taxing on Cai Shaochu to use the Fantasy Domain, especially in a situation like the Worldly Special Force where everyone’s strength was different and the enemies they faced had to be specially customized.

The Fantasy Domain he used for the battle of the quantum beacon was much simpler than now. It was a little like a program. The enemies that the various special forces faced were the same.

Therefore, even though Cai Shaochu was a Planetary realm powerhouse, it was still a little difficult for him.

Twenty minutes later, Li Zheng was the first to fall out. Her face was pale, and there was still fear in her eyes. Sweat drenched her bangs. She fell to the ground, her limbs trembling. Five consecutive battles and five deaths gave Li Zheng immense pressure. At this moment, Li Zheng even had the urge to cry.

“Is five deaths enough?” Cai Shaochu asked with narrowed eyes.

Li Zheng bit her lip and nodded gently.

“Have you reached your limits?”

“I feel… I’ve reached it,” Li Zheng replied, biting her lip.

“Then rest,” Cai Shaochu said with narrowed eyes. He ignored Li Zheng. Everyone had their own fate. The opportunity had been given. Whether she could grasp it depended on herself.

After panting heavily for a while, Li Zheng gradually calmed down. She felt much better after drinking a bottle of Energy Restoration Elixir. However, she had been out for more than ten minutes, but not a single teammate had come out. This made Li Zheng a little flustered.

After hesitating for a few times, Li Zhen mustered her courage and asked, “Principal, are they… not done yet? Or are they still persisting?”

“Still persisting.”

This answer made Li Zheng a little dazed. The mission of dying five times had ended, but her teammates were still persisting. It suddenly made Li Zheng feel an indescribable sense of guilt. “Principal, how many times did they persist?”

“Yan Lie did it the most. Nine times.”

“What about Yan Xuejin and Mu Xingluan?” Li Zheng asked with concern.

“Yan Xuejin is in the seventh battle, Mu Xingluan is in the eighth battle.”

This answer made Li Zheng constantly bite her lip. She felt like she had been left behind by her teammates. There was no need to mention the other men, but the two female teammates were still persisting. She had only persisted five times before she came out.

This…

After hesitating for a few minutes, Li Zheng finally gathered her courage and said, “Principal, can I go in again?”

“Of course, but if you go in again, the number of deaths will be recalculated. You have to die five more times in battle before you can come out. Can you persevere?” Cai Shaochu narrowed his eyes and asked.

After hesitating for a moment, Li Zheng nodded vigorously. “Principal, I can!” Then, Li Zheng stepped into the Fantasy Domain again.

The corners of Cai Shaochu’s lips curled up slightly as he looked at Li Zheng, who had entered the Illusory Domain. “It looks like the team’s cohesion is not bad.”

Ten minutes later, Yan Lie seemed to have fallen from a high altitude. He fell straight out of the Fantasy Domain and did not move. He lay on the ground for a full three minutes before he recovered. When he got up again, there was already a human-shaped water mark on the ground.

“Principal, are they still persisting?” Yan Lie, who had stood up, was stunned.

“Yes.” Cai Shaochu nodded. @@novelbin@@

“F*ck, this bunch of animals. I’ve already died 11 times in battle, but they’re still persevering. No, I have to persevere. Principal, can I go in?”

“Of course, but you have to die five times before you can come out.” It was the same answer as before.

Yan Lie trembled slightly when he heard that he had to die five times. However, he still rushed in resolutely. “I can’t let these animals laugh at me.”

Five minutes later, Tao Guan fell out. After a few minutes, he rushed in like Yan Lie. Within an hour, other than Xu Tui, almost everyone else had come out once. However, when they heard that the others were still persisting, they rushed in again.

Cai Shaochu, who was like a Death God of the Fantasy Domain, suddenly smiled bitterly and threw in a large number of Origin Crystals. This was the third time Cai Shaochu had thrown out Origin Crystals. He had to throw at least 100 grams every time.

“These little guys are much more tenacious than I thought. It’s a loss to last so long.” While he was sighing in pity, Cai Shaochu’s communication device suddenly lit up. It was his assistant, Fang You.

Cai Shaochu picked it up. “Speak.”

“Principal, the commander-in-chief’s office has sent a notice. They said that the planetary-level powerhouse, Itavi, who is on duty to guard the moon, will be leaving the moon for half a month,” Fang You reported.

“What’s the reason?”

“The explanation over there is that there has been progress in the incident at the Sun Temple. Mr. Itavi has to go back and deal with it. Mr. Raymont, the commander-in-chief of the Moon, can’t refuse,” Fang You said.

Cai Shaochu glanced at Xu Tui, who was fighting in the Fantasy Domain, and said helplessly, “That old thing is too troublesome. However, it’s fine if a guard leaves for a short period of time. It’s common.”

The Moon was the first barrier and buffer zone of the Blue Star. Planetary realm powerhouses took turns guarding it all year round.

The Planetary realm powerhouses stationed on the moon were all stationed on the moon. Usually, there would be a Planetary realm powerhouse in every sector.