Chapter 887 - 887 They Are All Good Seedlings (2)

887 They Are All Good Seedlings (2)

The guards were rotated every three years. After Cai Shaochu finished speaking, Fang You did not end the call. Instead, he said, “Principal, the other guard has also left.” @@novelbin@@

“Hmm?” Cai Shaochu instantly looked up. “Who? What does the commander-in-chief, Raymont, do? How can two people leave the Moon at the same time?”

“It’s Mr. Haren from the American Sector. He said that his student, Clancy, a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, had encountered a problem in his cultivation on a meteorite orbiting Mars. His life was in danger, so he had to rush to the rescue. The fastest would be ten days, and the slowest would be 20 days. He left in a hurry. He only sent a notice to the commander-in-chief’s office and left,” Fang You said.

“Bastards!” As soon as Cai Shaochu lost his temper, the Fantasy Domain fluctuated slightly. Xu Tui and the others, who were fighting to the death, suddenly encountered the Heavenly Lightning and Earth Fire and died.

“Raymont is also confused. It’s fine for one guard to leave for the time being, but how can he let both guards leave? Won’t he stop it?” Cai Shaochu said angrily.

Fang You looked helpless. “Principal, you know about the whereabouts of Planetary realm powerhouses. It’s already good enough that they can give a notice to Raymont. How can Commander Raymont stop them? Just like how you never informed them when you left the moon.”

Cai Shaochu was stunned. Then, he widened his eyes. “I was going and returning quickly. Do I have to inform them?”

Fang You shrugged helplessly.

“No, although these years have been very peaceful and the moon is very safe, the rules cannot be broken. Otherwise, if two guards could leave at the same time today, there will be three tomorrow, and four to five the day after tomorrow.

“Would they still be able to defend the moon? In my name as the team leader of the garrison, send an official letter to the genetic committees of the various sectors, pointing out that the two garrisons had left the moon at the same time. This is an extremely irresponsible action for the safety of the Extreme Moon.

“It was fine if Itavi and Haren had something urgent to do, but they had to find a guard to replace them in a short period of time. Otherwise…”

Otherwise, Cai Shaochu would not have continued after he said that.

Whether it was the Blue Star Genetic Committee or the so-called commander-in-chief of the Moon, including him, the so-called team leader of the guards, they did not have much binding power on the other Planetary realm guards. Other than talking nonsense, the root of the binding or rules was still within the six alliances.

“Otherwise, we will hold an emergency security meeting in the six alliances.” After a few seconds of silence, Cai Shaochu held back a move.

Since they could not effectively restrain the Planetary realm guards who left, they could only attack from the top of the six alliances.

“Alright, Principal. I’ll do it immediately.”

After the communication ended, Cai Shaochu’s eyes flickered. It should be a coincidence that two planetary-level guards left on the same day, right?

This was especially so for Itavi. The incident at the Sun Temple had indeed affected him greatly. The real culprit was in the Fantasy Domain in front of him.

Twenty-three minutes later, Yan Lie, who had persisted in the Fantasy Domain for an hour and 23 minutes and had died 21 times, fell from the Fantasy Domain again. This time, he fell straight down. Yan Lie, who had died 21 times, fainted. His mind was also on the verge of collapse.

Although Yan Lie was the first to faint, he had persisted in dying the most times. He had no choice. Yan Lie’s skin was fragile, so he died quickly.

“He is also a good seedling.”

With a gentle wave of his hand, a small word ‘Peace’ flew out of Cai Shaochu’s fingertip and fused into Yan Lie’s head. Almost instantly, Yan Lie, who had a ferocious and pained expression, quietened down. His expression also became more detailed.

Three minutes later, Tao Guan fell out. When he landed, he was still screaming hysterically. His consciousness was already a little confused.

“This lad is not bad either. He died 17 times in battle.”

Another word popped up. Then, people fall out every few minutes. Most of the times they died in battle were before the 15th to 20th time. It was much more than the five deaths that Cai Shaochu had announced previously.

Even Li Zheng, who could not persevere at the beginning, surprisingly lasted 18 times before falling out of the coma. An hour and forty minutes later, Mu Xingluan fell out. Her face was pale and her body was tense. A seed was still growing on her chest, protecting her.

“She’s also an excellent seedling.” Another word was sent flying.

A few times later, Cai Shaochu froze. Why were the members of the Worldly Special Force all f*cking good seedlings?

The good seedlings that Cai Shaochu mentioned were not the good seedlings that ordinary teachers mentioned.

Usually, the good seedlings that teachers mentioned were outstanding students. Those who might have been rated as “good seedlings” by Cai Shaochu were definitely geniuses among elites. They had extraordinary potential!

Two hours and ten minutes later, Zhao Hailong and Yang Huai fell out one after another. At this moment, Xu Tui was the only one left in the entire Fantasy Domain.

In the Fantasy Domain, Xu Tui, who had just been killed and revived, was shouting at the sky, “Principal, I’ve completed it. I want to leave. I’ve done it 26 times!”

There was no reply.

The enemies in the Fantasy Domain had already charged forward.

Xu Tui wanted to cry but had no tears. He could only fight again. It was only now that he understood that dying 25 times in battle was not the real punishment. The real punishment would only come after he died 25 times in battle.

This was the treatment of incomplete homework. He had been severely punished by Old Cai!

In the Fantasy Domain, a quasi-planetary mutant was chasing after Xu Tui crazily. A minute later, Xu Tui was blocked. A sea of fire rose and he was burned.

Ten seconds later, Xu Tui revived.

The cycle repeated!

Three hours after the Fantasy Domain was activated, Xu Tui was killed 16 times by the same quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. He finally killed the quasi-planetary-level powerhouse after understanding all his methods.

Then, Xu Tui’s enemy in the Fantasy Domain suddenly became a quasi-planetary and a genetic transmutation realm.

In the constant deaths and battles, the number of enemies kept increasing. Finally, when the enemy became a quasi-planet and four Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, Xu Tui did not have much strength to retaliate.

He was constantly being tortured and killed! After dying 41 times in battle, Xu Tui fell out of the Fantasy Domain and fainted.

Cai Shaochu flicked a large ‘Peace’ character into Xu Tui’s head. “You guys should focus on comprehending it.”

After saying that, he turned to leave. The moment he left, Cai Shaochu secretly wiped his sweat.

In these three hours, even though Cai Shaochu was a Planetary realm powerhouse, he was still exhausted. Ten minutes later, Cai Shaochu arrived at his office in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. He immediately asked Fang You, “How is it? Did they respond?”

“Itavi and Mr. Haren said that they would rush back as soon as possible. As for the reserve guards, they are contacting them. If they can contact the right person, they will rush over immediately,” Fang You said.

“Such half-heartedness!” Cai Shaochu sneered.

“Inform the heads of the various alliances that I want to hold an emergency safety meeting as the team leader of the Moon Guards,” Cai Shaochu shouted.

Fang You was stunned, but he did not execute it immediately. “Principal, I’m afraid that’s useless…”

“I know it’s useless, but we have to warn them! This wind can’t last long!”