Chapter 884 - 884 Principal Cai’S Reward And Punishment

884 Principal Cai’s Reward and Punishment

Moon’s Ecological Defense Center.

This was the first eco-defense system that humans on the Blue Star used against outsiders. This was also a lesson that the Blue Star had learned after experiencing several ecological disasters decades ago.

This was also the most fundamental reason why the Moon was used as an extraterrestrial base. It was also the strategic position of the Moon. Whether it was war or other ecological disasters, the Moon was the barrier and buffer zone of the Blue Star.

After decades of dealing with several disasters and crises, the technological content and system of the Moon’s ecological defense center were no longer complete. This was especially so for those who had returned from outside Mars. They had to go through a complete testing and sanitation procedure. No one could violate it.

!!

However, the rules were set because someone violated them. After the plan was completed, those who were qualified to violate the rules could still violate the rules.

For example, the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, Cai Shaochu. The participating members of the Huaxia Sector had just gone through the first all-round killing procedure when he entered.

He could enter because Cai Shaochu was one of the planners and person-in-charge of the Moon’s eco-defense center.

Of course, the fundamental reason was that he was a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Planetary realm powerhouses were unafraid of all kinds of microorganisms and viruses.

After greeting Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu saw Xu Tui in a single room in the Moon’s eco-defense base.

“Principal, you…” Xu Tui was a little shocked when he saw Cai Shaochu in person. He saw Cai Shaochu frown slightly and suddenly flick his sleeve at Xu Tui.

An invisible word “clean” that Xu Tui could see with his mental perception suddenly pounced toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui resisted the instinct to defend himself and allowed the word to pass through his entire body. An indescribable refreshing feeling suddenly spread throughout Xu Tui’s body. Even his greasy hair seemed to have become cleaner.

“You saw it?” Cai Shaochu was stunned.

Xu Tui nodded.

In the next moment, Cai Shaochu’s almost tangible mind power instantly landed on Xu Tui’s body and scanned him without restraint. His expression became stunned.

“You broke through and evolved on your own? The main genetic ability chain you chose for evolution is something related to mind power?”

“Principal, my main genetic ability chain is that mental whip,” Xu Tui said honestly.

“That’s not right. Your evolution strength is not right! If you had chosen the mental whip as the main genetic ability chain, your current physique would not have improved so much. I checked your condition before you left.”

Suddenly, Cai Shaochu froze and asked softly, “Second evolution?”

Xu Tui nodded slightly.

“What kind of luck is that?” Cai Shaochu was really stunned. “Why don’t you voluntarily acknowledge me as your master and be my student?”

Xu Tui shook his head, stunned.

“Because of An Xiaoxue?”

Xu Tui did not answer.

“This matter is serious. It looks like I have to accept a few more female students in the future. Who knows, I might be able to pick up a pervert like you someday. It’s a pity that I’m too familiar with Old Shang and Old Ji. I can’t snatch you away.”

Xu Tui was elated when he heard Old Cai’s words. Back then, no one wanted him so he was assigned to the School of Enlightened Mind. Now, even the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College was fighting to take him in as a student.

It would be strange if he was not secretly delighted.

Of course, Xu Tui had a bottom line. He had to follow through.

Seeing Xu Tui like this, Cai Shaochu was no longer anxious. Perhaps he could sense the slight smugness in Xu Tui’s heart. He suddenly asked, “Have you completed your homework?”

Xu Tui instantly became nervous.

“This… Principal, we were constantly fighting and only rested for the last few days, so…”

“So you didn’t complete your homework, right?”

Xu Tui: “…”

Cai Shaochu’s gaze was like a sword, causing Xu Tui to lower his head on the spot. As a student, he could not be unyielding without completing his homework.

“You’ll be punished if you haven’t completed your homework!” Cai Shaochu said.

“What punishment?” Xu Tui instantly became nervous. How could the punishment of a Planetary realm powerhouse not make him nervous?

“There’s no hurry. Tell me the details of your space invasion first. There’s also this captive’s, as well as the additional seizures and the things dug out of this captive’s mouth,” Cai Shaochu asked.

“Principal, we really don’t have any additional gains…” @@novelbin@@

Cai Shaochu scoffed. “I’m not snatching yours. What are you afraid of? I took a liking to your stingy nature, that’s why I took care of you.”

Xu Tui was confused. Was he stingy? He was very generous!

“Actually, everyone only left a dozen Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy Ingots and a dozen kilograms of Level A Mechanical Spirit Alloy.” Xu Tui was helpless. “Everyone wants to use this to upgrade their combat uniforms first.”

“No problem. You deserve this. What else?”

“The other things are more sensitive. They are prepared to be handed over in private…” Xu Tui looked around the single room as he spoke.

“Don’t worry. The surveillance cameras won’t work where I am.”

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. “Principal, I believe you, but I think that you shouldn’t regret it later. If any of this leaks out, it might be a war within the six alliances.”

Xu Tui had used his consciousness to communicate with Cai Shaochu.

Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui steadily. He was a little surprised. “That Spirit Clan captive is already explosive news. There are more? You got this from the Spiritual Race’s captive?”

“More than that!”

Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui steadily. He waved his hand, and the word “illusion” appeared out of thin air. It turned into a fog-like barrier that was visible to the naked eye and enveloped Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu in all directions.

“Tell me now.”

“Principal, look at these things.”

As he spoke, Xu Tui took out the remaining silver box. The moment he took it out, Cai Shaochu’s expression changed. He suddenly sat up straight and slapped the back of Xu Tui’s head. “Kid, you’re really something!”

“Principal, you know this stuff?”

...

Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui and suddenly froze. “That’s not right. Although the aura of this thing is very weak, Planetary realm experts can easily sense it at close range. I did not sense it just now. Where did you get that? Quantum Dimensional Chain?”

Cai Shaochu, who had come to a conclusion, suddenly looked at Xu Tui as if he was looking at a monster. He was shocked. He was completely shocked.

“Can I say that you’re a monster? Do you know that there aren’t many Planetary realm powerhouses in the Blue Star who can activate the quantum dimensional chain?” Cai Shaochu said in shock.

Xu Tui was speechless.

Could he say that Cai Shaochu was a monster? In this space invasion, the greatest breakthroughs in his individual abilities were autonomous evolution and the quantum dimensional chain.

However, he had only been back for less than an hour. Cai Shaochu had seen through him without him mentioning a word. He would not be confident if he did anything bad in the future!

“Leave this to me to study! If there are any results, I guarantee that you will be the first to enjoy it. You can also participate. You are also a member of our Galaxy Spirit Research Institute.”

Cai Shaochu took the silver box away without hesitation.

Under Cai Shaochu’s gaze, Xu Tui took out another 19 spiritual boxes.

“F*ck! Did you rob the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base?” Cai Shaochu’s expression froze. In the next moment, Cai Shaochu waved his sleeve and swept away the 19 spiritual boxes. “With so many unpurified spiritual boxes, the possibility of producing results in the short term is very high. I’ll take it.”

“Okay.” Xu Tui nodded and said sneakily, “Principal, why aren’t you giving me any rewards?”

...

“What do you want?”

“Principal, your word-sealing Origin Crystal ability seal card is quite useful.”

Cai Shaochu nodded and took out a card.

“Only one, Principal?”

“Why don’t I get one back from your teacher and give it to you?” Cai Shaochu gritted his teeth.

“Don’t, don’t, don’t. Principal, you’re magnanimous. You’re bright.” Xu Tui quickly gave a thumbs-up.

Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui and suddenly laughed. “Kid, you’re not bad. However, it’s also extremely difficult to make my ability card. I gave your teacher three cards previously, and it’s not much now. How about this? I’ll give you another one. Consider it a reward.”

As he spoke, Cai Shaochu took out another escape word and an Illusion Origin Crystal ability seal card and placed them in front of Xu Tui.

Xu Tui quickly scanned into his quantum dimensional chain.

“Don’t use the word ‘illusion’ so easily. This is one of my most accomplished abilities so far. It can attack, defend, and support. If you can understand the word ‘illusion’ more in the future, the effect will be even better.” After saying that, Cai Shaochu said, “Are you satisfied with the reward?”

“Yes, yes!” Xu Tui nodded sneakily. However, he took out the quantum array core and gently placed it in front of Cai Shaochu.

Cai Shaochu frowned. He did not recognize this thing. Clearly, he had never seen it before.

“What’s this? The quantum fluctuations inside are very strong and unique.”

“Principal, this is a quantum array core.”

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu shook his head. “I’ve never heard of it.”

“Yes, according to Lei Xiang, which is also what the captive of the Spiritual Race said, the quantum array core can be used to upgrade and strengthen the quantum teleportation channel after using a special method to activate the Origin Crystal. After using it, Genetic Transmutation Realm experts can pass through.”

Cai Shaochu suddenly bent down and looked at Xu Tui before Xu Tui could finish his sentence. His gaze was cold. “Really?”

“Not only that, but Lei Xiang said that this is the most fundamental thing to establish a quantum teleportation channel. If we can create a quantum array core, we can use it to establish a quantum teleportation channel…”

Cai Shaochu’s expression changed when he heard that. “Who else knows about this?”

“All the members of my special force know. However, Principal, don’t worry. I’ve already used the Spiritual Lock on them!”

“You?” Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui disdainfully. “What you used is not enough. However, this matter is good! Well done!” In the next moment, Cai Shaochu made a call and ordered, “Gather all the members of the Worldly Special Force in five minutes. I want to meet them personally and do a test for them!”

“Alright, Principal.”

“Principal, are you going to use the Spiritual Lock on them again?”

“I don’t know how, but I have similar methods.”

After a moment of silence, Xu Tui said, “Can you give everyone a reward? They all contributed. Besides, it feels like I don’t trust them when I keep using the Spiritual Lock on them.”

“It’s not distrust. It’s insurance. But you’re right.” Cai Shaochu nodded. “Since you’ve said so, I’ll give you a collective reward! That includes the punishment for not completing your homework!”

“I have punishment?” Xu Tui shouted.

“Of course. Students who haven’t completed their homework have this life!”

Xu Tui was speechless.