Chapter 882 - 882 Shocking Meaning And Spiritual Lock

882 Shocking Meaning and Spiritual Lock

When Xu Tui woke up, he only had one feeling—soft.

He did not know what was resting on his head, but it was very soft and comfortable. He slowly opened his eyes and saw Li Zheng’s large eyes staring at him. A ball of water kept rolling on his forehead. It was very comfortable.

At the same time, Li Zheng exclaimed, “Commander is awake! He’s awake!”

The splitting headache was still there. Xu Tui struggled to remember. He suddenly felt two soft thighs beside him and pushed himself up without hesitation.

!!

Behind Xu Tui, Mu Xingluan’s face instantly turned red. However, she did not dare to struggle. Perhaps it was because Xu Tui was injured.

“Commander, you… you grabbed my leg…” Mu Xingluan’s voice was like a mosquito.

Xu Tui was stunned. He turned around and saw that he was in Mu Xingluan’s arms. A ball of green light was flickering above his head. The place that felt very soft just now was his head resting on Mu Xingluan’s thigh.

What he was grabbing at now was Mu Xingluan’s calf and… the inner thigh of her other leg!

Perhaps it was because he was confused, or perhaps it was because of his subconscious, he pinched it again.

It was really soft!

Mu Xingluan’s face turned red, but Xu Tui’s expression instantly changed.

Damn it, he was being watched! More than half of the members of the Worldly Special Force were surrounding him! Then, he subconsciously pinched it just now, causing him to have some instinctive reactions.

He instantly raised the tent.

There was no problem with the tent. A hot-blooded teenager did not have to have a woman to be horny. He had the confidence to blast a satellite with a water cannon when he woke up early in the morning.

However, the problem was that Xu Tui was lying flat on his back. The tent was too obvious. What was worse was that he was being watched by many members.

“F*ck, I don’t have any face left now!” Xu Tui, who had reacted, instantly sat down. He curled up his body and clamped his legs together.

Fortunately, most of the members of the Worldly Special Force were relatively pure. For example, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and Yan Xuejin were all confused. They wondered what Xu Tui was trying to do.

Was he revived or something?

Only Cui Xi and Miao Huanshan were laughing wretchedly. Clearly, they had discovered the tent.

Fortunately, there were only two of them. Then, Xu Tui realized that Li Zheng’s face had also turned red. What the hell was going on?

Had Li Zheng also noticed it?

Xu Tui felt his face burning.

“It’s good that you’re awake. We thought that you had been tricked by Lei Xiang.” Zhao Hailong heaved a sigh of relief. Then, he shouted behind him, “Old Yang, stop for a moment. The regiment commander is awake!”

At this moment, Xu Tui heard Lei Xiang’s screams again. He turned around and saw that Yang Huai had started to cut Lei Xiang again.

Xu Tui only understood what had happened a few minutes later. He had been unconscious for about 20 minutes. He looked very terrifying when he was unconscious. Blood was gushing out of his seven orifices.

Everyone thought that Lei Xiang had harmed Xu Tui. While some of them were treating Xu Tui, some of them began to deal with Lei Xiang and find the source.

Lei Xiang said that it had nothing to do with him, but no one believed him.

Finally, Lei Xiang gave them a way to massage his mind power. It was said that using relatively gentle mind power to warm Xu Tui’s mental body might be able to treat the injuries on his mental body.

Lei Xiang’s judgment was that Xu Tui’s mental body was injured. Then, there was the scene that happened at the beginning. Li Zheng and Mu Xingluan used their mind power to warm Xu Tui’s mental body.

Even so, Yang Huai, Tao Guan, and the others did not let Lei Xiang off. They started to cut pieces on Lei Xiang’s body as if they were venting their anger. Yang Huai even said that if anything happened to Xu Tui, he would brew Lei Xiang like an eagle again and make him suffer like hell before he died.

Everyone heaved a sigh of relief when Xu Tui woke up.

“He didn’t trick me. It was me…” Xu Tui struggled to get up. Mu Xingluan and Li Zheng quickly helped him up.

Not far away, Lei Xiang shouted, “Look, I told you it wasn’t me…”

“Shut up. Something happened to the regiment commander just now. You’re lucky that I didn’t kill you!” Yang Huai’s kick made Lei Xiang shut his mouth.

Xu Tui gulped down a bottle of Level B Energy Active Elixir before he felt much better. He held the quantum array core that had returned to its silent state in his hand. Xu Tui’s heart was surging.

Xu Tui could roughly guess the reason why he had bled from all of his orifices just now. He must have been too reckless. It was rare for him to activate the quantum entanglement genetic ability chain. However, the deeper his mind power went just now, the more it resonated with the quantum array core.

Xu Tui greedily determined the exact location of the resonance genetic base point and directly absorbed the Origin Energy. Perhaps it was because there were too many genetic base points in the resonance that his mind or brain had overloaded. He bled from all of his orifices and fainted on the spot.

This was Xu Tui’s deduction.

After calculating for a while, Xu Tui slowly arrived in front of Lei Xiang, which was covered in injuries. He squatted down and gently pressed on the scabbed artery wound on Lei Xiang’s neck.

“I already have some understanding of the situation of the quantum array core just now! However, the mental body has too much load during the resonance…”

“You can resonate?” Lei Xiang’s pupils suddenly constricted. He was shocked.

“Yes, so tell me everything you need to take note of regarding the function and expansion performance of this thing. Otherwise, I’ll kill you first when I slowly discover that you’re hiding something,” Xu Tui said.

The threat of death had become infinitely great to Lei Xiang at this moment. This was especially so since Xu Tui had said the word ‘resonance’. Lei Xiang believed most of it.

Some things could not be made up.

“There’s basically nothing to hide!”

“Basically?”

“Yes, if we’re talking about expanding its performance, it’s said that this quantum array core is also the key to establishing a quantum teleportation channel,” Lei Xiang said hesitantly.

“How do I use it to establish a quantum teleportation channel?” Xu Tui asked.

“I don’t know. I only know that we have to use it to strengthen the completed quantum teleportation channel or the newly established quantum teleportation channel,” Lei Xiang said.

“Then tell me, how do I make this quantum array core?” Xu Tui asked. @@novelbin@@

If Xu Tui still couldn’t realize the immense value of the quantum array core, he would be a piece of trash. The significance of this quantum array core to the Blue Star humans and the Huaxia Sector was indescribable.

For example, if they mastered the technology of producing a quantum array core, the Blue Star could establish a permanent quantum teleportation channel on this resource planet and turn it into a colony or resource planet of the Blue Star Humans or the Huaxia Sector.

If it was a resource star, it could be mined dry.

The value and significance of the resources he obtained were indescribable.

...

“I don’t know!” Lei Xiang shook his head. “If I knew how to create a quantum array core, I would have been invited to the Sanctuary as a saint long ago.”

“Is it difficult to create a quantum array core?”

“I think so. There are not more than ten Saints in the Spiritual Race who can make a quantum array core. Every one of them has an extremely high status in the Spiritual Race,” Lei Xiang said.

“What characteristics do the Saints in your Spiritual Race who can make quantum array cores have? Are they supernatural beings?”

“They’re all mind power super experts! They should all be supernatural beings. The characteristic of their unified ability is that they can resonate with the quantum array core!”

Lei Xiang looked straight at Xu Tui and said the last sentence.

Xu Tui frowned. He looked at Lei Xiang and said, “One last question. Will this thing disappear after it is completely activated?”

“Yes, it’s consumable!” Lei Xiang replied.

“Nice, you did well. Xing’zi, treat his injuries.”

After saying that, Xu Tui turned to leave. Lei Xiang finally heaved a sigh of relief. In order to survive, he had completely given up on his bottom line and all his perseverance. Fortunately, he could finally survive.

In the distance, the resources seized in the Huaxia Sector had already been teleported. The people from the Russian Federation and the Africa Sector had already begun to teleport the resources they had seized. Xu Tui and the others would be able to return through the quantum portal in two hours.

...

However, Xu Tui had a headache.

It was not a real headache. Instead, it was the thing that Lei Xiang had revealed just now and the quantum array core that had made Xu Tui feel extremely conflicted. If he brought Lei Xiang back, he would have to use the quantum array core.

Once this quantum array core was used, it would disappear. Its meaning and value would no longer exist.

How could he study it without anything?

The best choice was to bring the quantum array core back and kill Lei Xiang.

However, bringing back a living Lei Xiang also had immense value. Not only was he a high-level member of the Spiritual Race, but he was also about to become a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse of the Spiritual Race. Perhaps some inconspicuous knowledge and common sense would be of great help to the Blue Star Humans or the Huaxia Sector.

Under such circumstances, he had to choose one of the two.

It was indeed a little difficult.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui suddenly gathered the members of the Worldly Special Force. He said in a low voice, “Everyone, I want to take a risk, but I want to hear your opinions.”

“Go ahead, Commander.”

Xu Tui roughly explained his thoughts. Then, he said, “If you have any thoughts, just say it. It doesn’t matter if you have different opinions. We’re discussing this now.”

“Commander, I think it’s feasible. Although there’s a certain risk, I think that this risk is still manageable. This was especially so when Lei Xiang had a very strong will to live. According to what he said before, we’ll bleed him first. If we let him be extremely weak, even if he can use his superpower, what can he do?” Zhao Hailong was the first to express his stance.

“Commander, I can control a plant and drill into his body first. I’ll stay 300 meters away. As long as there are any abnormal movements, the seeds I drill into his body will kill him,” Mu Xingluan said.

“That’s not bad. It’s safer.”

“Commander, let’s set a double safety. Tie one of the particle-directed high-explosive mines to him. Someone will take the remote control and prepare it from afar. If there’s a problem, detonate it immediately! As for me, I’ll stay behind his head and wait for him. I’ll hold a shield. Unless he insta-kills me, I’ll stir his brain with my saber!” Yang Huai said.

“Hey, don’t forget that I’m here. I’ll hide far away. If he moves, I’ll immediately hide and kill him.” Yan Lie chuckled.

Xu Tui was amused by these words. This was no longer a double insurance. It was a four-insurance. Including Xu Tui, it was a five-insurance.

Unless the five of them were instantly killed by the severely injured and weak Lei Xiang, there was no way.

“Since everyone supports me, I’ll be a little greedy and bring back the captive, Lei Xiang, and this quantum array core! If everything goes smoothly, it means that the heavens will bless Huaxia!”

Everyone nodded, but Xu Tui glanced around. “One last thing. The matter of the quantum array core is of utmost importance. I don’t know how the Huaxia Sector will deal with it when we return, but you guys have understood the meaning of this.

“If a little of it leaked, it would cause the Blue Star to shake. It might even bring us big trouble or even death, especially before the Huaxia Sector dealt with it. Therefore, before we take action, everyone in the Worldly Special Force will have to undergo another spiritual lock.

“It would guarantee absolute confidentiality so that you would not tell anyone because of your slip of the tongue. Under certain extreme circumstances, the secret of the quantum array core would not be revealed.

“I believe you, but many times, accidents are unavoidable. We have to plan ahead,” Xu Tui said.

“No objections. I accept it!” As Zhao Hailong was the first to express his stance, all the members expressed their stance without any hesitation.

“Alright, then let go of your mind and follow my instructions. Accept the spiritual lock!”