Chapter 895 - 895 Lord Of Myths

895 Lord of Myths

When the two unknown Planetary realm powerhouses suddenly joined the battlefield, the hearts of the people in charge of the various sectors in the command hall of the moon’s underground fortress were so heavy that they could not breathe.

At this moment, be it Maiponeo, Nilab, the person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial of the America and India Sectors, also felt an indescribable depression.

It would have been much better if Haren (Itavi) had not left the moon, right?

This was especially so for Itavi. It was rumored that his strength was not far from Cai Shaochu. But now, these two unknown Planetary realm powerhouses were most likely from the alien invaders’ camp.

!!

The moon… was doomed!

The current situation was that the various alliances could preserve some of their strength to leave the moon alive rather than protect it.

The war was progressing too quickly.

The battle had only been going on for less than five minutes. If Itavi and Haren were here, the reinforcements of the Blue Star Humans would arrive on the moon one after another as long as they stalled the enemy for some time.

There were more than six Planetary realm experts on the Blue Star.

On the contrary, there were many Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star. However, it was impossible for Planetary realm powerhouses to restrict all the top forces in the world to the Moon.

Other than the Moon Guards, everyone else was doing their own things.

This situation made the people in charge of the various alliances start to make the best arrangements.

They could lose the moon, but they could not lose some things!

The Moon was not only the number one barrier on the Blue Star, but it was also the frontline of scientific research on the Blue Star. The most advanced technology often appeared on the Moon first.

It was just like how Cai Shaochu had prepared for the worst before he participated in the battle. He had asked Fang You to arrange the most important information, people, and things.

Even if the Moon was lost, these would be the seeds of the Blue Star!

As long as the tinder was there, the Blue Star would not be destroyed!

The human race would not be destroyed!

Huaxia would always exist!

Wei Bin did the same. He immediately used his communication device to shout at Cai Shaochu, “Old Cai, I’ll arrange for someone to cover your retreat. As long as you are alive, there is hope! At the same time, we will also command the remaining troops to deal the most damage to the enemy!

“Inform the various sectors that the One-inch Mountain and One-inch River Blood Plan has begun. Executors will be all Genetic Evolution Realm and Genetic Mutation Realm cultivators.”

In the sky above the moon battlefield, the Fallen Star teams from the various sectors had already begun to attack. Warriors drove the most advanced Aerospace Combat Jet towards the enemies led by the quasi-planetary-level powerhouses.

They rushed over and instantly exploded into a mushroom cloud. There was another flash explosion inside the mushroom. That was the flash explosion of a large number of nuclear fusion bombs in the Aerospace Combat Jet.

It rose and fell!

This was a falling star!

Some of the Fallen Star Warriors could charge in and really cause the stars to fall. However, most of them were destroyed before they could act rashly.

The alien invaders were no strangers to the Fallen Star tactic.

A hundred years ago, the alien invaders had been scared out of their wits by the Planet Blue Humans’ Fallen Star tactics.

The moment Wei Bin gave the order to execute the One-inch Mountain and One-inch River Blood Plan, two unfamiliar communication requests suddenly appeared in the underground fortress-like command center.

Wei Bin was stunned and immediately gave the order to join.

“Hello, Commander-in-chief. I am The Myth Athena. I request to participate in the battle!”

“Good morning, Commander-in-chief. I am The Myth Villes. I request to participate in the battle!”

“You’re allowed to participate in the battle. You’re allowed to participate in the battle. I’ll immediately inform our participants of your participation!”

There was a hint of excitement in Wei Bin’s voice.

At the critical moment, The Myth actually had two planetary-level powerhouses participating in the battle. It could be said that the heavens did not spare the Blue Star!

In the sky, the shooting star-like arrow light instantly pierced through the pitch-black night sky. The arrow forced a Planetary realm powerhouse attacking Cai Shaochu to retreat ten miles.

At the same time, a dark blue light bloomed in Villes’ hand.

Five against six!

The pressure on the Blue Star was greatly reduced. Their morale was greatly raised. The atmosphere in the command hall of the underground fortress instantly became relaxed. The people in charge of the various alliances began to urgently correct some of the orders.

At this moment, another communication request was made to access the command center of the moon’s underground fortress.

Wei Bin gave the order to connect, but he was a little puzzled. Who could it be?

“Good evening, everyone. I am the Lord of The Myths, Ullr!”

As soon as he introduced himself, the expressions of the people in charge of the various sectors changed slightly. They immediately realized something.

“Everyone, I’m sure that you’ve seen my Myth members, Athena and Villes, participating in the battle.

“At this moment of crisis for the Moon, the price of our Myths participating in the battle is huge. It shouldn’t be too much for me to make a few small requests, right?” The Lord of The Myths, Ullr, smiled.

No one spoke in the command hall.

“Let me add that this is not a threat. We’re just agreeing on a reward in advance. Your internal personnel will be rewarded with contribution points after the battle. We’ll ask for a reward in advance. Is that okay?” Ullr added.

It was not a threat…

When these words reached the ears of all the people in charge, they had an indescribable feeling that they were being threatened.

“It’s really not a threat. If you’re unwilling, Athena and Villes will continue to participate in the battle and only leave when they can’t fight anymore. I’m just asking for a reward in advance,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

Maiponeo glanced at Wei Bin and suddenly said, “Alright, you can discuss this with Mr. Raymont in detail.”

“Maiponeo, shut your shameless rotten mouth that reeks of blood!” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, immediately scolded, “I told you, I am the Lord of Myths. I know Mr. Raymont’s situation! If Mr. Raymont’s promise can take effect, do I still need to talk to a shameless fellow like you?”

Maiponeo’s face turned red from the scolding, but he was surprisingly not angry.

“Mr. Ullr, state your request first. If this request is not too much, I believe that the people in charge of the various sectors here will definitely agree.” The Moon commander, who had been silent, spoke.

...

“First, our Myth Branch has to enter the capitals of the various districts and can freely enter and leave the various Genetic Evolution Colleges. We have to enjoy all the treatment of the District Genetic Committee!”

This first rule made everyone present hesitate.

Although The Myth required the treatment of the district-level Genetic Committee and not the alliance-level, there was still an independent sector. However, there was no territory. Moreover, it did not belong to any sector.

In the future, the Blue Star would no longer be one of the six alliances, but six alliances and a Myth!

“In return for your agreement, I also have a top-secret piece of information,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

“Of course, in order to express my sincerity, I’ll speak first! This time, I don’t know about the military targets of the alien invaders, but Phobos and Mars have already discovered traces of the alien invaders approaching,” the Lord of the Myths, Ullr, said.

“I’ve already sent the information. Of course, you can be more shameless. I don’t mind!” The Lord of Myths said.

“We have seen your sincerity. Our Huaxia Sector agrees to this in principle.” Wei Bin was the first to express his stance.

Wei Bin had thought it through.

The Myth had suddenly sent out two Planetary realm combatants today. The rise of The Myth could no longer be stopped. One had to know that as one of the six alliances, the Africa Sector only had a total of three planetary-level powerhouses. Today, one had died in battle!

What The Myth wanted was actually a name for development!

...

“Alright, I’ve already sensed the wisdom of the Huaxia Sector. We will be friends in the future.”

As soon as this was announced, the expressions of Maiponeo and Nilab changed! A friend of the Huaxia Sector? How could this be! This meant that two or even three planetary-level powerhouses were on the Huaxia Sector’s side.

At the thought of this, Nilab and Maiponeo no longer hesitated and immediately agreed to this.

“Yes, I think that the America Sector and the India Sector will also obtain our friendship in the future.”

“Secondly, the Moon, Phobos, Deimos, and Mars have to approve a base for The Myth. The area must not be less than one-fifth of the average base area of the other sectors!” The Lord of The Myth said.

This time, as soon as Ullr finished speaking, Maiponeo was the first to agree. “I think that this is a reasonable request!”

The laughter of the Myth Lord, Ullr, rang out. “Mr. Maiponeo, I can smell the shameless aura on you even from an unknown distance. However, I like your shamelessness very much! Yes, you might be able to obtain my personal friendship!”

He successfully passed the second request.

“Thirdly, the Myths need access to the quantum teleportation channels on the Moon, Phobos, and Mars. The Myths also need to be qualified to form a team to participate in the space invasion and actual combat on Mars. Of course, we might not send people to participate! Just like some of you, you don’t need a wife, but you have to marry one.” As he spoke, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, laughed unscrupulously.

Everyone had a strange and awkward expression. They had agreed to the first two conditions. It was like interacting with a man and a woman. He had taken them off and touched them. It did not seem impossible to go further than that.

The people in charge of the six alliances lined up to agree. Other than the faint threat, the fundamental reason for his agreement was still his strength. The Myth Organization suddenly produced two planetary-level combatants. Then, was the Lord of The Myth who negotiated with them also a planetary-level?

How many Planetary realms were there in The Myth?@@novelbin@@

Three? Or four?

However, regardless of whether it was three or four people, this was already a powerful force that could not be ignored.

At the same time that the person-in-charge of the various alliances ended their communication with the Lord of Myths, Ullr, and began to strengthen the defenses of Mars and Phobos, who had already raised the alert to Level 1, Lei Xi, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward base, was communicating with Lei Zhen.

“As Black Hole said, the Myths of the Blue Star has participated in the battle. We basically has no chance of taking down the moon!” Lei Tian sighed.

Lei Zhen frowned. “Commander-in-chief, if the rest of our Planetary realm forces are all on the line now, we still have a chance to take down the moon in a short period of time.”

“There’s indeed a chance if you bet everything! However, have you considered the losses?”

“It would be at most if one or two more planetary-levels were sacrificed, right?”

“No, you’re wrong!” Lei Tian shook his head. “You haven’t participated in the war a hundred years ago. In that war, the Blue Star humans were like ants. They could be easily crushed every time, but they could not be crushed to death. They did not cause any harm and continued to grow.

“Courage and sacrifice were extremely precious qualities. They were too common. Perhaps it was because their lifespan was very short. However, at the critical moment, anyone would dare to fight us to the death!

“Do you know that an ordinary soldier who looks like a very good Spiritual Embodiment but is also very weak dares to stand in front of us and detonate the nuclear bombs there? He will die with us!

“If we really want to take down the Moon, we have to be prepared to lose half or even two-thirds of our current strength, be it Planetary realm or quasi-planetary realm! And this was only taking down the Moon, not the Blue Star! If we have to pay such a huge price to take down the moon, we won’t be able to stop the future counterattack!” Lei Tian’s eyes were filled with memories.

It was unbearable to look back on the years when he fought the Blue Star humans on the moon.

It was not a pleasant memory.

Hearing this, Lei Zhen nodded.

“Alright, order the Moon Assault Team to prioritize achieving their strategic goals. Start taking action on that side too. Prepare to participate in the battle!” Lei Tian ordered.

“Yes!”