Chapter 892 - 892 Three-Phase Thermal Bomb

892 Three-Phase Thermal Bomb

Moon Galaxy Research Institute.

The quantum array core that Xu Tui had handed over was floating in front of Cai Shaochu, emitting a faint stream of light. Cai Shaochu’s brows were filled with fatigue and relief.

There was progress.

He already knew all the structures of the quantum array core. He took out a few preparation clues from Lei Xiang’s mouth. Cai Shaochu also verified it and had his own thoughts. If they could solve two more problems, there was a high chance that the Huaxia Sector would be able to create this so-called meteor-level quantum array core.

One of the two problems was the issue of materials.

The core of the quantum array was a palm-sized jade object. It was filled with Origin Energy and looked more like a natural huge Origin Crystal. It had to be known that the largest Origin Crystals that the Blue Star had obtained were only slightly larger than eggs. They had never seen a palm-sized Origin Crystal.

However, the quantum array core in front of him did not seem to be natural.

This was the first problem.

The second problem was that he had to find an expert who could completely resonate with the core of the quantum array. Such an expert was rare even in the Spiritual Race.

There should not be any in the Huaxia Sector or even the entire Blue Star.

However, Cai Shaochu was very confident. Ever since the Great Genetic Age, everything on the Blue Star, including the Huaxia Sector, had been slowly earned from nothing. If there were no experts who could completely resonate with the quantum array core, he would slowly nurture them.

If one year didn’t work, then two. If two years didn’t work, then three. If five, then one day.

“Fang You, give this information…” While they were talking, Cai Shaochu frowned and looked out of the window of the research institute. The aura of a Planetary realm powerhouse had flashed past just now.

Planetary-level powerhouses were very rare on the Moon.

Cai Shaochu looked at it. It might be because Itavi or Haren, who had left, had returned, or the Planetary realm guard they had found. In either case, this was a good sign.

“Fang You, let me ask you when we’re done. Which planetary-level powerhouse is returning?” Suddenly, Cai Shaochu’s expression changed drastically. “No, there’s more than one Planetary realm aura. Five, no, at least seven…”

In an instant, the color on Cai Shaochu’s face faded. A black remote control appeared in Cai Shaochu’s hand and he suddenly pressed it.

An ear-piercing alarm instantly rang throughout the moon base. In an instant, the lights of the entire moon base flickered. At the same time, a moon guard fortress in the orbit above the moon suddenly flashed. A second later, the flames of a second explosion shone in the pitch-black space.

Cai Shaochu understood that the second explosion should have been caused by the nuclear fusion reactor in the second moon guard fortress.

“Fang You, immediately send all the information about the Galaxy Way Spirit Research Institute over the past few days back to the Blue Star and make more backups. At the same time, transfer the other resources of the Galaxy Way Spirit to the underground fortress, including all the researchers. No one is allowed to come out without my orders!”

Cai Shaochu’s voice echoed, but he had already disappeared.

“Guardians, gather! All quasi-planetary-level powerhouses on the moon, gather! Everyone, scatter according to the wartime emergency plan.” Cai Shaochu’s roar instantly rang out at a strange frequency throughout the various alliance bases.

It had only been 30 seconds since the attack. However, in these 30 seconds, huge balls of flames exploded around the moon. One could even feel the heat on the moon.

The America Sector’s space station had been destroyed!

The Huaxia Sector’s space station was destroyed!

The European Sector’s space station was destroyed!

The Russian Federation’s space station was destroyed!

The India Sector’s space station was destroyed!

Thirty seconds after the second moon guard fortress exploded, the first moon guard fortress, the third moon guard fortress, the fourth moon guard fortress, the fifth moon guard fortress, and the sixth moon guard fortress all exploded.

They exploded gorgeously like fireworks in space.

No one could see the blood in the dazzling light.

Only those who knew knew the death behind the dazzling light.

There were not many people on the Moon Space Station in each sector. There were 10 to 20 people. Most of them were observation researchers.

However, the casualties in the Moon Guards’ fortress were heavy.

There was usually a company of soldiers stationed in the Moon Guards’ fortress. They were mainly equipped with laser cannons, particle accelerator cannons, electromagnetic railguns, and other long-range heavy weapons.

As long as they were prepared, if they were locked onto by the moon guard fortress, the quasi-planetary realm would suffer greatly.

If more than three moon guard fortress were to focus fire, even a Planetary realm powerhouse would be in an extremely sorry state.

The Moon Guard Fortress could be said to be the most powerful fortress on the moon.

However, no one expected them to explode in 30 seconds! The other three Moon guards and the other quasi-planetary-level powerhouses who had just rushed out were all stunned.

“How could this be?” The Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector, Hanrich, had just rushed to Cai Shaochu’s side. Even a Planetary realm powerhouse was extremely shocked.

The Moon’s defense system that the Blue Star had meticulously built used the outer space station as its eyes and ears, the Moon Guard Fortress as its fist, and the Moon’s defense. This defense system had been proven countless times and was reasonable and useful.

Why did it collapse in 30 seconds?

Cai Shaochu’s face turned ashen. “The other party has sent at least seven Planetary realm experts to launch a surprise attack.”

“Seven Planetary realm powerhouses?” Hanrich was stunned.

Polov, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Russian Federation who had just arrived, said hatefully, “Itavi and Haren left at the right time!”

“Sigh, after so many years, is there finally a time for me to show off my heroism?” The dark-skinned Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector, Manut, appeared with a funny expression.

“That’s right. It’s time for you to show off your heroism. There might be seven Planetary realm experts on the other side. You can choose one against two,” Hanrich, a Planetary realm expert from the European Sector, said.

Manut was stunned. “Oh, no, one. Dealing with one is my limit! Brothers, you know my strength!”

In the pitch-black night sky, seven streams of light quickly fell onto the moon. They were seven planetary-level powerhouses.

“We’ll each take one. Let the quasi-planetary experts fight three against one to buy us time?” Russian Planetary realm powerhouse Polov suggested.

“Do you think there won’t be a quasi-planetary when the seven planetary-level powerhouses of the alien invaders attack?” Cai Shaochu frowned.

“Damn it, Itavi and Haren. If they don’t give us a reasonable explanation after this battle, I’ll definitely kill them!” Polov was furious.

“Count me in!” Hanrich, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector, said.

“How can I be missing!” Manut was still smiling.

...

“Cai, you command. Arrange how to fight,” Hanrich suggested.

Cai Shaochu nodded and immediately contacted the Moon Command Center.

The Moon’s defense system was three-dimensional. Cai Shaochu had raised the alarm the moment they were attacked. At this moment, the military personnel of the various sectors had already gathered in the underground fortress-like command center.

“Mr. Raymont, the situation is very serious. At least seven Planetary realm experts have attacked. The other enemies are unknown. Order the Fallen Star teams from the various sectors to get ready,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Has it reached the point where we’re going to send out the Fallen Star?” The Moon commander, Raymont, who had just taken his seat, lost his voice.

“It might be more than that. At least seven Planetary realm experts are attacking. This is not a surprise attack, but a battle launched by alien invaders. Please gather your forces and enter the battlefield as soon as possible. In addition, I needed the two garrisons, Itavi and Haren, to return as soon as possible. At the same time, we need more Planetary realm powerhouses to participate in the battle!” Cai Shaochu said.

“Understood.”

After saying that, Cai Shaochu switched to another communication channel. “All three-phase thermal explosive bases report the situation.”

“The first three-phase thermal explosive base is in position.”

“The second three-phase thermal explosive base is in position.”

…

...

“The sixth three-phase thermal bomb explosive base is in position.”

The response in the communication channel was extremely fast.

After hesitating for a moment, Cai Shaochu said, “First and second three-phase thermal bomb base, prepare to enter the firing phase. Other than the five basic firing personnel, all the other unrelated personnel will evacuate. Clear the area within 500 meters of all three-phase thermal explosive bases immediately. No one is allowed to stay.”

Cai Shaochu’s voice was calm and cold.

Once a heavy weapon base that could threaten a Planetary realm powerhouse opened fire, it meant that they would be exposed. Being exposed meant that they would become the target of the other party.

It meant death.

“Get ready. The countdown is 30 seconds.” The quasi-planetary-level powerhouses gathered below had also been divided into battle teams.

Twenty seconds later, Cai Shaochu looked at Hanrich, Polov, and Manut behind him and said softly, “Everyone, let’s gather after we kill the enemy!”

In the next moment, Cai Shaochu soared into the sky and charged towards the two streams of light that were falling towards the moon. Cai Shaochu actually wanted to fight two planetary-level powerhouses alone.

At the same time, more than 30 quasi-planetary-level powerhouses also soared into the sky in groups.

The ground-based defense weapons on the moon were all in a battle-ready state, but they did not move. Technological weapons were useless against Planetary realm powerhouses without the intervention of other forces.

Ten seconds later, Cai Shaochu was the first to attack. He used the word “illusion” to cover the fastest Planetary realm powerhouse.

Almost at the same time, Cai Shaochu floated in the air and spread out his arms, as if he had fused into the endless starry sky. “First and second thermal bombs, lock onto the target on my left!”

“Number One has locked onto the target.”

“Number Two has locked onto the target.”

In the next moment, a large word suddenly enveloped a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Dissimilate Clan who had just been troubled by the word ‘illusion’. That person instantly disappeared on the spot, but he was teleported more than ten kilometers away by Cai Shaochu’s “escape” word.

At the same time, another planetary-level powerhouse from the Fission Race charged towards Cai Shaochu.

A large “deter” character suddenly flew out.

Golden light flashed. The word “deter” was forcefully blocked by the Planetary realm powerhouse, but it could not land.

Cai Shaochu let out a cold grunt. He rubbed his index finger gently. The moment blood gushed out of his index finger, Cai Shaochu wrote a blood-colored word. The blood-colored word overshadowed the light of the previous word. It crushed the golden light around the Planetary realm expert of the Fission Race and instantly froze him in the air.

“Explode!”

In an instant, two three-phase thermal bombs that were dragging a long stream of light blasted out from different directions on the moon. @@novelbin@@

Boom!

A mushroom cloud appeared and exploded. It then collapsed inward and exploded internally. Then, the flames lit up brightly. It bombarded an area of a thousand meters and directly turned into a golden sea of fire.

Another stream of light also took the opportunity to blast fiercely at Cai Shaochu’s side. Cai Shaochu, who was using all his strength to activate the Stabilization Formula, could only take it head-on. While blood appeared at the corner of Cai Shaochu’s mouth, his expression became even more ferocious.

“That’s one. Again! Number Three, Number Four, prepare the three-phase thermal explosive base!”

Almost as soon as Cai Shaochu finished speaking, two streams of light blasted down from the sky above the moon and accurately entered the two bases that had fired the three-phase thermal bombs.

In an instant, a sea of fire rose from the two bases. The three-phase thermal explosive bases of Number One and Number Two were destroyed!

More than 50 streams of light pounced toward the moon from the pitch-black sky.