Chapter 897 - 897 The Worst Preparation And Counterattack

897 The Worst Preparation and Counterattack

Xu Tui contacted Fang You.

To be precise, Fang You was also looking for Xu Tui. Or rather, Cai Shaochu was looking for Xu Tui.

On the way to see Cai Shaochu, Fang You roughly explained to Xu Tui the reason why the quantum teleportation gate defense fortress had fallen.@@novelbin@@

While the Planetary realm guards on the moon and the two Planetary realm experts from The Myth were fighting hard against the six Planetary realm experts from the alien invaders, another Planetary realm expert arrived from the alien invaders’ side.

!!

However, this Planetary realm powerhouse was attacking the Moon’s quantum defense fortress!

This quantum portal defense fortress had been built according to the requirements of being able to defend against a large number of nuclear bombs.

It would take time for a Planetary realm powerhouse to break through it.

However, when the three balls of blazing lightning exploded at the same point, they blasted a huge gap in the 30-meter-thick defensive barrier of the defensive fortress and instantly pierced through.

Lightning flashed!

In less than a minute, a quasi-planet guarding the quantum portal, five Genetic Transmutation Realms, 20 Genetic Evolution Realms, and 1,000 soldiers were all killed in battle.

This last planetary-level powerhouse had ridiculous combat strength. He could be said to be the strongest planetary-level powerhouse among the planetary-level powerhouses who had invaded today.

Then, the other intergalactic invaders also retreated into the quantum portal defense fortress as they fought.

In an instant, the situation changed!

The defensive fortress of the Blue Star humans had suddenly been used by the alien invaders.

Currently, both sides have fallen into a state of confrontation.

Although it was a surprise attack, the Blue Star humans were extremely determined. The invading planetary-level powerhouses and quasi-planetary-level powerhouses suffered heavy casualties. It could be said that everyone was injured.

“If the enemies are gathered together, wouldn’t our technological weapons be able to wash the floor…” Xu Tui smiled bitterly before he could finish his sentence.

He already understood why the most powerful Planetary realm powerhouse of the alien invaders had only attacked the quantum portal defense fortress at the last moment.

He had to be wary of taking action!

Humans did not have the ability to build new quantum teleportation channels at the moment. The quantum teleportation channels that humans had obtained so far had all been seized previously.

The quantum portal between the Moon and Mars was indescribably important.

If a nuclear bomb or even the most lethal three-phase thermal bomb were to bombard the quantum defense fortress, it might not kill a few Planetary realm powerhouses, but it would definitely destroy the quantum portal.

The Blue Star humans would not do that unless they were in the most despair.

Mars was too important!

Fang You could clearly tell that Xu Tui had understood. He had an anxious expression. “No one expected the defensive fortress that we humans built to be occupied by alien invaders to defend us.”

“What about Mars? What about Phobos? What’s the situation?”

“Pull back the defensive line and defend to the death. Wait for the situation to be resolved here!” Fang You said helplessly.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui met Cai Shaochu at the Moon’s underground emergency center. To be precise, Cai Shaochu was soaking in the nutrition chamber.

Cai Shaochu looked extremely miserable. His chest was gone, but his heart was still beating vigorously. The life force of a Planetary realm powerhouse was obvious.

Xu Tui frowned when he probed with his mental perception. To Cai Shaochu, the truly serious injuries were not his physical body, but his mental body.

Xu Tui could sense that Cai Shaochu’s mental body was in tatters. He was severely injured!

Of course, Cai Shaochu’s injuries were worth it!

Cai Shaochu had killed a Planetary realm powerhouse alone and held back two Planetary realm powerhouses. Later on, he even took advantage of Manut being surrounded and killed two other Planetary realm powerhouses to lock onto the current stalemate.

“Principal…”

Cai Shaochu, who was in the nutrition chamber, slowly opened his eyes and revealed a pale smile. Xu Tui became even more worried. Cai Shaochu did not even notice him coming. How badly was he injured?

“How is it? Do you think I’m a little miserable?” Cai Shaochu did not forget to make fun of himself. “This is nothing to me. I’ve told you before. That time decades ago, I only had my head and heart left. That time was much more serious than this. I recovered for three years. This time, I feel that it will be done in a month or two.”

After saying a few words, Cai Shaochu started to pant. Fang You wanted to say something, but Cai Shaochu waved his hand and gestured for Fang You to leave.

“Do you think the Spiritual Race’s surprise attack was because of this captive, Lei Xiang?” Cai Shaochu suddenly asked.

Xu Tui frowned. “That’s possible.”

“Then do you think it’s about people or things?”

“What do you mean?” Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. He suddenly understood what Cai Shaochu meant. “Principal, are you talking about the quantum array core?

“Are you saying that what Lei Xiang said is all true? Not only can we upgrade and strengthen the quantum teleportation channel with this quantum array core, but we can also directly establish a quantum teleportation channel?”

“That’s the only possibility! The fiercer their surprise attack, the more valuable this thing is to us. Now, what we have to do is to survive this crisis and protect Mars. As long as we survive this, the boundless starry sky will be very different for us,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, do you need me to do anything?”

“Did you activate a portion of the genetic ability chain in the quantum entanglement state?” Cai Shaochu asked.

Xu Tui looked up in shock.

“There’s no need to hide it from me. I can deduce this from the details of the battle records that Zhu Lang and the others reported to me,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. “Yes, I didn’t want to hide it from you. I’m just very surprised that you know about it.”

“You should be the one carrying Ah Huang now, right?”

Xu Tui was stunned again. Cai Shaochu knew a lot about Genetic Miracles. He even knew about Ah Huang.

“Let it receive the information.”

Xu Tui did not understand.

“Although the worst-case scenario has yet to happen, we have to prepare for the worst. The Huaxia Sector’s secret fire seed plan has been activated. You are one of the candidates I chose.

“Especially the research materials related to the quantum array core. We will give them all to you. As long as we solve the material and resonance problems, we will be able to create the quantum array core.

...

“I can’t predict the future, but no matter what happens, as long as the fire seed is not destroyed, Huaxia will not be destroyed!”

At this point, Cai Shaochu’s expression suddenly became ferocious. “The traitor Black Hole that you mentioned previously is either Itavi, Haren, or their disciples. Be careful of them.”

The hatred in Xu Tui’s heart was indescribable when he mentioned the traitor Black Hole. If it was really one of these two people, then the two of them leaving the moon at the critical moment was a conspiracy of the alien invaders.

It would not be too much to cut him up!

What was more, the enemy was in front of them, and the traitor was still there!

“Principal, can’t we find them?”

“There’s no evidence! Even if there is, we can’t find it now. The commotion is too great!” Cai Shaochu sighed.

“Alright, remember to encrypt the information and save it in many ways. Also, no matter what situation you encounter, remember to prioritize your life.” Cai Shaochu was very tired after explaining so much. He waved his hand. Xu Tui had yet to leave when he closed his eyes in the nutrition chamber.

Xu Tui finally managed to contact Li Zhen after he left Cai Shaochu’s place. With Li Zhen’s help, he took out the upgraded combat uniform of the Worldly Special Force from the Genetic Armament Center that had been sealed off because of the destruction.

It also resolved Xu Tui and the others’ urgent needs.

“How are things on Mars and Phobos?” Xu Tui asked with concern.

...

“The Blue Star has always placed great importance on the defense of Mars and Phobos. During the non-energy tide, the various sectors will send a Planetary realm powerhouse to their respective bases. There were also Planetary realm powerhouses guarding on Phobos.

“Currently, the Planetary realm powerhouses over there have all gathered on Phobos. There are a total of nine Planetary realm powerhouses,” Li Zhen said.

Xu Tui became a little anxious when he heard Li Zhen’s words. “All of them are gathered at Phobos. Do we have to give up on the quantum portal of the Huaxia Mars base?”

An Xiaoxue would not be able to return if they gave up on the quantum portal for exploration.

“We definitely won’t give up easily! Only by gathering Planetary realm powerhouses can we form a deterrent. Currently, our planetary-level powerhouses had already restrained the planetary-level powerhouses who were attacking Mars. However, the current situation on Mars is not optimistic!”

“What is it?”

“The alien invasion army is descending continuously through the quantum portal. As for our warriors on Mars, one sacrifice is one less! They might not be able to last long if they’re isolated and helpless,” Li Zhen said.

Xu Tui was silent. He had already realized this when the alien invaders retreated to the defense fortress of the moon’s quantum teleportation tunnel. Even a quasi-planetary-level would not be able to do anything about this, let alone Xu Tui.

The possibility of him rushing over was that he would be instantly blasted into pieces.

“What about the command center? Do they have a plan?” Xu Tui asked.

“We’re trying our best to mobilize as many forces as possible. When we’re done, we might try our best to snatch back the quantum teleportation channel. If Mars is lost, our Blue Star will have no future!” Li Zhen said in a low voice.

In the next few days, other than the probing battles between the Planetary realm powerhouses, there was not much movement on the moon.

However, every day, there were sky fighter jets that rose and fell.

The human elites were constantly gathering.

Over the past few days, all the Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators had been gathered together. The only thing they could do was cultivate.

On the 14th of October, Xu Tui, who was cultivating, suddenly sensed a large number of powerful auras rising without any hesitation.

Xu Tui stood up abruptly.

A large number of figures rose from all directions and slowly gathered in the direction of the defense fortress of the moon’s quantum teleportation tunnel.

The counterattack of the Blue Star humans was about to begin!

Mars situation could no longer be delayed.

If they delayed any longer, Mars would really fall!