Chapter 890 - 890 Accidental Fireworks In The Night Sky (2)

890 Accidental Fireworks in the Night Sky (2)

He asked him to register and establish the Worldly Compensation Foundation with an initial capital of two billion.

In the beginning, only Yue Qiang’s family members would be included in the compensation package. Then, the families of all the members of the Worldly Special Force would be included in the management warehouse, including Xu Tui’s parents.

Once a member died in battle, the Worldly Compensation Foundation would take action and issue a long-term compensation guarantee.

The emphasis was on long-term guarantees.

Even if something happened to the pillar of the family, it could ensure that the family did not have to worry about food and clothing. They would not have to worry about money.

The Aerospace Combat Jet flew very quickly. It could return to the Blue Star from the Moon in less than six hours.

Xu Tui took a look at the moon before the Aerospace Combat Jet charged into the atmosphere.

The only regret this time was that the pioneer raiders team had already set off when Xu Tui returned due to the time difference caused by the planet’s rotation.

He did not see An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue had already gone to an unknown planet to explore.

However, according to Cai Shaochu, the pioneer raiders team was very stable at the moment. Moreover, after some time, when this batch of pioneer raiders team sent more accurate information, the Blue Star would organize the fourth batch of pioneer raiders team to set off.

Xu Tui planned to register for the fourth batch of pioneer raiders.

On the morning of October 4th, Xu Tui landed at the Juntian Sky Harbor. An hour and a half later, Xu Tui, who had been quickly tested and sanitized, appeared in the neighborhood where his parents lived.

In the district, Zhuang Ziqiang opened a slightly remote chess tea room for the two elders. They drank tea and played chess every day. It could be considered a pastime.

Zhang Xiuli raised a balcony of flowers. Every day, other than brewing tea and cooking, she would tend to the flowers.

When Xu Tui, who had reached 1.88 meters tall and was carrying a huge backpack, appeared at the door of the chess tea room, the sunlight that was suddenly blocked made Zhang Xiuli, who was arranging flowers, freeze. She turned around and saw Xu Tui,

who was laughing under the sunlight.

Zhang Xiuli wiped her eyes and composed herself. After confirming that she was not hallucinating, tears welled up in her eyes.

Xu Tui did not hide the fact that he had participated in the space invasion from them. They could not contact him for two months, so they could not hide this matter.

At this moment, Zhang Xiuli looked at her son, who had returned after the battle. She suddenly rushed over and hammered Xu Tui a few times. “You damn child, why didn’t you call in advance when you returned? I didn’t prepare anything.”

She kept sizing Xu Tui up, afraid that Xu Tui would lose an arm or leg.

A few minutes later, the beaming Zhang Xiuli wiped the corner of her eyes and instantly rushed into the chess tea room. She immediately flipped over Xu Jianguo’s chess game.

Xu Jianguo frowned. “You woman, what’s wrong with you?” @@novelbin@@

“You only know how to play chess. You don’t even know that your son is back. Hurry up and buy me groceries. Hurry up. I’ll send you a list,” Zhang Xiuli shouted.

Xu Jianguo was stunned. He suddenly stood up. “My son is back?” He rushed to the outer room and saw Xu Tui, who was laughing. He looked at him for a full minute before Xu Jianguo nodded vigorously. “It’s good that you’re back. It’s good that you’re back. I… I’ll go buy groceries. I’ll go now…”

The feeling of returning home was indescribable to those who were fighting outside. After a delicious meal, Xu Tui fell asleep the moment he touched the bed. He slept from noon on the 4th of October to the morning of the 5th of October.

All the fatigue, tension, and pressure completely dissipated after he returned home.

When he woke up, there was a sumptuous meal. There were also all kinds of questions and concerns.

In the past, Xu Tui would find his parents’ questions annoying and long-winded. However, now, he felt a sense of happiness. Xu Tui answered patiently, including the situation in the extra-terrestrial.

Of course, it was a fundamental principle to report the good news without the bad.

On the afternoon of the 4th, Xu Tui went to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and took a look at the Research Institute Number 14. Mr. Bian Yuan was currently presiding over the meeting. There was also a new student. After chatting, Xu Tui personally killed 40 of himself and pushed all 40 of them into the incinerator.

The internal rule of the Genetic Miracle was that one had to prepare a new clone body after a major breakthrough in their ability or cultivation.

Under normal circumstances, it was possible to prepare it once every three to five years. At Ji Guoliang and He Yunfeng’s level, it was possible to prepare it once every seven to eight years.

However, Xu Tui was a little diligent. He had prepared four to five clones in a year.

“Ah Huang, the chips are all here. Do it yourself.”

In the data research room that Ah Huang independently owned in the Research Institute Number 14, Xu Tui took out the planetary-level quantum chip and 60 meteor-level quantum chips that he had obtained from the resource planet.

Ah Huang wanted to use these chips to upgrade Xu Tui’s personal communication device.

“I have a choice. The original plan was to send the 45 meteor-level quantum chips to my main body’s data center in the extra-terrestrial to upgrade my main body. However, because of the difference in star levels, the increase in my main body’s computing power is not much to the me who is following you now. Look, either follow the original plan or integrate all the chips into your personal communication device center,” Ah Huang suddenly asked.

“What’s the difference?”

“The first method is to use a planetary-level quantum chip and nine meteor-level quantum chips to form a quantum array. Without changing the appearance and power supply system of the existing communication devices, its performance can be increased by several times. It’s about a little lower than the Blue Star’s meteor-level super quantum computer,” Ah Huang said.

“Why is the performance of the planetary-level quantum chip still lower than the Blue Star’s meteor-level quantum supercomputer?” Xu Tui asked in confusion.