Chapter 899 - 899 Secondary Strategy And Countdown (2)

899 Secondary Strategy and Countdown (2)

“In addition, prepare for the worst. If we really can’t hold on until then, we will evacuate from this temporary planetary-level passageway to the transit planet. However, we have to destroy the quantum teleportation passageway here before we evacuate. In that case, our strategic goal could still be achieved! You will still receive contribution points and rewards,” Lei Zhen said.

Hearing this, the six planetary-level powerhouses and 37 quasi-planetary-level powerhouses in the defense fortress agreed.

There were only so many alien invaders left after the surprise attack on the moon that day. Three planetary-level powerhouses and 13 quasi-planetary-level powerhouses died in battle. At this moment, half of the remaining combat strength was injured, and their combat strength had decreased.

However, the planetary-level quantum teleportation channel for the evacuation had been completed. The Mars strategy had also reached the most critical moment.

Once they captured Mars and Phobos again, it would definitely be a major victory.

Such contribution would definitely be able to lift the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian, into the Sanctuary. Once Lei Tian entered the Sanctuary, it would be extremely meaningful to the Thunder Division. Only then would their branch become the true higher-ups of the Spiritual Race.

“Are there any connections with Black Hole?” Lei Zhen suddenly asked.

Currently, they have confirmed that the status of Black Hole in the Blue Star Human Race should be very high. Lei Zhen wanted to obtain the Blue Star Human Race’s counterattack plan from Black Hole at the critical moment, but he did not expect that he could not contact Black Hole.

“Send a message to Black Hole. We can provide the direction for a Planetary realm powerhouse to break through and improve.”@@novelbin@@

The expression of the other Planetary realm powerhouse changed. “Sir, even we…”

Lei Zhen waved his hand. “Don’t be nervous. We’ll just hang the bait first! We’ll further confirm the identity of Black Hole. If it’s operated well, Black Hole might become a key turning point in this battle. It might also allow us to obtain even more benefits in this battle…”

Suddenly, a dazzling and dense stream of light rose from afar. Lei Zhen suddenly waved his hand. “Let’s fight! Target, hold on for two hours and 21 minutes. Retreat to Mars to participate in the battle!”

Dense light rose from the ground or underground combat bases on the moon. This time, the Planetary-realm powerhouses of the alien invaders were all guarding the defensive fortress, so they were not afraid of being exposed.

However, he had to control the accuracy and intensity of his shots. If he accidentally destroyed the quantum teleportation channel, he would have no tears.

In the Huaxia Sector’s general base, Xu Tui and the others, who had been on standby to cultivate for a few days, found a suitable spot to watch because of this commotion.

This was the first time Xu Tui had seen such a large-scale battle against a Planetary realm powerhouse.

The first to be mobilized were the various large-scale destructive weapons on the Blue Star.

Laser cannons, electromagnetic railguns, and high-frequency vibrating particle beams that could destroy defensive fortresses focused on the defensive fortresses.

Then, a scene that stunned Xu Tui appeared.

These technological weapons that could be said to have destructive power looked like toys under the intervention of the various planetary-level powerhouses. If its power was not reduced, it would turn a corner, rebound, or be destroyed before it could get close.

At the same time, the Planetary realm powerhouses and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star also moved.

Within five days, five planetary-level powerhouses and 21 quasi-planetary-level powerhouses had gathered on the Blue Star, including Itavi and Haren, who had rushed back.

Not only did Itavi return from the India Sector, but he also transferred another planetary-level powerhouse, Nott, to suppress his doubts.

It was the same for the American Sector. Other than Haren’s return, another Planetary realm powerhouse from the American Sector, Haydoff, had also come to help. Including the Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector, Jagren, and the two from The Myth, there were as many as 10 planetary-level human experts on the moon.

However, only nine people could participate in the battle.

Cai Shaochu was seriously injured and was still in the nutrition chamber.

On the Blue Star’s side, there were also 64 quasi-planetary-level powerhouses who could participate in the battle.

The Moon was the base camp of the Blue Star humans. After a rapid reaction, it was normal for them to have an advantage in terms of strength.

With this lineup, they would definitely be able to kill Lei Zhen and the others.

Unfortunately, Lei Zhen and the others were guarding the moon’s defensive fortress. They were even guarding the side of the moon’s quantum teleportation channel. That was how they managed to drag it out until now.

As the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses from the Blue Star participated in the battle, the situation quickly tilted towards the Blue Star.

The powerhouses on the Blue Star had restrained the power of the other party, allowing the Blue Star technological weapons that had been like toys to begin to take effect.

The defensive fortress that the Blue Star humans had built for decades and was dozens of meters thick began to melt and peel off layer by layer.

The casualties on both sides were not great, but the battle was extremely intense.

Especially the attacks of the Planetary realm powerhouses and technological weapons that missed. Wherever they landed, they turned into ruins.

Twenty minutes after the battle began, a ball of fire exploded continuously from Itavi’s hand. The defensive fortress, which had already been stripped of several layers, finally had a gap of dozens of meters.

Lei Zhen and the others, who were guarding inside, were finally completely exposed to the attack range of the Blue Star experts.

With the advantage of numbers, Lei Zhen’s side instantly became flustered.

“This Itavi is very strong!” Lei Zhen narrowed his eyes. In just 20 seconds, a Planetary realm powerhouse was severely injured and four quasi-planetary realm powerhouses died in battle.

This was especially so for the technological weapons that had originally threatened them. Under the restraint and cooperation of the Blue Star experts, they displayed immense power.

“Sir, I’m afraid I can’t hold on much longer.”

Lei Zhen was also a little helpless. Their Thunder Division was better at attacking, especially when they cooperated with the Thunder Evasion. It could be said to be the enemy’s nightmare. But now, he felt very passive to stay in a place and defend like a firefighter.

“What a pity!” Lei Zhen sighed. “If this Planetary-level quantum teleportation channel can fuse with the Moon quantum teleportation channel, we can retreat to Mars. If we retreated to Mars, we would be able to surround and annihilate the nine Planetary realm powerhouses on Mars.

“After losing nine planetary-level powerhouses, the power of the Blue Star would probably be crippled by us! At that time, not only would we occupy Mars, but we would also be able to break through the Moon and return to the Blue Star. Once we can return to the Blue Star, we can enter the Sanctuary…

“What a pity…”

Sighing, Lei Zhen gave a new order. “Prepare to retreat. However, before we retreat, we must destroy the original quantum teleportation channel on the moon. This way, after the secondary strategic goal was completed, the commander-in-chief would be able to completely capture Mars and Phobos. Diwu Hui, interrupt the fusion and destroy the original quantum teleportation channel on the moon!”

“Alright, Sir.” Diwu Hui, whose forehead was covered in sweat, heaved a sigh of relief.

Almost at the same time, in the moon’s underground fortress-like command center, the adjutant suddenly reported anxiously, “Reporting to the commander-in-chief, the energy transfer of the moon’s quantum teleportation channel has been interrupted!”

“Hmm?” Wei Bin glared and roared, “Mr. Jagren, attack! The countdown of 292 seconds begins!”