Chapter 894 - 894 Saving People, Losing Land, And Real Military Target? (2)

894 Saving People, Losing Land, and Real Military Target? (2)

“In position!”

This time, everyone answered without hesitation.

“All sectors, hand over the command of the Fallen Star Team to the quasi-planetary-level powerhouses from each sector.”

Wei Bin’s words made the atmosphere inexplicably solemn.

Handing over the command of the Fallen Star team to the quasi-planetary-level powerhouses who were participating in the battle meant that the Fallen Star team was going to participate in the battle.

The participation of the Fallen Star team represented sacrifice.

At the same time, various energy lights had already illuminated the sky above the moon.

From the Blue Star, the moon suddenly became bright and glaring.

The Blue Star had been running the Moon for almost a hundred years. They had been building the Moon’s defense system for more than 60 years.

The previous surprise attack had only destroyed the Moon’s space defense. The Moon’s ground defense had already begun to counterattack after the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts bought precious time.

This was especially so for laser cannons and electromagnetic railguns. When there were Planetary realm powerhouses or quasi-planetary realm powerhouses restraining the enemy, the hit rate was very high.

Without a doubt, the energy intensity of a heavy weapon on the Moon that was used to defend against alien invaders could be imagined. Even a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse would feel uncomfortable if they were hit.

Even if they were not killed on the spot, they would be severely injured by the concentrated fire of three to five laser cannons. Then, they would be killed by the quasi-planetary-level powerhouses on the Blue Star.

However, the drawbacks of this kind of ground weapon were also extremely great.

The quasi-planetary-level powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Dissimilate Clan who were good at long-range attacks would immediately bombard the exposed ground batteries.

Many cannons would be destroyed the moment they attacked. Every moment, elites and warriors from the Blue Star died in battle. However, every death was meaningful.

At this moment, every warrior was actually a falling star!

In the command hall of the underground fortress, the person-in-charge of the six alliances began to dispute a topic.

“I think that we can mobilize reinforcements from Mars! We can use the quantum teleportation channel on Mars at all costs. It shouldn’t be a problem to send 50 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts over, right?

“Even if it’s three against one, 50 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts can withstand 17 quasi-planetary-level experts. They can buy precious time for the Planetary-realm garrison and the others. They can also better restrain the enemy and use ground energy weapons to kill the enemy!” The deputy director of the Russian Genetic Committee, Plesian, suggested.

“You can do that, but the quantum storm triggered by doing so will cause the quantum portal between Mars and the moon to be paralyzed for more than a year!” Doge Antheus, the deputy director of the European Sector Genetic Committee, said.

“I also think that it’s feasible to mobilize reinforcements from Mars! The loss of the moon will be too great if this continues!” Cabanda, the deputy director of the Africa Genetic Committee, said.

The three of them agreed. The person-in-charge looked at Wei Bin, who was acting as the commander. Wei Bin pointed at the battle image and said, “Then what do you think the military goal of the alien invaders’ surprise attack on the moon is?”

“Any military operation has a purpose! If seven planetary-level powerhouses and more than 50 quasi-planetary-level powerhouses attack the moon, the humans of the Blue Star won’t have much of a chance of winning. Then, are they purely here to cause trouble?” Wei Bin analyzed.

“I don’t think so! There should be other military motives behind their surprise attack on the moon!” Wei Bin said.

“Mars?”

“More than that!”

“Phobos?”

Hearing this, Wei Bin nodded. “Phobos or Mars should be their true goal. As long as we gather reinforcements or overload the quantum portal between the Moon and Mars, Mars will immediately become an isolated island and they will achieve their military goal!”

The command hall was silent. Everyone knew very well that this possibility was very high. However, the pressure on the moon was unprecedented.

“Old Cai, you’re in a great battle. Do you think we should mobilize reinforcements from Mars?”

Cai Shaochu’s violent panting suddenly came from the communication device. Cai Shaochu was in a difficult situation when he fought two planetary-level powerhouses alone, especially when he had killed a planetary-level powerhouse at the cost of his injuries. “No! None of the current Planetary-realm beings are… from the Spiritual Race! They… have other motives! Mobilize from the Blue Star!”

Wei Bin turned around and looked at everyone. The opinions of the frontline combatants were clear. The people in charge present were usually fighting among themselves, but at this moment, they were extremely clear-headed. All of them were extremely rational.

“Have you reconnected with the Blue Star?”

“I’ve already contacted them. It’s just that the signal is slightly delayed because of the transit connection.”

“Order, the quasi-planetary-level and genetic transmutation-level cultivators on the Blue Star have already gathered. Support the Moon as soon as possible. Fly to the Moon at the standard speed of a fighter jet disintegrating!” Wei Bin said.

The order was quickly given.

The Moon’s defense system also began to completely take effect, stopping the enemy’s attacks. However, at this moment, three huge spots of light suddenly appeared on the energy detector.@@novelbin@@

“Three more Planetary-realm?”

Almost at the same time, Manut’s cry of surprise suddenly rang out from the communication device of the person-in-charge of the Africa Sector, Cabanda. “Electromagnetic network support, I’m being besieged!”

On the screen displayed by the energy detector, four huge spots of light representing the Planetary realm surrounded Manut at the same time.

“Oh my god, three planetary-level Spirits, save me!” Manut exclaimed.

The person-in-charge of the Africa Sector, Cabanda, gave the order crazily. Countless bolts of lightning rose from the ground and blasted in Manut’s direction.

Manut was a lightning-type supernatural being!

On the screen, light instantly connected.

“Manut!” Hanrich, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector, roared.

At the same time, the lightning instantly exploded. The glaring light illuminated the moon as bright as day.

On the Blue Star, they also saw an extremely dazzling ball of light explode in the direction of the moon at the same time. The strength of the explosion even covered the brilliance of the moon.

A huge word suddenly appeared around Cai Shaochu, who was fighting two planetary-level powerhouses. The moment the word “escape” appeared, Cai Shaochu disappeared on the spot. When he reappeared, three blood-colored words suddenly enveloped the place where Manut died.

“Third to eighth three-phase thermal bombs, blast them away!” Cai Shaochu roared.

Light began to flash wildly. The three-phase thermal bombs swayed its tail and soared into the sky. However, the two planetary-level powerhouses that Cai Shaochu had just escaped from also instantly caught up.

It might only take a second for the three-phase thermal explosive to hit its target. However, in a second, Cai Shaochu took no less than ten direct blows from the two planetary-level powerhouses.

Ancient seal characters kept appearing, shattering, and vomiting blood!

The moment the three-phase thermal bomb exploded, everything below Cai Shaochu’s chest had been destroyed. A Yin-Yang fish with several large words inlaid in it protected Cai Shaochu’s head and chest.

...

In the command center of the underground fortress, everyone held their breaths. If Cai Shaochu was gone, the scene from a hundred years ago might happen again!

The darkest moment of the Blue Star might descend!

On the screen, Cai Shaochu was still alive, but in that situation…

Suddenly, the four huge energy spots that represented planetary-level powerhouses gathered in the direction of Manut. Under the continuous explosion of the three-phase thermal bombs, two huge spots of light disappeared!

This meant that two planetary-level powerhouses of the alien invaders had been killed! The other two were injured even if they were alive.

The pressure was greatly reduced. However, this was also exchanged for the death of the Planetary realm powerhouse, Manut, and the serious injury of Cai Shaochu.

Currently, the difference between the Planetary-realm powerhouses was six to three. Although two of the other party were seriously injured, the pressure on the Blue Star was huge.

Wei Bin looked at this scene with a solemn expression. He lowered his head and sent a message to Cai Shaochu. It was just a few words.

“When people lose their land, people and land exist!”

The moment Wei Bin lowered his head, two huge spots of light that represented the power of a Planetary-realm powerhouse suddenly appeared on the battle screen.

The expressions of everyone in the combat command hall changed!

...

Was the moon doomed?

Were they wrong in their judgment just now? Was the enemy’s real military target the moon?