Chapter 898 - 898 Secondary Strategy And Countdown (1)

898 Secondary Strategy and Countdown (1)

The fortress that the Blue Star humans had used to defend against the alien invaders had now become a dangerous place guarded by the alien invaders. This change was a little ironic.

But now, the humans of the Blue Star had to destroy this fortress.

In the command center of the moon’s underground fortress, Wei Bin once again took on the role of the commander-in-chief of this counterattack. The true commander-in-chief of the moon, Raymont, was a little embarrassed.

“Confirm the status of the quantum portal one last time and confirm the time limit.” Wei Bin asked.

“Report, the equipment shows that the energy of the quantum portal has already begun to move toward the new quantum channel. At the current rate, the energy transfer will be completed in five hours at most. However, we can’t be sure if this energy transfer rate will accelerate.”

Wei Bin glanced at the people in charge of the various sectors in the command hall. “Based on this, the time limit for this counterattack is one hour. Battle goal: Expel or partially annihilate the Planetary realm alien invaders and completely take back the Moon quantum teleportation channel.

“Intensity: No cost! Connect me to Mr. Jagren,” Wei Bin ordered.

Jagren was a Planetary realm powerhouse who had returned to participate in the battle. He was a Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector. His abilities were rather special.

“Commander-in-chief, the call has been connected.”

“Lieutenant General, I am Jagren.”

“Mr. Jagren, this matter is of utmost importance. I want to confirm one last time if you are ready to attack at any time.” Wei Bin asked.

“Lieutenant General, I’ve entered the best combat position. I can affect the moon’s quantum portal at any time,” Jagren said.

“Okay, it can only last for five minutes at all costs?” Wei Bin asked.

“Lieutenant General, four minutes and fifty-two seconds to be precise.”

“There’s no possibility of increasing the duration?”

“There are several people who can increase the duration of my ability, but they are not here. Mr. Cai Shaochu can do it, but Cai…” Jagren said.

“Understood. The battle is about to begin. Please await orders.” In the command hall, Wei Bin had a serious expression. “From this moment on, everyone, including Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses, will enter the range of the wartime regulations!

“There’s no need to elaborate on the wartime rules. The goal is to take back the quantum teleportation channel. All ground units will begin to reload their ammunition and undergo the final charge.”

…

In the defense fortress of the moon’s quantum teleportation tunnel, Lei Zhen was the decision maker, be it his status as a major general of the Spiritual Race or his status in the forward operating base.

The abnormal movements of the Blue Star humans at this moment naturally attracted their attention.

“How long is the migration time of the moon’s quantum teleportation tunnel?” Lei Zhen asked.

Diwu Hui, a planetary-level powerhouse from the Fission Race who was good at quantum teleportation’s fission and fusion, immediately answered respectfully.

“Sir, at the current rate, it will take another four hours and 47 minutes for the original quantum teleportation channel on the moon to fuse into the newly established expendable quantum teleportation channel that can be used by Planetary realm powerhouses. It will completely solidify our newly established controllable quantum teleportation channel,” Diwu Hui said.

“After the solidification is completed, how long will it take for us to close or limit the flow of the newly established planetary-level quantum teleportation channel?” Lei Zhen asked.

The Spiritual Race had a stringent plan for this operation. Saving Lei Xiang was just one of the small steps. However, in the entire plan, rescuing Lei Xiang was just a matter of time. It could be said that he could not do it.

He wanted to save Lei Xiang, but he could not show it directly.

Otherwise, with the shrewdness of the Blue Star humans, they would definitely realize the value of Lei Xiang and completely dig out the value of Lei Xiang. In that case, it would be troublesome!

Therefore, this mission to rescue Lei Xiang was just a small part of the war.

“Sir, if the newly established planetary-level quantum teleportation channel is solidified after fusing with the moon fire quantum teleportation channel, it will take at least three hours to completely close it.

“However, it would be much easier if the flow was limited. Fifteen seconds after we evacuate to Mars, we will be able to reduce the flow of energy to a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. A minute later, the passing standard is lowered to a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert,” Diwu Hui said.

“What else?” Lei Zhen frowned.

“There’s no way to limit the flow anymore. The Planetary-level quantum teleportation channel can only limit the flow to the Genetic Transmutation Realm at most,” Diwu Hui said.

“It’s fine. As long as we successfully retreat to Mars, it would be better for them to follow a large number of Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. It would greatly weaken their strength. It’s still very easy for us to kill Transmutation Realm experts.”

After saying that, Lei Zhen sensed the powerful aura rising in the distance. “However, I’m afraid the Blue Star humans won’t give us that much time.”@@novelbin@@

“That’s right. With the current standards of the Blue Star Humans, they should be able to monitor and discover that we are transferring and fusing the original quantum transmission channel of the Moon Fire,” Diwu Hui said.

“Can you speed up the fusion?” Lei Zhen asked.

“If I don’t participate in the battle and control it with all my might, I can speed up it by more than double,” Diwu Hui said.

“More than double? That would take two hours and 23 minutes. It’s still possible to defend this time. Then continue hosting. You are not allowed to participate in the battle unless you have no choice.”