Chapter 896 - 896 The Serious Consequences Of Defeat

896 The Serious Consequences of Defeat

The fireworks in the night sky and the orders from the extraterrestrial combat command to gather a large number of combat personnel quickly spread the news of the attack on the moon.

Although it had been peaceful for decades, the emergency experience after the Blue Star was invaded a hundred years ago was preserved and passed down.

The various alliances on the Blue Star did not cover it up. Instead, they chose to announce the truth of the attack on the moon. Of course, the intensity of the attack was greatly reduced.

At the same time, all the cities in the various sectors announced that they were in a Level 2 alert state. The military began to maintain order on the streets. All the citizens were told to stay at home and purchase living supplies in an orderly manner.

!!

There were small disturbances. There were even protests in the other sectors, but it was basically stable.

On the Huaxia Sector’s side, the military immediately transferred the researchers underground. The students from the various Genetic Evolution Colleges, the volunteer teams of third-year and fourth-year students, and the first-year and second-year students had already been gathered and could be transferred underground at any time.

Half an hour after the attack on the Moon, the Blue Star had entered a battle-ready state.

Xu Tui’s parents had slightly higher rights than ordinary people. Coupled with Xu Tui’s mid-grade Level B rights that now belonged to the leader of the alliance. Therefore, Xu Tui’s parents also enjoyed some special treatment and were immediately transferred to the underground shelter.

Half an hour after the moon was attacked, Xu Tui reported to the Juntian Spaceport.

The Juntian Spaceport was bustling with activity. Aerospace Combat Jets took off at all times.

That’s right. Only the Aerospace Combat Jet would take off now. The sky shuttle that could carry more people was temporarily not activated. During wartime, the cumbersome and huge sky shuttle would easily be wiped out by the enemy.

“Salute, Commander!” At the reporting office, an officer stood at attention after verifying Xu Tui’s information and learning about Xu Tui’s individual level rights.

“What are the arrangements for the Worldly Special Force?” Xu Tui asked after returning the greeting.

“Commander Xu, the orders of the extraterrestrial command are that Planetary realm, quasi-planetary realm, and Genetic Transmutation realm are to set off first. A fighter jet could carry a maximum of 12 people. They set off at full speed.

“Cultivators at the Genetic Evolution Realm and members of the various special forces are currently gathering. The timing to set off to the Moon for reinforcements would have to wait for orders.” the officer said.

Xu Tui nodded. He did not say anything else and did not cause trouble. With the arrival of war, listening to orders was the best choice.

“By the way, are there any Planetary realm reinforcements?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”

Under normal circumstances, Planetary realm powerhouses rarely stayed on the Blue Star. Other than the fact that the Blue Star was homegrown, it was also related to the concentration of energy on the Blue Star.

The energy density on the Blue Star was like a desert. However, according to Tian Suqing’s previous words, Itavi had returned to the Blue Star. Unfortunately, even if Itavi turned around to the moon, he would also take off and turn around from the sky port in the India Sector.

“Ah Huang, help me gather more information.”

The other members of the Worldly Special Force were all on their way here. Other than Mu Xingluan, who was a little further away, the others could arrive in an hour.

Xu Tui wanted to know about the situation on the moon. He contacted Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, who should be on the moon, but he could not contact them.

In the Juntian Spaceport, Xu Tui kept seeing familiar faces. They were taking fighter jets to the moon.

A few professors from the Genetic Evolution College were also included. Not long after, Xu Tui saw a few seniors who had rushed over. Xu Tui’s teacher, Shen Jiushuang, was among them. They did not say much. Xu Tui greeted them from afar. Shen Jiushuang, who was wearing a combat uniform, patted Xu Tui’s shoulder and got off the Aerospace Combat Jet.

During wartime, the spaceport operated extremely quickly. It soared into the sky a few minutes later.

Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, and the others, who had just gathered, looked at each other and thought of a troublesome matter.

“Commander, our combat uniforms are still at the Moon Genetic Equipment Center.”

“Mine too.”

This was also a rather awkward and worrying aspect.

During this space invasion, the members of the Worldly Special Force had seized a lot of things, especially precious Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy. Therefore, after returning to the Moon, before returning to the Blue Star, everyone handed their combat uniforms over to the Genetic Armament Center to be remade.

Previously, although their combat uniforms were custom-made, the main materials were all Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy. They were mainly memory and self-repair functions, as well as environmental protection functions. Their defense was not good.

He could easily tear apart a Genetic Evolution Realm expert.

The grades of the materials were there.

This time, he used them all to upgrade the Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy. Even if he stood still and let a Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator blast him, it would take a few blows to break his combat uniform that was purely made of Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

It also had a certain level of defense against Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

Everyone had chosen to strengthen and upgrade, causing them to not have any combat uniforms with them. Without a combat uniform, as long as they were injured to a certain extent and their bodily functions decreased, the environment could kill them.

“It’s fine. We don’t know about the situation on the moon yet. We’ll see if we can take out our combat uniform when we get there. If not, we’ll just get our standard combat uniform,” Xu Tui said.

“Xu Tui, according to the information I gathered from the Internet, the India Sector’s guru, Itavi, and his disciple, Kitawan, have already boarded the Aerospace Combat Jet and set off. They will reach the moon in four hours,” Ah Huang said.

Ah Huang had already completed its upgrade. The price was that Xu Tui’s personal communication device was more than a third larger than the others. According to Ah Huang, its performance had increased several times, but it had not shown itself yet.

Two hours later, Mu Xingluan arrived.

The Worldly Special Force had gathered.

Just as Xu Tui thought that he had to continue waiting, the latest order from the Moon came from the Juntian Harbor. The members of the special forces who had completed the assembly and recruited the Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators who had returned began to return in an orderly manner.

Xu Tui and the others still did not know about the situation on the moon. However, based on the current situation, although it was not the worst, it was definitely not easy. The Aerospace Combat Jet that the members of the Worldly Special Force were on did not overload like before after they took off.

Once this kind of technological creation was overloaded, the price was to be scrapped!

This meant that the situation on the moon might have improved. Of course, perhaps it was because cultivators at the Genetic Evolution Realm could not affect the situation that they did this.

Five hours later, Xu Tui and the others successfully landed at the spaceport of the Huaxia Base on the Moon. The various bases on the moon were covered in traces of battle. At this moment, even the energy defense barrier was gone. However, the situation did not look too bad.

But not long after he landed, Xu Tui heard bad news.

The fortress of the moon’s quantum teleportation channel had been lost!

This news made Xu Tui’s hair stand on end.

The consequences of losing the quantum teleportation channel were too terrifying!

Any military novice could tell that once the quantum teleportation channel on the moon was lost, it meant that Mars and Phobos had become an isolated island. Even if they sent reinforcements from the Moon at this moment, it would take four months for the reinforcements to arrive on Mars.

Phobos and Mars would definitely not be able to withstand four months of isolation.@@novelbin@@

The military goal of the alien invaders this time was actually clearer. Mars, or perhaps Phobos.

...

It was very likely Mars!

Mars was currently the largest source of Origin Crystals for humans. Two-thirds of the Origin Crystals of the humans on the Blue Star, especially the stable production of Origin Crystals, all came from Mars.

Currently, two-thirds of the rare metals used to manufacture various aerospace fighter jets and aerospace aircraft came from Mars.

As for the Blue Star, most of the ores had been developed and dried up. This was also the reason why the India Sector had risked their lives to establish their base on Mars over the years. It represented the most important resource.

Once humans lost Mars, the impact on humans could be imagined.

In a few years, after the reserves were exhausted, humans would not have enough metal to make aerospace combat jets, various combat armors, and technological weapons. When the alien invaders descended a hundred years ago, the humans of the Blue Star could still exhaust and destroy the resources of the Blue Star and even the Moon.

However, many of the resources on the Blue Star had been exhausted, and the Moon was about to be destroyed. If they lost Mars, the situation that humans faced might be much worse than a hundred years ago.

You can’t make bricks without straw!

This was something that all the members of the Worldly Special Force could think of. However, it was not the reason why Xu Tui’s hair stood on end.

The reason Xu Tui’s hair stood on end was An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and the others had already gone to an unknown planet to explore through the quantum portal that had appeared on Mars. If Mars fell into the hands of the alien invaders, the consequences would be…

...

As long as they destroyed this quantum portal, An Xiaoxue and the others would probably never be able to return.

With humanity’s current technology, the distance of the vast universe was calculated in light years. It would be fine if it was in the solar system. If it was outside the solar system, then…

As for searching?

Once the quantum portal used for the Mars exploration was destroyed, Xu Tui would not even know where An Xiaoxue and the others were. How could he find them?

At the thought of this, Xu Tui instantly broke out in a cold sweat.

If Mars was lost, he and Xiaoxue would not even say goodbye!

“When are you going to arrange for us to participate in the battle?” Xu Tui, who was anxious, asked the officer.

“Commander Xu, according to the orders, the Genetic Evolution Realm is temporarily on standby!”

Xu Tui frowned. “Why can’t I use the communication device?”

Xu Tui wanted to contact familiar faces, such as Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, and Fang You, but he could not contact them.

“The communication satellite has been destroyed. We are now relying on the temporary communication tower for emergency communication. It is controlled by the military.”

“Then I’ll contact Fang You or Zhu Lang.” Xu Tui desperately wanted to know the most realistic situation of the battle.

Did Mars fall? Has the moon’s quantum portal been destroyed? Could they take it back?

“Commander Xu, I don’t have the authority…”

“Then do I have enough rights?” Xu Tui directly displayed his own rights.

The officer took a look and saluted. “Reporting to the commander, I’ll contact him for you immediately!”

Level B individual rights had special rights during wartime. Under normal circumstances, only a commander or a quasi-planetary powerhouse would have Level B individual rights.