Chapter 891 - 891 Accidental Fireworks In The Night Sky (3)

891 Accidental Fireworks in the Night Sky (3)

“Power supply. Currently, your personal communication device mainly relies on some batteries and bioelectricity. The power supply is extremely limited. All the chips can’t be activated at full power,” Ah Huang said.

“What’s the second method?”

“The current planetary-level quantum chips and 60 meteor-level quantum chips are all used to form a quantum array. Their normal performance surpasses that of a meteor-level quantum supercomputer. With the help of the additional cooling equipment, its performance should be able to break through to the level of a planetary-level quantum supercomputer. It might even surpass it a little. But because it’s limited to other hardware, it can’t last long,” Ah Huang said.

“Tell me, how long will it take you to deal with the data centers in the alien resource base after the upgrade?”

“Thirty seconds.”

“Then let’s go with the second plan.”

“However, there is a flaw in the second plan.”

“What flaw?”

“It’ll be bigger and cumbersome. Most importantly, it’ll burn money.”

“Burn money? How much?”

“At least a billion yuan, right? I have to buy a state-of-the-art ultra-micro fusion device to continuously supply it with energy. This kind of equipment was the latest scientific research result. It could not be bought usually. You had to apply with your authority. The price is probably above 1.5 billion,” Ah Huang said.

“1.5 billion. It’s really a little expensive, but it’s nothing. It’s about 100 to 200 grams of Origin Crystals. It’s approved. You can use my identity to apply.”

“Alright.”

Xu Tui’s previous individual rights level was mid-grade Level C. This was because the individual rights of the recipient of the Silver Medal of the Blue Star Guardian could be raised by two levels. In reality, he enjoyed low-grade Level B individual rights.

In this space invasion, the Huaxia Sector had rewarded the Worldly Special Force with a large number of contribution points because of the control system and equipment of the ore refinement center, as well as the ecological planting system and equipment in extreme environments.

There was a lot of equipment, but the value of a complete control system was indescribable.

Therefore, the Huaxia Sector was very generous this time.

Xu Tui was rewarded with 1.2 million contribution points, Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Luo Murong, and Cui Xi, the four vice-captains of the Worldly Special Force, with 800,000 contribution points, and the other members with 500,000 contribution points.

Of course, the cash reward of millions per person was not worth mentioning.

Other people’s individual rights had increased crazily, but Xu Tui’s individual rights had only increased by one level, reaching high-grade Level C. If he wanted to obtain low-grade Level B rights, he would have to accumulate 10 million contribution points. Xu Tui had only accumulated less than 1.8 million contribution points.

However, with the Silver Medal of the Blue Star Guardian, the individual rights that Xu Tui enjoy had reached mid-grade Level B.

Most directors or deputy directors of the Genetic Committee enjoyed this level of authority.

Xu Tui currently enjoyed the highest level of individual rights on the Blue Star. Even many veteran quasi-planetary-level powerhouses were not as good as Xu Tui. It could not be helped. Many people could not compare to the Worldly Special Force in terms of seizure.

Especially this year, the gains of the other five alliances combined were not as much as the Worldly Special Force.

Xu Tui was in a semi- leisurely state for the next few days. He asked Cheng Mo out for a few meals. This fellow had also entered the Year Two Longhu List with a thick skin. His momentum was very strong.

During this time, he had a meal with Gong Ling, Zuo Qingqing, Chai Xiao, and Chi Hongying. It was obvious that the atmosphere was not as casual as before.

Although the Huaxia Sector did not publicize their battle results in the extra-terrestrial, they could sense certain auras when they sat face to face. The gap between them and Xu Tui was getting wider, even when they were trying their best to catch up.

Among them, it dealt the greatest blow to the current second-year Dragon, Peter.

When he heard that Xu Tui had returned, the original second-year Dragon, Peter, ran over excitedly to see Xu Tui. He did not want to challenge Xu Tui. He only wanted to use Xu Tui as a reference to test the extent of his improvement.

However, Peter broke down after Xu Tui stood where he was and let him attack with all his might.

Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier did not move at all under his full-powered attack.

…

The energetic Zhuang Ziqiang was quite efficient.

In just a few days, all the matters regarding the Worldly Compensation Fund were settled, including the management team, the supervisors, and so on. The long-term compensation for Yue Qiang’s family would begin to be distributed normally next month.

During this time, Xu Tui received another piece of good news. @@novelbin@@

Cui Xi and Mu Xingluan had actually completed their autonomous evolution.

Perhaps it was because they had accumulated enough energy on the resource planet, or it was very likely that Cai Shaochu’s almost 20 deaths in the Fantasy Domain had given them the last bit of help.

It was said that the others had also been stimulated by this news and began to train with their lives during the holidays.

After all, only Tao Guan, Yan Xuejin, and Miao Huanshan had not broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

On the 9th of October, Xu Tui, who had been resting at home for five to six days, could not take it anymore.

After dinner, Xu Tui played chess with his father, Xu Jianguo. His mother, Zhang Xiuli, was perfectly playing the role of a good wife and mother. She was making tea for the father and son and acting as a tea master.

“Dad, Mom, I’m going to stay for another two days before returning to the Moon,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

The chess piece that Xu Jianguo was about to place froze. “So fast?”

“Yes, there are still many things over there.”

“Yes, alright. Work hard for the country when you get there!” Xu Jianguo slowly placed his piece down. However, his mother, Zhang Xiuli, could not take it anymore. “Didn’t you just return from the battle? You’re leaving in a few days…”

As she complained, she began to wipe her tears and get up. War was really scary to them.

Xu Tui and Xu Jianguo smiled bitterly at each other. In the end, Xu Jianguo stood up and went to the balcony to comfort his wife.

Choosing any path would ultimately involve taking and giving.

Just as he was feeling melancholy, on the balcony, his father, Xu Jianguo, and his mother, Zhang Xiuli, suddenly exclaimed, “Eh, did a plane crash? Or is there a celebration? Why are there so many fireworks in the sky?”

“It can’t be fireworks. How can fireworks be so high? Could it be the moon?”

Xu Tui also walked to the balcony as the old couple muttered. The moment he raised his head, Xu Tui saw balls of blazing flames suddenly erupt around the moon that was hanging high in the sky, illuminating the entire night sky.

At first glance, it looked like fireworks. It was very beautiful.

Seven to eight fireworks exploded in the dozens of seconds that Xu Tui stood there. However, the moment he saw this scene, Xu Tui’s hair stood on end.

Those were not fireworks. They should be the explosions of the space stations and artificial moon guards around the moon.

...

There might be an accident on the moon!

At the same time, Xu Tui suddenly received a message on his communication device.

“The moon has been attacked. All members of the Worldly Special Force are to gather at the Juntian Spaceport within six hours. Return to the moon and be on standby for battle within 24 hours. The Huaxia Sector’s extraterrestrial command center.”

Xu Tui was stunned. At the same time, his communication device rang crazily.