Chapter 893 - 893 Saving People, Losing Land, And Real Military Target? (1)

893 Saving People, Losing Land, and Real Military Target? (1)

In the Moon’s underground fortress-like command center.

The people in charge of the six alliances, including the Moon’s commander-in-chief, Raymont, had already gathered.

Raymont was constantly giving out various military orders, ordering the various defensive military forces on the moon to join the battle. However, the awkward thing was that every time Raymont gave an order, especially when he mobilized the Moon’s defense armament, it was a little awkward.

After Raymont issued the order, he still needed the corresponding person-in-charge of the sector to issue the order at the same time.

The power that the commander-in-chief, Raymont, could mobilize under the Blue Star Genetic Committee, was very limited. After a few times, Raymont, who felt that it was a waste of time, suddenly gave up his position on the command tower.

“One of you can be the temporary commander. You guys are more familiar with the situation.”

Raymont’s words gave him a way out.

The most realistic situation was that the so-called director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the so-called commander-in-chief of the extraterrestrial were just empty positions that the six alliances had put up.

The true power and authority were still in the hands of the six alliances.

The person-in-charge of the six alliances was not surprised by this. However, everyone shifted their gazes. They were also very particular about who would be the temporary commander.

In the past, it would usually be the two heroes, the America Sector and the Huaxia Sector fighting for the position.

But today…

“Lieutenant General Wei can do it.” Plesian, the person-in-charge of the Russian Federation, was the first to speak.

Almost at the same time, regardless of whether the others agreed or not, Wei Bin sat in front of the command tower.

Maiponeo, who was still hesitating, was about to say something when Wei Bin shouted, “American Sector, India Sector, the Planetary realm guards of your two sectors have to return and take their positions immediately. There’s no reason. Otherwise, we would have reason to suspect that there’s a problem with one of you and investigate and settle the score!”

As soon as he said that, all eyes turned to Maiponeo and Nilab. The people in charge present were all scheming. Many people had thought of this possibility the moment something happened.

However, no one mentioned this possibility.

If the America Sector and the India Sector betrayed the Blue Star at the same time, then the consequences…

There was no need to think about it. @@novelbin@@

However, Wei Bin had his own judgment for pointing out this matter so bluntly. Putting aside the other reasons, even if there was a problem, it was definitely not because the America and India Sectors had collectively betrayed the Blue Star.

The reason was very simple. Instead of being the owner of the Blue Star, should he be a dog for the Spiritual Race?

Over the years, had the Blue Star humans not killed and captured enough dogs of the Spiritual Race, such as the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race?

In front of the Spiritual Race, the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race were second-class citizens. They might not be second-class citizens.

That was why Wei Bin pointed out this problem.

At the critical moment, instead of suspecting each other, it was better to pull the problem to the table.

As expected, Nilab and Maiponeo’s expressions changed drastically when Wei Bin said that.

Power could be fought for.

However, anyone who betrayed the Blue Star would be betraying the interests of all the alliances on the Blue Star. The other alliances would immediately form the most steadfast interest alliance to target them or even divide them up.

The American Sector and the India Sector were powerful, especially the American Sector, but they could not withstand the combined forces of the four major sectors.

Therefore, under everyone’s gazes, Maiponeo and Nilab immediately expressed their stance with their actions. Maiponeo even turned the communication device in his hand that was directly connected to the America Sector’s integrated base on speaker mode.

“How’s the contact with Mr. Haren? Have you contacted the other gentlemen?” Maiponeo was anxious.

Those who could be addressed as gentlemen by Maiponeo were naturally all planetary-level powerhouses in the American Sector.

Nilab naturally followed suit. He turned his communicator on speaker and shouted, “Have you contacted Guru Itavi, Mr. Nott, and the other gentlemen? We’re going to contact them through all channels.”

“Sir, I’m contacting them. I’ve already contacted them. I can speak to Lord Itavi immediately…”

Suddenly, there was a buzzing sound of electric current. This made Nilab and Maiponeo’s expressions change. More than a dozen communication satellites exploded in the sky above the moon.

On the other side of the communication device, Nilab’s secretary shouted with a sobbing tone, “Director, the communication satellite has been destroyed. All the communications that have just been established have been cut off. We have temporarily lost contact with the Blue Star!”

At the side, a similar answer came from Maiponeo’s communicator. Other than Wei Bin constantly giving orders, the people-in-charge of the other three alliances looked coldly at the two of them. They looked like they were watching their performance.

Maiponeo was extremely decisive.

“Since the moon’s communication satellite has been destroyed, let’s use the Blue Star’s communication satellite’s transit signal. There are tens of thousands of satellites on the Blue Star. I don’t believe that they can all be destroyed!” Maiponeo roared.

“Sir, the transit signal is already in progress, but it will take a little time!”

Maiponeo spread his hands helplessly when he heard that. “This is definitely a coincidence. We were working hard to contact the guards of the various sectors when they set off at the last minute.”

“Yes, it’s a coincidence. It’s just that we’re a little unlucky,” Nilab said quickly.

“Alright, let’s talk about it after the battle! Are the Fallen Star teams from the various sectors in position?” Wei Bin asked.