Chapter 900 - 900 The Mighty Itavi And The Reinforcement Of Mars (1)

900 The Mighty Itavi and the Reinforcement of Mars (1)

In the tattered defensive fortress of the moon’s quantum teleportation channel, following Lei Zhen’s order, the remaining Planetary realm powerhouses and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses began to gather towards the Planetary-level quantum teleportation channel that they had built themselves.

They moved as they fought. At the same time, a ball of energy shot towards the quantum teleportation channel on the moon.

Destroying the quantum teleportation channel was relatively easy. The lower the level of the quantum teleportation channel, the easier it was to destroy it. However, the quantum teleportation channel on the moon was not low-level. It was just that it was limited and its functions were not fully activated.

Therefore, Diwu Hui also needed to use his full strength to destroy it.

!!

However, in the next moment, Diwu Hui was stunned. As long as his fission explosion blasted into the moon’s quantum teleportation channel, the moon’s quantum teleportation channel would explode in five seconds.

However, the strange thing was that it did not enter. It was a little like a slip of the hand. It blasted a little further away from the moon’s quantum teleportation tunnel and exploded.

In an instant, there was chaos.

A quasi-planetary-level powerhouse on their side was injured on the spot and then killed by the Blue Star.

“What are you doing?” Lei Zhen roared.

Diwu Hui was stunned. This time, he gathered all his mind power and locked onto the moon’s quantum teleportation channel.

He had to destroy it!@@novelbin@@

Only by destroying it could he complete the strategic mission of this operation and retreat immediately!

Otherwise, their trip would have been in vain!

Swish!

Another slippery scene!

This time, Diwu Hui’s attack was slid to the other side, affecting another Planetary realm powerhouse. It made Lei Zhen extremely passive and flustered.

Planetary realm powerhouses could not die again. If they died again, their losses would be unbearable. However, his hand slipped again, making Diwu Hui realize that something was wrong.

Under normal circumstances, it was impossible for a Planetary realm powerhouse like him to slip.

Taking a step back, it was possible for him to slip once, but it was definitely impossible for him to do it twice!

Lei Zhen also noticed this scene. This time, he did not flare up. Instead, he let the others take the attacks on him slightly. His boundless mind power landed on the moon’s quantum teleportation tunnel, and lightning flashed.

He wanted to personally destroy the moon’s quantum teleportation channel. However, his expression changed the moment his powerful mind power enveloped it.

It’s gone!

The quantum teleportation passageway of the moon was clearly in front of him, but he could not sense it with his mind power.

It seemed to have disappeared.

Their original location was a completely unfamiliar space.

Lei Zhen’s eyes widened. “Space Fold!”

The space in the quantum teleportation channel had been folded by someone with some kind of superpower.

You could see it, but in reality, there might already be a layer or even several layers of space in front of it.

This defensive method of spatial folding was almost invincible! Ordinary superpowers were very difficult to break through. Unless someone could defeat ten people with their strength. He used his superpower to completely pierce through the folded space, regardless of whether it was one or several layers.

Unfortunately, the elders in the Sanctuary might have such an existence, but they…

The ability of spatial folding could indeed create a temporary invincible defense when used for defense.

However, spatial folding consumes a lot of energy. The more layers he folded, the greater the consumption! There were very few supernatural beings who could fold space within the Spiritual Race, but they usually could not last long.

Moreover, this duration was usually measured in minutes. Even a Planetary realm powerhouse could not fold space for ten minutes.

This was recorded.

It was also at this moment that the intensity of the Blue Star humans’ attacks instantly increased by a level. It could be said that every human on the Blue Star who participated in the battle had begun to risk their lives!

“Defend to the death. Defend to the death for another three minutes. We have to destroy the quantum teleportation channel before we can retreat!” Lei Zhen roared!

An extremely cruel bloody battle also began at this moment.

On Lei Zhen’s side, a large number of people began to die. Every few seconds, a quasi-planetary-level expert would die.

Planetary realm powerhouses were already injured.

The other party was also damaged. However, because they were fighting on their home ground, not many people died in battle unless they were killed in one strike.

On the Blue Star, the experts protecting Jagren from the European Sector had already sensed that Jagren’s mind power aura was rapidly weakening.

The countdown had reached 224 seconds.

“Everyone, we have to drive them out of the defensive fortress or wipe them out within 220 seconds. I don’t want to talk about the significance of this quantum teleportation channel! We can’t hold back anymore.”

After shouting in the public channel, Wei Bin suddenly turned around and said, “All the people in charge of the security team of the various sectors, participate in the battle!”

The people in charge of the various sectors had a large number of guards. Under normal circumstances, it was standard for them to have a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. Furthermore, they were all relatively strong quasi-planetary-level experts.

The heads of the various alliances, including Raymont, nodded.

At this moment, no one would be a burden.

Five seconds later, seven quasi-planetary-level experts participated in the battle.

In the entire moon, other than a few quasi-planetary-level powerhouses guarding the important areas, all the other quasi-planetary-level powerhouses had participated in the battle.

However, in a battle of this level, the participation of seven quasi-planetary-level experts could not change the situation in a short period of time.