Chapter 104 - Killed Again?

Chapter 104: Killed Again?

Chai Xiao had not come alone. He had come with his girlfriend. Judging from the way they were dressed, they really were a family.

She had long yellow hair that was tinged with gold and purple. She had tied it up high and was wearing light smokey makeup. She looked extremely alluring.

“Brother, this is my girlfriend, Chi Hongying,” Chai Xiao actively introduced him girlfriend.

...

“Good morning, Sister-in-law.”

Xu Tui was tactful and took the initiative to greet her.

However, the situation turned ugly.

Chi Hongying, who was wearing long false eyelashes, took a step forward and indicated the distance between her and Chai Xiao.

“Don’t call me that. I’m still 10,000 miles away from being your sister-in-law. You can call me Senior.” Chi Hongying, who was standing with her arms crossed while wearing her tall Doc Martens, said to Chai Xiao, “Chai Xiao, if you want to fight, then get on with it. I don’t have the time to waste with you here.”

Chai Xiao felt a little awkward that she actively pulled away from him. He quickly explained, “The school informed us that a student from the India Sector is here for an exchange. Furthermore, the student that the teacher brought is from the Mystery Branch. I want to spar with my brother. Let me tell you, even though my Brother Xu Tui is only a first-year Mystery Branch student, he is very powerful.”

Chi Hongying stood with her arms crossed. She glanced at Xu Tui, then turned her gaze toward Chai Xiao. “He’s a first-year. No matter how powerful he is, he is still weakling.”

Xu Tui felt a little awkward. He glanced toward Chai Xiao. It seemed that Chai Xiao had not managed to deal with his girlfriend. He looked like he was still in the stages of chasing and bootlicking her.

“Hongying, do you remember the famous Lonely Testicle Warrior, Deng Wei? That is the result of my brother’s battle. He is really powerful.”

“He defeated a new student who had just entered the school. He’s still a weakling!” After she said this, Chi Hongying observed Chai Xiao and said, “You would have to really have the ability if he can beat you up so badly that you be the Lonely Testicle Warrior.”

At this moment, Chai Xiao was not the only one who felt awkward. Even Che Zhan, who came with Xu Tui, had become awkward.

Chai Xiao’s girlfriend was too violent. Of course, Xu Tui felt that he should remove the word ‘girlfriend’ from Chai Xiao’s introduction.

“Hurry up. I’ll go eat by myself if you guys are still dawdling,” Chi Hongying urged.

Chai Xiao shook his head, which had turned red, blue, and green, a little awkwardly. He then said to Xu Tui, “Brother, let’s end this quickly. I’ll satisfy you now if you want to light up the toilet.”

“Alright.”

Xu Tui was a little hesitant when he agreed to the request. He did not expect Chai Xiao to come with the girlfriend he was wooing. Would he embarrass Chai Xiao if they fought later? That would be bad.

“Brother Chai, why don’t we do it another day?”

“Why do you want to do it another day? Right now. Hurry!”

“Brother Chai…”

“Faster, faster.”

Chai Xiao took the initiative to stand at the center of the arena while he was speaking. He waved toward Xu Tui.

“Then… Alright. Brother Chai, put on your protective gear first.”

“Do I need to wear protective gear to deal with you? Hurry.”

“No, Brother Chai, both of us have to wear protective gear. Otherwise, we are not going to fight.” Xu Tui was very determined on this point.

“You two weaklings, are you done?” Their nagging caused Chi Hongying to be extremely displeased.

“Brother Chai, I can’t control myself sometimes. You wouldn’t want to go on a date with a swollen head, would you? Even if you can defeat me?” Xu Tui insisted.

Chai Xiao accepted Xu Tui’s suggestion after he thought about what had happened last time and his explanation. Otherwise, if he really had to go on a date with a swollen bruise, Chai Xiao guessed that Chi Hongying would definitely abandon him along the way.

“Wear them all. Wear all of your protective gear. Wear all of your transparent face masks,” Xu Tui reminded.

“You even brought protective gear to deal with a weakling? Chai Xiao, you are also a weakling.” Chi Hongying, who was standing with her arms crossed, had a look of disdain.

Chai Xiao’s expression became a little ugly. This woman’s mouth was too vicious. But damn it… This woman suited his tastes.

“I’ll beat her up until she calls me ‘Dad’ after I improve my abilities. Then, I’ll be able to hold my head high in front of my brothers.”

After setting such a goal in his heart, Chai Xiao quickly put on his protective gear.

By the side, Xu Tui, who was a little displeased, glared coldly at Chi Hongying. He hated this woman.

“Brother, don’t say that I’m bullying you. Ten meters is the standard battle distance of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.”

“It’s alright. You can get closer if you want.”

He tossed them out casually. The two alloy silver pills started to dance around Xu Tui as they prepared to attack.

With this move, the expressions of Chai Xiao, Chi Hongying, and even Che Zhan changed.

Chi Hongying, who had scolded Chai Xiao like a weakling just now, furrowed her brows. She took out a pair of brass knuckles from her pocket and tossed them toward Chai Xiao.

“Use this to avoid being injured by the pills.”

Chai Xiao, who had received the brass knuckles, was beaming with joy. This was why he liked Chi Hongying. She looked cold on the outside but was warm on the inside. Even though she had a sharp tongue, she was not a bad person. She was much better than the sweet-talking ex-girlfriends he had before.

As for Che Zhan, when he saw Xu Tui activate the spinning Alloy Silver Pills, he no longer had any doubts that Xu Tui could use a 100-gram vacuum silver tantalum bottle. However, Che Zhan was eager to fight with him.

Xu Tui’s performance was much better than the students he had fought recently. He was very bored during the many practical lessons during the past few weeks. He could not wait to fight Xu Tui.

“Brother, I am ready.”

Chai Xiao charged forward as soon as he finished speaking. He left behind an S-shaped afterimage as he pounced toward Xu Tui.

The 10-meter distance only took Chai Xiao half a second to traverse. However, just as he was about to pounce forward, a series of explosions instantly rang out like rain. Every pounding sound caused his body to shake uncontrollably. It disrupted his rhythm.

However, Chai Xiao still arrived in front of Xu Tui in the end. He whipped his leg toward Xu Tui at an incredible angle.

Bang! Bang!

The two alloyed silver pills dragged along a flash of light as they slammed heavily onto Chai Xiao’s mask. It landed on the bulletproof transparent mask.

Chai Xiao felt as though he had been hit by a sledgehammer. He could no longer control his body and fell backward.

The attacks naturally stopped.

“Oh, f*ck!” Chai Xiao, who had fallen to the ground and was sitting up, looked at the cracked mask in disbelief. “How can it be that powerful? This mask can block energy weapons! You actually… No wonder…”

By the side, Che Zhan was also in disbelief. During the split second just now, Che Zhan felt that he could not see the trajectory of the silver pills clearly. However, with the help of his mind power, he should be able to determine the attack points of the silver pills in advance. Whether or not he could defend himself was another matter.

Chai Xiao slowly got up from the ground and changed into a transparent face shield. He stood 10 meters away from Xu Tui and adopted an offensive stance.

“Brother, be careful. I’ll have to use my full strength this time.”

In the next instant, Chai Xiao started to attack again. However, he had clearly slowed down.

However, Xu Tui did not slow down at all. The moment Chai Xiao started to attack, the silver pills circling around Xu Tui turned into a flash of silver light and shot toward Chai Xiao with lightning speed.

Ding!

Chai Xiao threw a punch forward. His brass knuckles accurately struck toward Xu Tui’s Alloy Silver Pill.

With a thud, the immense force sent one of Xu Tui’s Alloy Silver Pills flying. It instantly flew 20 meters away and cut off from Xu Tui’s mental senses.

After succeeding in his attack, Chai Xiao gave Xu Tui a wide smile as if he was trying to intimidate Xu Tui. He quickly stepped forward. Another silver pill flew out of Xu Tui’s palm. The two silver pills howled as they shot toward Chai Xiao again.

Chai Xiao, who had been through this, attacked with his fists as fast as lightning. He met Xu Tui’s alloyed silver pills with his brass knuckles. With two bangs, he sent Xu Tui’s two alloyed silver pills flying 20 meters away.

“Brother, you are going to die in battle!”

Chai Xiao closed in and punched toward Xu Tui.

It was also at this moment that a piercing sound rang out behind Chai Xiao’s head. Without waiting for Chai Xiao to turn around, the Alloy Silver Pill landed on the back of Chai Xiao’s helmet. It was only two inches away from his unprotected neck.

The immense impact caused Chai Xiao to stagger. His attack toward Xu Tui missed.

“Brother Chai, you died in battle again.” Xu Tui smiled, revealing his row of white teeth.

Che Zhan’s eyes widened. Over twenty meters. The distance of Xu Tui’s mental control over the Alloy Silver Pill was over 20 meters. The Alloy Silver Pill was sent flying over 20 meters backward. However, it was still managing to roll back.

How was that possible?

At this distance, he would not be able to do it even if he had a 100-grams vacuum silver tantalum bottle.

Chai Xiao rubbed the back of his head that had become heavy from the impact. He had a confused expression.

“I… I died in battle again?”

“Weakling! Let me do it!” Chi Hongying, who was stepping on her Martens, suddenly said, “Give me your brass knuckles!”