Chapter 103 - No Time Like The Present

Chapter 103: No Time Like the Present

“What type of alloy do you want? What size do you want? There are all of them in this list. Take a look and see which one you want.”

After learning of Xu Tui’s intentions, the teacher-in-charge of the weapons and equipment at the Genetic Armament Center immediately handed Xu Tui a list.

Xu Tui looked at the list. There were two-element and three-element alloys in the tantalum alloy provided by the Genetic Armament Center.

...

There were only two kinds of binary alloys: tantalum and titanium. He could purchase the binary alloys with cash. The price was simple: 5,000 dollars a gram. Their specifications ranged from two grams to 10 grams. To be honest, it was rather expensive.

However, three-element alloy was more expensive and there was a reason for how expensive it was.

According to the introduction, more tantalum had been fused into the alloy, which reduced the resistance to mind power. However, the alloy was harder, more heat-resistant, and had less wind resistance. It was also because it had fused with more of the newly-discovered precious metal ingots that he needed contribution points to purchase the three-element alloy.

A gram required two contribution points and 10,000 dollars in cash.

There were only three kinds of alloys: nickel-base tantalum, chromium-base tantalum, and titanium-base tantalum.

Nickel-based tantalum alloy was a little toxic. It was not recommended for students to use it, much less use it repeatedly. It looked a little like a shotgun. It would automatically disintegrate into a few dozen bullets if it hit its target. It was extremely destructive.

The wind resistance of chromium-based alloys was smaller. They were of the same size but heavier than titanium-based alloys.

Titanium-based alloys were of the same size as the others but were lighter in weight. They were more resistant to corrosion and heat and had a smaller probability of being damaged during use.

“Teacher, give me three… five of these chromium-based tantalum alloys.”

Currently, the best number of Alloy Silver Pills Xu Tui could control was two. He could also control three, but the power would be reduced. However, he should have no problems controlling three of them after some time. Considering the fact that he could not retrieve the pills during battle, he decided to purchase five chromium-base alloy pills first.

“How many grams?”

“Five grams.”

These Alloy Silver Pills could not be used if they were too heavy and did not have enough destructive power. If they were too light, they did not have enough destructive power.

“10 contribution points for one, 50,000 in cash, 50 points for five, and 250,000 in cash.”

Xu Tui felt the pinch when he heard the attendant’s price. It was too expensive. He had a little more contribution points, but he only had a little more than 500,000 dollars in cash. He had lost half of that.

“Look, how much of a discount can I get with my low-grade Level D rights?”

“You’ll get a 5% discount if you have low-grade Level D rights.”

A discount of 10,000 dollars was not bad. He thought for a moment, then handed over the supplementary card that An Xiaoxue had given him. “Teacher, can you use this supplementary card?”

“You can only obtain an affiliated card when your individual rights are Level C. This is… a low-grade Level C affiliated card. According to the regulations, you could enjoy a 20% discount. However, the discount is only cash. You can’t enjoy a discount on contribution points.”

The 20% discount saved Xu Tui 50,000 dollars.

Xu Tui was a little surprised.

“Then let’s settle the bill with this. Oh, yes, I wanted to ask if I can use my contribution points to exchange for a Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.”

Contribution points were extremely valuable.

According to what the students and teachers said, contribution points could be used to purchase things that money could. However, contribution points could be used to purchase things that could not be exchanged for money.

Coincidentally, he was here today. Xu Tui wanted to know just how valuable these contribution points were.

“Use contribution points to exchange for a Level E Energy Elixir?” The attendant had a look of extreme shock. “Based on the regulations, 10 contribution points can be exchanged for a Level E energy restoration elixir. However, Student, I advise you not to do that. Exchanging contribution points for things that can be bought with money is too much of a loss.”

“Thank you for your reminder, Teacher. I was just asking.”

A few minutes later, after Xu Tui got his hands on the chromium alloy silver pills, he suddenly had a thought. He took out the flying sword that An Xiaoxue had sent him just now.

“Oh, yes, can you see what kind of material this is? Can you customize a flying sword of this size?”

Currently, the flying sword that An Xiaoxue had given him was very suitable for him to use. However, Xu Tui estimated that it would be a little small after he used it for one to two years. He needed to exchange it for something else. He would ask her about it when he was at it.

“This… I need to examine it with a machine. It can’t be seen with the naked eye. It’s just right here. It’ll be quick,” the teacher-in-charge said.

“Alright.”

The teacher-in-charge placed the silver flying sword that Xu Tui handed him into the testing device. However, he immediately furrowed his brow. That was because the detector was beeping.

He tried three times without success.

“I’m sorry. This device can’t detect it. If you need it, you can bring it to the research institute at the Genetic Armament Center for testing. We can definitely detect it there,” the teacher-in-charge said.

“No, thank you.”

Xu Tui did not want to hand such a precious item over to someone else and be out of his sight for a long time. He rejected the request on the spot.

After retrieving the silver flying sword, Xu Tui asked, “Oh, yes, Teacher. Under normal circumstances, would this device be able to detect its metallic components?”

“Actually, the equipment we use is the most advanced in the public domain. Under normal circumstances, we would only have such a scene if it mixed in special materials that have not been publicly discovered. Under normal circumstances, they would have been made out of special substances obtained from outer space.

“These unique substances obtained from outer space would have some unique effects. They are all extremely precious and rare,” the teacher-in-charge said.

“Oh, thank you, Teacher.”

Xu Tui had wanted to plan and customize a large flying sword as soon as possible. He did not expect the small flying sword in front of him to be made out of a unique material.

“Are there any special effects? I’ll ask Miss An when I need to change in the future.”

…

Xu Tui made use of every moment he had to focus on his training for the next few days. He had a great time training both in controlling his flying sword and the Alloy Silver Pill to attack and defend.

The benefits of having a high rating in the school were displayed at this moment.

Students who had a rating of mid-grade Level C and above could enjoy a private training room for free. The time limit was 14 hours. This was a private training room that was 30 meters long and 15 meters wide. Although the flying swords still could not be used here.

However, it was enough.

It had been less than two months since school started, yet Xu Tui was already skipping classes. Of course, it did not mean that Xu Tui was intentionally skipping classes. It was just that he no longer needed to attend individual classes.

For example, Wen Shao’s mind power training lesson.

Xu Tui would only attract the jealousy of others if he went. Thus, he decided not to go.

However, what he did not know was that Che Zhan, the number one of the first-year students in the Mystery Branch Institute, looked for him several times during the mind power training lesson.

However, he did not manage to find him.

After he met Wang Luo, Zhu Wenqi, and the rest of the students at the Genetic Armament Center that day, especially since Wang Luo was a first-year student from the Mystery Branch…

Not long after he returned, he told them about how Xu Tui had already exchanged for a 100-grams vacuum silver tantalum bottle.

The other students had the same reaction. They did not believe it.

Exchanging for a 100-grams vacuum silver tantalum bottle was something only a third-year student could do. No matter how powerful Xu Tui was, he could not do it. It was possible for Xu Tui to exchange for a 20-grams bottle.

Che Zhan’s first reaction when he heard this was disbelief. However, there was no need for Wang Luo to lie about such a matter.

Che Zhan had always wanted to confirm with Xu Tui in person whether it was true. He did not have any other thoughts. He just wanted to make sure. Of course, he still had a competitive spirit.

Che Zhan was publicly acknowledged as the best first-year student in the Mystery Branch. He successfully cultivated three superb-type fire-element abilities in less than two months. If he had to face Deng Wei today, he would definitely be able to blast the Lonely Testicle Warrior, Deng Wei, out of the room and make him smell like roasted meat. Even if he did not improve as much as Xu Tui in terms of mind power, he was very confident in his abilities.

During these few weeks of practical use, not a single first-year student from the Mystery Branch was a match for Che Zhan at all. Of course, that was excluding Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not participate in the first two weeks, but he had not attended any classes during these two weeks. It made Che Zhan anxious.

Che Zhan, who had been holding back for several days, finally lost his patience. He went straight to the School of Enlightened Mind to look for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was on the phone when he found him.

“Brother Chai, do you have any thoughts about how I killed you in your room at the student reception center?” Xu Tui laughed through the phone.

“The time we fought? When you smashed a glass with a bean and made me pay for it, while the other bean directly loosened my front teeth?”

“That’s right. If we were to take that battle seriously, you would have already died in battle.”

“Scram! Aren’t you talking nonsense? That was the battlefield that you had planned. Furthermore, I was taking a beating passively. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have had the chance to attack.

“Dying in battle? You would have died 10 times over!” Chai Xiao became angry when the topic of “dying in battle” was brought up. He almost stomped his feet in frustration when Xu Tui mentioned it.

“Why? Are you indignant that you were ‘killed’?” Xu Tui actively provoked him.

“Oh?” Chai Xiao froze on the other end of the line. “You lad, you are provoking me. You are actively causing trouble! Tell me, what exactly do you want to do?”

“It’s nothing much. I’ve gotten much stronger recently and want to test my abilities. Brother Chai, you are a more suitable target.”

Chai Xiao, who was on the other end of the line, immediately widened his eyes. “You’ve gone overboard, lad. You’re getting carried away. I am ranked 89th on the Year Two Longhu List. You are a first-year student, yet you dare to say that I am a suitable target for your challenge. You’re asking for a beating.

“Tell me, when do you want me to knock your teeth out?” Chai Xiao said.

“There’s no time like the present,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“My God, you sure are arrogant. Alright, I’ll satisfy you. I’ll show you how to spell ‘Senior’. You decide on the location.”

“Training Building, Room A72 in 15 minutes. I’ve already reserved a room,” Xu Tui said.

“Tsk, tsk. It looks like you planned this all along. You really want to practice swimming in a tank of feces. Alright, I’ll satisfy you. I’ll be there in 15 minutes.” Chai Xiao laughed angrily.

“Thank you, Brother Chai.”

Xu Tui thanked him because he was looking for a worthy opponent. Chai Xiao was a rather good choice. A second-year student who was also ranked on the Year Two Longhu List.

Chai Xiao would arrive with a call from Xu Tui. Naturally, he had to thank him.

“Hey, Che Zhan, what are you doing in our class?” Xu Tui, who had just finished his call, saw Che Zhan.

Che Zhan had wanted to ask Xu Tui about how he used a 100-grams bottle, but he changed his tone when he heard that Xu Tui was going to challenge someone else.

“I heard that you are going to battle a second-year senior. I want to go and observe. Is that alright?”

Compared to a purely numerical comparison, Che Zhan placed more importance on the outcome of the battle.

Che Zhan had already decided that he wanted to have a battle with Xu Tui if the opportunity presented itself.

“Alright. Let’s head over together.”

Xu Tui did not refuse after he thought about it. He also wanted to fight with Che Zhan after he fought Chai Xiao.

That was because he not only had to face students from the Extreme Branch Institute, but he also had to face students from the Mystery Branch Institute if he wanted to challenge the Longhu List.

All of these required Xu Tui to accumulate actual combat experience.