Chapter 106 - Doing A Good Deed (2)

Chapter 106: Doing A Good Deed (2)

Xu Tui was amazed by the scene. He did not expect that Chai Xiao would like this kind of girl, he could even tolerate her, even with his personality. If it had been Xu Tui, he would not have been able to tolerate having a girlfriend who had such a vicious tongue.

While he was laughing, Xu Tui’s communication device suddenly rang with a message. He received a new message.

Xu Tui froze when he saw what it was.

...

It was a message from Chai Xiao.

“Brother, if you still have any strength left, don’t hold back later. Beat her up severely.”

“Really?”

“Of course. Do I look like I’m lying? The harder you hit, the better. She actually dared to look down on my brother! She’s not respecting you, alright?” He did not reveal the truth.

“Brother Chai, those are your words.”

“Yes, beat her up as hard as you can. Beat her so hard that she can no longer walk. I’ll carry her back when we are done,” Chai Xiao said.

Xu Tui turned his head to look at Chai Xiao after he finished reading the message. It made Chai Xiao’s hair stand. “Brother Chai, I’ve saved this chat history. If you guys don’t break up in the future, I’ll take that as a guarantee for freeloading. If you don’t treat me to a meal, I’ll…”

“You! Do you have any shame?” Chai Xiao was dumbfounded. Xu Tui was too f*cking shameless.

“Hehe, Brother Chai, I’ll keep it for a long time!” Xu Tui laughed loudly.

“You win! But if you can’t beat her, I’ll beat you up.”

“I’m ready!”

Chi Hongying had already returned to the center of the arena. She was crouching slightly, like a tigress that was charging forward. She had an extraordinary aura.

“Bring it on!”

The next instant, Chi Hongying charged forward again. This time, she was more careful. Her attacks became sharper. When she attacked, her fists and legs carried an energy field.

However, Xu Tui was also harder to deal with.

The two alloy silver pills danced in the air, one after the other. They immediately trapped Chi Hongying 10 meters away from him. It was difficult for her to get close to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui became more and more familiar with the illusory technique that An Xiaoxue had taught him when he was controlling the flying sword. He gained a deeper understanding of the technique.

Neither the attacks of the flying sword nor the silver pills could be dull. It could not be straightforward. He had to take a detour when he attacked.

A circling attack.

Under such a situation, he could switch from circling to attacking at any moment. He could even change the location of their attacks at any time. When it attacked, it was unpredictable and hard to defend against.

In the previous battle, less than a minute into the battle, Chi Hongying had sent four of Xu Tui’s five silver alloy pills flying. All that was left was the silver alloy pill that was controlled by his mental chain.

However, this battle took 10 minutes. Chi Hongying finally found an opportunity to attack with her energy field. She sent Xu Tui’s four alloy silver pills flying backward.

Chi Hongying felt much less pressure when she only had one alloyed silver pill left. She once again charged toward Xu Tui. She had been put at a disadvantage by the mental awl last time.

This time, Chi Hongying was clearly more careful. She did not hesitate to use her energy field when she got closer. With her energy field cultivation, she could definitely shatter the mental awls that Xu Tui had set up.

At the very least, her limbs would not be injured.

Xu Tui’s gaze suddenly froze when Chi Hongying got within 3 meters of Xu Tui.

Mental Whip!

An invisible whip of mind power materialized above Chi Hongying’s head and whipped downward with lightning speed. It disappeared from above Chi Hongying’s head.

Almost instantly, Chi Hongying let out a scream of pain. She fell onto the ground and clutched her head. She had a pained expression.

Che Zhan was dumbfounded. What kind of ability was that? Why was he so powerful?

Chai Xiao was also extremely shocked. He quickly ran toward Chi Hongying and carried her in his arms. “Hongying, are you alright? Do you need to be sent to the hospital?”

Chi Hongying shook her head in pain and refused, “There’s no need. It was just a momentary headache. I’ve already felt much better.”

Chi Hongying slowly stood up from Chai Xiao’s arms. She clenched her teeth and shouted at Xu Tui, “Wait for me for five minutes. Come again.”

Chi Hongying took out a Level E Energy Restoration Elixir and consumed it as she spoke.

“Alright!”

Seeing that Chi Hongying was fine and that she still had to fight, Chai Xiao had no choice but to step down from the stage.

Chai Xiao gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up the moment he turned around to leave the stage.

Xu Tui received a message from Chai Xiao a few seconds later.

“Brother, well done. What was that move just now?”

“Mental Whip.”

Xu Tui did not hide anything. There was no need to hide anything like that.

“Good, well done! Continue whipping. It’ll be best if you can make her call you ‘Dad’!” Chai Xiao sent a message.

Xu Tui was speechless when he read the message. “Brother Chai, you’re not holding back anymore. You’re handing me knives one after another.”

“Is there a difference to me whether you have a knife or ten knives in your hand? Anyway, I have to kneel and treat you to a meal if you show me your knife. It doesn’t matter. On the contrary, I want you to whip your sister-in-law as hard as possible.”

Xu Tui had a strange feeling when he read the message.

Chai Xiao got him to whip Chi Hongying with his mental whip.

“This is a kinky series of instructions.”

Five minutes later, Chi Hongying, who had mostly recovered her strength, pounced forward again like a tigress.

This time, Xu Tui’s sword technique, or rather, the Alloy Silver Pill Sword Technique, became more proficient. He comprehended even more. He could switch between reality and illusion at will.

This time, Chi Hongying found an opportunity to send Xu Tui’s four Alloy Silver Pills flying after 18 minutes.

At the 19th minute, Chi Hongying, who had managed to get within 5 meters of Xu Tui, was once again whipped to the ground by an invisible mental whip. She let out a dull grunt of pain.

A minute later, Chi Hongying got up on her own and shouted angrily, “Again? I don’t believe it!”

Below the stage, Chai Xiao secretly gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. “Good job, Brother!”

They rested for three minutes before Chi Hongying battled Xu Tui again.

This time, Chi Hongying changed her tactic. She charged forward rapidly as soon as she attacked. She attacked with all her strength. She wanted to finish Xu Tui off in one second.

Similarly, the mental whip once again flipped Chi Hongying onto the ground within a 5-meter radius.

“Again!”

Chi Hongying refused to admit defeat.

…

During their fifth exchange, Chi Hongying returned to her usual tactics after her lightning surprise attack failed twice.

During the battle, Xu Tui’s technique of controlling the silver pills increased rapidly.

Twenty minutes into the intense battle, Chi Hongying finally found an opportunity to knock the second alloy silver pill away.

Chi Hongying immediately felt a strong sense of powerlessness when she saw another Alloy Silver Pill instantly fly out of Xu Tui’s pocket and dive toward the ground.

“We’re not fighting anymore.” Chi Hongying waved her hand and fell backward onto the stage. She started to pant heavily. Her body was drenched in sweat. “I can tell that you are using me as a free sparring partner. I’m not fighting you.”

Seeing that Chi Hongying had admitted defeat, Chai Xiao obediently ran onto the stage and handed her a glass of water and a towel. “Look, am I wrong? My brother is very powerful, right?”

Chi Hongying nodded heavily when she heard this. “He is powerful, but you are still a weakling!”

Chai Xiao was speechless.

“Your mental whip is too powerful. It can directly attack an opponent’s mind. However, there should be a way to restrain or defend against it. I’ll challenge you when I find it. I’ll get going. Goodbye.”

Chi Hongying staggered a little after she stood up. She must have been exhausted from the continuous battles.

“Hongying, I’ll carry you,” Chai Xiao quickly said.

Chi Hongying did not refuse. She was really exhausted. Otherwise, she would not have admitted defeat.

Chai Xiao laughed as he carried Chi Hongying on his back. He placed his hands naturally on Chi Hongying’s surprisingly flexible thighs.

Chai Xiao was smiling when he turned around to leave.

Xu Tui suddenly felt that he had done a good deed. This should be one of the good deeds he did.

Below the stage, Che Zhan, who had suffered countless blows in his heart, had already left silently. After watching these few battles, he no longer had the confidence to fight Xu Tui.

Xu Tui felt a little pity when Che Zhan left. He had wanted to fight with Che Zhan.

“I’ll find another opportunity in a few days. My mind power has been mostly expended by Chi Hongying today.”

Actually, if Chi Hongying had been able to last five more minutes during her fifth battle with him today, Xu Tui would have run out of mind power.