Chapter 115 - A Murderous Gaze

Chapter 115: A Murderous Gaze

This was the first time Xu Tui was riding a repulsion-force flying car.

Actually, he also had a car at home. Xu Jianguo had bought a multi-purpose maglev car a long time ago. It could be used to run on the highway or on the maglev highway. Xu Jianguo would bring his family along for a ride when everyone was free during the weekends.

According to his father, it was less than 100,000 dollars. It was rather cheap.

...

However, considering how the repulsive-force flying skateboard cost about a million dollars, the repulsive-force flying car must be very expensive.

In the end, Xu Tui could not suppress the curiosity in his heart and asked the question. “Murong, your flying car is rather expensive, right?”

“Not really, this car is mainly used for city transportation and has not been modified much. It only costs a little more than two million dollars for a two-seater,” Luo Murong said as he drove.

It only…

That term was a little hurtful.

“You’ll have one in the future. Furthermore, this is nothing much. If you need a modified flying car for your missions in the future, you’ll have to spend at least a few million to meet the requirements.

“Take my other flying car for example. It’s a little ugly, but the value of that car is equivalent to six of these,” Luo Murong proactively explained, perhaps seeing through Xu Tui’s uneasiness.

12 million. A number silently flashed past Xu Tui’s mind.

“Murong, your family is really rich.” Xu Tui gave a casual reply. He did not want to talk about this hurtful question anymore.

However, when he heard Xu Tui’s words, Luo Murong suddenly stopped the flying vehicle in mid-air.

“Xu Tui, my family is really rich. However, what I want to tell you is that I’ve earned the flying cars I’m using, including the ones I’m wearing and my daily expenses since my second year in college.

“I would never be ashamed if someone said that my family is rich. However, I hate it when people think that everything I have now is because my family is rich.

“My father had created superior conditions for me when I was young. However, I have also worked hard to achieve what I have today through the combination of the two. Furthermore, according to the agreement I made with my family, I have to be self-sufficient from the second year onward.”

At this point, Luo Murong paused and said, “You are my roommate. I also know that you have just entered the school and are not clear about many things. So, I am not angry that you said that. But in the future, I hope that you can remember it.”

Luo Murong might have felt that he had gone overboard with his words. He then added, “I’m sorry. I’ve been called a rich second-generation heir since I was young. Everyone saw that I have a good father, but they have never seen how hard I work. That’s why I hate those.”

Xu Tui was silent for a moment.

Are all rich second-generation heirs this hardworking in this day and age?

“Murong, I’m sorry. I understand now,” Xu Tui said.

Luo Murong’s luxurious repulsion-force flying car started to fly at a low altitude again. As it flew, Luo Murong started chatting with Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, you have to understand that the times and the world have completely changed. We should be the most exceptional batch of genetic newcomers. We should also be a genetic newcomer in a narrower sense.

“Those so-called genetic newcomers who had been administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir and had their abilities slightly enhanced were basically ordinary people in the past. Those of us who walk at the forefront of the path of genetic evolution are the true genetic newcomers.

“Those things that ordinary people look up to are within our reach! Take the repulsion-force flying car for example. It cost over two million dollars. That was an exorbitant price for ordinary people.

“However, to me, it is merely a reward for my mission. Of course, the difficulties and dangers we face during this mission are not something ordinary people can imagine. You can also do these extermination missions when you have a certain level of confidence in your abilities and meet the requirements of the school.”

“Okay, thank you!”

….

Xu Tui had learned about the extermination mission a long time ago.

An Xiaoxue had also told him in the past that the research funding for the Research Institute Number 14 was insufficient. She was prepared to undertake the extermination mission after she recovered to replenish her research funding.

The extermination mission was related to his current genetic evolution.

Humans passed their genes down too slowly. Only four to five generations had passed in a hundred years. The enhancement to human strength was too small. That was why they chose to go through this sudden evolution.

However, the passing down of genes in the wild was progressing at a terrifying rate.

The larger theory was that humans had managed to influence all living things in nature after they unlocked their genetic chains and underwent mutation.

There were a lot of smaller theories too.

For example, there was the extraterrestrial battlefield’s radiation, the extraterrestrial invaders 100 years ago who injected genetic weapons into the Blue Star, etc.

There was no conclusive reason.

However, the wilderness of the Blue Star had become a paradise for plants and animals.

A hundred years ago, as long as a place was within the reach of humans, 10,000 humans would arrive one after the other to occupy, develop, or even destroy it.

Humans were the masters of nature. However, ever since the Great Genetic Age, humans have constantly retreated from nature. The deep mountains and forests that humans loved to visit in the past had become a forbidden area for life. Ordinary people would not survive a night if they barged in.

Over the years, humans had constantly retreated from nature. Now, they had retreated to the edge of the city. Even so, nature still needed to be eliminated by the government from time to time. Otherwise, the mutated animals and plants would invade human lives and cause massive losses.

A large number of people would be assigned to clean up the peripheral areas. However, the powerful individuals and groups living in the deep mountains and forests needed true genetic newcomers to exterminate them. They had also sent an army to wipe them out in the past.

It had an effect. However, consuming too many resources was extremely harmful to the environment, especially in complicated terrain. They might even be wiped out by a group of creatures if they were not careful.

Later on, the Genetic Research Institute, various genetic pharmaceutical companies, and various research institutes developed a strong need for these mutated animals and plants in the wilderness.

After decades of development, the extermination mission had become a system.

However, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College also had a rigid requirement for this. Second-year students who were Level C Genetic Liberators and above could only accept missions to eliminate them after they passed the practical tests.

…

He chatted with Luo Murong along the way and was not bored.

The repulsion-force flying car flew at a low altitude. There was no traffic jam. It took them less than 20 minutes to arrive at the branch of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association in the west of the Capital.

There were many flying cars in the parking lot. Many people were walking around.

“Today, the vice-chairman of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association, Shen Jiushuang, is giving an internal public lecture. He is a true elder.

“It is rumored that his individual strength reached the Genetic Transmutation Realm 30 years ago. He is at the same level as the vice-principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He had also contributed greatly to the extraterrestrial battlefield.

“Students from the genetic ancient martial arts societies in the Capital and the surrounding genetic evolution colleges had all rushed over.

“There are also many people like me who have joined the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association. Come and listen to the lecture. See if you can understand anything,” Luo Murong introduced after they parked the car.

The public lesson this time was at the training hall of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association.

Due to the ingenious design, the small venues that could hold several hundred to a thousand people became a large-scale comprehensive training hall that could hold over 10,000 people after they were combined and moved.

At this moment, there was a long queue at the various entrances of the venue.

Luo Murong did not bring Xu Tui along to the queue. Instead, he brought Xu Tui along as he walked into a VIP passageway that was not crowded.

The only accident along the way was the actions of a few of Murong’s fangirls. They blushed and wanted to greet Murong, but they were immediately pushed back by Luo Murong’s gaze.

Luo Murong, who was dressed in Hanfu, strode forward in such a crowded area. His aura was too powerful.

Xu Tui, who was following behind Luo Murong, had the illusion that he was a sidekick.

At the VIP tunnel, other people would have to verify their identity or check their electronic identity in order to pass, but Luo Murong could pass with just his face. Then, he silently watched as Xu Tui’s electronic identity was examined. The calm smile at the corner of his lips suddenly gave Xu Tui the urge to beat the crap out of him. Did this guy have such a high realm in showing off?

The people who ran forward to greet Luo Murong after they entered the venue were all young ladies. There were even a few pretty young ladies who were wearing Han clothes. A few of them were young ladies with exceptional charisma.

These young ladies came forward to greet him. Some even took the initiative to shake his hand. However, they were all rejected by Luo Murong with a look.

Xu Tui became a little anxious when he saw this. He was thinking about a question. If it was him, would he shake hands with all of these young ladies? If they were willing, should he offer a polite hug?

Xu Tui thought that he would. However, Luo Murong rejected all of them. He even disregarded them.

No wonder! The reputation of liking men was probably derived from this.

…

“Brother Murong, over here! Over here! I’ve reserved a seat for you!” A lady in a Hanfu shouted at Luo Murong as she waved a small folding fan.

Luo Murong looked at the seat number he had just gotten, then glanced toward the seat of the lady in the Hanfu. He then took the initiative to walk over.

The seat that the lady in the Hanfu occupied was excellent. It was quite close to the main stage, but it was not one that he had to look up to. It was in the best position.

Mei Qingfei was very excited when she saw Luo Murong walk over. Her heart beat faster when she saw Luo Murong walk over. Indeed, Brother Murong liked things that were truly meaningful. She had done the right thing.

“Brother Murong, I came early at five in the morning and finally got to the two best seats.” She was wearing a collared Han-style dress. Coupled with the light blue ribbon that hung from her long black hair, she looked as elegant as a fairy.

Her blushing cheeks made her look even more alluring.

“Thank you.”

Luo Murong fetched over the two seat cards that Mei Qingfei was holding and handed one over to Xu Tui.

“Have a seat first.”

Xu Tui was startled. Instantly, he felt a dozen murderous gazes turn toward him.

Mei Qingfei’s gaze was the most murderous.

“You can go to the seat you got if you don’t like sitting here,” Luo Murong added.

Xu Tui did not have an appointment. So the seats that he had been given were the last few rows. He would be a fool if he made another mistake in this choice. He ignored the murderous intent in Mei Qingfei’s eyes and sat down immediately.

Seeing that Xu Tui had taken a seat, Luo Murong placed his seat card in the middle as well as the other seat card that Mei Qingfei had handed him in front of her.

“You can choose from these two tickets. See which one you want to sit on. I’ll sit on the remaining one.” Luo Murong gave Mei Qingfei a chance to make her choice.

Instantly, at least four to five fangirls in the middle seat for Luo Murong turned to look in his direction.

Mei Qingfei looked at the seats around her, then glanced toward the various young ladies sitting around Luo Murong’s original seat. She then made a decision. She no longer had a chance, but she could not allow anyone else to get close to Luo Murong.

“Brother Murong, you can sit in my seat. I’ll go to your seat.”

“Thank you!”

Before she left, Mei Qingfei glared at Xu Tui. Her gaze was murderous. Of course, when Mei Qingfei walked toward the seat that originally belonged to Luo Murong, she also received a murderous look from the girls around her.

The atmosphere was filled with killing intent.

“Thanks!” Luo Murong was thanking Xu Tui, his shield.

“Murong, this is something that people dream about. Why did you refuse?” Xu Tui could not help but ask.

“You don’t understand.” Luo Murong shook his head.

A few minutes later, the bell rang. The noisy chatter in the venue immediately disappeared.

An old man with white hair but a glowing face and old shoes slowly walked onto the platform.