Chapter 119 - My Face Hurts A Little (2)

Chapter 119: My Face Hurts A Little (2)

“However, in modern genetic theory, the so-called dantian was merely a storage place for energy fields.

“Any Extreme Branch cultivator would have a storage for an energy field similar to their dantian at the core of their body, where they could use their energy fields to attack. Most importantly, the technique you used to quickly strengthen the energy field you stored in your dantian is a secret technique,” Luo Murong explained.

“Do I have to join the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association?” Xu Tui finally reacted.

...

“Yes.”

“Murong, do they have any special requirements for joining the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes. The first request is to defend Huaxia,” Luo Murong said.

Xu Tui felt that he fulfilled that requirement naturally.

“Are there any more?”

“The second request is that you must not do anything that would damage the reputation of the genetic ancient martial arts school or the association,” Luo Murong said.

“That doesn’t seem to be a problem. Anything else?”

“That’s all.”

This surprised Xu Tui. Those two points were not difficult. It looked like joining the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association would not be too difficult.

“Murong, will I be able to obtain secret techniques related to the Energy Field if I join the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s just the basics. There are deeper levels that require a corresponding number of contribution points.”

“I need the corresponding contribution points too?” Xu Tui was a little shocked.

“Of course, the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association is not a public welfare organization. Furthermore, free things are the least cherished things in this world. Otherwise, why would they set a Genetic Admission Score for you and not popularize it to the public?

“You wouldn’t have the effort and passion you have now if the Genetic Liberation Elixir had been popularized among the people.

“It is the same in the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association.”

After he said this, Luo Murong pointed toward a button beside Xu Tui’s seat and said, “If you want to further study the genetic ancient martial arts and join the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association, press that button. Inform the attendant that you have found the Qi sensation.

“With the alarming speed at which you found the sensation of qi, Mr. Shen Jiushuang should be able to meet you personally. He would largely put you on his priority nurturing list. There should be many benefits.”

“Do you need me to push it for you?” Luo Murong joked as he pointed towards the button.

Xu Tui instinctively wanted to agree. Currently, he was rather interested in genetic ancient martial arts. Furthermore, based on what he had displayed just now, the genetic ancient martial arts energy field was more suitable for him. If he could master the energy field of genetic ancient martial arts, then the problem of his close-range defense would be partially solved.

Currently, Xu Tui’s mid-range attacks were very powerful. But, it would be extremely dangerous if the enemies got close to him. If he could master the energy field of genetic ancient martial arts, then Xu Tui’s offense and defense would have a systematic foundation.

Also, the introductory technique of the genetic ancient energy field was rather similar to Xu Tui’s meditation technique. To be honest, he wanted to continue researching in that direction. He wanted to see if he could find the source and resolve his doubts. Then, he would take another step in this direction.

However, Xu Tui stopped because he was considering another problem.

Genetic Miracle.

He was already an official member of the Research Institute Number 14, which meant that he was now in the School of Genetic Miracles. Xu Tui did not know if he would be breaking any rules if he joined the Genetic Ancient Association to learn about genetic energy fields.

However, he had to inform his teacher, An Xiaoxue, before he entered the Genetic Ancient Association to learn about the genetic energy fields. He had to ask for her opinion.

Xu Tui immediately sent a message to An Xiaoxue.

“Miss An, I attended an internal lecture on genetic ancient martial arts with a few other students today. I am very interested in their genetic ancient martial arts energy fields and have found a sense of qi. I wish to learn about genetic ancient martial arts energy fields to make up for my shortcomings in close combat. Are Genetic Miracles allowed to do that?”

“It looks like you managed to find a sense of Qi during your public lecture. Practicing the energy field of genetic ancient martial arts is not bad. In this regard, Genetic Miracles do not have many requirements, much less prohibitions. Furthermore, to some extent, Genetic Miracles encourage members to learn the theories and powers of other schools. In this day and age, a nation could only become a nation if it accepted all kinds of people. However, there is one thing that you have to remember.”

An Xiaoxue replied very quickly. She must have set Xu Tui up as a particularly important contact.

“Tell me, Miss An.”

“There are many things that are useful to us or directions that we need to learn and train in. However, each of us has a limited amount of time and energy. In the future, during your studies and training, you must differentiate between your priorities and allocate your training energy and time wisely. Otherwise, being proficient in every aspect and being average in every aspect would be the same,” An Xiaoxue replied.

“Thank you for your reminder, Miss An. I understand.”

Xu Tui really did understand. However, An Xiaoxue’s suggestion was a little different from what Xu Tui really thought.

Currently, what he lacked the most were training resources. In simpler terms, he was poor.

Xu Tui immediately made a decision after he got a reply from An Xiaoxue. He gently pressed on the button beside his seat.

“Have you thought it through?” Luo Murong laughed.

“Yes, I have.” Xu Tui nodded.

At this moment, Meng Sixi, who had been displaying the wonders of the genetic ancient martial arts energy field on the stage, quickly arrived in front of Xu Tui’s seat.

“You were the one who pressed on it. It has only been 15 minutes, but you managed to find the sensation of Qi…” He had not finished his sentence when Meng Sixi suddenly saw Luo Murong. He quickly cupped his fists toward Luo Murong. “Greetings, Senior Brother Luo.”

Luo Murong returned to his usual aloof self. He let out a slight grunt and nodded slightly as a form of greeting.

Xu Tui was a little shocked by his attitude. It looked like he really was roommates with Luo Murong. They were just a little closer.

“Senior Luo, let me deal with this side first.” Meng Sixi pointed toward Xu Tui.

“There’s no need to deal with it. I’ve already verified that he has indeed found the sensation of qi,” Luo Murong said.

Meng Si suddenly revealed a shocked expression. “It’s only been 15 minutes, right? How is that possible? Could he have practiced this before?” Meng Sixi instinctively questioned him.

Luo Murong had wanted to tell Xu Tui that he managed to find his qi in a minute, but he stopped himself when he heard that. He should not cause trouble for Xu Tui.

“Let’s go see Elder Shen together. Let Elder Shen have a look.”

Since Luo Murong had said so, Meng Sixi could only agree. He immediately brought Xu Tui and Luo Murong out of the venue and into a small but elegant room at the back of the venue.

Mr. Shen Jiushuang, who had just finished his lesson, was leisurely sipping on a cup of old tea.

“Teacher, I’ve brought him along. He is the first student who managed to find a sense of Qi within 15 minutes. However, he did not join the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Club. This is his first time here. He was brought here by Senior Luo,” Meng Sixi reported.

“Murong, you’re here. Sit!” Shen Jiushuang observed Luo Murong and Xu Tui as she spoke. “You’ve cleaned yourself up even more exquisitely than a young lady. Even an old fogey like me would want to take another look.”

“Fortunately…” As he sighed, he shifted the topic to Xu Tui. “Young man, you can try to sense your Qi again in front of me. Don’t be nervous. Just act as if you were normal just now.”

Shen Jiushuang closed his eyes after he finished speaking.

Xu Tui was not nervous at all. He nodded and sat down on the empty futon beside him. He calmed himself down. He first took a gentle breath to clear his mind, then exhaled a mouthful of impure air to calm his mind. The breaths were long and loose. He instantly cleared his mind of distracting thoughts and entered a meditative state. He started the visualization technique.

Without waiting for the heat flow in Xu Tui’s body to appear and for him to find the sensation of qi, Mr. Shen, who had just closed his eyes to sense the air, suddenly opened his eyes and exclaimed.

“What a fast meditation speed!”