Chapter 110 - She Wants You To Whip Her (1)

Chapter 110: She Wants You to Whip Her (1)

Honestly, Xu Tui was very unfamiliar with the subject of research. Furthermore, figuring out a method that suited him and finding a method that suited someone else through his experience were two completely different concepts.

Currently, what Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng needed to do was to research on Xu Tui and find a way to activate a completely new reaction-related genetic base point.

If Xu Tui had to do it himself, he might not understand the first step at all. However, Professor Luo Shifeng had instantly become Xu Tui’s guiding light now.

...

“First, I want to have a general understanding of the new neural-type Genetic Base Points that you have discovered. I’ll ask and you’ll answer. We can communicate on the spot if you have any questions.”

Luo Shifeng was very good at researching.

In the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, it was not difficult to become a professor based on your individual strength and accumulation. However, it was impossible to become the head of a department without producing exceptional research results.

“I’ve checked through the materials. The school of Enlightened Mind has a way of training how to focus your senses. Focus means to activate. What I want to know is whether you can activate your Genetic Base Points only once with no interruptions during the process, right? Or can you stop at any time after you start?” Luo Shifeng raised the first question.

“I can stop at any time.”

Luo Shifeng recorded his findings. “Second question: Does administering the Nerve Acceleration Elixir help you with your discovery of this new reaction-type Genetic Base Point? This concerns the batches of tests that we are going to undertake.”

“It’s helpful. I only managed to faintly sense this reaction-type Genetic Base Points after I was administered with the Nerve Acceleration Elixir. As for the rest, I’m not too sure.” Xu Tui communicated honestly.

“I have a question that I have to confirm. Some of the unique high-frequency stimuli in the outside world should have an effect on the completely new reaction-type Genetic Base Points that you discovered. We will have to test out the specific stimulating method one by one.

“However, if there is really a stimulus, can you feel or notice it? Even if it is the slightest of feelings? That is very important. It concerns the speed of our research,” Luo Shifeng said.

“I should be able to.”

Luo Shifeng frowned. “We are conducting research. I need a confirmed answer. Yes or no. Not an ambiguous answer like that. This will determine our research direction and research plan. It is extremely important.”

“Yes.” Xu Tui gave an affirmative answer after he thought about it.

“I want to know…”

…

This interaction lasted almost an hour. Xu Tui’s interaction with Luo Shifeng was only completed when the class was about to end.

“I already have a preliminary research plan, but I still need to supplement it carefully. However, our research can begin now. Based on the first deduction, this might be the best time for you to conduct our research after you are administered with the Nerve Acceleration Elixir.

“Therefore, our research will begin now.

“First, I have to stimulate your nervous system according to your different body parts. Do you have any problems with that?” Luo Shifeng said.

After obtaining Xu Tui’s approval, Luo Shifeng immediately brought Xu Tui into the Research Center of the School of Neurology, which was located behind his office. There were not many people. Only a few teachers were conducting research.

Luo Shifeng casually called over a rather tall teacher. She was female.

“Bring him along for the segmented reflexes training.”

This female teacher could only be considered average-looking. However, she was not ugly. She looked tall. She was only a little shorter than Xu Tui.

Xu Tui estimated that she was 1.75 meters tall.

A good-looking person could conceal a hundred things from an ugly person. A pair of long legs were enough to make her look attractive.

“This segmented training for your reflexes is harmless to you. On the contrary, it can also increase the speed of your reflexes and the reactions of various parts of your body. However, it still took a large amount of time. As it was stimulating, you might even feel a little uncomfortable.

“It’s also because of this that it can’t be widely used. You can stand it, right?” Luo Shifeng said.

“As a man, what’s a little hardship?” Xu Tui patted his chest loudly. He had a confident expression.

“That’s good. However, not only do you have to endure the discomfort, but you also have to use your introspection technique to sense your surroundings carefully. If the segmented reflexes stimulating training has any effect on the genetic base point that you are researching, you must immediately tell Miss Liu to record it down.

“Then, repeat the process over and over again. Remember the stimulating areas and methods that would affect the genetic base point that you are researching. That will be your main mission for the next few days.”

After he said this, Luo Shifeng looked outside. “I’m going to choose experimental volunteers from different control groups. The preparation time might be three to four days. I hope that you can hurry.”

Luo Shifeng was indeed an expert when it came to research. He managed to arrange everything for Xu Tui in a short time.

“No problem.”

After receiving an affirmative answer, Luo Shifeng turned to leave. However, he had just taken two steps when he returned.

“Oh, yes, Miss Liu, his name is Xu Tui. He is a collaborator in one of my new research projects. More accurately, he is the leader and I am the support.

“At the same time, he is also a researcher from the Genetic Research Institute’s Institute 14. Work with him and do your basic research,” Luo Shifeng returned and explained.