Chapter 112 - The Exchange Group

Chapter 112: The Exchange Group

Actual combat building, Arena A44.

Chai Xiao and Chi Hongying were already there when Xu Tui arrived. Furthermore, judging from the empty bubble tea cup in front of Chi Hongying, it had been some time since they arrived.

“This person is so eager to be whipped?”

...

“Brother, you’re finally here. Brother, are we going to train now?” Chai Xiao said directly.

Xu Tui did not understand the situation. He looked at Chai Xiao and Chi Hongying, who were walking over, and asked, “Brother Chai, Senior Chi, what exactly is going on? I am not very proficient at using my mental whip. I don’t know if whipping someone for an extended period of time would cause permanent damage to their mind.”

“I’ve asked the teacher. I’ve also consulted a vice-chairman of your Mystery Branch. Under normal circumstances, being continuously attacked by mind power would not cause permanent mind damage. The only way to cause permanent mental damage is to instantly be hit by a mental attack several times the normal limit.”

Today, Chi Hongying had changed into a pair of tall, dark green battle boots. She looked extremely heroic. He noticed that Chai Xiao was also wearing a pair of black high-top combat boots.

It was a matching set.

Xu Tui was silently fed with sweetness just by looking at them.

Xu Tui suddenly thought about the incident two days ago. Could it be that the series of good deeds he did had caused a fundamental change in the relationship between Chai Xiao and Chi Hongying? Did Chai Xiao succeed? Or did he make major progress?

Xu Tui felt that Chai Xiao had to treat him to a meal after he completed his training. He would be letting himself down if he did not take advantage of the situation.

“That works too. However, Senior Chi, I do not understand. Why did you specially come to be whipped by the mind power? Based on what I know, this doesn’t feel good, does it? It feels worse than being beaten up, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“That is indeed the case. However, it is also a must!”

Chi Hongying glanced at Chai Xiao. Chai Xiao quickly turned on his communication device and projected a video.

“Look at this battle video first.”

In the video, two people were engaged in battle.

Xu Tui deduced the identities of the two people fighting based on the style of their clothes and the flags they were waving even without Chai Xiao’s explanation.

One of them was clearly a young man from the Indian Sector. His turban attracted a lot of attention.

The other person should be a young man from the Korean Star Sector in the Huaya Sector.

The two of them were standing at a standard distance of 15 meters.

The black-haired teenager from the Korean Star Sector should be an Extreme Branch fighter. He was extremely fast. As soon as the battle started, he shot toward the young man from the India Sector like a snake.

However, only an instant later, the black-haired teenager from Korean Star District suddenly convulsed violently and fell onto the ground.

The teenager from the Indian Sector charged forward and slid the dagger that he was holding in his hand to the side.

Blood instantly splattered everywhere. He slit his throat!

The next scene was a little chaotic. The emergency personnel and the teachers pounced onto the stage.

The scene changed. This time, it was a young man from the Korean Star Sector of the Mystery Branch who was going up on stage. He was a rare ice-element superb individual. The moment he got onto the stage, he immediately attacked the young man from the India Sector until he was flustered.

However, during this time, the body of the young man from the Mystery Branch trembled three times in a row. On the fourth time, the ice-element superb individual from the Korean Star Sector fell onto the ground.

The young man from the India Sector pounced forward again. He even wanted to slit his throat. However, this time, the hosts of the Korean Star Sector managed to stop them in time. He did not fall into the hands of the young man from the India Sector.

The young man from the India Sector had won five consecutive battles. He successfully slit their throats twice.

Under current medical conditions, they would not die after their throats were slit as long as they were treated in time. However, that would be a lifelong nightmare for the participants.

“I think this is a real battle in school. Why is this lad so cruel? He dared to kill someone on the spot.”

This was Xu Tui’s first reaction after he finished watching the video.

“That is permitted in battle,” Chai Xiao said. “The abilities of genetic newcomers cannot be compared with those of humans in the past.

“In the past, ordinary humans were limited to their abilities. Even if they had been through professional training, it was very difficult to kill or injure someone with their bare hands when they had protective gear. However, it was different for genetic newcomers.

“They could instantly injure and kill someone. Under exceptional circumstances, the teacher-in-charge might not be able to stop them in time. Back then, the Genetic Committee had also restricted the intensity of their battles.

“However, to genetic newcomers, sparring and actual combat were meaningless once the intensity of the battle was restricted. You had to hold back half of your strength when you punched out, and you had to be wary of injuring your opponent. There was no point in fighting in such a situation.

“The Mystery Branch was even harder. There was a time when superb individuals with immense destructive power like the fire and lightning attributes did not dare to use their abilities because they were afraid that they would injure their opponents in battle.

“However, the situation would be completely different once they were on a mission or on the battlefield.

“After that, the Blue Star Genetic Committee issued a clear request that there were no restrictions on the intensity of their exchanges.

“However, they have to be equipped with high-standard defensive equipment. Furthermore, powerful teachers have to preside over the battle and rescue them to minimize casualties.”

Chai Xiao paused for a moment after he said that. “Actually, it is just like that in our school, especially during the battles for the Longhu List. There are often incidents of serious injuries or even crippling. There are even deaths occasionally.

“However, when our school was fighting for the Longhu List, we were directly equipped with the standard battle equipment used by combat units. Their defensive capabilities are sufficiently high. The teacher presiding over the competition was also powerful.

“Thus, it was common for people to be injured during the competition for the Longhu List. However, it was rare for people to be severely injured.

“Of course, if that really happens… That is a risk that we have to bear when we fight for the Longhu List,” Chai Xiao said.

“Why does it look like this guy from the India Sector is deliberately killing people?” Xu Tui knitted his brows.

“If you can’t even take on such a small risk, then you should just obediently become a clerk and give up on the path of genetic evolution.” Chi Hongying walked over with her high-top combat boots.

“This person’s name is Azari. He is a genius student from the top-notch New-India Genetic Evolution College in the India Sector. He is in his second year. Among the second-year students of the New-India Genetic Evolution College, the India Sector officially announced that he was in the top 10.

“Recently, he had followed a delegation from the India Sector to the Huaya Sector for an exchange visit. His last battle was in the Korean Star Sector. He had crippled six of the top second-year students of the Taiji Genetic Evolution College in the Korean Star Sector by himself.

“Their next stop would be the Huaxia Sector of the Huaya Sector. When the time comes, this kind of battle exchange would be held at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. The students participating in the exchange will also be selected from the second-year students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“The teacher’s request was that the top 100 students in the Year Two Longhu List had to actively prepare for battle. However, after studying Azari’s battle videos, we realized that the mind power attack he had was too strange and rare. It was impossible to guard against it.

“Currently, the Mystery Branch Institute has not come up with a feasible plan. Our Extreme Branch Institute is also actively preparing for battle. It was only now that I thought about your mental whip. I’ve asked the teacher.

“According to what the teacher said, there are only two ways to withstand this kind of mind power attack before your cultivation and ability have reached the level of a genetic evolver,” Chi Hongying explained.

“Which two methods?”

Xu Tui became interested when the topic was brought up.

“The first is to activate genetic ability chains that can enhance the defense of mind power or mental defenses. However, that was too difficult. A student from the Mystery Branch might be able to accomplish that after many years.

“However, it is too difficult for the Extreme Branch,” Chi Hongying said.

“What’s the second method?”

“The second method is simple. Beaten up! Being beaten up by mind power. It was like the iron bone ability of the Extreme Branch. Actually, all one needed to do was continuously injure the bone before hastening the regeneration and recovery.

“If this process was repeated continuously, the bones would become stronger. When the stimulation reached a certain level, the relevant genetic base points would be activated and the Iron Bones ability would be developed.

“It was the same for mind power. If I got beaten up too often, I would be able to activate relevant genetic base point abilities. My ability to withstand such mind power damage would definitely be stronger. I would definitely not lose my ability to fight after being taken down with one hit. So!”

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. He understood what Chi Hongying was thinking.

“So, we want to borrow your mental whip to temper our ability to withstand mind power attacks as a preparation for battle,” Chi Hongying said.

“Alright.” Xu Tui nodded. “Oh yeah, would the other grades be able to take on Azari when the time comes? How did the selection process go?”

Xu Tui was actually a little curious and eager after he finished watching the video. He wanted to test out Azari’s mental attacks.

“Based on the principle of equal exchange, only second-year students would be able to participate. Third-year and fourth-year students would definitely not be able to participate. It would be even more embarrassing if they did,” Chai Xiao said.

Xu Tui was a little disappointed when he heard this answer.

“Alright, since you understand, let’s begin. Use your mental whip to whip him and me!” Chi Hongying had a determined expression.

Chai Xiao’s hair stood on end when he heard that.

“No, no, no. Hongying, you can do this, I won’t be joining you. You are ranked near the top of the Longhu List in our second year. You would definitely have a chance to exchange pointers. Forget about me.” Chai Xiao cowered.

“No!” Chi Hongying was very determined. “You have to. Even if you don’t have the chance to face the exchange team from the India Sector, you also have to temper the endurance of your mind power. If you encounter a similar opponent in the future, the training you undergo today will protect your life in the future.

“We have to!”

Chai Xiao was a little dumbfounded. He was also a little hesitant. He did not want to be abused! However, without waiting for him to consider anything, Chi Hongying pulled him toward her.

“Come, whip us hard!” Chi Hongying stomped her feet and raised her head. Her simple sentence had a heroic tone.

“This… Directly whip you?” Xu Tui was a little hesitant. “Senior Chi, I think that we should look for an opportunity to use mind power as we train. Actually, any mental attack had a distance limit. This could only be seen in actual combat.

“I think that honing the endurance of your mind power in battle would be better,” Xu Tui said.

What Xu Tui said was true. Of course, he also wanted to use this opportunity to train his practical abilities. If both Chai Xiao and Chi Hongying made use of their full strength in battle, they would be worthy practice partners.

“That’s true! We have to go all out!” Chi Hongying thought about it for three seconds, then agreed to Xu Tui’s suggestion. “I’ll go first, then you. One match for each of us. I’ll put on my protective equipment.”

Chai Xiao had already secretly sent Xu Tui a message when Chi Hongying was putting on her protective gear.

“Brother, remember to hold back when you whip me with your mind power later. You can’t cripple me. Just whip your sister-in-law as hard as you can. It would be best if you can cripple her. Only then would I have a chance like the day before yesterday!”

Xu Tui, who had just received the message, silently nodded toward Chai Xiao.

“Tell me yourself. How many meals?”

“Three meals?”

“I’ll bring a friend. There’s no limit. How’s that?”

“Tch, as if that will make me poor!”

“It’s a deal!”

A few minutes later, Xu Tui’s second act of kindness began.