Chapter 128 - Destroy The Light (1)

Chapter 128: Destroy the Light (1)

“You really… activated it overnight? One night?”

Luo Murong spoke slowly. There was an inexplicable calmness in his slow speech. However, he still stuttered when he felt the tiny fluctuation in his dantian.

“It should be… one night, right?” Xu Tui thought about it and nodded.

...

Murong seemed to have suffered a blow. Xu Tui felt that he should not tell the truth. The truth was that he had only used one and a half hours to activate his fundamental dantian last night. It had not even taken 90 minutes.

After that, Xu Tui worked hard to cultivate for nearly two hours. He used up most of his mind power before he fell into a deep sleep. However, he had yet to activate the sixth genetic base point of the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. He would probably have to cultivate for an entire night before he could activate it.

“One night… Your speed…” Luo Murong was speechless.

It could be said that it was a coincidence that he found a sense of Qi in the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association yesterday. But now, he had activated his fundamental dantian in one night. Xu Tui’s talent was really…

It was laughable that he had concealed it a little just now. He did not expect to be slapped in the face.

When Xu Tui had asked him how many days it had taken for him to activate his fundamental dantian, Luo Murong recalled how Xu Tui had slapped him in the face at the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association yesterday.

As a senior in the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association and Xu Tui’s senior, he could be said to have completely crushed Xu Tui. Including his handsomeness!

However, Luo Murong was extremely disdainful of being handsome.

Luo Murong valued ability and cultivation talent. He used to have absolute pride when it came to cultivation. He did not want to be suppressed by Xu Tui.

Therefore, Luo Murong had some thoughts when he answered Xu Tui’s question. He wanted to give Xu Tui some pressure and give him a blow.

Luo Murong deliberately reduced the time he took to activate his fundamental dantian by half. It actually took him six days to activate his fundamental dantian more than two years ago. This was an extremely shocking speed at that time. Even his teacher praised his talent to his face.

An old senior from the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association even wanted to snatch him as his disciple.

With the intention of dealing Xu Tui a blow, Luo Murong told him that he had used three days to activate his fundamental dantian.

Luo Murong felt that this should be able to deal a blow to Xu Tui. But in reality, he had been slapped in the face again.

One night! Xu Tui had only used one night. Luo Murong felt that his face was about to swell.

Xu Tui did not tell the truth. If he told the truth that it was an hour and a half…

“In the future, I should try not to call myself a genius in front of this guy…”

Luo Murong silently reminded himself.

“Since you’ve activated your fundamental dantian, you should make a trip to the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association to get your certification when you have the time. If you have the time, you should take a look at the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Hidden Pavilion.

“It has only been a hundred years since our era arrived. Many things are still in the exploration stage. If we want to go further, we still need to have our own understanding and thoughts,” Luo Murong said faintly.

“Murong, do you have any thoughts about being Mr. Shen Jiushuang’s last disciple? I’ve read ancient books. In ancient martial arts sects, the inheritance of a master and disciple is emphasized. It’s even more so that a master is like a father and a master’s order is as important as the heavens. How is it in the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association now?”

To be honest, these were Xu Tui’s worries. As a youth of the 22nd century, he was not interested in the saying that a master’s order was as important as the heavens. If his master was wrong, he, as his disciple, could not point it out?

“There are indeed traces of ancient martial sects in the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association. They also pay attention to the inheritance of masters and disciples. Some of the top-notch secret techniques are not something that anyone can learn just because they want to.

“But now, it was not a few hundred years ago. All the seniors in the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association had also grown up step by step since they were young. Their thoughts were completely different from the elders in the ancient books. The situation where one’s master’s orders were as important as the heavens would not happen.

“Of course, it’s also because of the unique method of guiding the inheritance of genetic ancient martial arts. The relationship between teachers and students is definitely much stronger than the relationship between teachers and students in our school.

“I personally think that having a teacher in the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association is not bad. Old Master Shen Jiushuang should be a good choice,” Luo Murong said.

“Okay, I understand! By the way, Murong, after I activated my fundamental dantian, I condensed a ball of inner Qi, which is the energy field force. However, as long as I think about guiding the energy field force out of my dantian, my dantian will feel an inexplicable pain and discomfort.

“Do I have to complete the activation of the Lesser Heavenly Cycle genetic chain to guide the energy field power in my dantian out of my dantian?” Xu Tui asked.

Luo Murong stared at Xu Tui in shock when he heard that. He had a look on his face that said Xu Tui was really bold.

“The 18 genetic base points involved in the Lesser Heavenly Cycle genetic chain are actually important points that can radiate to all parts of the upper body. It’s like a transport station.

“If you activated the four genetic base points in the spine, life-gate, dazhui, and left shoulder at the same time, the energy field in your dantian would explode in your left shoulder and entire left arm.

“Do you understand?” Luo Murong asked.

“A little?” Then what does it mean to activate all 18 Genetic Base Points in the Lesser Heavenly Cycle genetic chain to form the so-called closed-loop internal circulation?” Xu Tui asked again.