Chapter 124 - Whoever Comes Would Die! (2)

Chapter 124: Whoever Comes Would Die! (2)

“How can I not pay a price if I want to see a world that ordinary people can’t see? We are all men. What’s the trouble?” Cheng Mo smiled and put his arm around Xu Tui’s shoulder.

Xu Tui froze, then laughed. “That’s right. What’s the trouble?”

“That’s right. It’s rare for you to be so generous today. You have to let me have a good time!”

...

“Don’t worry. There is a tycoon here today. You’ll be full!”

When he was about to arrive at the entrance of the restaurant that Chai Xiao had booked, Xu Tui took out a piece of paper and handed it over to Cheng Mo.

“Have you heard of genetic ancient martial arts?”

“I’ve heard of them. They had come to our faculty to recruit new members. I wasn’t chosen.”

“This is an energy field initiation technique that only official members of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association can attempt to cultivate. I wrote it all down on a piece of paper. Train accordingly when you’re free. Remember to tell me if you sensed your qi.”

“Alright.”

“Oh, yes, how are the effects of the Engine 2.0 theory that I taught you previously?” Xu Tui asked.

“The effect was not bad.” Cheng Mo raised his right hand in front of Xu Tui as he laughed. His fingers instantly danced like a phantom. “Based on your theory, I’ve already activated three genetic base points with my right hand. It’s just that sometimes, when the consciousness-directed process is over, I’ll feel a little tired and a little hungry!”

“Hand speed again!” Xu Tui had despised Cheng Mo in the first sentence, but he instantly laughed when he heard the latter sentence. “That’s right. If you persevere like this and persist for half an hour every night before bed, the effects would definitely be extraordinary after the accumulation of time. Also, don’t always think about using hand speed. Those are for you to use. Why are you using those?”

Cheng Mo felt his teeth ache when he heard about hand speed. Actually, he had only tried it out at the start and casually chose his right hand to try it out. He did not expect to successfully activate it. He activated it, but he also wanted to focus on one spot.

…

Chai Xiao had reserved a new restaurant. The environment and decorations were rather decent.

They had the capital’s roasted duck, a specialty of the capital, as well as dishes from Sichuan Province and Hunan Province. Most of it were popular dishes, so it could only be considered a mid-grade restaurant.

Chai Xiao had not come alone. He also brought his girlfriend, Chi Hongying.

After being whipped by Xu Tui’s mind power for the past few days, Chi Hongying’s attitude toward Xu Tui had completely changed. She had changed from calling Xu Tui a weakling to calling him Brother Godly Whip.

“Brother Godly Whip, the specialty dish here is fruit-wood roasted duck. I’ve already ordered one in advance, as well as a few vegetarian dishes. Chai Xiao said that you guys like to eat meat, so I didn’t order any and decided to let you guys order.” Chi Hongying had the air of a hostess here. She greeted Xu Tui warmly.

Of course, Cheng Mo, who was still in a weak state, was not included in her greetings. However, she still greeted him politely out of respect for Xu Tui.

“Mozi, right? Brother Godly Whip has mentioned you to me many times. It’s my treat today. I can be considered as the landlord of the capital. You guys can order whatever you want to eat,” Chai Xiao said.

Cheng Mo, who was looking at the menu, started to drool when he heard this. Xu Tui was so angry that he cursed Cheng Mo for being useless.

“Then I’ll order them?”

“Sure.”

“I’ll really order it?”

“Why are you being so indecisive? Mozi, that’s not good at all. Just order when they said so. Why are you being so long-winded?” Chai Xiao had a heroic expression.

Cheng Mo was elated.

Xu Tui had already started to mourn for Chai Xiao.

“Two more of these roasted ducks, two big portions of red braised pork, two portions of spicy beef ribs, two portions of fried chicken, six roasted pork knuckles, and ten meatballs .”

“Bring me two portions of spicy stir-fried pork kidney, five pounds of lamb chops, and two portions of fried pork in scoop…”

Chai Xiao froze before Cheng Mo could finish his orders. That was enough food for a dozen more people. Was there anyone who ordered like that?

Swallowing, Chai Xiao whispered, “Mozi, let’s take it easy and eat first. We’ll order more if there’s not enough. It’ll be a waste if we order too much.”

Cheng Mo was a sensible person. He knew that the number of dishes he had ordered had exceeded Chai Xiao’s expectations. “Brother Chai, I know. I won’t waste it.”

After closing the menu, Cheng Mo smiled at the dumbfounded waitress and said, “We’ll have four dozen buns.”

Chai Xiao looked toward Xu Tui with a confused expression. Cheng Mo did not look like he was going to waste food. The four dozen buns could fill their stomachs.

“You said it. Eat your fill.” Xu Tui mouthed the words.

Chai Xiao let out a nervous laugh. He had thought about how much Xu Tui and his friend could eat. But how much could they eat? Could a person eat the same amount as ten people?

However, after the dishes were served, Chai Xiao realized that Xu Tui could eat enough for three to four people. Cheng Mo could definitely eat more than ten people’s worth of food.

Chai Xiao felt a headache coming on when he thought about how he promised Xu Tui that he would treat him to three meals, and he would let him eat his fill for each meal. He also felt extremely painful.

This meal would probably cost several thousand dollars, right?

Chai Xiao did a rough calculation. He had about 4,000 dollars, if not more.

It hurt.

However, he was a man after all. Since he agreed to treat his brothers, he would spend it willingly.

Halfway through his meal, Chai Xiao suddenly said, “Oh, yes, Brother, you mentioned last time that you wanted to find a way to make a fortune. I don’t have that kind of connections. However, I know a person who often buys things that are not available on the market for our family. He has a wide network of contacts. Why don’t I introduce him to you?”

“Is it reliable?”

“So-so. He’s definitely a genius. However, he has a wide network. I heard that he is very good at getting contribution points,” Chai Xiao said.