Chapter 125 - Whoever Comes Will Die! (3)

Chapter 125: Whoever Comes Will Die! (3)

“It’s not illegal, is it?”

“Of course it’s not illegal. Merit points aren’t allowed to be traded, but it doesn’t say that items exchanged with merit points aren’t allowed to be traded,” Chai Xiao said.

“Then I’ll meet him.”

...

Xu Tui had almost 1,000 merit points in his possession. In terms of value, they were extremely valuable. However, it was too much of a loss to exchange them for a Level E Energy Restoration Elixir that he desperately needed. It was really not worth it!

If he had a channel like Chai Xiao said, he would first exchange his merit points for rare items, then convert them into cash, and then use it to purchase Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs.

If it was legal, it would be a good path. It could solve Xu Tui’s current emergency. No matter what, he had to get to know him first.

Chai Xiao made a call on the spot.

In less than half an hour, an energetic young man with a military-green backpack and a super short haircut rushed over with some sweat. The moment he came over, he smiled and extended his hands.

“The reputation of the number one genius of the School of Enlightened Mind in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College is like thunder to my ears!

“My name is Zhuang Ziqiang. I specialize in providing special items to the talented students of the capital. Occasionally, I introduce some private jobs and provide information. Of course, all of them are legal!”

His praise for Xu Tui sounded so fake. It was filled with the smell of merchants. There were only a dozen or so people in the School of Enlightened Mind. The number one genius of the School of Enlightened Mind was no different from scolding someone.

After a round of introductions, they got to know each other. After exchanging personal information, Zhuang Ziqiang went straight to the point.

“Brother Xu, I heard from Brother Chai that you have some contribution points. Do you intend to convert them into cash?”

“Yes!”

“What’s the amount?”

“A few hundred. Less than a thousand.”

After he said that, Zhuang Ziqiang gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. “Brother Xu, you’re a real big shot. I’ll give you a plan that will benefit you the most.”

“Okay. Send it to me when you’re done. I’ll take a look.”

“Alright, no problem.”

The two sides chatted happily.

At this moment, Cheng Mo finally finished the four dozen buns he used to fill his stomach. He let out a satisfied burp.

Chai Xiao was about to get up to pay the bill.

At this moment, Zhuang Ziqiang became anxious.

“Brother Chai, I’m here. I’m so happy to meet Brother Xu today. It was worth it! Today’s meal is on me. It must be my treat!” Zhuang Ziqiang patted his chest and said.

“No, Old Zhuang, you don’t understand…” Chai Xiao wanted to explain that he had ordered a lot of dishes, but he could not say it directly for fear of embarrassing Cheng Mo.

Although there were many empty plates, most of them had been taken away.

When Zhuang Ziqiang saw this, he became even more anxious. “Brother Chai, since you’re taking such good care of me, I have to treat you to this meal. You’re looking down on me by not letting me treat you. Look, Sister-in-law is here too. You have to give me a chance to perform!”

Zhuang Ziqiang forced Chai Xiao back into his seat and rushed to the bar counter to pay the bill.

“I’ll be right back.”

Xu Tui looked at Zhuang Ziqiang, who had run to the bar counter, and shook his head. This guy did have the experience of a businessman, but he was still too young.

“Look, I don’t have any intention of tricking him. He insisted…” Chai Xiao also felt a little wronged. He, Chai Xiao, was a high official. He was not someone who had to find someone else to pay for a meal.

“This meal doesn’t count!”

“Who says it doesn’t count? You’re not the one spending the money!”

“Where’s your shame?”

….

While the two of them were laughing, Comrade Zhuang Ziqiang returned. His expression was a little stiff.

Holding the receipt, he could not help but ask, “Brothers, I want to know, are there only four people at our table today?”

“That’s right. There are only four of them. Why? Did they include the service fee?” Chai Xiao reached out to take the receipt.

Zhuang Ziqiang quickly waved his hand and forced a smile. “No, no. I’m just a little surprised. The four of you managed to achieve the effect of 30 people!”

Chai Xiao and Xu Tui’s faces were tense. They wanted to laugh but held it in. Only Cheng Mo’s face darkened. So he had eaten for 26 people alone?

“Look, I told you not to pay the bill, but you insisted.” Chai Xiao glanced at the receipt. It was 4,760 yuan.

Good lord!

“No, I should. I should.” Although he was extremely pained, Zhuang Ziqiang was still very strong. He acted very magnanimous.

“Don’t worry. I’ll accept this favor today. I won’t let you suffer. I’ll introduce you to a few more clients in a few days.”

“Thank you, Brother Chai. Thank you, Brother Chai!” Zhuang Ziqiang was finally happy.

On the way back, Xu Tui noticed that Chai Xiao and Chi Hongying were also returning to the school dormitory. Xu Tui felt that his series of good deeds might not be enough. He should do something good when he has the chance in the future.

“Brother Chai, Senior Chi, shall we continue the whipping session this week?” Xu Tui asked before they parted.

“We’ll take two more days, on Monday and Tuesday. We’ll adjust our condition on Wednesday. The actual combat exchange with the exchange team from the India Sector will be held on Thursday,” Chi Hongying said.

After she finished speaking, Chi Hongying suddenly glanced at Xu Tui and said, “Brother Godly Whip, what happened to your teacher, Professor An Xiaoxue? Why hasn’t she responded to the challenge?

“The Weibo circle that has been specially verified by the new humans is going crazy.”

“What challenge? What response?” Xu Tui was completely dumbfounded.