Chapter 126 - : The Culprit Who Hurt An Xiaoxue (1)

Chapter 126: The Culprit Who Hurt An Xiaoxue (1)

More than 80% of the younger generation in the Huaxia region had been injected with the Genetic Compound Chain Allele Elixir (Gene Liberation Elixir). However, there were not many genetic newcomers who could be certified as Level F genetic liberators by the government. Only about 60%.

Therefore, they still carried out a certain level of control to prevent causing panic in the society of ordinary people.

However, in the past ten years, this kind of control has begun to relax. Ordinary people could occasionally understand the bizarre world of genetic newcomers. They adopted a method of letting ordinary people know step by step.

...

However, the control was still there.

For example, if one wanted to obtain an account to enter the Genetic New Humans’ social media circle, they first had to be verified with their real name. Then, they had to be a genetic newcomer who had been verified by the Huaxia Genetic Committee before they could successfully register an account.

The lowest standard for this certification was a Level F genetic liberator!

Xu Tui instantly became anxious when he heard Chi Hongying mention that An Xiaoxue was also involved in the matter.

“I… I haven’t been certified as a genetic liberator, so I haven’t registered for the genetic newcomer Weibo circle.”

“This… is a little troublesome.” Chi Hongying frowned. “Then let Chai Xiao take a screenshot for you.”

“There’s no need to go through so much trouble. You have low-grade Level D rights. You can directly enter the special Weibo circle.”

“I can do that? Alright, thank you. I’ll go back first!”

Xu Tui returned to the dormitory in a hurry. Luo Murong should be in his evening class, so he did not disturb him. He quickly registered his Weibo account and applied to open an account for the special Weibo circle for genetic newcomers.

His identification was verified. Then there was facial recognition, special liability statements, and so on.

It was ten minutes later that Xu Tui successfully entered the special Weibo circle of genetic newcomers. When he searched for the words ‘An Xiaoxue’, a massive number of search results immediately popped up.

The hottest post was a statement by a guy named Haruji publicly challenging An Xiaoxue on Weibo.

It was an authentic challenge to An Xiaoxue.

“Dear Professor An Xiaoxue, I heard that you are the youngest professor in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. As for me, I am also one of the youngest professors in the New India Genetic Evolution College.

“It was a pity that the organizers had only arranged for actual combat exchanges between the students and did not arrange for actual combat exchanges between the teachers.

“Therefore, I specially issued a challenge to you here. On Thursday, August 11th, after the students’ actual combat exchange. The location was the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s combat arena.

“If you have the confidence, reply to me!”

This was a public challenge on Weibo. At the end of it, it included An Xiaoxue, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the Academic Affairs Office of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Mystery Branch, and so on.

However, so far, no official organization, including An Xiaoxue, had officially responded to Hauji’s challenge.

The first comment was from Haruji: An Xiaoxue, I’ll wait for you. If you don’t dare, forget it!

It was full of provocation!

Below the comments, they were all supporting An Xiaoxue.

[Beauty was proportional to strength.]

[Haruji overestimated himself.]

[He had a death wish!]

And there were more comments of the same. He felt quite awesome when he saw these. However, when he looked at An Xiaoxue’s Weibo, it had already been taken over by the genetic newcomers.

“Why haven’t you accepted the challenge?”

“Are you afraid?”

“Are you afraid of death?”

“You can’t be a coward!”

….

This was a more rational comment. Many keyboard warriors had already started to make personal attacks.

Xu Tui was furious. He hated Haruji for challenging An Xiaoxue. He was also extremely angry at those keyboard warriors . They didn’t even know the truth and only knew how to criticize others!

An Xiaoxue was seriously injured.

It had only been a week since the finger replantation surgery. Even if the recovery speed was fast under the current medical conditions, it was still a limb replantation. The function of the hand could not be completely recovered in a week or two.

Xu Tui’s lungs were about to explode from anger when he saw Haruji’s arrogant reply. He became even angrier when he looked at An Xiaoxue’s Weibo, which had been flooded with comments. He only calmed down after taking a few deep breaths.

He thought about it and called An Xiaoxue.

“You haven’t started cultivating?” This was the first thing An Xiaoxue said after the call was connected, and she sounded like a teacher.

“I’ll start in a while. Teacher, how’s your finger injury?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s alright. I reckon that my finger function will be completely restored in another week,” An Xiaoxue replied.

After a moment of silence, Xu Tui suddenly said, “Miss An, why don’t you post a photo of your finger replantation on Weibo?”

On the other end of the line, An Xiaoxue was stunned. “You know, there’s no need! Aren’t we fighting on Thursday? It’s only Sunday today. Why are you in such a hurry?”

“But the Weibo circle…”

“Xu Tui!” On the video call, An Xiaoxue suddenly became extremely stern. “If you want to go further on the path of genetic evolution, you have to maintain your own views. You have to follow through once you decide on something. Don’t be easily affected by the outside world!

“Remember, facts speak louder than words!”

Xu Tui was silent for a while over the phone.

“I understand, Miss An. Why don’t I fight on behalf of you?” Xu Tui said solemnly.

“There are so many second-year seniors. It’s not your turn! Or do you want to represent me in the battle of Haruji?”

Xu Tui was speechless.