Chapter 127 - The Culprit Who Hurt An Xiaoxue (2)

Chapter 127: The Culprit Who Hurt An Xiaoxue (2)

“Don’t worry about this. If I can accept the challenge, I will naturally accept it. If I can’t accept the challenge, I will naturally make a statement,” An Xiaoxue said.

“If you have time on Thursday, you’d better come and watch the battle. This battle will be a real battle. You can’t miss it,” An Xiaoxue said.

At the same time that Xu Tui agreed, he suddenly thought of a question. He quickly asked, “Miss An, why did Haruji start challenging you in the special Weibo circle even before he came to the capital? Did you know each other before?’ Is there a history between the two of you?”

...

An Xiaoxue’s gaze shifted. She suddenly raised her right hand, which was still injured, and shook it. “You asked me last week, who caused my injury? I didn’t say it then. I can tell you now. It’s this Haruji!

“The Black Crown Queen Bee I killed was deep in a mountain at the border of the India Sector. On the way back after killing the Black Crown Queen Bee and a portion of the Black Crown Bees, I was ambushed by this Haruji.

“He did not have the ability to kill the Black Crown Queen Bee, so he wanted to snatch it, but he did not succeed. He hunted me for six days and I finally escaped! This time, he had come with the exchange team to cause trouble for me!

“The reason why he publicly challenged me in the special Weibo circle was because he knew that I had yet to recover from my injuries. He was clearly humiliating me!” An Xiaoxue said calmly.

“This Haruji is too shameless!”

“However, in the end, we obtained something substantial. Their lineage also uses the secret technique of the Black Crown Queen Bee’s genetic transcriptional fluid. His students all walk the path of mind power!”

“Teacher, I understand! But in the special Weibo circle, his provocation and insults are really…”

“Don’t worry about this. Cultivate well. When you succeed in your cultivation one day, help me kill him!” An Xiaoxue said casually.

“Alright!” Xu Tui agreed without hesitation.

He suddenly felt an inexplicable sense of urgency after he hung up the phone.

“Four more days! I have to work hard. If possible, I want to represent Miss An in the challenge. Even if I can’t defeat that bastard Haruji, I can still defeat his students avenge Miss An!”

Xu Tui was extremely furious when he thought about An Xiaoxue’s injuries.

Fingers were connected to the heart! How painful would it be to lose a finger? What was even more infuriating was that Haruji knew that An Xiaoxue was injured, but he still openly provoked her in the special Weibo circle! He deserves to die!

Xu Tui took several deep breaths. He finally calmed down. He made a list of the things he had to do tonight before he started cultivating.

Every night, he had to cultivate the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique and continue to activate the second level of genetic base points. It was time to activate the sixth genetic base point of the second level tonight.

However, Xu Tui had to try to activate his fundamental dantian before he activated the sixth genetic base point.

Honestly, Xu Tui was very willing to learn genetic ancient martial arts. Even if he did not plan to walk the path of genetic ancient martial arts for a long time, he had to learn it to a certain extent to improve his survivability. If he could be taken in as a personal disciple by Mr. Shen Jiushuang, it would undoubtedly bring Xu Tui a lot of convenience.

Therefore, he had to activate his fundamental dantian within seven days.

During the day, Xu Tui had confirmed through the guidance of Shen Jiushuang that the fundamental dantian only involved two genetic base points.

However, there were a lot of genetic base points in that location, making it difficult to locate. This was a difficult problem for others. For Xu Tui, he could locate those points accurately under the illusory Inner Sight.

According to Mr. Shen, he had to repeatedly stimulate the genetic base points that involved the fundamental dantian to activate these two genetic base points.

However, Xu Tui clearly did not want to do that.

Instead, he drank a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir and entered the illusory introspective state. He used the Mind Concentration Technique to activate the two genetic base points.

Xu Tui highly suspected that the hot inner Qi that his visualization gathered was actually the energy that was spreading from his stomach to his limbs. It was the energy that Xu Tui had obtained after drinking the Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

It was actually another way to use energy.

These energies were useful when he activated the Mystery Branch Genetic Base Points in his head. Then, when he activated the genetic base points in his fundamental dantian, this energy would definitely be useful.

The only doubt he had now was whether the sense of Qi that had condensed in his dantian was also another form of existence of this energy.

Xu Tui had to verify this himself.

With a thought, the energy refined from his stomach quickly gathered at the first genetic base point in his fundamental dantian.

Xu Tui suddenly felt a burning sensation in his dantian.

Under the illusory introspection, the first genetic base point in his fundamental dantian also began to expand and contract.

It worked!

In less than 20 minutes, Xu Tui felt a warmth in his lower abdomen. The first genetic base point related to his fundamental dantian had been successfully activated. He did not even use up a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

Xu Tui continued to activate the second genetic base point in his fundamental dantian.

Due to the increasing consumption of energy when the Genetic Ability Chain was activated, the consumption and time needed for this one was higher than the first one.

An hour later, not long after he drank the third bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir, the second genetic base point in his fundamental dantian was activated. His dantian felt warm and bloated. He felt an inexplicable sense of comfort.

“So it’s activated? Maybe I should ask Murong tomorrow morning?”

He activated his fundamental dantian and began to cultivate the secret technique of the energy field.

Xu Tui was already familiar with this. Not long after, a ball of heat the size of a fingertip gathered in his dantian that he had just activated.

Xu Tui’s consciousness spread out, but the ball of inner Qi did not dissipate. However, it was extremely difficult for him to use his consciousness to try and draw the ball of inner Qi out of his dantian. He exerted a little force and felt an inexplicable pain in his fundamental dantian.

Xu Tui did not dare to try it out recklessly. After he cultivated for a while, he activated the second level of genetic base points.

The night passed uneventfully.

Early the next morning, Xu Tui vaguely sensed that Luo Murong had just woken up. He quickly walked out of his room.

“Murong, how long did it take you to activate your fundamental dantian back then?” Xu Tui asked.

“Me?” Luo Murong smiled and thought for a moment before answering, “I was a genius among geniuses back then. I only used three days to activate it.”

“Three days?” Xu Tui tilted his head. “Three days? Then can you sense if I successfully activated my fundamental dantian last night?”

“Last night? Successful activation? Are you kidding me?”

Luo Murong did not believe him, but he still tapped his finger lightly. He was instantly stunned!