Chapter 136 - Huaxia Tiger And Dragon (1)

Chapter 136: Huaxia Tiger and Dragon (1)

Below the Longhu Overall Rankings, there were seven words that shone brightly!

The Dragon of Huaxia—Li Zhouchen!

These words made Xu Tui instinctively want to curse. He was too arrogant! He was too presumptuous! There are tens of millions of young heroes in the Huaxia Sector and he actually dared to call himself the Dragon of Huaxia.

...

However, Xu Tui soon realized that something was wrong.

The second name on the Longhu Overall Rankings. The Tiger of Huaxia—Zhao Hailong!

Were all the seniors nowadays so arrogant?

“Brother Xu, is this your first time here? Do you think that the Dragon and Tiger of Huaxia are so arrogant?”

Zhuang Ziqiang appeared behind Xu Tui.

“The Dragon of Huaxia and the Tiger of Huaxia are special titles for people who enter the Longhu Overall Rankings of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. If you occupy these two positions for more than three months, you can call yourself the Dragon of Huaxia and the Tiger of Huaxia.

“In the entire Huaxia Sector, the various genetic evolution schools had their own rankings. However, only the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had such an honor! That’s also why only the truly strong can secure these two positions!” Zhuang Ziqiang introduced.

Xu Tui could not help but feel an indescribable desire when he heard the introduction. He wanted it too!!!

“Brother Xu, how is it? Do you want to occupy one of the two spots and stay here? Brother Xu, to be honest, I think that you can do it. One day in the future, you will definitely be ranked on the Longhu Overall Rankings and become Huaxia’s Dragon and Tiger!” Zhuang Ziqiang took the opportunity to flatter Xu Tui.

The flattery sounded nice, but Xu Tui felt that it was fake.

You, Zhuang Ziqiang, have yet to see me fight. How do you know that it’s possible? It was too fake!

However, Xu Tui still liked to listen because it sounded good!

“Brother Xu, the weather is hot. I brought you a bottle of water.”

It had to be said that Zhuang Ziqiang was a very energetic young man. He did not forget to bring water for Xu Tui when he rushed over. He was quite professional.

“Boss Zhuang, I wasn’t pushing you away on the phone. I’m just a little busy today. You’ll know in a while. Don’t worry. I’ll definitely look for you if I want to earn more contribution points from the meal you treated me to,” Xu Tui said directly.

Zhuang Ziqiang was overjoyed when he heard Xu Tui’s words. So he was overthinking things. However, the more this was the case, the more he could not relax with such a big client. He was just waiting to do big businesses, and a beautiful girlfriend.

“Brother Xu, don’t call me boss. I don’t deserve to be called that. In the future, you can call me Little Zhuang or Qiang’zi.” Zhuang Ziqiang took the initiative to get closer to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui stared straight at Zhuang Ziqiang. Zhuang Ziqiang felt his hair stand on end. “Brother Xu, what’s wrong?”

“How old are you?”

“Uh… I’m almost 26 years old.”

“If I call you Little Zhuang, I will be at a disadvantage. I’m only 18. I haven’t reached 19 yet! Old Zhuang! I’ll call you Old Zhuang from now on!”

“No problem, no problem at all.” Zhuang Ziqiang, who had served his big client wholeheartedly, heaved a sigh of relief. As long as he had a business, he would be willing to do anything!

Xu Tui scanned through the names on the Longhu Overall Rankings as they chatted. He did not know most of them. He only knew one of them.

Luo Murong!

Luo Murong, ranked tenth on the Longhu Overall Rankings! At the same time, Luo Murong was also ranked on the Year Three Longhu List.

Year Three Tiger—Luo Murong!

Xu Tui watched. For the first time, he realized that his roommate was very powerful. Not only was he handsome and exquisite, but he was also rich, talented, and powerful. No wonder there were so many fangirls and fans. It would be abnormal if there were no fangirls!

The First Year Longhu List had not been activated yet because it was not time yet.

Xu Tui’s final gaze landed on the second-year Longhu List.

The second-year Dragon, Dai Lijun, was currently not in school. The strongest was the second-year Tiger, Cui Xi! The personal information behind the list was very simple and crude.

Second-year Tiger—Cui Xi, Extreme Academy. It was that simple.

It could be seen that among the top ten of the Year Two Longhu List, eight of them were from the Extreme Academy. There was another one from the Mystery Academy.

However, this situation had changed on the rankings of the Year Three of Longhu List. Among the top ten students on the Longhu List, there were four from the Mystery Academy and six from the Extreme Academy. There were still more students from the Extreme Branch.

However, considering the nearly 10 times difference in the number of students in the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch, it could be seen that the Extreme Branch was indeed strong when school just started.

However, as the number of years of study increased, there would be more experts in the Mystery Branch.

“Eh, someone has already challenged someone in the Year Two Longhu List. Xie Yan, ranked 92nd, challenged the 83rd. He had actually crossed ten rankings. He was really confident. Brother Xu, do you want to take a look?” Zhuang Ziqiang, who specialized in making big clients happy, had transformed into a human-shaped service expert.

“Let’s go and take a look.”

As there were more people gathered here, Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang could only watch the battle from the seats further away.

“Brother Xu, use this to see more clearly.”

Zhuang Ziqiang handed over a normal 64x telescope. This preparation was too thorough.

“Thank you!”

Xu Tui, who had silently accepted the offer, felt that he would not be able to get over it if he did not make a deal with Zhuang Ziqiang. Although it was a normal telescope, it had a wide field of vision. The entire arena could be seen clearly.

Xu Tui’s gaze froze when he saw it clearly.

Silver spear!

A silver spear flew up and down in Xie Yan’s hand. The battle had just begun, but he had already forced the 83rd place on the Longhu List to retreat step by step.