Chapter 138 - Who Can Defeat Me? (1)

Chapter 138: Who Can Defeat Me? (1)

“Brother Xu, if you want to fight a second-year student on the Longhu List, you can’t do it this way. You’re not within the rules of the challenge and are also freshmen. In their opinion, you’re weak. There was no benefit in accepting the challenge other than being their experience bag. If you want them to accept the challenge, you have to give them some benefits.” Seeing that Xu Tui was anxious, the energetic young man Zhuang Ziqiang took the initiative to offer his advice.

“Benefits? Keep talking.” Xu Tui suddenly had an idea after Zhuang Ziqiang reminded him.

“You offer a reward. Money is too common. You can use a Level E Energy Recovery Elixir as a reward. This is the hard currency now. Those who won would be able to obtain Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs. There should be someone going on stage to fight you. However, if you do that, you have to be really confident in your own strength. Otherwise, you’ll become a fortune-giver,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

...

Xu Tui gave Zhuang Ziqiang a thumbs-up and looked down on Chai Xiao. Zhuang Ziqiang’s idea was a hundred times better than Chai Xiao’s.

Of course, Chai Xiao, who was despised by Xu Tui, did not feel that he was being despised at all.

“Is five bottles enough?”

Xu Tui had only brought five bottles of Level E Energy Elixirs with him today. Moreover, this was a huge sum of money to Xu Tui. It was 25,000 yuan. Recently, he has expended a lot of energy in his cultivation. His wallet was almost empty.

“It depends on your target. Five bottles as rewards. Ordinary second-year students will definitely be interested. Some second-year students on the Longhu List will also be interested. However, it’s not very attractive to the experts in the top 30 of the Longhu List,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

Xu Tui frowned when he heard that. If he could not fight his way into the top 30 of the Longhu List, then this battle would be meaningless.

“Brother Xu, do you have to challenge the top 30 of the Longhu List?” Zhuang Ziqiang suddenly asked.

“Of course, one is not enough. I have to fight at least three of them. They must be ranked at the top,” Xu Tui said.

“To attract them, you have to spend a lot of money. The key is that if you lose, you will lose everything. Brother Xu, tell me, what is your strength? What level are you as a Genetic Liberator? If it’s suitable, leave this matter to me. I’ll handle it properly for you,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

“This… I haven’t done a Genetic Liberator Level Assessment yet,” Xu Tui said.

Zhuang Ziqiang was dumbfounded. He was beginning to doubt his own intelligence. This big client of his did not even have the level of a Genetic Liberator. How stupid did he have to be to have the idea of challenging a second-year Longhu List expert?

“Little Zhuang, let me tell you. Your sister-in-law, Sister Chi, and I have been easily defeated by him countless times. Your sister-in-law and I had attacked him together. If he doesn’t hold back, we will definitely be defeated within 10 seconds!” Chai Xiao suddenly said.

“Really? Why is it so…” Zhuang Ziqiang was dumbfounded. No matter how he heard it, it sounded like a myth. It was too f*cking unreal. How mysterious!

Even if you, Chai Xiao, want to brag to your own brother, you can’t brag like that, right? He was not even this good when he tried to flatter himself.

“He’s telling the truth!” Chi Hongying, who had recovered after resting for a while, walked closer to prove it.

“Really?” In Zhuang Ziqiang’s eyes, Chi Hongying was more reliable than Xu Tui and Chai Xiao combined. He believed her immediately.

This made Chai Xiao’s heart ache. Why did no one believe him when he said the same thing? Why did they believe what Chi Hongying said no matter what?

“Brother Xu, if you really have this confidence, then prepare for battle. Leave the rest to me! But let me make this clear first. If you lose, you have to bear all the losses. It has nothing to do with me,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

“No problem.”

“I’ll go and explain the situation to the teacher first. We’ll occupy a sub-stage later. I’ll go prepare something. Give me ten minutes!” After saying that, Zhuang Ziqiang ran away.

There was also a problem with the teacher on duty. It was said that the teacher and the dean had to agree before the new students could fight in the arena. The three-month growth period for new students was not up yet. If they were not strong enough, it was easy for safety problems to occur.

However, Xu Tui had already prepared this proof. He went to the Research Institute Number 14 at noon and asked An Xiaoxue to sign the papers.

Ten minutes passed very quickly. Xu Tui had yet to see Zhuang Ziqiang when a commotion broke out among the second-year students and the students of the various grades who were gathered around the Longhu List.

A two-meter-tall white advertising display rack was placed on the third stage.

It was blank and did not attract much attention. However, the key was that 20 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs had been taped into transparent protective boxes in the middle of the empty advertising display!

Twenty Level E Energy Elixirs instantly attracted the attention of all the students present.

This was definitely a huge sum of money!

All the students in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, regardless of whether they were from the Extreme Branch or the Mystery Branch, faced the same problem as Xu Tui—a lack of money!

Especially the first and second-year students. Even though second-year students could earn money from clearing missions, most of them could only do the lowest level clearing missions. They were still short of money.

Zhuang Ziqiang successfully attracted the attention of everyone present just by selling 20 Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs. Then, under the gazes of many students, Zhuang Ziqiang used a marker to write on the advertisement display board.

“Xu Tui, a first-year student, will challenge a second-year member of the top 100 of the Longhu List with 20 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.”