Chapter 147 - I'Ll Wait For You On The Longhu List (1)

Chapter 147: I’ll Wait for You On The Longhu List (1)

Tao Guan’s alloy bowstring was cut off, and his left hand was injured. He did not need the teacher on duty to judge that he had already lost.

Cui Xi and the other members of the second-year Longhu List immediately rushed onto the arena and gathered in front of Tao Guan.

Tao Guan held his left hand. He was fresh and drenched. His face was pale. Seeing Cui Xi coming over, he said in a trembling voice, “Brother Cui, the tendons on the back of my hand… are all broken!”

...

Cui Xi’s expression changed drastically when he heard this. He only glanced at the injury on Tao Guan’s left hand before he glared at Xu Tui, who had just gotten up.

Zhang Changtai, who was ranked fifth on the second-year Longhu List, was furious. He took two steps forward and ran up to Xu Tui, who had just sat up and was panting heavily, and started cursing.

“Why don’t you have any sense of collective honor? I told you that Tao Guan is very important in the actual combat exchange with the India Sector’s delegation tomorrow. You even severely injured him and injured his hand. How do you expect him to fight tomorrow? If he loses in the battle and embarrasses the school and Huaxia, can you take responsibility?” Zhang Changtai, who was burning with anger, criticized Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was a little confused. He had clearly held back twice. If he had not targeted Tao Guan’s bow at the beginning, Tao Guan’s arm or other parts would have been penetrated by his attack.

Xu Tui wanted to defend himself. However, the sharp pain in his chest caused him to lose his breath. He could not speak for a moment.

“To hell with your collective sense of honor.” Chai Xiao, who had jumped onto the arena a step later, arrived. He directly displayed his strongest combat strength. “Stop using your big hat to pressure people! Were you blind or was there a hole in your brain? Xu Tui had already held back twice in the battle just now. However, Tao Guan’s arrows were lethal. How was that reasonable? You even blame him! Pui!

“If you really have such awareness, why did you go on stage to challenge him? Go back to the dormitory and enter seclusion to wait for the battle. Why are you joining in the fun? Get lost if you can’t afford to lose! You don’t have the ability, yet you’re blaming Xu Tui? Besides, open your eyes and take a look. Did Xu Tui hurt him?

“It was possible for Xu Tui to have slashed Tao Guan with his flying sword just now, but he had cut the bowstring. He was the unlucky one who got hurt, why did you come and scold Xu Tui? Who gave you that intelligence and courage?”

Chai Xiao was really good at insulting people.

Zhang Changtai, who ran over angrily, was rendered speechless.

“Tao Guan, f*cking say it yourself. If Xu Tui wanted to use the Flying Sword to cut you just now. Can you dodge it?” Chai Xiao directly cursed at the injured Tao Guan after he was done with Zhang Changtai.

Tao Guan’s face was pale. His eyes were still filled with fear when he recalled the sword strike just now. If that sword had really killed him, he would not have been able to withstand it, much less dodge it! It was too fast!

Moreover, the alloy bowstring that could easily cut him in half would have no problem piercing through the vital defense of his standard combat armor.

In other words…

Tao Guan’s face turned even paler.

Chai Xiao was displeased. It was obvious, but he did not dare to admit it.

“Tao Guan, are you still a man? It’s obvious, yet you don’t dare to admit it! I think you’ve embarrassed yourself in the arena. There are so many live-stream recordings. Everyone will understand after studying them. Oh, I understand. If you have such awareness, you should have taken the initiative to admit defeat when you were hit by the silver ball just now…”

At the side, Zhuang Ziqiang, who did not dare to interrupt, was dumbfounded. Brother Chai was awesome. Brother Chai’s scolding skill was maxed out!

“Wasn’t Xu Tui also hit by Brother Tao’s arrow?” Zhang Changtai, who had been rendered speechless by the insults, finally found a way to counterattack.

“Look, look at yourself. Although it’s a blunt arrow that hasn’t been sharpened, its power has been greatly reduced after Xu Tui blocked it. He did not even tear Xu Tui’s combat armor. If it could really cause effective damage, did you think the three teachers on duty in the arena were just decorations? You’re not the ones bullying others…”

“Enough, Chai Xiao! Changtai, come back too!” Cui Xi shouted and interrupted Chai Xiao.

“What are you doing? Others might be afraid of you, but I’m not.” Chai Xiao puffed out his chest and shouted, “This is an obvious matter. Why can’t I talk about it? Before the battle, all of you were dishonest and did not allow Xu Tui to use his full strength. This fellow was shameless during the battle and did not realize it.

“How dare he blame Xu Tui after the battle! Where are your faces? Did you all wash your faces off in the washbasin this morning?” Chai Xiao’s scolding skill was definitely MAX+9999!

Xu Tui, who had just been able to catch his breath, felt extremely comfortable when he heard that. It was extremely satisfying.

Cui Xi would definitely not be able to do much in a curse battle. However, he was not bad in all aspects to be able to become a second-year Tiger with prestige.

“Changtai, bring Tao Guan to treat his injuries first. Go directly to the medical center and undergo the most precise tendon reconnection surgery to prevent it from having any impact in the future,” Cui Xi said.

“Alright!”

After responding, Zhang Changtai glared at Chai Xiao and Xu Tui. Chai Xiao glared at them and took a step toward Zhang Changtai. He looked as if he would like to see if they dared to glare at him again.

Zhang Changtai was terrified. It did not feel good to be scolded by Chai Xiao. Moreover, he also realized that they were not in the right. Previously, all their thoughts were based on the big picture.

Soon, Zhang Changtai and the others left with Tao Guan.