Chapter 143 - The Arrogant Junior Is Still Your Arrogant Junior (2)

Chapter 143: The Arrogant Junior Is Still Your Arrogant Junior (2)

“Eh, Old Wei, what brings you here?” Wen Xinglun stood up with a smile and invited Wei Dajiang to sit down.

“Of course I came because of something. Principal, have you gotten the list of candidates for the actual combat exchange with India Sector tomorrow?” Wei Dajiang smiled.

“I’ve already been informed that the preliminary candidates have been decided and reported to the Academic Affairs Office. The Academic Affairs Office will only report to me after the final selection and fine-tuning with the experts from the Extreme Branch Institute and the Mystery Branch Institute. You’ll have a copy later, right? Why? Do you have any ideas?” Wen Xinglun personally brewed a cup of tea for Wei Dajiang.

...

“I don’t have any ideas. I have a video and a live broadcast. I want you to take a look,” Wei Dajiang said.

Wen Xinglun glanced at Wei Dajiang and slowly said with a smile, “The thing that you recommended must be something good. I must see it. Come.”

Wei Dajiang did not say anything else. He got up and operated his personal communication device to start projecting.

On the four screens, the first screen was the live broadcast of the Longhu List’s combat arena. Even if there were no student live broadcasts, the school had live broadcast cameras.

At this moment, Xu Tui and Miao Huanshan had just stood still and were preparing to fight. The other three screens showed the combat videos of Xu Tui, Wang Qiu, and the other students who were ranked high on the Longhu List.

The videos were not long. They were all very short. They were quickly played.

“Eh, Old Wei, this seedling is not bad. He’s your student? There hasn’t been such a seedling in the second year. He must have been well-prepared.”

Wei Dajiang looked regretful. “If I had such a student, I would have no regrets in my life!”

Wen Xinglun immediately revealed a strange expression.

“This is An Xiaoxue’s specially recruited student. He’s only a freshman.”

After saying that, Wei Dajiang ignored Wen Xinglun’s surprised expression and continued, “Haruji knew that Xiaoxue was seriously injured and had yet to recover, but he did not challenge her through the official channels of the higher-ups. Instead, he publicly challenged An Xiaoxue through the special Weibo circle. He tried his best to take the opportunity to insult An Xiaoxue.

“Xiaoxue’s student could not stand it and came to beg me. He said that he wanted to fight against Haruji’s students and vent his anger on behalf of Xiaoxue. I set some requirements for him. He had to have a record of consecutively defeating the top 30 students on the Longhu List.

“It looks like he’s about to do it. I came to show you and listen to your opinions and arrangements,” Wei Dajiang said.

“He has the ability to directly attack with his mind power?” Wen Xinglun immediately saw the key.

“This kid should be quite lucky. The genetic transcriptional fluid of the Black Crown Queen Bee is what the Research Institute Number 14 is best at,” Wei Dajiang said.

“Let’s take a look. After all, he’s only a freshman. He hasn’t even been in school for three months. Let’s see if he has any combat awareness in the subsequent battles. The actual combat exchange tomorrow is different from ordinary battles. Such a good seedling might be accidentally destroyed!” Wen Xinglun said.

Wei Dajiang nodded and sat beside Wen Xinglun to watch the live broadcast.

Xu Tui and Miao Huanshan, who were in the arena of the Longhu List, did not know that their duel had been watched remotely by Wen Xinglun, the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“Get ready!”

“Start!”

The moment the battle began, the three silver pills flew towards Miao Huanshan. At the same time, Miao Huanshan strode forward and waved his hands.

A spike suddenly rose from the ground at Xu Tui’s feet. His eyes moved slightly. As expected, Miao Huanshan had been holding back when he displayed his skills just now. At this moment, Miao Huanshan’s attack range was almost eight meters.

However, the moment the spikes rose, Xu Tui began to move continuously with light footsteps. It was as if it was a coincidence that he managed to avoid Miao Huanshan’s spikes half a second earlier. More than a dozen earth spikes missed their target.

Miao Huanshan’s gaze darkened. Xu Tui was stronger than he had expected. He should have a very strong mental perception ability. This opponent was very strong!

Miao Huanshan’s continuous attacks only paused for a moment before Xu Tui seized the opportunity. The three Alloy Silver Pills flew toward Miao Huanshan.

Miao Huanshan did not panic at all. A huge rock shield materialized in front of him, protecting the area in front of Xu Tui. As long as the curved shield moved slightly, it could protect most of his body and block Xu Tui’s dancing Alloy Silver Pills.

Occasionally, the Alloy Silver Pills would turn around and attack him from behind. Miao Huanshan would either quickly move his rock shield or the earth hammer floating above his head would fly out and blast Xu Tui’s Alloy Silver Pills away.

The two of them fought for three minutes, but there was still no winner.

Miao Huanshan’s expression was a little grave, but Xu Tui felt more and more confident as he fought. Only such an opponent could hone his strength. It was the best experience bag!

Xu Tui felt that his improvement in this battle was greater than the total improvement he had obtained in the previous twelve battles. Suddenly, he sensed a strange movement in the ground beneath his feet. It was quite large. He wondered what earth-type superpower it was.

Xu Tui exerted force under his feet and suddenly jumped away from the ground as fast as he could. The moment he ran away, the ground that was about two meters by two meters suddenly turned into quicksand.

He could even sense it in advance and avoid it? While Miao Huanshan was shocked, Xu Tui was shocked too. Fortunately, his mental senses could detect abnormalities. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have been trapped by the quicksand of Miao Huanshan and knocked out with the Earth Hammer.

That was if Miao Huanshan showed mercy and did not use the Earth Spike.

Xu Tui’s Alloy Silver Pill took advantage of this gap and drew a huge circle. The sound of the air being torn apart was extremely shrill. It accelerated to the limit!

Xu Tui was prepared to break through Miao Huanshan’s shield and attack forcefully!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The three Alloy Silver Pills howled as they slammed into Miao Huanshan’s rock shield at high speed. The rock shield instantly cracked inch by inch. Seeing that it was about to shatter, Miao Huanshan suddenly roared.

“Get up!”

With a loud roar, the shattered rock shield reformed. A large number of earth-type superpowers surged out of Miao Huanshan’s body. In an instant, he used the rock shield to wrap up the three Alloy Silver Pills that Xu Tui had thrown into the rock shield layer by layer. It directly caused the silver ball to lose its speed and sink into it.

Below the stage, the second-year students cheered when they saw this scene! Everyone knew that Xu Tui, who had lost the Alloy Silver Pill, was like a tiger that had lost its claws. He was no longer a threat.

Miao Huanshan was about to win!

At this moment, it was no longer important for Miao Huanshan to obtain the rewards. In the eyes of the second-year students, it was Miao Huanshan who had beaten up this arrogant junior, proving one thing.

Senior is still your senior! His arrogant junior would eventually be defeated!

Tao Guan, who had already registered with the teacher, had disappointment in his eyes. He did not expect that Xu Tui would be defeated by Miao Huanshan first.

However, just as the second-year students were cheering, Xu Tui took a step forward and quickly closed the distance between him and Miao Huanshan to five meters. Then, he whipped Miao Huanshan with his mind power.

Miao Huanshan frowned, a look of pain appearing on his face. His body swayed uncontrollably. Even the shield that had trapped the three Alloy Silver Pills seemed to be loosening.

However, the impact was only momentary.

Miao Huanshan, whose mind power was not weak either, managed to withstand Xu Tui’s mental whip and did not fall to the ground. The earth shields that were about to disperse were also reinforced and condensed by him.

However, in the next moment, Miao Huanshan’s expression suddenly froze.

The other Alloy Silver Pill had already flown out from Xu Tui’s body. It let out a sharp cry and stopped at Miao Huanshan’s throat.

Since the three Alloy Silver Pills were trapped, Xu Tui decided to give up and cut off the mental connection.

Miao Huanshan’s expression froze!

“I… lost. Thank you!” Miao Huanshan’s tone was filled with helplessness!

Below the stage of the Longhu List, the second-year students were collectively speechless!

What the f*ck… He won again!

At the registration area, Tao Guan was in a daze for a moment before he said to the teacher, “Teacher, I’ll go next!”