Chapter 142 - The Arrogant Junior Is Still Your Arrogant Junior (1)

Chapter 142: The Arrogant Junior Is Still Your Arrogant Junior (1)

“Actually, if it weren’t for the fact that the actual combat with the India Sector’s exchange and visitation team tomorrow is very important, we should all fight this kid.

His silver pill attack was not rare. It was just strange and fast. His mind power should be very powerful. It even surpassed the average second-year students from the Mystery Branch.

“However, the mind power that he used to defeat Wang Qiu was very rare. If there’s a chance, we should all experience it. It should be very helpful to us,” the second-year Tiger, Cui Xi, said.

...

Suddenly, the second-year Tiger, Cui Xi, sighed. “It’s a pity. If this kid had appeared ten days earlier, I would have used whatever means to let him attack me with his mind power. So that my mind can withstand mental attacks to a certain extent. In that case, we will have a greater chance of dealing with Azhari.”

“Brother Cui, what about me?” Tao Guan, who had volunteered to fight, frowned.

“Go and fight. We can’t let this freshman kid look down on us. He’ll think that we have no heroes in our second year. If you happened to restrain him, there would be no problem in winning. There’s no need for the rest of you to go. The actual combat tomorrow is more important. We don’t want our minds to be affected,” said Cui Xi, the second-year Tiger.

Cui Xi, the second-year Tiger, had an extremely strong influence and prestige among these students.

Tao Guan nodded. He took out a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir and went to register with his teacher.

However, this delay was still a little late. Another person signed up, handed over a bottle of Level E Energy Elixir, and stood on the stage.

This person was none other than Miao Huanshan, the earth-element superb individual who was ranked 16th on the Year Two Longhu List.

Chai Xiao instantly became excited when he saw Miao Huanshan.

“Hongying, quickly look. Miao Huanshan has challenged our friend. Watch carefully. He’ll avenge you and beat him up!” Chai Xiao waved his fist.

“It would be great if you could beat up Miao Huanshan!”

Chi Hongying’s words almost choked Chai Xiao to death. He had been implicated again. “This… I still need some time.”

“Don’t be too optimistic. Although your brother is very strong, this Mystery Branch earth-element superb individual, Miao Huanshan, is really strong. He even vaguely restrained your brother. If he’s not careful, he won’t be able to keep his remaining assets,” Chi Hongying said.

This time, Chai Xiao did not joke around. Instead, he looked at the sub-arena. Because what Chi Hongying said was true!

Xu Tui had just picked up the alloy silver pill that had been split in half by Wang Qiu when the earth-element superb individual from the Year Two Mystery Branch went on stage. He had a pained expression on his face.

There were a few times when Xu Tui wanted to ask Wang Qiu to compensate him with an Alloy Silver Pill.

This loss was too great! One Alloy Silver Pill costs two merit points, and 10,000 yuan in cash. Now, it was directly split into two.

Xu Tui would have been shameless if he had not seen the 33 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir on the stage.

“I wonder if this thing that was split in half can be repaired?”

Miao Huanshan was a little puzzled. He had already gone on stage. What was Xu Tui doing when he saw the broken thing?

“Xu Tui, are you ready? If you are, shall we begin?” Miao Huanshan urged.

“Uh… I’m ready.” Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that it was Miao Huanshan, the earth-element superb individual who had knocked Chi Hongying out.

Xu Tui felt a little nervous when he saw the senior holding a sword. If the Alloy Silver Pill was shattered again, the loss would be too great.

Xu Tui was a little excited when he thought about how Miao Huanshan was an earth-element superb individual from the Mystery Branch. He immediately thought of the earth-element superb individual from the extremely powerful traitor organization on the way to school.

It was hard to say if he would encounter the earth-element superb individual from the traitor organization in the future, but he had to have a good fight with the person in front of him.

Miao Huanshan, who was in front of him, was not wearing body-part armor. Instead, he was wearing a full set of standard combat armor. It was a little cumbersome, but its defense was definitely top-notch. The defense of the combat armor had been strengthened.

“Xu Tui, before we start the battle, I have something to remind you. Longhu Arena might look like it was made of alloy from the outside, but it is actually made of rock. It is also for the convenience of our Mystery Branch.”

“Rock? What do you mean?” Xu Tui was a little confused.

“Look, just like this.”

As he spoke, Miao Huanshan raised his hand. Xu Tui’s eyes suddenly changed. Five meters in front of him, an earth spike that was nearly two meters long rose up without warning and pierced into the sky.

Below the stage, the legs of all the students who had fought with Miao Huanshan tightened. Damn it, who could withstand such a blow?

At that time, the Lone Testicle Warriors and the Remaining Spear Rangers were all lucky. It would be truly tragic if they were directly skewered like a large-sized meat skewer and had their intestines burst open as dipping sauce!

However, Xu Tui could tell many things from Miao Huanshan’s demonstration.

When Miao Huanshan attacked just now, Xu Tui could sense it through his mental senses. He directly sensed the abnormal fluctuations underground.

In other words, he still had a chance to dodge. However, the range of Miao Huanshan’s Earth Spike was five meters.

Five meters shouldn’t be his limit, right?

But no matter what, Miao Huanshan’s reminder before the battle was very sincere.

Just as Xu Tui and Miao Huanshan were about to go to battle, the vice-principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Wei Dajiang, knocked on Wen Xinglun’s door.