Chapter 149 - : Silver Sword Boy

Chapter 149: Silver Sword Boy

“Three minor fractures. Heavily injured soft tissue. Bleeding. Moderate muscle contusion, severe damage to a small area of the epidermis.”

The doctor in the medical room not far from the Longhu Arena was very professional in the treatment of such injuries. He quickly gave his opinion.

“There’s no need to inject the bone-stimulating needle. I’ll prescribe two circulation-stimulating pills. One today, one tomorrow. Other than a slight fracture the day after tomorrow, everything else will be fine. Your bone fracture might take three to five days to recover. Just pay attention not to have any more injuries in the next few days.”

...

Xu Tui received Wei Dajiang’s reply when he walked out of the medical room.

“Alright, report to the first floor of the combat training building at 8 a.m. tomorrow.”

“Yay!” Xu Tui waved his fist excitedly. He could not help but feel a little hurt.

“Brother Chai, Sister-in-law, Old Zhuang, I’ve won a huge victory today. Logically speaking, I should treat you guys to a meal. However, I still have a lot of things to do. I have to participate in the actual combat exchange with India Sector tomorrow. I also need to replace my silver pills. I’ll treat all of you to a meal on Sunday,” Xu Tui said.

“You said it! I’ll be waiting.” Chai Xiao was very happy when he heard that Xu Tui wanted to treat him to a meal.

“Yes, no problem. You still owe me two meals anyway. I’ll treat you and you’ll pay the bill!”

“F*ck…” Chai Xiao’s teeth hurt when he heard that. He wanted to beat Xu Tui up.

“Brother Xu, this is the Level E Energy Restoration Elixir that I obtained from the arena today, including the registration fee. A total of 34 bottles. 20 bottles of capital and 14 bottles of registration fees. Among the capital, five bottles were from you, Brother Xu. The other 15 bottles were given by me at the last minute. I’ll take the capital back. Brother Xu, this is yours.”

As he spoke, Zhuang Ziqiang handed a total of 19 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui glanced at Zhuang Ziqiang and took the potions. He then split the 14 Level E Energy Restoration Potions he had earned into two portions.

“Thank you for your help today. Otherwise, not only would I not be able to achieve my goal, but I would also not have been able to earn these benefits. You can have the other half.” After saying that, Xu Tui said to Chai Xiao, who was glaring at him, “Brother Chai, you’re a tycoon. You don’t have a share.”

“Don’t be like that. I need it too. You should at least give me some.” Chai Xiao had a look of disdain.

“Go away. You should be content.” Xu Tui glanced at Chi Hongying. Chai Xiao immediately laughed. “Hey, I was just joking. I’m waiting for you to treat me to a meal. Remember, you’re treating. You have to pay!”

Zhuang Ziqiang did not accept the seven bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir that Xu Tui handed over. Instead, he pushed them back. “Brother Xu, this is against the rules! I’m helping as a friend today, so I can’t accept it. If I accepted it, it meant that Brother Xu did not treat me as a friend. Besides, I only moved my lips.” Zhuang Ziqiang firmly refused.

“That’s a separate matter. We’re still friends, but you have to accept the benefits,” Xu Tui insisted.

“No, I can’t accept this. If I accept this today, how can I be friends with Brother Xu in the future?”

“Brother Xu, see. We can be considered friends today. We have a long time in the future. You just have to take care of my business,” Zhuang Ziqiang insisted.

Xu Tui was about to say something when Chai Xiao suddenly spoke. “Don’t be so wishy-washy. Let’s do as Little Zhuang says. This time, you guys have completely gotten to know each other and become friends. Brother, you just have to take care of his business in the future. Of course, I still have to thank Little Zhuang. Treat him to a big meal this weekend. Remember to bring me along! I have to fill my stomach.”

“You sound like you eat a lot. You can’t even finish half the table?” Chi Hongying’s words made Chai Xiao choke.

“I’ll step in and invite Brother Cheng Mo over, alright?”

“That’s your brother Silver Sword’s best friend. Is there a need for you?”

Chai Xiao was speechless.

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard that. Chi Hongying’s way of addressing him had changed again. It was Brother Silver Sword. It was quite eye-catching.

However, Xu Tui’s expression changed after he read it.

“Sister-in-law, this is a flying sword, not a silver sword,” Xu Tui quickly emphasized.

“Isn’t a silver flying sword a silver sword?” Chi Hongying was puzzled.

“Hahahaha!”

Chai Xiao, who had regained his senses, laughed out loud. “Brother Silver Sword, Xu Tui, I feel much better now!”

…

In the end, this matter was done according to Chai Xiao’s instructions. Zhuang Ziqiang did not take anything and agreed to spend the weekend with Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was not a pedantic person, so he did not insist. In this matter, both parties had their reasons. Since Zhuang Ziqiang was so sensible, Xu Tui would not let him down in the future.

After separating from the three of them, Xu Tui got himself an environmental bicycle. He endured the pain in his chest and rushed to the Genetic Armament Center. He had to prepare his weapons and equipment for the actual battle tomorrow.

As for the video of Brother Silver Sword and Brother Flying Sword in the school, it had already gone viral.

Xu Tui wanted to take the initiative to spread cool nicknames like Flying Sword Warrior, Flying Sword Immortal, and Little Sword Immortal.

However, Xu Tui’s influence in the school was not enough.

On the other hand, the title of Brother Silver Sword was the most popular.

…

“Teacher, can you see if my Alloy Silver Pill can still be repaired after it’s damaged?” Xu Tui took the initiative to take out the remains of the Alloy Silver Pill that Wang Qiu had split into two.

“There will definitely be a slight loss in weight and the strength will have changed. Repairing it won’t work,” the teacher said.

“It can’t be repaired?”

Xu Tui could not help but feel his heart ache. Wang Qiu was too ruthless. His 10,000 dollars and two merit points disappeared just like that.

It was simply…

However, the teacher’s next words made Xu Tui overjoyed.

“However, this Alloy Silver Pill is mainly made of tungsten alloy. The processing cost isn’t too expensive. We recycled your scrapped materials. The normal recovery price is 8,000 yuan per gram. Of course, it will only be counted as the value of the cash when it is recycled, not the contribution points,” the teacher said.

“That’s great.” Xu Tui, who was overjoyed, quickly handed it over.

The work teacher weighed it. “The original weight is five grams, and the material is worth 40,000 dollars. However, the weight is only 4.92 grams. We lost 80 milligrams, so the recovery price should be 39,200 dollars.”

Although he had lost more than 10,000 dollars and spent two merit points on the price, most of it had returned. It was not as if all of it had disappeared. Xu Tui was still very happy.

“Do you want to get new silver alloy pills?”

“Yes.”

“Is it still five grams? How many do you want?”

“Let me take a look.”

Xu Tui first checked his personal account. He only took a glance before he smiled bitterly. There was still the last 70,000 yuan.

From today’s battle, if he encountered a very strong opponent like Miao Huanshan, the five Alloy Silver Pills might not be enough. Considering this, it was best to prepare ten of these Alloy Silver Pills.

However, the problem was that an Alloy Silver Pill required 10 merit points and 50,000 cash. At the moment, he needed at least 300,000 yuan to get another six pills. He did not have enough money. He was still far from enough.

There was another problem. Xu Tui had only realized that his mind power had grown a little too quickly during the battle today. Perhaps it was because he did not have any experience back then and did not consider it properly, the weight he chose was not suitable.

The silver pill was still a little too light. The power was slightly weaker. Six grams was the most suitable. There was no pressure to activate it. If his mind power increased slightly, seven grams would be the most suitable.

However, a new seven-gram pill would cost 70,000 yuan. If he were to replace the previous one, the cost would be even higher.

He could not afford it.

The teacher suddenly laughed when he saw Xu Tui’s hesitation. “Why? Are you short of money? Do you not have enough money?”

Xu Tui nodded. “It’s a little expensive. I’m out of money. Let’s buy two 5-gram pills first.”

He had more than 70,000 yuan in his hands. He could get 39,200 yuan back. If he bought two 5-gram pills, Xu Tui would only have 10,000 yuan left. The number of Alloy Silver Pills in his hand had increased from five to six. It could be considered an additional guarantee.

Fortunately, he had helped Xu Tui win 14 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs in today’s competition. He could use them for his cultivation. Together with the two bottles he originally had, he could last another three to four days.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would have no cultivation resources.

He had already decided that he would have to earn money after tomorrow. Whether it was to earn contribution points or other things, he had to get money. He could not stop cultivating at this stage.

“You’re a student. It’s normal for you to lack money. However, the school’s benefits are still very good. If there’s a shortage, you can apply for a low-interest loan,” the teacher suddenly said.

“A low-interest loan?”

Xu Tui was stunned. This was the first time he had noticed this.

“Don’t you know? Many students are using it, including year twos and year threes who are taking out loans to buy Repulsion Hover Skates or even Repulsion Flying Cars. In this aspect, as students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the benefits are extremely good.”

When he heard this, Xu Tui’s first reaction was to wonder if Luo Murong had taken out a loan for the repulsive force flying car.

However, Xu Tui was immediately tempted. Since he had a low-interest loan, he would use it first. He would return it slowly in a few days.

“Teacher, how do I get this low-interest loan?”

“Your personal communication device is directly logged into our school’s student cultivation support program. The various requirements are written very clearly on it, and they are all instant payments,” the work teacher said.

Xu Tui quickly checked.

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s student support program was a comprehensive and systematic support program. The loan quota for each student was related to the student’s admission status, personal strength, and rights.

For example, the amount of money would increase by 50,000 for every level up from Level E of a Genetic Liberator .

Xu Tui felt a little regretful. He had never evaluated the levels of the Genetic Liberators. This also caused his loan quota to not be high. Only 600,000. He had gotten 500,000 yuan of the loan due to his low-grade Level D rights. The interest rate was really low.

For those with mid-grade Level E rights and below, the annual rate was 3%. For those with high-grade Level E rights, the annual rate was 2.9%. For those with low-grade Level D rights, the annual rate was 2.8%.

The deadline was one year!

Xu Tui made his decision after three minutes of consideration. He decided to take the loan. Could he not earn 600,000 a year later? He had more than 600,000 contribution points in his personal account, right?

He would use it first and prepare for tomorrow’s battle.

Just as the teacher in front of him had said, it was given instantly!

Xu Tui had only submitted his application, and thirty seconds later, 600,000 yuan was in his account.

“Teacher, six seven-gram alloy silver pills.”

Xu Tui felt that he would be able to activate the seventh genetic base point of the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique tonight. His mind power would also increase by about 5%. He directly switched to using seven grams.

“Six seven-gram pills. Each pill costs 14 contribution points. 70,000 in cash. Six pills comes up to a total of 84 merit points and 420,000 in cash,” said the teacher.

Xu Tui paid the bill and quickly left with the Alloy Silver Pills. More than half of the 600,000 yuan that he had just obtained was spent in an instant. Including the money from before, he had less than 300,000 yuan left.

However, what caught Xu Tui’s attention this time was the contribution points.

In the past, Xu Tui felt that 1,000 contribution points was quite a lot. He could spend it for a long time. However, 84 merit points disappeared after he bought six seven-gram alloy silver pills today. He suddenly felt that his contribution points were not enough.

However, it was still worth it.

With this ample preparation, Xu Tui had more confidence in the actual combat exchange tomorrow.

“I have to tell Miss An the good news.”