Chapter 145 - Flying Sword Appears (2)

Chapter 145: Flying Sword Appears (2)

Because of Tao Guan’s appearance, more and more students gathered. It also caused an even greater sensation on the campus. Many students had already started their live commentary.

The entire Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s freshman circle was in an uproar!

F*ck, they were still doing their best to prepare for a month to fight for the rankings. But what about Xu Tui? He had already charged all the way to the 16th place on the Year Two Longhu List and was now challenging the 7th place.

...

Xu Tui was not on the list because he was a new student. However, he had already displayed his strength!

Many geniuses among the freshmen were already wailing. Was the difference between people really that big?

Fifteen minutes passed quickly.

The moment Xu Tui opened his eyes and stood up, the students who were gathered around the Longhu Arena also moved.

“Brother, be careful. Tao Guan is known as the nemesis of the Mystery Branch. Moreover, because he’s a long-range archer, there are quite a few people who are injured when they fight with him. You have to be careful,” Chai Xiao, who had squeezed in, said with concern.

“Yes, I understand.” Xu Tui nodded and slowly walked toward the standard combat position.

Just as they were about to fight, a path suddenly appeared among the students.

The second-year Tiger, Cui Xi, brought the top ten seniors of the second-year Longhu List to the bottom of the main ring.

“Try your best to hold back in this battle. Tao Guan, change to a blunt arrow,” Cui Xi suddenly said.

Tao Guan glanced at Xu Tui and then at Cui Xi. He nodded and silently took a small bag from his friend. He used a blunt arrowhead to replace the alloy arrowhead that had been sharpened.

“Xu Tui, I can tell that you are still holding back. I don’t care what you are holding back. You have to try your best to stop in time in this battle. You can’t let Tao Guan get injured. Tao Guan’s position in the actual combat exchange tomorrow is very important!”

“Brother Cui, I’m confident!” Tao Guan was very dissatisfied with Cui Xi’s special reminder to Xu Tui.

“Just in case.” After he finished speaking, Cui Xi stared at Xu Tui and waited for his answer.

“I’ll try my best!” Xu Tui answered.

Chai Xiao’s voice suddenly rang out. “Long-range bows and arrows are the nemesis of the Mystery Branch. You even asked him to hold back in order to avoid hurting anyone. You might as well make Xu Tui admit defeat.”

Cui Xi glared at him. Chai Xiao glared back at him without backing down.

Cui Xi seemed to have considered something and explained, “I’ve already asked Tao Guan to change the blunt arrowhead.”

“Hmph, what’s the difference between using the big picture to pressure others? One can use his full strength, while the other has to hold back!” Chai Xiao was extremely indignant.

“Brother Cui.” Tao Guan was also a little anxious.

Cui Xi shook his head slightly. “I’m done talking. Just do it accordingly.”

“Brother Chai, don’t worry!” Chai Xiao wanted to say something, but Xu Tui stopped him.

At this moment, the three teachers on duty arrived.

“Get ready!”

“Start!”

The moment the battle began, Tao Guan dashed out like a leopard. However, he did not dash out of Xu Tui. Instead, he dashed toward the edge of the arena. As he darted out, he drew his bow and nocked an arrow.

Whoosh!

An arrow shot toward Xu Tui like a bolt of lightning.

Xu Tui was shocked. The arrows brought with them a stream of light. This speed definitely exceeded the speed of bullets from firearms.

Fortunately, there was a distance between them. Xu Tui’s reaction speed had already exceeded 10 milliseconds. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have been able to receive the first arrow.

At this moment, Xu Tui had fully activated his mental perception. The range of his high-definition mental perception was almost seven meters. The range of his blurry mental perception was twice that of his high-definition mental perception. It was close to 14 meters!

As long as Tao Guan’s arrow was within 14 meters of Xu Tui, he could roughly determine the trajectory of the arrow and dodge it in advance.

The trajectory of the arrow became extremely clear within a seven-meter radius.

Coupled with Xu Tui’s current reaction speed that exceeded 10 milliseconds, Xu Tui easily dodged the first arrow. Of course, his attention did not leave the arrow. He was afraid that the arrow would turn a corner.

Tao Guan found the most suitable distance between him and Xu Tui after he shot out an arrow.

Twenty meters!

Tao Guan’s arrows were extremely lethal at a distance of 20 meters, but Xu Tui’s Alloy Silver Pill had a maximum range of 14 meters. Beyond this distance, the accuracy and flexibility of the Alloy Silver Pill would be greatly reduced.

Other than the Alloy Silver Pills with the mental chain, it was very difficult to retrieve the other Alloy Silver Pills beyond this distance. It required inertia.

From this, it could be seen how shrewd Tao Guan was. All of Xu Tui’s attacks were instantly crippled. There was definitely a distance limit to the mental whip. So did the silver pills.

The moment the battle started, Xu Tui became Tao Guan’s target.

Tao Guan, who was slowly moving his feet to maintain a distance from Xu Tui, placed his fingers on his quiver at lightning speed. The sound of air being torn apart instantly rang out.

He rapidly fired the arrows! Continuously shooting the arrows!

Whoosh!

A sharp whistle tore through the air. Xu Tui’s Alloy Silver Pill, which had a mental chain, unexpectedly crossed a distance of 20 meters and shot toward Tao Guan at high speed. This move was beyond everyone’s expectations.

Neither Tao Guan nor Cui Xi had expected Xu Tui’s Alloy Silver Pill to have such a long range. It could actually reach a distance of twenty meters!

Under the constant acceleration of his mind power, silver light trailed behind him.