Chapter 146 - Flying Sword Appears (3)

Chapter 146: Flying Sword Appears (3)

The Alloy Silver Pill struck the alloy bow in Tao Guan’s hand at high speed. Not only did it interrupt Tao Guan’s rapid firing, but a small pit was also formed on the surface of the alloy bow.

The alloy bow trembled! The Alloy Silver Pill was sent flying.

Xu Tui was still affected by Cui Xi, so he did not attack Tao Guan’s vital points. Instead, he targeted the alloy bow.

...

At the same time, three consecutive arrows landed in front of Xu Tui.

Xu Tui managed to dodge two of the arrows with the least amount of movement due to his powerful mental perception and reaction speed. The last arrow was currently on his chest. There was no time to avoid it.

Xu Tui activated his mind power. He crossed his arms and activated the invisible mental shield.

“Be careful!” Chai Xiao exclaimed below the stage.

Xu Tui’s two mental shields shattered on the spot. His mind trembled slightly. The arrow with a blunt arrowhead slammed into his chest. Pain shot through his chest.

Xu Tui had to take three steps back before he could stabilize himself. It hurt. He felt that blunt arrows were more lethal than alloy arrows. His mental perception and reaction speed were so fast that even if he could not avoid it, he could still decide which part of his body would be hit. After the power of the mental shield was reduced, the remaining power of the arrow would definitely not be able to break through the defense of the body-part armor.

Almost at the same time, Tao Guan’s rapid shots shot toward Xu Tui.

At this speed, Xu Tui would probably vomit blood and admit defeat after a few arrows. But he was not afraid at all.

Silver pills flew out one after another at high speed. Even though Tao Guan was already on guard, one of the remaining three silver pills hit Tao Guan’s alloy bow.

The alloy bow trembled again! However, Tao Guan still had no intention of stopping and admitting defeat. The alloy bow shot even faster!

“F*ck, can you be any more shameless?” Below the stage, Chai Xiao was already cursing!

“Xu Tui was also hit by an arrow. Didn’t he not admit defeat?” Someone beside Cui Xi defended himself when he saw Chai Xiao scolding him.

“How can that be the same? If Xu Tui had not been influenced by you, Cui Xi, and did not attack Tao Guan personally, and had targeted the bow instead, Tao Guan would have crawled away a long time ago,” Chai Xiao scolded.

Cui Xi said nothing.

On the stage, Tao Guan continued to shoot. Xu Tui, who had used up all his silver pills, instantly focused his gaze.

Whoosh!

A silver light suddenly flew out from Xu Tui’s chest. This silver light was extremely fast! It was much faster than the Alloy Silver Pills from before!

Buzz!

Silver light flashed past the string of the ceramic crown alloy bow. A strange trembling and explosive sound rang out at the same time.

The bowstring was cut off!

Tao Guan’s rapid shooting could no longer continue. At the same time, Xu Tui was knocked to the ground by a blunt arrow that had once again destroyed his mental shield. He was in so much pain that he felt like he was suffocating.

However, at the same time, Tao Guan suddenly hugged his palm and screamed.

Cui Xi and the others’ expressions changed drastically. The moment they looked over, they saw a deep wound on the back of Tao Guan’s left palm. Blood was gushing out.

The broken bowstring caused a wound in his hand! Tao Guan’s left hand was injured by the broken bowstring! From the looks of it, his injuries were not light!

Seeing this scene, Cui Xi and the others reacted.

Due to Tao Guan’s rapid shots, the bowstring had been in a state of high tension the entire time. Then, it was suddenly severed by Xu Tui’s flying sword. The broken bowstring instinctively jerked at high speed.

However, Tao Guan was a little unlucky. One of the broken bow strings had coincidentally struck the back of his left hand.

Almost at the same time, the silver light that had cut off the bowstring slowed down and stopped above Xu Tui’s head, the spectating students instantly let out a tsunami-like cry.

“Flying sword!”

“F*ck, is this the legendary flying sword?”

“Oh my god, he even has a flying sword!”

….

Around the arena, the students who were watching the live broadcast instantly erupted!