Chapter 148 - I'Ll Wait For You On The Longhu List (2)

Chapter 148: I’ll Wait for You On The Longhu List (2)

“How are your injuries?” Cui Xi took the initiative to ask Xu Tui.

“It shouldn’t be serious. My chest hurts. At most, my ribs are fractured.”

Xu Tui had used his introspection just now to check. There were indeed slight fractures in a few of his ribs. The places that were hit by the arrows were extremely normal.

...

“You’re even stronger than I thought. You’re only a freshman. You’re quite strong.” Cui Xi looked at Xu Tui and said, “I want to fight you too! However, not today.”

As soon as he said that, Chai Xiao was about to flare up again. He thought that Cui Xi was going to fight Xu Tui now. Wasn’t that bullying? However, Cui Xi’s last sentence made Chai Xiao speechless.

“Alright, I’ll come and look for you after I become a freshman,” Xu Tui said.

Cui Xi was stunned. He understood that Xu Tui wanted to challenge him on the Longhu List. He suddenly laughed. “You have guts. Alright, then I, a second-year Tiger, will wait for you on the Longhu List! The tendons in Tao Guan’s left hand have been completely severed. It will take at least six days for him to recover. It will take at least ten days for him to fully unleash his strength.

“He would not be able to participate in the actual combat exchange with the India Sector tomorrow. However, Tao Guan held a very important position in tomorrow’s actual combat exchange. Do you dare to come forward? If you are willing, leave the rest to me. I am the captain of the combat exchange team tomorrow.” Cui Xi suddenly extended an invitation to Xu Tui.

Tao Guan was very important in the actual combat exchange tomorrow, but he had been defeated by Xu Tui. Xu Tui was the best candidate to replace Tao Guan.

“Why wouldn’t I dare?” Xu Tui replied.

“You have to consider this carefully. The actual combat exchange tomorrow is almost 100% real combat. If an extremely dangerous situation occurs, you might be severely injured, crippled, or even die,” Cui Xi said as he stared at Xu Tui.

“Senior Cui, actually, there’s something you don’t know. The reason why I came to challenge your second-year seniors today is to obtain battle results that can be recognized by the school so that I can participate in the actual combat exchange with the India Sector’s visiting group tomorrow,” Xu Tui said.

Cui Xi frowned slightly. “You came to the arena to challenge us because you wanted to participate in the actual combat exchange tomorrow?”

“That’s right.”

“I don’t quite understand. You’re a freshman…”

“My teacher is An Xiaoxue. I will be participating in the battle as An Xiaoxue’s student tomorrow,” Xu Tui said.

“Professor An? The masked goddess who hasn’t responded to Harrogate’s continuous public challenges? She’s your teacher?” Cui Xi was stunned.

“I’m her special student. She’s injured, so it’s not convenient for her to fight. That’s why I want to participate in the battle as An Xiaoxue’s student,” Xu Tui said.

“Professor An is injured? No wonder.” Cui Xi nodded slowly. “In that case, it’s settled. Although you might have already applied to the school, as the captain tomorrow, I still need to suggest it to the school.”

With that, Cui Xi turned around and left. Before he jumped off the stage, he suddenly turned around and said, “Xu Tui, if you can win the actual battle against the India Sector tomorrow, I’ll admire you. I’ll wait for you to fight on the Longhu List. However, if you lose to A’San tomorrow, you’ll embarrass the school and Huaxia. Then, you’ll be in the wrong today. I’ll definitely find trouble with you!”

After saying this, Cui Xi jumped off the stage. The crowd automatically opened up a path for him. Cui Xi walked away.

“Cui Xi likes to talk about collective honor, national honor, national pride, and righteousness the most! To be honest, I didn’t like him much, but I still had to submit to him. That’s why he is a Tiger in his second year. He has an extremely high prestige among the second-year students,” Chai Xiao told Xu Tui.

Xu Tui grinned when he heard that. “Brother Chai, thank you for earlier.”

“Thank my ass. Do you want me to thank you for not killing me? Kid, you’ve hidden yourself well. You didn’t even display your flying sword when you fought us previously. It was 20 meters.

Basically, once we start fighting, your flying sword will be able to kill me!” Chai Xiao widened his eyes.

Xu Tui chuckled dryly. “It’s mainly because the lethality of this technique is too great. Sometimes, I can’t control it. I usually don’t dare to use it.”

Chai Xiao nodded thoughtfully. “Indeed. However, this flying sword is powerful enough. By the way, Brother, can you teach me this flying sword technique? I want to learn it.”

“If you want to learn, you have to train your mind power first. You have to train your mind power with the vacuum silver tantalum bottle to 100 grams first,” Xu Tui said.

Chai Xiao, who had some understanding of the difficulty of the mystic-type mind power cultivation, gave Xu Tui a sidelong glance. “Forget I said that!”

“In another month, I’ll have to fight a few battles with your flying sword,” Chi Hongying suddenly said. She looked at the flying sword circling above Xu Tui’s head with an excited expression.

“Sure. Sister-in-law, you already said that so I have to satisfy you.”

“That’s great!”

Perhaps it was because she was too excited, but Chi Hongying did not object to being called sister-in-law. Chai Xiao was overjoyed when he heard that. He immediately gave Xu Tui a look that said, “I didn’t help you for nothing.”

Xu Tui silently pondered for a moment. Was this the second or third of the good deed series?

“Brother Xu, you’re too powerful!”

As soon as Zhuang Ziqiang spoke, his admiration for Xu Tui surged like a river. He only got to the point after a while.

“Brother Xu, will the challenge continue today?”

“I’m almost done with my current state. Tao Guan is already ranked seventh on the Longhu List. I don’t think there will be anyone else today. Take it as you see fit,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright!”

A few seconds later, Zhuang Ziqiang’s voice rang out in the arena.

“Students, seniors, Xu Tui’s challenge will temporarily end here due to the depletion of his mind power. If anyone above the seventh place on the Longhu List wants to challenge him, we can arrange a time to fight alone.”

After Zhuang Ziqiang said that, the students gathered on the stage gradually dispersed. However, they were still unsatisfied.

Many female students were especially curious about Xu Tui’s flying sword. When Xu Tui got off the stage and went to the infirmary, many female students made an extremely unreasonable request in front of Xu Tui. They wanted to touch Xu Tui’s flying sword.

If they wanted to touch anything else, he would be more than willing. But, touching a flying sword was naturally… definitely feasible! However, the display only lasted for a few seconds before Xu Tui entered the medical room. It was mainly because Xu Tui was not too interested in his female classmates touching his flying sword.

After entering the medical room, Xu Tui immediately sent a message to Wei Dajiang.

“Principal Wei, I’ve already defeated Wang Qiu, who is ranked 29th on the Longhu List, Miao Huanshan, who is ranked 16th, and Tao Guan, who is ranked 7th. Do you think that’s enough?”

….

In the office of the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Wen Xinglun smiled when he saw Wei Dajiang directly display Xu Tui’s information.

“Don’t we already have an answer to this matter? Let him attend. However, we have to take care of the emotions of the second-year students. He can’t appear in the starting lineup. Let’s go with the reserve team first and then adjust it according to the actual combat situation,” Wen Xinglun said.

Wei Dajiang smiled and nodded, but Wen Xinglun’s words were inconclusive.

“However, you still need to remind Xu Tui,” the principal, Wen Xinglun, suddenly said.

“Principal, what do you mean?” Wei Dajiang was a little surprised.

“Mercy was too much. If he had been a little more decisive in his battle with Tao Guan, the battle would have ended quickly. In the end, he suffered a loss. In such a state, he will suffer greatly if he is not careful in tomorrow’s battle,” Wen Xinglun said.

Wei Dajiang nodded slowly. “I’ll remind him again. However, Principal, since we’re on this topic. Xu Tui’s benevolence toward Tao Guan just now had been influenced by the big picture that Cui Xi had mentioned before the battle. He still had a certain sense of the big picture and the honor of Huaxia. Isn’t that what we want to see?

“In the battle just now, if Xu Tui, a freshman, had really crippled Tao Guan, he would have been extremely ruthless and ferocious. Then do we have to reflect on whether there’s something wrong with our education?”

The principal, Wen Xinglun, was stunned and suddenly laughed out loud. “Old Wei, you haven’t changed at all. You’re still sticking to your ideals! You were right about the reflection. As a freshman, Xu Tui was normal and correct. However, as the school and their principal, I need them to grow and transform quickly! In this day and age, it’s too easy to suffer losses if you’re not ruthless!”

Wei Dajiang nodded silently.