Chapter 141 - Wiped Out (2)

Chapter 141: Wiped Out (2)

“Thank… Thank you! I lost!”

He Jin found it a little difficult to say those words, but he felt relaxed after saying them.

“I’ll go!”

...

“This is truly mysterious.”

“He’s that powerful with just a few balls?”

The second-year students below the stage exploded!

“Don’t underestimate Xu Tui. His strength should be a little stronger than what he shows. His control of the silver pill was extremely agile. It was not enough to describe how he controlled it. If any of you want to fight, you must be mentally prepared.” He Jin stepped down from the stage and summarized the situation for the students.

On the side, Chi Hongying looked at He Jin, who had left the stage, with a look of disdain. “Weakling, what’s the point of summarizing! In my opinion, those in the top 20 of the Longhu List are all weaklings in front of Xu Tui!

“You’re ranked 18th now. What about you?” Chai Xiao, who was a weakling, felt a little uncomfortable.

Chi Hongying glared at him. “A weakling who can last a little longer, alright?”

“Then the two of us are really a pair of weaklings.” Chai Xiao smiled and quietly wrapped his arms around Chi Hongying’s waist. However, Chi Hongying pushed him away.

“There are so many people. What are you doing!”

Chai Xiao was immediately amused. “Then there aren’t many people at night…”

“Scram!”

This time, there was no need for Zhuang Ziqiang to use his maxed-out Provocation Skill. The next second-year senior of the Longhu List was already on the stage.

To the second-year students on the Longhu List, challenging Xu Tui at this moment was no longer purely for the sake of maintaining their reputation. It was also because they wanted to gain some fame.

It was for experience and to train themselves!

They had almost fought all the students from the Mystery Branch. Fire, lightning, plants, radiation, and so on. They had all fought their fellow students from the Mystery Branch who could hypnotize them. However, they had never fought someone like Xu Tui, who had only used his mind power to control the silver pills.

It wasn’t that there weren’t any!

There were a few second-year students in the School of Enlightened Mind who used their mind power to control silver pills or even small swords. However, those people were not on the same level as Xu Tui. Their speed, lethality, and accuracy were all far inferior.

At this moment, the strength that Xu Tui had displayed had successfully piqued their interest.

The Longhu List was not just a list of benefits that could be obtained by occupying a position. It was also a combat exercise list. It allowed them to encounter all kinds of strange abilities and tactics while learning. In the future, when they walked onto the battlefield, this would be the foundation of their survival.

Such opportunities were rare.

In the future, when Xu Tui was on the Longhu List, they might not be qualified to challenge Xu Tui.

Such an opportunity could only be chanced upon by luck!

In an instant, more and more second-year students went up the stage to fight.

This was because some of the members who were ranked higher than them had already stepped onto the stage. Many of the members on the Longhu List who had missed the opportunity cried out in regret.

After all, if they fought more battles like this, they would have a higher chance of surviving or winning if they encountered similar enemies in the future.

To put it simply, Xu Tui had become an experience bag in the hearts of the second-year students on the Longhu List. They had to farm experience bags. Regardless of victory or defeat!

The ranking of the second-year students on the Longhu List who went up the stage to challenge rose very quickly. Many of the top-ranked members of the Longhu List were already starting to worry. How long could Xu Tui’s mind power last under such a tag-team battle? They would not have a chance if Xu Tui exhausted his mind power.

The 12th challenger directly ended the chances of many second-year students who wanted to challenge him.

Wang Qiu, ranked 29th on the Year Two Longhu List.

Wang Qiu, who had been dismissive of Xu Tui’s challenge just now, took the initiative to go on stage.

“Xu Tui, I have indeed underestimated you. You do have the right to challenge me.” Wang Qiu went on stage and apologized to Xu Tui.

“It’s alright. It’s a normal reaction.

“It’s not too late for us to fight again,” Xu Tui said.

“Do you need to rest?” Wang Qiu asked when he saw that Xu Tui had already fought 12 battles in a row.

“Not at the moment.”

The previous 12 matches had consumed very little of Xu Tui’s mind power. He had only consumed less than a quarter of his mind power. Compared to Chi Hongying, who had been sparring with Xu Tui, they were all weaklings.

“Get ready!”

“Start!”

Wang Qiu had clearly learned his lesson from the failure of the students in front of him. When faced with Xu Tui’s attack, he did not advance but approached slowly. He observed his surroundings and listened carefully.

He did not relax just because he had repelled or dodged Xu Tui’s Silver Pill attack. He had been on full alert, but he had only managed to get five meters closer to Xu Tui in a minute. He managed to reach Xu Tui and could attack him at any time.

However, Wang Qiu was not careless at all. The threat of the three silver pills circling around him was too great.

Suddenly, the moment Wang Qiu’s stiletto forced two of Xu Tui’s silver pills to retreat, Wang Qiu’s stiletto suddenly pierced through the air. He slashed out with his stiletto at lightning speed!

Sizzle!

There was a slightly ear-piercing sound of collision.

Wang Qiu’s stiletto accurately hit the alloy silver pill that Xu Tui had used to attack his lower body. What was worse was that it was hit by the blade.

Xu Tui’s Alloy Silver Pill was split in half by Wang Qiu.

The moment the Alloy Silver Pill was split open, an inexplicable explosive pain surged through Xu Tui’s head. It was as if more than ten needles were stabbing his head at the same time. The piercing pain caused his mind power to slow down.

The other two alloy silver pills that were circling and dancing also trembled for a moment.

Xu Tui knew very well that this was the mind power backlash that An Xiaoxue had specially instructed him to be careful of. If an item attached to mind power was directly cut through, it would cause a certain degree of backlash to the user’s mind power. He had to pay attention to this moment. Because this moment might be the moment of life and death for the user.

Wang Qiu, who was in the middle of a battle, had accurately captured Xu Tui’s abnormal behavior. He immediately realized that this was his chance to win. He instantly charged forward and swung his stiletto at Xu Tui.

Zhuang Ziqiang, who was in the corner of the arena, widened his eyes and covered his mouth tightly. He was afraid that his warning would affect Xu Tui.

Below the stage, only Chi Hongying and Chai Xiao were not nervous. They did not even look up.

Suddenly, Wang Qiu felt as if he had slipped. He suddenly fell to the ground and the military knife in his hand fell uncontrollably. He hugged his head and curled up into a ball. He let out an unconscious scream.

The students watching the battle were all stunned. At this moment, even the top ten second-year students on the Longhu List, led by Cui Xi, suddenly stood up and looked at Wang Qiu’s situation from afar.

The teacher on duty was anxious. He glared at Xu Tui and quickly went to check on Wang Qiu.

Xu Tui, a first-year student, was a ruthless person. He could hurt people without a trace.

The teacher on duty heaved a sigh of relief when he checked on Wang Qiu’s condition. However, the way he looked at Xu Tui had clearly changed.

“He only suffered a mental attack and suffered some mental damage. He’ll be fine after resting for a while,” the teacher on duty said.

“Xu Tui, you are from the School of Enlightened Mind. Who is your teacher?” the teacher on duty suddenly asked.

“Teacher, my teacher is Professor An Xiaoxue.”

The teacher on duty was stunned.

F*ck! Why didn’t you say so! If you had told me earlier that you were An Xiaoxue’s student, I would have asked someone to take over my shift.

Although there were not many people in An Xiaoxue’s faction, they often had invisible means of killing. Ordinary teachers like them could not defend against them! Fortunately, he looked fine at the moment!

Nothing major had happened.

About a minute later, Wang Qiu got up. However, his gaze toward Xu Tui was filled with fear.

The students watching below the stage were stunned again.

A mental attack! Damn it, there was really a freak who could directly attack with mind power!

Only Chi Hongying and Chai Xiao were still munching on melon seeds with disdain. They were freaking scared just like that? This was Xu Tui’s most ordinary mental whip. If Xu Tui used his enhanced version of the mental whip, Wang Qiu would definitely go into shock and be sent to the emergency room.

Not far away, the members of the Tiger Board gathered around Cui Xi, the second-year Tiger. Tao Guan, who was ranked seventh on the Longhu List, stood up.

“Brother Cui, this Xu Tui actually knows how to use mental attacks. Based on this situation, if we don’t take action, I’m afraid that he will sweep through the second-year Longhu List. Should I go over and fight him?”