Chapter 156 - Hongying'S First Battle (3)

Chapter 156: Hongying’s First Battle (3)

She was just like her name!

In the inner area of the India Sector, Haruji and the other students gathered together. After waiting for about 30 seconds, a male student in a full white combat uniform jumped onto the stage.

“New India Genetic Evolution College, Gita!”

...

After a simple self-introduction, Qu Qingshan, who was standing at the referee’s seat, gently rang the opening bell!

Almost at the same time, information about Gita appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. Mystery Branch, earth-type superb individual.

Indeed, the India Sector had done a deep enough research on this area.

Yesterday, Chi Hongying had been defeated by Miao Huanshan, who was also an earth-element superb individual. The person sent by the India Sector today was an earth-element superb individual.

Almost as soon as the battle began, Chi Hongying started to change her speed and charge forward.

The battle between the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch was determined by the distance of the battle.

Chi Hongying advanced five meters into the standard ten-meter combat distance with a roll. However, an earth wall suddenly appeared in front of Chi Hongying. The moment it blocked Chi Hongying slightly, spikes shot out from the ground.

Chi Hongying reacted quickly enough. The moment she was blocked, she slammed her hands on the ground and flew into the air. The ground spikes that pierced out of the ground almost touched Chi Hongying’s chest.

In the next moment, Chi Hongying’s calm performance stunned everyone.

She grabbed the spike with her left hand. Ignoring the pain, she suddenly exerted strength. Blood flowed from her left hand, but she used the force to leap over. She instantly covered a distance of five meters.

Before Gita could react, she climbed onto Gita’s shoulder like a monkey and punched out with her fists.

While Gita was in shock, a layer of rock instantly appeared on his neck, blocking Chi Hongying’s punch.

Bang!

Chi Hongying’s brass knuckles struck Gita’s temple. Blood spurted from Gita’s temple as he fell backward. However, Chi Hongying had no intention of stopping. The fist in her palm hit towards Gita’s temple.

This ferocious appearance made everyone in the inner court, including the spectators, tremble.

Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing sat up straight at the same time, extremely nervous! They did not expect the first battle to be so cruel!

Bang!

The sound of metal clashing rang out.

When Chi Hongying’s fist landed on Gita’s temple, she seemed to have encountered an invisible barrier. There was even the sound of metal clashing. She wanted to punch him, but she could not.

He Cai, the teacher on duty, looked at Chi Hongying expressionlessly. He was the one who attacked. He Cai was definitely an expert from the Mystery Branch.

“Chi Hongying from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College wins!” Qu Qingshan’s voice rang out.

A tsunami of cheers immediately rang out from the audience. Some students who knew how to play directly used the projection function of several people’s communication devices to show their support.

“Mighty Hongying!”

“Goddess Hongying!”

“War God Hongying!”

The cheers came in waves.

Haruji, who was the instructor, had an ugly expression on his face.

“That idiot Gita!” He cursed and looked at the many students present. Who should he send next? He had to win the next match no matter what!

On the stage, Qu Qingshan was still carrying out his duties as a judge. “Chi Hongying, can you still fight?

“You need to win two matches in a row before you can step down from the stage and continue preparing for battle. You will have the chance to go on stage again. If you’re injured, you can go down the stage for treatment now. However, according to the rules, you can only have one victory. You will lose the chance to go up the stage again.”

This was a fine rule in combat. It was also to prevent both sides from constantly choosing people to fight. At the same time, it was also to take care of the loser. This would give the loser a chance to send out the people they want.

In short, it was a battle on the stage. If they lost, they would naturally not have a chance.

If they won, they would have two choices. They would either step down from the stage and record the number of victories, however, they would also lose the chance to go on stage again. This was the choice of the seriously injured.

Or they win twice in a row, and they could leave the stage to rest and prepare for battle.

Hearing Qu Qingshan’s question, Chi Hongying casually waved her bleeding left hand. With the protection of the tactical gloves, her injuries were actually very light.

“It’s just a small wound. I just need to bandage it a little and I can continue fighting! I choose to continue fighting!” Chi Hongying said.

“Medical team.” Qu Qingshan nodded and shouted softly. A paramedic went up to bandage Chi Hongying.

“Brother Chai, who do you think the India Sector will send next?” Xu Tui suddenly asked in the inner area.

Chai Xiao did not respond. He was a little stunned. Xu Tui was startled.

“Brother Chai, what’s wrong? What are you thinking about?”

Chai Xiao came back to his senses and pouted helplessly at Xu Tui. “Nothing much.”

“What’s wrong? Tell me quickly.” No one would believe Chai Xiao if he said that he was not thinking about anything.

“Sigh… I’m thinking about a very deep and distant question.”

“What question?”

“Hongying is so powerful. She’s so fierce… Do you think I can suppress her in the future?” Chai Xiao looked worried.

“This… I think it’s very difficult! You will definitely be suppressed by Sister Hongying until you can never make a comeback,” Xu Tui said seriously.

“Scram!”

“Look, the candidate from the Genetic Evolution College is on stage.”

Xu Tui’s expression changed the moment he looked up.

Azari!

It was the fiercest student in the Genetic Evolution College, Azari!

Chai Xiao’s expression instantly became extremely nervous when he saw Azari go on stage!