Chapter 152 - The Accident Before The Battle Begins (2)

Chapter 152: The Accident Before the Battle Begins (2)

s

However, every time he activated the genetic base points of the second level, his initial speed and acceleration would increase by 2% to 3%.

This was also why Xu Tui had to make the best use of his time to increase his strength before the actual combat.

As Xu Tui’s power base grew, every time he activated a new genetic base point, his power would increase significantly.

...

After sensing the changes in his mind power, Xu Tui immediately emptied his mind from his meditative state and quickly fell asleep again.

At 7:30, the alarm clock woke him up on time an hour and a half later.

“I’ve recovered about 70% of the mind power that I used during my cultivation. My total mind power is about 90%. That’s enough!”

Next, Xu Tui got out of bed as quickly as he could. He brushed his teeth, washed his face, and dressed within three minutes. It took him five minutes to quickly clean up the washroom and the public area. He maintained those areas well every day so he tidied up quite quickly.

After that, Xu Tui ran to the Bravehearts Food Center in Block C. He ate five plain eggs, ten meat-and-vegetable buns, and a large glass of milk as he walked.

At 7:57, Xu Tui finished the last drop of milk and stepped into the first floor of the combat training building.

He felt a little uncomfortable the moment he stepped into the building.

A sweet-looking girl carried a bag of food and walked into the combat training building before Xu Tui.

“Cui Xi, I know that you’re busy this morning and probably won’t have time for breakfast, so I specially brought you breakfast. It’s your favorite fried eggs, roasted sausages, cold beef, and buns.” The little beauty smiled sweetly and handed a large bag of food to Cui Xi.

The other students who had already arrived to participate in the battle immediately teased at the same time, making the little beauty blush.

“Thank you.” Cui Xi received it generously and opened it on the table. He called out to the other students. “Is there anyone who hasn’t eaten yet? Let’s eat together.”

The other students shook their heads. Cui Xi happened to see Xu Tui enter and greeted him. “You’re here. Have you eaten? If you haven’t, come over and eat together.”

“I just… ate…”

Xu Tui had a depressed look on his face. He had been eating like a wolf on the road just now, and he felt like choking now. This sweetness was so f*cking annoying!

Before Xu Tui could catch his breath, Chai Xiao’s signature three-colored hair appeared at the entrance of the combat training building. This fellow carried a bag of food and walked up to Xu Tui. He waved it in front of Xu Tui.

“Brother, I know you must have eaten. You don’t have to tell me. Hongying, I brought you breakfast. You woke up at 6:30 in the morning to train. You should eat something to replenish your energy.”

Chai Xiao walked past Xu Tui and placed the breakfast in front of Chi Hongying, who was still sweating.

Xu Tui thought,

I want to curse something that I should not say!

What the hell? He had almost choked to death early in the morning. When he finally arrived at the combat training building on time, he saw that public display of affection. He was about to choke to death…

“Little Tui, you really arrived earlier than us. Have you had breakfast? Qingqing and I specially brought you breakfast.”

Just as Xu Tui was feeling depressed, Gong Ling’s sweet voice suddenly rang out behind him.

Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing each carried a lunch box to Xu Tui’s side.

The moment Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing appeared, they attracted the attention of all the male students present.

Gong Ling was a sweet and beautiful girl. Her long hair fluttered in the wind. Not only did she look sweet, but she had a big chest. She would attract attention wherever she went.

Compared to Gong Ling, Zuo Qingqing was more attractive to the male students. She was over 1.7 meters tall, had long legs, a slender waist, and a good figure. She attracted attention wherever she went.

However, Zuo Qingqing’s slender and fair neck was slightly raised, making her look a little cold. She only put on light makeup, and her hair was simply tied up. With this combination, her temperament changed from slightly aloof to as elegant as a swan.

At this moment, Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing gathered around Xu Tui. They each handed him a lunch box. Many students, including Cui Xi, were stunned.

Xu Tui was also stunned. He had no idea that Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing would appear here. They even brought him breakfast. It was Xu Tui’s first time being served breakfast by a beautiful girl.

Chai Xiao, who had just shown off his relationship to Xu Tui, was dumbfounded when he saw Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing surrounding him.

“F*ck, I thought this kid was single. I didn’t expect him to be a one-on-two…”

“Do you want a one-on-two too?” Chi Hongying’s cold voice sounded.

“Of… How is that possible?” At the critical moment, Chai Xiao turned around and frantically tried to save himself. “Hongying, you’re enough for me!”

Chi Hongying only smiled coldly and did not speak.

“Why… are you here?” Xu Tui looked at Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing, who had suddenly appeared. He was confused.

“Little Tui, of course I’m here to bring you breakfast. Qingqing and I specially chose your favorite big buns. You haven’t had breakfast yet, right?” Gong Ling said.

Xu Tui wanted to say that he had already eaten, but when he thought about the wolf-like gazes from all directions and Chai Xiao’s expression, he decisively accepted the food.

“I haven’t eaten yet. Just nice.”

He would stuff a big meat bun into his mouth first.

While they were eating, Gong Ling stepped forward and gently held Xu Tui’s left arm. She said in a low voice, “Little Tui, you were selected for the actual combat exchange with the India Sector today, right?”