Chapter 151 - The Accident Before The Battle Begins (1)

Chapter 151: The Accident Before the Battle Begins (1)

At 5:10 a.m., Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes while listening to soothing music.

That was the sound of his alarm.

He looked at the time and then at the dark sky outside the window. Xu Tui was a little lazy. He did not want to get out of bed. He felt that he had not slept enough. However, he was very energetic.

...

His sleep quality was exceptionally high after he entered a state of meditation. His mind power, which had been depleted during his training last night, was fully recovered in six hours.

Xu Tui did not want to get out of bed. He simply lay on the bed and drank a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. He casually adjusted his breathing and entered the illusory introspective state. He continued to conquer the seventh genetic base point of the second level.

Xu Tui had trained hard last night, but he did not manage to activate the seventh genetic base point of the second level.

Still, it was close.

He estimated the time and set the alarm. He was prepared to activate this morning so that his strength could increase a little.

It was only in the past few days that he realized how amazing meditation was. That was because sleeping was awesome.

During the past week or two of classes, the students talked the most about the side effects of the Nerve Acceleration Elixir. Insomnia was the most common side effect. Almost 90% of the students had insomnia. Especially on the first night after every injection, many students had insomnia. There were even students who had insomnia for five consecutive days.

They were very tired, very sleepy, and wanted to sleep so much. But they just couldn’t sleep.

Many students received melatonin and even sleeping pills in the infirmary. They could barely fall asleep, but their sleep quality was very poor. This indirectly affected their cultivation during this period of time.

However, Xu Tui was different. He had the side effects of the Nerve Acceleration Elixir, such as anxiety and oversensitivity. There was no such thing as insomnia. As long as he entered a meditative state and emptied his mind, he would immediately fall asleep. And the quality of sleep was excellent.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui could actually make full use of most of his time. He would never do something like lying on the bed, unable to sleep, staring at the ceiling, and counting sheep.

It was also because of this that his cultivation efficiency in a day might be equivalent to one and a half days or even two days of the other students. It was precisely because of this that Xu Tui dared to set an alarm and wake up early in the morning to cultivate.

That was because he would be able to replenish some of his depleted mind power after he consumed a portion of it. He could then report to the combat training building. If it were other students from the Mystery Branch, they would definitely not dare to cultivate after waking up early in the morning if they had a combat mission today. They had to maintain their mind power at its peak.

However, Xu Tui dared to do so.

He had skipped many of Wen Shao’s mind power training classes. He taught the students from the Mystery Branch how to quickly fall asleep, improve their sleep quality, and quickly recover their mind power.

There were several methods, and they were indeed helpful for sleeping. However, it was difficult to fall asleep within three minutes. They all needed a long-term behavior signal, or something similar to self-hypnosis.

Actually, Xu Tui’s meditation was not easy to achieve.

According to what his father, Xu Jianguo, had said, Xu Tui had persisted for about 16 years before he achieved such an effect. He did not get this benefit for nothing.

Forty minutes later, there was a slight fluctuation in Xu Tui’s mind power. When the fluctuation disappeared, he opened his eyes.

It was done.

He had successfully activated the seventh genetic base point of the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, Version 4.9.

His mind power increased just like before. It increased by more than 5%, less than 6%. If he continued to cultivate for the next two days, he would be able to improve further.

One should not underestimate this 5% increase. The increase in his overall mind power was not obvious.

However, if he quantified the distance of the mental chalin, it would be very easy to see. It was also the farthest attack range of Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Two weeks ago, Xu Tui had just been injected with the Black Crown Queen Bee’s genetic transcriptional fluid and obtained the ability of a mental chain. At that time, Xu Tui’s flying sword had a maximum range of 100 meters.

In reality, his control over the flying sword had greatly weakened when he had shot the sword 100 meters away. Even turning the sword around had become very strenuous.

Therefore, the effective killing distance of Xu Tui’s flying sword was about 90 meters when the mental chain was 100 meters away.

However, every time Xu Tui activated the second level of his genetic base points, his mind power would increase by about 5%. The distance he could release with his mental chain would also increase by a similar percentage.

This improvement was very, very impressive.

At that time, Xu Tui had only activated two of his second-level genetic base points. The range of his flying sword was 100 meters.

When the sixth genetic base point of the second level was activated, his flying sword had a maximum control range of 121 meters, and an effective killing range of 110 meters.

And now, he had activated the seventh genetic base point of the second level.

The flying sword’s maximum control distance had reached about 127 meters. Moreover, it did not just increase the distance. The increase in overall mind power would increase the initial speed and acceleration of the silver pills and the flying sword that Xu Tui controlled.

This would greatly increase the lethality of his flying sword and silver pills.

The improvement in these two aspects did not reach about 5% like the furthest distance.