Chapter 153 - The Accident Before The Battle Begins (3)

Chapter 153: The Accident Before the Battle Begins (3)

“Yes, why?” Xu Tui nodded.

“Little Tui, why don’t you bring us into the inner area to watch the battle? There are many people watching today’s actual combat exchange. There are also many people outside the school, not to mention those in the school. The students of our school are basically all in the central and outer regions. That’s too far away. Even if we bring binoculars, we won’t be able to see the entire scene clearly,” Gong Ling said.

Xu Tui was startled. Only then did he realize where the breakfast of love from these two beauties had come from.

...

So that was the reason. It wasn’t because…

Xu Tui immediately felt that the bun in his hand was no longer fragrant.

“Can I bring others into the inner court?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled.

“Of course. In theory, every senior who participates in the actual combat competition can bring along a temporary assistant or emergency assistant. Look, didn’t those seniors bring them along?” Gong Ling whispered.

“They all brought one, can I even bring two?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“This… The school should be very lax in this aspect. If someone asks, just say that you’re bringing a friend’s family member or something…” Gong Ling’s gaze was a little evasive. It seemed like she didn’t know much either.

“Okay, I’ll try.”

Gong Ling was instantly delighted when she received an affirmative answer. She hugged Xu Tui’s arm with a joyful expression. “Little Tui, you’re the best.”

Xu Tui suddenly felt a little strange.

So soft!

So elastic!

“Qingqing, it’s done!” Gong Ling, who had big breasts, did not notice anything. She turned around and reported the good news to Zuo Qingqing.

At the side, Chai Xiao was stunned again.

Xu Tui felt a sense of loss. A beautiful feeling was always short-lived.

“Xu Tui, this is the information of the candidates for the actual combat exchange reported by the visiting group from the India Sector. We have summarized their weaknesses and strengths.”

Cui Xi suddenly called Xu Tui over.

“You were selected at the last minute yesterday. I knew that you had exhausted your mind power yesterday, so I didn’t call you for research. That’s why I gave you the information now. Take a closer look at the others. What you need to pay special attention to is Azari from the Mystery Branch of the New India Genetic Evolution College. This is because you are the second person to deal with Azari! I will also send you his video information. Think about your battle plan with him later. It starts at 9:30. You still have an hour and a half,” Cui Xi said.

“Alright. Thank you.”

Xu Tui had been worried about this before. He did not expect Cui Xi and the others to have done their homework ahead of time. It was good that he could pick up what was ready-made.

Time passed quickly. An hour passed quickly.

Xu Tui had not only finished reading all the information, but he also had a few battle plans for dealing with Azari.

Suddenly, the students gathered at the combat center on the first floor stood up.

“Little Tui, quick, the principal is here.” Gong Ling, who had been quietly staying by Xu Tui’s side, saw the principal, Wen Xinglun, walking over. Her eyes were filled with stars.

This was the first time she had seen Wen Xinglun, the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, up close.

“It seems that all the students have arrived early. I came to see you. I also have some bad news to tell you.” The principal, Wen Xinglun, had black hair and was very energetic. He was very amiable in front of the students.

Following Principal Wen Xinglun’s signal, the Dean of Academic Affairs, Yan Chen, stepped forward and said, “Twenty minutes ago, we received an emergency notice from the India Sector’s exchange and visitation team. Two of their actual combat exchange personnel had a stomach ache last night and are in a bad state today. They needed to replace two people at the last minute. The two people who had been replaced were the two weakest people in the combat exchange.

“The problem is that we don’t have any other information to give to you guys other than their names. Our intelligence personnel in the India Sector have already begun to search for information on these two people, but there are no results yet.”

Yan Chen’s words stunned all the students present.

“In that case, our battle strategy and selection arrangements will be completely disrupted.” Cui Xi’s words made all the students present turn serious.