Chapter 158 - Azari'S Hidden Trump Card (2)

Chapter 158: Azari’s Hidden Trump Card (2)

This was more than madness. It was more of self-saving. If she allowed Azari to spin the bone blade without a care in the world, Chi Hongying would probably die today.

Chi Hongying’s punch almost broke Azari’s neck. He felt that if he continued to engage in close combat with this woman, even if he killed her, her final counterattack would make him suffer greatly.

Pfft!

...

Azari no longer thought about spinning the bone blade. Instead, he pulled out the curved bone blade in an extremely decisive manner.

Blood immediately gushed out of Chi Hongying’s chest. The blood caused Chi Hongying to lose all her strength. Her movements suddenly trembled, and the movements of the brass knuckles that were punching Azari;s neck and head suddenly slowed down.

Azari took the opportunity to flip over and break free from Chi Hongying’s pressure. The curved bone blade between his fingers slashed at Chi Hongying’s throat.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

An invisible barrier suddenly appeared in front of Azari’s bone blade. Azari stabbed it three times but failed to pierce through the invisible barrier.

Qu Qingshan, an associate professor of the School of General Senses, was sitting in the judge’s seat. His shiny forehead was shining under the sunlight as he stared at them.

Almost at the same time, it was as if a pair of invisible hands had appeared and quickly lifted Chi Hongying, who had fallen to the ground with blood gushing out of her chest. In an instant, they carried Chi Hongying across the arena and sent her directly to the emergency medical team.

“Save her!” Qu Qingshan placed Chi Hongying on the medical bed and said those words softly.

On the other side, the medical team had already started to rescue Chi Hongying.

“She was stabbed through the body in a curved manner. Her heart and lungs were injured. Immediately establish an external circulation of the heart. Inform the emergency center to prepare for the heart and lungs repair surgery.”

Everyone was silent!

Chai Xiao had already pounced over the moment Chi Hongying’s chest was pierced by the bone blade. He was blocked by the staff.

“Brother Chai, don’t cause trouble. Trust the doctors in our school at a time like this.” Xu Tui walked behind the extremely nervous Chai Xiao and patted his shoulder.

Chai Xiao slowly stood up and looked at Chi Hongying, who was being saved by the doctor. He then glanced at Azari, who had just stood up on the stage.

“I suddenly hate myself! Why am I so useless! I should be the one on stage now!” Chai Xiao growled.

Chai Xiao glanced at Xu Tui. He wanted to say something, but he did not.

“I should be next.”

Xu Tui patted Chai Xiao’s shoulder gently and returned to the inner court area. Chai Xiao then turned back silently. At this moment, a doctor who was treating Chi Hongying’s injuries suddenly walked over.

“Who is Cui Xi?”

“I am.” Cui Xi hurried over.

“Chi Hongying asked me to tell you that a needle-shaped mental attack is very fast. It can be performed more than 12 times per second. The maximum distance is 7 meters. The strength of the final burst is half.”

Hearing this, Cui Xi and the other team members were moved.

Chi Hongying did not forget to summarize her combat experience with the enemy and provide them with help despite her serious injuries. It was really…

“Doctor, the intensity of the last explosion was half. What does that mean? I don’t understand.”

Cui Xi pressed on.

The first sentence was clear.

It should be Azari’s mental attack. It was a needle-like mental attack. The frequency of the attack was more than 12 times per second. The furthest range of this mental attack was seven meters.

However, what did the second sentence mean?

Cui Xi could not understand. The other students did not understand what he meant either. However, Xu Tui understood.

Chi Hongying was probably comparing the strength of Azari’s mental attack with Xu Tui’s mental whip. It should be said that the strength of Azari’s mental attack was only half of the mental strength that Xu Tui had unleashed the day before yesterday.

Otherwise, Chi Hongying would not have been able to recover in an instant and counterattack Azari.

“We’re not sure about that. She just told me to pass on the message,” said the doctor who came over to pass the message.

Looking at Chi Hongying, who had already been sent to the ambulance, Cui Xi nodded and did not ask further.

“Doctor, how are Hongying’s injuries?”

“From the looks of it, it’s not too serious. She injured her heart and lungs. She’ll recover completely in a week or two. However, if her injuries are any more serious, it’ll be very dangerous.” As he spoke, the doctor glared at Azari, who was on the stage. “I’m very impressed with this girl. She has displayed our might. The rest is up to you.”

With that, the doctor left.

Cui Xi returned to the team area in the inner court and stood in front of everyone with Hu Nanzhong.

“Genetic bone blade!”

The teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong, was the first to speak.

“Azari hid his strength very well. The strength he displayed previously has always been of the Mystery Branch. His mental strength is very powerful. We did not expect him to already have a genetic bone blade. This was a true genetic weapon. Its strength and sharpness usually surpassed alloy. The key was that when used, it was unpredictable and had great lethality.

“This way, we would have to reevaluate Azari’s strength. Not only was he proficient in mental attacks, but he should also be very strong in close combat. Moreover, his genetic bone blade should have been achieved after completing at least one genetic mutation.

“In other words, Azari’s current strength had already reached the Mutant Realm. Azari was at least a Level F Genetic Mutant! This way, our battle strategy will have to be adjusted,” Hu Nanzhong analyzed.

Cui Xi understood what Hu Nanzhong meant and took the initiative to speak. “Teacher, although I have not undergone a qualitative change, I am confident…”

However, he was interrupted by Hu Nanzhong.

“How can you defend against his mental attack? Or can you do what Chi Hongying did?” Hu Nanzhong asked.

“It’s a pity. If Tao Guan was here, it wouldn’t be a problem…” Zhang Changtai, who was also participating in the battle, suddenly said.

Almost at the same time that he spoke, Xu Tui took the initiative to step forward.

“Mr. Hu, Captain, let me do this round.”

Cui Xi did not say anything, but Hu Nanzhong was still a little worried. After all, Xu Tui was only a freshman.

“Mr. Hu, don’t worry. The Tao Guan that Zhang Changtai mentioned was the one that I defeated and injured,” Xu Tui said.

Zhang Changtai was speechless.

“Alright, you have to be careful. Azari just revealed a new trump card. You have to make corresponding adjustments to your battle plan.

“Do you need our help?” Hu Nanzhong asked.

“No need.” Xu Tui shook his head firmly. “However, I have a small request.”

“Speak!”

“Teacher, Captain, I remember that there should be one or two media interviews during our actual combat exchange this time, right?” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Yes, there were two interviews. One was arranged for Cui Xi, and the other was for all of you after the exchange battle,” Hu Nanzhong said.

“I want it once. I want it now that I’m on stage,” Xu Tui said.

“Why do you want this?” The teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong, was a little puzzled.

“Give it to him. Arrange it now. He needs this, but I don’t!” Cui Xi said.

“Thanks.” Xu Tui nodded at Cui Xi and said, “I’m going up.” Then, Xu Tui lightly stepped onto the combat arena.