Chapter 157 - Azari'S Hidden Trump Card (1)

Chapter 157: Azari’s Hidden Trump Card (1)

“Ready.”

“Start!”

Following the referee’s order, the entire arena and the surroundings instantly became extremely quiet. Everyone was watching the following battle with bated breath.

...

Chi Hongying was valiant and fierce.

Azari was strange and ferocious. He was notorious.

This battle had attracted everyone’s attention from the beginning.

As soon as the battle began, Chi Hongying widened her eyes and immediately charged forward.

In the previous battle against the earth-element superb individual, Chi Hongying had used a disorderly speed change to advance. It was to guard against Gita’s unpredictable earth spikes and earth-element extraordinary methods.

Chi Hongying charged forward in a straight line in order to reach Azari in the shortest time possible.

Azari was obviously a superb individual with powerful mystic-type mental strength. Chi Hongying would only be able to win if she got close to him.

Azari’s huge eyes widened like copper bells as he stared fixedly at Chi Hongying, who was charging over. An invisible mental attack had been launched.

The others could not understand, but Xu Tui, Cui Xi, and the teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong, could see it clearly.

As she charged forward, Chi Hongying’s long hair fluttered in the wind. However, the moment Azari glared, her fluttering red tassel began to tremble. That was because she had suffered Azari’s invisible mental attack. Her body instinctively trembled, causing the red tassel floating above her head to change.

One.

Two.

Three.

Four.

Five.

Six.

Xu Tui counted silently. Chi Hongying might have used 0.6 seconds to cover a distance of ten meters, but she had been attacked six times by Azari’s invisible mental attack.

However, the results of Chi Hongying’s training with Xu Tui, where she had been whipped by Xu Tui’s mental whip for six to seven days, were now displayed.

Although she was attacked six times by Azari’s invisible mental attacks, the impact on Chi Hongying was very small each time. It was just a slight pain in her mind. It did not even affect Chi Hongying’s speed.

Chi Hongying withstood Azari’s mental attack and reached the attack range. She lowered her body, and her push dagger and brass knuckles tore through the air as they attacked Azari’s vital points.

A sinister look flashed across Azari’s eyes. His eyes widened as he shouted angrily. “Duo!”

With a furious roar, an extremely powerful spiritual fluctuation instantly erupted from Azari’s body. Even Xu Tui, who was sitting far away in the inner court, could sense the mind power fluctuations.

This was an even stronger mental attack.

Almost at the same time, Chi Hongying let out a cry of pain and fell to the ground. Before Azari could smile and do anything, Chi Hongying, who had fallen to the ground, suddenly flipped over. She twisted her legs and flipped Azari over on the spot.

Chi Hongying, whose face was distorted, turned over and rode on Azari’s legs like a tigress. She let out meaningless cries. As she bent over, the brass knuckles directly smashed towards the vital spot behind Azari’s ear, which was not protected by the helmet. The push dagger in her right hand pierced towards Azari’s throat.

Azari’s expression changed drastically. He did not expect Chi Hongying to be able to counterattack and have such a powerful attack under his full-powered mental attack.

In the inner area, Haruji, who was watching the battle, suddenly stood up. His eyes were solemn.

Chi Hongying’s performance was even better than what they had studied. Not only did she survive Azari’s ordinary mental stab, but she also survived Azari’s full-powered mental stab. What was worse was that her will to fight was too strong. It was like a tigress being released from its cage!

Azari had also fought his way through the various Genetic Evolution Colleges. He had even undergone a life-and-death test in the New India Genetic Evolution College. At this moment, he was on the brink of death, but he did not panic. He suddenly shrank his neck and lowered his helmet, blocking Chi Hongying’s attack.

However, Chi Hongying’s push dagger followed him like a shadow and slashed at his throat.

Azari’s eyes were cold as he met Chi Hongying’s punch with his fist.

Everyone was shocked! All of them thought that Azari was a ruthless person. In order to save his life, he actually used his fist of flesh and blood to block a weapon!

However, before anyone could react, the sound of metal clashing suddenly rang out.

Chi Hongying’s brass knuckles suddenly split into two. A curved bone blade with a hint of bone appeared between Azari’s fingers. The curved bone blade suddenly appeared between Azari’s fingers and blocked Chi Hongying’s dagger. However, it was extremely sharp.

Chi Hongying’s push dagger was directly cut off.

This change was too sudden. Not only were the spectators extremely surprised, but Chi Hongying was also very surprised.

However, Azari did not stop moving. The curved bone blade that suddenly appeared stabbed into Chi Hongying’s chest. The curved bone blade broke through Chi Hongying’s battle uniform armor easily.

Blood spurted instantly.

A savage look surged from Azari’s eyes. He moved his fist and palm, intending to crazily turn the curved bone blade that had already pierced into Chi Hongying’s chest. He wanted to severely injure or kill Chi Hongying on the spot.

However, Chi Hongying became even more ferocious the moment the bone blade entered her body. She was stunned for a moment, but she did not stop moving. In an instant, Chi Hongying’s brass knuckles smashed into Azari’s neck. The broken push dagger did not stay idle. It slashed toward Azari’s wrist.