Chapter 165 - I'M Not Playing Anymore (1)

Chapter 165: I’m Not Playing Anymore (1)

On the referee’s stand, He Cai glared at Xu Tui. His eyes were filled with anger. He was so angry that he wanted to kill Xu Tui.

He was a referee! He was a professor from the prestigious New India Genetic Evolution College! He, a powerful Genetic Evolver, had been fooled by a student from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College!

That was right. He had completely figured it out. That flying sword had created such a huge commotion just to attract his attention. He had been fooled by Xu Tui in front of the entire world.

...

At this moment, the entire Blue Star had viewers who were watching this battle through various channels. It was not an exaggeration to say that.

This was a disgrace! When he returned to the India Sector, he would be mocked by others.

If this was the India Sector, He Cai would have found an opportunity to kill this student who dared to toy with him in front of the entire world after today’s actual combat. Unfortunately, this was Huaxia.

Huaxia had the best security in Blue Star. He was in the capital of the Huaxia Sector, the Capital. Even if he had ten guts, he would not dare to mess around in the capital.

However, He Cai hated Xu Tui to the core.

At the leader’s seat, the faces of the relevant personnel from the India Sector were extremely dark. In the four battles, they lost three rounds. Two of the participants were killed on the spot. On the other hand, the Huaxia Sector had only lost one participant. Their advantage was obvious.

The officials from the Huaxia Sector still had faint smiles on their faces. They were happy, but they didn’t show that in front of everyone.

It was infuriating!

However, Xu Tui’s performance still amazed them. Those who could sit in that position were either old foxes or wise people. They had long understood that Xu Tui’s extremely powerful flying sword’s goal was to attract the attention of the referee, He Cai.

It had to be known that in such an actual battle, especially since India Sector had used such a shameless method where a third-year student had used the name of a second-year student to fight. Under such circumstances, it would not be easy to win, not to mention killing his opponent. That was basically impossible.

As casualties began to appear in the actual combat competition, the referees on duty on both sides were doing their best to guard against them. They were trying to protect the lives of their students without affecting the actual combat competition.

Therefore, He Cai was able to intervene immediately and block Xu Tui’s flying sword.

However, Xu Tui, a student, had even considered the reaction of the referee outside the arena. He had made use of this opportunity to arrange a battle plan. He had killed Saluka in one fell swoop with the intervention of the referee outside the arena.

A second-year student of the New India Genetic Evolution College who was actually a third-year student, and was also a Level E genetic mutant.

“This student is very intelligent. Not only is he strong, but he’s also very smart. I saw from the information that he’s only a freshman, right? Your Huaxia Genetic Evolution College has nurtured a good seedling.” An official from the Huaxia Genetic Committee praised him on the spot.

“He is a good seedling, but it will take some time for him to fully mature.” Wen Xinglun, the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, was very satisfied with Xu Tui’s performance today. He had schemed against the referee outside the arena and took the opportunity to kill Saluka. This move was really amazing.

“Not bad indeed.” Vice-Chairman Lu, who was also a member of the Huaxia Genetic Committee and the vice-chairman of the Genetic Research Institute, was also full of praise. “He has brains and spirituality. His mind power is also very strong. His talent should also be very powerful. Whose student is he? I want to take him in.”

Vice-Chairman Lu of the Genetic Research Institute was not speaking without thinking. Not only was he a member of the Huaxia Genetic Committee, but he was also the vice-chairman of the Genetic Research Institute. He had also been a part-time professor at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He would occasionally come to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College to give lectures to the senior students. He rarely brought students along.

Normally, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College would definitely approve of him teaching students.

At this moment, Vice-Chairman Lu’s words really showed his appreciation for talent.

However, Wen Xinglun, the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, smiled when he heard that.

“Old Lu, I’m afraid it’s too late for you to appreciate talent.”

“It’s already too late? Has he been specially recruited? Tell me, which brat recruited him? I’ll go look for him.”

Vice-Chairman Lu did not really want to accept Xu Tui as his student. However, Wen Xinglun’s words made him a little angry. He wanted to show off his powerful influence. The professors of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were all Lu Guanqing’s juniors.

“The one who specially recruited this student is An Xiaoxue from Research Institute Number 14,” Wen Xinglun looked at Lu Guanqing and said with a smile.

Lu Guanqing’s expression immediately twisted abnormally when he heard the words ‘Research Institute No. 14’ and ‘An Xiaoxue’. Actually, it was because he was too forgetful. The last time he called An Xiaoxue, he did not care about the name of the student that An Xiaoxue mentioned.

Lu Guanqing laughed dryly and said, “He’s An Xiaoxue’s specially-recruited student. It looks like he has already produced some results. I’m getting old. I can’t go around picking peaches!”

“Hahahaha!” Principal Wen Xinglun also chuckled. After he finished laughing, Wen Xinglun suddenly said, “Old Lu, to be honest, I have the same thoughts as you.