Chapter 160 - The First Battle Of Protection (2)

Chapter 160: The First Battle Of Protection (2)

At the very least, he did not have to make one big round towards this question.

“Of course, there’s a reason.”

“What’s the reason? Can you reveal it?” The potential of a reporter made Wen Jianlan realize the reason for this urgent interview.

...

Xu Tui did not answer immediately. Instead, he opened his personal communication device and opened the Weibo page of Haruji, who was in the special Weibo circle.

“Professor Haruji has been challenging Miss An Xiaoxue from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College in the special Weibo circle every day for the past few days. Have you paid attention to this matter?”

The moment Xu Tui said that, Haruji, who was opposite him, suddenly looked over. He did not expect Xu Tui to mention this on the stage.

Wen Jianlan was also very surprised. Xu Tui’s answer was too surprising. However, the genetic newcomers were very resilient now, so it did not matter.

“I know. This is a topic that has occupied the first four days of popularity in the special Weibo circle. Unfortunately, Professor An Xiaoxue did not respond to the challenge,” Wen Jianlan replied.

“My teacher is injured. I don’t know if she will fight or not. However, as a freshman, I came to participate in this actual combat exchange. I participated as Professor An Xiaoxue’s only student. I’m here to meet Professor Haruji’s student. I wonder if Professor Haruji’s ability to teach students is better than his ability to scold people in the special Weibo circle,” Xu Tui said mockingly.

“Are you Professor An Xiaoxue’s only student? Professor An Xiaoxue is injured?” Wen Jianlan was shocked.

On the other side, Haruji raised his eyebrows. The way he looked at Xu Tui suddenly became extremely fierce. He did not know about Xu Tui’s identity.

“Indeed.” After answering, Xu Tui suddenly opened a special Weibo post in front of Wen Jianlan. “I’ll post on Weibo first. Is that okay?”

“Please feel free.”

Xu Tui thought for a moment and changed the name of his Weibo account. He had registered it too casually.

Xu Tui Did Not Retreat.

He thought about it and felt that it was not a good idea. He changed his name.

Xu Improvement Xu Tui.

Xu Tui felt that he should just use his real name. Then, he started posting on Weibo. It was accompanied by two pictures.

One of the pictures was of An Xiaoxue’s iconic side profile with a mask on. The other picture was of An Xiaoxue’s injured finger that Xu Tui had secretly taken.

An Xiaoxue was not willing to defend herself. She had her own considerations. However, it was naturally different if it was done by a student like Xu Tui. Of course, he was mainly angry at the outrageous comments online. He wanted to clear An Xiaoxue’s name. At the same time, he also wanted to retaliate against Haruji, regardless of whether An Xiaoxue would fight or not.

“Protect the Goddess of Masks, in the name of An Xiaoxue’s student, the first battle!”

At the same time, Xu Tui added a third picture. The third picture was of the Longhu Arena. It showed Azari’s side profile. He tapped lightly and posted.

Wen Jianlan looked at Xu Tui and asked curiously, “I understand the content. Why is your online name Xu Improvement Xu Tui? Is there a story behind it?”

“The original name my mother gave me was Xu Improvement. My father said that it was too strong and easy to die. In my family, such major matters usually listened to my father. Lastly, my nickname is Xu Improvement, and my name is Xu Tui.”

“Xu Tui, you can advance, but you can’t retreat? Are you very strong?” Wen Jianlan suddenly smiled. The student in front of her was quite interesting.

“Yes, it’s very suitable for today.” Xu Tui looked across the room.

At this moment, Wen Jianlan’s earpiece rang with the announcement that asked her to control the time of the interview. She smiled. “Since that’s the case, I wish you success! I wish you the best!” Wen Jianlan took the initiative to shake hands with Xu Tui, signaling that the interview was over.

Next, she had to interview Azari politely.

Xu Tui turned around and looked in the direction of the Genetic Research Institute. He remembered how well An Xiaoxue treated him. This was the only thing he could do for An Xiaoxue at the moment.

Two to three minutes after Wen Jianlan interviewed Azari, Xu Tui’s personal communication device suddenly beeped. He took a look and saw that there were notifications of people following him, liking him, and commenting on his Weibo.

Xu Tui set his communication device to silent mode. He did not want it to affect the battle.

“All combatants, get ready.”

The interview ended. As Wen Jianlan left the venue, Qu Qingshan’s voice rang out.

Xu Tui slowly got into position.

Azari, who was opposite him, was about to step out of his resting position and take his place when Haruji suddenly stepped forward and gestured for Azari to lean forward.

Azari leaned toward him. Haruji said two words in a voice that only Azari could hear. “Kill him!” He nodded heavily and strode to the standard combat distance.

“Get ready!”

“Start!”

The battle instantly began.

The moment it started, Xu Tui’s flying sword and the three Alloy Silver Pills that he had prepared earlier instantly flew out.

In terms of attacking, Xu Tui’s flying sword and the Alloy Silver Pill had unparalleled speed.

The flying sword and the three Alloy Silver Pills circled in the air and let out a shrill sound as they shot towards Azari at close range!

To be honest, at a distance of ten meters, even if there was a spiral acceleration, the flying sword or the Alloy Silver Pill would not be able to create the greatest lethality at the first moment.

Azari’s expression was solemn as he looked at the flying sword that was flying toward him.