Chapter 163 - Leave Of Absence

Chapter 163: Leave Of Absence

The person who walked into the ring was a young man with thick eyebrows. He had a medium build and was holding four bottles of mineral water.

“His name is Saluka. He’s from the Mystery Branch. He’s probably a water-type superb individual.” Cui Xi made a preliminary judgment.

“I’m going over.”

...

Xu Tui was about to return to the arena when he was stopped by the teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong.

“Don’t rush. Wait a little longer.”

“Teacher, what are we waiting for?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled.

“Our Huaxia Sector is not easy to fool. Up until now, we are not the only ones who did not manage to find any information on the two new participants in the India Sector. The India Sector did not report the information of these two students. We can’t let them fool us like this. The school has already issued a strict statement.” Hu Nanzhong said.

“That’s true. If they don’t have any clear information and send a third-year or even fourth-year student to participate in the actual combat, wouldn’t we be doomed? The current path of genetic evolution, especially for students in school, would also improve and grow tremendously in an additional year. It’ll be a little difficult for me to become a Level D genetic mutant in another year, but it shouldn’t be a problem for me to become a Level E genetic mutant, right?” Cui Xi said.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. He did not immediately step onto the arena and observe the situation.

Soon, the requirements of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were announced to the India Sector’s exchange team.

The exchange team from the India Sector did not respond immediately. Therefore, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College directly reported this issue to the chief referee, Park Gwang-won, who had been invited from the Huaxia Genetic Committee. He was a member of the Huaya Genetic Committee from the Korean Star District.

Since the India Sector did not give an explanation, the chief referee, Park Gwang-won, turned on the microphone and asked Saluka who had just gone on stage.

“Saluka, I’m the chief referee of this exchange competition. I’m Park Gwang-won. According to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, they didn’t find any information about you in the public information of the second-year students of the New India Genetic Evolution College.

“Based on the information you provided so far, they didn’t find any information about you in the New India Genetic Evolution College. Therefore, it is currently impossible to confirm that you are a sophomore at the New India Genetic Evolution College. Please explain the situation on the spot. Otherwise, please step down and switch to another candidate.”

The chief referee, Park Gwang-won, was very unyielding and went by the rules.

Saluka was not nervous at all about this question. “That’s because my full name is more complicated. Please ask the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College to use the name Saluka Chinsai Mal.”

Clearly, the India Sector was already prepared for this question.

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College immediately searched for information on this name. They immediately found information about Saluka, but they discovered a new problem.

Saluka was enrolled into the New India Genetic Evolution College in June 2135. This year was 2137. A group of second-year students like Cui Xi had entered the school in 2136. That meant that Saluka was actually a third-year student at the New India Genetic Evolution College.

This discovery made the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College raise a protest to the chief referee, Park Gwang-won, on the spot and request for a replacement. Using a third-year student to participate in a second-year combat exchange, how shameless could they be?

“Saluka, the information shows that you entered the New India Genetic Evolution College in 2135 to study. Based on the time, you should be a third-year student now. The candidates for this combat exchange competition were limited to second-year students. Please give a reasonable explanation. Otherwise, you need to step down immediately and change your candidate. Furthermore, we will issue a stern warning and public reprimand for the fraudulent behavior of the exchange delegation of India Sector.” The chief referee’s tone became very stern.

“Honorable Chief referee, I did enter the New India Genetic Evolution College in 2135 to study. However, in September 2135, I had an accident during my cultivation. This accident caused me to be bedridden for nine months, causing my studies to be interrupted. It was also because of this accidental injury that I took a year off from school. Well, in layman’s terms, I was retained. That’s why I’m currently still a sophomore at the New India Genetic Evolution College,” Saluka explained.

This explanation made all the spectators a little silly!

Damn, he could even say that! He took a year off and was retained! Then, the third year would become the second year! It was perfect!

“F*ck them. Can these Hindustani have some shame?” Cui Xi, who heard the explanation, was furious and cursed on the spot.

At the same time, the special Weibo circle also cursed the India Sector for being shameless.

Haruji’s Weibo was flooded with comments almost instantly. They were all calling him shameless!

It was also at this moment that Haruji, the teacher-in-charge of the exchange team in the India Sector of the inner court, suddenly took out a fax and electronic file that had been printed on the spot and sent it to the chief referee, Park Gwang-won.

“We didn’t notice this problem previously, so we urgently contacted the country to fill in the information of the two new students we replaced.

“The two students who participated in the battle had taken a year off from school due to their injuries. Currently, they were indeed second-year students of the New India Genetic Evolution College.

“Of course, if the chief referee still needs further evidence, such as videos and the original information, we can provide it. However, it will take a little time,” Haruji said with a normal expression.

The chief referee, Park Gwang-won, flipped through the documents but did not say anything. With his eyesight, he could tell at a glance that the information was fake. Otherwise, why didn’t they provide it and explain it earlier? Only after the request of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College that they provide the information of these two students who had taken a leave of absence?

This was premeditated and shameless!

However, Park Gwang-won was already used to it. This was the usual practice of the India Sector. Now, it would depend on the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s reaction.

Park Gwang-won handed the information sent by Haruji to the staff of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. There was no need to look at the information. The situation was already very clear.

The next step would depend on the attitude of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“These Hindustani people are f*cking shameless. Raw data and videos? F*ck them, they could get a complete set of information in 15 minutes with the current technology.” Cui Xi cursed.

“So they’re using a third-year student to impersonate a second-year student?” Xu Tui said.

“Definitely. It was premeditated. Otherwise, why would he change it at the last minute? I think it’s very likely that they changed it at the last minute because the video of your flying sword was leaked,” Cui Xi said.

“No, this is their usual trick. It was premeditated. It wasn’t an impromptu plan yesterday,” said the teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong.

“Teacher, in that case, can we also choose a third-year senior to fight at the last minute? As for the issue of qualifications, it’s just a matter of time to fake a leave of absence from school.” Xu Tui suddenly smiled.

“In theory, it’s possible. It’s feasible, but I don’t think so.” Hu Nanzhong shook his head with a smile.

“Why?” Xu Tui was a little confused.

“Because we are Huaxia!” Cui Xi’s eyes were filled with fanaticism. “Because the Hindustani did this, that’s why they’re the Hindustani of Blue Star! And we are Huaxia! Also, everyone knew very well that Hindustani had cheated in this combat exchange. He had used a third-year student to participate in the combat exchange between second-year students.

“Under such circumstances, if the second-year students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College defeated the bunch of idiots from the India Sector and suppressed them, how impressive would that be! It’s definitely the most devastating blow to them!”

At this point, the fighting spirit in Cui Xi’s eyes rose. He suddenly said to Xu Tui, “Xu Tui, why don’t you come down for this battle? It’s my turn!”

“Yes, Cui Xi’s analysis is very normal. Moreover, if we were to fight with the India Sector over the matter of leave of absence, it would be purely a verbal battle. It would be meaningless. If the war of words continued, the other sectors would look down on us.

“On the contrary, we might as well ignore whether he’s taking a leave of absence or not. No matter who comes, we’ll directly suppress them. This is the true style of our Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.”

At this point, Hu Nanzhong’s expression suddenly changed. He turned to Xu Tui and said seriously, “Xu Tui, I’ll say it again. You’re only a freshman. There’s no need for you to take the risk. The other party did not send people according to logic. They must have the intention to kill you. I suggest you step down and we’ll replace you. You’ve already won one battle and killed Azari. That’s enough!”

Cui Xi looked at Xu Tui expectantly. At this moment, he really hoped that Xu Tui would step down. It was his turn!

“Brother Cui, wait a little longer.” Xu Tui patted Cui Xi’s shoulder and put the Explosive Silver Pills and the Alloy Silver Pills into his pocket. “I have to try such expensive Explosive Silver Pills.”

Xu Tui turned around and stepped onto the combat arena. He slowly walked to his standard combat position and stood still.

Cui Xi looked at Xu Tui, who was on stage, and then at Hu Nanzhong. He suddenly said, “Although this junior is a little arrogant, he is not bad. I like him!”

Hu Nanzhong looked at Xu Tui, who was on the stage, and did not say anything. Instead, he said to Cui Xi, “You should prepare well as well. The other third-year student will be your opponent. You will face a fierce battle.”

At the same time, Xu Tui received an emergency message on his communication device. It was from the Academic Affairs Office of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. It contained all the information about Saluka that the Academic Affairs Office had found.

Saluka was a mysterious ice-type superb individual. He had officially broken through to the genetic mutation realm 15 months ago and became a Genetic Mutant. A month ago, he was officially certified as a Level E genetic mutant!

In terms of combat strength, he was strong in both offense and defense. He was good at ice shields, ice spikes, ice spears, and ice pits. As long as he had a little water as a guide, he would be able to fight continuously.

After reading the information, Xu Tui suddenly looked at the four bottles of mineral water that Saluka was holding.

At this moment, Saluka had already unscrewed all four bottles of mineral water. Three of the bottles were placed around him. A bottle was placed every one meter. He was holding a bottle in his hand.

This was the water mentioned in the information.

According to the information, with water, Saluka’s continuous combat ability was extremely strong!

Xu Tui’s eyes flickered as he thought about the battle plan.

Although the participants from both sides were already in position, the referee did not announce the start of the battle. He was still waiting for the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s final statement regarding Saluka’s leave of absence.