Chapter 166 - I'M Not Playing Anymore (2)

Chapter 166: I’m Not Playing Anymore (2)

“I wanted to recruit Xu Tui under my name as a student. Unfortunately, I was too late.”

Lu Guanqing smiled. “Looks like we’re in the same boat. We don’t have a chance!”

“No!” Wen Xinglun looked at Lu Guanqing. “The one who doesn’t have a chance is you, Old Lu. This Xu Tui, whether he is an ordinary student or a specially recruited student by An Xiaoxue, he’s still a student of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. As long as he’s a student of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, he’ll be a student of mine, Wen Xinglun, no matter where he goes!”

...

As he spoke, Wen Xinglun looked at Vice-Chairman Lu with a sharp gaze.

Lu Guanqing’s expression darkened. He could tell that Wen Xinglun was reminding him, warning him.

Wen Xinglun naturally knew that he had been eyeing Research Institute Number 14. He was using Xu Tui as an excuse to warn him not to go overboard.

“Do you think this student will continue to defend the arena or will he leave the arena?” Lu Guanqing suddenly pointed at the combat arena.

“There’s no prize if you guess correctly. It’s better not to guess,” Wen Xinglun teased.

Lu Guanqing could not help but laugh. The casual conversation ended just like that.

On the combat arena, the medical team went on stage. After performing various vital signs tests, they announced that Saluka was dead. There was no possibility of resuscitation. Just like Azari, his brain tissue had been destroyed. No one could save him from such an injury.

This time, Haruji, the teacher-in-charge of the India Sector, did not even go up to the arena. He allowed Saluka to be carried out in a corpse bag. He only stared at Xu Tui, who was standing in the combat arena, with an extremely cold gaze.

Xu Tui met Haruji’s gaze without fear.

Haruji hated him to the core! He pointed at Xu Tui with his finger and gestured with his mouth. “Just you wait. I’ll kill you in the next battle!”

The Huaxia Sector had become stronger over the years, and the popularity of the Huaxia language had increased. The Huaxia Language Level 6 exam had become one of the ultimate nightmares of countless students on the Blue Star.

Xu Tui understood what he said. He let out a cold laugh. He once again used his personal communication device to take a picture on the combat arena. He did not take a front-facing photo of Haruji out of privacy considerations.

However, he took a photo of Haruji’s angry expression as he turned around. He even pixelated it.

“In the name of An Xiaoxue’s student, victory! Killed again! Professor Haruji’s student really can’t make it!”

At the same time, Xu Tui also circled Haruji on his special Weibo. He sent the picture along with the text. Almost at the same time that the post was sent, comments and likes flooded in. He did not even look at it before he quickly closed his special Weibo. He was still in the arena. He would slowly savor it when he got back tonight.

Xu Tui made a small circle around the arena before he retrieved the silver pill that had fallen to the ground. One of the Explosive Silver Pills had been consumed, and the other two were taken away by Saluka’s corpse. Fortunately, the school provided him with a backup.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would have to consider whether or not he should take advantage of the popularity to beg for some silver alloy pills. Of course, he felt that it was better for him to have some dignity. After all, he had just become a person with fans.

In the inner area where the India Sector’s battle personnel were, Haruji was calling a young man over to him. He was instructing him on the battle plans and strategies.

This young man was no one else. It was the other person chosen by the two people who had been temporarily replaced by the exchange delegation this morning.

Xu Tui had already killed Saluka in the arena. The remaining one was Rankhan.

According to the India Sector, Rankhan had taken a year off because he was seriously injured in the martial arts competition. Therefore, he was actually still a second-year student.

Currently, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College does not have much information on Rankhan. They only knew that he was an Extreme Branch Cultivator. He was also a Level E genetic mutant.

However, judging from Rankhan’s previous status in the exchange visit group, he was still above Saluka, who had been killed. It was very likely that he was the strongest person in the India Sector’s exchange delegation team.

At this moment, Haruji, whose anger had accumulated to the extreme, had decided to let Rankhan take the field early.

This was not a decision that was made under anger. On the contrary, even though he was extremely angry, Haruji was still extremely calm.

Xu Tui’s winning streak was too ferocious. Someone had to end it. Sending other people up was very likely to be a way for Xu Tui to achieve his goals. At this moment, he could only let Rankhan fight.

Although this was not in line with the strategy they had planned, it was the best choice for now. At the same time, this was also the only chance to kill Xu Tui and avenge Azhari and Saluka. Otherwise, Haruji would not be able to vent his anger.

Clearly, the India Sector had already decided on a candidate, but they had yet to let him go on stage.

Haruji was working out the final tactics with Rankhan. It could not be helped. Xu Tui’s performance was more shocking with each match.

On the other side, the teacher-in-charge of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and Cui Xi arrived at the edge of the arena again.

“Xu Tui, you’re too handsome. You played too well in this battle. You even calculated the opponent’s referee.” Cui Xi had an excited expression. He instantly became Xu Tui’s new fan.

“Xu Tui, we do not have much information on Rankhan at the moment. Rankhan has always kept a low profile in the New India Genetic Evolution College, but his results are very dazzling. When he’s still a Level C Genetic Liberator, he killed a Level F Genetic Mutant from the Mystery Branch! I haven’t found out his specific abilities yet. If you fight later, you will definitely…”

“Mr. Hu, wait a moment.”

Hu Nanzhong, who was giving Xu Tui an intelligence report, was suddenly interrupted by Xu Tui.

“What’s wrong?” Hu Nanzhong was a little puzzled.

“Mr. Hu, I didn’t say that I would continue to defend the ring,” Xu Tui said.

“Huh?” Hu Nanzhong looked surprised, but then he laughed. “Look at me. I was affected by your persistence in the last battle and forgot to ask you. You’ve already won two matches in a row. If you take a break now, you can still fight again later. You can also maintain your deterrence against them. It’s better for you to leave the arena.”

After saying that, Hu Nanzhong suddenly asked with concern, “How is it? You didn’t suffer any internal injuries, right? Do you want the medical team to come over?”

“I don’t have any internal injuries.” Xu Tui shook his head. “It’s mainly because I used up a lot of my mind power in the battle just now. If I force myself into the next battle, it will be very dangerous once I use up all of my mind power. I’ll rest outside the arena first.”

Xu Tui was telling the truth.

The mental chain and mental whip attack just now had consumed a large amount of his mind power. Coupled with the consumption from the two high-intensity battles, the total amount of mind power had decreased to 50%.

Although he could still fight, Xu Tui still felt that he should get off the stage and rest for a while. He could not risk his life when he had an extra choice. Otherwise, wouldn’t Cui Xi and the other second-year students be worried?

“Alright, you can get off the stage and rest then.” Cui Xi was excited upon Hu Nanzhong’s words.

Suddenly, Xu Tui looked in Haruji’s direction and said with a smile, “Mr. Hu, actually, I took the initiative to get off the arena to anger him. Didn’t he try his best to send out his strongest student to kill me in the arena? I’ll go down the arena now. I’m not playing anymore. He’ll be hopping mad!”

With a smile, Xu Tui jumped off the arena and walked toward the resting area.

Almost at the same time, a student from Haruji’s side saw the scene on the stage and reminded him. Haruji suddenly turned around and saw Xu Tui’s back as he walked toward the rest area. In the next moment, he was so angry that he jumped on the spot like a monkey!

Damn it! He was prepared to send his final trump card onto the stage and kill Xu Tui at all costs. However, Xu Tui had directly left the arena.

It was simply… It felt like he had taken off his pants. Then…

At this moment, Haruji was so angry that he wanted to kill someone. He tore the towel in his hand into pieces. This was too infuriating! Xu Tui had won two matches in a row and killed two of his favorite students. He was prepared to kill Xu Tui for revenge. But Xu Tui suddenly stopped playing.

He was about to explode! Haruji felt like he was about to go crazy from anger. What was worse was that how were they supposed to play this game? As long as they sent people from the India Sector, they would have to be wary of Xu Tui. In the blink of an eye, the candidates of the India Sector were placed in an extremely passive position.

“Damn it, damn it, he’s too bad!”

The students participating in the actual combat exchange in the India Sector were also collectively dumbfounded.

Was he trying to destroy their rhythm?