Chapter 162 - Information

Chapter 162: Information

The emergency medical team at the scene immediately rushed onto the arena. The life detection device drew a large line. After a careful examination, the doctor gave the final answer.

“The brain tissue has been destroyed. There’s no possibility of resuscitation.”

Even though Haruji and He Cai had long known the answer, their hearts went cold when they heard the doctor announce Azari’s death. Haruji, in particular, suddenly raised his head. He stared at Xu Tui like a venomous snake.

...

“Was the Black Crown Queen Bee used on you?” Haruji stared at Xu Tui and asked.

Qu Qingshan had already set up a mental barrier in front of Xu Tui on the referee’s duty platform. He was afraid that Haruji would go berserk on the spot and attack Xu Tui without regard for anything else.

Qu Qingshan’s worries and preparations were not without reason. It was because the people from the India Sector often crossed some of their bottom lines. They were extremely self-centered, so they had to be wary.

Xu Tui did not answer Haruji’s question. Instead, he faced Haruji’s murderous gaze and smiled. “Professor Haruji, it seems that your ability to teach students is far inferior to your ability to scold people on Weibo!”

As soon as he said that, Haruji stared straight at Xu Tui. He pursed his lips tightly. His already high cheekbones became even taller and more ferocious. He smoothed out Azari’s angry eyes with his hand and turned to leave the arena. He allowed the medical staff to carry Azari into the corpse bag.

At the leaders’ seats, the officials from the Huaxia Sector who were present all had extremely faint smiles on their faces. All of them looked like they were very satisfied, but because of their manners, they did not show it.

On the contrary, the officials of the India Sector, including the diplomats, did not look too good.

The India Sector’s exchange delegation this time had swept through half of the Huaya Sector before this. For example, the Korean Star Sector and the Yamato Sector that formed the Huaya Sector had been swept by the exchange delegation from the India Sector.

Their final target was the Huaxia Sector.

The Blue Star Genetic Committee’s triennial extraterrestrial meeting was about to begin. The exchange delegation of the India Sector was actually fighting for the right to speak for the India Sector during the upcoming triennial extraterrestrial meeting of the Blue Star Genetic Committee.

The Great Genetic Age had just begun a hundred years ago. Due to the backward space technology and the difference in national strength, the India Sector had lost a lot of benefits on the intergalactic battlefield.

However, in the past hundred years, the huge population base of the India Sector had given them an opportunity to overtake their opponents. This was also the reason why the India Sector had become more and more active over the years. It was also because of this that the less populous Korean Star Sector and Yamato Sector were almost wiped out by the India Sector.

However, they suffered a huge loss at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Azari, who had set a five-game winning streak in the Korean Star Sector and the Yamato Sector, was killed on the spot. This result was not only very painful, it was also a slap in the face. If they could not salvage this situation, the results of their exchange visit would be thrown back to their original positions at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

On the stage, Xu Tui took another photo of Haruji’s angry back as he watched him leave. He then posted it on Weibo.

“Protect An Xiaoxue, the first battle. Killed! Victory!”

There were not many cheers outside the arena. Of course, the audience was not unhappy. Instead, it would be too inhumane for them to cheer after someone died in the India Sector. The students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were still very cultured.

At the same time, they were shocked. The shock of witnessing the arena battle was too great.

However, the internet, especially the special Weibo circle, had gone crazy. The video of Xu Tui killing Azari, which had been broadcasted live, had almost been posted by lots of people.

“Xu Tui is too dangerous. His flying sword actually lost control and sank into the ground…”

“Previous poster, are you blind? He’s clearly deliberately using a flying sword to confuse the enemy’s attention. Silver Pill, the Silver Pill is the real killer move…”

Xu Tui only took a casual glance. He was still on the stage and did not have the time to look at this.

In the battle with Azari just now, the flying sword had indeed become a tool to attract his attention. Most of Azari’s attention had been focused on Xu Tui’s flying sword since he stepped onto the stage. He must have studied the video of Xu Tui’s challenge yesterday.

Since they valued Xu Tui’s flying sword so much, he had to give them a surprise.

The moment the flying sword flew back, Xu Tui severed the mental chain from the flying sword and re-linked it to the Alloy Silver Pill that had flown out earlier so as to achieve the one-hit kill.

Xu Tui felt a little happy after posting a special Weibo post. However, this was not the time to look at Weibo, so he turned his phone off. The moment he turned it off, he saw that the number of notifications for new fans had increased to 9,999+.

He had over ten thousand fans so quickly? Would he be able to earn a small sum of money from a commercial if he accumulated more fans? What a way to make money!

On the India Sector’s side, Haruji was gathering the students for an emergency meeting. The choice of the next candidate was extremely difficult for them.

Xu Tui had a flying sword for long-range attacks and a mental whip for close combat. However, this mental attack was the weakness of ordinary extreme-type cultivators. Therefore, choosing the next candidate was very difficult.

Moreover, with Haruji’s personality, it was impossible for him to only deal with one battle. He would definitely carefully select students who could kill Xu Tui.

According to the rules, the India Sector had a maximum of 15 minutes to discuss and confirm.

At this moment, Cui Xi and the teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong, walked over and gestured for Xu Tui to go over.

Xu Tui did not go over immediately. He quickly ran to the deep pit on the ground in front of him and did one thing—pull out his Flying Sword. But it was too deep. It was at least three meters into the ground. He could not even pull it.

According to this stupid method, he would probably have to find an excavator or a drill to break open the ground.

Xu Tui was quite intelligent. His mind power instantly landed on the flying sword that had sunk deep into the ground. He also placed his mental chain on it and slowly exerted strength. It was like a pair of big hands slowly lifting the flying sword up.

The beginning was the most difficult. After struggling a little, the difficulty was greatly reduced. A few seconds later, there was a slight sound of something breaking through the air. The flying sword flew out and circled around before landing in Xu Tui’s hand.

Xu Tui’s heart ached. The sword had pierced through the ground just now. Even if the flying sword was not damaged, there would definitely be a scratch. However, when he wiped off the dust, he realized that the flying sword was as smooth as new. He did not lose anything.

Then, Xu Tui picked up the shattered silver pill and suddenly looked in the direction of the medical team.

Azari’s body had been placed in a body bag and placed on a cart to be sent to the rear. He suddenly remembered the Alloy Silver Pill that was still in Azari’s head. That was a seven-gram pill. It was worth 14 contribution points and 70,000 yuan.

At that moment, Xu Tui had the urge to chase after them. But after thinking about it, he still did not go. If he really did that, the people from the India Sector would probably explode on the spot.

He had lost a five-gram pill and a seven-gram silver pill in the battle. He had won. But his heart ached. More importantly, he still had eight silver pills left. He wondered if he had enough for the next battle.

Xu Tui had used six silver pills in his battle with Azari.

“Xu Tui, you did well. You did well.”

Cui Xi had an excited expression. The first thing he did when he came over was to praise Xu Tui.

“You did win beautifully, but Xu Tui, Haruji probably hates you to the core at this moment. The candidate sent out in the next battle might have even more strength and the confidence to kill you. My suggestion is that you go down. You won, and you’ve killed one person, it’s enough!” The teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong, said.

“Is that an order?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s just my personal suggestion as a teacher,” Hu Nanzhong said.

“Then I choose to continue fighting! Otherwise, wouldn’t I be inferior to Sister Hongying?” Xu Tui suddenly laughed when he said this. Although I know that if I don’t fight now, Haruji will definitely be so angry that he will suffer internal injuries, But I still want to fight. I’m confident.” Xu Tui was in high spirits.

Hu Nanzhong nodded.

“I’ll remind Qu Qingshan again to patrol the area with his mind power and protect you in time. Also, do you need this?”

Hu Nanzhong took out two bottles of medicine.

A bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir and a bottle of Level D Amine Stimulant.

Xu Tui had seen a Level D Amine Stimulant before. He had injected it into An Xiaoxue before and knew its effects. Usually, when one’s mind power was extremely depleted, they would be in an excited state after being injected. They could use this to recover a small amount of mind power.

Xu Tui did not need it.

“Do I have to pay?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Hu Nanzhong laughed. “You can use the benefits provided by the school, but you can’t take them away.” Hu Nanzhong saw through Xu Tui’s thoughts.

“Since it’s a benefit, I can’t waste it. It can replenish my stamina.”

Xu Tui took the Level E Energy Restoration Elixir and drank it. He would treat it as an energy reserve. Of course, if one was nervous during a battle, one’s physical strength would also be depleted.

“By the way, are there any other problems?” Hu Nanzhong asked.

When Hu Nanzhong asked this, Xu Tui quickly took out the alloy silver pills that he had lost. “Mr. Hu, one of them was taken away by Azari. Can I claim my losses? I lost more than 100,000 after this battle. It’s really…”

“You brat.” Hu Nanzhong smiled. “I’ve already said that the school will take care of all the losses during the actual combat exchange. Also, I’ve already considered your situation.”

At this moment, a staff member ran into the inner area, sweating profusely. He handed over a small bag.

“There are 10 seven-gram alloy silver pills and 10 seven-gram explosive silver pills. You can use them first. We’ll talk about the rest after the battle. Kid, don’t worry. Do you think the school will lack these resources?”

Cui Xi’s expression changed as he pointed behind Xu Tui.

“They have a candidate.”

Hu Nanzhong’s expression also changed.

“It’s one of the people they changed this morning. We haven’t found any information yet!”