Chapter 172 - How Did You Kill Him?

Chapter 172: How Did You Kill Him?

Xu Tui had taken the initiative to show that he had a mental perception and had convinced the teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong.

However, the teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong, was still very cautious.

“It’s one thing to have mental perception and you can sense Rankhan’s attack trajectory with it. However, do you have a complete battle plan?” Hu Nanzhong asked.

...

“Yes, I have.”

Since Xu Tui took the initiative to challenge the arena again, he naturally had a card up his sleeve. He would not joke around with his life.

Rankhan’s Instant Strike combination skill was something that could kill someone if it hit. He thought about the abilities that Xu Tui had displayed earlier. If he used them flexibly, he should be able to deal with Rankhan. However, he might have to put in some effort.

Hu Nanzhong knew very well that students like Xu Tui were extremely opinionated based on their previous combat performance.

Hu Nanzhong did not ask further about the battle plan.

“Then, the most important question is, is your reaction speed fast enough? Rankhan’s Instant Strike is too fast. If your reaction speed is not fast enough it will be useless even if you sense his attack trajectory. Is there 50 milliseconds?” Hu Nanzhong immediately thought of another crucial question.

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that.

“Mr. Hu, my reaction speed is currently 9 milliseconds. It might have been 8 milliseconds.”

Hu Nanzhong was stunned. He looked at Xu Tui in surprise. Whether it was 9 milliseconds or 8 milliseconds, this was a level that only second-year students could reach. The key was that there was no shortcut in terms of reaction speed. It required long-term training.

Many second-year students were close to 10 milliseconds. For example, 11 milliseconds and 13 milliseconds , some were not even close to 10 milliseconds.

At this level of reaction speed, every millisecond of improvement might require two to three weeks of training.

Xu Tui had only been in school for two months. Why was he so strong?

“A monstrous genius!” This thought suddenly appeared in Hu Nanzhong’s mind.

“In that case, I’m relieved. Also, Haruji and Rankhan must have a strong desire to kill you. Therefore, I would deliberately instruct Mr. Qu Qingshan, who was on duty, to intervene immediately if anything went wrong and end the battle. I would not hesitate to violate the rules.

The principal also said that the meaning of your survival is much greater than winning,” Hu Nanzhong said.

“Thank you, Mr. Hu.”

Xu Tui did not reject this arrangement. No one could be 100% sure that Haruji would not have any more hidden cards. There was nothing wrong with being careful.

Xu Tui slowly stepped onto the stage after putting on his armor. Although the protective ability of this body-part armor could not block Rankhan’s genetic bone blade, it could still block Rankhan’s short blade.

Below the stage, Gong Ling suddenly tightened her grip on Zuo Qingqing’s hand. She was obviously nervous.

When he saw Xu Tui go on stage, Haruji from the India Sector had a flash of excitement in his eyes. However, it was quickly replaced by worry. He quickly walked to Rankhan, who was resting with his eyes closed, and asked in a low voice.

“The Huaxia Sector has sent Xu Tui back into the arena. Do you have the confidence to kill him?” Haruji asked.

After thinking for a moment, Rankhan said, “I’m only 50% confident. In my current state, I can only use the Instantaneous Bone Blade Combination Technique once. If he dodged or broke it the first time, the probability of me killing him would greatly decrease.”

Haruji frowned.

“What if you inject the stimulant into your body? Would you be able to use the Instant Strike Combination Skill twice in a row? Killing Xu Tui with 50% confidence was not enough. I want you to be 80% or even 100% sure,” Haruji said.

“I need some time to recover. I need to temporarily fix the fractured ribs here. Then, with the help of analgesics and stimulants, I should be able to perform two Instant Strike Combination Skills in a row, but definitely not more than three times,” Rankhan said.

“In reality, using one Instant Strike combination skill is probably enough to kill Xu Tui. However, he still has the confidence to go on stage when your strength has been exposed. This means that he might have a way to restrain your Instant Strike. It might cause your first Instant Strike to fail. Therefore, you have at least two times. It would be best if you could use Instant Strike three times.

“Of course, it’s not just Instant Strike. As long as you can get close to Xu Tui, your chances of killing him will increase greatly.”

After some consideration, Haruji said, “Take a break in the arena first. You’ve already won two matches in a row. According to the rules, you can go on stage again. Hurry up and treat your broken ribs. I’ll buy you some time to recover.”

“Alright!”

Under everyone’s gaze, Rankhan, who was in the combat arena, actually turned around and got off the arena. He went straight to the medical emergency team to treat his injuries, shocking everyone in the audience.

They started to make guesses.

Was Rankhan too badly injured? Or was Haruji afraid? Or did he have other plans?

This time, the India Sector dragged out the selection process for a full 15 minutes before sending a student from the Extreme Branch.

The student from the Extreme Branch of the India Sector looked very nervous. As soon as he went on stage, he assumed a defensive posture.

He Cai, the referee of the India Sector, was also highly focused.

Xu Tui had killed two people in a row previously. He had even schemed against the referee once.

Therefore, He Cai was trying his best to protect his students. If the student was to be killed by Xu Tui in front of him again, he might not have the face to join the group anymore after he returned to the India Sector.

“Ready!”

“Start!”

The moment the match began, Xu Tui took the initiative to take a step forward. He shortened the distance between him and his opponent to about eight meters. Then, he lashed out with his mental chain and mental whip.

The flying sword and the silver pill also slashed over at the same time.

Amidst the earth-shattering screams, the student from India Sector fell to the ground. He covered his head and screamed.

The flying sword and the silver pill accelerated almost at the same time. Then, they attacked him from different directions. However, just as it was about to reach his body, both the flying sword and the silver pill were blocked by an invisible barrier and could not pierce through.

He Cai, the referee in charge of the India Sector, had already intervened. He did not let Xu Tui succeed in killing.

Everyone was shocked. He had defeated his enemy in one move. Xu Tui was still a first-year student. He had defeated a second-year student from the New India Genetic Evolution College.

Was this Xu Tui’s true strength?

Below the stage, the seniors from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College who had not gone on stage were also shocked. They were also considering a question. Could they withstand Xu Tui’s combination attack?

It did not take long to consider the answer. However, the answer was a little cruel…

The student from the India Sector convulsed on the ground for more than a minute before he recovered and was helped down the stage by his companion.

Without any suspense, Xu Tui won again.

Xu Tui, who had won again, had no intention of leaving the stage. Standing in the ring, he looked at Haruji from afar with a provocative expression.

In the inner court area of the India Sector, Rankhan’s ribs had been temporarily fixed and bandaged. There was even a strange flush on his cheeks and forehead.

At this moment, Rankhan felt very energetic. He wanted to completely vent the power in his body. His mind was also in an excited state.

That was the result of being injected with a Level D Amine Stimulant.

“Teacher, I feel that my condition is very good. If I don’t greatly affect my broken ribs, I can continue fighting.” Rankhan looked at Xu Tui, who was in the arena. His eyes were filled with killing intent and he was eager to fight.

“Wait another four minutes before you go on stage. Five minutes later, the effect of the Level D Amine Stimulant that you had just injected would reach its peak. At the same time, it would increase your condition in all aspects, including reducing the pain in your body.

“However, this all-rounded state will only last three minutes. After three minutes, the effect of the Level D Amine Stimulant would decrease from its peak. It would then maintain a regular state for an hour. Do you understand what I’m saying?” Haruji said to Rankhan.

“Attack within three minutes of the peak state of the Level D Amine Stimulant and end the battle within three minutes,” Rankhan said.

“Yes, that’s right. Most importantly, you must kill Xu Tui!” At this point, Haruji said, “I’ve already specially instructed He Cai, who is on duty, to intervene immediately if Xu Tui starts to attack and threatens your life. He will not hesitate to violate the rules. Even if we lose, we have to ensure your survival.”

“Thank you, Teacher. I will do my best to kill Xu Tui.” Rankhan was very touched. At the same time, he felt very relieved. This was because he could attack with all his might when his life was guaranteed. His only goal was to kill Xu Tui.

The four minutes were soon up. At Haruji’s signal, Rankhan slowly lifted.

This time, Rankhan did not hide anything. He lifted the 40-centimeter-long dagger with both hands. However, the 20-centimeter-long bone blade had already been activated between his fists. With four blades held together, Rankhan looked extremely ferocious at this moment.

On the contrary, Xu Tui, who was empty-handed, stood there like a little lamb.

However, everyone knew that Xu Tui was not a lamb, but a murderous tiger.

Xu Tui’s record of killing two people in a row on the battlefield today was unique.

“Ready!”

The judge’s voice rang out.

Outside the arena, both inside and outside the Internet, everyone was focused at this moment, waiting for the battle to begin.

Gong Ling, Zuo Qingqing, and the other students in the inner area all stood up with nervous expressions.

The silver-haired beauty wearing a mask who entered the guest area later was also looking at the arena nervously.

“Start!”

The moment the referee gave the order, Rankhan did not give Xu Tui a chance to use his mental whip. The hunched figure suddenly darted forward and instantly disappeared from everyone’s sight.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s eyes narrowed. His eyes, ears, mouth, and nose tensed up. That was a state where his mind power was pushed to the limit. Of course, he was not activating his mental perception.

The moment Rankhan stepped onto the stage, Xu Tui had activated his mind power to the maximum. He activated all his mind power to deal with Rankhan.

The moment Rankhan disappeared from everyone’s sight, he appeared in Xu Tui’s mental perception.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Three muffled sounds suddenly rang out a meter in front of Xu Tui.

Rankhan, who had just used Instant Strike to disappear, appeared with the three muffled sounds.

Rankhan, who had suddenly appeared, had already grown his left hand by more than 30 centimeters. He was about to attack and kill Xu Tui.

However, what was even stranger was Rankhan’s condition. He, who had appeared in from the Instant Strike, had already lost his eyeballs. It was replaced by two deep holes. There was blood, liquid, and even white and red liquid flowing out of the two holes.

There was also a finger-thick bloody hole in his heart.

Blood spurted out like a fountain!

The moment he appeared, Rankhan’s aura quickly dissipated. The genetic bone blades and genetic bone changes also dissipated in an instant.

He Cai, the referee on duty, was stunned. Everything in front of him felt extremely unreal.

Haruji looked at the arena as if he had been struck by lightning.

The audience outside the arena and the Internet were also dumbfounded.

Many people could not react in time.

How did Xu Tui kill Rankhan in that instant?