Chapter 179 - You Don'T Know Ah Huang Well Enough (2)

Chapter 179: You Don’t Know Ah Huang Well Enough (2)

Therefore, he was not afraid of them!

“Qingqing, the food in the canteen is very delicious. Let’s change to another canteen today. We’ll go to one with a small private room,” Gong Ling whispered.

“You helped him save money just like that.” Zuo Qingqing looked at Gong Ling with a faint smile and placed her hands on her waist.

...

Gong Ling was really considerate.

In the end, Gong Ling took the initiative and brought the two of them to the canteen in Block A of the dormitory. There was a small private room that required a slightly higher service fee.

The difference between the two girls’ appetite and Cheng Mo’s was like the difference between an ant and an elephant. They ordered seven or eight dishes, but they were all small portions. He spent less than 300 yuan, he had to finish most of the dishes too.

Xu Tui did not feel the pinch at all. This meal was worth it. However, he was not full.

After they parted ways, Xu Tui secretly went to the canteen he passed by and bought three sets of donkey meat. Only then was he 80% full. He had no choice. He was a young and strong man with a large appetite.

At the same time, Xu Tui packed two portions of vegetables and a portion of Boiled Prawns from the canteen. He then hopped onto his environmental protection bicycle and headed straight for Research Institute No. 14.

Xu Tui finally understood. An Xiaoxue basically treated the Research Institute Number 14 as her home. She did not seem to have cleaned up the single teacher dormitory in the school. She would only go to the office occasionally.

“Ah Huang, where’s Miss An? She haven’t eaten, right?” Xu Tui roared at the elevator as soon as he entered the elevator.

Over the past few days, Xu Tui had long understood that a high-level artificial intelligence like Ah Huang would be everywhere as long as he entered the scope of the Research Institute Number 14.

“Yo, you finally remembered our Xiaoxue after eating with your female classmates? Xiaoxue should be eating instant noodles now.”

Ah Huang’s voice was strange. Xu Tui frowned slightly when he heard it. However, he suddenly thought of a problem.

“Ah Huang, how did you know that I was eating with my classmates?” Xu Tui shouted at the tunnel.

However, there was no response.

“Ah Huang, get out here. What did you do to know what I did outside? You even know about my meals?” Xu Tui asked.

However, this time, Ah Huang realized that it had been exposed. It was completely pretending to be dead. No matter how Xu Tui shouted, it refused to come out.

“Ah Huang, I used my level one specialization right and ordered you to answer my question immediately.”

Then Ah Huang appeared. However, the voice did not belong to Ah Huang. It was a standard, programmed electronic voice.

“Supercomputer Ah Huang is on standby. Special Level One Authorization, Mr. Xu Tui, please give the order.”

“F*ck, move aside. Get that retard to come out!” Xu Tui had a depressed expression.

However, Xu Tui had already walked into the research hall of Research Institute No. 14. An Xiaoxue’s living area was next to the research hall.

An Xiaoxue was indeed cooking instant noodles. She even added two green vegetables for herself. It was considered a small process.

Xu Tui was a little speechless when he saw this. He quickly walked over.

Of course, it was not that An Xiaoxue was lazy. It was just that the Genetic Research Institute had a strict security system. Even if they ordered food, they would not be able to send it in. Therefore, An Xiaoxue often used fruits and convenient food to fill her stomach. Of course, she would do some small processing herself. She added an egg and some vegetables.

“Miss An, it’s not good for your health to eat convenient food all the time. I bought food for you.”

Xu Tui pushed the instant noodles that An Xiaoxue was about to eat to the side and placed the vegetables and prawns that he had packed on the table.

An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui. She did not say anything and started eating. Since there was delicious food, she naturally would not choose instant noodles.

However, in the next moment, An Xiaoxue was stunned. That was because she saw Xu Tui slurping on the instant noodles that she had cooked. He finished the bowl of instant noodles in no time.

“Didn’t you say that eating convenient food is bad for your health? Why did you eat it again?” An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui, who was wiping his mouth, with a surprised expression.

His eating speed was too fast. It was no different from pouring it in.

“Isn’t it already done? It would be a waste to throw it away. I feel that I’m still a little short of being full.” Xu Tui smiled and wiped his mouth. “Miss An, did the battle today affect your hand? Did it affect you? Also, I’ll help you deliver lunch in the future. Anyway, I’ll order takeaway after I’m done eating. It’ll take ten minutes to go back and forth. It’ll help with digestion,” Xu Tui said.

“You also watched the battle. Do you think it has any effect?” An Xiaoxue showed her bandaged hand with a relaxed expression.

“By the way, Miss An, why did your hair change color? Did it affect your body?” Actually, this was the question that Xu Tui had specially rushed over to Research Institute No. 14 to ask.

“It’s fine. It’s just an external sign that appears during a genetic mutation or evolution. This is a new ability I’ve developed.

“Okay, cultivate well. When you finish activating the third level, you can do it too. I’ve already helped you scout the way.” An Xiaoxue took a bite of the prawn. It was very sweet and refreshing. It was a taste she liked. It was delicious.

Xu Tui nodded. He suddenly looked up. “Then why is Ah Huang…”

“That’s because you don’t know Ah Huang well enough. Didn’t I tell you that Ah Huang is a supercomputer on the same level as the Shennong from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College? There were only a dozen of such supercomputers on the entire Blue Star. Ah Huang even had advanced artificial intelligence. Moreover, its main body is here, so you don’t have to be surprised that it has some abilities,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui did not really understand what she was saying.

An Xiaoxue’s main point was that Ah Huang was actually very powerful. Xu Tui did not know that it had many abilities.

With An Xiaoxue’s endorsement, Ah Huang, the high-level artificial retard, finally reappeared in front of Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, let me tell you, I am very powerful! I can enter the public cameras of the entire Huaxia Genetic Evolution College at any time. That fool, Shennong, only used a clone to govern the public system. How could he stop me?” Ah Huang’s voice was filled with pride.

“You can control the security cameras in the toilets, too. Do you watch all the time?”

Xu Tui threw out a question in a bad mood. It immediately made Ah Huang speechless, but it immediately spat out.

“Xu Tui, Xiaoxue is eating. Can you not be so disgusting?”

Xu Tui was speechless. He had been attacked!

“Xu Tui, you should have gained a lot from today’s battle. You did well in today’s battle, but you also did badly. After you return, you should reflect on yourself. You should watch the actual combat footage a few more times. Then, submit a detailed battle summary within three days to me. The summary of each battle cannot be less than 3,000 words.” An Xiaoxue suddenly gave Xu Tui his homework.

Xu Tui was speechless.

15,000 words! This amount of homework was really generous! But did he have a choice? He had no choice! Moreover, he had to do his homework.

Actually, Xu Tui would have reflected on the battle if An Xiaoxue had not given him this assignment. However, it would not be as solid as An Xiaoxue’s 15,000 words.

After leaving the Research Institute Number 14, Xu Tui immediately sent a message to Zhuang Ziqiang.

“Old Zhuang, let’s have dinner together tonight. My treat!”

Xu Tui faced many problems.