Chapter 170 - Malicious Interference (2)

Chapter 170: Malicious Interference (2)

Cui Xi sneered. The alloy rod swept forward with a powerful sound.

Bang!

Rankhan, who had vanished, was knocked out in front of Cui Xi by the alloy rod. He placed his hands on the rod and flipped over. The moment he flipped over, he disappeared again.

...

Another flash!

Cui Xi kept his alloy rod and did not panic at all.

At the same time, Rankhan, who had disappeared, suddenly appeared behind Cui Xi. He had used Instant Strike in the air and arrived behind Cui Xi. The dagger in his hand stabbed fiercely into Cui Xi’s ribs.

However, Cui Xi did not seem to notice it. He did not dodge and swept his alloy rod at Rankhan.

Rankhan’s eyes flashed with doubt. He did not quite understand what Cui Xi was doing. Was he trying to exchange injuries for injuries? He should not be able to do that.

But in the next instant, Rankhan understood.

Energy field!

Just as his blades were about to pierce through Cui Xi’s ribs and kill him, an invisible barrier appeared between Cui Xi’s ribs.

It was an energy field defense! At the same time, an energy field attack erupted on Rankhan’s dual blades.

Most of Cui Xi’s energy field defenses were destroyed on the spot. However, Cui Xi’s energy field defense that had been destroyed instantly recovered. It was as if the energy field defense was endless as it forcefully blocked Rankhan’s dual blades.

Rankhan’s expression changed drastically.

Below the stage, Haruji’s expression also changed drastically.

Bang!

The alloy rod struck Rankhan with great force. The moment he was hit, Rankhan still used his arms to block it with an energy field.

Bang!

There was an explosion.

Rankhan was sent flying by Cui Xi like a rag doll. He flew more than ten meters away and rolled on the ground for a few meters before stopping.

Pfft!

The moment he stopped, a mouthful of blood spewed out of Rankhan’s mouth. His right arm, which had blocked the rod, trembled unnaturally.

If he had not activated his genetic bone ability, Rankhan’s right arm would have been shattered. Even so, it still hurts.

However, Cui Xi did not give Rankhan a chance to catch his breath. He strode forward like a tiger.

Xu Tui, who was watching the battle in the inner area, stood up subconsciously.

Genetic ancient martial arts! The attack that Cui Xi had used to block Rankhan’s double-edged sword was most likely the so-called internal energy transfer in the genetic ancient martial arts.

The energy field of the Extreme Branch cultivators in the school exploded in different parts. The parts that activated the genetic ability chain related to the energy field could erupt with an energy field attack. However, even if it exploded, it would be a single explosion. An energy-field attack required a split second to activate the genetic ability chain again to unleash an energy-field attack or defense.

However, the energy field power that genetic ancient martial arts cultivated in the dantian was different. As long as he completed the Lesser Heavenly Cycle genetic chain, the energy field power in his dantian would be able to reach any part of his upper body and unleash an energy field attack or defense.

Moreover, as long as the energy field in his dantian was not completely exhausted, the energy field attacks or defenses could continuously erupt in the same area.

Before this, Xu Tui did not have a direct understanding of this. However, he now had an extremely intuitive understanding of the difference between the energy fields of genetic ancient martial arts and the Extreme Branch.

Of course, he could not say who was stronger.

However, from Xu Tui’s personal perspective, the energy field of the genetic ancient martial arts was suitable.

In the arena, the battle between Cui Xi and Rankhan had reached its climax.

The second-year tiger Cui Xi had been certified by the Huaxia Genetic Committee as a Level B genetic liberator. However, at this moment, Rankhan, a Level E genetic mutant, was forced to retreat.

Less than three minutes into the battle, Rankhan had vomited blood three times.

Victory was in sight.

Cui Xi was indeed the Tiger of the second year.

After being injured three times in a row, Rankhan’s movement technique became even stranger, and he was even more careful in his response.

Suddenly, Rankhan took advantage of a sudden movement to climb onto Cui Xi’s alloy staff. Like a monkey, he instantly attacked along Cui Xi’s alloy staff.

Cui Xi sneered. He raised his alloy staff and smashed it onto the ground.

Rankhan let out a strange cry. He leaped up from the alloy staff and disappeared again.

Cui Xi swept his alloy staff behind him. Rankhan appeared again and stabbed Cui Xi’s left armpit with the short blade in his left hand.

Cui Xi ignored Rankhan’s attack and swung his alloy staff at Rankhan’s head.

At this moment, Rankhan’s left arm strangely expanded by 30 centimeters. The increase of 30 centimeters instantly became a difference between life and death. The short blade pierced Cui Xi’s ribs.

However, Cui Xi’s energy field erupted and clamped onto the dagger the moment it entered his flesh.

In a flash, Rankhan gave up on the short blade in his left hand. A sharp bone blade that was 20 centimeters long surged out from the fingers of his left hand and slashed at Cui Xi’s left shoulder.

This change was too fast. Even though Cui Xi had a powerful energy field in his dantian, he could not react in time.

Rankhan’s incomparably sharp bone blade slashed down from Cui Xi’s shoulder. It cut through Cui Xi’s shoulder guard like paper. He severed Cui Xi’s left arm. The severed arm fell to the ground, and blood instantly gushed out.

However, Cui Xi’s alloy rod also hit Rankhan at this moment. But because his left hand was cut off, the alloy rod suddenly tilted to the side. It was supposed to hit his head, but it hit his chest. His strength had also decreased significantly.

However, this strike landed.

Rankhan was sent flying again and vomited blood on the spot.

Seeing that Cui Xi had lost his arm, the teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong, panicked. Qu Qingshan, the referee on duty, wanted to stop the battle.

However, Cui Xi roared, “There’s no need. I can still fight!”

He looked like a bloody tiger!

Cui Xi, who was in pain, held the alloy rod in one hand and strode towards Rankhan, who had been sent flying. As he walked, the blood gushing out of his severed arm miraculously slowed down significantly.

Cui Xi must have used his energy field to temporarily stabilize his injuries.

Seeing this, Qu Qingshan did not interfere, but he became even more focused.

He Cai, the referee in charge of the India Sector, would not interfere. He could not wait for them to continue fighting and let Rankhan kill Cui Xi on the spot.

However, the truth was the opposite of what He Cai and Haruji thought.

Bang!

Rankhan, who had yet to get up from the ground, was sent flying by Cui Xi’s one-handed staff again. He spat out blood again. He staggered when he landed. He could not even walk smoothly.

Looking at Cui Xi, whose arm was dripping with blood and who was attacking him with one hand, Rankhan’s eyes were filled with fear for the first time.

Without hesitation, Rankhan used Instant Strike again. However, Rankhan did not use it to attack Cui Xi. Instead, he used it to escape. It could also be seen as a tactical delay.

Cui Xi would definitely not be able to last long in his heavily injured state.

In the arena, the situation suddenly became strange.

Cui Xi, who had lost an arm and was seriously injured, chased Rankhan all over the arena with a rod in one hand, while Rankhan did not dare to fight Cui Xi.

However, the continuous flow of blood from Cui Xi’s wound still made the teachers and students worried.

Suddenly, when Rankhan was kicked out by Cui Xi again, Rankhan took the opportunity to slash at Cui Xi’s broken arm.

“How dare you!” Qu Qingshan suddenly let out a furious roar. The moment Rankhan’s short blade slashed at Cui Xi’s severed arm, he immediately pulled Cui Xi’s severed arm with his mind power. But it was still a little late.

Cui Xi’s broken arm was cut open by Rankhan’s short blade again, but it was not broken. It had not been destroyed.

The audience was instantly enraged by Rankhan’s despicable actions.

At this moment, He Cai, the referee in charge of the India Sector, roared angrily. “Chief referee, I protest! The defending referee of the Huaxia Sector has maliciously interfered with the actual combat competition!”

At the same time, Haruji also rushed to the stage and shouted, “Chief referee, we are seriously protesting. The defending referee of the Huaxia Sector has maliciously interfered with the actual combat!”