Chapter 171 - I Have Mental Perception (1)

Chapter 171: I Have Mental Perception (1)

Outside the ring, the audience booed.

The Internet was filled with curses.

Especially in the outer area of the arena. It was almost boiling because of Rankhan’s act of destroying his severed limb.

...

However, they had to abide by the rules in the arena.

Due to the stern protests of He Cai, the referee in charge of the India Sector, and Haruji, the teacher-in-charge, Chief Referee Park Gwangwon stopped the competition.

After all, Qu Qingshan had indeed interfered just now.

This pause was extremely disadvantageous to Cui Xi. Cui Xi’s broken arm was still bleeding profusely. His face was twisted in pain.

But Rankhan had gained a precious respite.

“Judge Qu Qingshan, please give a reasonable explanation for your interference in the competition just now,” the chief referee, Park Gwang-won, said.

“Rankhan maliciously destroyed Cui Xi’s severed limb. In order to prevent our students from having irreversible disabilities in the future, I moved Cui Xi’s severed limb to protect it,” Qu Qingshan explained.

Qu Qingshan had to answer the chief referee’s question in front of the entire Blue Star.

“What do you mean by malicious? This is the tactic of our students.” He Cai, the referee in charge of the India Sector, immediately retorted, “This is a life-or-death combat arena. Destroying the enemy’s limbs is also a tactical action. However, the defending referee of the Huaxia Sector maliciously interfered. This has already violated the rules of the actual combat competition.”

The chief referee looked at Qu Qingshan, wanting to hear his explanation. However, Qu Qingshan opened his mouth but did not speak. How should he put it? If he were to look at Rankhan’s deliberate destruction of Cui Xi’s severed limb from a detached perspective, there was no mistake.

Everyone was about to die. One of them had to die. Destroying the enemy’s limbs and interfering with the enemy was standard tactical behavior. There was no distinction between noble and despicable.

This was also the reason why Qu Qingshan could not explain himself at this moment.

However, from Xu Tui’s standpoint, an enemy like Rankhan was extremely hateful and despicable. Similarly, from the standpoint of countless students from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Rankhan’s actions were extremely despicable.

This was determined by one’s position.

The chief referee, Park Gwang-won, thought for a moment before announcing, “India Sector protest is valid. Huaxia Sector’s defending referee, Qu Qingshan, interfered in actual combat and violated the rules!

“According to the rules of the actual combat competition, the referee on duty can only interfere in the battle if he thinks that the lives of the students are seriously threatened. Whichever side’s referee interfered in the battle would mean that the student’s life was in danger. It would also mean that the student had been defeated.

“According to this rule, Cui Xi from the Huaxia Sector will be defeated in the battle because Qu Qingshan, the referee on duty, interfered with the battle. Rankhan from the India Sector will win! Do either of you have any objections?” The chief referee asked after making the final decision.

As soon as these words were spoken, the India Sector cheered. They had won! Rankhan had won!

Cui Xi, the strongest second-year tiger in the Huaxia Sector, was judged to be defeated. He would no longer have a chance to go on stage.

To be honest, just now, after Cui Xi had lost his arm, he was still able to chase after Rankhan and make him flee for his life. He was as powerful as a tiger. It was too shocking. The remaining students from the India Sector were unwilling to face Cui Xi if they had a choice.

“We have no objections.” Haruji and He Cai immediately spoke.

The reason why they protested immediately was because they wanted to seize the opportunity to use the rules to judge Cui Xi.

To be honest, even if Cui Xi had lost an arm, it would be very difficult for Rankhan to win with the ferocious and crazy momentum he had displayed just now. Otherwise, Rankhan would not have been chased around by Cui Xi.

Qu Qingshan, who was on duty, felt a little aggrieved and helpless. Cui Xi still had a chance of winning this battle, but his actions had determined the outcome.

“We agree with the referee’s decision.” Hu Nanzhong, the teacher-in-charge of the Huaxia region, spoke up immediately.

“Since both sides have no objections, Rankhan will win this battle. Please treat the injured and continue to prepare for the competition,” the chief referee said.

Rankhan, who was curled up in the corner, limped towards the resting area. A medical team came forward to treat his injuries.

Cui Xi glared at Rankhan with hatred. He hit his alloy staff against the floor and allowed the medical team to deal with his injuries.

At this moment, many of the live stream viewers saw that Cui Xi’s forehead was covered in sweat. With a broken arm, he could endure the pain and chase after Rankhan.

Cui Xi was also a tough guy. Although he lost, he still won a round of applause when he walked down the stage.

Before leaving the arena, Cui Xi suddenly stopped and looked at Qu Qingshan, who was on duty. He endured the pain and bowed to Qu Qingshan. “Mr. Qu, thank you!”

Qu Qingshan, who was on duty, smiled and waved his hand. His eyes were filled with relief.

Due to Qu Qingshan’s interference, Cui Xi was defeated in this battle. However, Qu Qingshan’s actions were not wrong. If Qu Qingshan had not interfered, Cui Xi’s arm might have been cut off by Rankhan.

With the current medical technology, as long as it did not take long, the severed arm could still be reattached. However, the degree of recovery was hard to say. It would most likely leave Cui Xi with a disability.

From the standpoint of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and Qu Qingshan’s own thoughts, there was only one attitude towards this matter. It was not a big deal to lose a battle. However, the second-year tiger, Cui Xi, could not be crippled because of this.

That was the consensus.

Therefore, the teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong, immediately agreed with the chief referee’s judgment.

Soon, Cui Xi was sent to the emergency vehicle under the enthusiastic applause of the audience outside the arena. He was quickly transported to the school’s emergency center to undergo a limb replantation surgery.

In this battle, Cui Xi displayed the aura of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Although he was defeated, he was honored.

In the arena, Rankhan from the India Sector did not leave the stage. The doctor only dealt with him briefly and injected him with painkillers, hemostatic needles, and stimulants.

Rankhan’s injuries were mainly internal. One of his ribs was broken, three or four of his bones were fractured, and many of his muscles were severely bruised. Many of his internal organs had also suffered from the violent impact and bled profusely. He had expended a lot of energy.

Although the chief referee had judged that Rankhan had won the battle, Rankhan had also paid a huge price.

Haruji immediately fed Rankhan a Level E Energy Restoration Elixir and an intravenous injection of Level D Compound Energy Elixir.

A Level D Compound Energy Elixir could recover a person’s physical strength in all aspects. The effects were very powerful.

Of course, it was also very expensive.

Then, Haruji began to assess Rankhan’s injuries.

“Your performance in this battle was very good. Your tactics were also very correct. But can you still fight? Can you still use Instant Strike?” Haruji asked.

“Instant Strike can still be activated and I can still fight. However, the impact is a little big with the broken ribs in my chest. Many attacks will be affected. At most, I can unleash 50% of my previous combat strength.” At this point, Rankhan suddenly sneered. “However, Teacher, don’t worry. Cui Xi has already stepped down. I can use my three mutated genetic abilities without any worries. No matter who comes from the other side, I can deal with them with a flash!”

Rankhan’s genetic bone ability, which was derived from yoga in the India Sector actually had two attributes. One was the genetic bone blade, and the other was the genetic bone change. The most preliminary genetic bone change could suddenly shorten or lengthen one of his limbs or extend it at an abnormal angle. It was extremely strange. When used in actual combat, it would catch the enemy off guard. It could be said to be a great killing weapon.

Cui Xi had suffered a loss just now because of the abilities that Rankhan had used.

“Alright, let’s rest first. If you need it later, I’ll inject you with the stimulant to improve your condition. I will try to buy you as much time as possible to rest and recover,” Haruji said.

Rankhan nodded and simply lay down on the rest position. He closed his eyes and calmed his mind to quickly recover.

The painkillers, hemostatic needles, circulation-stimulating needles, and Level D Compound Energy Restoration Elixir had already begun to take effect. Rankhan felt that the discomfort in his body was rapidly weakening, and his stamina was also rapidly recovering.

However, the broken bones and the intense pain in his internal organs could not be recovered in a short period of time.

In the Huaxia Sector, the teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong, gathered the students who were still qualified to participate in the battle.

Other than Cui Xi, Chi Hongying, Zhang Changtai, and Miao Huanshan, there were six other people.

To be honest, Rankhan’s performance was very fierce. As expected of a second-year student from New India Genetic Evolution College who was actually a third-year student. He was very powerful. He had severely injured two people from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, including the second-year ace, Cui Xi.

Although they had been judged by the referee, the results were still there. Moreover, Rankhan was still in the arena and seemed to have the intention to fight again.

He would have to be very careful when choosing the candidates for the next battle of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“As you can see, Rankhan’s three mutant genetic ability combination skills are very powerful. Instant Strike coupled with his genetic bone blade could allow his limbs to change from short to long or at strange angles. It could be said that he could form a killing move the moment the battle started!

“However, Rankhan’s current state should be very poor. He definitely could not fight for a long time. It could be said that as long as one of you could withstand Rankhan’s first wave of combination skills, you would basically win. Which of you has the confidence to fight?” Hu Nanzhong asked.

No one jumped out immediately. They were all considering the same question. Could they withstand Rankhan’s first wave of combination skills?

No one spoke for a long time.

“Mr. Hu, let me try. If I unleash my full strength, I might be able to defeat the injured Rankhan.”

The person who spoke was Yan Xuejin, who was ranked fourth on the Longhu List. She was a female senior, and her entire body exuded a fiery aura.

Hearing Yan Xuejin’s words, Hu Nanzhong shook his head on the spot. “You are strong in attack and explosive power. Your ability to survive on the battlefield is not as good as Miao Huanshan. You’re a Mystery Branch fire-type superb individual. Rankhan can almost completely suppress you. If you go up, you’ll be sending yourself to death if you’re not careful.”

Yan Xuejin was speechless.

“Mr. Hu, the saber I’m using is also considered a long-range weapon. I can completely imitate Brother Cui’s sweep and break Rankhan’s first wave of Instant Strike Combination Skill,” another senior from the Extreme Branch said.

“Then how do you determine the direction of his Instant Strike?” Hu Nanzhong asked.

“This… If he breaks in, both sides will suffer. I’ll risk being heavily injured to drag Rankhan off the stage,” the senior from the Extreme Branch said.

“This…”

Hu Nanzhong did not immediately deny it. What the student said could be considered a countermeasure. It was mainly because Rankhan’s Instant Strike was too ferocious.

“Mr. Hu, why don’t I go?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“You? You’re not as good as Yan Xuejin right now. You’ve also not compatible with Rankhan. If you go up, you might very well be killed by him.” Hu Nanzhong immediately rejected Xu Tui’s suggestion.

“Teacher, I have mental perception. I can sense the direction of Rankhan’s attack,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Hu Nanzhong’s eyes lit up. “Really? How far can you sense?”

Hu Nanzhong immediately reacted when his question was asked. The distance between Xu Tui’s senses should be considered private. He could not ask Xu Tui in public.

“Are you confident?” Hu Nanzhong asked.

“Yes!”

Xu Tui nodded heavily.