Chapter 176 - Physical Signs (1)

Chapter 176: Physical Signs (1)

An Xiaoxue’s sudden appearance and acceptance of the challenge surprised and shocked everyone in the arena.

It was as if a huge lightning bolt had exploded on the Internet. Previously, they had criticized An Xiaoxue for not accepting the challenge on Weibo. Some apologized, while others were criticized. However, they instantly sided with An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue did not explain what she had just said, but there was one sentence that was very accurate.

...

If you want to fight, you have to go through official channels!

After all, Haruji had come with the India Sector’s exchange delegation team and had a special identity. What was the meaning of a private challenge? What if there was an accident? What if there were deaths?

In just one sentence, she had revealed that Haruji was dishonest. It was too sneaky of him to only challenge her through the special Weibo circle without going through official channels.

For a moment, many netizens understood.

An Xiaoxue did not respond because, firstly, An Xiaoxue was really busy. Secondly, Haruji came with the exchange team, so An Xiaoxue could not respond.

However, since Haruji had dared to mention this in the battle arena today, An Xiaoxue had taken the opportunity to accept the challenge. There was no such problem.

Now, the key was whether Haruji dared to fight or not.

Actually, at this moment, Haruji no longer cared about the comments about being sneaky and shameless. He was thinking about something. How should he fight? What was An Xiaoxue’s current strength?

Haruji had never considered not fighting. Everyone could pretend that they did not see him showing off on Weibo. Now, when he spoke as the official teacher-in-charge of the India Sector’s exchange delegation team, he mentioned challenging An Xiaoxue. However, An Xiaoxue accepted the challenge. If he did not dare to fight, he would probably not be able to return. On the way back, he would be treated as a disgrace to the India Sector.

However, An Xiaoxue’s silver hair and her ability to travel through the air just now made Haruji a little flustered. He could also travel through the air, but it was definitely not as easy as An Xiaoxue.

This had something to do with mind power. To put it bluntly, the stronger one’s mind power was, the easier it was to travel on air.

Most importantly, she had silver hair.

Upon closer inspection, Haruji realized that An Xiaoxue’s long silver hair was not dyed. It was her real hair color.

This involved a very serious problem.

The process of genetic mutation or evolution would bring about some external changes to the body’s characteristics. Usually, the more obvious the external changes brought about by genetic mutation or evolution, the stronger the ability.

This was the problem that Haruji was worried about.

If that was the case, An Xiaoxue’s current strength might have improved greatly compared to when she fought with him more than half a month ago.

That would not be good.

Haruji, who had deliberately challenged An Xiaoxue because she was injured, instantly lost 1,000 points of confidence.

Of course, worries and doubts were worries and doubts. Haruji, however, could not hesitate. At this moment, if he cowered just a little, he would immediately become a disgrace to the India Sector. He would definitely disappear on the way back!

“Hahahaha!” Haruji first let out a long laugh. “Professor An came at the right time. I even said that I was about to go home with regrets. I didn’t expect that I would be able to fight Professor An to my heart’s content! Alright, let’s fight now. How about that?”

“Of course!”

An Xiaoxue’s answer was straightforward.

However, in the current situation, the two of them could not fight immediately.

One was the youngest professor in the New India Genetic Evolution College, and the other was the youngest professor in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Of course, there was still a huge age gap.

For example, Haruji. Although he was the youngest professor in the New India Genetic Evolution College, he was already 33 years old.

An Xiaoxue was the youngest professor in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. However, it was said that she was only 26 years old.

But no matter what, this battle had become a semi-official battle. The staff of both the Huaxia and India Sectors immediately started discussing this matter.

At the leader’s seat, the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Wen Xinglun, and the vice-chairman of the Genetic Research Institute, Lu Guanqing, looked at the silver-haired An Xiaoxue in surprise.

“Her physical signs are obvious. Did she evolve? Did she break through from the Mutant Realm to the Evolution Realm?” Lu Guanqing stared at An Xiaoxue’s long silver hair. He could sense the faint mental fluctuations emanating from An Xiaoxue’s body from afar. His eyes flashed.

“A little, but I’m not sure.” Wen Xinglun shook his head and asked Wei Dajiang, the deputy dean of the Mystery Branch Academy, who was sitting in the row behind him, “Old Wei, you are closer to the Research Institute Number 14. Do you know the situation?”

“I’m not sure.” Wei Dajiang shook his head. “But she shouldn’t have evolved. Three weeks ago, she had just been certified as a Level B Genetic Mutant. She hasn’t reached the level of a Level A Genetic Mutant yet. She shouldn’t have broken through to the Evolution Realm so quickly!”

“Since it’s not, it should be a genetic mutation. Long silver hair. I remember that there are no records of this in the known genetic mutation characteristics. Is this the new genetic mutation direction that the Research Institute Number 14 has developed?” Lu Guanqing’s expression suddenly changed drastically.

“It’s possible, but it might also be the accumulation of the Research Institute Number 14. Their lineage has always been a little ahead of the times and strange,” the principal, Wen Xinglun, said with a smile.

Lu Guanqing’s expression darkened. Actually, this was also the real reason why he had been coveting the equipment at the Research Institute Number 14. That set of equipment was too valuable for research.

Shang Long had gotten this set of equipment from the intergalactic battlefield back then. Therefore, it was extremely difficult to obtain the same equipment again. It felt so wasteful in An Xiaoxue’s hands.

“

It seems that I have to speed up the progress of the matters regarding Research Institute Number 14… I have to hurry both internally and externally…”

As he pondered, Lu Guanqing had an idea.

Xu Tui quickly ran to the edge of the arena in the inner area.

“Miss An, is your hand injury better? Also, why did your hair turn silver?” Xu Tui asked immediately.

An Xiaoxue waved her bandaged finger at Xu Tui, indicating that she had almost recovered.

“It doesn’t affect the battle. We rarely use our hands in the battle of the Mystery Branch.”

“What about the silver hair? What happened? Are you alright?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

An Xiaoxue glanced at Xu Tui when she heard that. The slight unhappiness she felt when she saw Xu Tui resting his head on Gong Ling’s thigh instantly disappeared.

Actually, even An Xiaoxue herself did not realize this. There were too few people in the School of Enlightened Mind. It was so few that most of the classes were conducted by Bian Yuan. An Xiaoxue only occasionally attended a class.

Basically, An Xiaoxue stayed in the Research Institute Number 14 all year round. There were even fewer people in the Research Institute Number 14. There was only An Xiaoxue and an advanced artificial intelligence. It had been like this ever since An Xiaoxue took over the Research Institute Number 14.

As a result, An Xiaoxue did not notice the changes in her mentality after Xu Tui joined the Research Institute Number 14. Of course, it was not clear if Ah Huang, the advanced artificial intelligence, had noticed it.

“This is a sign of a genetic mutation. It doesn’t affect the body. You might do the same in the future. Let’s talk about the details later,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui nodded. Then, he glanced at Haruji and asked nervously, “Miss An, are you confident?”

An Xiaoxue ignored Xu Tui when she heard that. She stared at Xu Tui in disdain and raised her head. She was as proud as a phoenix. Xu Tui, aren’t you underestimating your teacher too much?

Xu Tui, who understood what An Xiaoxue meant, was speechless. Then, he found an angle and took a picture of An Xiaoxue’s back. He casually posted it on Weibo.

“My teacher, An Xiaoxue, will definitely win. Take a guess. Will Haruji die?”

As soon as he posted on Weibo, comments flooded in.

[He will be killed 30 times!]

[30 times was not enough. 300 times!]

[More like three thousand times!]

+99,999…

….

After an emergency discussion between the India Sector and the Huaxia Sector, they agreed to carry out the challenge now.

The combat rules were the same as the students’ combat exchange. The only thing that needed to be changed was the referees on duty.

Actually, even if the working group did not mention this, Qu Qingshan and He Cai would not dare to continue being the referees. The two of them were indeed very strong, but they were not strong enough to be the referees for the match between An Xiaoxue and Haruji. They could not intervene effectively at the critical moment.

Soon, the India Sector sent out a thin old man named Prov. He was very thin, but his eyes were especially bright. He was a senior consultant and honorary vice-captain of the India Sector’s exchange delegation team. He was also an elder who had reached the Genetic Mutation realm a long time ago.

The way Prov appeared was slightly shocking. When he learned that he would be the referee on duty, Prov did not move. He just floated up from the leader’s seat.

Yes, floating, not flying. Like a cloud with power, he slowly floated to the judges’ seat in the India Sector.

The original referee of the India Sector, He Cai, quickly gave up his seat. After Prov landed on the referee’s stand, He Cai knelt down and kissed Prov’s feet before retreating.

Clearly, Prov had a high status in the India Sector.

Haruji, who was in the ring, quickly walked to the bottom of the referee’s seat and bowed to Prov. After Prov nodded, Haruji returned to the center of the ring.

The duty referee of the India Sector was in place.

The referee on duty in the Huaxia Sector was still asking the principal, Wen Xinglun, for instructions. In a battle between someone at An Xiaoxue’s level and Haruji’s level, only an expert at the Genetic Mutation realm could effectively intervene.

“Old Wei, why don’t you make a trip?” Wen Xinglun smiled and looked at Wei Dajiang, the vice-principal of the Mystery Branch.

Although Wei Dajiang was like a kind old man now, he was also an influential figure back then. He had relied on his outstanding strength to become the executive vice-principal of the Mystery Branch Academy.

“I’m already an old man, but you still won’t let me off. However, you’re the principal. I’ll go!” Wei Dajiang laughed.

Wen Xinglun smiled and nodded. Wei Dajiang understood what he meant. Only Old Wei could reassure him.

Wei Dajiang stood up and instantly flew diagonally into the sky. He made a beautiful turn and landed steadily on the judging panel of the Huaxia Sector.

Qu Qingshan nodded slightly and left the arena.

“This should be a very exciting battle. It’s usually difficult for all of you to see a battle of this level. Just wait and see.”

Wei Dajiang laughed loudly and suddenly asked the ring, “An Xiaoxue, Haruji, are you two ready?”