Chapter 178 - You Don'T Know Ah Huang Well Enough (1)

Chapter 178: You Don’t Know Ah Huang Well Enough (1)

The actual combat competition with the India Sector had officially ended.

Haruji, the troublemaker, managed to stay alive due to Prov’s intervention. With the current medical technology, other than the broken ribs that would take more than half a month to recover, the other injuries would recover very quickly.

Of course, Chi Hongying, Miao Huanshan, and Cui Xi’s injuries were even lighter.

...

Other than Chi Hongying, Miao Huanshan and Cui Xi could get out of bed that night.

Chi Hongying, whose heart had been pierced through, was slightly more serious. She could only get out of bed the next day.

Chai Xiao, who had three-colored hair and a flowery mouth, was clearly a playboy. Unexpectedly, he was guarding the bed all along.

Xu Tui was actually looking forward to the school’s reward. He calculated the school’s rewards first. He had fought a total of five battles and won all five. According to the school’s previous reward rules, a victory would be rewarded with 10,000 dollars in cash, 50 honorary contribution points, and 10 individual contribution points.

So he would get a total of 50,000 yuan, 250 honorary contribution points, and 50 individual contribution points.

Fifty thousand yuan in cash was not a small sum. The key was that contribution points were valuable. Although honorary contribution points could not be counted as individual rights, its value was the same as the contribution points.

Xu Tui did not have much interaction with Zhuang Ziqiang. He did not know the exact value of the contribution points.

A bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir required 10 contribution points to exchange in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College Pharmacy.

Of course, everyone, including the staff, said that this exchange was not worth it. It was a waste of a contribution point.

However, this exchange standard basically represented the lowest price of contribution points.

One to five hundred. One contribution point was worth at least 500 yuan.

According to Zhuang Ziqiang, contribution points were actually very valuable. Xu Tui flipped through the list again. If he were to be more ideal, one contribution point would be worth 1,000 yuan.

A total of 300 contribution points should be 301 contribution points. As long as he was selected, he would gain some contribution points. That was three hundred thousand yuan.

Yes, it was a huge sum!

It could slightly solve Xu Tui’s urgent need for money.

“Mr. Hu, let me ask you. When will our reward be given out?” Xu Tui could not help but ask the teacher-in-charge, Hu Nanzhong, before he dispersed.

“Look at how anxious you are.”

Hu Nanzhong laughed when he saw Xu Tui’s expression. This kid was impatient.

“Would the school lack your reward? Just you wait. In a few days, when Chi Hongying, Cui Xi, and Miao Huanshan recover a little, the school will hold a celebration for you. At that time, you will be rewarded,” Hu Nanzhong said.

“It’ll be a few more days.”

Xu Tui was a little disappointed.

“By the way, are we still going to recycle the silver pills that the school gave me?” Xu Tui suddenly thought of another important question.

There were still some silver pills left. After replenishing his losses in the battle, he still had six Alloy Silver Pills and nine Explosive Silver Pills left. This was a huge sum of money.

Hu Nanzhong glanced at Xu Tui, whose heart was already in his mouth. He deliberately teased Xu Tui, “Logically speaking, you should return it. But why don’t you report more losses and keep more for yourself?”

“How can that be!”

Xu Tui firmly refused. He could take advantage of the situation, but he could not do anything that was against the law.

Hu Nanzhong was also a little surprised. He had thought that Xu Tui would take the opportunity to agree when he saw how much Xu Tui cared about the rewards and supplies. He did not expect Xu Tui to reject him so firmly.

Six Alloy Silver Pills and nine Explosive Silver Pills. This involved millions of yuan and more than 200 contribution points. He had thought that Xu Tui would take advantage of the situation and take some. He did not expect Xu Tui to reject him so firmly.

Interesting! Hu Nanzhong felt that the young man in front of him was very interesting.

“Take it first. You guys have really made a name for yourselves in this battle. The school might give you some additional rewards. When the time comes, we’ll see what they think,” Hu Nanzhong said.

Xu Tui’s eyes immediately lit up when he heard about the additional rewards. “Mr. Hu, can you tell me what the additional rewards are? How many are there?”

“Go away. We don’t even know if there are any,” Hu Nanzhong scolded jokingly.

Xu Tui could only leave resentfully.

“Little Tui, you’ve displayed your might today. You’ve won five consecutive battles. This is definitely something worth celebrating. Qingqing and I will treat you to a meal to celebrate your victory, how about that?” Gong Ling suddenly suggested when they were about to leave.

“Let me treat you guys to a meal. I haven’t thanked you yet. That rest was really good.”

Xu Tui’s words caused Gong Ling’s sweet smile to suddenly turn red.

“You’re treating us?” Zuo Qingqing suddenly interrupted, “Then we have to eat outside the school. Have you prepared your wallet?”

She was considered an acquaintance of Xu Tui’s. Zuo Qingqing was not that cold in front of an acquaintance.

“Wallet?” Xu Tui patted his pocket generously. “Tsk, 10,000 yuan is not enough to feed the two of you?”

Actually, Xu Tui still felt very guilty. It was too extravagant to treat someone to a meal with ten thousand yuan. Even a thousand yuan was painful. Of course, he still had to maintain his reputation.

Then, Xu Tui added, “My wallet is here. As long as the two of you are not afraid of getting fat, I’ll try my best to eat it.”

Yes, the main point was not to be afraid of gaining weight. They were actually afraid of gaining weight!