Chapter 181 - Three Money-Making Plans (2)

Chapter 181: Three Money-Making Plans (2)

“The transaction fee from the buyer would also allow me to earn a good sum. However, from a friend’s point of view, unless you are so short of money that you will starve to death tomorrow, I do not recommend you to spend your contribution points.”

At this point, Zhuang Ziqiang suddenly lowered his voice. “Brother Xu, according to the information I occasionally received, contribution points are the real currency outside the Blue Star and in the intergalactic battlefield.

“Including the honorary contribution points that your school has rewarded you, they were also taken out from the school’s contribution points account. It’s not as simple as the school filling in a number just because they want to.”

...

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. If that was the case, his contribution points would be extraordinary.

To be honest, the intergalactic battlefield had always been very mysterious to Xu Tui. However, his basic impression of it was that it was a battlefield against invaders. But as he stayed in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, his impression of the intergalactic battlefield changed.

An Xiaoxue said that the top-notch high-precision cloning equipment in the entire Blue Star was obtained from the intergalactic battlefield.

The principal, Wen Xinglun, had said that the Huaxia Sector had obtained a large amount of benefits from the intergalactic battlefield. The reason why the India Sector was causing a ruckus now was because they were fighting for the benefits of the intergalactic battlefield.

Now, Zhuang Ziqiang said that contribution points were the currency of the intergalactic battlefield. The contribution points awarded by the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were also from the school’s contribution points account.

Didn’t that mean that contribution points were more like currency in the intergalactic battlefield?

Also, Xu Tui’s initial impression of the intergalactic battlefield as the first line of defense against the invaders was that it could obtain a large number of benefits and make the various countries fight over it.

The intergalactic battlefield did not seem to be what they knew from the history books.

“I can’t spend my contribution points? Old Zhuang, thank you. It seems that you really treat me as a friend. That’s why you said that. But the problem is, how can I solve the problem of my lack of money? Moreover, I lack a lot of money.” Xu Tui frowned.

Originally, he wanted to get rich quickly by spending his contribution points. From the looks of it, this path would not work.

In reality, Xu Tui had vaguely realized this when he went to the Genetic Armament Center on Wednesday to replenish his Silver Alloy Pills. Actually, he can’t spend a lot of his contribution points, and they were very important. He could borrow money. But he did not have any channels to borrow contribution points.

“Brother Xu, are you willing to listen to my analysis?” Zhuang Ziqiang suddenly asked.

Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. He had to listen to the professionals when it came to professional matters. It seemed that Zhuang Ziqiang must have done a lot of homework before he came to eat today.

“Brother Xu, I can tell that you might be short of money because of your cultivation. Can you tell me the basic amount and ideal amount you need to cultivate for a month?” Zhuang Ziqiang asked.

“The minimum number is 300,000. The ideal number is 500,000 or 600,000, or even more.”

“Hiss!” Zhuang Ziqiang gasped on the spot. “Brother Xu, are you joking?”

“Old Zhuang, let me tell you a cold joke. Two months ago, I had a million yuan. Do you believe me?”

“I… believe you.”

“Right now, I have a loan of 600,000 yuan. I have less than 300,000 yuan in cash.”

“This…” Zhuang Ziqiang was stunned.

1.3 million in two months. Was he eating money? Was he the money eating divine beast?! Ordinary first-year students did not even need that much in a year.

“Of course. The Alloy Silver Pill that I used is the biggest amount I spent. It’s quite expensive,” Xu Tui said faintly.

After thinking for a while, Zhuang Ziqiang spoke again. “Brother Xu, actually, before I came, I knew that you were short of money. I also made a money-making plan for you. Although your needs are far greater than what I expected, the overall direction of the plan has not changed.”

Xu Tui gestured for Zhuang Ziqiang to continue.

“Brother Xu, actually, for genetic newcomers like us, especially for extremely powerful genetic newcomers like you, your ability is your greatest qualification. I’ve come up with a short-term quick money plan for you, a medium-term capital accumulation plan, and a long-term sustainable income plan.

“The short-term quick money plan is very simple. You can go outside the school to accept private missions from some small companies. You can also accept some individual bounty missions. Or you can go to the regular arenas to compete and earn money. You can also go to some underground arenas to compete,” Ying Ziqiang said.

“The regular arena and the underground arena? How much can I earn? How much time will they take?” Xu Tui asked.

“The profits from the regular arena are much lower. The appearance fee starts at 1,000 yuan. The winning streak is stacked, and the profits from betting are also limited. With your strength, it’s still possible for you to earn tens of thousands of yuan or even more in two to three hours a night.”

“What about the underground arena?”

“There are many ways there. It might be hundreds of thousands or even millions of yuan a night. However, there are more accidents and more risks,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that.

“Then tell me about the medium-term capital accumulation plan,” Xu Tui asked.

“The medium-term capital accumulation plan is mainly related to clearing missions. Actually, most of the clearing missions earn hard money and dangerous money. Although the rewards are generous, they are not much.

“However, the characteristics of your mind power, especially the long-range flying sword and the long-range mental strength attack, were especially suitable for some high-paying clearing missions with special requirements.

“These clearing missions had a certain degree of danger, but the rewards were high enough. This was because not everyone could do them.