Chapter 186 - First Huaxia, Then Martial Arts

Chapter 186: First Huaxia, Then Martial Arts

“This Vajra Tide Force Field can be said to be one of the few research projects that have been completed since the Great Genetic Age.

“Basically, all the famous genetic ancient martial artists in the world were more or less involved in this project. It was researched with the genetic ancient martial arts grandmaster, Cheng Fengxi, as the core and the supercomputer of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Shennong, as the supplementary.

“They had also borrowed the perfect-grade cloning equipment owned by the Huaxia Genetic Committee for five years. They had invested a lot of money into it. In the later stages, they had also selected nearly 10,000 people from the genetic ancient martial arts to undergo pioneering cultivation before they finally succeeded.

...

“I now have a nearly complete cultivation method for the Vajra Tide Force Field genetic chain.”

Seeing that he had finally attracted Xu Tui’s attention, Shen Jiushuang calmed down. He gestured for Xu Tui to sit down and slowly told him about the incident.

The cultivation technique of the Vajra Tide Force Field was actually in a semi-open state. The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College also had this cultivation technique. However, it was only the first level.

Moreover, the threshold of the sensation of Qi still limited most Extreme Branch cultivators. If they successfully cultivated the first level, they would be able to exchange for the second level with a little cash and contribution points.

The cultivation technique of the third level not only required one to spend contribution points to exchange for it, but also required one to be a B-rank member of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association.

The fourth level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was a cultivation technique unique to the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association. They had to become an A-rank member of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association to learn.

As for the fifth level of the Vajra Tide Force Field, only the seven main researchers who had participated in the research and made major contributions had mastered it. Shen Jiushuang’s master was also one of the seven main researchers back then. He naturally had the right to study and teach the fifth level. However, he still had to file a report with the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association after imparting it.

The power of the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was actually ordinary. It was a little like a simple defensive force field, but its defensive ability was also very powerful. This defensive force field was different from a mental shield.

The mental shield was suspended outside his body. However, even though the Vajra Tide Force Field was only at the first level, it was fused with the physical body and had an extremely powerful defense.

Shen Jiushuang used Cui Xi as an example.

Cui Xi had not completely mastered the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field. If he had, he would not have lost an arm.

The first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field had a fan-shaped force field. The force field appeared when he thought about it. It could block heat sniper weapons and high-energy electric snipers.

What was worth mentioning was that the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field required the Lesser Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain as a prerequisite.

The second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field had the prerequisite of the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain. It could display the entire body’s defensive force field, the Vajra Barrier.

This defensive force field was extremely powerful. There was no need to mention fighting one-on-one, let alone a group battle.

The third level was the true essence of the Vajra Tide Force Field. Cultivating the third level would allow one to obtain an ability called the Vajra Tide. The killing intent will appear in his defense. This was especially true for close-range attacks. The killing intent in this defensive force field was extremely refreshing.

Shen Jiushuang would not elaborate on the details, but he was sure that each level was more powerful than the last. Moreover, the requirements for cultivating the fourth and fifth levels were even higher. There was no point in teaching it to Xu Tui early on.

After all, many people had only come into contact with the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field after cultivating for several years. However, every person who cultivated to the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was definitely a warrior on the battlefield.

Actually, Xu Tui had already taken a liking to the Vajra Tide Force Field when Old Master Shen mentioned the second level. He needed this defensive ability in his current state.

According to what Old Master Shen had said, the third level, the Vajra Tide, was extremely lethal to close-range attacks. It did not matter how powerful it was, but if he successfully cultivated it, it might become another trump card for him.

Not to mention the more mysterious fourth and fifth levels.

Of course, Xu Tui also wanted to learn how to fly with his physical body from Old Master Shen.

“How is it? What do you think of the Vajra Tide Force Field?” Shen Jiushuang did not mention anything about taking Xu Tui as a disciple after he finished speaking. He only looked at Xu Tui quietly.

He had done everything he could. The rest would depend on the child’s choice.

“Elder Shen, this Vajra Tide Force Field is very suitable for me at the moment. I want to learn it. I wonder how I can become your last disciple?”

Xu Tui was very sensible. Previously, he was thick-skinned enough to state his conditions. He had to see something different before he was willing to join. However, Shen Jiushuang had already revealed something different. If Xu Tui continued to raise conditions and wanted to explain the treatment clearly, he would be stupid.

In that case, the so-called teacher-student relationship would probably be gone. It would only become an uninteresting transaction. In the end, they might not be able to gain anything.

Shen Jiushuang suddenly laughed when he heard what Xu Tui said. This student had a good temperament. He had already thought about it just now. If Xu Tui was still not satisfied and still wanted to raise more conditions, then he would have to carefully consider whether he wanted to accept such a disciple.

Even though Shen Jiushuang did not say anything, Xu Tui will enjoy many benefits after he became Shen Jiushuang’s disciple. Countless cultivators could not exchange this with money. Just the third level of the Vajra Tide Force Field alone had caused many people to be stuck at B-rank of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association.

Luo Murong was already a genius who had worked hard. He had only become a C-rank member of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association after joining for three years.

However, as long as Xu Tui became Shen Jiushuang’s disciple, he would no longer be restricted by his rank as a member. Shen Jiushuang could teach Xu Tui at any time. After he taught him, he could just make a record.

There were many other similar conveniences.

“This is no longer the past. According to the tradition from a hundred years ago, if someone like me were to take in a last disciple, I’m afraid that I would have to invite all the martial artists in the martial arts world and hold a banquet for three days. I would have to invite legendary martial artists as witnesses.

“Now, you just need to kowtow to your grandmaster and kowtow to me. I’ll record your name and that will be it,” Shen Jiushuang said.

Actually, it was not as simple as Shen Jiushuang said. According to the current habits of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Internal Department, he had to invite a few good friends for a small ceremony.

Comparatively, genetic ancient martial arts were still more traditional.

However, Shen Jiushuang also had selfish motives. Those old friends of his were either smart or cunning. Now that the atmosphere was so open-minded, there was not much difference between the sects. He did not want to accidentally lose this disciple.

After all, everyone had something good. He should secretly warm up his disciple first.

Meng Sixi made some preparations and invited a very exquisite portrait. It was a thin old man. He was very thin, but he looked energetic.

“We won’t pay our respects to our ancestors from before the Great Genetic Era. This is the ancestor of our sect, Zou Daojian. If you have the chance to go to the intergalactic battlefield in the future, you will hear his name. Come, kowtow.”

To be honest, this was the first time Xu Tui had kowtowed in his life. However, with Meng Sixi by his side, he followed suit and kowtowed three times. Then, Shen Jiushuang sat at the side of the offering table and received Xu Tui’s kowtow. He then took the cup of tea that Xu Tui had served. A simple ceremony was considered completed.

“Tui’er, there’s no such thing as a sect anymore. They’re all called Genetic Ancient Martial Arts. However, if anyone asks about your master or something, just tell them your grandmaster’s name.

“As for the sect rules, they were even simpler. Patriotic, dedicated, honest, law-abiding, and so on. Of course, the most important thing was to defend Huaxia!

“Remember, if you have any small problems, even if you mess with three to five girls in the future, I won’t say anything. You young people these days are too complicated.

“However, there was only one rule: Defend Huaxia! If you dare to do anything that will harm Huaxia, I will be the first to kill you!

“Remember, Huaxia comes first, followed by martial arts!”

Shen Jiushuang’s last few words were more serious than ever. He spoke almost word by word.

“Master, I’ll remember this. Huaxia comes first followed by martial arts!”

“Alright, get up.”

Only then did Shen Jiushuang let Xu Tui get up. He also asked Xu Tui to greet Meng Sixi. The simple initiation ceremony was considered complete.

“Sixi, take my signature and recommendation letter and help your junior get a Level D right. Also, have you finished reading the book I listed for you previously?” Shen Jiushuang asked.

“Not yet, Master,” Meng Sixi said.

“Then let’s borrow another set from the library according to the book. On the surface, our genetic ancient martial arts focus on cultivation. In reality, it was consistent with modern genetic science research and explored the secrets of the human body.

“However, modern genetic science research uses scientific methods to quantify things. As for genetic ancient martial arts, we use ancient martial arts cultivation as a method to explore the secrets of the human body.

“The so-called great internal and external divine powers were just empty words a hundred years ago. But now, they were definitely not. Flying with the physical body was a result of this. However, if we wanted to do research, we had to read more books.

“If we want to go further on the path of genetic ancient martial arts, we should study ourselves more and think more. Of course, these things were too far away for you to talk about now. However, the accumulation needed to be completed step by step. After reading the first set of books, come and find me.”

“Sixi, go and settle these first. After you’re done with those matters, you can tell more of our Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association to your junior brother.

“I’ll be leaving the capital for a while in a few days. Before I leave, I’ll first give your junior brother the first level of the Lesser Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain and the Vajra Tide Force Field before personally guiding him again.

“In the future, if he can’t find anything accurately or forgets something, you have to remember to help your junior brother,” Shen Jiushuang said.

“Master, I’ll remember.”

With a slight bow, Meng Sixi left to settle these matters.

Shen Jiushuang looked at Xu Tui.

“Come, sit cross-legged and focus. I’ll guide you. I’ll slow down. Try your best to remember these genetic base points. If there are any vague ones, just say it directly. I’ll help you use my inner Qi to stimulate it a little so that you can remember it clearly. This way, when you cultivate in the future, you can get twice the results with half the effort!”

Xu Tui gladly agreed when he heard that.

Actually, this was one of the best benefits of becoming Shen Jiushuang’s disciple.