Chapter 183 - Slowly Publicizing

Chapter 183: Slowly Publicizing

Xu Tui called Chai Xiao when he returned to the dormitory that night.

“Brother Chai, how is Sister-in-law?”

“The surgery was very successful, and the heart was repaired perfectly. The doctor said that she can get out of bed tomorrow and attend classes like an ordinary person in three days. In half a month, she will be able to return to normal and resume her training.”

...

After saying that, Chai Xiao paused for a moment. “It’s just that she will suffer a little. There are still many tubes stuck in her body.

“What’s the matter?” Chai Xiao suddenly asked.

Xu Tui had just visited Chi Hongying at the hospital in the afternoon. Chai Xiao naturally realized something when he called again.

“Brother Chai, it’s like this. Didn’t I lack money? Zhuang Ziqiang got me a short, medium, and long-term money-making plan. I think it’s quite reliable. However, no matter which plan it was, someone had to do the preliminary information gathering, intelligence preparation, logistics equipment, and even business operations.

“I wanted to spend more time cultivating. The initial plan was to cooperate with Zhuang Ziqiang. He would take care of the miscellaneous matters and leave the matters that required combat strength to me. I was prepared to get him to come up with a contract that would allow him to take a cut of the total income or net income.

“The entire matter went smoothly. However, I did not know much about Zhuang Ziqiang. I also did not know much about his background. He looked like a good person, but I had only interacted with him for a short time.

“That’s why I wanted to ask you for your opinion,” Xu Tui said.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui had agreed to cooperate with Zhuang Ziqiang in the restaurant. However, he had turned around and asked Chai Xiao for his opinion.

Xu Tui knew too little about Zhuang Ziqiang. If they wanted to work together for a long time, he had to have a detailed understanding of Zhuang Ziqiang.

“You can cooperate with Zhuang Ziqiang. His family background is very ordinary, so he’s very hardworking and knows how to conduct himself. At the moment, there were no negative rumors in the circles, nor was there any in the cooperation with my family.

“You really need someone to help you with these chores. You can try him first. When he’s done with the contract, send it to me. I’ll send it to the law firm working with my family to let them take a look. Also, I’ll send you the information I’ve gathered about Zhuang Ziqiang’s identity tomorrow. Think about it again,” Chai Xiao said.

“Thank you, Brother Chai…”

“If you want to thank me again, get lost.”

“Alright, Brother Chai, you still owe me two meals…”

This time, Chai Xiao hung up the phone without saying anything.

Xu Tui was truly grateful to Chai Xiao. In fact, if it were any other friend, Xu Tui’s final answer would be Chai Xiao’s last sentence—Send a document over for Xu Tui to consider.

It was the most common suggestion and practice. If something really happened, it would have nothing to do with him.

Xu Tui understood this point. However, Chai Xiao did it very honestly. He did not have to thank him, but he had to remember his kindness.

…

At night, Xu Tui did not train as quickly as usual. Instead, he did his homework. He rewatched the combat recording. Then he reflected.

It was a must for An Xiaoxue to arrange 15,000 words of homework.

Soon, Xu Tui noticed one problem after another.

For example, when he was fighting Azari, he was not simple and direct enough. He did not need to use his mental chain to control the flying sword at all. With his current strength, the maximum range he could vaguely sense was 14 meters.

Which means, when he did not use the mental chain to control the flying sword and the silver pill, his maximum sense was a radius of 14 meters with him as the center.

In that case, Xu Tui could use his mental chain and connect with the mental whip and whip Azari. He would only need an instant to be able to use his flying sword to instantly kill Azari.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mobility in actual combat was not enough. He needed to greatly improve in this aspect. Otherwise, he would only become a human-shaped cannon in the future.

The human-shaped cannons were easily eliminated. He had to think of a way to become an agile human-shaped cannon.

Xu Tui watched the video over and over again. He analyzed it over and over again, constantly discovering and summarizing problems.

Halfway through his homework, the phone suddenly rang. It was a video call from his mother.

He thought for a moment. It seemed that he had not called home in the past week. He quickly picked it up.

Over the video call, Xu Tui could see that his mother, Zhang Xiuli, had a very nervous expression. Her eyes were also a little red. Xu Tui was extremely shocked. A bad feeling suddenly welled up in his heart.

Could something have happened at home?

“Mom, what’s wrong? Why do you look like you’ve been crying? Is everything alright at home?” Xu Tui quickly asked.

“Improvement. Tell me quickly, were you injured in the competition today… I didn’t know that your school was so dangerous now…” Before she could finish speaking, her mother, Zhang Xiuli, started crying.

“Injured?”

Xu Tui was stunned. Did his mother, Zhang Xiuli, watch the competition? However, according to the current regulations, his mother who had not been certified as a genetic liberator would not be able to watch the competition.

In the video, his father, Xu Jianguo, appeared.

“Dad, did you see the competition?”

“Yes.” Xu Jianguo nodded solemnly.

“Why? Did they publicize the competition or did you see my actual combat competition because you are my parents?” Xu Tui asked.

“Actually, they’re slowly publicizing. A few years ago, the country was already doing this. They were slowly displaying the powerful side of genetic newcomers. They were also slowly letting ordinary people understand how different the Blue Star is now.

“This was the first time they broadcast the live broadcast of the actual combat exchange between the students from your school and the India Sector. However, many of the images had been processed.”

Xu Jianguo suddenly asked, “I saw that a portion of your combat footage was taken away. Did someone die? Did you kill another one?”

After a moment of silence, Xu Tui nodded.

Xu Jianguo was silent for a while.

“I’ve also gone to the Genetic Evolution College and know some things. At your level, the consumption of cultivation should be very high, right?” Xu Jianguo suddenly asked.

Xu Tui nodded subconsciously when he heard that, but he immediately shook his head. “Dad, it’s alright. The school’s subsidies are very high.”

“Yes, I know. Your mother and I discussed it tonight. We’re preparing to sell this house in Jincheng Prefecture. It should be able to sell for 700,000 to 800,000 yuan. This money should be able to support your cultivation for a period of time.”

“Don’t, Dad. I really don’t need it. I can earn money on my own. Where are you going to live after I sell the house? You can’t sell it!”

“Anyway, it’s just your mother and me now. We can rent a one-bedroom apartment. It’s only two thousand a month. It’s comfortable and reassuring.”

Xu Tui became anxious when he heard that. “Dad, please don’t sell the house. I can take care of the money for my cultivation now.”

“Yes, I believe you have the ability. Okay, your mother wants to talk to you…”

The video call immediately went to her mother, Zhang Xiuli. She was in pain and tears. There were all kinds of questions.

Xu Tui was actually a little annoyed as he answered those questions. However, he knew that his mother was probably the only person in the world who cared about his details. Therefore, he spoke patiently for a while.

He finally hung up after a while.

Xu Tui only heaved a sigh of relief after he hung up the phone. He continued to do his homework. It was not easy to finish a 15,000-word assignment.

Fortunately, the requirement was within three days.

Otherwise, today’s cultivation would be severely delayed.

Although he had not finished his homework, he had already reflected on himself.

When it was about time, Xu Tui continued to conquer the eighth genetic base point of the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

….

Friday, 10 a.m.

Xu Tui, who had been on the bus for two hours, finally arrived at the base in Jingdu Prefecture of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association. He came to see Shen Jiushuang.

Xu Tui’s original plan was to find some time to come over on Sunday when he was on break.

In any case, he had already successfully opened his fundamental dantian. According to his agreement with Shen Jiushuang, Shen Jiushuang would accept him as his last disciple after he activated his fundamental dantian within seven days.

Xu Tui had wanted to give it a try before. He did not take it too seriously. However, after watching the battle between Cui Xi and Rankhan, the powerful defense ability of the Ancient Genetic Energy Field immediately attracted his attention.

The energy field of the genetic ancient martial arts. Once Xu Tui successfully activated the genetic chain, it meant that he would be protected by a layer of protective armor. It could also magically stop the bleeding. His combat defense and battlefield survival abilities would definitely increase greatly.

He had to hurry up and cultivate. He had to gain the attention of Old Master Shen Jiushuang.

Xu Tui had been recruited as a special student by An Xiaoxue. He had received many tangible and intangible benefits.

In that case, if Xu Tui displayed enough talent, he would receive enough attention from Shen Jiushuang and obtain more cultivation resources and benefits.

He was already regretting his late arrival. He should have come on Monday or Tuesday. However, four days ago, Xu Tui had been too busy with the actual combat. He did not have a flying vehicle. It would take more than four hours to travel back and forth to the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association building.

“Will Old Master Shen believe me if I say that I activated my fundamental dantian in one night?” Xu Tui was a little worried.