Chapter 185 - Vajra Tide Force Field (2)

Chapter 185: Vajra Tide Force Field (2)

He had found the feeling of Qi in one hour, activated his fundamental dantian in four days, and became a Flying Sword Warrior.

Meng Sixi felt a little sour and uncomfortable. However, it was only for a moment. He was actually used to it.

To be honest, Xu Tui wanted to see Shen Jiushuang’s surprised expression. After all, the goal Shen Jiushuang set for Xu Tui last Sunday was to activate his fundamental dantian in seven days.

...

However, Xu Tui said that he had taken four days. He felt that Old Master Shen would be very surprised.

Xu Tui only saw Shen Jiushuang 15 minutes later. The old man personally guided the last student before walking over steadily. When he saw Xu Tui, there was only a faint joy in his eyes.

This surprised Xu Tui. He was not surprised at all. This made him feel that it was not too strange to activate his fundamental dantian in three to four days.

“You’ve activated your fundamental dantian?” Old Master Shen sat down and waited for Meng Sixi to brew the tea before he asked calmly.

“Yes.”

“Four days?” Shen Jiushuang asked.

Xu Tui hesitated for a moment before telling the truth. No matter what, he had to show his future teacher.

“It should be a day. The morning after I went back last week, I activated my fundamental dantian. However, I’ve been too busy recently, so I came over today. Murong knows.” Xu Tui was afraid that Shen Jiushuang would not believe him, so he even dragged Luo Murong along to testify.

Xu Tui was no longer afraid of exposing these things. In any case, no matter how awesome it was, the Genetic Miracle was right above him. Otherwise, how could it be called a miracle? It would be faster to activate genetic base points. The method used by Genetic Miracles could explain this.

However, what surprised Xu Tui was that when Shen Jiushuang heard that he had activated his fundamental dantian within a day, the teacup in his hand did not even shake.

This did not meet Xu Tui’s expectations at all. Shouldn’t he be shocked? Then he would be pleasantly surprised. Then, he would wave his hand and give Xu Tui a lot of cultivation resources so that Xu Tui could reap the benefits.

Shen Jiushuang took a sip of tea when he saw Xu Tui’s stunned expression. He then revealed a look of disdain.

Little thing! You want to scare me?

Luo Murong had called him at noon on Monday to tell him about this. However, Shen Jiushuang was indeed shocked at that time.

One day. It might only be half a day. Damn it, could it be any scarier?

In the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association, there were people who activated their fundamental dantian within half a day. There were even people who activated it within two hours.

However, those people were all legends. They had long become an existence that even Shen Jiushuang had to look up to. But now, a student who had activated his fundamental dantian in less than half a day had suddenly appeared in front of Shen Jiushuang. Shen Jiushuang was no longer surprised.

It was a shock!

When he received Luo Murong’s call at noon on Monday, Shen Jiushuang’s first reaction was, “Am I really old? Even my ears can’t function well and had gone deaf!”

He thought he had misheard. However, after confirming again, he realized that he did not hear wrongly.

But the truth was really shocking!

It had only been a night.

At that moment, Shen Jiushuang was stunned. For a moment, he wanted to rush to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and recruit Xu Tui. It was fine even if he had to fork out some money.

However, Shen Jiushuang had gone through a lot. Not to mention that he was extremely cunning, his intelligence and temperament, which he had trained his entire life, were definitely not bad.

Things that were delivered to his door were often not valued. They might even be doubted.

Therefore, Shen Jiushuang sat quietly in the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association and waited for Xu Tui to arrive. However, he felt a little anxious after waiting for four days.

And this came about to this scene, where Xu Tui was stunned. He already knew the outcome, so he was naturally not shocked.

However, Meng Sixi was stunned. It was as if he had been struck by lightning. There was only one concept in his mind: He activated it in a day. What kind of monstrous aptitude was this?

Suddenly, Meng Sixi felt a little pessimistic. It would probably not be easy to be his senior brother. However, in the next moment, Meng Sixi became happy again. It seemed like everyone had been crushed by Xu Tui’s talent. They would suffer together. How comfortable!

“Yes, I’ll send a message to ask Murong.”

The older the ginger, the spicier it was. He had to act out the whole scene.

Shen Jiushuang sent a message in front of Xu Tui. A few seconds later, he suddenly smiled.

“You have indeed activated your fundamental dantian in a day. Your aptitude is not bad. How about it? Are you willing to be my last disciple?” Shen Jiushuang sipped his tea and asked slowly.

Actually, he was a little anxious. He only had these words in his mind: Hurry up and agree, hurry up and agree!

“This… Mr. Shen, may I ask what I can learn? What I mean is, compared to ordinary members of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association, can I learn anything different from you?”

Xu Tui was no longer the inexperienced high school student who had just entered university. Over the past two months, he had gone through one transformation after another. At the same time, he realized his value from another aspect.

He could not sell himself out in a daze.

Shen Jiushuang’s hand trembled for the first time when he heard Xu Tui’s words. He knew that the kid opposite him was making a request for treatment.

If Meng Sixi had dared to say such a thing, he would have kicked him a long time ago. It was up to him whether he wanted to come or not. If he dared to raise any conditions, he could go play somewhere else.

However, the old man could not kick Xu Tui away. It was just that this kid’s aptitude had not been spread out yet. If it were to be spread out, someone would probably beat him up immediately. If they beat him out, Xu Tui would no longer belong to him.

“Learn something different?” Shen Jiushuang pondered for a moment and slowly said, “I have the cultivation method to Major Heavenly Cycle genetic chain here. After you master it, you will feel as if you have become an immortal.”

“Then can ordinary members of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association learn the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain Cultivation Technique?” Xu Tui asked.

As soon as these words were spoken, the teacup in Shen Jiushuang’s hand trembled slightly, and his mentality became a little unstable.

“Yes, but you have to contribute and be promoted to a B-rank member of the Genetic Association. I can teach you directly.”

Xu Tui remained unmoved when he heard that. It did not seem to be that rare.

“This… I have a physical flying technique here. How about it?” Shen Jiushuang smiled.

“Physical flying?”

Xu Tui did not do anything.

Meng Sixi, who was behind Xu Tui, was stunned. A physical flying technique? Among all the disciples, only the Eldest Senior Brother and Second Senior Brother had received the physical flying technique. The others were not qualified. His master had never even mentioned this in front of him before. Why did his master suddenly give it to Xu Tui? Wasn’t this treatment too different?

To be honest, Xu Tui was a little surprised when he first heard about the physical flying technique. However, the attraction was not great.

Flying with a physical body was nothing. Xu Tui would be the most handsome man in the universe in the future to be able to fly on a sword. The future Flying Sword Warrior.

How could he be attracted to physical flight? He was still not that tempted.

Shen Jiushuang’s eyelids twitched. He was a little anxious.

“I have an energy domain. As your cultivation increases, the range of this energy domain will increase. Within a certain range, it will be like the Eye of God. An ordinary ambush will not affect you at all,” Shen Jiushuang said.

“This… seems to be similar to my mental perception.”

Xu Tui even felt that it was not as good as his mental perception.

Shen Jiushuang’s expression changed. He thought for a moment and suddenly laughed. He was actually a little affected by Xu Tui’s monstrous talent. He did not grasp the key points.

There was only one key point in taking Xu Tui in: What did Xu Tui lack?

What did Xu Tui lack?

Others might not know, but Old Master Shen, who had watched the live broadcast yesterday, already knew.

“I have seniors here who have studied the Golden Bell Shield, Iron Shirt, Indestructible Vajra Body, and many other hard body techniques for more than 30 years. They have combined the modern genetic energy field theory.

“It is a secret technique that requires the activation of special genetic base points to protect one’s body.

“Its full name was the Vajra Tide Force Field. The Vajra Tide Force Field was divided into five levels. There would not be more than ten people on the entire Blue Star who would have a complete version.

“I am one of them. What do you think?”

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up as Shen Jiushuang spoke.

“Elder Shen, can you tell me what this Vajra Tide Force Field is?”