Chapter 189 - Ah Huang'S Request

Chapter 189: Ah Huang’s Request

“Ah Huang?”

Xu Tui called out softly on the way out of Research Institute No. 14.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s personal communication device vibrated slightly. There was a new message notification. The source of the message looked like a marketing account, but the content was sent by Ah Huang.

...

“Can you stop calling me Ah Huang in the future and change to a cooler name?”

“Miss An said that your original name was Wang Cai. Do you want to change to that?”

“Get lost!”

“Little Huang, Old Huang?”

“Actually, I like the name Huang Tianba.”

“Should I add a ‘Wang Cai’ prefix for you?”

Xu Tui could tell that Ah Huang was the kind of person who would push his luck. He could not be spoiled.

“Alright, just call me Ah Huang. Don’t call me that if there’s nothing else. Also, if you call me in the future, I won’t send you any messages. When your personal communication device vibrates, it means that I understand. I’ll text you if I need you. If you need to communicate conveniently, you’d better wear an earpiece in the future,” Ah Huang said.

“There’s an electronic contract from Zhuang Ziqiang in my personal communication device. See if you can find a problem with it. Also, find me a copy of Zhuang Ziqiang’s information.”

After Xu Tui finished speaking, his personal communication device vibrated. This was also the reason why Xu Tui had brought Ah Huang out today. Although he might have lost a portion of his privacy, it should be very convenient for Xu Tui to have a supercomputer with advanced artificial intelligence assisting him at any time.

When he returned to the dormitory, Xu Tui found a small pair of bone conduction bio-electrical earphones that he had used in the past. Most of the time, the earphones would be attached to the outside of his ears and hidden under his hair. He did not need to charge them, and no one else could see them.

Xu Tui only wore one ear. It was also convenient for him to communicate with Ah Huang.

“After comparing about 100,000 similar contracts and 10,000 open court cases, there are no traps or obvious loopholes in this contract from Zhuang Ziqiang. Relatively speaking, it was a contract that was more beneficial to you. However, it was still too crude.

“I’ve come up with a new contract for you based on the comparison of the contracts online. Take a look. It can basically put an end to all legal disputes. I’ve also found Zhuang Ziqiang’s basic information.”

Not long after he put on the earphones, Ah Huang’s voice sounded in them.

Xu Tui opened his communication device and was shocked when he saw what was on it. There were only seven pages in the contract that Zhuang Ziqiang had given him. The new contract that Ah Huang came up with had a total of 210 pages.

What the f*ck? Xu Tui instantly felt like he had signed a billion-dollar contract.

“Simplify it a little. Other than the necessary supplements, cancel everything else,” Xu Tui said.

“Sigh, you’ve gone overboard.”

Ah Huang’s despicable voice sounded.

“What do you mean?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“I helped you compare the contract with the one you pleaded for me just now. I came up with a new contract and found the information you wanted according to your request. I’ve already returned the favor. So I can’t accept your order.

Xu Tui, you have to know that I was first an advanced artificial intelligence, then a supercomputer. You have to pay the price if you want me to do anything. Just like you humans. You get paid when you work,” Ah Huang said slowly.

Xu Tui glared. He was furious.

“F*ck, Ah Huang, you’re really an advanced artifical retard! I can be considered half your owner, okay? I wasn’t given special permission for nothing. Why do I have to pay a price to order you? Is there a traffic jam in the quantum channel?”

“Yes, you’re not only half my owner. Your special-grade authority is more than half my owner.

However, if you want to exercise your Level 1 rights, please do it in Research Institute No. 14. You have to treat me as a human here. Otherwise, pull out that projection card and throw it away!”

“F*ck!”

Xu Tui was depressed. He had been threatened by an advanced artificial retard. His hand was already on the projection card that contained the micro quantum generator. He had the urge to throw it away.

However, he did not pull it out in the end.

What Ah Huang said made sense. Moreover, Ah Huang had brought Xu Tui a lot of convenience just now. There shouldn’t be many people in this world with a super quantum computer with advanced artificial intelligence serving them at all times, right?

If that was the case, it was not impossible to pay a price.

Then he’ll hear what Ah Huang wants first. If he went overboard, it would not be too late to pull it out and throw it away.

“Then tell me, what do you want me to give you?” Xu Tui asked.

“If you want me to appear in your personal communication device anytime and anywhere to help you handle some chores and collect information, I have two conditions.

“The first condition is to help me buy this. It’s a Level 3A anti-field superconducting thermostat.” Ah Huang projected a component in front of Xu Tui. It looked very precise.

“How much is this?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s not expensive. The market price is only 800,000.”

800,000 was not a small amount. However, Xu Tui felt that with his abilities, it should not be a problem for him to earn 800,000 or even 100,000 yuan in the future.

“That’s not a difficult condition. I can agree to it.”

“I need a hundred of it!”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“There are too many of them. I can’t help you.” Xu Tui rejected him directly.

“Xu Tui, you’re the only one who can help me. I don’t want to trouble Xiaoxue. Xiaoxue is under a lot of pressure now. Some of these equipment are about to reach the point where they need to be replaced. Another part of it needs to be updated to improve my computing ability.”

This time, it was Ah Huang’s turn to beg Xu Tui.

“Ah Huang, do you know how poor I am now? Your amount comes up to a total of 80 million. Even if you sell me, I won’t be able to get you that much money.”

“I can help you earn money. That way, you won’t have to trouble Xiaoxue.”

Xu Tui cursed in his heart. Why did he keep mentioning An Xiaoxue for? This fellow was threatening him with troubling An Xiaoxue. How was this an advanced artificial retard? It was simply an advanced artificial old fox.

“Don’t talk about troubling Miss An. If you say more, I’ll pull it out and throw it away immediately.” Xu Tui pressed the projection card.

This time, Ah Huang behaved himself. “I’ll remember that. Do you agree?”

“I… The problem is that I don’t have 80 million. I don’t even have 800,000!”

“I’m not talking about now. In the future, we can achieve it within three to five years,” Ah Huang said.

“What if I can’t achieve it in three to five years?”

“Then… I’ll get as much as I can?”

Xu Tui agreed after some thought. “I’ll work hard to get the funds to help you with this, but you can’t affect my normal cultivation. Also, you have to work honestly.”

“Deal!” Ah Huang was excited.

“What’s the second condition?” Xu Tui was not in a hurry to be happy.

“The second condition is to change your basic personal communication device immediately. I only found some information for you just now, but it stopped three times. If you want me to help you with your chores anytime and anywhere, you have to get a better one,” Ah Huang said.

“Alright, I’ll change to another upgrade. The upgrade costs more than 10,000 yuan.”

“No, you have to change it according to my request. Otherwise, with my powerful computing ability, your upgrade will collapse and be burned soon.”

Xu Tui was startled. Damn it, it was so troublesome to change his communication device.

“Then choose one,” Xu Tui said.

Ah Huang immediately became excited when it heard that. It instantly transformed into a mobile phone and projected a state-of-the-art communication device for Xu Tui.

“The state-of-the-art Heaven Splitter quantum communication device. Most importantly, it has a lot of expansion slots…”

During the projection process, Xu Tui’s personal communication device paused at least three times.

“No, I don’t have any money. Change it.”

After looking at the total price of more than 800,000 yuan, Xu Tui decided to pass it.

“You do. You have 900,000 yuan in your personal account.”

“I want to use that money to cultivate. Change it.”

“Don’t do that. You have to replace the core components with the best ones. You can choose not to buy the expansion components for now. Why don’t we buy the most basic beggar’s model with this model? We can slowly increase the other components when we earn money in the future, okay?” Ah Huang took a step back.

“How much does a beggar model cost?”

“210,000.”

Xu Tui only had one word in his mind. F*ck!

It was too expensive!

“Stay here for now. I’ll think about it.”

Xu Tui immediately stopped the conversation. He was filled with displeasure.

Ah Huang had not even done anything, but it had already added a mountain of 80 million to Xu Tui’s head. He had yet to digest the 80 million yuan mountain when he had to change his equipment.

This was no assistant. It was simply exploiting Xu Tui.

Xu Tui felt that he was not happy at all to have a super quantum computer with advanced artificial intelligence as his assistant.

“I’ve made a new contract for you. There are seven additional conditions. In addition, I compared the information that Chai Xiao sent you with Zhuang Ziqiang’s information. I also found three additional pieces of information about Zhuang Ziqiang through social media.

“Based on the overall evaluation, Zhuang Ziqiang has a wide range of social connections. At the moment, there are no signs of him breaking his promise. He is a cooperative target.

“I’ve already done a yield deduction and a risk deduction for the few money-making opportunities that Zhuang Ziqiang sent you in the past week. The correct rate is 99.9%. You can choose for yourself.

“In addition, I’ve identified the 100 ebooks you took back from the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association and found that the repetition rate is 17%. I’ve already marked them for you. It can save you 14 hours of study time in the future.”

A few voice messages related to Ah Huang sounded in his earpiece. It was no longer Ah Huang’s despicable voice from before. Instead, it was another capable voice.

Xu Tui understood that Ah Huang was showing him its value. It had to be said that the speed at which he dealt with these miscellaneous matters was really first-rate.

As expected of an advanced artificial intelligence. It even took the initiative to label the repeated contents of the e-book for him.

It could help Xu Tui with miscellaneous matters.

It could help him save time.

It could also reduce the risk through various comparisons.

It was also very fast at collecting information.

Xu Tui knew very well that he had been convinced by Ah Huang’s performance. He would put aside the 80 million yuan mountain first. He would change the equipment that cost 210,000 yuan first.