Chapter 188 - Something That Can Punish Ah Huang

Chapter 188: Something That Can Punish Ah Huang

Xu Tui delivered food to An Xiaoxue every day at noon on Saturday.

There was a portion of garlic oil with wheat vegetables, a portion of fried sea fish, and a small portion of sweet corn rice.

They were basically all to An Xiaoxue’s taste.

...

Actually, he should have brought a fruit salad. However, these things were a little expensive in the restaurant, he felt that it would be better if he made them himself.

Xu Tui had thought about eating with An Xiaoxue. But that would mean that the takeover amount would be too much. The key was that the takeaway cost was not cheap.

He would save what he could. Actually, he just wanted to save some money.

Xu Tui arrived at Research Institute No. 14 at 12:30 p.m. He ate quickly by himself.

In Zuo Qingqing’s words, that was not eating, it was pouring.

An Xiaoxue did not say much. She took the food that Xu Tui had bought and slowly ate it.

Xu Tui washed his hands and took out a banana from the fridge. He peeled it and he cut it into sections. He peeled an apple and cut it into pieces. A tangerine was skinned and dissected. A dragon fruit was peeled and cut.

He took out a transparent glass bowl. Actually, from a girl’s point of view, it would be a glass bowl.

He put all the cut fruits in and shook them evenly with his mind power. Then, he poured a box of yogurt over them and shook them gently.

The homemade fruit salad was completed. Two transparent fruit forks were placed. And voila! Perfect!

Life required a sense of ritual. Fruits could be eaten just like that, but a fruit salad required a sense of ritual.

Xu Tui had learned this from his father. It was delicious and healthy. The key was that it saved money and could be eaten by two people.

“Miss An, I made a fruit salad. Try a piece.” Xu Tui handed over a fruit fork and ate a piece for himself.

An Xiaoxue ate a small piece first, then another.

“How is it?”

“Not bad. It’s not too sweet like the fruit salad outside. It’s just right. Eh, Xu Tui, you can cook?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Just barely. My parents have to work and are quite busy. However, in order to let me eat better, they have been cooking at home. I often help them out. Sometimes, when they come back late or on weekends, I will cook something for myself when I’m older. Anyway, as long as there are ingredients at home, I won’t starve to death,” Xu Tui said.

An Xiaoxue was stunned. She nodded gently and said, “That’s great.”

Xu Tui did not quite understand what An Xiaoxue meant by that. He saw An Xiaoxue pouting at a document beside her.

“Sign that document later. Then, go to the service hall on the 16th floor of the Research Institute. You’ve been there before. Update your information. Change your identity verification information. Also, register your personal account information in the Finance Department of the Genetic Research Institute.”

“What’s this?”

“See for yourself.”

“Assistant researcher?” Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. “I’ve become an assistant researcher? Miss An, does that mean that I have a job and can get my salary?”

Happiness came very suddenly. There was a world of difference between an intern researcher and an assistant researcher.

Assistant researcher was both a position and a title.

“Yes, something like that. You’ll get your salary next month. However, because you’re still a student, your salary is still a little low.

“About 10,000 yuan a month. Therefore, I applied for a special research allowance of 10,000 yuan a month in the name of our Research Institute Number 14. This is from our research funds account. I can transfer this to you now.”

Xu Tui’s surprise was indescribable. Was ten thousand yuan a month not high? It was high for him! Xu Tui’s parents only received slightly more than 10,000 a month.

In addition to the 10,000 yuan special research allowance. It was more than 20,000 a month. It was a high income!

Xu Tui instantly felt that he was on the path to becoming a tall, rich, and handsome man. His children will definitely be a rich second-generation heir in the future!

However, when Xu Tui converted 20,000 yuan into Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs, he felt a little dispirited. He could only buy four bottles.

Four bottles were not enough for one night.

“Ah Huang, give it to him now,” An Xiaoxue instructed softly.

A few seconds later, Xu Tui received two messages on his communication device.

The content of the message stunned Xu Tui.

The first message indicated that Xu Tui’s personal income in August was 10,000 yuan.

The second message indicated that Xu Tui had received 620,000 yuan into his personal account. The source of the transfer was the Research Institute Number 14. The transfer memo said that it was a gift.

“Ah Huang, did you make a mistake? Why did you transfer 620,000 yuan in cash?” Xu Tui was surprised.

“I’m a super quantum computer with advanced artificial intelligence. How can I make such a low-level mistake? This is what Xiaoxue instructed.” Ah Huang’s despicable voice sounded.

“Miss An?”

“Do you remember when I fought Haruji during the actual exchange on Thursday? Prov forcefully intervened and saved Haruji’s life.”

“I remember. After that, he used five species of mutated creatures unique to the India Sector as an apology. He gave 10 of each species to Principal Wen as a gift. It’s like this.”

“Do you think that the old man in the India Sector is very generous? It seems like he’s quite a good person, doesn’t it?” An Xiaoxue snorted. “Don’t be fooled by his appearance. That old man, Prov, is very cunning.

“This unique mutated species was indeed very valuable for research. However, in terms of research base, ten of each species was not enough. With such a research base, it was impossible to carry out effective research. Moreover, the mutated species that he mentioned are indeed unique to the India Sector. However, the Huaxia Sector does not care about them,” An Xiaoxue said.

This time, Xu Tui was a little confused. “Miss An, weren’t those species unique to India Sector? Why is the Huaxia Sector not interested in it?”

“Do you understand the clearing mission? Among the clearing missions, the most abundant and profitable one is to search for all kinds of mutated species and bring them back. There were so many people doing clearing missions. Therefore, it was not rare for the old man to send over mutated creatures that were unique to India Sector.

“Moreover, it has no research value to the Research Institute Number 14, so I sold all of them. There’s a total of 620,000 yuan after tax deduction. I heard from Ah Huang that you seem to be short of money recently and have been thinking of ways to get money. I’ll transfer it to you first,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was stunned. He looked up again. Why did Ah Huang know everything? However, he could not accept the money.

“Miss An, our research institute is short of money. You should keep this money for the research institute. I can earn it myself.”

“The lack of research funds for the research institute has been resolved by you. Take a look at another document.”

The document this time was directly projected to Xu Tui by Ah Huang.

Xu Tui was amused when he saw it.

Professor Luo Shifeng was quite efficient.

He had just released the results on Tuesday, but he had already completed the preliminary replication and written the research thesis on Saturday. He had even passed the approval of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

This efficiency was too impressive.

Xu Tui instantly thought of something else.

The bonus! If this research produced results, there would definitely be a lot of bonuses. Therefore, Xu Tui could not accept the 620,000 that An Xiaoxue had given him.

“Cut the crap. Just accept what I give you. If you don’t accept it, you won’t be able to receive it in the future,” An Xiaoxue suddenly said.

“Why is that?” Xu Tui was confused.

“That’s because our Research Institute Number 14 uses more research funds every year. In the past, Ah Huang was always in charge of the detailed declaration of funds. However, because there had not been much progress in the past few years, the Research Institute had to send a financial inspector to our Research Institute No. 14.

“Although the use of our funds has always been regulated, it might not be as convenient as it is now in the future. Consider this money as an additional reward from the Research Institute Number 14. If we transfer it to you in advance, no one will be able to say no.”

“Tsk, it’s all because you’re too stingy. You couldn’t even bear to buy a fruit salad and had to make it yourself. Xiaoxue couldn’t stand it anymore, so she transferred the money to you.”

Xu Tui was thinking when Ah Huang, a high-level artificial retard, suddenly said this.

“Wouldn’t it be healthier and tastier to cook for myself?” Xu Tui was furious.

“Yes, your fruit salad does taste better. I like it very much.” An Xiaoxue took the initiative to help Xu Tui out. Then, she said softly, “Ah Huang, write down the 100 sounds of a dog barking using your computer language simulation. Then, copy it a hundred times on the projection screen.”

An Xiaoxue had said that to Ah Huang.

Ah Huang, who had been trying to make things difficult for Xu Tui, instantly surrendered and begged, “Xiaoxue, I… I didn’t do it on purpose. I just wanted to tease…”

“Two hundred types of barking.”

An Xiaoxue’s words silenced Ah Huang.

Xu Tui was shocked. This punishment was simply amazing!

This was the first time Xu Tui had seen a supercomputer being punished by data. It was even afraid of it!

Right, advanced artificial intelligence. If it was a pure supercomputer, what was there to be afraid of? However, Ah Huang was an advanced artificial intelligence, so this punishment was very effective.

“Is Ah Huang afraid of dogs barking?”

At the same time, Xu Tui felt extremely comfortable.

Who asked a high-level artificial retard like you to cause trouble again? Do you know who the host is now?

Just as Xu Tui was feeling happy, he received another message on his communication device. The contents of the message shocked Xu Tui.

“Hurry up and plead with Xiaoxue for me. We’re on the same side.”

This was really advanced artificial intelligence. It could even send Xu Tui a message.

Xu Tui immediately connected the dots. He thought about the ability that Ah Huang had displayed previously…

“Miss An, Ah Huang was just joking with me. It’s just a blabbermouth. It’s used to fighting with me. Your punishment sounds very powerful. Why don’t you stop?” Xu Tui pleaded.

An Xiaoxue thought for a moment. Perhaps she felt that her reaction was a little too much. In the end, she nodded.

“The punishment is canceled.”

This time, Ah Huang, the high-level artificial retard, did not show off again. Instead, it secretly sent a message to Xu Tui’s communication device. “Thanks, brother.”

Xu Tui felt a little depressed when he saw this.

F*ck! Was he addressing a high-level artificial retard as his brother?

Xu Tui casually cleaned up after he finished his meal. He did not leave immediately. Instead, he took the opportunity while An Xiaoxue was resting to chat with Ah Huang.

“Ah Huang, can you enter the Internet world outside?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course, I can enter even if I’m just an ordinary user. Moreover… Heh, you know my methods.”

“From what Miss An said, you’re quite good at collecting information?”

“It’s more than good.” Ah Huang’s voice revealed arrogance and pride.

“Oh, then how can I contact you when I’m outside?”

“If you’re outside, I’ll be able to find you anytime, anywhere. However, if you want to contact me anytime, anywhere, I’ll need to use some methods,” Ah Huang said.

“What means?”

A projection card-like object was suddenly delivered to Xu Tui by a mechanical hand.

“What’s this?”

“A projection card. The core inside is a micro quantum signal generator. Insert it into your personal communication device and you can contact me anytime.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.