Chapter 187 - You'Re Only Need To Sign

Chapter 187: You’re Only Need To Sign

Xu Tui had thought that there would be a lot of books. However, Senior Brother Meng Sixi only brought 20 paper books and a projection card. These 20 paper books could not be read on the public website, so they were borrowed separately. However, there were more than a hundred books in the projection card.

Meng Sixi was no longer jealous of this junior brother who had secretly entered the sect. He felt that Xu Tui was no longer the target of his jealousy because he was too high above him. He could not feel the jealousy. He had to look up to just the Flying Sword Warrior.

Therefore, Meng Sixi planned to introduce Xu Tui to his senior brothers in the future. He believed that the expressions on those senior brothers’ faces would be very interesting.

...

Next, Meng Sixi spent an hour explaining the situation within the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association to Xu Tui in detail, including the identification of the members and their contributions.

Of course, Xu Tui did not need to worry about this for the time being with Shen Jiushuang as his backer.

Xu Tui planned to leave early. This way, he could rush back to school before class in the afternoon.

However, his new master, Shen Jiushuang, arranged a meal for Xu Tui at noon. He introduced a few people to Xu Tui, including the person-in-charge of the Capital Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association. It could be considered one of the invisible benefits.

It was almost two o’clock in the afternoon after the meal. Xu Tui still had to squeeze through the bus and subway.

Taxis were not expensive, but they were also very congested. Public transportation was much safer. Of course, he could be sent to school in half an hour by taxi. However, the problem was that he could not afford it!

At this stage, Xu Tui could only use his time to save money.

However, when Xu Tui was waiting for the bus outside the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association, a luxury repulsion vehicle suddenly stopped beside him and lowered the window.

Before Xu Tui could rejoice, Mei Qingfei leaned out of the repulsive force flying car.

“Eh, Little Flying Sword, you’re alone today. Why didn’t Brother Murong bring you along?” Mei Qingfei asked Xu Tui.

“I’m doing something private. Eh, has your car been fixed?”

Xu Tui knew that he was wrong the moment he said that. The chance to hitch a ride was gone! His level of chatting was too f*cking high.

As expected, Mei Qingfei’s face darkened. She pushed with her hand, and the repulsive force instantly accelerated, throwing a large ball of air toward Xu Tui’s face. “Since Brother Murong isn’t here, then take your time.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

….

In the afternoon, Xu Tui decisively skipped class.

The main reason was that Zhuang Ziqiang had sent a cooperation agreement along with a few suggestions to earn some quick money in the short term.

He had to start making money on Sunday. Otherwise, he would not have been able to cultivate for more than ten days with the money he had left after he had taken out the loan.

Sunday was a rather ample time to make use of.

However, Xu Tui still went to the emergency center to visit Chi Hongying. He then handed the cooperation agreement to Chai Xiao. He asked the law firm behind Chai Xiao to see if there were any problems with the contract.

The percentage that Zhuang Ziqiang had set was not high. It was within the range that Xu Tui could accept. However, he still had to be careful about the contract trap.

However, Xu Tui suddenly received good news when he was visiting Chi Hongying.

On Saturday night, the school would hold a celebration party for their victory in the actual combat competition.

That was not the good news. This was to be expected.

The good news was that the additional reward might be cash! The number might not be less than 100,000!

It was good news to Xu Tui as long as he had money. A hundred thousand was a lot. He could cultivate for a few more days with this amount.

…

Saturday morning.

An Xiaoxue, who rarely left the Research Institute Number 14, wore a white coat and a blue mask. She arrived at the 28th floor of the Genetic Research Institute’s office building and knocked on the door of one of the offices.

The door opened. The person sitting inside was the Vice-Chairman of the Genetic Research Institute, Lu Guanqing.

Lu Guanqing had a lot of work to do. Every Wednesday morning and Saturday morning, he would be in the Genetic Research Institute dealing with official matters. An Xiaoxue could be said to have come on time.

Lu Guanqing was a little surprised to see An Xiaoxue. He asked his assistant to welcome her.

“Xiaoxue, you’re a rare guest. Why are you looking for me today?” Lu Guanqing was very kind.

“It’s like this, Vice-Chairman Lu. Our Research Institute Number 14 accepted an intern researcher who is also a student. He has been an intern for almost two months now. Currently, most of the maintenance business of the Research Institute Number 14 is handed over to him.

“That’s why I specially came to you to solve his identity problem. It just so happens that our Research Institute Number 14 has been short-handed.”

An Xiaoxue handed over Xu Tui’s information as she spoke.

Lu Guanqing smiled and took the documents from An Xiaoxue. He looked at them carefully but shook his head as he read.

“Xiaoxue, I know that the Research Institute Number 14 is short-handed. However, Xu Tui is still a student. He did not have any research results and was directly promoted to an assistant researcher. This is against the rules. I can’t sign your application,” Lu Guanqing said gently.

“How about this? I can’t approve his status as an assistant researcher, but I can approve the 10,000 yuan monthly special research allowance that you applied for for Xu Tui. Also, isn’t the Research Institute Number 14 short of people? I have two candidates for assistant researchers. Pick one.”

Lu Guanqing smiled and took out two sets of information.

An Xiaoxue did not even look.

“Our Research Institute Number 14 doesn’t need any other assistants.” As she spoke, An Xiaoxue pushed Xu Tui’s information back to Lu Guanqing. “Vice-Chairman Lu, according to the rules, you have to approve Xu Tui as an assistant researcher.

“Also, the 40 million research funds that you deducted from the short-term research project of our Research Institute Number 14 have to be redistributed,” An Xiaoxue said as she looked at Lu Guanqing quietly.

Lu Guanqing looked at the serious An Xiaoxue and suddenly laughed. “Xiaoxue, are you serious?”

“I’m always serious.”

“Reason? Or rather, which of your requirements meets the rules of our Genetic Research Institute?”

“Vice-Chairman Lu, Xu Tui has indeed produced relevant results. He has also obtained the approval of Principal Wen Xinglun, who also holds a position in the Huaxia Genetic Research Institute. All the results have been reported.

“The reason I asked you to come here today is to ask you to sign the document as per the procedure. I’m not here to obtain your permission.”

An Xiaoxue’s voice was very calm, but it made Lu Guanqing inexplicably angry. She was only here to get his signature. Who did he think he was? A signature puppet?

This An Xiaoxue was too arrogant.

In an instant, the smile on Lu Guanqing’s face disappeared. “An Xiaoxue, I have to remind you that Xu Tui’s performance in the combat exchange a few days ago was astonishing. He was indeed very outstanding.

“However, such a result will not affect our Genetic Research Institute!”

An Xiaoxue frowned and pushed Xu Tui’s information to Lu Guanqing.

“Vice-Chairman Lu, are you sure you looked at the last page of the document? There are research results that have been approved by the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. They have been reported to the Huaxia Genetic Committee and are currently being reviewed!”

Lu Guanqing was a little puzzled because from what he knew, An Xiaoxue was not such a reckless person.

However, Xu Tui’s information was too simple. As a first-year student, the most outstanding thing he could bring out was his combat results. Therefore, he only flipped through it roughly.

So when he heard that there were research results that had already been recognized by the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and was reported to the Huaxia Genetic Committee, his expression immediately changed.

This meant that there were research results.

He took Xu Tui’s thick stack of documents and flipped to the last page. The last page was just a simple certificate issued by the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and an acceptance letter from the Huaxia Genetic Committee.

The title was: The eighth reflex-type genetic base point discovered by Xu Tui from the Research Institute Number 14’s intern and the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Professor Luo Shifeng has been verified. Five volunteers have been successfully replicated.

“Today, we have received a summary of the eighth reflexes-type genetic base point discovered by Xu Tui, an intern researcher at the Research Institute Number 14, and Luo Shifeng, a professor at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. We have begun to arrange for a reproduction of the test subjects. Please wait for good news.”

This was a letter from the Huaxia Genetic Committee.

These two pieces of evidence only represented one thing. Xu Tui had actually produced research results. His research results meant that the Research Institute Number 14 had also produced research results. Moreover, he was ranked first.

Lu Guanqing did not know if there was anything fishy about this. However, he knew that Luo Shifeng would not cooperate with An Xiaoxue if there was no huge price to pay for leaving his name in history.

Moreover, the certification of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College itself was a very authoritative certification.

This basically meant that this research had a result! In other words, the Research Institute Number 14 had really produced results.

In that case, there was no reason to deduct funds from the short-term research projects. Moreover, he had to give Xu Tui his assistant researcher position.

Otherwise, after this research was verified by the Huaxia Genetic Committee and published on the news, if Xu Tui was still an intern researcher, An Xiaoxue would just have to step in and say something. Lu Guanqing would most likely be the one to fall into the storm of public opinion.

Over the years, the Huaxia Sector had been extremely annoyed by the lack of results in the research industry.

In other words, what An Xiaoxue said was true.

Lu Guanqing could only sign on the paper today. He sensed that he had been ruthlessly defeated by An Xiaoxue.

However, he had a high status. He was naturally someone who could let go. Although he was very unhappy, he still signed it.

“Alright, Xu Tui’s status as an assistant researcher and the funds for the short-term research project of the Research Institute Number 14 will be completed within a working day.” Lu Guanqing suddenly smiled. “However, you have to choose one of the two candidates I recommended to you.”

“Why? What if I don’t choose?” This time, it was An Xiaoxue’s turn to be confused.

“The two people I recommended are the financial supervisors of the Research Institute Number 14. Yes, as assistant researchers. All the other research institutes had financial supervisors, except for the Research Institute Number 14. So, you have to choose one.

“Otherwise, before the financial inspector arrived, the research funds of the Research Institute Number 14 would not be allocated. Yes, including the funds for the long-term project related to the abnormal mind power load that were promised to the Research Institute Number 14.”

With that, Lu Guanqing leaned back slightly and waited for An Xiaoxue’s answer with a smile.

Lu Guanqing had thought of this arrangement after watching the actual combat two days ago. He had originally planned to send a document to the Research Institute Number 14 in a few days. He did not expect An Xiaoxue to come over today and ruthlessly beat him up. It was a slap to his face, so he took the opportunity to throw it out.

“The financial inspector?”

“Yes, you have to have one of them!” Lu Guanqing smiled. This was his counterattack.

“Oh, I see. Make the arrangements. I’ll welcome it.”

With that, An Xiaoxue picked up the application form that Lu Guanqing had just signed and left nonchalantly.

Lu Guanqing was left behind with a bored expression. This counterattack did not seem to have any effect. However, he finally managed to get into Research Institute No. 14.