Chapter 184 - Vajra Tide Force Field (1)

Chapter 184: Vajra Tide Force Field (1)

A very old-fashioned scene suddenly happened to Xu Tui.

Damn it, he could not enter.

Without the certification of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association, one could not enter the inner area of the association. It was impossible to sneak in. The elevator had to be identified, and the stairwell had a biometric identification device.

...

Xu Tui was a little depressed. Last time, it was Luo Murong who brought him here. The journey was extremely smooth. Before he left, he did not ask for Old Master Shen’s contact information. This was a little troublesome.

Could it be that he could only call Luo Murong?

“Miss, can you help me contact Old Master Shen and tell him that I really made an agreement with him? I made an appointment with Old Master Shen during his lecture last week. However, I left in a hurry and didn’t ask for his contact details.”

Xu Tui tried his best to assume a more handsome posture. Then, he smiled charmingly. He wanted to ask the receptionist to contact him.

“No!” The receptionist rejected him firmly. “If you want to contact other people, I can help you inform them. You have to make an appointment with Old Master Shen in order to meet him.”

Xu Tui was dejected. The honey trap had failed. It did not seem to have failed completely. She added thoughtfully, “It’s mainly because there are too many people from all over the world who want to see Old Master Shen. Every day, there are at least 300 people who want to see him. If I were to ask them one by one over the phone, our supervisor would fire me even without Old Master Shen saying anything.”

However, Xu Tui still heard a glimmer of hope.

“If you can contact others, can you contact Senior Brother Meng Sixi?”

“Senior Brother Meng, do you know each other?” The receptionist was very vigilant.

“Senior Brother Meng Sixi was also there when I agreed to meet Master Shen that day. He knows about me,” Xu Tui quickly confirmed.

“Alright, I’ll call and ask. If Senior Brother Meng doesn’t know about you, I have no choice.”

Xu Tui prayed that Senior Brother Meng Sixi would not cause too much trouble. Otherwise, he would have to disturb Luo Murong.

The surprise in the receptionist’s eyes told Xu Tui the answer.

About a minute later, a figure rushed toward Xu Tui with a gust of wind.

“Ah, it’s really you! Flying Sword Warrior! You vented our anger yesterday by doing those things to Hindustan.

“You don’t know, but I watched the live broadcast. When I found out that the India Sector actually used the excuse of leave of absence from school to let a third-year student become a second-year student to participate in the battle, my lungs were about to explode.

“These bastards are usually extremely shameless when dealing with us. I didn’t expect them to be so shameless when they came to your Huaxia Genetic Evolution College for an actual combat exchange.

“Well fought, well killed! Where’s your flying sword? Let me take a look!”

Meng Sixi, who had rushed down, praised Xu Tui fiercely. However, he hammered Xu Tui three times in just a few sentences.

Xu Tui felt that he would become shorter if he was hit again.

Meng Sixi’s words made the receptionist’s eyes suddenly light up. Flying Sword Warrior! It turned out that the person in front of her was the Flying Sword Warrior who had fought five people yesterday?

Unfortunately, Xu Tui had already been pulled into the elevator by Meng Sixi when the receptionist wanted his contact information.

“Hey, why didn’t you call in advance? Oh right, we didn’t exchange contact numbers. Let’s do it now.”

Xu Tui only reacted when he entered the elevator. It seemed that Senior Brother Meng Sixi had become his fan after the battle yesterday.

Not bad. It was a good start.

However, Meng Sixi’s words also revealed some information. The Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association seemed to have dealt with the India Sector many times.

They exchanged contact details. Meng Sixi looked at Xu Tui’s flying sword with envy.

In this day and age, luxury cars were not that rare. However, flying swords were definitely rare. Most importantly, 99% of people would not be able to use a flying sword even if they were given one.

After entering the inner area, Meng Sixi immediately called Xu Tui into his training room. He smiled and asked, “Our Flying Sword Warrior, you displayed your prowess yesterday. Why did you come to look for me today?”

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. It seemed that the receptionist had not made herself clear.

“Senior Brother Meng, I’m here to look for Old Master Shen.”

“You’re here to look for my master. Yes, he happens to be…”

Halfway through his sentence, Meng Sixi suddenly froze. He was stunned for a few seconds before he suddenly turned around and glared at Xu Tui.

“You… You’re not going to tell me that you’ve activated your fundamental dantian, are you?” After he finished speaking, Meng Sixi held his breath and stared at Xu Tui. He was afraid that Xu Tui would reveal an answer that he did not want to hear.

“It’s indeed activated. That’s why I came to look for Old Master Shen.”

“It’s only been… four days!”

Bang!

Meng Sixi felt something explode in his heart. It made him feel so uncomfortable. It felt like… the difference was huge!

This made Xu Tui retract the words he wanted to add. If he told them that he had activated his fundamental dantian in a day, it would not be a supplement, but a last hit.

“You… are really powerful. As expected of the Flying Sword Warrior. I’ll take you to see Master.”

The corners of Meng Sixi’s mouth turned bitter. He also felt a little uncomfortable. He was a little jealous. Most of them were uncomfortable and emotional.

Back then, he had spent 27 days activating his fundamental dantian. He felt very happy. Later on, many people spent less time than him.

However, Meng Sixi did not care much. In any case, they were not fellow disciples.

However, Xu Tui…