Chapter 197 - The Strongest Support

Chapter 197: The Strongest Support

Fire Lotus, 23 years old, five consecutive victories. He had a total of 13 wins and 2 losses. He was a Mystery Branch cultivator and a fire-type superb individual.

This was the information about Fire Lotus displayed in the regular arena of Sea Paradise.

However, the information that Ah Huang had gathered for Xu Tui through comparing the data was extremely detailed.

...

Fire Lotus’s real name is Nakamura Yuji. He was a 23-year-old fire-type superb individual who was a fourth-year student at the Konoha Genetic Evolution College in the Yamato Sector. He was currently a Level D genetic mutant.

The most recent cultivator level certification was two months ago.

Fire-type superb individuals were good at attacking. The fire-type superpowers that could be found were: Flame Explosion, Fire Meteor, Fire Arrow, Fire Wall. They could create a small sea of fire and control fire.

The ability to control fire was highlighted by Ah Huang.

The ability to control fire was a little special. Fire Lotus could instantly ignite and detonate some flammable and explosive things. Its power was more than ten times that of a normal explosion, and its lethality was extremely shocking.

He had started to appear in the regular arena of Sea Paradise a year ago. He had three consecutive victories in his first battle. Two of his opponents had been seriously injured and one had died.

He had defended the ring, but he was severely injured and defeated.

Six months ago, he came to Sea Paradise’s regular arena again. He won three consecutive rounds in his first battle and defended the arena until he won five rounds. But he was severely injured again.

A month ago, he came to Sea Paradise again and won four consecutive victories and became the five-wins arena lord.

Three of his opponents were dead and two were injured.

His fighting style was rather ferocious.

The death rate of the opponent he fought was close to 60%, far exceeding the average death rate of 12% of the regular arena in Sea Paradise.

It was also because of this fierce reputation that no one had challenged Fire Lotus recently. This allowed Fire Lotus to firmly occupy the position of the Arena Lord.

However, perhaps due to many considerations, Fire Lotus did not rush towards being a six-wins arena lord. Instead, he temporarily stabilized himself at the level of the five-wins arena lord.

Every weekend, he would come to Sea Paradise to compete and earn some arena fees. He was one of the more popular arena lords in Sea Paradise recently.

Ah Huang searched for the battle results that it could find in the Konoha Genetic Evolution College and the Yamato Sector. His strongest record had appeared a month and a half ago. He had severely injured a Level C genetic mutant of the Extreme Branch.

In the end, Ah Huang gave a comprehensive evaluation. “His strength is close to that of Saluka, who had fought with you before. He should be stronger than Saluka. You can fight him, but you have to be careful of his hidden attacks.”

Of course, the information Ah Huang gave was more detailed than that. The information showed that Fire Lotus had a girlfriend and a boyfriend.

With Ah Huang’s information as a foundation, Xu Tui felt much more at ease. He was even more confident that he would be able to win the challenge.

Moreover, it was not just this information.

After Xu Tui chose Fire Lotus as his opponent, Ah Huang sent Xu Tui five combat videos in one go.

They were all within six months.

The three combat videos were of Fire Lotus in the Yamato Sector. The other two were Fire Lotus in the regular arena.

Zhuang Ziqiang had already submitted Xu Tui’s challenge request. The manager of Sea Paradise’s regular arena immediately agreed and made arrangements.

The order of the challenge was arranged in the fourth round, about thirty minutes later.

However, they were already warming up the arena.

The organizers used the fastest time to produce a promotional video and played it on the big screen.

The battle between the Superhumans of the Mystery Branch!

Huang Tianba, a 19-year-old Mystery Branch genius with three consecutive wins, arrogantly challenged a 23-year-old Mystery Branch Fire Lotus who had accumulated 13 wins and seven kills.

…

Sea Paradise had been running this regular arena for a long time. They had long known how to mobilize the emotions and enthusiasm of the audience.

Various provocative words appeared on the poster.

They took turns to play it on the large screens around the arena. Occasionally, they would insert a bloody scene of Fire Lotus blasting an opponent into ashes. It was accompanied by Xu Tui’s harmless and dazed appearance as he stood in the arena. It was extremely provocative and guiding.

At the same time that the publicity began, the bet for the match had started in advance. Moreover, in addition to the usual bets, there was also an additional death bet.

Usually, the organizers would only host the bets. They would not be the host, but they would draw commission. In fact, it was just two groups of spectators betting against each other. The amount of money that the wrong party placed would be the amount of the other party’s income.

However, the odds of death would be decided by the organizer.

The payout rate for Xu Tui’s death was 1:2. The payout rate for the death of Fire Lotus was 1:3.

In other words, the organizers felt that the probability of Xu Tui being killed in the arena was higher, so the odds were lower. They would bet 10,000 and pay 20,000.

The probability of Fire Lotus dying was lower, and the corresponding odds were higher, 1:3. Furthermore, the odds of death were based on death, not victory or defeat!

If an audience placed a bet on Xu Tui’s death in a death bet, and Xu Tui did not die, sorry, there’s no no compensation.

Only when the person they bet on died would they pay a dividend.

As for the reason, it was actually very simple. In this world, there was no such thing as a good seller.

This kind of death bet had a strong effect on the audience’s emotions. Many spectators who had been watching also began to place their bets.

However, what Xu Tui was most concerned about was the impact of the death odds that the organizers had set on the regular odds.

The odds for Xu Tui’s death were relatively low. The organizers felt that the probability of Xu Tui’s death was slightly higher. Therefore, Xu Tui had a higher losing rate, so his odds continued to increase.

Xu Tui happily looked at the odds that had been increasing along the way. He then continued to carefully study the five actual combat videos of Fire Lotus that Ah Huang had gathered. He constantly analyzed and adjusted his battle plan with Ah Huang.

To be honest, Xu Tui had not expected all of this before he brought Ah Huang out of the Research Institute Number 14.

At that time, Xu Tui had only wanted Ah Huang to help him with some chores. He was just like an assistant who did odd jobs. All he needed to do was save Xu Tui some time.

However, Xu Tui truly felt the benefits that Ah Huang brought him.

He was simply the strongest support!

Without a doubt, if he went on stage without much understanding of his opponent, he would have to rely on improvisation. There were too many variables, and the danger would increase correspondingly.

However, with Ah Huang’s help, Xu Tui did not fully understand his opponent, but he understood at least 80% or more of his opponent.

He was even more confident now that he was on stage.

Xu Tui watched the five videos three times in 30 minutes. He adjusted the battle plan several times.

“Brother Xu, it’s about time. You need to get into the ring,” Zhuang Ziqiang reminded him softly.

“Have you placed your bet?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Not for the time being. This time, I’ll play however you play.” Zhuang Ziqiang had thought it through. This time, he could not let go of the opportunity to earn money.

If he won this battle, Xu Tui’s odds in the future would become lower and lower. It would become more and more difficult for him to earn money from the odds.

Xu Tui first looked at the balance on his anonymous trading card. Then, he was a little surprised.

When the three consecutive wins ended, Xu Tui’s anonymous trading card balance was 2.24 million.

This time, it had miraculously become 2.56 million, an additional 320,000.

“Brother Xu, it’s like this. Because it was a special agreement, the organizers transferred the appearance fee in advance. It can be considered a contract. If you don’t go on stage, according to the rules here, you will have to pay a hundred times the compensation,” Zhuang Ziqiang explained.

A hundredfold compensation!

Xu Tui felt a headache coming on. The appearance fee of 320,000 yuan was 32 million yuan. He would not be able to afford it even if he sold himself. Even if he realized that his opponent was a monster, he still had to fight.

However, so far, Ah Huang had not found anything unusual about Fire Lotus.

Xu Tui glanced at the big screen. The odds of his battle with Fire Lotus had risen to 1.71. There were many people who did not think highly of him. There were also many who thought highly of him.

The odds of death had not changed.

If Xu Tui died in battle, the odds were 1:2. If Fire Lotus died in battle, the odds were 1:3.

Xu Tui thought about it and split his current funds of 2.56 million into two. Of which, 1.56 million had been invested into the regular bets, betting on his victory.

Xu Tui placed the other one million into the bet of death. He wanted to bet on the death of Fire Lotus.

Zhuang Ziqiang’s expression changed slightly. To a certain extent, the death bet was rather fraudulent. It did not matter if they won or lost. They would only get their money if the person they bet on died.

If Fire Lotus did not die after being defeated, then Xu Tui’s bet of one million would be for naught.

Actually, Xu Tui had also considered this point. That was why he had split the bets.

“Old Zhuang, do you want to follow or not? It’s up to you. Just don’t bet on me losing.” Xu Tui smiled, put down his things, and walked towards the arena passageway.

Zhuang Ziqiang gritted his teeth as he watched Xu Tui leave.

He followed! Xu Tui, who was the one participating, wasn’t even afraid. What was there to be afraid of?

Zhuang Ziqiang split the two million yuan into two and made regular bets and death bets respectively.

As Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang placed large bets, Xu Tui’s normal odds dropped by another point. It became 1:1.70.

“Ladies and gentlemen, last minute!”

“A 19-year-old genius from the Mystery Branch who won three matches in a row. He arrogantly challenged the 23-year-old from the Mystery Branch who won five matches in a row and had thirteen wins and achieved a shocking seven kills!

“Guests who want to bet, hold on tight. It’s the last 30 seconds!”

The countdown ended amidst the loud shouts of the host!