Chapter 190 - Curiosity Kills

Chapter 190: Curiosity Kills

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

As one of the largest cities on the Blue Star, the logistics of the capital was extremely fast.

Xu Tui placed the order at two in the afternoon. Four hours later, he received the communication device that he had ordered online. It was delivered by a designated aerial drone.

Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui would have to spend some time exchanging application information with a machine. He would also have to verify the application information again.

...

Now, Xu Tui has completed a full set of biometric identification. After verifying his personal account information, he handed everything over to Ah Huang to handle.

As for Xu Tui, he headed straight for the Longhu Banquet Hall in the office area of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Tonight, there will be a celebration banquet.

The injured Cui Xi, Miao Huanshan, and Chi Hongying all came. When they met again, it was naturally lively.

The entire banquet hall was filled with joy and the atmosphere was very lively. Not long after, the celebration party began.

Xu Tui had originally thought that the warriors participating in the actual combat exchange would be the main characters of the celebration party. However, he realized that he was wrong when the celebration party started.

They were not the main characters. Instead, the important figures from all walks of life were the main characters.

Xu Tui and the others were just the best backdrop.

Of course, to Reporter Wen Jianlan, Xu Tui, Cui Xi, Chi Hongying, and the others were still the main characters. She took some time to interview the three of them.

Before long, cheers rang out.

It was the principal, Wen Xinglun, who announced that all the students who participated in the battle would receive a genetic mutation elixir provided by the school for free.

The market price of a genetic mutation elixir was as high as 300,000 yuan. Even the students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College could only buy it at half the price. One bottle cost 150,000 yuan.

Other than that, the deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee, Li Jin, who was representing the Huaya Genetic Committee, also brought additional rewards to the students participating in the actual combat exchange.

Everyone received 100 honorary contribution points and 100,000 cash.

Xu Tui was very happy to receive money.

The dishes at the celebration banquet were probably prepared in consideration of the large appetite of the students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Xu Tui felt that Cheng Mo would definitely have a great time eating if he came. Unfortunately, he was not allowed to bring his companions to the celebration party today. Otherwise, he would definitely bring Cheng Mo over.

Xu Tui had thought that it had nothing to do with him. So he started eating heartily. While he was eating, the host suddenly asked him to go on stage. He was a little confused.

That shouldn’t be the case. Cui Xi should be the one to speak. Brother Cui was the student representative.

Xu Tui wiped his mouth and went on stage in a daze. Then, amidst the thunderous applause, he received a medal.

The Blue Star Medal of Wisdom and Courage.

It was personally presented to Xu Tui by the deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee, Li Jin. He even gave him an introduction.

Xu Tui finally understood what was going on. It was the reward for catching the spy on the way to school. he was very happy with the cash and contribution points. However, he had yet to obtain the Blue Star Intelligence and Courage Medal.

Xu Tui didn’t care. He would have been more willing to exchange the medal for money if he was not afraid of being scolded. His lack of money was too strong due to his cultivation.

The reporter, Wen Jianlan, took pictures of Xu Tui again.

Xu Tui’s first reaction was that he could gain another wave of fans.

The income from accepting advertisements on special Weibo should be slightly higher.

The next step was, of course, to continue eating.

The guests from all walks of life who attended the banquet naturally had to make polite toasts to Xu Tui. Xu Tui did not know what the others were doing. In any case, he blocked all of them in the name that he’s still in the three-months growth period.

“Wow, this is the Flying Sword Warrior who has been in the limelight recently at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. To be honest, this person is even more energetic than what I saw on the live broadcast.”

When the deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee, Li Jin, came to Xu Tui and gave him a round of compliments, he sat down beside Xu Tui in his excitement. He took the initiative to say that he wanted to have a good chat with Xu Tui.

Seeing this, the others, including the principal, Wen Xinglun, could not say anything. They could only follow Li Jin. Even Principal Wen Xinglun had to bow down to Li Jin.

The students beside him also tactfully stood up and left. This made Xu Tui a little nervous.

“Where are you from?”

“Director Li, my family is from Jincheng Prefecture.”

“The Jincheng Prefecture. I’ve been there several times. It can be said to be an outstanding place.”

“By the way, how are your parents doing at home?”

Li Jin’s hair was jet-black, and Xu Tui could not tell his age. However, Xu Tui could sense that Li Jin still had an old aura. He was definitely older than the principal, Wen Xinglun.

The aura of a superior made Xu Tui very nervous. However, he began to relax after he started rambling.

“Your teacher is An Xiaoxue, right?”

“Yes.”

“Hey, I’ve seen this girl once a few years ago. She’s so beautiful, but she likes to wear a big mask. I don’t know why. Do you know why?” Li Jin smiled.

“Director Li, I don’t know either.”

“Oh, that’s right. Just now, Principal Wen said that you’ve already made a research contribution at such a young age and become an official assistant researcher at the Genetic Research Institute.

“The research ability of the Research Institute Number 14 seemed to be really powerful. By the way, I remember that your Research Institute Number 14 has a long-term research project on mind power. How far has it progressed?” Li Jin suddenly asked.

“I heard Miss An mention this project when she applied for funds from the higher-ups this year. However, I don’t know the specifics. Miss An has never let me come into contact with this research project,” Xu Tui replied with a smile.

Hearing this, Li Jin patted Xu Tui’s shoulder. “Work hard. This long-term research project has extraordinary significance.”

After saying that, Li Jin chatted with Xu Tui for a while more before he stood up and left with a smile. Not far behind him, a middle-aged man who was standing in front of Xu Tui but whom Xu Tui could not sense with his blurry mental perception also left behind Li Jin.

Not long after they left, Xu Tui immediately started panting heavily. His back was already covered in cold sweat.

Xu Tui did not feel anything when he first started chatting with Li Jin. However, he only took a casual glance. He suddenly noticed something unusual about the middle-aged man.

His eyes could see. So he habitually activated his blurry mental perception, but he could not sense the presence of any man.

This shocked Xu Tui. He instinctively wanted to try using his Precise mental perception, but in the end, Xu Tui forcefully held himself back.

The middle-aged man who had disappeared with his blurry mental perception should be protecting Li Jin.

However, what really made Xu Tui wary was the question that Li Jin had casually asked about the progress of the research on the abnormal load of mind power.

The title of deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee was enough to explain everything. However, he had been chatting with Xu Tui for a full ten minutes. In the end, he casually asked Xu Tui about the project regarding the abnormal load of mind power.

However, Xu Tui could tell that Deputy Director Li Jin’s real motive for chatting with him today was to talk about the project regarding the abnormal load of mind power.

Xu Tui was really interested in this question, but he did not know the answer.

However, Li Jin’s question made Xu Tui realize that the long-term research project called the abnormal load of mind power project conducted by the Research Institute Number 14 was really quite important.

What were they researching?

“Ah Huang?”

Xu Tui called out softly as he was puzzled. However, this time, there was no sound from Ah Huang. There was no vibration from the new communication device.

“Damn, could it be that something went wrong with the new equipment that I just bought? My luck can’t be that bad, right?”

Xu Tui had a feeling that he was tricked. However, at this point in the celebration, they could already leave.

Xu Tui left the banquet hall a few minutes later. He would have to quickly return the money if he managed to buy a defective product.

After leaving the banquet hall and the building, Xu Tui tapped on his communication device. Everything was working normally, except for Ah Huang.

“Ah Huang?”

“I heard it. Stop calling. There are signals monitoring there. The main body of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Shennong and the supercomputer that the Huaya Sector has, the Ashen Cloud, are also there. I dare not show my face and leave a data trail,” Ah Huang suddenly explained.

“It’s not broken?” Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. “Are you afraid of those two?”

“Tsk, who would be afraid of those two fools! However, my main body is not here. What I can use now is the beggar’s model that you just exchanged. My computing ability is extremely limited. It’s better to escape,” Ah Huang said angrily.

“Ah Huang, Li Jin should be asking me about the long-term project of our Research Institute Number 14.” Xu Tui asked curiously, “What do you think this project involves? Why is the deputy director of the Genetic Committee of the Huaya Sector so concerned about it?”

“You want to know?” Ah Huang’s voice suddenly had a hint of seriousness.

“Very curious!”

“You humans have a saying: Curiosity killed the cat. Your curiosity now will kill you! To put it bluntly, if your curiosity succeeds, it will kill either you or Xiaoxue!”

Xu Tui was shocked.

“Only one person can know about the Research Institute Number 14’s Abnormal Load of Mind Power and conduct research on it. Therefore, you should not be curious or take the initiative to think about these things. The fact that you don’t know anything about Project Abnormal Load of Mind Power is the greatest protection for you and Xiaoxue.” Ah Huang’s voice was unprecedentedly cold.

“I… got it!” Xu Tui seemed to understand.

….

In the lounge at the side of the banquet hall, Li Jin, the deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee, walked into a VIP lounge. Behind him was the middle-aged man who Xu Tui could not sense with his mind power.

“What do you think? Did Xu Tui lie?” Li Jin suddenly asked.

“He’s not lying. He probably really doesn’t know about the project. However, this kid is very interesting. He discovered me,” the middle-aged man suddenly said.

“He discovered you?” Li Jin turned around.

“Yes, he discovered my uniqueness. He has a mental perception, and the range is not small. However, it’s the most basic kind. It’s very interesting,” the middle-aged man said.

Li Jin nodded and said, “Get me Lu Guanqing.”

“Alright.”