Chapter 191 - Is It Possible To Discover A New Ability?

Chapter 191: Is It Possible to Discover a New Ability?

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui walked straight into the bathroom after he returned to the dormitory. He washed his head with cold water before he returned to his room with a cold expression. He slammed the door shut.

Xu Tui had thought that he would only receive some rewards from the celebration party tonight. However, this small episode shocked him greatly. Even now, he could not calm down.

On the way back, there was a moment when Xu Tui really wanted to call An Xiaoxue and ask her what kind of secret was involved in the study of the abnormal load of mind power that could affect the life and death of An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui.

...

But he did not call in the end.

Firstly, it was stupid and suicidal to ask such an important question over the phone.

Secondly, Xu Tui chose to trust Ah Huang.

What Ah Huang said should be true.

Xu Tui learned the details with his Level 1 special rights in the Research Institute Number 14. The highest authority in the Research Institute Number 14 was the original authority.

The original authority could directly order the supercomputer, Ah Huang, to activate the self-destruction command.

Other than not being able to activate the self-destruction command, An Xiaoxue’s special rights were basically the same as the original rights.

However, Xu Tui’s Level 1 special authority had an additional restriction on top-secret information. Special Level 1 rights did not allow access to the top-secret information of the Research Institute Number 14.

In any case, the information that Xu Tui could see in the Research Institute Number 14 with his Level 1 special rights did not contain any information about the abnormal load of mind power.

In other words, An Xiaoxue had known about this for a long time. Therefore, she had restricted Xu Tui’s authority.

The third point was also the most important—what could he do if he knew?

What could Xu Tui do even if he did everything he could to find out about the research materials for the Abnormal Load of Mind Power Project?

After thinking for a long time, he came to a conclusion—nothing!

The most vivid analogy was that a high school student suddenly obtained a complete set of information on a super armed weapon that was even more powerful than a nuclear bomb. What was the point?

He could not understand it. Apart from bringing him endless danger, it was useless. Since it was useless, what was there to be curious about? He might as well seize the time to do something useful to himself.

What’s a useful thing?

Earning money and cultivating.

The rewards for the actual combat competition, including the honorary contribution points and prize money promised by the school in advance, as well as the additional 100,000 yuan in cash that was added at the last minute at the celebration party tonight, were all received on the spot.

In addition to the 630,000 yuan that An Xiaoxue transferred over today, and the balance of 280,000 yuan,

Xu Tui’s total assets had once again crossed the million mark and reached 1.06 million.

He was worth millions.

However, this number gave Xu Tui a sense of security. It was not even as good as two months ago when the number in his account had reached 900,000.

At that time, Xu Tui would only consume two bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir a day.

At that time, he was free of any debt.

At that time, he felt that he was quite rich.

But now, Xu Tui has consumed more than six bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs in a day. He was about to reach the seventh bottle.

Now, he has a loan of 600,000 yuan.

From today onwards, Xu Tui would be an elite with a monthly income of over 20,000. He would be the future tall, rich, and handsome man.

His net worth was over a million!

However, he still felt very poor.

When he was in high school in Jincheng Prefecture, his parents gave him 100 yuan as pocket money. He felt extremely happy.

Xu Tui missed his high school days.

Life at that time was very simple.

After a long while, a bitter smile appeared at the corner of Xu Tui’s lips. “Could this be the price of growth? We will eventually grow up… Since that’s the case, let me become stronger. There’s no need for me to be scared of the wind and rain!”

…

After spending half an hour, Xu Tui made a new plan for his cultivation.

In the actual combat competition this time, most people only saw Xu Tui’s flying sword and his powerful mind power. However, very few people noticed Xu Tui’s extraordinary reaction speed. His reaction speed of 9 milliseconds was already faster than many second-year seniors.

Furthermore, it was also the most important prerequisite for placing the mental awl so that Rankhan could kill himself.

There was no other!

Therefore, the first cultivation direction was to continue to increase his reaction speed.

The more Genetic Base Points he activated, the less improvement there would be.

Last Tuesday, Xu Tui activated the fourth genetic base point that was located on his spine. It increased his reaction speed to 10 milliseconds. It was a three-day training period.

When Xu Tui participated in the actual combat exchange, his reaction speed should have been 9 milliseconds.

His reaction speed reached 8 milliseconds when he reached the Neurology Research Center on Friday.

In the Neurology Research Center, Xu Tui, Luo Shifeng, and a few other seniors who were volunteers had completed the most important step of discovering the eighth reflexes-type genetic base point—replication.

Together, they activated the eighth genetic base point of the newly discovered reflexes-type.

The only difference was that Luo Shifeng had already undergone three consecutive days of intensive training with the volunteers. He had also accelerated this process with the help of scientific research drugs and various stimulation training methods.

As for Xu Tui himself, he had only spent slightly more than an hour in the research center before he completed the activation. While he temporarily put an end to this research, Xu Tui’s reaction speed increased from 8 milliseconds to 5 milliseconds.

He had undergone intensive training once on Friday and once on Saturday. His reaction speed had increased to 4.3 milliseconds.

Xu Tui estimated that the fifth genetic base point that he activated was actually the eighth genetic base point that he had just discovered. The final increase in his reaction speed was only four milliseconds.

This improvement was negligible.

According to the mainstream opinion of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College regarding the reaction speed of the nerves, such an increase in speed was no longer valuable.

Therefore, most people would usually only activate four or five Genetic Base Points. However, the words that Luo Shifeng casually said after he saw Xu Tui’s improvement left a deep impression on him.

“The increase of 4 milliseconds is indeed very small, but compared to your original reaction speed, the time it takes for you to make a reaction after the increase is reduced by half.”

These words were like a stern warning to Xu Tui.

What was the point of continuing to increase his reaction speed? That was the point of increasing his reaction speed!

The increase was very small. However, compared to the original speed, the increase was multiplied!

What if Xu Tui activated one or two more reflexes-type genetic base points? What if he increased his reaction speed to 0.1 milliseconds?

The opponent’s reaction speed was 10 milliseconds, while Xu Tui’s reaction speed was 0.1 milliseconds. Based on the data alone, Xu Tui’s reaction speed was 100 times that of his opponent.

What would happen then?

Xu Tui did not know. However, he was looking forward to it. After all, he knew about the ninth genetic base point.

He also had a very bold idea.

So far, the reflexes-type genetic base points had not been combined into a Genetic Ability Chain. This was also the reason why the status of the neurology department was relatively low.

If that was the case, would it be possible for Xu Tui to discover the Genetic Ability Chain of the reflexes-type after he activated the ninth genetic base point?

Some things could not be achieved just by thinking about it. He had to do it!

So far, Xu Tui has activated five of the nine Genetic Base Points of the reflexes-type. He was left with four.

He planned to complete the activation of three known reflexes-type genetic base points within half a month. He also planned to complete the research and activation of the ninth undiscovered reflexes-type genetic base point.

Comparatively, Xu Tui did not have much time to cultivate because of the number of Genetic Base Points he had to activate.

Therefore, the second direction of cultivation was to cultivate the Ancient Genetic Energy Field and complete the Lesser Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain. There were a total of 18 Genetic Base Points. Xu Tui had already activated three of them.

He needed fifteen more.

Completing this could greatly increase his combat defense and survivability. That was his top priority at the moment.

In a short period of time, Xu Tui used 50% of his cultivation time to cultivate the Lesser Heavenly Cycle.

The remaining cultivation time was used to activate the Genetic Base Points needed to activate the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. This was the third cultivation direction.

Actually, Xu Tui had a fourth direction of cultivation. It was to activate some genetic ability chains unique to the Extreme Branch and improve his overall physical fitness.

Take his reaction speed for example. Putting aside the fact that his mind power was not restricted, no matter how fast his reaction speed was, he would not be able to unleash it without the corresponding reaction speed of his muscles.

He had to activate the relevant extreme-type genetic base points to increase his strength.

However, Xu Tui did not have a plan yet. He had to focus on his cultivation.

His long-term goal was naturally to continuously improve his ability to develop his mind power. His short-term goal was to complete the Lesser Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain and cultivate the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field to greatly increase his survivability.

In truth, he was also preparing himself for the clearing missions in the future. He would only consider other things after he completed this short-term goal.

He adjusted his cultivation plan.

Xu Tui took out the six money-making plans that Zhuang Ziqiang had sent him.

Under normal circumstances, he would have to spend a lot of time making a choice even if Zhuang Ziqiang provided him with a plan and information.

The yield and the risks he might have to take, including safety risks, legal risks, and time investment, were things that he had to consider now.

Time was actually the most expensive!

However, the advanced artificial intelligence, Ah Huang, had already done all these troublesome things for Xu Tui.

Ah Huang listed out the time needed for the six plans, the benefits he could derive, and the various risks he had to take.

It was clear in one glance.

“Old Zhuang, we’ll start tomorrow. Arrange the third plan!” Xu Tui sent a message to Zhuang Ziqiang.