Chapter 192 - Paradise On The Sea

Chapter 192: Paradise on the Sea

On Sunday morning, Xu Tui went to Research Institute No. 14 early in the morning. He also brought An Xiaoxue’s breakfast, lunch, and fruits for dinner. He felt that Miss An was easy to support.

A few vegetables or fruits would be a meal. She did not change her clothes much. Her favorite clothes were denim pants. The thing that consumed the most energy was the big blue mask. She had to use several of them a day. Fortunately, it was not expensive.

At 10:58 a.m., Xu Tui appeared at the parking area on time.

...

At 10:59, a silver-gray, streamlined repulsive force flying car came to an abrupt stop. It threw a large amount of air onto Xu Tui’s face.

“Brother Xu, get in the car.”

Zhuang Ziqiang stuck his head out of the repulsive force flying car.

“Old Zhuang, you even have a luxury repulsion flying car. Not bad. You’re amazing. You’re a rich man.” Xu Tui praised as he jumped into the car.

“Brother Xu, don’t joke with me. This is just a beggar model of the repulsive force flying car. It has nothing to do with luxury cars. I had no choice. In my line of work, it would be a waste of time if I did not have a repulsive flying car. I still have a loan of one million yuan. The monthly car loan of tens of thousands of yuan is so heavy that I can barely breathe.

“Shall we set off? Do you want to drive or should I?” Zhuang Ziqiang asked.

“You do it. I haven’t gotten my special license yet.”

Xu Tui wanted to touch it, but he decided against it. He shouldn’t be curious. It would not be too late to drive another car after he got his special license.

“Brother Xu, since you have plans to clear missions to earn money, there are two things that you have to prepare immediately,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

“Which two items?”

“The first is to get a special flying license. When you’re out on a clearing mission, a repulsive force flying car and a repulsive force flying skateboard are necessary.

“Repulsion flying cars were a necessary tool for genetic newcomers to travel a long distance. They would definitely not be able to reach the place they had to go for the clearing mission in public transport.

“As for the repulsive force flying skateboard, it was a necessary tool to move quickly in complicated terrain.

“Therefore, you have to hurry up with the special flying license,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

Xu Tui nodded. That made sense.

“Secondly, your Genetic Newcomer Level is actually the level of your cultivation. According to the requirements of the Genetic Committee, you have to reach the level of a Level D Genetic Liberator before you can accept the clearing mission. Moreover, many of the clearing missions have cultivation requirements,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

“I’ll go for the certification in a week or two,” Xu Tui said.

The two matters that Zhuang Ziqiang had mentioned were already listed on Xu Tui’s schedule.

Cultivation levels were easier to resolve.

Xu Tui’s current reaction speed had reached 4 milliseconds. So it would not be a problem for him to pass the exam of the special flying license, but he would need time and money.

It costs 120,000 yuan. It was a little expensive, but he could afford it at the moment. However, the problem was that with the special flying license, it was still useless without the repulsive force flying car or skateboard.

These two things were more expensive.

Therefore, Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang started earning money today.

“Brother Xu, I’ve already started operating your personal Weibo account. Currently, I’ve contacted a few people. According to your requirements, the frequency can’t be high, and it has to be of quality. Therefore, the income shouldn’t be very high at the moment. In the next month, it would probably be fifty to sixty thousand dollars.

“Moreover, if you wanted to maintain this number, you had to frequently post on Weibo about your personal cultivation and lifestyle to maintain your fan activity. Otherwise, your income will probably plummet in the future.” Zhuang Ziqiang started talking about this.

“You can operate it first.”

He did not have much of a future if it was purely for his personal Weibo account. He would earn some money first and look at the plan later.

“Alright, Brother Xu. By the way, why did you think of Plan No. 3? Actually, Plan No. 3 is the one I don’t think highly of. Not only is it further away, but the relative risk is also higher,” Zhuang Ziqiang asked.

“Actually, the disadvantage is that it’s further away. In terms of risk, it’s actually much smaller than the other plans you recommended. To be able to create a maritime entertainment kingdom in the open sea, be it in terms of background or size, it was a very big deal. We can earn some money based on our abilities. The risk is actually very small,” Xu Tui said.

The Plan No. 3 that Zhuang Ziqiang recommended to Xu Tui was related to a place that was called the Sea Paradise Entertainment Kingdom.

There were many ways to earn money, including actual combat.

Of the other five plans recommended by Zhuang Ziqiang, three of them were related to the martial arts competition.

One of the plans was a very formal martial arts arena. It would limit one’s age, ability level, and so on. After a month, the final champion would receive 660,000 yuan. It was too long and the income was too little.

Pass!

The other two plans were underground combat and underground boxing deathmatch. The benefits were relatively better.

However, the locations were all around the capital. They were on the edge of being legal. They were not big. According to Ah Huang’s analysis, the probability of an accident happening was very high.

On the other hand, the Sea Paradise Entertainment Kingdom in Plan No. 3 had a complete set of martial arts competitions. Moreover, they were extremely large in size and scale. Furthermore, they had been existing in the open sea for more than 40 years.

Currently, the Sea Paradise Entertainment Kingdom, which was located in the high seas of the Yamato Sea, was recognized as a money-squandering den in the Huaya Sector.

Not only did they have the world’s largest genetic newcomer public welfare organization behind them, but it was also said that the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the Huaya Sector Genetic Committee were also behind them.

“Brother Xu, the risk is indeed very small. However, if you really earn money here, you might have to face extraordinary risks,” Zhuang Ziqiang suddenly said.

“Extraordinary risk? What do you mean?” Xu Tui was surprised.

“Brother Xu, there are no restrictions in the open sea. It means freedom, but it also means crime and danger. The area between the Sea Paradise Entertainment Kingdom and Huaxia Sector is the most dangerous,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

Xu Tui suddenly understood what Zhuang Ziqiang meant. Neither he nor Ah Huang had considered that. What Ah Huang had given him was a profit deduction and a risk deduction. The risk deduction did not involve any criminal activities in the unrestricted high seas.

It was mainly because Xu Tui had no experience. He was used to living in the Huaxia Sector. The security in the Huaxia Sector was still the best in the universe even after the genetic evolution a hundred years later. As long as they were in the city circle, it would be a piece of cake for them to go out for a barbecue in the middle of the night.

However, it was completely different outside the Huaxia Sector. Especially since the Great Genetic Age, the rapid increase in individual abilities had brought about various security issues.

Heroes broke the rules with their martial arts!

Genetic newcomers violated the rules with their abilities.

Therefore, other than the Huaxia Sector the security in the other districts had decreased compared to a hundred years ago. The rate of solving cases had also decreased.

The current Huaxia Sector had long become a paradise for most people on the Blue Star. The identity passport of the Huaxia Sector had long become the most valuable identity passport on the Blue Star.

There was no other!

It was also because of this reason that Xu Tui did not consider the crimes of the high seas. He frowned slightly.

“Ah Huang, can you gather information on this and make a safety assessment?”

Xu Tui did not say anything. Instead, he entered a message into his communication device.

Although Zhuang Ziqiang was trustworthy, there was no need to let him know about Ah Huang’s existence.

Seeing that Xu Tui was worried, Zhuang Ziqiang suddenly smiled and said, “Brother Xu, you don’t have to worry. As long as we earn money at the Sea Paradise Entertainment Center, it won’t be a problem.

“The Sea Paradise Entertainment Center also places great importance on the safety of the customers. After collecting a certain amount of fees, they will send out guards to ensure the safety of the flying cars.”

“That’s good.”

This made Xu Tui feel relieved. If it really came to that, he could buy his safety with money.

The capital was 1,300 kilometers away from the Sea Paradise Entertainment Center.

In the capital, the speed limit of the repulsive-force flying car was 200 kilometers per hour. But there was no speed limit outside the city.

If you had that ability and your repulsive force flying car had that speed, you could drive as fast as you wanted.

The maximum speed of flight was related to the performance of the vehicle and the reaction speed of the individual. Generally speaking, a reaction speed of 10 milliseconds should not exceed 500 kilometers per hour.

Of course, it would be faster if the vehicle was equipped with a powerful ultra-long-range high-sensitivity infrared radar and automatic risk-averse function.

Zhuang Ziqiang’s version was the beggar version. Although it was equipped with an ultra-long-range, high-sensitivity infrared automatic radar, it had nothing to do with its performance.

But he was obviously an experienced driver. As soon as he left the capital, he drove the repulsive force at a speed of over 600 kilometers per hour.

On the way, they passed through a mountain range.

In the Great Genetic Era, due to the evolution of plants and animals, humans had retreated from the depths of nature and retreated into cities. Coupled with the activity of the genetic newcomers, some countries, especially small ones, had let go of their airspace control in the mountains and forests.

Therefore, Zhuang Ziqiang flew smoothly.

It had to be said that Zhuang Ziqiang’s repulsive force flying car was really a beggar’s version. When the flying speed exceeded 600 kilometers per hour, the hissing sound drilled into his head.

They entered the open sea area of the Yamato Sea twenty minutes later.

After entering the open sea, the number of repulsive force flying cars increased significantly. Zhuang Ziqiang had no choice but to slow down.

However, most of the repulsive-force flying cars heading to the open sea were heading in the same direction.

Ten minutes later, the repulsive force flying car slowly came to a stop. Zhuang Ziqiang pointed out of the window and said with a smile, “Brother Xu, this is your first time here, right? Look down. The outdoor view of the Sea Paradise Entertainment Center is also superb. If not for the inconvenience of public transportation, it would have become a popular tourist attraction long ago.”

Xu Tui leaned his body slightly out of the window. He took a look and gasped. He imagined that it might be a large yacht.

In reality, it was actually a super-large offshore platform. No, it should be a super-large floating city.

Xu Tui saw that it was more than two kilometers long.

It was huge.

However, what attracted his attention the most was the four pointed castles at the four corners of the Sea Paradise Entertainment Center. They were extremely cold. It looked more like a military installation.

“Let’s go, Brother Xu. Today, I’ll bring you to broaden your horizons and see the true paradise of the genetic newcomers! Let’s broaden our horizons first and see what it means to be a dragon before earning money!”

Zhuang Ziqiang smiled and drove the repulsive force flying car towards the three-dimensional parking garage.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s personal communication device vibrated slightly.

Ah Huang’s safety assessment was here. The rest of the content was similar to what Zhuang Ziqiang had said.

However, the last message made Xu Tui’s eyes twitch.