Chapter 199 - That’S All (1)

Chapter 199: That’s All (1)

“Xu Tui, your information on the public network has been quickly searched for more than 100,000 times. However, almost all of it came from a single source. Your public information has also been read with high authority in the Huaxia Genetic Committee’s internal database.”

When Xu Tui was walking down the arena, Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s ears.

“This is nothing.”

...

Xu Tui had already expected this.

In the Great Genetic Era, the so-called privacy protection was only targeted at ordinary people. Ordinary people who did not have big data or extraordinary data searching abilities would naturally not be able to find other people’s privacy.

However, privacy was a joke in front of people or organizations who had big data or extraordinary data search capabilities.

It was just like how Fire Lotus, who had used the alias of Nakamura Yuji in the regular arena, had appeared in the Sea Paradise’s regular arena for a year, and yet he was still extremely mysterious.

However, with the help of Ah Huang’s super quantum-state computer, which had advanced artificial intelligence, he was stripped naked in just a few minutes.

Xu Tui had obtained at least 80% of Nakamura Yuji’s information.

Ah Huang did not gather any information regarding the supernatural assistance armament that he possessed because it was not publicly used.

In that case, the same trick would be used on Xu Tui.

Even if an ordinary person knew that Xu Tui was 19 years old, had an alloy silver pill, or even had a flying sword, it would be very difficult for them to put it on Xu Tui. However, the forces and organizations behind Sea Paradise’s regular arena could easily dig out Xu Tui’s true information.

That was not at all surprising. He had been mentally prepared for this. Besides, this was not a rare occurrence. Some second-year and third-year seniors even specially came here to train their combat abilities. This was because they could only fight with all their might here. They could also earn some appearance fees at the same time.

Of course, there were very few people like Xu Tui, who had absolute confidence and had the guts to bet everything on himself.

Therefore, he was not surprised when Ah Huang said that someone was gathering information about him.

This was too normal.

“If possible, pay attention to the movements of the information they are gathering. See if there are any directions that are disadvantageous to me,” Xu Tui instructed.

“No, I can’t collect this kind of information on the public network. You have to give me an access point. Then I can give you a more comprehensive safety assessment and information gathering,” Ah Huang said.

“Access point?”

“Circuits, networks, or other kinds of signal pathways will do.”

“Alright, I’ll think of something.”

As he spoke, Xu Tui had already returned to his seat. From afar, Zhuang Ziqiang stepped forward to welcome him. The moment Zhuang Ziqiang saw Xu Tui, he was so excited that even his hands were trembling.

“Brother Xu, do you know how worried I was when I saw this guy take out his gun just now? It’s the new supernatural assistance armament in the Yamato Sector. I didn’t expect him to be equipped so quickly. But Brother Xu, you’re too… too…”

Zhuang Ziqiang was so excited that he was incoherent when he saw Xu Tui return victorious.

“Are you worried about me or your money?” Xu Tui joked.

Zhuang Ziqiang instantly became embarrassed. “Brother Xu, I’m not afraid that you’ll laugh at me. I’m also worried about money, but I’m definitely worried about both!”

“You know about the supernatural assistance armament?” Xu Tui changed the topic.

“As businessmen, we have some understanding of the latest technological developments. Although the Yamato and Korean Star Sectors are slowly falling behind in some aspects due to their population, they are still ahead in scientific research, especially in the area of technological weapons,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

“Are there any in the Huaxia Sector?” Xu Tui asked.

“Not at the moment, but it will be soon. However, this kind of super auxiliary equipment usually needs to be customized,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

As he nodded, Xu Tui took out his trade card and checked his balance. As soon as he approached the communication device, the balance information appeared.

+1.56 million, +1.08 million.

First, he received two notifications for his balance. It increased the balance of Xu Tui’s anonymous trading card to 2.64 million.

1.56 million was the principal for the bet. 1.08 million was the remaining dividend after the organizers drew 1%. Xu Tui’s final odds for this match were 1:1.70.

He swiped his anonymous trading card again and received another notification. There was an additional 3 million. This was the dividend that Xu Tui had bet on the death bet.

Xu Tui had bet a million dollars on the death of Fire Lotus. It had a rate of 1:3. He placed a bet of one million yuan. Since he won the bet, he got 3 million in return.

His balance instantly became 5.64 million.

His assets had exceeded five million! He had already earned more than 4 million yuan in the Sea Paradise today.

At the side, Zhuang Ziqiang was also overjoyed. He had made up his mind and had followed Xu Tui to bet a million each. The total bet of two million had become 4.69 million.

He had made a killing!

Coupled with the small profits he had earned from the previous three rounds, his wealth instantly exceeded five million. He had already earned more than three million from Xu Tui today.

This was more than the sum of the money he had earned in the past year.

Over the past few years, the mortgage, car loan, and girlfriend expenses that had been weighing on Zhuang Ziqiang’s shoulders had instantly become much lighter. Although the three million yuan was not enough for Zhuang Ziqiang to pay off his mortgage and car loan, it would definitely be much easier.

In an instant, Zhuang Ziqiang felt as if he had been elevated.