Chapter 193 - Mighty Nickname

Chapter 193: Mighty Nickname

“Brother Xu, let me tell you. This Sea Paradise is a true paradise. Regardless of gender, coming here is no different from coming to heaven.”

After he brought Xu Tui through the security checkpoint, Zhuang Ziqiang once again became a veteran driver for Xu Tui.

“Heaven?” The corners of Xu Tui’s lips curled up slightly. “Isn’t being rich heaven here?”

...

Zhuang Ziqiang’s expression froze. The experienced driver’s expression collapsed.

Xu Tui had no intention of letting him go. “Do you have any money to squander?”

This question was heartbreaking. Zhuang Ziqiang shook his head.

“No, so that’s someone else’s paradise. We’re just passersby. Come, introduce us.”

Xu Tui decided not to give Zhuang Ziqiang a blow when he saw the pained look on his face.

“We just entered this area. It’s a leisure tea area. We can wait for our friends here and have some afternoon tea or something. There are three roads ahead. Two passageways on the left and right each. On the left is the hotel’s guest area. If you want to bring a girl over, the sea view here is really good,” Zhuang Ziqiang introduced.

“Have you experienced it?”

“Hey, the sea view is not bad. Girl… Don’t mention it. There are some relaxation areas on the right. You can get a spa or get a good look. As long as you have money, you can just go in.

“The food section was in the middle. The seafood here is really authentic, and the price is very fair. It’s not expensive at all. It’s your first time here today. Let me treat you to a meal first.” Zhuang Ziqiang smiled.

“Alright, you said it.”

It was very satisfying to have someone treat him to a meal, especially when it was a friend he could get along with. The seafood here was really authentic. However, due to time constraints, he only ate for half an hour and spent Zhuang Ziqiang’s 800 yuan.

While they were eating, Zhuang Ziqiang gave Xu Tui a copy of the basic information about the Sea Paradise Club and introduced it to him.

“Brother Xu, let’s continue walking in. This area is the gambling area. After eating and drinking, many people are willing to come here to play a few rounds. But let’s not touch this place.”

Zhuang Ziqiang led Xu Tui around the gambling area as he explained.

However, Xu Tui suddenly stopped.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of a possibility and asked Zhuang Ziqiang in a low voice, “Old Zhuang, do you think my mental perception is useful here?”

It was not a secret that Xu Tui had mental perception. The real secret was the accuracy and range of his mental perception.

Zhuang Ziqiang laughed when he saw Xu Tui whispering to him.

“Brother Xu, you’re thinking too much. There are quite a number of genetic newcomers who have mental perception. Most Mystery Branch cultivators can more or less have some mental perception when their mind power is cultivated to a certain extent.

“If people could use their mental perceptions in the gambling area, the Sea Paradise would have been closed long ago. Over the years, the loopholes in the genetic newcomers’ abilities that could be used in gambling have long been filled in by others,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

“I see.” Xu Tui was a little disappointed.

“How about this? Since you’re here, I’ll bring you around. However, Brother Xu, let me tell you first. We’re all from small families. We definitely can’t get involved in gambling. Don’t think about earning money. Absolutely not!

“The moment you touched it, you would destroy your entire family!

“Brother Xu, if you want to take a look around, we’ll do it for entertainment. It’s just like spending money to watch a movie. We’ll just watch it for fun.

“Remember, it must be an attitude of entertainment. Take out 1,000 to 2,000 yuan and exchange it for some chips to have some fun. Leave after you lose everything. Don’t think about recouping. How about that?” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

Xu Tui could not help but look at Zhuang Ziqiang when he said that. This young man was really not bad. To be able to warn him like this and set the upper limit, he was definitely a person with a bottom line. He was worth befriending.

Of course, Xu Tui knew better. He definitely could not get involved in gambling. Those without self-control would break their family. What was worse was that most people felt that they had self-control, but they did not!

Xu Tui’s father, Xu Jianguo’s two colleagues, had lost their families because of this. They were still a discredited person.

Most of the people would continue gambling before they stop, as they wanted to earn more. However, once they lost, they would want to turn the situation around at all costs. In the end, the more they wanted to turn things around, the more miserable they would be!

Therefore, this thing must not be touched!

Xu Tui did not exchange his chips after he entered. He just wanted to broaden his horizons and see how this thing could block his mental perception.

Very quickly, Xu Tui realized what was going on.

For example, the dice and dice cup were mixed with or covered with a silver-gray lead alloy. He could not feel anything. There was also lead alloy on the table. It was basically possible to tamper with it through mind power. The poker cards and other gambling props were the same.

Xu Tui finally opened his eyes after walking around. He prepared to leave.

“Xu Tui, do you want to play? According to the data, as long as your win-loss ratio doesn’t exceed one million, do as I say. I can help you maintain your winning rate at 58.5%.”

Ah Huang’s voice suddenly rang in Xu Tui’s ears.

“If you can plug the quantum signal generator with my information into any of their machines, I can help you maintain your chances of winning above 80 percent,” Ah Huang continued.

Ah Huang’s words made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. However, he immediately rejected it firmly. He could not do such a thing!

However, since Ah Huang had said that, Xu Tui decided to exchange 10,000 yuan.

“Do you want to place a few bets with me to earn back the money for your meals and the fuel for your car?” Xu Tui smiled and looked at Zhuang Ziqiang.

Zhuang Ziqiang shook his head vigorously. He was clearly one of those who had been beaten up here. He even took the opportunity to remind Xu Tui. He could not be greedy!

However, twenty minutes later, Zhuang Ziqiang regretted it.

Xu Tui bet a total of 21 times, lost eight times, and won 13 times. The chips he bet on each time ranged from 1,000 to 5,000 yuan.

However, after 20 minutes, the chips in Xu Tui’s hand had become 23,000 yuan.

It had doubled.

“Brother Xu, you’re… a little amazing. Wait for me. I’ll exchange some chips for a few rounds.” Zhuang Ziqiang was tempted.

Zhuang Ziqiang was tempted, but Xu Tui directly distributed the winning chips to Zhuang Ziqiang.

“Let’s go. You can exchange the chips for your own money. It’s yours. Take it as the fare for today’s trip. Yes, you can also count for the meal in the afternoon,” Xu Tui said.

Zhuang Ziqiang was anxious. “Brother Xu, you’re so lucky. Why don’t you play a few more rounds?”

“Have you forgotten your warning? In this gambling den, as long as we are greedy, we will lose. With this bit of money, we won’t lose out this time. Let’s get down to business,” Xu Tui said.

Zhuang Ziqiang’s expression turned cold. He nodded and accepted the chips. He knew very well when to decline and when to accept.

Xu Tui was also shocked. He had an advanced artificial intelligence supercomputer to help him calculate the probability of success. In the end, his chances of winning did not exceed 60%. If he only brought a brain over to play, how miserable would he lose?

He absolutely could not touch it!

After leaving the casino, they passed through a three-story-tall glass corridor. There were all kinds of women in the transparent glass room.

Some of them were dancing, some of them were playing the piano, and some of them were walking around with a model’s gait. Most of them were sitting, and many of them were dressed very revealingly.

“What is this place?” Xu Tui was a little surprised.

“Brother Xu, this is a man’s paradise. You can enjoy the services of the women here if you spend money. Do you want to try?” Zhuang Ziqiang’s eyes turned perverted.

“Eh, Old Zhuang, did you dedicate your first time here?” Xu Tui was not a young man who did not know anything now that information was so advanced.

“Tsk, how is that possible?”

“Then why did you ask me to come?”

Zhuang Ziqiang: “…”

The two of them laughed and joked along the way. After about 20 minutes, they finally arrived at their true destination.

Freedom Arena.

Actually, there were still many opportunities for genetic newcomers to earn money in the Sea Paradise Entertainment Center as long as they could lower their status.

The genetic newcomers who performed shark fighting for tourists at the bottom of the sea could earn 3,000 yuan per round. They would perform three to five shows a day and earn hundreds of thousands a month. It was like playing around.

Of course, there was also a certain degree of danger.

However, if they wanted to earn money quickly, they had to go to the free arena.

There were three types of free arenas.

The first was a free challenge arena for tourists. Starting from 50,000 yuan, it could provide an opponent who could threaten you and give you pressure without hurting you. Or they could directly arrange a human punching bag that did not retaliate.

Of course, they could also arrange for tourists to challenge each other. This required the consent of both parties.

The second was the regular arena. It opened at six o’clock every day for two hours.

The organizers provided protective equipment and did not provide additional protection from the judges. Even if they died in battle, the judges would not interfere. However, as long as one of them admitted defeat, the judges would immediately intervene.

There was no limit to the strength of the challenge. However, there were age group restrictions.

There was no way to determine the strength. The challenger might show that his cultivation level is at Level B Genetic Liberator, but his true cultivation level might be a Level C Genetic Mutant. It was too easy to cause problems in this aspect.

The difference between a genetic liberator and a genetic mutant was not too great. However, what if an old schemer who was a Genetic Evolver disguised himself as a Genetic Liberator? He would probably win it all.

Therefore, the registration was limited by age group. Their ages were roughly divided into two groups.

Those below the age of 30 were in the youth group, and those above the age of 30 were in the middle-aged group.

Of course, age did not count when the challenger submitted themself.

When they went on stage, there would naturally be advanced instruments that would scan the challenger’s age. If they were in the youth group, the instruments would show that they were over 30 years old. They would not be able to participate in the battle.

Not only could they not participate in the battle, but they also had to deduct the deposit.

The rules regarding the appearance fee were also more detailed.

Everyone had a schedule.

The basic appearance fee for each match was 50,000 yuan. The organizers would increase the appearance fee by 10,000 yuan for every win. For those who won less than ten consecutive battles, all the appearance fees would belong to the winner.

Those who were popular enough to win 10 battles in a row or above could compete with the organizers for the appearance fee. Even if they lost, they would still be paid. If the winning streak was interrupted, the appearance fee would be recalculated.

If one had ten consecutive victories or accumulated ten victories, they could enter the third type of arena—the unrestricted arena!

In the unrestricted arena, strength determined everything.

Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang’s target today was the regular arena.

“Brother Xu, I’ll help you register. When you participate in a martial arts competition here, you’ll be given a nickname. You usually won’t use your real name.”

“It’s best if it’s something more powerful,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

“Huang Tianba, use Huang Tianba!” As soon as Zhuang Ziqiang finished speaking, Ah Huang started shouting in Xu Tui’s mind.

It was impossible to use the name that the advanced artificial intelligence wanted as a nickname.

“Use this name to fight in the arena. I’ll tell you the secret of Xiaoxue! It is a real secret. Otherwise, I will convert all the barking into computer language ten thousand times!” Ah Huang swore.

Xu Tui was amused.

“Then let’s use Huang Tianba.”

Zhuang Ziqiang was stunned for a moment before he turned around to register. In his opinion, Xu Tui’s way of thinking was too unpredictable.