Chapter 196 - Waiting For A Price

Chapter 196: Waiting for a Price

Xu Tui’s odds for the second match had dropped drastically. Zhuang Ziqiang regretted his decision and pinched his inner thigh a few more times. He had missed the best opportunity to make money.

Zhuang Ziqiang bet 1.5 million on Xu Tui in the second round. However, with the odds of 1:19, he did not even earn 300,000 yuan.

It was foreseeable that Xu Tui’s odds for the third round would be lower.

...

Just as Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang had expected, Xu Tui’s odds for the third round quickly dropped to 1:1.09 within two minutes.

It was too low.

Xu Tui almost vomited blood when he saw this. Should he have fought harder in the first two rounds and suffered a little? Will it get him higher odds?

However, Xu Tui would not do that even if he could get a higher payout, because that meant that he was risking his life.

Xu Tui wanted to earn more money. However, between money and life, life was the most important.

Xu Tui felt indescribably depressed as he looked at the odds that had dropped to 1:1.05. If this continued, the odds would get lower and lower. The money he could earn tonight would probably not meet his expectations.

Xu Tui could not help but think of something.

“Old Zhuang, if I bet everything on my opponent winning and then immediately admit defeat after I go on stage to mess around, can I play like this?” Xu Tui asked.

Zhuang Ziqiang instantly looked as if he had seen a ghost.

“Brother Xu, you must not! The challenger is allowed to bet on himself to win. However, if the challenger bets on his opponent to win, I’m afraid we won’t be able to walk out of Sea Paradise once we’re discovered.

“Also, if the referee determined that you had deliberately admitted defeat or faked a match, then regardless of whether you were willing or not, you would be thrown into the unrestricted arena and only be released after ten matches.

“It was very rare for someone to be able to survive five rounds in a restricted arena, let alone ten. Brother Xu, we can’t think that way.”

Zhuang Ziqiang’s terrified expression made Xu Tui rub his nose awkwardly.

“I saw that the odds were too low just now and suddenly had that thought. I definitely won’t mess around.”

“Thank goodness, thank goodness.”

Zhuang Ziqiang felt as if his heart was about to burst from fear. “Brother Xu, the Sea Paradise has been open for so many years. Basically, all the loopholes that we could think of have been blocked by them. Many people even paid the price with their lives. We just have to follow their rules and earn some money.”

“I understand!”

There was no suspense in the third match.

In the third round, Xu Tui’s odds dropped to 1.04. It was pitifully low.

Xu Tui placed a bet of 2.09 million. The final bonus was only 80,000 yuan. In the end, the balance of his anonymous trading card became 2.17 million, then 2.24 million.

The appearance fee for the third consecutive win was 70,000.

“Old Zhuang, why do I feel that the opponents here are a little weak? There are already three opponents, but they are still inferior to the second-year seniors in our school. Many of them were in their mid-twenties. I feel that they’re very weak,” Xu Tui asked in surprise after he returned from the stage.

Zhuang Ziqiang stared at Xu Tui with a complicated gaze.

“Brother Xu, is the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College the top university in the entire Huaxia Sector?”

“Yes.”

“Basically, at least half of the top geniuses in the entire Huaxia Sector have entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had the best cultivation environment, the best teachers, the best genius students, the best auxiliary cultivation equipment, and a large number of discounted cultivation resources.

“To put it bluntly, studying at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College for a year was equivalent to two to three years of bitter cultivation for ordinary people. As for the newcomers who are participating in the competition here, although they are old, their strength is really not that great,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

“Sigh, not to mention, your combat strength…”

Zhuang Ziqiang no longer wanted to talk about Xu Tui’s strength.

“Does that mean that I’m going to sweep through this arena?” Xu Tui was stunned.

However, Zhuang Ziqiang shook his head again.

“Brother Xu, you can’t be so confident. The three matches you won just now were all for newcomers. If you want to continue the battle later, then your opponents are completely different. Almost every time you win a match, your opponent’s strength increases exponentially.

“You must not be careless. Moreover, after ten consecutive wins, the age rules will be relaxed again. You have to be careful,” Zhuang Ziqiang instructed.

“Don’t worry, I understand!”

“By the way, Brother Xu, let’s withdraw from the next round. There’s no hurry to register,” Zhuang Ziqiang suddenly said.

“Why?”

Xu Tui did not understand.

“Brother Xu, you’ll understand in a while.”

According to the requirements of the regular arena matches, the newcomers would be able to leave or enter the arena after their three consecutive victories.

In other words, Xu Tui could choose to leave after his three consecutive victories. If he wanted to fight later, he could ask his manager to request to enter the arena again.

After the newcomer competition, it was time for the regular competition.

Anyone who won consecutively would be called an Arena Lord.

Those who were interested could freely challenge the arena lords of all levels. The arena lords of all levels could accept the challenge or reject it. The degree of openness was very high.

Of course, in order not to cause a scene, the organizers of the Sea Paradise also had their own challengers.

At the same time, the organizers would use various methods to make reservations. Especially the highly popular challengers.

Being liked or disliked by the audience was considered to be very popular.

After Xu Tui expressed that he would not be going on stage for the time being, the organizers immediately contacted Xu Tui’s manager, Zhuang Ziqiang.

“Brother Xu, the manager here contacted me and said that if you continue to defend the arena, they are willing to double your appearance fee.

“If you are willing to challenge the arena, the number of arena lords you challenge will be countless times more than the number you challenge in every match. The appearance fee will be on top of your current foundation. It will be doubled,” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

Xu Tui instantly understood that Zhuang Ziqiang had suspended his entrance earlier because he was waiting for a good price.

Some of the audience members hated Xu Tui for making them lose money. The other group was extremely curious about Xu Tui. They wanted to know just how powerful he was.

Xu Tui was well aware of the rules of the arena.

Among the 21 newcomers just now, only Xu Tui and another person had won three consecutive matches.

Those who won three matches in a row would automatically become the arena lord.

According to the rules of the regular arena, under normal circumstances, anyone who had won four consecutive rounds or less, or accumulated five or less wins, could challenge Xu Tui.

This was called defending the arena.

Challenging the arena was even easier.

Xu Tui could challenge all the arena lords who could fight today as a challenger.

There were a total of 20 arena lords who could fight at any time today.

Among them, there were seven arena lords who won four wins, four arena lords who won five wins, three arena lords who won six wins, two arena lords who won seven wins, one arena lord who won eight wins, one arena lord who won nine wins, and two arena lords who won ten wins and above.

The basic information of all the arena lords was displayed on the big screen.

At this moment, three of the four-wins arena lords and one of the five-wins arena lords had already been challenged and arranged to enter the battle sequence.

According to the manager of the regular arena in Sea Paradise, every time Xu Tui challenged an arena lord who had more consecutive victories than him, the appearance fee would be doubled.

This was also a way to increase the income and atmosphere of the regular arena.

Xu Tui a.k.a Huang Tianba, the challenger, was relatively popular today. It did not matter whether they liked Xu Tui or hated him. They believed that as long as Xu Tui went on stage, he could increase the atmosphere and increase the number of bets.

According to the manager, Xu Tui’s appearance fee for his three consecutive wins was 80,000 yuan. As long as Xu Tui continued to fight, he would receive an additional 80,000 yuan regardless of whether he was defending or challenging the arena.

If he challenged the arena lord who had won four matches in a row, he would have to give Xu Tui another 80,000 yuan. If he challenged the six-wins arena lord, he would be giving Xu Tui an additional 80,000 yuan.

After a battle, the appearance fee would reach 400,000.

That was quite a lot.

However, Xu Tui cared more about the profits he would get from placing his bet. If he challenged someone above his level, his odds should be slightly higher, right?

He would be able to earn more money. Of course, that was if he won. At the same time, the risk that he had to take increased exponentially.

“Old Zhuang, what are the strength levels of the five-wins or six-wins arena lords?”

While Xu Tui asked Zhuang Ziqiang, he secretly gave Ah Huang an order.

“Ah Huang, use the available information to compare the information of the five-wins arena lords and all six-wins arena lords.”

“Alright. I need some time to compare the information, I need about 10 to 30 minutes,” Ah Huang said. All the best, Huang Tianba.”

At the same time, Zhuang Ziqiang looked at Xu Tui. “Brother Xu, do you want to challenge someone of a higher level?”

“Yes.” Xu Tui nodded. “There are too many uncontrollable factors when it comes to defending the arena. The risk is too great. Who knows what kind of people will appear? However, if it was a challenge, although there was not much information here, it could still be used as a reference.

“Moreover, the candidates were chosen by me. The uncontrollable factors were also reduced to the minimum. Most importantly, if I challenge someone above my level, the odds should be higher, right?” Xu Tui said.

“That’s true. Brother Xu, based on the information I’ve gathered previously, the lowest level in any arena with three consecutive wins and above is a genetic mutant. There are basically no genetic liberators.

“You’re an exception.

“The combat strength of those who won consecutively would definitely be stronger. If you want to challenge someone above your level, my suggestion is that with your strength, you should choose from those below the eight-wins arena lords.

“The strength of those below the eight-wins arena lord was basically in the genetic mutation realm. However, there might be Genetic Evolution Stage experts in those above eight-wins arena lords.

“Basically, those who can secure the position of the arena lord for ten consecutive wins are either top-notch experts in the Genetic Mutant Realm or Genetic Evolvers.” Zhuang Ziqiang gave Xu Tui a range.

“So I should challenge the seven-wins arena lords and below? To prevent any accidents, the seven-wins arena lords should be out too. For the sake of safety, the highest opponent of my cross-level challenge will temporarily be the arena lords with six wins,” Xu Tui said.

“Brother Xu is wise!” Zhuang Ziqiang gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. “Oh right, which one should we challenge?”

“There’s no hurry. Let me study it.”

Twenty minutes later, Xu Tui’s communication device vibrated slightly. He had received a series of information from Ah Huang.

Xu Tui made a decision after reading it twice.

“Old Zhuang, tell the manager here that I want to challenge the arena lord with the code name Fire Lotus.”