Chapter 1502 - 1502: Strongest Mountain Seal (2)

Chapter 1502: Strongest Mountain Seal (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There was only one answer—the enemy was most likely hiding in the Ziwei Palace behind the clouds.

Would the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race and the large number of immortals of the Heavenly Court that they had subdued be afraid of

That was impossible!

There was only one possibility—there was a conspiracy!

The Spiritual Race might be trying to trick him. Then how did the Spiritual Race discover him?

Xu Tui thought of the two assassin-type warriors of the Yamato Clan that he had killed on the way. They were from The Myth.

Now, the Spiritual Race was prepared. That meant that The Myth had completely colluded with the Spiritual Race. They wanted to kill him.

Xu Tui sneered. His left eye and black eye were already in position. The super reaction of Time Distortion was also in position. He thought about it and instantly enveloped the Time Distortion Nova with the satellite enhancement in his body.

The two Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens also landed in his hand. He injected his divine sense and could instantly activate them. He had already prepared his life-saving methods.

Of course, the safest way was to leave. However, Xu Tui would not be able to achieve his goal if he left and the enemy continued to hide.

If the Spiritual Race was holed up in the Ziwei Palace, Xu Tui would be the most anxious. This was because the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei was too important to the Huaxia Race. It could not fall into the hands of the Spiritual

Race.

Xu Tui could only take the risk and see if he could lure the enemy out. In the next moment, he carefully advanced another 500 meters. He was 500 meters away from the entrance of the Ziwei Palace.

There was still no movement from the enemies in the Ziwei Palace.

1,200 meters.

1,100 meters.

However, just as Xu Tui was about 1,000 meters away, the door of the Ziwei Palace suddenly opened. An indescribable malice and killing intent instantly blasted toward Xu Tui with a brilliance.

The white clouds at the entrance were dispersed by dozens of terrifying lights.

Xu Tui was also a little shocked.

There was really an ambush!

There were 24 auras attacking from afar. There were actually three attacks from the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. There were at least three Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

The moment the attack was launched, a seal of lightning flew out of the Ziwei Palace at lightning speed. A beam of light that looked like a lightning net enveloped Xu Tui at lightning speed.

This was the second killing move that Ullr had prepared for Xu Tui. In order to prevent Xu Tui from escaping, he was prepared to use the seal to trap him.

Xu Tui would definitely be reduced to ashes. To be honest, the lightning net was indeed extremely fast. It enveloped him almost the moment the seal appeared. It was as fast as light.

Xu Tui was also shocked. The aura of this lightning seal was vast. To be able to activate it like this, it had definitely been completely refined. Who refined this high-level clergy seal?

However, Xu Tui did not have the time to consider this at this moment. He directly teleported. However, the moment he teleported, the lightning net enveloped him. The speed at which the lightning net enveloped him was even faster than Xu Tui’s teleportation.

Xu Tui was not sure if he could dodge in time if he really managed to block it. Therefore, he activated the Time Distortion Nova without hesitation. In an instant, the special time deceleration circle instantly appeared. It was also at this moment that the lightning net enveloped him.

A magical scene happened. The originally fast lightning net suddenly slowed down when it was within half a meter of Xu Tui. Its deceleration speed had more than doubled. Although it was still very fast, the speed of the lightning net suddenly slowed down.

The moment it slowed down, successfully activated his teleportation and disappeared. Xu Tui disappeared, and so did the time deceleration circle. The lightning net accelerated again and landed where Xu Tui was standing at lightning speed. However, it missed.

There was no one at that location.

Almost at the same time, the long-range attacks of the 24 elites above the Five Satellites blasted to this location at the same time. Flames soared into the sky, and the boundless white clouds nearby were dispersed.

However, they missed.

In the Ziwei Palace, Ullr was stunned. His face instantly turned extremely ashen. “How is that possible? He managed to escape? We can’t let him leave alive. Chase after him!” Ullr felt a headache when he thought of Mana Aoyama. He immediately gave the order to pursue.

Although Xu Tui was powerful, there were so many of them. There might be casualties, but they could accept one or two or even two or three casualties.

In the next moment, the Lord of Myths led the 24 long-range elites and rushed out of the Ziwei Palace first. They searched for the direction where Xu Tui had escaped and prepared to chase after him.

Xu Tui, who had only teleported three kilometers away, had a strange expression in his eyes. He had a different experience when he used the time deceleration circle for the first time in actual combat.

It seemed that the Time Distortion Nova’s time deceleration circle was not as simple as Xu Tui had previously understood. Even if Xu Tui did not use it just now, he should have been able to escape in time. After all, he had made ample preparations.

Xu Tui immediately let go of all thoughts when he saw the people from the Ziwei Palace chasing after him. There was only one thought left!

Kill the enemy!

The risk he took just now was actually for this moment.

Although Xu Tui only saw The Myth’s men and did not see any members of the Spiritual Race, this was not the time to consider these questions.

Xu Tui’s Earth Body completed the transformation the moment the people came out of the Ziwei Palace. The enhancement to the Mountain Nova in the main force field also instantly reached its maximum. He did not hesitate to inject the red light of a red fire slip into it.

In his mind, the floating Mount Heng Divine Seal also injected a divine light into the new star. In an instant, the Mountain Nova could almost see the seven star halos.

Late-stage of the sixth star halo.

The Mountain Seal instantly materialized. The holy power in the two Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens in his hand also instantly detonated and enveloped the Mountain Seal.

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal was like a mountain as it blasted toward the Myth’s people who had just rushed out. This seal had a radius of 20 meters and enveloped half of the elites.

Everyone, including the Lord of Myths, Ullr, was enveloped by this seal. The terrifying aura under the heavy enhancement shocked Ullr.

This was especially so with the fusion of the holy power of the two Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens. It directly activated the aura of the Mountain Seal to the power of the peak Seven Satellites of the Planetary realm.

It was almost equivalent to the full-powered attack of an Eight Satellites

Planetary realm powerhouse. There was also the enhancement of the invisible Earth Body. This power was definitely close to the attack of an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Ullr let out a strange cry. He turned into a bolt of lightning and fled out of the range of the Mountain Seal. The other three lightning-type supernatural beings either dodged out or attacked Xu Tui from afar.

However, it was already a little late for the attack.

In the end, Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal covered three Six Satellites and seven Five Satellites.

Boom!

The Mountain Seal landed.

The door of Ziwei Palace trembled slightly..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1