Chapter 1509 - 1509: Departure And Being Trapped

Chapter 1509 - 1509: Departure and Being Trapped

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“He actually flipped the table! How can he be qualified to flip the table!” In the Ziwei Palace, Ullr lost his cool for the first time when he felt the pressure of the rules coming from all directions. He flew into a rage!

At the current speed, he would be able to refine the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal in a few days. The initial refinement was equivalent to belonging to him. Moreover, because he had completely taken over a clergy of the Heavenly Court, he had many wonderful uses after refining the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole.

But now, the table had been flipped over. There was no need to think about who had flipped the table. Ullr could confirm that it was Xu Tui. The refinement progress of the Spiritual Race was not much faster than his. They did not have the right to flip the table.

But how did Xu Tui have the right to flip the table? To flip the table, he had to refine the Six Imperial Seal to a certain extent. At this level, it might be a quarter or a third. No matter how fast Xu Tui’s refinement speed was, being able to refine the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole in such a

short period of time was already his limit.

How could he have the right to flip the table?

“Could it be that the Huaxia Race really has a secret?” Ullr quickly recovered his composure as he thought. The anger just now was only a short-term release. If he could not control his emotions, Ullr would not have reached this level.

“Sir, I might be sent back to my office by the power of law,” one of the Seven Satellites Muyas under Ullr suddenly said.

“I can only leave for the time being! However, I’ll send you an edict to see if I can bring you away.”

The combat strength of the two Seven Satellites under him was still very useful. Ullr wanted to bring these two Seven Satellites out of the Heavenly Court. This would be very helpful to his subsequent plans.

These two Seven Satellites Immortals had been conferred by him with his clergy. According to the rules, they could leave the Heavenly Court with an order.

He wanted to try.

In the next moment, a huge seal of lightning flew out from above Ullr’s head. Two imperial decrees quickly landed on the seals one by one and flew towards the two officers.

It was also at this moment that the Six Satellites and the Five Satellites clergymen and immortals turned into streaks of white light and were sent out of Ziwei Palace by the power of law. They were sent back to where they should be.

However, these two Seven Satellites officers were not teleported away by the power of law under the protection of this edict.

“Sir, with the protection of your edict, it can indeed allow us to resist the power of the rules of the Heavenly Court. However, I feel that the power on your edict is rapidly depleting. If the power on the edict disappears, we will immediately be teleported away by the power of law. We need to get out of here as soon as possible,” one of the seven satellite officers said.

“I know.” Ullr really knew. This was because although he was an outsider, he was already a true legitimate god of the Heavenly Court, and yet, he was also restricted by this rule. It was because of his physical body that he was less restricted by the rules. However, he could still sense the boundless power of the rules.

After all, Xu Tui had used the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to flip the table. His clergy seal could not resist the might of the seal.

Only the Six Imperials could resist the Six Imperials.

Ullr could only say as he glared at the Ziwei Emperor Seal that was just 2% from complete refinement, “Retreat! It won’t be long before we can return!”

Ullr used his mind power to connect the two seven satellite officers and the 10 quasi-planets under him. He allowed the repulsive power of the rules to send them out.

Ullr felt his heart ache. He had brought a team in. Including him, there were a total of three Planetary realm experts. The other two Planetary realm experts were all elites under him. He had even planned the positions of their clergy for them.

Unfortunately, they had been destroyed by Xu Tui in the previous battle.

That hatred!

In another residence, Lang Han of the Spiritual Race also had a gloomy expression. He had just begun to refine the Six Imperial Seal when the table was flipped over. This feeling was not good.

Who could it be? Lang Han was confused. He did not know too well who had flipped the table.

In the Heavenly Court, Jin Tai, who had just obtained a certain clergy seal, was also stunned when he sensed the surging repulsive force of the rules.

“The Heavenly Court is going to be sealed off again. Who did this?” In his shock, Jin Tai thought of Gu Teng. “I wonder how Gu Teng’s harvest is? Did he enter the Purple Night Saint Realm? Why is there no news at all!”

In the Shenxiao Prefecture, Xu Tui looked at the fallen Huaxia Elites and broke out in a cold sweat. The repulsive force of the rules became stronger and stronger. Yang MO had already been sent away by the repulsive force of the rules. Bao Zhang would probably be gone soon.

However, before he was sent away, Bao Zhang had already gathered the Huaxia members who had fainted for Xu Tui. Even so, Xu Tui was still worried. He activated his mind power force field and used it to envelop everyone who was unconscious. He tried his best to integrate their auras.

He hoped that they would not be separated during the teleportation.

Otherwise…

Xu Tui had a tragic expression when he thought of the consequences. This time, he was reckless. He did not expect that there would be a consequence that would completely drain the mind power of his supporters.

Xu Tui had already fed Cai Shaochu and An Xiaoxue two of the Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pills that he had obtained from the Spiritual Race.

Under normal circumstances, with the size of the mind power of the people present, if they fainted because they had exhausted their mind power, they would be able to recover by sleeping normally.

It was not harmful to the body. In fact, to a certain extent, it was beneficial.

However, he would probably be unconscious for three days and three nights. At this critical moment, sleeping for more than three days and three nights was extremely fatal.

Five seconds later, Xu Tui put the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole into his body. The power of law that was originally controlled by the Longevity Emperor Seal instantly enveloped everyone.

Xu Tui, who was enveloped, suddenly heaved a sigh of relief. They were wrapped into a whole and were not scattered. It seemed that it was not a random teleportation. As long as it was not a random teleportation, there would be no problems.

Xu Tui had to protect them even if he had to risk his life. The teams from the Africa Sector and the Russian Federation were also teleported with Xu Tui and the others. It was worth mentioning that the Africa Sector had suffered heavy losses. Out of the 13 people who came in, only five were left. The strength of the Planetary realm powerhouses in their team was not great.

The situation of the Russian Federation’s team was a little better. They had lost a Planetary realm and three quasi-planetary experts. There were still nine people left.

Therefore, there were a total of 28 people in Xu Tui’s group, including Gabe and Derry.

Xu Tui had already put on the Blue Star’s full combat uniform for these two people. No one would be able to discover them if they did not deliberately investigate. The feeling of being enveloped by the power of the natural order only lasted three seconds before it ended.

The teleportation ended.

The moment the teleportation ended, Xu Tui’s mental perception spread in all directions. He wanted to know where he had been teleported to.

Was it Ceres Star, an unknown planet, or somewhere?

However, Xu Tui was slightly stunned the moment he activated his mental perception. It was not Ceres Star, nor was it an unknown planet.

It was still… in the Heavenly Court!

However, it was outside the Southern Heavenly Gate. The location should be where they had entered three days ago. In the sky filled with white clouds, a huge vortex door of light slowly spun.

This was the exit of the Small Universe of Heavenly Court in the Southern Heavenly Gate. He was not sent out of the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

He did not succeed in sealing the small universe of the Heavenly Court? That was Xu Tui’s first thought. Suddenly, Xu Tui saw two teams not far away. They were trying to advance in the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate.

Clearly, they had also been teleported here. After discovering that they had not been completely teleported out of the small universe, they had an idea. They also wanted to see if they could enter the Heavenly Court again.

Xu Tui’s heart also hung in his throat. If they were to charge into the Heavenly Court again, his previous seal would be in vain. However, in the next moment, an extremely thick light screen suddenly appeared in front of his two teams and blocked their path.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief.

Ullr and the Spiritual Race, Lang Han, did not give up. They command their personnel to blast the light screen at the same time. The light screen did not move, but a violent roar came. “How dare you! Who dares to invade the borders of the Heavenly Court!”

This should be the voice of a deputy general of the Southern Heavenly Gate.

This roar made Ullr and Lang Han cower. If they attracted the garrison of the Southern Heavenly Gate, they would be doomed under the long-range attacks of that army.

Therefore, no one tried again.

“Look, the tunnel seems to be shrinking.” A Planetary realm cultivator from the Great Xi Clan suddenly exclaimed.

Jin Tai also noticed this scene. It looked at the slowly shrinking tunnel as it looked into the Heavenly Court. He had lost contact with Gu Teng. Up until now, he could not contact Gu Teng.

Ullr looked at Xu Tui from afar. He did not say a word, but his expression was filled with killing intent.

On the other side, Haren, Augustus, and the others, who had been teleported out, saw that there was no hope of entering the Heavenly Court again and left one after another. Not long after, all the Blue Star human teams, except for Xu Tui’s, left.

Lang Han of the Spiritual Race, Ullr and Jin Tai did not leave.

Xu Tui did not dare to leave in a hurry. He had 17 unconscious people here. He could only use his mind power to activate the illusory reality to cover them so that Ullr and the others could not see anything unusual.

A minute later, Jin Tai, who could not wait for Gu Teng, also left with his team.

Ullr frowned as he looked at Xu Tui and the others, who were standing where they were and spreading out their mind power. This was especially so for the quasi-planetary experts from the Africa Sector and the Russian Federation. Their extremely nervous expressions attracted his attention.

Was there a problem?

“Sir, I’m afraid the edict can’t hold on much longer. If we don’t leave now, the two of us won’t be able to.” The two seven satellite officers smiled bitterly.

“Alright, we’ll leave now!” Ullr also knew the severity of the situation. However, just as he was about to step out of the tunnel, three bolts of lightning suddenly shot toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s expression instantly changed drastically..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1