Chapter 1501 - 1501: The Strongest Mountain Seal (1)

Chapter 1501: The Strongest Mountain Seal (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui broke through to the Five Satellites Planetary Realm. His main planet and five satellites had achieved rapid breakthroughs, but after the rapid breakthrough, the modification and strengthening of his body by the main planet and the satellites was still slowly progressing.

This was a spontaneous gradual strengthening of the genes from the inside out. This strengthening included vision, hearing, and so on. Therefore, even though he was ten kilometers away, Xu Tui could already vaguely see the faint outline of a palace in the distant clouds. “Is Ziwei Palace ahead?”

Xu Tui observed from afar and looked at Bao Zhang and Yang MO behind him. The two of them whispered at the same time, “Sir, our levels are low. We have never entered the Purple Night Saint Realm, let alone arrived before the Ziwei

Palace.”

That was true.

According to the identities of Bao Zhang and Yang MO, unless these two people made earth-shattering contributions, they would definitely not have a chance to enter the Purple Night Saint Realm.

“The two of you, stay further away. Be smart and wait for an opportunity to fight. If there are too many enemies, feel free to run back to Shenxiao Prefecture. I won’t blame you,” Xu Tui instructed in advance.

It was mainly because it was not easy to get two subordinates with the strength of Six Satellites. Furthermore, he had restrained and subdue them. It would still hurt for them to die here.

According to the situation detected by the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole, at least 50 seals had been refined.

Some of the clergy seals that were refined would obtain the loyalty of people like Bao Zhang and Yang MO when they entered certain clergy halls. They would also directly remove the restrictions on their mental bodies.

In this case, the combat strength of the Spiritual Race was probably not weak.

The combat strength of the Spiritual Race that had entered this place was also very strong. There were as many as 30 Planetary realm experts, but Xu Tui had killed two teams and six Planetary realm experts.

Including the three Planetary realm experts who had been killed by Xu Tui, as well as Chi Wuxun, who had been tricked to death by Xu Tui in the Southern

Heavenly Gate, there were already ten Planetary realm experts in the Spiritual Race who had been killed by Xu Tui.

There were at most 20 Planetary realm experts left.

Xu Tui was not worried. He was worried that the Spiritual Race would be like the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, who had subdued a large number of managers, immortals, and even higher-ranking Star Officials.

With a large number of Five Satellites, Six Satellites, and even Seven Satellites, Bao Zhang and Yang MO would definitely die if they came.

Xu Tui had become a little bolder.

Currently, the Vajra Barrier that had been strengthened to the late-stage of the four star halos had been enhanced. Coupled with the enhancement of the

Myriad Thoughts Holy Token, he had even unleashed the seven levels of Vajra Barrier. Even a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse would not be able to instantly kill Xu Tui.

Coupled with his teleportation and the magical ability of the Time Distortion

Nova that he had just obtained, was really bold. No matter how much there was, Xu Tui would still dare to use the shameless tactic of flying a kite to launch a surprise attack.

However, these two people could not do it.

What Xu Tui did not expect was that his words would scare Bao Zhang and Yang Mo.

“Sir, don’t worry. The two of us will definitely repay you with our lives. Even if we die on the spot, we will definitely not take half a step back.” Bao Zhang and Yang MO half-knelt on the spot to show their loyalty.

Xu Tui looked at the two of them with a strange expression. Then, he shook his head and smiled. “I’m serious. This is a tactic! You’ve seen my life-saving technique. Therefore, there’s no need for you to tempt fate for nothing.”

Xu Tui spoke sincerely. Bao Zhang and Yang MO were also a little touched. Of course, he would not believe that such a small matter could move an old monster who had been around for thousands of years. He would not dream of it. It was just to preserve two powerful subordinates.

The Six Satellites Planetary realm power was still very powerful.

“The two of you, stay here and observe. I’ll summon you if I need you. If something is wrong, retreat immediately,” Xu Tui instructed.

Hearing this, Bao Zhang and Yang MO bowed to thank him again. Their thanks were sincere. If Xu Tui did not make such an arrangement, their situation might really be very dangerous. Ten seconds later, Xu Tui adjusted his condition to its peak. Then, he flew toward the towering clouds in front of him at a constant speed with the Vajra Barrier.

Just like Shenxiao Prefecture, Ziwei Palace was also hidden in the boundless clouds.

Xu Tui did not sense any enemies at five kilometers. He still did not sense any enemies after three kilometers. However, all his mental perception stopped at the entrance of Ziwei Palace. He could not enter with his mental perception.

In the Ziwei Palace, Ullr had already set up a total of 24 experts above the Five Satellites who were good at long-range attacks, including him, inside the entrance of the Ziwei Palace. They had already seen Xu Tui arrive. Xu Tui, who was carefully approaching, had a cold expression.

“Everyone, don’t look at him with your gaze and mind power. Look at the ground. Wait for him to get closer before connecting! It’ll be fine as long as he’s reduced to ashes!” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, had a dark expression.

If they destroyed this guy in one wave, be it the trouble of seal, Mana Aoyama, or the various troubles that Raymont had provoked previously, they would be written off with the destruction of this guy.

As for the responsibility of saving the Blue Star, it would be up to him!

Xu Tui carefully approached the outside of the Ziwei Palace. He did not discover any enemies. Whether it was his mental perception or the black and white world of his left eye, he did not find any enemies.

However, he felt an indescribable sense of crisis in his heart. At the same time, the passive resonance of his spiritual resonance also transmitted a faint malice.

There was an enemy, but Xu Tui did not notice it..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1