Chapter 1507 - 1507: Edict

Chapter 1507 - 1507: Edict

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

There was only one way to stop the Spiritual Race and the Lord of Myths from refining the Six Imperial Seal.

That was to flip the table!

The table was flipped over. So stop playing.

Moreover, flipping the table was beneficial to Xu Tui. That was because he had already refined the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole to 26%. He could store it into his body at will. Even if he flipped the table, Xu Tui could still take the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole away and continue to refine it.

The Spiritual Race and the Lord of Myths had not refined the Six Imperial Seals that they wanted to refine to the extent that they could keep them in their bodies. Therefore, he could flip the table.

However, flipping a table here was not something that anyone could do. The only people who were qualified to flip the table were the Six Imperials or the Leader of the Six Imperials.

So how could he flip the table?

Actually, it was to close the small universe of the Heavenly Court and seal it again.

Once the small universe of the Heavenly Court was sealed again, anyone who did not have a proper clergy position of the Heavenly Court would be expelled by the rules of the small universe.

Including Xu Tui.

Even though he had refined so many clergy seals, he had not completely refined any of them. Therefore, Xu Tui could not be considered a proper clergyman of the Heavenly Court.

The only exception was probably Ullr.

From the previous intelligence, Ullr had already obtained a high-level lightning-type clergy seal. Being able to confer a subordinate meant that he had already become a clergy. Even if Xu Tui flipped the table, he would not be able to move him.

However, it could take away all of his subordinates.

Xu Tui had estimated that without the help of the large number of divine seals controlled by his subordinates, the normal speed at which Ullr refined the seal of the Ziwei Emperor was not faster than Xu Tui. It was even slower than Xu Tui.

According to this deduction, the Lord of Myths was still 3% away from refining the Ziwei Emperor Seal of the North Pole to 5% without the help of a large number of normal seals.

Under normal circumstances, this 3% might take him more than half a year. More accurately, it might take about eight months. In other words, even if Ullr did not leave and continued to stay in the small universe of the Heavenly Court alone, it would still take more than half a year.

This time was exactly what Xu Tui needed. There was no need for more than half a year. Three to five months was enough for Xu Tui to change many things.

Xu Tui did not have enough information on the Spiritual Race. But they probably have a proper clergy position like Ullr. Even if he stayed, it would still take time.

What Xu Tui lacked the most at the moment was time.

After thinking about it for a few minutes, Xu Tui made a decision—to flip the table.

He would flip the table first and buy himself at least half a year or even more.

That was because according to the feedback of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole, Xu Tui could control the seal of the Longevity Emperor to close the small universe of the Heavenly Court again.

There were four Heavenly Gates in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Every Heavenly Gate was naturally connected to the four directions of the universe. Just like Ceres Star, they were mutually beneficial.

The so-called closure was to once again seal the four Heavenly Gates of the Heavenly Court from the outside to the inside through the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

This required mobilizing a large amount of Origin Energy.

The energy that Xu Tui, a half-wielder, could mobilize to seal the small universe of the Heavenly Court would be very fragile. It was estimated that it would take a few months to half a year.

This was because he had benefited from the rules of the Heavenly Court itself.

Moreover, the small universe of the Heavenly Court had only just appeared. Currently, only the Ssouthern Heavenly Gate has been completely unsealed. Otherwise, he would not have been able to seal the small universe of the Heavenly Court itself even if he used all his strength.

However, there was a way to strengthen the seal.

And that was an order!

As one of the six rulers, the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole naturally had the power to command the gods and immortals. As long as he issued a decree as the Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole, the other normal clergy could also contribute to the seal.

Regardless of whether or not this Normal Divine Duty was completely in place, as long as one had needed to refine the Divine Duty Seal at the preliminary stage.

“Principal, I need your help.” Xu Tui took the initiative to contact Cai Shaochu after he thought about it.

“Tell me, what do you need me to do?”

Cai Shaochu’s answer stunned Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had prepared a bunch of excuses. He was prepared to analyze the cause and effect, as well as the reason for his thoughts, for Cai Shaochu to convince him. He did not expect Cai Shaochu to respond to him with such a simple sentence.

“Principal, I will be closing the small universe of the Heavenly Court in advance later. However, in order to ensure the success rate of the closure and the time it takes to close it, I need the people on your side who have already refined the Star Official’s seal to receive my decree and help me.” Xu Tui made a long story short.

“Alright, how many people do you need to hold the Star Official’s Seal?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“The more the merrier!”

“Alright, where can I see you?”

Cai Shaochu’s straightforwardness made the conflict and anger in Xu Tui’s heart suddenly disappear.

In this world, there would always be his peers! Not everyone was like Itavi and Ullr. He had comrades!

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui teleported to the moon door of the Purple Night

Saint Realm. He did not need to use his blood essence. He used the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to open the door to the Purple Night Saint Realm.

“You broke through to the third level of the Planetary realm?” Cai Shaochu was a little surprised when he saw Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was currently at the Five Satellites of the Planetary realm. However, because of the main and secondary force fields, his cultivation level could be maintained at the Three Satellites Planetary realm.

It could be considered a pit. However, Xu Tui did not have much time to explain to Cai Shaochu. The sooner he closed the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the better. However, Xu Tui was a little shocked when he saw the people behind Cai Shaochu. There were 21 people behind Cai Shaochu.

Other than the people from the Huaxia Sector, there were also people from the

Africa Sector and the Russian Federation.

“Principal, they?”

“Their two families obtained a total of four seals. I thought they were useful, so I called them back,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui saw An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and Wen Shao behind Cai Shaochu. They were all participating in the battle as quasi-planets.

Although the three of them were only quasi-planetary, they had the combat strength of the Planetary realm. Xu Tui scanned with his mind power and felt that the three of them had already reached the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. It was only a matter of time before they broke through.

They must have gained a lot from this exploration trip to the Heavenly Court.

“Principal, how many seals are there?” Xu Tui asked.

“Including the four from their families, we have a total of 17 seals,” Cai Shaochu said.

“What? Seventeen?” Xu Tui was stunned. There were only 13 people in the Huaxia Sector. Excluding the four from the other sectors, there were 13 people in the Huaxia Sector who each had a seal.

“Why? Is it a lot? In any case, it’s very easy for us to obtain these seals according to your guidance. For example, after Wen Shao and Qu Qingshan revealed their auras, the seals seemed to be sticking to them. Not only that, but it also gave them a large amount of Origin Energy. If they weren’t still suppressing it, they would have broken through to the Planetary realm by now,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. This was not the time to ask any more questions. He immediately led everyone toward Shenxiao Prefecture.

In fact, it was only right for the Huaxia Sector to have such a harvest. It would be abnormal if the cultivators of the Huaxia Sector and other races received the same treatment after the person in charge of the ancient Heavenly Court sealed themselves.

He must have left some trump cards.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui brought a group of people into Shenxiao Prefecture.

“Let’s cut to the chase. I’ll use this huge seal to give you a decree later. After you accept the decree, just activate the power of your seal and fuse it with the power I lead,” Xu Tui said simply.

After receiving everyone’s confirmation, Xu Tui suddenly activated the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He focused his mind power and condensed a large amount of Origin Energy into a piece of paper. Then, he issued a decree.

Xu Tui did not know if the format was right, but the meaning was right. According to his previous communication with Little Six, Little Six’s answer was only one sentence. The higher-ups did whatever they wanted. There were not that many rules.

Their own thoughts and requirements were the rules. It was fine as long as the meaning was clear. There was no need to pay attention to the format.

Xu Tui thought about it and agreed. Which higher-up would set too many format restrictions on themselves? That would be asking for trouble.

Imperial Decree: You should do your best to help me command the world and seal the Heavenly Court again!

It was concise.

The contents were enough. When it was time to stamp the seal, Xu Tui awkwardly realized that the seal could not be stamped. If the seal could not be stamped, the edict would be nonsense.

Xu Tui thought about it and saw the throne of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. In the past, he did not believe in this. Now, he did.

It has to be right and proper!

Xu Tui wanted to sit on the throne of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, but it was very awkward.

He could not sit down!

However, this did not prevent Xu Tui from standing in front of the throne.

Then, Xu Tui placed the decree that he had condensed with his energy on the table in front of the throne. He activated the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole with his mind power and gently covered it.

He had succeeded!

The decree flew out.

The 17 people standing at the foot of the stairs caught it with their seals. In an instant, 17 lights injected into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole from below.

Then, the other four lights were also injected into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. These were Xu Tui’s other seals.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui activated his mind power and gave the order to close the four Heavenly Gates again.

Clouds moved in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. The energy of the world in all directions surged towards the Shenxiao Prefecture where the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was.

Then, it turned into orders and flew in all directions.

The moment the first edict landed on the Southern Heavenly Gate, the expressions of Shang Long and the others, who were waiting on Ceres Star, instantly changed.

This was because the tunnel vortex in the small universe of the Heavenly Court was actually disappearing!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1