Chapter 1506 - 1506: The Only Way To Stop

Chapter 1506 - 1506: The Only Way to Stop

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Ullr, this is Shenxiao Prefecture!”

Xu Tui directly exposed the identity of the mysterious person in front of him, who was still disguised. He was not just trying to anger Ullr.

He mainly wanted to use this opportunity to personally confirm the identity of Ullr. Once he left the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Xu Tui was prepared to convince Shang Luo and Cai Shaochu in the shortest time possible. Then, he would step forward and organize various forces to eliminate the higher-ups of The Myth at lightning speed.

Unfortunately, Ullr was still extremely cautious even at this moment. He was unwilling to admit his identity verbally. He turned around and stared coldly at Shenxiao Prefecture. Then, he waved his hand and left with his remaining subordinates.

The moment he left, his mental voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Xu Tui, if you have the ability, don’t ever leave the Shenxiao Prefecture! Moreover, it’s useless even if you don’t leave the Shenxiao Prefecture. Just you wait!

“When I successfully refine the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole, it will be time for me to cut off your head!”

After saying that, the Lord of Myths’ face turned ashen. He suppressed his anger and left with his subordinates. There was no point in staying here. Sending people to stay behind was sending themselves to their deaths. It would be a waste of time if Xu Tui did not come out with so many people.

As for attacking the Shenxiao Prefecture, he no longer had such thoughts. Xu Tui had already refined the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole. Even if he did not, he would not dare to do so.

The spontaneous counterattack of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had already made him suffer. The Six Imperial Seal was almost the highest in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Its dignity was inviolable.

The only person who could insult the six imperials was probably the six imperials themselves. In other words, unless he completely refined the seal, he would not dare to attack the Shenxiao Prefecture again.

It was for no other reason than the loss just now.

Ullr almost wanted to cry when he came out to count his losses. They had suffered heavy losses. Including him, half of the six lightning-type supernatural beings he had brought with him had died, including a lightning-type supernatural being that was being conferred.

What made his heart ache especially was that the Star Official Seal that he had painstakingly found all these years had also fallen into Xu Tui’s hands.

It was extremely difficult to get it back.

That was not all.

The wave outside, which was also his subordinates, had also suffered heavy losses when they used the various clergy seals they had obtained to attack Shenxiao Prefecture and attract the Heavenly Punishment.

There were a total of five Five Satellites, one Six Satellites that had turned to ashes on the spot. Half of them were injured.

In this battle, a quarter of his combat strength was lost.

The most important thing was that half of the lightning-type direct descendants had been lost, especially the loss of the seal that could appoint a seven-satellite official. It hurt him to the core.

At this moment, he could only swallow his pride. He had to endure it first. He would think about everything after he refined the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal.

Xu Tui did not chase after the team of the Lord of Myths as they quickly left.

Although his battle results were impressive and he did not suffer any losses in terms of personnel, it was not easy for Xu Tui either. He consumed 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals, which could still afford it.

Most importantly, Xu Tui had used the Time Deceleration Circle, the main planet force field of his mind power, and other abilities. Not only had he expended a lot of mind power, but his mental body had also suffered a backlash. The circulation of his mind power had become a little sluggish.

This was especially so for the lightning circle created by the lightning hammer that Ullr had escaped. It had actually caused Xu Tui a lot of damage.

Xu Tui knew his situation very well. He could no longer fight continuously. He needed time to recover from his injuries. Moreover, there was no point in chasing after them.

In the continuous battles just now, Xu Tui had occupied the home ground advantage and set up an ambush in the Shenxiao Prefecture. He had successfully lured the Ullr, but he still did not manage to kill him.

He would definitely not be able to kill them even if he chased after them.

Xu Tui first looked at the Star Official Seal that was bound to his hand. He surged his mind power over and wanted to try refining it.

However, he did not expect the Star Official Seal to be able to resist his refinement.

Under normal circumstances, the package of mind power could no longer be refined.

Xu Tui thought about it and was not in a hurry. He sealed the Star Official Seal and threw it into the quantum dimensional chain. He believed that he could use the red light in the red fire slip to deal with it after it accumulated a lot of red light.

Then, Xu Tui injected his mind power into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He wanted to see the damage to the Shenxiao Prefecture. The combined attacks of the 50-odd seals outside the residence just now were quite powerful.

However, Xu Tui suddenly froze when he invested his mind power. He was at 26% refinement progress.

Before this, Xu Tui’s refinement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole was less than 21%. He had sensed it just now and injected a large amount of mind power into the seal to help the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole counterattack.

He did not expect the refinement progress to increase by 5%.

This was the only explanation Xu Tui could think of. Otherwise, there was no way to explain the explosive increase in the refinement progress of the South Pole’s Longevity Emperor Seal.

At that moment, Xu Tui was a little grateful to Ullr.

If this guy had organized a few more such forced attacks on the prefecture, Xu Tui might be able to complete the refinement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole as soon as possible.

It saved Xu Tui some time.

However, that was not all. The 5% increase in the refinement process allowed the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole to feed Xu Tui a lot of information.

The Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole seemed to have a little more functions. As he understood, he began to absorb the power in the Soul Crystal to recover his mind power. He consumed a Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill of the Spiritual Race.

The pills of the Spiritual Race were rather effective at such a moment. Not only could they recover one’s mind power to a certain extent, but they could also recover one’s mental injuries.

There were not many things that could recover from the injuries of his mental body.

The Silver Spirit Box in Xu Tui’s hand had a much better recovery effect than the Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill. But he understood how precious the Silver Spirit Box was. He did not dare to waste it.

While he was recovering, Xu Tui thought about what he should do next.

Previously, Xu Tui’s goal was to stop the Spiritual Race and Ullr from refining and inheriting the Six Imperial Seal. It had been confirmed that the Great Emperor Ziwei’s seal was being refined by Ullr. In that case, the other Six Imperial Seal should be refined by the Spiritual Race.

As for the Great Xi Clan, Xu Tui had already destroyed half of them. It was possible that they had not entered the Purple Night Saint Realm yet.

From the looks of it, Xu Tui’s goal of stopping the Lord of Myths from refining the seal of the Ziwei Emperor had completely failed.

There was no possibility of success if he charged over again.

If he continued to charge forward, Xu Tui would not be able to do anything as long as Ullr hid in the Ziwei Palace and did not come out. He would also face the life- threatening danger of being ambushed at any time.

Xu Tui was also weighing the pros and cons for stopping the Spiritual Race from refining the other Six Imperial Seal. As his mental body was injured, Xu Tui would need about half a day to completely recover from his injuries even if he consumed the Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill.

In other words, Xu Tui would only be able to look for the Spiritual Race after half a day.

However, Xu Tui was considering another problem. Did he have the ability to stop the Spiritual Race from refining the Six Imperial Seal?

Based on the strength of the Spiritual Race, Xu Tui had already killed ten of the 30 Planetary realm experts. There were still 20 Planetary realm experts left. He could completely stop the Spiritual Race from refining the Six Imperial Seal.

However, what if he counted the power that the Spiritual Race had developed and obtained during this period of time?

Xu Tui felt that it was a little uncertain.

There was no need to use Ullr as a template. If the Spiritual Race obtained two-thirds or half of the power of the Lord of The Myths, Xu Tui would have no possibility of stopping them from refining the Six Imperial Seal as long as there were no major problems with their strategy.

The final outcome might be like stopping the Lord of Myths from refining the Six Imperial Seal. He would fail on the verge of success. He could not stop it.

Then, Xu Tui only had one choice. He had to compete with Ullr and the Spiritual Race in the process of refining the Six Imperial Seal.

Xu Tui was confident in this. As he cultivated and refined, he accumulated the red light of the red fire slip. After accumulating for a period of time, he could use the red light of the red fire slip to speed up the refinement process.

When he completely refined the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, Ullr and the Spiritual Race would at most have half or even a third of Xu Tui’s refinement progress.

The problem was that be it Ullr or the Spiritual Race, they did not need to completely refine the Six Imperial Seal, much less half or even a third.

As long as they refined the Six Imperial Seal to about 10%, they would be able to calmly leave with the Six Imperial Seal. Then, they would refine the Six Imperial Seal in their nest until it was completely refined.

In reality, Xu Tui would lose as long as they refined the Six Imperial Seal to 10%.

That meant that they had completely occupied the two Six Imperial Seals.

In his previous observations, the progress of Ullr in refining the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei of the North Pole had reached more than 2%. It was even close to 3%.

What about the Spiritual Race?

It was obvious that the Spiritual Race’s understanding and control of the Heavenly Court was not only higher than that of the Blue Star humans, but also higher than that of the Muyas.

From this point of deduction, the Spiritual Race’s refinement of the Six Imperial Seal might be a little faster than Ullr. In that case, Xu Tui had to stop them from refining the Six Imperial Seal in a short period of time.

Otherwise, once these two Six Imperial Seals were lost, it would be extremely difficult to take them back.

Previously, Ullr had obtained a lightning seal that was of a lower level than the Six Imperial Seal. The enhancement was so strong that it made Ullr very difficult to deal with.

What about the Six Imperial Seals? How could he stop it?

Xu Tui frowned and thought hard for a while, but he could not come up with an answer. However, a message from the Longevity Emperor Seal suddenly gave Xu Tui hope. This might be the only way to stop the Spiritual Race and Ullr from obtaining and taking away the Six Imperial Seal..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1