Chapter 1505 - 1505: This Is Shenxiao Prefecture

Chapter 1505 - 1505: This Is Shenxiao Prefecture

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had not expected the elites under Ullr to bring more than 50 Divine Duty Seals and gather divine light to attack the Shenxiao Prefecture from outside. It was also because Xu Tui’s full attention was on Ullr and the others in the residence that he did not pay attention to the situation outside the residence.

When the Shenxiao Prefecture shook internally and externally, Ullr actually took this opportunity to use his lightning seal to blast a hole in the Shenxiao Prefecture’s restriction.

The Longevity Emperor Seal in Xu Tui’s body had already been activated. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was like an emperor who had been enraged.

But Xu Tui’s refinement of it was very small. He did not understand how he should control it to repair the gap in the restriction or counterattack. Xu Tui felt a hint of desire from the feedback given to him by the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

Its dignity had been violated!

It wanted to counterattack!

It wanted to punish these people!

Instinctively, or rather, subconsciously, Xu Tui injected his mind power into the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, hoping to receive some feedback. The moment he injected his mind power, he did not receive any feedback.

However, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, which had been injected with mind power, instantly rushed out of Xu Tui’s mind and instantly hung above the Shenxiao Prefecture.

In an instant, the energy from all directions in the Shenxiao Prefecture gathered crazily.

A terrifying aura was forming rapidly.

At this moment, the expression of Ullr changed drastically! He instantly understood that he had violated a huge taboo. He thought that the Six Imperial Seals of the Heavenly Court were dead objects. It was indeed an inanimate object, but it was not!

Every Six Imperial Seal had its own duties. At the same time, it also had its own dignity.

It had been violated!

“Retreat, retreat quickly!” Ullr immediately warned them.

Ullr had an extremely high prestige among his subordinates. Hearing his warning, the subordinates gathered in front of the Shenxiao Prefecture retreated at lightning speed with the seal.

Almost at the same time, the countless energy gathered by the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole directly injected into the plaque of the Shenxiao Prefecture.

In the next moment, the plaque of the Shenxiao Prefecture suddenly erupted with hundreds of lights. Every light was a bolt of lightning that blasted towards the group of Myth Elites who had attacked the Shenxiao Prefecture just now. Even Ullr and the others who had fled internally did not fall behind.

This moment was like a heavenly punishment!

Ullr, who had just brought five lightning-type supernatural beings through the hole in the restriction, was directlv hit bv hundreds of            bolts.

These various bolts of lightning were extremely powerful. Even though Ullr and the others were extremely powerful and had the protection of the seal, they were blasted down from the loopholes in the restriction on the spot.

Outside the Shenxiao Prefecture, screams rang out repeatedly. A few unlucky fellows were blasted into a ball of green smoke by more than ten bolts of Heavenly Punishment Lightning and turned into nothingness.

Ullr was blasted back into the Shenxiao Prefecture. He spat out a mouthful of blood. The cold sensation under his feet made him feel as if he was being targeted by a poisonous snake.

“Let’s go!” He took the opportunity to spit a mouthful of blood into the lightning seal in front of him. The lightning seal instantly shone brightly.

However, Xu Tui’s attack had already arrived. The ice seals erupted one after another. It directly froze a Six Satellites and a Five Satellites. This was especially so for the lightning-type supernatural being with the strength of Five Satellites. He was frozen into an ice lump.

Although the Six Satellites lightning-type supernatural being was frozen, he was constantly struggling to break free.

Ullr attracted a bolt of lightning to save them. It instantly broke through the ice of the Six Satellites lightning-type supernatural being.

However, just as the Six Satellites lightning-type supernatural being rose into the air, the long-range attacks of Bao Zhang, Yang MO, Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Ran, Belas, and Lally landed on him.

In an instant, this person was blasted into ashes on the spot.

A Six Satellites lightning-type supernatural being had died. This was a capable subordinate of Ullr. When the time came in the future, he would also be a lightning-type supernatural being with the strength of Seven Satellites.

The heartache of Ullr could be imagined. However, before he could feel his heart ache, an indescribable force suddenly made him feel as if he had fallen into a swamp, causing their ascent speed to suddenly become extremely slow.

In the Blizzard Domain, Xu Tui saw that the ice seal could not let anyone stay, so he simply projected the starlight of the various satellites onto the main mind power planet.

In an instant, the star halo of the main planet of mind power increased again, reaching the mid-stage of the seventh star halo. The moment the force field of Xu Tui’s mind power main planet spread out, it instantly locked onto Ullr and the others.

The main planet force field of mind power became realistic.

Ullr and the other three felt extremely terrified at that moment. It was as if countless pairs of small hands that could not be seen or touched suddenly fell on them from all directions, stopping their soaring momentum. It prevented them from escaping quickly. The concentrated fire of Bao Zhang, Kitawan, and the others was bombarding them.

Ullr was really anxious now. If he did not risk his life, he would probably not be able to leave this place today. He did not expect the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to display its might.

Almost at the same time, a dark purple lightning hammer suddenly appeared in his hand. With a gentle wave, more than ten dark purple lightning bolts strangely swayed in all directions. The color of the lightning hammer suddenly turned the faintest gray.

The lightning accumulated inside was instantly exhausted.

This was the life-saving method of Ullr.

The lightning halo spread out, and Xu Tui’s main planet force field was shaken. Ullr and the others instantly broke free from the restraints of Xu Tui’s main planet force field and soared into the sky again.

Xu Tui was also instantly shaken to the edge of shattering because of the realistic main planet force field. It was not just the main planet. His entire main planet force field was also trembling because of this.

He could only divert his attention to suppress them with all his might and did not have the time to chase after the Lord of Myths and the others. However, the reality of Xu Tui’s main planet force field was not fake.

Even if this lightning-type supernatural being was very strong, the combined attacks of Kitawan, Bao Zhang, and the others were not to be underestimated.

Kitawan, Bao Zhang, and the others were four deputy generals, one colonel, and two immortals. Their combat strength was equivalent to seven mid to late-stage Six Satellites. Their attacks surrounded a Seven Satellites and it had all hit.

What was the outcome of this Seven Satellites then? He fell with serious injuries on the spot.

Seeing that one of his capable Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural beings had fallen with serious injuries, Ullr became anxious. He had to take him away. It was not just personal strength. More importantly, one of the things on this subordinate was extremely important.

But Ullr did not dare to return and take him away. If he dared, he would have to risk his life. If anything went wrong, he would not be able to leave.

At the critical moment that Ullr rushed out of the Shenxiao Prefecture’s restriction with the remaining two subordinates of the Seven Satellites, a bolt of lightning shot out of the lightning seal. It seemed to be guiding the severely injured lightning-type supernatural being away.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui, who had suffered a backlash from the vibration of the main planet, had slightly recovered. He did not have the time to wipe the blood off the corner of his mouth. He let out a cold grunt and pulled out his Mental Vibrating Whip, dissipating the lightning.

The ice seal appeared again. It froze the lightning-type supernatural being who was struggling to fly back into the air into ice. However, he revealed his head.

Kitawan and the others, who had cooperated countless times, attacked again at lightning speed. This time, their long-range attack accurately hit the head of the lightning-type supernatural being. His head was blasted into nothingness.

Another lightning-type supernatural being had died!

Ullr, who had just escaped from the gap in the Shenxiao Prefecture’s restrictions, wanted to vomit blood when he saw this scene.

It was also at this moment that a small seal suddenly fell out of the head of the lightning-type supernatural being who had just been killed. The seal that was slightly smaller than the Mount Heng Divine Seal that Xu Tui had obtained previously fell out.

The moment it fell out, the seal suddenly trembled. It searched for a direction, wanting to escape and return to its office.

Seeing this small seal, the gaze of Ullr tightened.

This small seal was the Star Official’s seal. Currently, he has found a total of three. He could at most let three lightning-type supernatural beings become Seven Satellites through the conferment.

This was very important.

As long as he brought back this small seal and returned with it, he would be able to choose a suitable candidate. It would not be long before he could obtain another subordinate of a lightning-type supernatural being with Seven Satellites.

However, if this small seal was lost, it would be a real loss. Unless he took back the small seal, he would not be able to create a lightning-type supernatural being of the Seven Satellites through the title.

That loss would be too tragic.

Seeing that the small seal had appeared and was actively searching for the way back, Ullr, who had just escaped, quickly activated the divine might of the lightning seal, intending to guide the small seal.

However, Xu Tui already understood what was going on when he saw the small seal fall out of the body of the lightning-type supernatural being. It must be the Star Official Seal that was conferred to this person.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui would be letting down today’s tough battle if he allowed the Star Official’s seal to escape, especially since this was Shenxiao

Prefecture.

It could be considered his territory.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s mind power was instantly injected into the

Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole, which had returned to normal.

The divine light of the Longevity Emperor’s seal instantly turned into a huge hand that set off above the Star Official’s seal and grabbed it. This was

Shenxiao Prefecture, the territory of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. The gap in the restriction above Shenxiao Prefecture also completely recovered.

Seeing this scene, the expression of the Lord of Myths instantly darkened!

“Ullr, this is Shenxiao Prefecture!” Xu Tui’s voice sounded..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1