Chapter 1503 - 1503: The True Use Of The God Slaying Sword

Chapter 1503: The True Use of the God Slaying Sword

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment the Mountain Seal landed, Xu Tui used teleportation again and disappeared. More accurately, he had already activated teleportation the moment the Mountain Seal landed.

Xu Tui was already very familiar with the shameless kite-flying tactic of teleportation. He was not in a hurry to see the results. The moment he disappeared, two extremely violent bolts of lightning passed through his afterimage.

The other two lightning-type, Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses reacted extremely quickly. The two of them thought that they had hit it at first, but there was no energy reaction. Only then did they realize that they had only hit an afterimage.

The Mountain Seal dissipated. The heart that had just turned into lightning suddenly shrank.

The seal just now had enveloped a total of three Six Satellites and seven Five Satellites. Logically speaking, as long as they worked together, they could completely withstand such a wave of power.

But everyone wanted to dodge in the chaos. They were all minding their own business, causing heavy casualties.

Among these people, two Six Satellites and one Five Satellites escaped the range of the Mountain Seal at the last moment because of their location.

Among the other Six Satellites and six Five Satellites, four of them were blasted into meat paste on the spot. Their souls were destroyed.

One of the Six Satellites and two of the Five Satellites were seriously injured, but they had basically lost their combat strength. They could not participate in the battle in a short period of time.

The anger in Ullr was indescribable.

There were so many of them chasing after Xu Tui. First, they ambushed him, then they chased after him. Yet Xu Tui managed to kill four of them. If news of this got out, they would be embarrassed.

Of course, the Lord of Myths also knew the reason. Half of the reason was that Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal was extremely sharp. Its power was close to the attack of an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. The other reason was because of him.

He was also afraid when the Mountain Seal approached. Or perhaps it was his habitual combat style, but he could avoid many fatal attacks with the speed of lightning.

Therefore, his first reaction was to dodge. Then, his subordinates’ first reaction was to dodge. If he did not dodge and instead led a group of subordinates to forcefully attack the mountain seal, the most likely outcome would be that the mountain seal would be directly blasted away. He and his subordinates would be unscathed.

This was a tactical error!

“Don’t panic. The enemy is nearby and waiting for an opportunity to move.

Everyone, be on full alert and listen to my command.” He quickly reflected. While Ullr was adjusting his train of thought, another 21 Planetary realm powerhouses with the strength of Five Satellites or Six Satellites surged out of the Ziwei Palace.

They were all the heads or immortals of the various palaces of the Heavenly

Court.

A lightning seal instantly hung high in the air. Lightning sizzled and shot out in all directions. The light shone on the body of Ullr making him look like a god.

Six bolts of lightning shot out from the lightning seal and entered the bodies of the six lightning-type planetary powerhouses present, including the two lightning-type supernatural beings with the strength of Seven Satellites.

In an instant, the auras of the six lightning-types increased to varying degrees.

Lightning flickered in their eyes as they searched their surroundings.

In the distance, Xu Tui, who was watching this scene through an Origin Crystal powder, was dumbfounded. He did not see the Spiritual Race. They were all people of the Lord of The Myths, Ullr. However, the people under Ullr were even stronger than when they ambushed him previously.

Xu Tui immediately ordered Bao Zhang and Yang MO to retreat further.

He sneered again when he saw Ullr.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, had probably never experienced his wretchedness, right? Or rather, it was tactically shameless!

For the first time, the Mountain Seal condensed by the seven star halos turned into a flying sword that emitted a powerful aura under the compression of his mind power.

At the same time, Xu Tui also added a few of the sword lights of the Small God Slaying Sword to the flying sword. It could be considered an improved version of the Multi-Dimensional Sword.

However, Xu Tui was not in a hurry to attack. Instead, he waited. He was waiting for the enemy’s location to change in front of the Ziwei Palace. He was waiting for an opportunity to kill him in one strike.

Xu Tui’s Heart Sword Heart Eye carefully jumped around the mental magnetic pillar that he had left behind. Ten seconds later, a Six Satellites lightning-type supernatural being entered the optimal attack range of the mental magnetic pillar that Xu Tui had set up in advance.

Xu Tui instantly activated his mind power.

The flying sword instantly accelerated.

Energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state.

The Mountain Flying Sword instantly disappeared.

In front of Ziwei Palace, a flying sword suddenly appeared with an ear-piercing whistle. At an extremely close distance, it pierced through the back of the Six Satellites lightning-type supernatural being’s head.

It was too fast.

It was so fast that the lightning-type supernatural being could not react.

However, the attention of the others, including Ullr, was instantly attracted.

Seeing that the Six Satellites lightning-type supernatural being’s head had been pierced through by the sword, Ullr was so angry that his eyes almost popped out. These lightning-type supernatural beings were his true direct descendants. He had spent a huge amount of effort and price to create them through means such as conferring titles. Now, one of them had been killed so easily.

How could he not be angry?

Instinctively, the lightning seal hanging above the head Ullr was activated by him and blasted towards the flying sword. Ullr knew very well that this was the signature flying sword ability of the Genetic Miracle that Xu Tui was in. It could kill people from thousands of miles away.

He had to deal with this flying sword. Otherwise, who knew how many more people would die on his side? As long as he dealt the flying sword, he could severely injure Xu Tui to a certain extent.

Shang Long gave Ullr extreme pressure. Ullr had put in a lot of effort to study the past battle results of the Genetic Miracle. As a result, he could not find Xu Tui in all directions. But Ullr understood what was going on after he saw the flying sword kill someone.

The other lightning-type supernatural beings followed suit.

The lightning was extremely fast. Xu Tui’s flying sword could not escape at all.

In an instant, more than a dozen streams of light, including the lightning of Ullr hit the flying sword.

The mind power Ullr also explored along the lightning. He wanted to track Xu Tui’s location. It was also at this moment that Xu Tui suddenly laughed. He had been waiting for this moment!

Almost at the same time that more than a dozen streams of light were about to hit Xu Tui’s flying sword, Xu Tui retracted his Heart Sword and instantly jumped to the Spiritual Magnetic Marker on the Origin Crystal Powder closest to Ullr.

A small dark-colored sword had already materialized above Xu Tui’s head.

It instantly disappeared!

God Slaying Sword!

Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword was shattered in front of the Ziwei Palace. The mind power of Ullr keenly captured a wisp of Xu Tui’s aura. Before he could be overjoyed, he suddenly felt a sense of danger.

The moment Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword was shattered, his mental body trembled violently. Blood appeared at the corner of his mouth.

Almost at the same time, Ullr saw a dark-colored sword light appear above his head and explode into his head. The lightning seal was still far away. Without the lightning seal protecting his body, he could not block this sword light at all.

God Slaying Sword!

The moment the God Slaying Sword slashed into his body, the expression of the Lord of Myths became extremely terrified.

In the next moment, another very small seal suddenly rushed out from above the head of Ullr and met the God Slaying Sword. The God Slaying Sword slashed down. The small seal instantly dissipated into divine light and turned into an ordinary object that fell to the ground.

However, more than half of the sword light of the God Slaying Sword was consumed.

The remaining sword light of the God Slaying Sword slashed into the mental body of Ullr. Ullr’s body trembled, and his eyes widened. In the next moment, Ullr pointed in a certain direction and roared with fear and anger, “In that direction, kill!”

Nearly 40 Elites above the Five Satellites charged in the direction where Xu Tui was hiding.

Xu Tui sighed inwardly. He had suffered another loss! It was not easy to make Ullr activate his lightning seal and leave him alone. Xu Tui wanted to take the opportunity to use the God Slaying Sword to kill the Lord of The Myth with one strike.

As long as Ullr was killed, the other Planetary realms of The Myth were nothing to be afraid of.

As for the Seven Satellites, Six Satellites, and the Five Satellites Planetary realm of the Heavenly Court, most of them would disperse after the Lord of The Myth was killed and return to their respective palaces.

However, Xu Tui did not expect that Ullr had completely refined more than one seal.

Of course, this was not rare.

Xu Tui just had too little time. If he had more time, he would have no problems completely refining four to five clergy seals. In the end, he failed on the verge of success. However, this sword also made Xu Tui understand the true power of the God Slaying Sword.

God Slayer!

The sword that had just slashed down with all its might actually cut down a clergy seal that Ullr had already refined.

If this was not God Slayer, what was?

It had to be said that Ullr was also very powerful. He had locked onto Xu Tui’s current location through the remnant aura of the sword. Instantly, a large number of elites above the Five Satellites pounced toward Xu Tui.

At this moment, Xu Tui did not dare to be stubborn. There were at least three Seven Satellites and six Six Satellites. The rest were all Five Satellites. There were as many experts as there were clouds.

With so many people surrounding him, Xu Tui did not dare to block them alone even if he was given three minutes to spend money on the Blizzard Domain.

Putting everything else aside, Xu Tui would be finished if these people attacked him from afar.

Xu Tui turned around and fled without hesitation. He teleported and disappeared on the spot.

Ullr, who was already extremely afraid of Xu Tui and furious, refused to let go. He directly activated the lightning seal and brought the other five lightning-type supernatural beings along. They turned into lightning and chased after them. The main group was behind.

That speed was not much slower than Xu Tui’s teleportation.

For a moment, he refused to let go of Xu Tui.

That was because at that moment, Ullr suddenly understood why Xu Tui’s sword light was called the God Slaying Sword.

This was because it was a true God Slaying!

He was chasing after Xu Tui not only because Mana Aoyama was in Xu Tui’s hands, but also because Xu Tui could really kill gods..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1