Chapter 1508 - 1508: The Final Struggle

Chapter 1508 - 1508: The Final Struggle

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ceres Star.

Almost at the same time that the vortex tunnel of the small universe of the Heavenly Court began to slowly disappear, four streams of light soared into the sky from below. One of the sword lights was extremely fast.

The fastest was naturally Shang Long. However, Gu Ji and Shui Zhi were not slow either. They were only slightly slower than Shang Long. The slowest was Bishop Xiliude. His body emitted a dense holy light. Only under careful vigilance did Bishop Xiliude dare to step forward.

After all, in terms of true combat strength, he was the weakest.

“Why did the tunnel disappear? Under normal circumstances, this tunnel would not disappear as long as it was activated. How could this be?” The first to ask was the executive of the Great Xi Clan, Gu Ji.

In this aspect, the Great Xi Clan did not have much of an accumulation. Even an executive like Gu Ji did not know much.

Shang Long did not speak. He looked sharply at Xiliude and Shui Zhi. He did not know either.

Xiliude and Shui Zhi looked at each other. Their eyes were solemn and puzzled.

“Under normal circumstances, the Heavenly Gate Tunnel in the Heavenly Court will not close once it is activated. If it wants to close, it has to be done by the person in charge of the Heavenly Court! There are basically only two possibilities for this to happen.” Shui Zhi, who had some understanding of this, did not hesitate to say it.

“Which two possibilities?” Gu Ji quickly asked.

“Firstly, the person-in-charge of the ancient Heavenly Court revived and closed the Heavenly Court again. Secondly, someone in our four families obtained the seal of the ancient Heavenly Court and took the initiative to close the small universe of the Heavenly Court for some reason.”

After saying that, Shui Zhi looked at the Bishop of the Muyas, Xiliude. The meaning was clear as day. In Shui Zhi’s opinion, among the four factions, only

tne muyas ana tne spiritual Kace naa me possiD111ty or renmng ana seinng me Six Imperial Seal.

It was basically impossible for the Great Xi Clan. It was impossible for the Blue Star humans, either.

“It’s indeed possible. It’s just that I don’t understand. No matter which side it is, why did they close the small universe of the Heavenly Court?”

“I don’t understand either.” Shui Zhi shook his head. “But now, we can only wait! Once the small universe of the Heavenly Court closes, most people will be sent out. We’ll know the truth when someone comes out.” Hearing this, Gu Ji nodded. That was the only way. “I wonder how the various families have gained. My boys should have gained a lot, right?” At the side, Shang Long had a worried expression.

Xiliude and Shui Zhi looked at each other with an unspoken mutual understanding. In terms of gains, the two families would definitely have the most. It was hard to say who had more and who had less.

On the Sacred Spiritual Planet, the mother planet of the Spiritual Race in the Milky Way, Great Elder Xu Yi, who was meditating in the depths of the Sanctuary, suddenly received an urgent report.

“Great Elder, the entrance of the Eastern Heavenly Gate that we were monitoring has already taken shape. However, for some reason, it disappeared again in a short period of time.”

“What? The Spiritual Race’s Great Elder, Xu Yi, suddenly stood up and took the urgent report from his subordinate. He tapped his finger gently and saw another image.

The Eastern Heavenly Gate’s vortex that he could vaguely see suddenly disappeared. Under normal circumstances, this Eastern Heavenly Gate’s vortex would be activated in another half a year.

Once the Eastern Heavenly Gate was opened, their army would not have to spend as much effort to head to the solar system through various channels as before.

Instead, they could directly enter the Small Universe of the Heavenly Court through the Eastern Heavenly Gate. After conquering the Eastern Heavenly Gate, their army could cross the Small Universe of the Heavenly Court and kill their way from the Eastern Heavenly Gate to the Southern Heavenly Gate to the solar system.

The key to the Small Universe of the Heavenly Court was here.

The Small Universe of the Heavenly Court was connected to the four universes in the ancient times. It was like a hub of heaven and earth and was extremely important.

As Shui Zhi and the others rushed into the Small Universe of the Heavenly Court, the Eastern Heavenly Gate should gradually appear. But why did it suddenly disappear?

“Go, ask Shui Zhi what happened on his side.” The Great Elder, Xu Yi, had a gloomy expression.

The holy land of the Muyas, the Planet Atlan of the Great Xi Clan, the Pope of the Muyas, Qiao An, and the chief executive of the Great Xi Clan, Lucci, all received similar urgent reports.

However, they were focused on the Northern and Western Heavenly Gates respectively.

These two Heavenly Gates had also revealed themselves previously and were guarded by the heavy forces of the two families. The forces of the two families also began to gradually move towards the vicinity of these two Heavenly Gates.

Once the time was up, the main force would immediately attack the two Heavenly Gates. After capturing the Heavenly Gates, their main force would be able to continuously enter the Small Universe of the Heavenly Court. After crossing the Heavenly Court, they would be able to enter the solar system through the Southern Heavenly Gate.

This was the plan of each family. It was also the fastest and most convenient plan to enter the solar system.

However, no one expected the Heavenly Gate that was about to appear to suddenly disappear. For a moment, it triggered countless guesses and actions.

Xu Tui did not know about this.

He did not know that his unintentional action of closing the small universe of the Heavenly Court had bought extremely precious time for the Blue Star humans, or rather, for the solar system.

Originally, in a few months or half a year, the other Heavenly Gates would appear one after another. The four Heavenly Gates of the Heavenly Court would welcome a true enemy. Now, they had all been sealed off again because of Xu Tui’s unintentional actions.

If he wanted to appear again, he would have to wait until the next time he was unsealed. It had unintentionally pushed the calamity of the Blue Star humans back by a large margin.

This change was of utmost importance.

After not receiving any concrete information from the people at the frontline, be it Xu Yi, Qiao An, or Lu Qi, they all reported this matter to the gods behind them, the Holy Ancestor, and the Father.

However, the answers given by the three top-notch existences were surprisingly the same.

“This is the last struggle of the luck of the Blue Star humans. Prepare for battle!”

That’s right. He did not expect such an outcome from Xu Tui’s unintentional actions. To a certain extent, this matter could be understood as the great luck of the Blue Star humans.

Was it really the last struggle of the luck of the Blue Star? No one knew this answer yet. Time was probably the only thing that knew this answer.

In the Shenxiao Prefecture, Xu Tui was a little stunned when he saw the scene in front of him.

The sealing order of the Heavenly Court was completed. At this moment, everyone below Cai Shaochu, including Ruan Tianzuo, An Xiaoxue, and the others, were lying on the ground.

They were unconscious!

Xu Tui, as the executor of the Heavenly Court’s seal just now, understood the reason for their coma. They overused their mind power.

When he sealed the small universe of the Heavenly Court just now, the amount of Origin Energy he used could be said to be a terrifying number. Even with the enhancement of the Longevity Emperor Seal, the consumption was still extremely great.

According to the principle of going from the bottom to the top, the Longevity Emperor Seal first consumed the energy in the seals of others before it consumed its own, or rather, Xu Tui’s energy.

In the end, Xu Tui did not consume much of his mind power. However, the 17 people below Cai Shaochu all fainted because their mind power had been sucked dry. They were all unconscious.

Xu Tui felt immense pressure. The elites of the Blue Star’s Huaxia Race were all here. The price the Blue Star Huaxia Race had to pay to seal the small universe of the Heavenly Court was huge.

An indescribable pressure suddenly spread towards Shenxiao Prefecture from the outside.

Xu Tui instantly understood. This was because after the Heavenly Court was sealed, the power of rules in the Heavenly Court would send all the power that did not belong to the Heavenly Court out.

What was a power that did not belong to the Heavenly Court? It was a power that was not a clergy.

Xu Tui was also being sent out because he had not completely refined a clergy seal. Suddenly, Xu Tui looked at Bao Zhang and Yang Mo. “Can the two of you leave the Heavenly Court?” “Sir, we can leave if we have an order.”

“What if you don’t have an order?”

“We would be punished for leaving the Heavenly Court without permission! Moreover, we can’t leave the Heavenly Court under the seal of the Heavenly Court!” Bao Zhang said.

“Alright, then the two of you will guard here and wait for me to return,” Xu Tui said.

“As you command, Sir.”

Xu Tui thought about it and did not take out Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the others. He did not know if they could leave the Heavenly Court, but he had to give it a try. In theory, he should be able to bring it out of the Heavenly Court in the quantum dimensional chain.

Just as Xu Tui was deep in thought, the pressure of the rules had already surged into the Shenxiao Prefecture.

Xu Tui felt that he would be sent out of Shenxiao Prefecture by the power of law at any time. Almost at the same time, he was suddenly shocked. He realized an extremely terrifying problem.

Where would they be teleported to if they were teleported out by the power of law? It would be fine if they were teleported back to Ceres Star, but if they were teleported to another place?

Xu Tui instantly broke out in a cold sweat when he thought of this. No, he had to think of a way!

Xu Tui did not dare to take such a risk.

Almost at the same time, in the Ziwei Palace, Ullr also cursed!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1