Chapter 1504 - 1504: Luring Him Into The Shenxiao Prefecture

Chapter 1504 - 1504: Luring Him into the Shenxiao Prefecture

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Under the enhancement of the power of the lightning seal of Ullr, a total of six lightning-type supernatural beings, including him, could barely catch up to Xu Tui, who was constantly teleporting.

This shocked Xu Tui.

Up until now, he still did not know which clergy Ullr’s lightning seal belonged to. However, its level was definitely not low. It might only be one or two levels lower than the Six Imperial Seals. Otherwise, it would not have such a strong enhancement speed.

Of course, the reason why they could catch up to Xu Tui, who was constantly teleporting and escaping, was that Xu Tui had other thoughts and did not use his full strength to teleport.

If he used teleportation with all his might, he could teleport thousands of miles at a time. Although the consumption would be higher, he would definitely be able to escape from the pursuers of Ullr.

Xu Tui actually wanted to try and see if he had a chance to kill Ullr.

Unfortunately, he did not find an opportunity after chasing for a minute,

Now, there were three Seven Satellites, two Six Satellites, and one Five Satellites. They were all lightning-type supernatural beings.

These six people were actually very powerful under the enhancement of the Lightning Seal of Ullr. The two Six Satellites were estimated to have the combat strength of the Seven Satellites, and the Five Satellites were estimated to have the combat strength of the Six Satellites.

If Xu Tui took the opportunity, he would be able to kill one or two of them with the full enhancement of his strength.

However, he was outnumbered. If he killed one, he would definitely be surrounded by the other five. At that time, Xu Tui would probably not be able to escape successfully even if he had the Time Deceleration Circle.

Moreover, there were more than 30 elites above the Five Satellites chasing after them. Once he appeared, he would be surrounded if he could not end the battle quickly.

Xu Tui had the intention to throw out Kitawan and the others for a battle. However, he gave up in the end. Now was not the time to fight the Lord of Myths.

Xu Tui still needed time to grow. A third of the reason why the six lightning-type supernatural beings were so powerful was because of the lightning seal.

Xu Tui had several such seals in his hands. As long as he was given some time, he would be able to completely refine one or two of them. For example, the power of the Mount Heng Divine Seal could enhance the Mountain Seal.

There was another key point.

If Xu Tui could completely refine a certain divine seal and search for the Star Official’s seal that should be a subordinate of the clergy, he would be able to directly appoint a Star Official.

For example, Star Lord Ji Shui had three Star Officials under him.

As long as Xu Tui gave him the title, Bao Zhang would be able to advance to the Seven Satellites Planetary Realm in an extremely short period of time.

This should be how the three Seven Satellites under Ullr came about.

Xu Tui made a decision when he thought of this. In an instant, his teleportation distance immediately enlarged and he quickly left. However, in this minute of pursuit, because everyone was extremely fast, they were actually about to approach Shenxiao Prefecture.

Fifteen seconds later, Xu Tui retreated into the Shenxiao Prefecture.

The moment he retreated into the Shenxiao Prefecture, Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He immediately switched to the Blizzard Domain and scattered more than 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals. He began to spend money on the Blizzard

Domain again.

However, he only spent money for a second before he teleported away.

The moment he appeared in front of the Lord of Myths and the others, Xu Tui flashed into the Shenxiao Prefecture again and activated the Blizzard Domain again. Then, he teleported to a distance that was about enough for Ullr to catch up.

Xu Tui still did not give up on the idea of killing Ullr. Two seconds was the limit of time he could fight for. He had an idea. If someone could help him strengthen the Blizzard Domain in advance, this battle would be relatively easier.

But now, he could only give it his all.

In the next moment, Xu Tui escaped to the entrance of Shenxiao Prefecture under the pursuit of Ullr and the others.

Ullr was also anxious. There was basically no hope for them if Xu Tui escaped into the Shenxiao Prefecture. “Chase closely. We can’t let him escape!” Ullr roared.

However, whether he could escape or not did not depend on Ullr’s will. The moment Xu Tui got close, a large seal flew out and swayed. The door of Shenxiao Prefecture opened.

Of course, this process was also for Ullr to see. Otherwise, with Xu Tui’s 20% refinement of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole, it would only take an instant for him to open and close the residence door.

Seeing that Xu Tui was about to escape into the Shenxiao Prefecture, Ullr was very conflicted. He was very conflicted. He understood that as long as Xu Tui escaped into the Shenxiao Prefecture and did not come out, he would no longer have a chance to kill him.

At this moment, he still had a chance to chase after him. However, it might be dangerous to chase after him. After thinking about it, Ullr felt that it should not be too dangerous.

Based on the current situation, Xu Tui had at most refined two to three percent of the Longevity Emperor’s Seal. At most, he could enter and leave Shenxiao Prefecture freely. He did not have any other abilities.

As for the God Slaying Sword, it was Xu Tui’s fortuitous encounter a long time ago. It should not be dangerous to chase after him. Even if there were a small number of ambushes, they would be able to deal with them.

His seal was not for show.

Almost instantly, Ullr made a decision. He’ll chase after him! After all, an opportunity to kill Xu Tui was too rare. Ullr had a feeling that the future Xu Tui would become more and more difficult to deal with and kill. Today was his best chance.

“Charge!” Without hesitation, Ullr led his men and charged towards the door of Shenxiao Prefecture that had not been closed. At the same time, the divine might of the lightning that was being cast on the six of them became even stronger.

Bao Zhang, Yang MO, and the five guards of the Heavenly Court suddenly appeared inside the door of the Shenxiao Prefecture.

Seeing this, Ullr had the urge to laugh.

Was this Xu Tui’s ambush? If this was Xu Tui’s methods, he would definitely kill Xu Tui today. The deputy general was indeed strong. However, he was a toy in front of the lightning-type supernatural being who was good at speed.

The lightning poured out and brought Ullr and the others into the Shenxiao Prefecture. It also blasted towards Bao Zhang, Yang MO, and the others on both sides of the door.

In an instant, the seven figures shattered at the same time. The expression of Ullr who had just rushed into the Shenxiao Prefecture changed.

Fake? The ambush just now was an illusion!

Almost at the same time, an oppressive cold aura surged towards them.

Blizzard Domain!

The door of Shenxiao Prefecture also closed at this moment.

In an instant, it was eight against six!

Xu Tui was at his home ground. He smiled and threw out another 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals. He continuously stacked the Blizzard Domain. Bao Zhang, Kitawan, and the other three had already set up a long-range attack position behind him. It only attacked from afar and did not get close.

If Ullr and the others wanted to attack, they had to charge into the core of the Blizzard Domain.

As for their lightning attacks, they would be weakened to a certain extent after they blasted into the Blizzard Domain. The ice mountains that Xu Tui had raised could quickly block their lightning.

In just a few seconds, the situation had changed.

Ullr and the other three, who had been locked up in the Shenxiao Prefecture, only dared to stay at the edge of the Blizzard Domain and bombard the blurry figures inside. They did not dare to rush into the Blizzard Domain.

Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain had completely wiped out the Muyas back then.

Ullr had witnessed this scene. Although Ullr and the others were stronger than the Muyas, the problem was that Xu Tui was a quasi-planetary at that time, and he was now at the Three Satellites Planetary Realm.

Also, this was Shenxiao Prefecture.

Due to the distance, in the Blizzard Domain, the powerful attacks of Bao Zhang and the other three were constantly bombarding Ullr.

Ullr and the others could dodge with their speed. However, what was worse was that as time passed, the range of Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain continued to expand as it approached Ullr and the others.

Ullr also saw the problem in this aspect. They would be in deep trouble when Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain enveloped them. He really did not have any confidence in rushing into the Blizzard Domain.

He had been careless!

Ullr admitted that he had been a little careless. He did not understand when Xu Tui had set up the Blizzard Domain. Under normal circumstances, it should not have been so fast. However, there was no time to consider this now.

The range of Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain was like a tidal wave that quickly approached them.

Xu Tui was also holding back his ultimate move in the Blizzard Domain. His figure had already turned into the Earth Body. He would think of a way to kill Ullr and the others the moment the Blizzard Domain enveloped them.

Other than being anxious, Ullr also had an additional sense of calm. Seeing that the blizzard domain had already spread to his feet, he did not panic much.

Xu Tui was surprised, but he could not be anxious.

Thirty seconds.

He still needed more than 30 seconds. If he wanted to kill such extremely fast lightning-type supernatural beings, he had to restrict them before he could kill them. Otherwise, no matter how strong an attack was, it would not land on them.

It was also at this moment that the interior and exterior of Shenxiao Prefecture suddenly shook violently.

Even the main hall of the Shenxiao Prefecture suddenly shone brightly with an inexplicable vibration. The boundless white clouds that enveloped the outside of the Shenxiao Prefecture instantly dissipated, revealing the true appearance of the Shenxiao Prefecture.

In the Shenxiao Prefecture, more than 30 elites above the Five Satellites were controlling more than 50 clergy seals. They gathered the light of the clergy seals and blasted towards the Shenxiao Prefecture.

Therefore, both inside and outside Shenxiao Prefecture were trembling.

The moment the Shenxiao Prefecture shook, the lightning seal of Ullr suddenly restrained its light and gathered the six of them together.

The lightning of Ullr and the other three merged into the lightning seal. The lightning that was as thick as a bucket soared into the sky. Coupled with the impact of the 50-odd clergy seals outside, a gap was created in the restriction above the Shenxiao Prefecture by the lightning seal.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1