Chapter 1519 - 1519: Return To Planet Peach (2)

Chapter 1519: Return to Planet Peach (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, the others, be it Qu Qingshan, Cai Shaochu, Yan Xuejin, or Wen Shao, did not increase Xu Tui’s main planet force field of mind power after they were absorbed.

There was only one reason for Xu Tui’s judgment—trust.

Absolute trust!

It was the kind that opened his mental body to Xu Tui. It looked like they were facing each other naked.

Actually, this was a little difficult. Could Xu Tui say that Cai Shaochu did not trust him? Could Xu Tui say that Yan Xuejin and Qu Qingshan did not trust him? They all trusted him. However, trust was also layered. They just did not reach the level of absolute trust that An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, and Little Six had.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not reveal this discovery on the spot. It would not be good if everyone felt uncomfortable hearing this and caused a rift. However, An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, and Little Six’s mind power could increase the characteristics of his mind power’s main planet force field. He had to study it carefully in the future.

It mignt be anotner Killing move!

Although this interlude was small, it was actually an extremely important discovery. In the future, it would have a major impact on the battle of the entire solar system.

This was something that Xu Tui had not expected.

“Mr. Shang, Principal, let’s deal with the seals of the Heavenly Court that were sealed in the 19 heads of the Spiritual Race first! I feel that someone’s mental body has already begun to collapse. The seal won’t last long,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu and Shang Long looked at each other when they heard that. They looked at Xu Tui at the same time. “Xu Tui, according to your and Shaochu’s previous predictions, the Spiritual Race might have obtained about 15 seals of the Heavenly Court.

“Then what do you plan to do with these seals?”

“Of course, I’ll refine it if I can! If I can completely refine this Heavenly Court’s Divine Duty Seal, it will greatly increase my strength. The Lord of Myths, Ullr, had extraordinary strength because he had completely refined a high-grade lightning seal. My preliminary estimate is that his strength will increase by at least one level under the enhancement of the seal,” Xu Tui said.

“Then does he have the strength of a Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural being ?” Cai Shaochu’s expression was solemn. Seven Satellites supernatural beings were not terrifying. Seven Satellites supernatural beings of the lightning-type were more terrifying.

Back then, Lei Tian from the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was such an existence. He had killed his way into Mars and other battlefields many times as if there was no one around.

In the end, the Blue Star charged into Planet Kono and trapped him in the forward operating base. They took advantage of the special terrain and his worry to kill him. If he was determined to escape, they might not be able to stop him.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, was such an existence. Cai Shaochu had to take him seriously. However, this question was not something to consider now. Shang Long looked at Xu Tui. “Then who do you plan to distribute so many clergy seals to?”

That was the point.

Who should he distribute it to?

Xu Tui did not think too much about this question. ‘Mr. Shang, Principal, the seal of the Heavenly Court will be more useful if it is compatible with your attributes. My idea is to choose a portion of suitable candidates and see who can refine them. I’ll let them refine them to maximize our combat strength.” In the end, Xu Tui added, “Of course, all the members of the pioneer raiders have to participate. ”

After all, Xu Tui had risked his life to get this.

“That’s a good idea, but it’s not too realistic.” Shang Long shook his head. “At your current position, you have to pay attention to the clear reward and punishment! You risked your life to obtain this thing. Of course, Shaochu, Tiefeng, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others also contributed. How about this? The members of the pioneer raiders you chose will be the main candidates.

“On Huaxia’s side, we would choose a few more people who had made contributions previously to follow you and see if they had such an opportunity. Give Ruan Tianzuo a spot.”

Xu Tui looked at Cai Shaochu when he heard that. He had different thoughts about Ruan Tianzuo. Previously, Xu Tui really wanted to kill Ruan Tianzuo. It was best to kill such a fence sitter.

“Let’s give him another chance. His performance on this trip to the Heavenly Court was not bad. He did not cause any trouble. Well, the key is that Mr. Shang has returned. As soon as Mr. Shang returned, he put away all his thoughts.

Let’s keep him for now. After all, he would be able to break through to the Six Satellites soon. Besides, he’s just returned from making a contribution. It’s not right to deal with him!” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui roughly understood what Cai Shaochu meant. Even if he wanted to deal with Ruan Tianzuo, he had to convince everyone. After all, Ruan Tianzuo was a member of Huaxia.

“Mr. Shang, Principal, hurry up and send the candidates over in the shortest time possible. We’ll start in half an hour. How about that?”

Xu Tui was a little anxious. It was mainly because he felt that their mental bodies were beginning to dissipate. The seal inside was no longer obedient. “Here?” Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui. “This place is not suitable, right?” “Hmm?” Xu Tui looked at Cai Shaochu in confusion. He met Cai Shaochu’s gaze and immediately understood what he meant.

This was the Wood Origin Palace.

In the past, the Wood Origin Palace was monopolized by the Huaxia Sector. The Africa Sector and the Russian Federation were stationed together. The Huaxia Sector had a lot of say. But now, other than The Myth who had left, everyone in the Blue Star’s seven sectors was in the Wood Origin Palace..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1