Chapter 1514 - 1514: None Returned?

Chapter 1514 - 1514: None Returned?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

When Lang Han’s head was sent flying, Xu Tui did not take another step forward and pierce through his brain to completely kill Lang Han. Instead, he moved his mind power slightly and sealed it with ice.

Just like the Planetary realm cultivator of the Spiritual Race that he had killed previously, he sealed Lang Han’s head with ice.

There were 19 Planetary realm heads of the Spiritual Race, including the two Five Satellites Planetary realms that Xu Tui had killed at the beginning, as well as the two people, Chi Cheng and Shui Dong, who had split their forces and wanted to kill the Huaxia elites. Cai Shaochu had also intentionally left their heads behind because of Xu Tui’s words. Then, Xu Tui sealed them with ice.

The 19 heads that had been sealed by the ice were spread out one by one. Cai Shaochu was a little puzzled. However, he understood that Xu Tui must have a reason for doing this. He was not in a hurry to ask.

Xu Tui looked helplessly at the vortex exit of the Heavenly Court’s small universe. The 14 quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race had already stepped into the vortex exit in panic and fled.

In the end, Xu Tui did not kill all of the Spiritual Race. After all, Xu Tui had a

very limited number of people. It was already his limit to keep all the Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race.

As for Cai Shaochu, who had just woken up, he was actually a little weak. He could not recover 5% of his mind power. It was a little like a decoration.

Chi Cheng and Shui Dong were purely frightened by Cai Shaochu’s ferocity and aura. If they had gathered their courage to attack Cai Shaochu, they would have realized that Cai Shaochu was a paper tiger.

Previously, Cai Shaochu’s mind power had been completely exhausted. Xu Tui had used the pills and the Silver Box of Spirit to wake Cai Shaochu up quickly. In reality, Cai Shaochu had not recovered much of his mind power.

Of course, he had the strength to fight to the death.

Cai Shaochu stood up and released his aura. It only bought Xu Tui some time.

“Aren’t you going to kill all of these people?” Cai Shaochu finally asked the question in his heart when he saw that Xu Tui was free.

“Principal, I don’t know how many divine seals the Spiritual Race obtained from this trip to the small universe of the Heavenly Court. I think there must be a lot of them. However, if they obtained the seals of the Heavenly Court, they would definitely have already refined it and kept it in their bodies.

Basically, those who were qualified to refine it were in the Planetary realm.

“Principal, you already know how precious the seal of the Heavenly Court is. If I were to completely kill them at this moment and destroy their mental bodies, these clergy seals would have nothing to rely on. I’m afraid they would immediately return to the Heavenly Court,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu immediately came to a realization when he heard that. It turned out that Xu Tui was trying to obtain the seal of the Heavenly Court that had been refined by the Spiritual Race. He already knew the benefits of the seal.

He had also refined two before, but the level of refinement was not high. He felt that if he completely refined them, his cultivation might be able to advance another step.

“You mean to use the ice seal to seal their heads and seal the seal of the Heavenly Court’s clergy that they refined?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“I personally think so. As long as their mental bodies don’t dissipate, these seals will be there. Under normal circumstances, we did not have the high-level clergy seals to command these seals. Therefore, once these clergy seals were free from the restraints of these mental bodies, they might instantly return to their respective government offices.

“My idea was that the small universe of the Heavenly Court was about to be sealed. If I brought these heads out of the small universe of the Heavenly Court and waited for the passageway of the small universe to be completely closed, would these seals be homeless for the time being?

“Can we try to refine these seals then?” Xu Tui voiced his thoughts.

Cai Shaochu pondered for a moment and nodded. “This idea is feasible. But the problem would be with the Spiritual Race.”

Cai Shaochu was worried that the Spiritual Race would fly into a rage.

“With Mr. Shang guarding it, we could withstand the Spiritual Race. I’m just afraid that the three races will attack together. However, Principal, we can actually play a round first and split them up.” Xu Tui rolled his eyes and suddenly had an idea.

“How? Do you mean?” Cai Shaochu also thought of something.

“This time, the Muyas and the Spiritual Race were almost completely wiped out. Only half of the Great Xi Clan left alive. Why don’t you thank the Great Xi Clan after you go out?” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Hahahaha!” Cai Shaochu laughed out loud. “Yes, we should thank the Great Xi Clan.”

In the distance, the small universe of the Heavenly Court was constantly shrinking. When the vortex tunnel completely disappeared, the tunnel would close. However, Xu Tui was still waiting.

“When are you leaving?” Cai Shaochu asked. If the vortex tunnel was completely closed, it would be hard to say if they could survive being trapped here.

“Let’s wait a little longer. I still have to wait for another person. Let’s be prepared to leave first.”

While he was talking, Xu Tui had already frozen the heads of the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race into a large ice lump. With the enhancement of Cai Shaochu’s Illusion Formula, the aura of these heads became negligible. He could not sense them unless he got close.

As for the corpses of the Spiritual Race, especially the corpses of these Planetary realm experts, they were also precious resources. After returning, he could refine a large number of blood crystals and soul crystals. They were also an excellent cultivation resource.

Xu Tui did not feel any psychological burden when he refined the corpse of the Spiritual Race. He threw all the headless corpses of the Spiritual Race into his quantum dimensional chain.

Cai Shaochu threw his own people’s corpses into his quantum dimensional chain.

Other than Cai Shaochu, the other 16 people were still unconscious. Xu Tui used his mind power to guide them close to the vortex tunnel. Then, he stared at the white clouds in the light screen.

Behind him, the vortex tunnel was slowly shrinking.

Suddenly, an army of Heavenly Court guards quickly patrolled over from the direction of the Southern Heavenly Gate. Xu Tui’s eyes suddenly lit up.

Little Six.

The Little Six he had been waiting for had arrived. The person he was waiting for was actually Little Six.

Xu Tui did not know how long the small universe of the Heavenly Court would be sealed this time. It might take half a year or a few years.

Little Six only had one request previously. If he succeeded in sealing the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Xu Tui would definitely bring him away. He was already afraid of being locked up.

However, as the commander of the Southern Heavenly Gate, Little Six could not leave just because he wanted to. It had to be a military order.

Coincidentally, Ullr, Lang Han, and the others had attacked the border restriction light screen of the Heavenly Court. Little Six used this opportunity to leave the Southern Heavenly Gate and patrol here.

The moment he saw Xu Tui, Little Six, who was afraid that he would be locked up again, rushed toward the restriction light screen. On the restriction light screen, a clear light suddenly rose and blocked Little Six inside.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Little Six’s expression instantly became one of despair. This restriction light screen was not only external, but also internal. It was simply too much!

“Xu Tui, think of a way. I want to leave. I don’t want to be locked up. Save me!” Little Six suddenly became agitated. He was as agitated as a child.

Xu Tui could understand. No one would want to be locked up again after being locked up for 3,000 years.

“Don’t be anxious.” Xu Tui thought for a moment and used his mind power to activate the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole. He slowly crashed into the restriction light screen.

As he had expected, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was a transcendent existence in the small universe of the Heavenly Court. To a

certain extent, it could ignore many restrictions and rules.

The Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal flashed with five-colored light and enveloped Commander Little Six.

“All of you, go back to the lockdown. I’ll go after the enemy. I’ll be back soon.” Little Six hurriedly gave a military order to his subordinates. Then, he was slowly brought through the restriction light screen by the light of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

“That’s great. I’m finally out! I’m finally out!” The moment he passed through the restriction light screen, Little Six’s excited voice had an inexplicable sobbing tone. He was really afraid after being locked up for 3,000 years.

Suddenly, Little Six’s performance reminded Xu Tui of Bao Zhang, Yang MO, and the others. They had also been locked up for 3,000 years. Did they also yearn for freedom like Little Six? To be safe, Xu Tui put Little Six into the quantum dimensional chain. Then, he activated his mind power and said, “Principal, go out first and receive them. I’ll be the last to leave.”

“Alright.” Cai Shaochu didn’t waste any time. He instantly stepped into the vortex tunnel and disappeared. Then, Xu Tui’s mind power began to quickly send the unconscious Huaxia elites out of the tunnel.

One or two experts from the Africa Sector and the Russian Federation would go out in the middle. Thirty seconds later, after everyone was sent out, only Xu Tui, Derry, and Gabe were left.

“Sir, where are the two of us going?” At this moment, Derry and Gabe were extremely uneasy. If they returned to the Muyas, they could imagine what kind of treatment they would suffer when they returned.

It was very likely that they would be tortured, their souls might be searched.

Neff, who had many life-saving methods and could even unleash the combat power of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, was already dead. Then why could the two Planetary realms of the Two Satellites come back alive?

Luck? Who would believe that? It would be strange if they were not interrogated.

“Disguise yourself like this for now. Follow me back to the Wood Origin Palace for a while before we make a decision.” Xu Tui made a safe decision. It was the safest to kill and enslave these two people with their mental bodies. However, Xu Tui temporarily thought that it might be useful to keep the two of them.

Traitors were much more useful than a dead enemy.

“Let’s go!”

In the next moment, Xu Tui brought the two of them through the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Court’s small universe. Only one person could pass through the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Court’s small universe. It was about to be completely closed.

The moment Xu Tui and the others set off above Ceres Star, the last trace of light in the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Court’s small universe above Ceres Star completely disappeared. The passageway to the small universe of the Heavenly Court was completely closed.

This made the expressions of Xiliude from the Muya Clan and Gu Ji from the Great Xi Clan change.

The Great Xi Clan’s Gu Ji was a little better. At least Jin Tai had brought back half of the manpower. Bishop Xiliude was dumbfounded. None of them had returned?

The expression of the Spiritual Race’s elder, Shui Zhi, had already turned ashen. He already knew what was going on from the dozen or so quasi-planetary experts who had just escaped. At the last moment of their return, the elites of the Spiritual Race were destroyed by the Huaxia Race.

The kind that could wipe out a team!

Ullr’s expression changed when he saw Xu Tui appear..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1