Chapter 1511 - 1511: No One Left

Chapter 1511: No One Left

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lang Han was actually very tactical.

Before being brought to the solar system by Shui Zhi, Lang Han had participated in many frontline battles with the Great Xi Clan and had been the commander of many small-scale elite battles.

This kind of small-scale elite battle within the Spiritual Race was also deliberately nurturing the commander of a small-scale battle formed by elites within a thousand people.

This kind of small-scale war formed by elite teams of less than a thousand people was actually the mainstream of war in the universe. In the war in the universe, me scale or war tnat easily Involvea tens or tnousanas or even millions of troops was rare now.

Due to their individual strength, an army of tens of thousands of ordinary Genetic Evolution Realm experts might not be able to withstand the massacre of a few Planetary realm experts with reasonable supernatural abilities.

That was the truth.

On the other hand, such a small-scale battle formed by elite teams was often the key to determining the outcome. In the previous battle experience that the Sanctuary had deliberately arranged, Lang Han participated in 17 battles, winning 12 times and losing 5 times.

In the 12 victories, he had won three times and lost once. That defeat was a huge loss of two-thirds of his elites.

However, there was no such thing as a victorious general in this world. Only by losing could one win. From the previous battle results, Lang Han, this commander, was extremely outstanding, be it in terms of individual strength, command ability, or experience.

This was also the reason why Shui Zhi, who was an elder of the Sanctuary, had brought Lang Han over and asked him to be the commander of this exploration mission. Being his nephew was one of the reasons. However, the main reason was Lang Han’s strength and battle results.

There was no fool in the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary who could become the main elder. It was also because of this that Lang Han wanted to make a great contribution and kill the unconscious elites of Huaxia when he realized that they were unconscious.

Although it was a spur-of-the-moment idea, Lang Han’s tactic was not rushed at all. Including him, there were a total of 19 Planetary realms and 67 quasi-planetary realms under him. He had lost a portion of his men in the previous exploration, but it was still worth it.

After estimating the combat strength of the Blue Star humans, he wanted to obtain this great contribution unscathed. Of course, taking a step back, even if he could not be unscathed, he wanted to reduce his losses as much as possible.

Especially those quasi-planets.

These 67 quasi-planets had experienced the exploration and many battles of the Heavenly Court. There was also a period of high concentration of energy. After they returned, most of them would break through to the Planetary realm in a long or short period of time.

These were all his future supporters. Therefore, he cherished it.

On Xu Tui’s side, there were only six Planetary realms and 11 quasi-planetary realms. The strongest was only the Four Satellites Planetary Realm.

His tactic was to use the 19 Planetary realm experts under him to charge forward. The 67 quasi-planetary experts would attack and defend from afar and try their best to take down the Blue Star humans without any damage.

Before Lang Han set up his tactics, he tried his best to widen the enemy’s range and increase the average strength of the existing enemies to a level. He could still take them down without any damage. Therefore, the moment the battle started, Lang Han brought 19 Planetary realm experts and firmly implemented his battle strategy.

However, the moment he pounced forward, Lang Han suddenly shivered. Then, he screamed in fear.

Three kilometers behind him, a mountain that was glowing with milky white light suddenly appeared above the heads of the 67 quasi-planetary experts who had set up a long-range attack position under his command.

It was really a mountain. A mountain that was 20 meters long and wide almost covered most of the long-range attack position he had set up.

What shocked him the most was that this mountain exuded the power of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. The attack of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse blasted 50 to 60 quasi-planetary experts.

It would have been fine if this group of quasi-planets had been prepared and taken precautions in advance. There was strength in numbers.

Even he, the commander, had sensed a terrifying aura appear behind him. Only then did he discover the small mountain that had suddenly appeared.

Mountain Formula!

Energy teleportation!

This was Xu Tui’s combination skill. As a result, they did not notice the Mountain Seal that Xu Tui had used many enhancement methods to create appear above their heads.

It was too sudden.

The moment they felt the abnormality above their heads, the shadow of the mountain covered them at lightning speed. An ear-piercing explosion overlapped with the roar of the mountain. When they saw the zero blind spots on the ground of the Heavenly Court, more than half of the 67 quasi-planets disappeared.

Needless to say, most of the quasi-planets that had disappeared must have been turned into meat paste and died in battle.

When Lang Han saw this scene, he felt a sharp pain in his heart. His vision turned black, and his heart almost ached so much that he died on the spot. After these consecutive battles, these quasi-planets were about to become his direct descendants.

War was the best way to subdue subordinates.

But now, more than half of them have been destroyed by Xu Tui.

Lang Han was in pain and anger. However, he was more shocked. Under normal circumstances, it was impossible.

It was impossible for a Four Satellites to destroy nearly 50 quasi-planetary experts in one strike. Even if he used various methods to barely increase the strength to Seven Satellites, it was not enough.

A large-scale attack from an early-stage Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse would not be able to destroy nearly 50 quasi-planetary experts in one go.

Yet, Xu Tui’s attack was infinitely close to the attack strength of Eight Satellites. It might even be as strong as Eight Satellites’ attack.

Under the multiple enhancements of the main planet force field in his body, the star halo of the Mountain Nova was already at the late-stage of the six halos.

The Earth Body almost multiplied the power of the Mountain Formula. This Mountain Seal did not have the attack power of the late-stage of the Seven Satellites, but it had the power of the mid -stage of the Seven Satellites.

What about the enhancement of the holy power of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token? He definitely had the attack power of a late-stage Seven Satellites after that. It was also possible for it to be at the peak of the Seven Satellites.

Coupled with the sudden attack caused by the energy teleportation, it was completely normal for the Mountain Seal to destroy five or ten quasi-planets.

However, Xu Tui completely ignored the results of the battle.

The reason why he first destroyed the long-range attack position set up by Lang Han was mainly because of this long-range attack position. More than 20 long-range attacks from quasi-planetary experts could instantly kill all the Planetary realm experts below him in his current team.

Therefore, the first attack had to be given to the long-range attack position set up by Lang Han.

However, the 19 Planetary realm experts under the Spiritual Race’s Lang Han were not idle. For example, Gabe, Derry, and the other five Planetary realm experts had each received the care of two Planetary realm experts from the Spiritual Race.

rlhvvo against one. This was an advantage that they would definitely win.

There were also five other Planetary realm experts from the Spiritual Race who charged toward the quasi-planetary experts in Xu Tui’s team. The target of the four strongest Planetary realm experts led by Lang Han were all Xu Tui.

If Cai Shaochu were to face the enemy here, he would probably not be able to take it. He could only rely on the Evasion Formula to temporarily avoid the attack.

However, Xu Tui did not use it.

After using the Mountain Seal, the main planet force field instantly focused the enhancement on the new star of the mental hammer. The star halo of the mental hammer instantly increased to six and a half levels.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer suddenly blasted out through energy teleportation and hit the head of a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the Spiritual Race. The attacks of Lang Han and the other two Five Satellites Planetary realm experts had already landed on Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not care. He allowed the attacks to land on him. Of course, it was not as if he did not care. The seven layers of Vajra Barrier had long been raised. Not only did he raise the barriers up, but his seven-layered Vajra Barrier was also covered in a layer of holy power. This was the holy power of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. Xu Tui directly augmented his defense.

Xu Tui no longer cared about his identity. If he was exposed, so be it. This undercover identity had benefited him greatly. He could abandon it at any time.

The attacks of Lang Han and the other two Five Satellites Planetary realm experts landed on Xu Tui continuously. Lang Han’s attacks were rather strong. They directly blasted away Xu Tui’s holy power and the three layers of Vajra Barrier. The attacks of the other two Five Satellites Planetary realm experts only blasted away Xu Tui’s one level of Vajra Barrier each.

To put it more arrogantly, with Xu Tui’s current strength, even if he stood still, they would not be able to kill him.

However, Xu Tui’s attack could instantly kill them. The mental hammer smashed down. The Five Satellites’ mental body shook. His strength immediately dissipated, and his defense was open. Without any warning, several earth spikes appeared around his body and blasted into his vital points. It pierced through his crotch, waist, and ribs.

In an instant, a terrifying scream rang out.

Xu Tui activated his mind power and began to activate his energy field to replenish his defense. However, Lang Han and his two subordinates of the Five Satellites had already rushed into Xu Tui’s blizzard domain.

They were not Ullr. Before this, they had never seen the terror of the Blizzard

Domain that Xu Tui had spent money on. He added two more layers ofVajra Barrier. The moment he used it to block Lang Han’s attacks, the Ice Seal was instantly activated.

Without any suspense, he sealed these two Five Satellites Planetary realm of the Spiritual Race in the ice seal. They became two ice lumps.

At this point, Lang Han’s third wave of attacks blasted toward Xu Tui. The Mountain Seal appeared. Xu Tui immediately used offense as defense and received Lang Han’s third wave of attacks.

Lang Han suddenly felt that something was wrong. Why was there no one beside him? The moment he turned around, Lang Han could not help but shiver!

He was really left alone…

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1