Chapter 1510 - 1510: What A Pity

Chapter 1510: What a Pity

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Oh, f*ck!” Xu Tui cursed when he saw the three bolts of lightning attacking him.

Ullr was too vicious and evil. The three bolts of lightning were extremely shocking. Two were blasted over by the Seven Satellites, and one was blasted over by Ullr, a Six Satellites.

However, the key was that Xu Tui was using the illusory illusions that he had set up to hide the unconscious Cai Shaochu and the others. Three bolts of lightning attacked at lightning speed. He did not have much time to react.

Fortunately, the three bolts of lightning were aimed at the illusion that Xu Tui had set up. One shot toward Xu Tui, while the other two shot toward the two quasi-planets of the Huaxia Sector.

The attacks of the Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural beings would definitely kill a quasi-planetary expert. The only fortunate thing was that what Ullr and the others blasted was actually an illusion.

In other words, the target was not accurate. One of the lightning bolts missed. That was because the illusion that Xu Tui had set up was real.

The elites of the Huaxia Sector were all lying unconscious on the ground. However, the other one would hit the quasi-planetary of the Huaxia Sector on the ground because of the angle of the attack.

Whoever was hit by this attack would die.

Almost at the same time, the vortex in Xu Tui’s left eye flashed slightly and instantly disappeared.

Teleportation.

Xu Tui appeared in front of another lightning bolt that could hit a quasi-planet. Time was tight, so he blocked the lightning bolt with the six layers of Vajra Barrier.

The lightning and Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier were rapidly melting at the same time. The moment the four layers of Vajra Barrier shattered, Xu Tui added another layer of Vajra Barrier. In the end, the lightning dissipated. Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier was also shattered.

He was not injured at all.

Xu Tui had used the power of his Five Satellites Planetary realm to take the attack of a Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural being head-on. This scene stunned the Lord of Myths, who had already stepped into the vortex tunnel. Xu Tui’s strength was stronger than he had imagined.

However, in the next moment, the eyes of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, shone brightly. This was because another bolt of lightning had blasted into the crowd, but the crowd collapsed on the spot.

It was an illusion!

This crowd was just an illusion set up by Xu Tui. The true appearance of the illusion after it shattered stunned Ullr! There was a group of people lying flat! The group of elites from the Huaxia Sector were all lying there like corpses. This scene stunned Ullr. He did not expect this at all. No wonder Cai Shaochu had been standing in the queue just now. Not only did he not say a word, but he did not even look at him. He did not have any reaction.

So it was an illusion. The real Cai Shaochu had already fainted!

Ullr had roughly guessed the reason for his coma. It was very likely related to Xu Tui flipping the table. However, he did not want to delve into the details. What he was thinking about now was what would happen after the news that all the elites of the Huaxia Sector were unconscious was exposed.

However, he had already stepped into the exit tunnel. Otherwise, he could have participated in the commotion.

From the current situation, it did not matter if he participated or not.

This was because he had already seen Lang Han of the Spiritual Race. His eyes had suddenly widened because of this sudden scene. He stared intently at Xu Tui and the unconscious people from the Huaxia Sector.

“Hahahaha…!” As he laughed out loud, Ullr stared meaningfully at Lang Han. His figure turned into the tunnel and disappeared.

“Bastard! How dare you trick me at a time like this? Just you wait. One day, I’ll definitely kill you myself!” Xu Tui gritted his teeth as he watched Ullr leave with a loud laugh. If this fellow had not done this, everyone would have left quietly.

However, at this moment, the eyes of Lang Han and the elites of the Spiritual Race were filled with excitement.

Battle merits! These were battle merits that had come knocking on his door!

Every time an elite of the Huaxia Sector was killed, they would obtain a large number of battle merits and rewards. Lang Han’s gaze was even hotter.

Cai Shaochu!

It was the unconscious Cai Shaochu. Cai Shaochu had a name within the Spiritual Race. As long as he killed him, he would receive first-grade battle merits.

First-grade battle merits were usually very difficult to obtain within the Spiritual Race.

Those who obtained first-grade battle merits and had a cultivation level below the Nine Satellites would be given cultivation resources that would increase their cultivation level by one level or their military positions would be promoted to the next level.

It was rare in every aspect.

This was especially so for cultivation resources. The number of cultivation resources that allowed a Six Satellites like him to advance to the Seven

Satellites was huge. If he were to slowly accumulate it, decades would be little.

At this moment, how could he not be tempted?

Moreover, it was not just such battle merits. He was leading a team into the small universe of the Heavenly Court to explore. If he killed a large number of elites of the Huaxia Race and returned, it would be another battle merits.

At that time, be it his position or cultivation, he would be able to obtain a double increase. It would also make his uncle, Shui Zhi, proud.

He had gained a lot.

In just an instant, Lang Han’s eyes turned green. It was so green that it shone! He was slowly approaching the Huaxia Sector with his subordinates with an excited expression.

Xu Tui sighed to himself. The move of Ullr was really awesome. He just did not know if he was tricking Xu Tui or the Spiritual Race. To be honest, Xu Tui would not have been afraid of Lang Han’s group of 19 Planetary realm elites if they were not unconscious. He could teleport and fly a flying sword to kill them.

But now, the 17 elites of the Huaxia Sector and the other two sectors were unconscious here. Xu Tui had to protect them where they were.

He did not dare to fly a kite at will.

Xu Tui threw out 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals without hesitation when he saw Lang Han and the others approaching. He spent money. At this moment, he had to spend money. As long as the Blizzard Domain spread out, they would be able to protect the unconscious people very well.

This was the first factor!

As he activated the Blizzard Domain, Xu Tui shouted at Lang Han, “Brother Lang, it was not easy for everyone to return safely from this exploration. Let’s not go all out now, so all of us can go home safely.”

“Go home safely?” Lang Han sneered when he heard that. “That’s your home, not ours! If we want to go home, we can only make a contribution! You guys are our battle merits!”

As he spoke, the Blizzard Domain had already quickly spread out. Xu Tui was half relieved as long as the Blizzard Domain spread out. No matter what happened, he could activate the power of the Blizzard Domain to protect the unconscious people.

Lang Han also commanded his Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm subordinates to prepare to attack. After all, Xu Tui was not alone. Tactics were also very important.

However, Xu Tui had already moved the moment he made his tactical deployment. In an instant, Xu Tui instantly turned into a 30-foot-tall giant. At the same time, the main and secondary force fields all enhanced the Mountain Nova.

Xu Tui also detonated the two Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens at the same time.

Xu Tui’s sigh of pity also sounded.. “That’s a pity…”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1