Chapter 1513 - 1513: The True Meaning Of Idiot (2)

Chapter 1513 - 1513: The True Meaning of Idiot (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The remaining nine Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race, including Lang Han, retreated at lightning speed.

The remaining 18 quasi-planets that escaped from Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal also began to retreat toward the exit.

Xu Tui’s previous seal had killed 49 of their comrades in one go. It had caused them to break down. They did not dare to participate in the battle anymore. So as soon as they received the order, they retreated.

However, Xu Tui was unwilling to let them off. His combat radius was as far as five kilometers. To a Planetary realm powerhouse, this distance required one to three seconds.

How many attacks could Xu Tui launch in one to three seconds?

Lang Han saw it for himself. In just two seconds, three more Planetary realm experts were instantly killed by Xu Tui.

Xu Tui instantly teleported and disappeared after he killed the last Planetary realm expert within his combat range. When he appeared again, he appeared at the exit of the Heavenly Court. The moment Xu Tui appeared, the quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race who had just fled nearby broke down. One or two of them were scared silly.

They did not have any will to fight.

Xu Tui sighed when he saw this. Their battle will had collapsed.

Actually, if the 18 quasi-planets had a strong will, if they did not fear death, their defense or attack would cause Xu Tui a lot of trouble. The collective strength was still very powerful. But now, they had been scared out of their wits by Xu Tui’s previous actions. They would be defeated without a fight.

Xu Tui immediately started the massacre. As he activated his mind power, earth spikes flashed.

With Xu Tui’s current strength at the Five Satellites Planetary realm, his main planet force field, which was as high as the seven star halos, and the fact that these quasi-planetary experts were extremely flustered, the earth spikes were accurate. Two to three of them could be skewered in an instant.

A massacre!

This was a true massacre!

Seeing that Xu Tui had blocked the exit and was killing, the remaining nine Planetary realm experts who were escaping towards the exit hesitated.

Were they going to be slaughtered by Xu Tui if they escaped? However, as expected of a commander who had been through hundreds of battles, Lang Han immediately had a way to deal with it.

They surrounded Wei to save Zhao, they attacked Xu Tui to save their comrades.

“Chi Cheng, Shui Dong, the two of you, return and kill the enemy. Kill the unconscious people of the Huaxia Race!” Lang Han roared and gave the order.

Those unconscious Huaxia Elites were definitely Xu Tui’s weakness.

Chi Cheng and Shui Dong were Four Satellites and Three Satellites respectively. There was no need to rush in. As long as they used the move of mutual destruction with the enemy, they could kill a large number of unconscious elites of the Huaxia Race.

Then Xu Tui would definitely return to save them. Then, they would have an escape route.

Chi Cheng and Shui Dong, who had been called out, also let out despairing roars in fear.

“Sir, please take care of my family!” Chi Cheng roared and turned around to charge towards the unconscious Huaxia elites.

It was the same for Shui Dong. They knew very well that they would not be able to survive if they charged forward. They were warriors who covered the retreat.

“Don’t worry, your children will definitely reach the Planetary realm in the future. I swear on my bloodline!” Lang Han roared!

At this moment, this situation was extremely touching. However, a cold voice suddenly sounded in front of Lang Han. “Is it useful?”

Amidst the ear-piercing screech, Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword arrived. Lang Han revealed a terrified expression and fought with all his might. He threw out the life-saving treasures given by his uncle, Shui Zhi, one after another.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, leisurely chased after Lang Han with the Mountain

Flying Sword. While he maintained a distance of more than 1,500 meters from Lang Han, he kept using his mental hammer to hammer Lang Han’s other six Planetary realm subordinates.

One hammer after another.

Derry, who had already rushed over, was specially there to add insult to injury.

“You… don’t you care about their lives?” Lang Han pointed at the unconscious Huaxia elites.

A smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face. He pouted toward the back. At the position where the Huaxia Sector’s elites were unconscious, Cai Shaochu had already stood up again. His eyes were filled with coldness.

Xu Tui first gave Cai Shaochu the Spiritual Race’s Sixth Revolution Soul Stabilization Pill and a Silver Spirit Box. His early awakening was completely within Xu Tui’s expectations.

The people who rushed over were stunned. Six Satellites!

There was a powerful Six Satellites in front of them. However, Lanz Han took

this opportunity to instantly close the distance between Xu Tui and him by a thousand meters. In an instant, Lang Han tore apart a jade talisman.

This was the only attack-type jade talisman among the many life-saving cards that his uncle, Shui Zhi, had given him. The explosive attack power was equivalent to the full-powered attack of an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

There was a limit to the distance of his attacks, though.

Lang Han finally took the opportunity to attack Xu Tui.

It was a water dragon that looked more real than a true dragon. The moment it appeared, it blasted toward Xu Tui from all directions. Under the roar of the water dragon, the water-type energy that was everywhere in the world turned into countless water dragons. Or rather, it became a part of the water dragon and blasted toward Xu Tui from all directions.

Lang Han smiled when he saw this.

Xu Tui would definitely die once the jade talisman was used.

His uncle, Shui Zhi, was the main elder of the Spiritual Race. His strength had once surpassed the Nine Satellites. The attack jade talisman that he had personally made was extremely powerful. Ordinary Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts would be injured if they took it head-on.

At this moment, his target was only Xu Tui. Although it was a little like an anti-aircraft cannon hitting a mosquito, it was enough as long as Xu Tui was dead.

Xu Tui looked at the smiling Lang Han and said in disdain, “Idiot!”

In the next moment, Xu Tui disappeared. He instantly disappeared!

If the real Nine Satellites Planetary realm had used this attack and locked onto Xu Tui with his aura, Xu Tui would not have been able to dodge it. But too bad, it was just an ability sealing jade talisman. Lang Han’s mind power was weaker than Xu Tui’s. He could not lock onto Xu Tui’s aura at all.

Five seconds later, after the terrifying water dragon that had wreaked havoc in the world for five seconds disappeared, the tens of thousands of small water dragons in all directions roared and disappeared, slowly turning into the purest Origin Energy in the world.

Lang Han was stunned! He had a look of disbelief.

How was that possible! That was definitely impossible!

Yet, such an absolutely impossible thing had happened in front of Lang Han.

In the next moment, Xu Tui suddenly appeared 1,000 meters behind Lang Han. The Earth Puppet Giant, the mental hammer, and the Mountain Flying Sword attacked at the same time. The water dragon just now was still very terrifying. Xu Tui teleported tens of thousands of meters away in an extremely short period of time before he managed to dodge its aura lock.

It was because it was activated by Lang Han. If it was activated by Shui Zhi, Xu Tui would definitely not be able to escape.

As Xu Tui attacked with all his might, Lang Han’s life-saving treasures were quickly consumed. Thirty seconds later, Lang Han was beheaded by Xu Tui.

Lang Han finally understood why Xu Tui had called him an idiot. He thought that Ullr was tricking Huaxia and Xu Tui. In reality, he, an idiot, had been tricked to death by Ullr!

Of course, all of this was something that Ullr had not expected..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1