Chapter 1518 - 1518: Returning To Planet Peach (1)

Chapter 1518: Returning to Planet Peach (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Whether it was Cai Shaochu or Shang Long, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue from the Genetic Miracle, they were all research-type talents.

They discovered this characteristic of Xu Tui’s mind power main planet. They immediately conducted a little in-depth research on the spot. The main planet of mind power was a research direction that humans on the Blue Star had not dabbled in before.

It was not that no one had tried it, but the consequence of trying it was that a person’s cultivation future was completely destroyed. There were basically no useful discoveries.

This time, however, the discovery of the characteristics of Xu Tui’s mind power’s main planet force field attracted the attention of Shang Long and Cai Shaochu. Putting everything else aside, just the characteristic of quickly recovering mind power was very awesome.

It could even be said to be extremely important. It was a strategic ability!

A Planetary realm powerhouse of the Supernatural Branch mainly relied on two powers to fight. One was mind power, and the other was the supernatural power in his body.

Supernatural power, such as the fire-type supernatural power in the bodies of fire-type Planetary realm powerhouses. Supernatural powers were relatively easier to recover. For example, Origin Crystals and Blood Crystals could do it. However, mind power was slower to recover.

Soul Crystals were relatively small, and there were even fewer Origin Crystals that could recover mind power. Under most circumstances, mind power could only be recovered through rest, which was sleep.

Many Planetary realms used the Origin Crystals in their hands that could recover their mind power as life-saving treasures.

It was mainly because the recovery of mind power was relatively slow. Moreover, if a supernatural being at the Planetary realm exhausted their mind power, the recovery time would usually be two days and two nights.

It was just like the coma from before. In the past two days and two nights, these unconscious supernatural beings at the Planetary realm were like children. Anyone could kill them.

However, the characteristics of Xu Tui’s main planet force field of mind power could actually speed up the recovery of mind power. It also has a range.

This was definitely a strategic and awesome skill during wartime.

Shang Long and Cai Shaochu placed great importance on this. With the cooperation of Xu Tui and many Planetary realm powerhouses, the research progress was extremely fast.

In less than two hours, it had gone to a certain extent.

The main planet force field of mind power could indeed speed up the recovery speed of everyone’s mind power within the range of the force field, but there were also requirements.

First of all, Xu Tui, the owner of the force field, had to take the initiative to activate it and allow the force field to enter a state of restoration frequency. For example, Xu Tui’s restoration of mind power was in such a state.

Secondly, in a force field, the restoration effect of unconsciousness was the fastest. Its recovery speed could increase by 200%, which was double. His mind power, which could only be recovered after being unconscious for three days, could be recovered in a day.

On the other hand, everyone’s restoration effect was different when they were awake.

For example, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and Yan Lie, who completely trusted Xu Tui, had been absorbed by Xu Tui’s mind power force field when they were awake. The effect of the accelerated restoration of mind power was similar to the recovery speed when they were unconscious.

The other members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders recovered a little slower than An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and Yan Lie under the cover of the Restoration Force Field of the main planet.

For example, Yan Xuejin and Wen Shao.

However, their recovery speed was still far faster than the others.

For example, Pei Tiefeng and Cai Shaochu’s recovery speed was even slower than Wen Shao and Yan Xuejin’s when they were enveloped by the Restoration Force Field of the main planet of mind power.

If An Xiaoxue’s recovery enhancement was 200%. then Wen Shao and Yan

Xuejin’s recovery enhancement would be about 150%, 1.5 times. On the other hand, the recovery effect of Pei Tiefeng and Cai Shaochu would be about 100%.

When he was awake, Ruan Tianzuo and a small number of other candidates who were not familiar with Xu Tui would have the slowest restoration effect.

The restoration effect was about 50% to 60%.

Shang Long and Cai Shaochu had also found the reason. It should be related to the absolute trust that the individuals had in Xu Tui. The more Xu Tui released his mental body, the better the restoration effect would be.

This was the best reason for the restoration effect when he was unconscious.

“Shaochu, choose some seeded candidates and let them major in the main planet of mind power. This is a new path that Xu Tui has paved. I can say very clearly that not only is the path of mind power cultivation not weak, but its future value also far exceeds that of other supernatural beings.” Shang Long gave Cai Shaochu an order.

“Don’t worry, Commander. I’ll arrange for it to be implemented as soon as possible. This is very important.”

Shang Long was one of the previous regiment commanders of the Pangu Special Force. Although the Pangu Special Force had been disbanded, Cai Shaochu and the others were still more willing to address Shang Long as regiment commander.

Xu Tui looked at Cai Shaochu and Shang Long, then at the members of the pioneer raiders. He made a discovery that he only had, but he did not say it on the spot. He would still have a suitable opportunity to communicate with Cai

Shaochu in private.

It was mainly because this discovery was a little hurtful.

During the test just now, Xu Tui realized that under the Restoration Force Field, some people’s mind power could actually enter his main planet force field of mind power and strengthen it.

The characteristics of these people were very obvious.

For example, An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, and Little Six.

When the mind power of the three of them entered his main planet resonance force field of mind power, Xu Tui could clearly sense that his main planet force field of mind power had been enhanced. It had been strengthened. The strengthening was obvious..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1