Chapter 1512 - 1512: The True Meaning Of Idiot (1)

Chapter 1512 - 1512: The True Meaning of Idiot (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

These were three Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. They were the main force of the main force no matter where they were. It had only been a few seconds, but it was gone. He was the only Six Satellites left.

Lang Han was on the verge of breaking down. He did broke down a little. He even had a trace of regret, but most of it was disbelief.

Xu Tui was a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Where did he get such ability? This does not make sense. However, there was no turning back.

Lang Han could only continue to attack Xu Tui fiercely. He wanted to try again. Perhaps he would be able to kill Xu Tui with his next attack.

After all, Xu Tui was only in the Four Satellites Planetary realm. He was a Six Satellites. He had also thought about turning around and retreating immediately. He could not and did not dare to do that. If he turned around and fled now, his other subordinates would be in trouble.

They were not far from being wiped out. But Lang Han did not realize that his team was actually almost completely wiped out. Out of the 67 quasi-planetary experts, 49 had disappeared. Although only three Planetary realm experts had died in battle, they were all Five Satellites.

The casualties were close to 70%.

On the real battlefield, if more than 50% of the people died, that would be considered to be completely wiped out. It was also Lang Han’s mistake that caused the entire army under him to be wiped out.

Xu Tui ignored Lang Han after he killed the three Five Satellites beside him.

Other than occasionally using the ice seal to interfere or using the Vajra Barrier to take Lang Han’s full-powered attack head-on, his attention was all focused on the other 15 Planetary realm powerhouses of the Spiritual Race.

These 15 Planetary realm powerhouses were a huge problem for Xu Tui.

There were a total of five Planetary realm experts on Xu Tui’s side, including Derry, Gabe, the Africa Sector, and the Russian Federation. In just ten seconds of the battle, their situation was already a little difficult.

Two against one!

Everyone was facing a two-on-one situation. Especially since Derry and Gabe had just advanced to the Two Satellites Planetary Realm. Derry was fine, as his combat strength was slightly stronger. But Gabe would have died if he did not have the high-level armor on him.

There were already casualties among the 11 quasi-planets that had been attacked by the other five Planetary realms. Two of the quasi-planets had been killed by them. They had already barged into Xu Tui’s blizzard domain, however.

Or rather, Xu Tui was constantly urging the Blizzard Domain to expand. The radius of the Blizzard Domain had already expanded to three kilometers. As the radius expanded, the enhancement of Xu Tui’s ice-type abilities, such as the ice seal, also greatly decreased.

But, did he still need to enhance the ice seal to deal with the remaining Planetary realm?

There was no need for that anymore! Therefore, Xu Tui acted as if he was playing. As he forcefully endured Lang Han’s attacks, he sealed the Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race one after another.

Most of the remaining Planetary realm experts in the Spiritual Race were below the Four Satellites.

The ice seals were accurate.

Those with low cultivation levels were directly frozen to death by the ice seal.

Of course, there were exceptions.

A small number of Planetary realm powerhouses were from the Water Division who had followed the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, over. They had relatively strong resistance to water and ice-type supernatural beings.

The ice seal did not do much damage to them. It was just like Lang Han. Xu Tui’s ice seal could only stop him for a moment. It could not seal him at all. The ice seal could not deal with them. But Xu Tui’s mental hammer, which could come and go without a trace with the help of energy teleportation, could knock them down with one hammer.

The current power of the mental hammer could knock down supernatural beings below the Four Satellites Planetary Realm. At the very least, it would make him bleed from all of his orifices and shake his mental body.

Xu Tui did not use the Small God Slaying Sword directly.

After the consecutive battles, his mind power was not at its peak even though he had continuously recovered his mind power. As for the consumption of the God Slaying Sword, he had not had the time to replenish it after he failed to kill Ullr.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would have used it to greet Lang Han. He was certain that Lang Han had some life-saving methods. This was also the reason why Xu Tui had put Lang Han on hold.

On the other hand, Lang Han became anxious. He was really anxious. He could not hurt Xu Tui, but Xu Tui killed the Planetary realm experts under him as if he was cutting vegetables. He killed three people in two seconds.

And that was under his interference.

In almost five to six seconds, as Xu Tui killed six Planetary realm experts in a row, the predicament of the Blue Star was resolved.

Lang Han was burning with anxiety! He knew that he was facing a difficult choice at this moment.

Should he continue fighting or retreat?

If he retreated, he would face an unprecedented defeat. All of his contribution points in the small universe of the Heavenly Court might be offset by this defeat.

Should he continue fighting? If he could kill all the unconscious elites in the Huaxia Sector, he would still be meaningful. He could still make a great contribution!

Based on the current situation, could he kill them, though? Was there a point? Was there a need to persevere?

As a commander who had experienced hundreds of battles, Lang Han immediately made an extremely difficult but wise decision.

“Retreat! All of you, retreat!” Lang Han had a sobbing tone when he shouted the order. Just as Lang Han shouted this order, another Planetary realm cultivator from the Spiritual Race was killed by Xu Tui..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1