Chapter 1515 - 1515: Scapegoat

Chapter 1515 - 1515: Scapegoat

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Actually, the moment Cai Shaochu suddenly returned, Ullr, who had just returned to the sky above Ceres Star, was a little shocked and surprised.

Why did Cai Shaochu wake up and return alive? Were the Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race that useless?

At that time, he still had a trace of hope. Was it possible that Xu Tui had sacrificed himself to protect Cai Shaochu and the others at the last moment and died in battle?

That was possible. It would be great if such an outcome happened. Ullr was looking forward to it. However, less than ten seconds later, Xu Tui’s appearance not only disappointed Ullr, but he also had a layer of uneasiness and shadow in his heart.

This was especially so for Shang Long, who was standing with his hands behind his back in the sky. It gave him immense pressure. To be honest, the forces under him were extremely powerful now.

This was especially so for him, a lightning-type supernatural being of the Six Satellites. No one could kill him. However, if Shang Long really had this strength, it would be impossible to guard against him.

In an instant, the mind of Ullr raced. The crisis in his heart intensified.

But both Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu had just returned from the small universe of the Heavenly Court, especially since they had brought along 16 unconscious elites. It also involved the big picture, so they could not pay attention to Ullr immediately.

The moment Xu Tui appeared and the vortex tunnel of the small universe of the Heavenly Court completely disappeared, a bell-like voice suddenly sounded after Cai Shaochu’s mind power vibrated.

“Mr. Gu Ji, our cooperation is very pleasant. It also makes the alliance between our two families more and more stable. I look forward to our next cooperation.” Cai Shaochu immediately thanked the anxious Gu Ji of the Great Xi Clan.

Gu Ji was dumbfounded when he heard the thanks.

There was no cooperation. This time, according to the planned plan of the Great Xi Clan, they would not cooperate with the Blue Star humans at all. The betrayal of the Southern Heavenly Gate had actually been planned long ago.

Gu Ji understood very well when he should cooperate with the Blue Star humans and when he should ruthlessly kill them.

However, Gu Ji did not know much about the internal affairs of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Gu Teng, who he had entrusted with an important mission, had not returned. Only Jin Tai had returned.

This made him involuntarily look at Jin Tai, wanting to ask for the details.

“Lord Executive, I really don’t know about this! Ever since the Southern Heavenly Gate, Lord Gu Teng and I have been acting separately. I have been searching for and refining the Heavenly Court’s seals. I really don’t know if Lord Gu Teng has cooperated with the Blue Star humans.” The fact that Gu Teng had not appeared made Jin Tai a little anxious.

After all, Gu Teng was a relative of Gu Ji. At this moment, Jin Tai was afraid that Gu Ji would take his anger out on him because of Gu Teng’s disappearance, so he quickly spoke up to remove himself.

After Cai Shaochu said that, Bishop Xiliude, who did not even have a single living person in his team, became anxious. He immediately made a connection.

Could it be that the Great Xi Clan and the Blue Star humans had teamed up to trick their team? Otherwise, with the strength of Neff and his subordinates, how could they have been completely wiped out? Impossible.

Just as he was feeling puzzled, a voice suddenly sounded in Xiliude’s mind. “Mr. Xiliude, don’t fall for it! All of the elites of the Muyas, including

Commander Neff, were wiped out by Xu Tui of the Blue Star Humans. I saw this scene with my own eyes! It was Xu Tui from the Blue Star Human Race who killed everyone you sent out.”

Xu Tui’s name was something that Xiliude, who had been researching information about the Blue Star humans, had heard of. He was just a quasi-planet.

How was that possible!

Bishop Xiliude instinctively did not believe this sudden mental voice transmission. “Do you think I’m a fool? How is it possible for a quasi-planet to wipe out all the elites under us?” Bishop Xiliude retorted.

“Under normal circumstances, that’s naturally impossible. However, there are two pieces of information about Xu Tui that you don’t know,” the mysterious voice said.

“What information?”

“Firstly, Xu Tui’s cultivation has quickly broken through to the Planetary realm in the Heavenly Court. He is at least a Three Satellites Planetary Realm powerhouse. However, the most important thing is his identity. His identity is very important since he was able to wipe out Neff and his elites,” the mysterious voice said.

“What is his identity?”

“There’s an officiant under you called Kaedo. He’s Xu Tui’s disguise.” The mysterious voice directly exposed Xu Tui’s identity.

Even though Bishop Xiliude had exceptional calmness, his face was filled with shock. “That’s impossible!”

Yes, Xiliude felt that it was impossible. Kaedo was someone that Lord Klens had valued and observed. How could he be a traitor from the Blue Star? He was also someone that he valued and examined many times.

“That’s all I have to say! Mr. Xiliude, think about it yourself. If there were no traitors, how could Mr. Neff and his subordinates have been completely wiped out by the Blue Star humans?”

With that, the mysterious voice disappeared.

Bishop Xiliude was stunned.

Traitor! Was Kaedo really a traitor? It was impossible for Bishop Xiliude to determine that Kaedo, who had once performed extremely well, was a traitor just because of a mysterious person’s casual words. However, the seed of suspicion had been planted.

Most importantly, the information about this mysterious person allowed Bishop Xiliude to confirm two things.

Firstly, there was really a traitor. Secondly, Neff and the elites under them had been wiped out by the Blue Star humans. In an instant, Bishop Xiliude was furious. “Cai, did you really wipe out all of our elites?” Bishop Xiliude questioned angrily.

Cai Shaochu frowned slightly. He did not expect the Muyas to question him first. However, Cai Shaochu was extremely good at dealing with these matters. He chuckled when he heard that and agreed to this matter without hesitation.

“Of course! The humans of the Blue Star are irreconcilable with the Muyas! If we have the chance to wipe you out, we naturally have to. However, the Blue Star humans still have to thank Commander Gu Teng of the Great Xi Clan for annihilating you. If not for his cooperation, we would not have been able to wipe out the elites of the Muyas!” After saying that, Cai Shaochu once again greeted the executive of the Great Xi Clan from afar. “Mr. Gu Ji, hasn’t Commander Gu Teng come out yet? Then, I’ll personally send you the 50 hexagonal energy bodies that Mr. Gu Teng requested later.”

Gu Ji was really stunned. Both Gu Ji and Xiliude could already tell that Cai Shaochu’s words had some show to it.

However, who could tell if it was true or not? The Great Xi Clan was like mud falling into their pants. It was impossible to explain even if they didn’t shit. Even if Xiliude sensed that Cai Shaochu was deliberately sowing discords, would he dare to trust the Great Xi Clan under such circumstances?

He did not dare to trust them again!

This move played with the human heart. There was no solution!

Helpless, Gu Ji asked Cai Shaochu, ‘Mr. Cai, let me ask you. Since Gu Teng met you, where is Gu Teng? Why didn’t he come out? Did he get harmed by you

“How is that possible! Mr. Gu Teng is our closest ally!” Cai Shaochu looked stunned.

Suddenly, Cai Shaochu looked at the Spiritual Race. “By the way, Mr. Gu Ji, after Mr. Gu Teng cooperated with me to kill the Muyas, he said that he wanted to exchange something with the Spiritual Race. He said that he wanted to think of a way to enter some Purple Night Saint Realm before leaving with his men. I haven’t seen them since.”

The aura around the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, who was accumulating anger, surged. He could already sense that Cai Shaochu was separating them and slandering the Spiritual Race. Lang Han had already been killed by the Huaxia Race. You can say whatever you want now.

In an instant, Shui Zhi had the urge to slap Cai Shaochu to death. If no one stopped him, with his cultivation, he might really be able to kill Cai Shaochu with a slap. However, the sword light above Shang Long’s head swayed unsteadily, and the sword qi was dense.

If anyone dared to move, Shang Long’s sword light would definitely be the first to attack.

Shui Zhi had a short exchange with Xiliude. He wanted to take action, but the

Great Xi Clan’s attitude was uncertain. They did not dare to trust Gu Ji, and Gu Ji did not dare to trust them. If the Muyas and the Spiritual Race joined forces, they would still be able to defeat the Blue Star humans.

But what if the Great Xi Clan participated in the battle? What if the Great Xi Clan did not participate in the battle and sat this one out and reap the spoils later?

What made Shui Zhi even more depressed was that the Muyas’ opinion was very simple. If they started a battle, Shang Long would have to be held back by the Spiritual Race while the Muyas would start a massacre.

The problem was that Shang Long’s flying sword was unpredictable.

Shui Zhi was confident that he could defeat Shang Long, but he could not guarantee that Shang Long’s flying sword was killing people wantonly.

For a moment, there was infighting above Ceres Star. Everyone was weighing the pros and cons.

The auras of the top experts intertwined. No one took the initiative to attack.

This situation seemed to be complicated. This was especially so for the Great Xi Clan’s executive, Gu Ji. He felt that Gu Teng might have been made a scapegoat. He instinctively did not want to take the blame.

But it was not like he could remove the blame just because he wanted to. He did not know if the blame was there, but they would definitely be stained with it.

It was fine if they took the blame, but the problem was that there was no news of Gu Teng, who had been thrown the blame. It was unknown if he was dead or alive.

It was simply..

The Great Xi Clan had really been tricked by the Blue Star humans this time.

Gu Ji felt that based on the current situation, both the Muyas and the Spiritual Race would probably not cooperate with the Great Xi Clan any further.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this scene above Ceres Star.

The division plan was effective!

The Great Xi Clan took the blame and had an uncertain stance. The Spiritual Race and the Muyas, whose elites had all been wiped out, did not dare to cause trouble for the Blue Star humans.

As long as he survived this difficult moment and when he, Cai Shaochu, and the elites of the Huaxia Sector recovered slightly, he would not have to be afraid of the Spiritual Race and the Muyas attacking him.

Next, Xu Tui planned to clean up the interior. He had to get rid of the tumor inside. But his pupils suddenly constricted the moment his gaze swept past the sky.

It was gone!

Ullr and the elites under him had already disappeared.

In less than a minute, they left while no one was paying attention..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1