Chapter 1516 - 1516: Ambush Outside The Cosmic Tunnel

Chapter 1516: Ambush Outside the Cosmic Tunnel

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Inevitably, the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, still fought with Shang Long.

Perhaps it was because Shui Zhi was unable to vent his anger. His elites had already retreated to the entrance of the tunnel. They were about to return with a full load, but they were destroyed by Xu Tui from Huaxia.

It was like a piece of fatty meat that had reached his mouth but was snatched away by someone else. He even had his mouth poked a few times. That anger was continuously rising. However, for Shui Zhi to become the top main elder of the Spiritual Race, he was very shrewd. He had the intention of testing the waters by forcefully attacking and fighting Shang Long.

He wanted to see if he could use this opportunity to unite the three races again. If they joined forces with the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan just had to stand by and do nothing. Unfortunately, the Bishop of the Muyas, Xiliude, was a little like a helpless Ah Dou. He watched the entire process, causing Dylin to be on guard and protect him. He was really a little fragile in front of Shang Long’s flying sword.

This was especially so for the injuries caused by the backlash of the Sun Guardian when he forcefully passed through the holy power tunnel.

The Great Xi Clan, as Shui Zhi had expected, watched the entire process without any intention of joining the battle.

Although Gu Ji of the Great Xi Clan had been blamed by Cai Shaochu in public, he did not want to walk the same path as the Blue Star humans.

The most fundamental reason was that be it Gu Ji, Xiliude, or Shui Zhi, they had already received the highest order from their respective races. It was also the highest order of their Father, Lord, and Holy Ancestor.

The three races were natural allies in dealing with the Blue Star humans. The various races had a clear understanding of the war alliance of the three races as well. They could only use each other and have common enemies as allies, but they had to be wary of each other.

The internal opinion was clear. They could cooperate with the three alliances, but they had to prevent themselves from being tricked by others.

After all, everyone knew that destroying the Blue Star humans was not the end of this eternal battle.

Therefore, during the process of destroying the Blue Star humans, they had to think of a way to preserve their strength and consume the strength of the other races. This was already the consensus among the various races.

The higher-ups of the three races knew very well that this was an internal strife that might give the Blue Star humans a chance to catch their breath.

The problem was that even if the true supreme of the three races appeared, it was hard to guarantee that he did not have selfish motives.

It was inevitable that they would conserve their strength and be wary of each other.

This was determined by human nature and natural standpoint. There would never be an answer. In fact, the main reason why the Muyas were watching the battle between Shui Zhi and Shang Long was because they were afraid.

How should he put it? The Muyas had suffered heavy losses.

Among the forces of the three races, more than 30% of the Muyas’ Solar System .

The losses of the solar system expeditionary force reached 50%.

During this exploration, Xiliude had basically sent out all the elites under him. But the outcome was miserable. The rule was that there would be at most 10 teams for each of the four races and at most 30 Planetary realm experts.

Other than the 24 Planetary realms sent by the Blue Star because of the branch, the Muyas sent 25 Planetary realms purely because Xiliude did not have much power left. There were only 40-odd Planetary realm experts. Some of them were the newly-advanced Planetary realm experts.

Basically, Xiliude had sent out all the elites of the Six Satellites and Five Satellites, as well as the Planetary realm officiants.

For example, the extremely powerful Neff and Bunet.

These two people were second only to Dylin and Xiliude in strength in the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force.

But now, they are dead. They all died in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Bishop Xiliude wanted to participate, but he was not strong enough, so he wisely cowered. The remaining strength they had was a little lacking if they used it to defend the Water Origin Palace. How could they dare to consume it?

This situation caused the Spiritual Race’s Shui Zhi to be unable to do anything alone. After the battle with Shang Long, they each found a way out and dispersed.

Gu Ji of the Great Xi Clan actually wanted to participate. But he did not dare. If he targeted the Blue Star humans, how would he deal with the Muyas stabbing him in the back? If he joined the Blue Star humans to deal with the Spiritual Race, what would he do if the Blue Star humans sold him out and stabbed him in the back?

He had personally arranged for the betrayal at the Southern Heavenly Gate.

This was probably the price of taking the rap or being a traitor. Not only did Shang Long fight Shui Zhi, but Xu Tui also teleported to the Wood Origin Palace.

If Ullr wanted to leave, the fastest way would be through the cosmic tunnel of the Wood Origin Palace.

Ullr had obtained 30% of the origin power of the Wood Origin Palace that Cai Shaochu had sent him because he had given up the Earth Palace.

Xu Tui’s pursuit was slightly hindered when he teleported into the Wood Origin Palace. He did not have a position in the Wood Origin Palace. Although the guards recognized him, they could not successfully track him down.

Under Cai Shaochu’s management, the rules of the Wood Origin Palace were still very strict.

Xu Tui immediately contacted Cai Shaochu, who was confronting them outside, and obtained the authorization as quickly as possible. He quickly found out.

Two minutes ago, Ullr left through the cosmic tunnel of the Wood Origin Palace with a large group of people.

Due to the fact that Ullr had followed Shang Long’s orders and given up the Earth Origin Palace, after Ullr entered the Wood Origin Palace, they had independently divided the garrison area with the other alliances. They also had the right to enter and leave freely.

Therefore, no one could stop him when he left. He left very smoothly.

Xu Tui caught up to the entrance of the cosmic tunnel of the Wood Origin Palace and hesitated. Should he chase after them?

He had fought with Ullr several times. Xu Tui’s impression of Ullr was that he was as cunning as a fox and calculated every step.

Xu Tui had fallen into his trap when he attacked the Ziwei Palace previously. If not for his strange strength, he would not have been able to escape. From this point of view, it was actually very normal for the Lord of Myths to leave the Wood Origin Palace the moment he returned.

A cunning fellow like him must have thought of Xu Tui’s possible actions.

Leaving at tms moment was tne Dest cnmce.

However, could leaving be a trap? Would Ullr use this to scheme against Xu Tui?

It was completely possible!

Xu Tui stood at the entrance of the cosmic tunnel. He pondered for a few seconds before he wrapped the blank corpse of a Five Satellites Heavenly Court guard with his mind power and quickly pushed it out of the cosmic tunnel.

He looked like he had charged out. The moment the guard rushed out, Xu Tui’s mind power that had enveloped it dissipated.

“As expected,” Xu Tui sneered. A stern 100k appeared in his eyes. It should be said that he was not the only one lying in ambush outside the cosmic tunnel.

Whether it was Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, or Shang Long, as long as they chased after them, they would be ambushed and attacked. With Shang Long’s cultivation, he was not afraid of an ordinary ambush.

However, there were two lightning-type supernatural beings Ullr. In addition, Ullr was also a lightning-type supernatural being. If he added the enhancement of his lightning seal, even Shang Long might suffer greatly if he was not careful.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui could only sigh to himself and retreat cautiously.

Ullr was really a sly old fox. However, if Ullr was not a sly old fox, how could he have secretly expanded The Myths for so many years as a public welfare organization? On the other hand, the actions of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization were stupid. It was a stark contrast to the Myth Charity Organization.

Suddenly, Xu Tui realized that Dawn Salvation was probably related to The Myth.

Outside the Ceres Star cosmic tunnel, Ullr looked at the ball of metal in front of him and frowned. They immediately attacked with all their might when a guard appeared just now. That was because they knew from their previous battles that Xu Tui could control the guards to fight.

They thought that Xu Tui had charged out. However, only the captain came out. Under their full strength, the captain was instantly refined into a metal block.

“The person who chased after us should be Xu Tui. However, this guy is already on guard against us. This Heavenly Court guard is a test.” After pondering for a moment, Ullr said in a low voice, “Retreat. Go home. It’s useless to guard here.”

Xu Tui did not know that Ullr had already retreated from the cosmic tunnel, but he did not probe or chase after him again. There was no point. He was not in a good state after the consecutive battles.

Previously, he wanted to try to chase after them alone because he wanted to track down the foothold of The Myth. He could only give up for the time being.

Xu Tui’s head was not hard enough. Moreover, no matter when or where, a person’s strength was not enough.

Xu Tui happened to bump into Cai Shaochu, who had just returned, when he turned around from the exit of the cosmic tunnel. The battle between Shang Long and Shui Zhi had ended. Cai Shaochu returned with the unconscious people.

As long as he returned to the Wood Origin Palace, he would be completely safe. With Cai Shaochu’s control over the Wood Origin Palace, it would be extremely difficult for the three races to attack the Wood Origin Palace together.

“He escaped?” Cai Shaochu knew what had happened when he saw Xu Tui’s expression.

“Ullr is very cunning. He probably saw me come out and retreated into the Wood Origin Palace with his men. Not only did he quickly leave with his men, but he should also be ambushing us in the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star,” Xu Tui said.

“He actually dared to ambush us outside the cosmic tunnel!” Cai Shaochu’s gaze was cold, but then he smiled bitterly. “Let’s catch our breath first. We’ll settle the score after we recover a little. Actually, under the circumstances just now, we could not attack Ullr. If there’s internal strife in front of the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan, I’m afraid it will immediately attract a siege!” Cai Shaochu was right. If he wanted to do whatever he wanted, he still needed powerful strength to support him. While the two of them were communicating, Shang Long had already returned.

On the surface, Shang Long looked very relaxed after fighting the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi. But his aura was also fluctuating. After all, Shang Long was only a Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Shui Zhi was at the peak of the Nine Satellites. He might even have surpassed the peak of the Nine Satellites.

Shang Long could only suppress him a little with his sharp attacks. Otherwise, he would not have been a match for Shui Zhi.

“Shaochu has already told me about Ullr! We need to plan this matter well. After all, The Myth was one of the organizations in the Blue Star Sector. The American Sector, the European Sector, and the Huaya Sector had a close relationship with him. But now, the most important thing was strength!

“I believe that after the consecutive battles, you have already understood that in the current solar system, whoever has the bigger fist has the right to speak. Recover your strength first, then we’ll talk about other things! I’ll personally guard the palace! I don’t think they will dare to attack!” Shang Long said.

“Okay!” Cai Shaochu agreed with this. He did not dare to start a battle with less than 5% of his mind power, causing him to be extremely unconfident.

“Yes, Mr. Shang is guarding outside. I’ll guard the unconscious people myself. I’ll guard them while I recover,” Xu Tui said.

The seven sectors were all in the Wood Origin Palace. It could be said that there were all kinds of people. Xu Tui was still very careful..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1