Chapter 1521 - 1521: Cai Shaochu And Suppression Star (1)

Chapter 1521: Cai Shaochu and Suppression Star (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Including the old members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders who had reached the quasi-planetary realm, the late-stage members like Dai Lijun, and the four people recommended by the Huaxia Sector, Li Qingping and Wen Xinglun, there were a total of 41 people, including Cai Shaochu, Pei Tiefeng, and Ruan Tianzuo.

Everyone’s mind power probed towards the three seals. Two of the seals that were emitting a faint flame had the mind power of six people who could directly probe in. It was actually possible for others to probe in with their mind power, but it would take time.

Xu Tui understood all of this very well through the South Pole Longevity Heavenly King’s Seal that was suppressing these seals. This meant that these six people were compatible with the attributes of the two fire-type seals.

Among these six people, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Mei Sen, Ruan Tianzuo, Yan Xuejin, and Yanzi were all fire-element supernatural beings. In reality, these six people were not the only ones.

There were also two fire-type supernatural beings who could probe in with their mind power, but they were a step slower, such as Dai Lijun. It should be because his mind power was weaker. This seal was probably related to the seal of the Fire Division.

Xu Tui glanced at the six of them. “The six of you can refine these two seals. Furthermore, the refinement progress should be very fast. Which one of you will do it?”

“I won’t choose it first. When I was in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, I obtained the Huo Yao Star Official’s Seal and it matched my attributes. I haven’t refined it yet.

This surprised Xu Tui. Qu Qingshan had actually obtained the seal of Star Official Huo Yao. Star Official Huo Yao belonged to the Heavenly Court’s combat division. Most importantly, Huo Yao Star corresponded with Ying Huo Star, which was actually Mars.

Xu Tui did not expect Qu Qingshan to obtain the seal of the Star Official Huo Yao. According to what he knew so far, the level of the Star Official Huo Yao was half a level lower than the 28 Constellations. However, most importantly, it corresponded to Mars.

Mars was a planet that the Blue Star currently controlled.

This suddenly gave Xu Tui an idea. What would happen if Qu Qingshan took the Huo Yao Star Official Seal and went to Mars? This made Xu Tui suddenly look forward to it. If anything happened, Qu Qingshan’s strength would definitely increase greatly.

“The official seal of the Star Official Huo Yao. Mr. Qu, don’t participate in the next selection. Refine that seal with all your might. I’ve made other arrangements when you’re almost done,” Xu Tui said directly.

Qu Qingshan had been in the Worldly Pioneer Raiders for more than a year. He was completely used to Xu Tui’s orders. He agreed very smoothly.

Qu Qingshan was about to find a place at the back to refine it when Xu Tui said,

“Mr. Qu, do it here. I’ll assist you.”

Qu Qingshan nodded in shock. Then, under everyone’s surprised gazes, Xu Tui activated the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and threw out a wisp of divine light. It landed on the seal of the Star Official Huo Yao on Qu Qingshan’s chest. His intentions were very clear. He ordered the seal to belong to Qu Qingshan.

This was not a conferment.

Firstly, Xu Tui had not completely refined the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Secondly, Star Official Huo Yao was not a subordinate of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. However, the level of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole was far higher than Star Official Huo Yao.

Whether it was a subordinate or not, it had a natural pressure.

For example, in the history of Huaxia, what would happen if the county magistrate of a small county in Shandong Province met the governor of Henan?

Although they were not subordinates, there was a natural pressure.

Xu Tui was currently using this natural pressure. Under this pressure, Qu Qingshan’s speed of refining the seal of the Star Official Huo Yao increased significantly.

Moreover, Qu Qingshan’s attributes were naturally compatible with the seal of Star Official Huo Yao. The refinement speed was already very fast, but now, the refinement speed is even faster. Before this, the refinement progress had already reached 15%. Xu Tui felt that he might be able to make a trip to Mars when Qu Qingshan’s refinement progress reached more than 50%. He wanted to see what would happen! This might be a huge turning point for the Huaxia Race.

Qu Qingshan had taken the initiative to withdraw. There were still five people left. Xu Tui had temporarily eliminated Yanzi. It was not that he did not trust Yanzi. After all, Yanzi was from another race. Even if Xu Tui wanted to give her a seal, he had to postpone it.

However, with Yanzi’s contribution, she was more qualified to take the seal than most of the people present. The Energy Gathering Array was an invention that benefited Huaxia. It doubled the cultivation speed of many Huaxia Elites. It was very meaningful.

Especially now, the activation of the Blessed Enclave in the Huaxia Sector of the Blue Star was simply a sharp weapon for accelerating the growth of experts.

“Can you tell me what level the seal is?” Ruan Tianzuo asked.

“I don’t know.” Xu Tui shook his head.

“Then I won’t choose for now! However, I have to make it clear first. I have two spots. I should have at least two chances to choose the seals,” Ruan Tianzuo said.

Xu Tui glanced at Ruan Tianzuo. He could not refute those words. No wonder Ruan Tianzuo had recommended himself. It turned out that he was waiting for Xu Tui here.

In theory, the mind power of Ruan Tianzuo, a peak Planetary realm powerhouse of the Five Satellites, would be able to come into contact with and refine any Star Official’s seal faster than others..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1