Chapter 1523 - 1523: Cai Shaochu And Suppression Star (3)

Chapter 1523: Cai Shaochu and Suppression Star (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As Mei Sen’s refinement progress continued, just as Cai Shaochu had said, Mei Sen, who had been nourished by the seal, began to break through to the Planetary realm of the Three Satellites.

This made Cai Shaochu smile until his eyes narrowed.

Mei Sen’s combat strength was already rather strong. After breaking through to the Three Satellites, if he was enhanced by the seal, Mei Sen would definitely be able to unleash the combat strength of the Four Satellites.

The combat strength of the Four Satellites was already the backbone of Planetary realm powerhouses. It could be said that the Huaxia Sector had gained another core combat force.

Of the three seals, the remaining one did not have any compatibility with their attributes. Xu Tui simply used the pressure of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole’s seal to put it into the quantum dimensional chain.

The small universe of the Heavenly Court had already been sealed. Currently, this seal has no home to return. Coupled with the pressure of the Longevity Emperor’s seal, it was very obedient when it was thrown into the quantum dimensional chain.

Next, Xu Tui threw out three more heads of the Planetary realm of the Spiritual

Race.

The remaining bit of their mental bodies were killed on the spot. Four seals actually exploded from the three Spiritual Race planets. They took turns to try it out with their mind power.

However, the moment one of the seals appeared, the Mount Heng Seal in Xu Tui’s body suddenly trembled. It was related to it.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He did not care about the others and directly injected his mind power into the seal. He instantly understood the source of the seal.

West Mountain Huashan Divine Seal.

No wonder there were abnormal movements from the Mount Heng Divine Seal. It turned out that it was one of the Five Mountain Gods.

Xu Tui thought for a moment and began to refine it. The level of the Five Mountain Gods was rather low. Its level was about the same as the Star Official under the 28 Star Lords. In itself, the refinement value was not great.

However, when it was combined with his Mountain Seal, the refinement progress was extremely fast. Moreover, Xu Tui thought, what if he had the chance to gather all the seals of the Five Mountains?

Other than that, Xu Tui had many other thoughts.

The Five Mountains Divine Seals should be extraordinary to be ranked in the Huaxia Daoism God System. He could try refining it. Currently, there was no limit to the number of divine seals a person could master.

This time, with the cooperation of the Longevity Emperor Seal and the help of the Mount Heng Divine Seal, the refinement progress of the Huashan Divine Seal was very fast.

Xu Tui let everyone try as he refined it. Of the four seals, two were taken away by the other people’s attributes, leaving one behind.

Xu Tui continued to take out the next wave of seals. Actually, he had a pattern when he took out the seals. The Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race whose mental bodies had collapsed were actually the weakest Planetary realm experts.

After these two waves, they were all Planetary realm experts of the Three Satellites, Four Satellites, and even Five Satellites. The seals that flew out of their bodies gradually became higher in level.

There were already seals of the 28 Constellations.

The moment the seal that appeared in the fourth wave appeared, it was

actually connected to the seal that Wen Shao had refined. It was earth-yellow.

This made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. Everyone probed with their mind power. Four of them had fused with the aura of the Star Official Seal.

Three of them were earth-element supernatural beings, while the other was Cai Shaochu.

Cai Shaochu did not have any thoughts at first. He had obtained a seal previously and could make do with it. Therefore, he did not plan to fight with others for this seal. However, Xu Tui had a different thought. He did not give anyone else a chance.

“Principal, I think that it’s more suitable for you to refine this seal,” Xu Tui said directly. Anyway, Cai Shaochu was qualified.

The others had nothing to say after Xu Tui said that. Cai Shaochu still wanted to say something, but Xu Tui sent a mental voice transmission to him. “Principal, this Star Lord’s seal might be the seal of Star Lord Tu Yao. The level is not high, but the Tu Yao Star is a suppression star. It was compatible with your attributes just now. I think it might be more compatible with your Suppression Formula. I suggest that you refine it,” Xu Tui said.

“The Tu Yao Star? Suppression Star?” Cai Shaochu was not a pedantic person. When Xu Tui said that, he immediately wrapped the seal with his mind power and refined it at the side.

The refinement progress was even faster than Mei Sen. He was clearly very suitable for this seal.

However, what made Xu Tui even more excited was that when Cai Shaochu began to refine the Star Lord Seal, the Star Lord Seal was directly connected to the aura of the Huo Yao Star Lord Seal that Qu Qingshan had refined. They resonated with each other.

This basically confirmed that this seal was the seal of Star Lord Tu Yao. The benefits happened the moment the auras of the two Star Lord Seals were connected.

The moment the seals of Huo Yao and Tu Yao were connected, two mysterious pillars of light that could not be seen with the naked eye but could be sensed with Xu Tui’s powerful mental perception landed on Qu Qingshan and Cai Shaochu.

Almost at the same time, Qu Qingshan and Cai Shaochu’s auras began to fluctuate violently.

The surrounding energy concentration seemed to have become denser again because of the enhancement of the two seals. The space monitoring stations on the Blue Star and the Moon all monitored that Mars and Saturn in the solar system had undergone varying degrees of intense light.

From the perspective of the Huaxia Sector, the two stars in the sky had suddenly more than doubled in brightness.

On the other hand, the various monitoring stations on Mars discovered that the aura of Mars seemed to have become active. The energy concentration of the various Mars bases began to increase in fluctuations.

Xu Tui did not receive a report about all of this for the time being.

However, the changes to Qu Qingshan and Cai Shaochu allowed Xu Tui to basically confirm that if they refined the seals of the Huo Yao and the Tu Yao, there would definitely be magical changes when they arrived on Mars and Saturn.

Another question appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. Would he gain anything if he returned to the Blue Star after he refined the Mount Heng Divine Seal and the Huashan Divine Seal?

Would these two divine seals be related to Mount Hua and Mount Heng? What would be the connection if it happened?

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt a little more anticipation.

At this moment, Qu Qingshan’s aura fluctuated violently. Qu Qingshan was also about to break through. He should be breaking through to the Planetary realm.

“Mr. Qu, you can use Origin Crystals to strengthen your breakthrough,” Xu Tui reminded him. However, he had no intention of giving Qu Qingshan Origin Crystals.

This guy had gained a lot in the Worldly Pioneer Raiders over the past year or two. This was especially so for the extra-terrestrial. He had nowhere to drink, and find a living. He had nowhere to spend his money, so his net worth was not bad.

Cai Shaochu’s aura also began to fluctuate. A small word appeared above his head. As Cai Shaochu breathed, it resonated with the seal on his chest. As he breathed, Cai Shaochu’s star halo of the Suppression Nova was rapidly strengthening.

It was originally at the peak of the third star halo. It had already broken through to the fourth star halo and was still rapidly improving. Moreover, this was a visible improvement.

Xu Tui could sense that Cai Shaochu’s main planet aura was also increasing. It should be the radiation effect brought about by the advancement of the supernatural being planetary realm.

Xu Tui was suddenly pleasantly surprised. If the principal’s strength increased again, the strength of the Huaxia Sector would really increase exponentially. However, would the principal be able to break through to the Planetary realm of the Seven Satellites?

Just as Cai Shaochu and Qu Qingshan were breaking through, the others looked at Cai Shaochu, Qu Qingshan, Mei Sen, and the others with widened eyes.

The benefits of refining the Divine Duty Seal with compatible attributes were actually that great?

They wanted it too!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1