Chapter 1522 - 1522: Cai Shaochu And Suppression Star (2)

Chapter 1522: Cai Shaochu and Suppression Star (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, just as Cai Shaochu had said, Ruan Tianzuo had made a contribution. At this moment, he had to follow the rules. Since Xu Tui had such thoughts, he had to follow the rules for many things.

That was because according to Xu Tui’s plan, he would be the one who set the rules if he succeeded. It was much more effective to use rules to restrain people than to use strength to scare them.

“Up to you.”

“I feel that this aura is very compatible with mine. It’s very happy. If possible, I want to try. Of course, it’s up to you to decide. It depends on others.” Although Mei Sen was once the dean of the Mystery Branch, he spoke politely. He had a scholarly aura.

Then, no one spoke again. They were all waiting for Xu Tui to distribute the items.

Xu Tui really did not know what kind of clergy seal these three seals were. However, he could basically sense the two seals that were emitting flames. The fire-element conquest seal might be the seal of the orthodox gods of the Fire Division.

The Orthodox God Seal of the Fire Division was on the same level as the 28 Constellations Seal.

“Then Dean Mei will take one. Mr. Wen, do you have any thoughts for the other?” Xu Tui said.

“I’m willing to give it a try.” Wen Shao was very excited when he heard that. In his previous exploration, he did not obtain a suitable seal. The seal he obtained was an extremely ordinary seal. It was not very useful.

After confirming it, Xu Tui waved his hand. The two seals flew toward Mei Sen and Wen Shao.

While the two of them were refining at the back, Xu Tui also activated the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. He used his divine light to pressure the two seals and speed up their refinement.

Mei Sen was the dean of the Mystery Branch back then. He had accumulated a lot of experience. More than a year ago, Xu Tui had unsealed the space of Planet Kono’s origin domain. After 30 to 40 years of accumulation, he had quickly broken through to the Planetary realm.

He was currently at the Planetary realm of Two Satellites, but his mind power fluctuations were very strong. Not long after he began to refine one of the seals, the light of the seal that was emitting flames suddenly fell into Mei Sen’s body.

Mei Sen’s aura immediately began to fluctuate.

“This… Mei Sen might be breaking through.” Cai Shaochu’s stunned voice rang out.

“Break through?” Xu Tui also realized this. He knew even better that breaking through required a massive amount of Origin Energy. That could increase the effect of the breakthrough.

The place where everyone was staying happened to be a valley where energy gathered that thev had discovered on Planet Peach Dreviouslv. The energv gathering cultivation base that they had cultivated previously had been occupied by Raymont and the others to cultivate for a long time. Now, it could be used by Mei Sen.

It was worth mentioning that before this, the basic energy concentration of the energy gathering cultivation base on Planet Peach was about 5 to 6. Using the energy gathering array, it could increase the concentration of energy above 10. It could be considered a cultivation holy land.

Of course, when Raymont and the others came previously, the energy gathering array here had been destroyed.

However, when Xu Tui and the others began to refine the Heavenly Court’s seal a few days ago, not only did the concentration of energy in the Blue Star’s Huaxia Sector increase drastically, but a blessed land also appeared.

Even within Planet Peach, the concentration of energy had increased again. In any ordinary place, the concentration of energy had already exceeded 3-5. In some places, it had already exceeded 4.

The concentration of energy in this kind of place had already exceeded six.

Some lands, such as here, had already exceeded seven.

Under the enhancement, it would be very impressive.

“Yanzi, Dean Mei might be breaking through. Go and set up an energy gathering array,” Xu Tui ordered.

Increasing the concentration of energy here by more than double would be very beneficial to Mei Sen’s breakthrough.

Yanzi responded softly. She suddenly looked at Xu Tui. “What level should I set

“The highest level is the five elements?”

“The highest level is the Six Harmonies Energy Gathering Array,” Yanzi said.

Xu Tui’s eyelids twitched. He felt that everyone’s gazes were immediately focused on him. However, it did not matter. It was time for him to display his muscles and attractiveness. “So fast?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“It’s just accumulation. After mastering the trick, it’s easy to improve once I try more.”

Previously, the energy enhancement of the Five Elements Energy Gathering Array was about 1.2 to 1.3 times. How much had the enhancement of the Six Harmonies Energy Gathering Array?

Yanzi used her consciousness to send Xu Tui an answer. It was between 1.4 and

1.5 times.

“Let’s set up the Six Harmonies.”

It was also good to have more energy concentration at this moment. The concentration of energy in the Heavenly Court was only between 13 to 14.

Ten minutes later, the effect was out. The energy concentration of Six Harmonies was close to 17. This was very terrifying. The members of the pioneer raiders were fine. They had already seen it before.

However, Ruan Tianzuo, Cai Shaochu, Li Qingping, and the others’ eyes almost popped out when they sensed the 17-point energy concentration here.

How fast did it take to cultivate here?

The cultivation environment of Ceres Star and Planet Kono was considered good, but it was far inferior to this place. This was especially so for Xu Tui’s so-called energy gathering array. It was simply…

Cai Shaochu had only obtained the Three Talents Gathering Energy Array previously. He was also shocked when he saw the effect of the Six Harmonies Gathering Energy Array. If this energy gathering array could be used in the blessed lands activated within the Huaxia Sector, then the cultivation effect would be…

How many experts would he have to nurture for the Huaxia Sector over the years? It could even be said that this would be a strategic resource for the Huaxia Sector in the future..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1