Chapter 1529 - 1529: Forced Capture And Nuclear Bomb (2)

Chapter 1529: Forced Capture and Nuclear Bomb (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The power of this attack was like a nuclear explosion. It instantly attracted the attention of all the forces on Planet Kono. A gap appeared in the door of the base in front of him, including the outer fortress.

The base reported that the alarm was ringing. The thousands of armed forces stationed here immediately rushed out and surrounded Xu Tui. Within the base, the auras of Planetary realm powerhouses swept over.

Xu Tui, on the other hand, was wearing the seven layers of Vajra Barrier. He slowly floated in the air and looked at the army that was guarding here with a murderous expression.

“Nilab, if you don’t want to cause unnecessary deaths, get these soldiers to retreat! Get Ganjiv and Raymont to come out.” Xu Tui’s roar sounded, but these words were sent into Nilab’s mind through the range of his boundless mental perception.

Another Mountain Seal blasted down at lightning speed. This time, the other fortress-like wall that was blasted down instantly collapsed.

“I don’t like being pointed at by arms. If anyone points their weapon at me again, don’t blame me for starting a massacre.”

Xu Tui disdained to kill these ordinary soldiers. Of course, he would definitely attack immediately if it affected his safety.

A commander of the guards who belonged to this base became anxious when he saw Xu Tui and the others slowly enter. This base was their territory.

To soldiers, this was an invasion! This was a battle!

Therefore, instinctively, or rather, subconsciously, the commander roared, “Everyone, get ready. High-energy Laser Arms…”

Swish!

His head flew up without any warning, and blood spurted out of his neck. The commander who wanted to give the order to attack was directly killed. The person who attacked was Yan Lie, who had concealed himself in advance. After Yan Lie broke through to the Planetary realm, he could be said to be elusive.

“Ganjiv, Raymont, are you that afraid of me?” Xu Tui’s slightly mocking voice spread throughout the base.

Actually, not only had it spread throughout the entire base, but with Ah Huang’s cooperation, Xu Tui’s voice and real-time image had also spread to the entire Planet Kono.

“Everyone, retreat. No firing! This is a battle between Planetary realm powerhouses!” Nilab’s trembling voice sounded.

In the next moment, Ganjiv’s roar rang out. “Xu Tui, do you know what you are doing? You’re declaring war. You’re starting a war! Where’s Cai Shaochu? Get Cai Shaochu out. If he doesn’t give us an explanation today, we’ll fight!” Ganjiv, who had flown out of the living room, was furious.

When he flew out, there were two Four Satellites, three Three Satellites, six

Two Satellites, and 11 One Satellite behind Ganjiv. There were a total of 23

Planetary realm powerhouses. This was basically more than half of the Planetary realm powerhouses who came from the India Sector. Only a small number of them were not on Planet Kono.

Of course, most of the Planetary realm powerhouses had only appeared in the past two years after the Origin Domain was unsealed. Although their strength was average, it was still terrifying if there were too many of them.

With 23 Planetary realm powerhouses, Ganjiv was very confident.

Xu Tui did not care. Those below the Five Satellites were not much of a threat to him.

“Where’s Raymont? Come out and answer me!” Xu Tui treated Ganjiv as if he was nothing.

This infuriated Ganjiv. To be honest, he did not care if Xu Tui scolded or insulted him. This was the enemy’s regular methods, it was normal. However, Xu Tui ignored him and treated him as if he was nothing. This was the greatest humiliation to him.

Especially in front of so many subordinates. Ganjiv was now the spiritual leader of the India Sector after Itavi.

“Xu Tui, you are too arrogant! Don’t forget where we are.” As he roared, the black water light swept toward Xu Tui.

Ganjiv was a special water-type supernatural being. His actual combat strength on the battlefield was extremely powerful. Even a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse felt a little intimidated when facing him.

However, the moment the water light swept out, a hammer that was glowing with golden light appeared above Ganjiv’s head without any warning. He knocked Ganjiv’s head hard. With the hammer, Ganjiv’s mental body trembled slightly. The water light that blasted out immediately dissipated. Even the protective water light on his body dissipated a little.

Bang! Bang!

This hammer struck twice in a row. The second time, more than half of Ganjiv’s protective water light dissipated.

As Xu Tui activated his mind power, balls of cold light appeared continuously. They were ice seals. In an instant, Xu Tui sealed Ganjiv more than five times. In the end, he successfully froze Ganjiv. He turned into a large lump of ice and fell to the ground.

It might seem like a long time, but in reality, the entire battle had only taken a second from Ganjiv’s attack to him being frozen and falling to the ground. In a flash, Ganjiv, who was at the Five Satellites Planetary realm, was frozen and captured alive by Xu Tui.

The moment Ganjiv attacked, however, the two Four Satellites Planetary realm and three Three Satellites Planetary realm that appeared with Ganjiv attacked Xu Tui at the same time.

Xu Tui did not care about their attacks. He allowed the attacks of the five Planetary realm experts to land on him.

Xu Tui’s ice seal continued to freeze.

Balls of ice quickly flashed. In Xu Tui’s mind, all the enhancements from the mind power main planet and the Vajra Secondary Force Field were gathered on the Blizzard Domain Nova to increase the power of the ice seal..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1