Chapter 1526 - 1526: An Xiaoxue L S New Ability And Absolute Bottom Line (1)

Chapter 1526 - 1526: An Xiaoxue l s New Ability and Absolute Bottom Line (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

Today, Planet Kono has completely replaced the Moon and become the new extra-terrestrial center of the Blue Star.

Other than the fact that Planet Kono was more suitable for the Blue Star humans to live on, currently, transportation was built through quantum teleportation channels with the major colonial planets.

It had two-way transportation with Mars, Ceres Star, the Moon, the Manut asteroid, and Planet Liuxia. It was already considered an extraterrestrial transportation hub.

However, more importantly, up until now, they had not discovered any cosmic tunnel nodes on Planet Kono.

And this represented safety.

Without a cosmic tunnel node, it meant that the enemy could not arrive on a large scale through the cosmic tunnel. Ordinary navigation or flight took an extremely long time. Furthermore, it was extremely easy to be detected by modern technological means.

Quantum teleportation tunnels could indeed teleport Planetary realm powerhouses. However, there was a teleportation restriction. Under normal circumstances, a quantum teleportation channel could only teleport one Planetary realm powerhouse within 24 hours.

Even if Planet Kono had six quantum teleportation channels for external communication, safety was still not a problem. At most, six Planetary realm powerhouses would come at once, and that was when all the relevant planets had been lost.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui had only brought a portion of the pioneer raiders to Planet Kono. He could not bring many people. If there were too many, it would take a few days just to pass.

Therefore, Xu Tui had only brought four people with him to Planet Kono.

They were Bu Qingqiu, who had already broken through to the Planetary realm of Two Satellites, Yan Lie, who had just broken through to the Planetary realm, and An Xiaoxue and Yang Huai, who were quasi-planetary.

Needless to say, An Xiaoxue’s combat strength was outstanding. He had brought Yang Huai along mainly because of this fellow’s interrogation methods.

Just like that, the departure of the three Planetary realm experts became more troublesome. Xu Tui had to set off in two directions.

Only then could they quickly reach Planet Kono.

Bu Qingqiu arrived on Planet Liuxia directly. Then, she arrived at Planet Kono through the quantum teleportation channel on Planet Liuxia.

Bu Qingqiu was actually very strong. Although she was only in the Planetary realm of the Two Satellites, she had the combat strength of the Planetary realm of the Three Satellites. Previously, she had refined a seal from the Spiritual Race. Although it was a preliminary refinement, her strength had also increased.

It was not a problem to withstand a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Four

Satellites. Most imnortantlv. she was the kind that belonged to a long-range

cannon. She could cooperate with Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

On the other hand, Xu Tui brought Yan Lie, Yang Huai, and An Xiaoxue back to Ceres Star through the cosmic tunnel. Then, they arrived at Planet Kono through the quantum teleportation channel between the Wood Origin Palace and Planet Kono.

Ceres Star was an ancient transportation hub. The quantum teleportation channel here was more stable. Usually, after teleporting a Planetary realm powerhouse, it would only take 12 hours to teleport another Planetary realm powerhouse. The gap was not too far.

“Yan Lie, guard here. If I don’t have any other orders in 12 hours, come to Planet Kono. I have something to arrange for you,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood.”

After giving his instructions, Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and Yang Huai stepped into the quantum teleportation channel between Ceres Star and Planet Kono.

The moment she stepped in, An Xiaoxue suddenly stopped in her tracks. “Wait a moment.”

Xu Tui suddenly turned around and looked at An Xiaoxue. However, the moment he turned around, he took a step back. He did not step into the quantum teleportation tunnel.

“When I first stepped in, the seal of the Rabbit Taichong that I had initially refined suddenly moved. It attracted my Dimensional Slash Main Planet and formed a connection with the outside world,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. Could it be that the Twelve Zodiac Star Official Seal that An Xiaoxue had refined had a special effect here? Or rather, the Twelve Zodiac Star Officials had their own special functions.

“What connection?”

“It’s a little short. Let me sense it carefully,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui nodded. Then, An Xiaoxue slowly approached the quantum teleportation channel again. This made Xu Tui’s gaze shift slightly. Could the special connection with the outside world be related to the quantum teleportation channel?

Five minutes later, An Xiaoxue, who was half a step into the quantum teleportation channel, suddenly opened her eyes and looked at Yan Lie, who was guarding outside the tunnel.

“I feel that my Rabbit Taichong Star Official Seal can connect the quantum teleportation channel to my mind power. I can strengthen this quantum teleportation channel once in a short period of time within a certain range. I feel that it shouldn’t be a problem to bring Yan Lie along,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was stunned. Suddenly, he remembered that among the Twelve Zodiacs, the Rabbit was also known as the Teleportation Zodiac. Was it related to this? If that was the case, this seal could be said to be a pearl covered in dust. It was an absolute treasure. Even if he could only bring another Planetary realm powerhouse through at once, it would be very important.

“How’s the burden on you?” This was another question that Xu Tui was concerned about.

“I feel that it shouldn’t be much. What’s strengthening it is the quantum teleportation channel itself. We’ll know after trying it once,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui decided to give it a try after considering it for only a second. He had to try.

This was because An Xiaoxue was only a quasi-planetary. What if she broke through to the Planetary realm? What if she completely refined the Rabbit Teleportation Seal? How much would she be able to enhance the quantum teleportation channel?

How many people could be teleported through the quantum teleportation channel at once?

Xu Tui suddenly looked forward to it..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1