Chapter 1527 - 1527: An Xiaoxue’S New Ability And Absolute Bottom Line (2)

Chapter 1527 - 1527: An Xiaoxue’s New Ability and Absolute Bottom Line (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations       Editor: Henyee Translations

If he could teleport three or even four people at once, that would be a strategic advantage.

“Yan Lie, come.” He waved his hand and asked Yan Lie to come over. The moment everyone stepped in, An Xiaoxue had already held the Rabbit Teleportation Seal in her hand and activated it. It flickered with light.

In the next moment, everyone disappeared at the same time. Ten seconds later, the four of them safely appeared in the Huaxia Sector’s general base on

Planet Kono.

“It consumed 20% of my mind power. This consumption is completely acceptable. Moreover, as the refinement of the Rabbit Star Official Seal increases in the future, or as my cultivation breaks through, I feel that the consumption and strengthening effects can be further enhanced.”

After trying it out once, An Xiaoxue gained a certain amount of experience.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. He then instructed An Xiaoxue, “Xiaoxue, pay attention to the fluctuations of the Auspicious Cow Seal in the future. The Twelve Zodiac Seals might have functions that we don’t understand.”

“I think so too. Otherwise, the ancient Heavenly Court would not have set up a

Star Official Seal for the Twelve Zodiac.”

“Let’s go and meet Lieutenant Wei.”

Next, Xu Tui’s plan was to cause trouble. If he wanted to cause trouble, he had to communicate with Wei Bin, the commander-in-chief of the extra-terrestrial in the Huaxia Sector, and reach a consensus.

Of course, Xu Tui had asked Cai Shaochu to communicate with Wei Bin about this plan previously and had already reached a preliminary consensus. However, in the end, Xu Tui still needed to communicate with Wei Bin in person.

Xu Tui met Wei Bin in the main command room of the Huaxia Sector’s combat center.

Wei Bin’s body emitted a strong Planetary realm fluctuation.

Two Satellites Planetary realm.

Wei Bin had also benefited greatly from the removal of the Origin Domain seal. However, when he saw Xu Tui, Wei Bin sighed. “Sit! Kid, you’ve grown really quickly! Two years ago, you barely broke through to the Genetic Evolution

Realm. I didn’t expect you to be a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Three Satellites two years later.” Wei Bin sighed.

“No, Lieutenant Wei, you’re wrong.” Xu Tui, who was sitting down, smiled and shook his head.

“What’s wrong?” Wei Bin was stunned.

“My cultivation.”

“If your cultivation is not the Three Satellites, how many Satellites are there? It can’t be the Four Satellites, right?” Wei Bin looked at Xu Tui.

In the next moment, as Xu Tui’s aura completely spread out, even though Wei Bin’s calmness was exceptional, he was still tongue-tied. “You… became a Five Satellites?”

Xu Tui’s aura disappeared in a flash, but Wei Bin had a stunned expression.

“How did you turn the aura of the Five Satellites into that of the Three Satellites?”

“Lieutenant Wei, I’m sure that I’m already in the Planetary realm of the Five Satellites. Furthermore, it’s the true Planetary realm of the Five Satellites. My combat strength is only stronger than the Five Satellites!

“Moreover, I can tell you clearly that breaking through to the Six Satellites is only a matter of time for me. As long as I have free time, I will be able to break through to the Six Satellites in a short period of time. I will also have the true

combat strength ot the Six Satellites,” Xu Tui said directly.

The shock on Wei Bin’s face slowly dissipated when he saw Xu Tui. “You came for that plan. Did you reveal your true strength in front of me to increase my confidence?”

“Of course. I also have subordinates of the Seven Satellites. You should have received this information.”

“I did.”

“What if I say there’s more than one?”

Xu Tui’s words stunned Wei Bin again. “There’s more than one? How many Seven Satellites do you have?”

“At least four.”

Hearing this number, Wei Bin’s breathing became heavier. As the commander-in-chief of the Blue Star extra-terrestrial, he knew very well how much right the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses had.

Wei Bin was silent for a full three minutes. After completely digesting this news and the various impacts it might bring, he spoke again.

“Principal Cai mentioned your plan to me. In principle, I agree with your plan. However, this already involves the command of the extra-terrestrial. It’s very sensitive,” Wei Bin said.

“I know, Lieutenant Wei, but you also know better. In the current situation of the extra-terrestrial, as the individual strength of the Planetary realm powerhouses becomes stronger, the binding power of the Blue Star sectors on them will also become weaker. The strongest people in the various sectors had already formed a de facto command. Of course, the situation in the Huaxia Sector is relatively better,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Wei Bin nodded. “I know this better than you. This is also an important reason why I could meet you to discuss this plan.” After a pause, Wei Bin said, “I have a question that I need you to answer accurately.”

“Please ask, Lieutenant Wei.”

“Xu Tui, if you achieve your mission goal, what is your position? Or what will it become?”

“I was born a Huaxia man, and I will die a Huaxia ghost!

“Everything is for Huaxia!” Xu Tui’s voice was slow and calm.

Wei Bin stared at Xu Tui for a long time, then nodded heavily. “Alright, I will fully support your plan. However, I have a bottom-line request. You have to accept it and execute it 100%. You can’t touch it at all.”

“Please speak, Lieutenant Wei.”

“No matter what, no matter how strong you are in the future, no matter how powerful the Planetary realm under you is, Your influence and command rights can only be obtained in the extra-terrestrial. You could not enter the Blue Star! Do you understand?” Wei Bin said the last two sentences to Xu Tui word by word.

“I understand.” Xu Tui nodded heavily.

“No, you don’t understand!” Wei Bin suddenly stood up and looked down at Xu Tui. He said word by word again, “The internal situation of the Blue Star can only be evolved by the Blue Star itself! You can’t interfere! No matter how far you went in the solar system or the Milky Way, Your influence cannot enter the Blue Star, be it you or your subordinates. Do you understand?” “Lieutenant Wei, I understand!”

Xu Tui nodded solemnly. “I’m in the extra-terrestrial only to repel the extraterrestrial invaders and develop. I’ll remember this absolute bottom line!”

“It’s good that you remember. Then from today onwards, you can use the intelligence center of the extra-terrestrial command center of the Huaxia Sector at any time. I will try my best to cooperate with you. You can mobilize Planetary realm powerhouses. However, it can’t affect the safety of the planet under our jurisdiction,” Wei Bin said.

“If you need to, you can mobilize them, including me,” Wei Bin added.

“Lieutenant Wei, you’re being too serious! You still need to study the big strategy. I just want to gather the power of the Blue Star into an iron fist. “Lieutenant Wei, I won’t say anything more. I need all the information about Raymont now, as well as all the information about the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, including all the Planetary realm powerhouses from the other alliances on Planet Kono,” Xu Tui said.

“The intelligence center will send it to me in a minute.”

“Thank you for your support, Lieutenant Wei.”

As he watched Xu Tui leave, Wei Bin muttered, “Gather the power of the Blue Star into an iron fist. But isn’t this iron fist still yours…”

Wei Bin was swift and decisive. In less than a minute, Xu Tui received the encrypted information sent by the Huaxia Sector’s intelligence center on his communication device.

The situation on Planet Kono was clear at a glance. Raymont’s whereabouts were clear at a glance. After Raymont arrived at Planet Kono, he first went to see Haren from the American Sector. Then, he went to Huaya to meet Huang Gu and the others.

Now, he had gone to the India Sector’s general base on Planet Kono to meet the Planetary realm powerhouse of the India Sector’s Five Satellites, Ganjiv. Ever since the disappearance of the strongest Planetary realm powerhouse in the India Sector, Itavi, Ganjiv had been in charge.

As for the original deputy director of the India Sector’s Genetic Committee, Nilab’s strength was very weak and he did not have much say.

The current extra-terrestrial actually admired and trusted the strong. This was also the reason why all the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star were in awe of Shang Long the moment he returned.

He’s powerful!

“Let’s go to the India Sector’s general base on Planet Kono.”

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui arrived at the entrance of the India Sector’s general base on Planet Kono.

“Tell Mr. Ganjiv that Xu Tui from Huaxia would like to see him. Oh, yes, tell Raymont too.” Xu Tui was very direct at the entrance of the general base.

A few seconds later, in the depths of the general base, Ganjiv was still fine, but Raymont was a little flustered..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1