Chapter 1528 - 1528: Forced Capture And Nuclear Bomb (1)

Chapter 1528: Forced Capture and Nuclear Bomb (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the India Sector’s general base, Ganjiv was discussing the details of the Alliance with Raymont, who had personally visited.

Raymont had a motive for personally visiting. He had come with the goal of the Lord of The Myth, Ullr, to establish the Myth Alliance. Of course, he had to display the current strength of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, as well as the benefits he could bring to Ganjiv.

For example, a seal of the Heavenly Court that could quickly advance to the Six Satellites and greatly increase one’s combat strength after Ganjiv refined it. He had to have a description of the beautiful future.

To be honest, Ganjiv was very tempted and shocked. Not only was the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, powerful, but he also had two Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses under him. It could also bring him huge benefits.

In this not-too-long meeting, they had already begun to negotiate substantial terms.

An important reason why they progressed so quickly was that Haren from the American Sector had already decided to join the Myth Alliance.

Of course, whether it was Haren or Ganjiv, the fact that they chose to join the

Myth Alliance in a short period of time was actually related to their own needs.

Three years ago, Shamera, the traitor, staged a coup on the Blue Star and seized the position. He was directly and brutally suppressed. Actually, many Planetary realm experts in the extra-terrestrial were watching.

However, three years later, the situation was completely different.

The power of the extra-terrestrial had greatly expanded, and the strength and influence of the Planetary realm powerhouses had greatly increased. The request that was originally hidden in their hearts was naturally revealed.

For example, Ganjiv, Haren, and the others wanted to have more say, rights, and resources in the extra-terrestrial.

At this moment, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, appeared. Other than displaying his strength and describing the future, most importantly, this action matched the true requests of Ganjiv, Haren, and the others.

It matched their ambitions.

It was also because of this that Raymont could make substantial progress with Ganjiv in a short period of time.

However, Xu Tui’s sudden visit surprised Ganjiv. It also made Raymont a little afraid.

Ganjiv was surprised because he did not expect Xu Tui to come. He did not understand why Xu Tui was looking for him. He did not have much interaction with Xu Tui to begin with. But Raymont was different. He had been killed by Xu Tui once in the past. Although he had died in a sinister manner, death would always leave a deep impression.

Moreover, Raymont had already learned a little about Xu Tui’s true strength from the Lord of The Myths, Ullr.

Therefore, he had this fear.

Even though there was a lightning-type Seven Satellites supernatural being, two Five Satellites Planetary realm, three Four Satellites Planetary realm, and three Five Satellites Planetary realm behind him, it still made Raymont a little afraid.

Previously, he had already known how powerful Xu Tui was through his communication with these Planetary realm experts.

As for the 11 Planetary realm powerhouses behind him, they were the forces that the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, had sent over the past few days, including a portion of the people he had brought previously to show him their muscles.

Whether it was Ganjiv or Ullr, one could imagine how intimidating it was when they saw such a wave of power behind Raymont.

There was no need to mention how powerful the Myth Alliance was since they could pull out so many Planetary realm experts at any time.

Of course, Ganjiv did not know that the lightning-type supernatural being in front of him was the person in charge of the divine position that the Lord of

The Myths, Ullr, had brought out of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. He had only been promoted to the Seven Satellites because Ullr had bestowed him with the lightning seal.

“What does Xu Tui mean by suddenly coming over?” Ganjiv, who had been informed, looked at Raymont.

Before Raymont could speak, the lightning-type supernatural being of the Seven Satellites, Cadron, who was sitting at the side, said, ‘Why don’t we just launch an attack? We might be able to kill Xu Tui if he was caught off guard.”

Cadron had fought Xu Tui back then. It could be said that his memory was still fresh. After thinking for a moment, Raymont shook his head and rejected Cadron’s suggestion. It was not good to fight his way out of Planet Kono.

Currently, Lord Ullr’s plan is his top priority.

“Mr. Ganjiv, since he wants to see you, tell him that you have something important going on. Get him to make a new appointment. This was Planet Kono. Everyone had to follow the rules. Let’s finish this matter first. I still have to see Mr. Augustus after that,” Raymont gave an extremely safe suggestion.

“Alright.”

Ganjiv immediately gave his instructions.

Soon, a cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face when he received the reply at the entrance of the general base where Ganjiv controlled. It seemed that neither Ganjiv nor Raymont understood the true motive of his trip.

However, they were about to understand.

“He doesn’t have time to see me?” Xu Tui looked at the adjutant in front of him. A cold smile appeared on his face again. “Since that’s the case, it’s good. Let’s make this commotion bigger and solve the problem in one go.”

The adjutant felt that Xu Tui was a little confused. What did he mean? This was Planet Kono. Did Xu Tui want to do something?

Xu Tui glanced at Yan Lie. Yan Lie instantly disappeared without a trace. At the same time, An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu both activated their respective defenses. Almost at the same time, a huge Mountain Seal suddenly appeared hundreds of meters above the entrance of the base.

Then, under Xu Tui’s urging, it instantly smashed down with the force of Mount Tai.

Bang!

The ground shook. It was as if an earthquake had occurred on Planet Kono. All the security alarms in the base screamed continuously from this attack..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1