Chapter 1525 - 1525: Returning To Planet Kono

Chapter 1525: Returning to Planet Kono

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As Xu Tui used the God Slaying Sword to suppress the lightning seal again, he had a new understanding of the function of the God Slaying Sword.

Just now, he had only used less than 5% of the power of the God Slaying Sword

to subdue the lightning seal. Or rather, he had erased the aura of the previous lightning seal.

Was the strongest function of the God Slaying Sword to suppress these divine seals?

The power of the God Slaying Sword was composed of all kinds of negative power auras. Then, under the mysterious sword intent of the God Slaying Sword, it formed a powerful lethality.

This made a few other questions appear in Xu Tui’s mind. For example, would the God Slaying Sword completely shatter the Divine Duty Seal if it slashed down with all its might? Would the divine might of the seal become zero? Or would it completely shatter or return to an initial state?

Everything needed to be explored.

There was also the most important question. Did the God Slaying Sword have any lethality against the top clergy seals, such as the Great Seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole or the Great Seal of the Ziwei in the North pole?

With these doubts, Xu Tui once again controlled the divine might of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole. It enveloped the 49 seals present and began to nourish each other, accelerating the refinement.

On an unknown mysterious planet, Ullr activated his lightning seal several times. However, the summoning power was like a clay ox entering the sea. He had completely lost contact with the lightning seal.

Ever since he had obtained this lightning seal by chance more than ten years ago and slowly refined it, he had been searching everywhere for so many years. Coupled with the deliberate exploration in the small universe of the Heavenly Court this time, he had only found a total of five clergy seals.

Three of the lightning seals were extremely powerful. After he conferred and refined them, he could directly increase his strength by one level and then increase his combat strength by more than 5%.

Unfortunately, not only did more than half of the capable subordinates he had nurtured die under Xu Tui’s hands, but he also lost a lightning seal. The two new lightning-type Four Satellites supernatural beings only had the combat strength of the Five Satellites even after all kinds of enhancements.

This made him feel a little lacking in confidence. Before this, there were three Seven Satellites and two Six Satellites. He was almost confident that he could sweep through the Blue Star after returning from the small universe.

Of course, Shang Long was an exception.

Now, Shang Long was still around, but the power under him had been greatly weakened.

“Connect me to Aurora,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, suddenly said.

A few minutes later, Aurora’s voice sounded in a mysterious communication channel. “Lord Dawn, you were looking for me?”

“How’s the preparation of your current strength?”

“Sir, we’ve already infiltrated according to your request. However, they are not making good progress in the Huaxia Sector,” Aurora said.

“How many Planetary realms are ready for battle at the moment?” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, asked.

“There are currently six people above the Three Satellites, including me.”

“Prepare to gather.”

As soon as he said that, Aurora became a little anxious. “Sir, some people’s identities are more secretive. Moreover, it took them many years to reach such a position. If they leave without permission, I’m afraid…”

“Their identities are not worth mentioning compared to my plan. Just follow the orders.” The Myth Ullr’s decision was extremely decisive.

After a moment of silence, Aurora agreed to this matter.

“Connect me to Raymont.”

Three minutes later, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, connected to Raymont, who was temporarily out of contact on the Blue Star.

“Get ready. Return to Planet Kono.” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, gave the order directlv-

“Sir, what about Xu Tui? I’m afraid that he will target me.” Raymont was a little worried.

“With the seal I gave you, you almost won’t die. What are you afraid of?”

“Sir, I’m not worried about that. What I’m worried about is what excuse I can use to deal with Xu Tui when I get back. Xu Tui’s current reputation was not low. According to the information, his current actions were to fight for the overall benefits of the Blue Star. It seemed to have obtained the approval of a few sectors. I’m afraid…

“What are you afraid of?” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, sneered. “Afraid that we will be beaten up as traitors? Raymont, have you forgotten our beliefs?”

“How is that possible!”

“We will eventually kill all the extraterrestrial invaders and establish the Blue Star Divine Court! Don’t worry, history will prove this! Recently, I will take the most important step! I asked you to return to Planet Kono because I had other missions,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, instructed.

A few minutes later, Raymont nodded. “Don’t worry, Sir. I’ll remember my mission! However, I still have Xu Tui and Shang Long. Shang Long’s strength is there. I’m afraid that they won’t act according to common sense!”

“Don’t worry. I have my own way of dealing with Shang Long. Complete my mission well! After the deed is done, you will become the dean of the Blue Star Genetic Committee! Not the empty shell you are now!” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

The Lord of Myths personally contacted a few important people. In the end, he called over his other right-hand man, Tarsylia. “Tarsylia, let’s begin our plan for the Divine Court.”

“Will all relevant missions be activated at the same time?

“Activate it at the same time. Although the power we brought back this time doesn’t have crushing strength, we don’t have much time left,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said softly.

Tarsylia was the God of Wisdom in the western gods. In the myths, she was the number one think tank of the Lord of the Myths, Ullr. Of course, there were more assistant-like characters. The Lord of The Myths, Ullr, was a scheming person as well.

September 2, 2140, Planet Peach.

Xu Tui and the others had been on Planet Peach for five days.

In these five days, because the Longevity Emperor’s seal and the other 49 seals had nourished each other to form a force field, the progress of refining the Star Official’s seal was astonishing. This was especially so for those whose attributes were compatible. The improvement was huge for those who were related to the seals.

In five days, Qu Qingshan used the massive amount of Origin Energy in the world and the power of Mars attracted by the seal of Star Official Huo Yao to increase his strength shockingly.

Not only did he break through to the Planetary realm of the Two Satellites, but he had also condensed three star halos on his main planet. The refinement progress of the seal had reached 55%.

Cai Shaochu’s strength had not broken through to the Planetary realm of the Seven Satellites, but the star halo of the supernova had advanced from the peak of the third level to the late-stage of the fifth level. He was almost at the sixth level. He was about to catch up to the main planet.

Cai Shaochu’s strength and aura had also increased to the late-stage of the Six Satellites.

Compared to the breakthroughs of these two people, the breakthroughs of the others were not as dazzling. Basically, they had all broken through to the Planetary realm or increased their cultivation by one level.

However, the progress of the refinement of the seals was gratifying.

For example, although Yan Lie was at the One Satellite Planetary realm, he had no problems reaching the Planetary realm of Two Satellites with the help of the Star Official’s seal.

It was also possible for him to break through to the Planetary realm of Two Satellites after he completely refined it.

Wen Xinglun and Mei Sen had both broken through to the Planetary realm of the Three Satellites.

This was especially so for Wen Xinglun. His progress was astonishing when he refined the lightning seal that had been slashed by the God Slaying Sword. In five days, he had reached 12%.

On Xu Tui’s side, he cultivated and refined it at the same time. The Mental Hammer Nova and the Mountain Nova had both improved. He was also pleasantly surprised. Perhaps it was because of the nourishment effect, or perhaps it was because of the suppression effect of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole,

The progress of refining the Mount Heng Divine Seal that had the highest progress previously was astonishing. It had already reached 99%.

It had basically been completely refined.

However, the progress of the last 1% was stagnant. It gave Xu Tui a headache.

Xu Tui stopped cultivating and slowly opened his eyes. “Ah Huang, is the news confirmed?”

“The news is confirmed. Commander Wei just sent a message! Raymont returned to Planet Kono an hour ago. The moment he returned to Planet Kono, he went to see Haren from the American Sector. Previously, you asked Lieutenant Wei to help you keep an eye on Raymont. That’s why he informed you immediately,” Ah Huang said.

“He actually returned to Planet Kono. That’s great.” He retracted his gaze. In the next moment, the divine light of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole circling in the sky suddenly retracted.

As soon as the light retracted, everyone who was originally focused on refining the Divine Duty Seal woke up. The moment the divine light of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole retracted, their refinement speed was immediately halved.

Cai Shaochu also looked at Xu Tui. “What’s going on?”

“Since Raymont is back, it’s time for me to return to Planet Kono. Principal, Raymont is the best opportunity for me to start implementing this plan,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui when he heard that. “Have you thought it through?”

“Yes!” Xu Tui nodded gently.

“Then I’ll go with you!”

Xu Tui shook his head when he heard that. “Hide in the dark for the time being. Also, Principal, I want you to accompany Mr. Qu to Mars and study the influence that Huo Yao Star Official Seal has on him. This is extremely important.”

“Alright, I know what to do. Then let Old Wen, Old Mei, and the others accompany you back?” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui shook his head again when he heard that. “I can’t use the power of the Huaxia Sector for the time being! I’ll only use the power of the pioneer raiders for the time being. If I want to use the power of the Huaxia Sector, I have to wait until I see Lieutenant Wei.”

Cai Shaochu was silent for two breaths. “That’s how it should be.” The way he looked at Xu Tui became a little complicated. “Xu Tui, your growth over the years is actually much faster than I imagined. It’s shocking.

“I feel that your thoughts have completely matured! I believe that your decision and my choice should be correct. Do whatever you want. I will try my best to support you,” Cai Shaochu said. “Thank you, Principal! Time should prove it.”

“No, history will prove it.”

Xu Tui smiled and gestured. Then, his voice rang out, “Everyone, if you want to cultivate on Planet Peach, you can continue cultivating. However, I have to leave for the time being.”

After giving his instructions, Xu Tui suddenly stared at Ruan Tianzuo.

For a moment, Ruan Tianzuo felt as if he had fallen into a swamp. He instantly broke out in a cold sweat.

After intimidating Ruan Tianzuo, Xu Tui brought a portion of people and prepared to return to Planet Kono..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1