Chapter 1524 - 1524: Long-Range Battle For The Seal

Chapter 1524: Long-range Battle for the Seal

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The 19 heads of the Spiritual Race had brought Xu Tui a total of 33 seals. It was similar to what Xu Tui had imagined. Most of the seals were mid to low-level seals. They were about the same as the Ji Shui Star Lord’s seal that Xu Tui had obtained previously.

There was only one high-level star lord seal, the seal of the Star Lord Taibai Jinxing of the West. No one’s attributes matched this seal, but in reality, everyone could refine it.

However, Xu Tui did not distribute it. Instead, he planned to leave this to Mr. Shang Long. Shang Long would definitely improve after he completely refined the sharp metal killing aura of the Star Lord Jinxing Taibai.

Of course, it was basically impossible for him to be like Cai Shaochu, Qu

Qingshan, and Mei Sen, who could increase their cultivation by refining them.

Xu Tui had basically summarized the characteristics of the Star Official’s seals that could increase his cultivation when he refined it. First, he had to match his attributes, such as Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Formula and the Suppression Star.

Secondly, it was only possible if it was related to a certain star in the solar system.

Of the 33 seals, 30 were chosen in the end. There were only three seals left, including the seal of Star Lord Taibai Jinxing of the West.

Although many people did not have compatible attributes with the seals, they could still refined it. It was just that the refinement time was a little longer. They could not greatly increase their cultivation like Qu Qingshan and Cai Shaochu.

After the final refinement, the increase in an individual’s combat strength would be smaller. However, it would still increase to a certain extent, especially after the complete refinement.

It was worth mentioning that An Xiaoxue had not chosen a Star Official Seal with suitable attributes. Previously, An Xiaoxue had obtained the seal of the Auspicious Cow of the Chinese Zodiac in the small universe of the Heavenly The refinement progress was quite fast, but it did not increase her cultivation by much.

Among the 33 seals he obtained this time, one of the seals, the Taichong Rabbit, did not match anyone’s attributes. However, considering that the combination might have some effect, Xu Tui let An Xiaoxue refine it.

After all, a person could refine many Star Official Seals.

Just as An Xiaoxue was refining the seal, it also triggered some mutations. There was still a certain level of resonance between the seals. It resonated with the Auspicious Cow that An Xiaoxue had obtained previously. It actually caused her aura to fluctuate. It was showing signs of breaking through to the Planetary realm.

However, Xu Tui personally took action and suppressed An Xiaoxue’s breakthrough fluctuations. He asked An Xiaoxue to refine it and not break through.

Firstly, there were too many people breaking through now. If An Xiaoxue broke through, the lack of Origin Energy here would affect the effect of everyone’s breakthrough.

Secondly, the Twelve Zodiac Star Officials originated from the Blue Star. This made Xu Tui, who knew more and more about the seals of the Heavenly Court, wonder if there would be any additional benefits if An Xiaoxue returned to the Blue Star and activated the Twelve Zodiac Star Officials’ seal.

That was why he personally asked An Xiaoxue to stop breaking through. It was mainly because there were four people who were breaking through to the Planetary realm. Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Yan Lie, and Yan Xuejin were all breaking through.

Yan Lie had obtained a Position Zhen of Eight Extremities Star Official’s seal. Their attributes were slightly compatible. Yan Xuejin had obtained a Position Li of Eight Extremities Star Official’s seal. Position Li’s main attribute was fire, which was compatible with Yan Xuejin.

Other than the two of them, Cai Shaochu and Mei Sen were both breaking through from their current strength. Some of them were also constantly increasing their cultivation, while refining the seals.

At this moment, the situation on Planet Peach was actually more spectacular.

Under the illumination of the divine light of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole, 48 seals with different refinement progress floated in front of everyone’s chests, emitting different lights.

Other than the 30 seals that had been refined and distributed, there were also the 13 seals that Huaxia had obtained previously and the five seals that Xu Tui had.

Most of them had obtained the seal, but a small number of them did not have it. So they could only watch anxiously.

For example, Cui Xi, Miao Huanshan, Tao Guan, and the others from the Worldly Pioneer Raiders did not have a suitable seal. Some of them were at the peak of the Genetic Transmutation Realm and had not broken through to the quasi-planetary realm.

Those who had not broken through to the quasi-planetary realm were not qualified to refine the seal.

They could only be anxious.

Of course, there was another person who did not have a seal. This person was the former principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Wen Xinglun.

Wen Xinglun was a lightning-type supernatural being. Previously, just like Mei Sen, because the Origin Domain Space had been unsealed, he had become a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Two Satellites once he broke through.

This was especially so for Wen Xinglun, who had accumulated a lot of power. His main planet was lightning, with five star halos. His combat strength was extremely powerful. The only seals that were suitable for him were the Orthodox God Seals of Thunder Division or those related to lightning-type abilities. These seals did not exist at the moment.

Wen Xinglun could take one of the remaining three seals. He was a gentleman, though. He was unwilling to take it even if his attributes did not match it.

Although 48 clergy seals were not the subordinates of the Longevity Emperor, under the envelopment of divine might, they had mutual assistance.

Under the might of the Longevity Emperor’s seal, the speed at which everyone refined the seal increased exponentially, including Xu Tui. The speed at which he refined the Mount Heng Divine Seal and the Huashan Divine Seal also increased.

The refining speed of the other divine seals increased, and the number of seals that were nourished to the various refiners increased. Then, these refiners had a close relationship with Xu Tui, or perhaps it was because they were silently in his main planet force field of mind power.

The 48 clergy seals actually began to feed the South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal. Not only did it make the South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal even more powerful, but Xu Tui’s refinement of the South Pole Longevity Emperor’s seal was also slowly increasing.

According to Xu Tui’s estimation, if this situation continued for three days, his refinement progress of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole would increase by 1%.

In that case, he would be able to completely refine the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole after staying here for half a year.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui knew that it was impossible. A third of the elites of the Huaxia Sector were all here. It was impossible for them to be trapped here for more than half a year to cultivate with Xu Tui.

So Xu Tui could only try his best to cultivate and improve now. Every 1% increase in the refinement progress of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole was a huge improvement.

Xu Tui’s main goal, though, was to refine the two great divine seals, Hengshan and Huashan. As he refined it, he vaguely felt that a corresponding force field seemed to have formed between the Longevity Emperor Seal and the 48 seals.

He felt that the influence of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole on these seals had greatly increased.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea when he saw Wen Xinglun, who was standing guard for everyone. He wanted to try the seal.

“Principal Wen, I have a seal. Its attributes are definitely compatible with yours. However, because it has been refined before, it is relatively difficult to refine. Moreover, someone might kill you after you refine it. You have to be careful,” Xu Tui said.

‘who?”

“A lightning-type supernatural being with strength as high as the Seven Satellites!”

“Ullr?” Wen Xinglun sneered. Xu Tui nodded gently. “He’s just a ghost. What do I have to be afraid of? My lightning is upright and pure. If I’m really not his match, I have to kill the enemy before dying!”

Although Wen Xinglun looked like a gentleman, his tone and attitude were extremely unyielding when he mentioned the enemy.

“Alright, try it out! The initial refinement progress might be slower.”

“Okay!”

In the next moment, the divine seal of the Thunder Division, that Xu Tui had sealed and thrown into the quantum dimensional chain after he had snatched it from the lightning-type supernatural being of the Seven Satellites, suddenly appeared. Lightning flashed, and for some reason, it was a little hostile to Xu Tui.

Due to the influence of his predecessor’s refinement, it affected the seal. The moment the seal appeared, the divine light of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole instantly enveloped it, causing it to not dare to move.

Then, Wen Xinglun wrapped his mind power around it and began to refine it with Xu Tui’s cooperation. However, the lightning of the seal was restrained as if it was wrapped in a turtle shell. Wen Xinglun’s mind power could not enter it at all.

On an unknown planet, the Lord of Mvths, Ullr, who was researchinq a plan in

a palace-like base, suddenly frowned. In the next moment, his lightning seal appeared in front of him. Lightning flashed, instantly making Ullr overjoyed.

“That Lightning God Seal has been released? He’s trying to refine that Lightning God Seal?” Ullr suddenly laughed after sensing it slightly. “Haha, the heavens are really helping me! I’ve already personally sealed this Lightning God Seal, but Xu Tui, you still dare to take it out and refine it. Did he really think that I could not summon this seal? When I summon this seal back, I’ll have another lightning-type supernatural being under me.”

As he spoke, the lightning seal above the head of Ullr suddenly shone brightly.

Almost at the same time, the lightning seal that was enveloped by the divine might of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole actually trembled and had the intention of escaping.

Xu Tui understood that Ullr was causing trouble. He immediately activated the Long Emperor’s Seal of the South Pole to strengthen the divine might suppression. A few minutes later, Ullr revealed a ferocious expression. “Do you really think you can suppress it? The few of you, come and help me!”

With a summoning, lightning seals flew out from the heads of the two lightning-type supernatural beings under Ullr. It entered the lightning seal above Ullr’s head. In an instant, the lightning shone into space from this planet.

The lightning seal that Xu Tui was controlling trembled violently. Lightning shone in all directions. Even under the suppression of the Longevity Emperor’s seal, it still moved out firmly.

It’s going to escape!

Xu Tui could not suppress it anymore.

In this situation, as long as it lasted for a minute, this lightning seal would be able to escape the suppression of the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole. Then, it would instantly escape thousands of miles away.

Xu Tui realized that he could no longer put the seal into the quantum dimensional chain with the intervention of external forces.

On the other planet, Ullr had already begun to laugh when he sensed the summoning situation. He would be able to summon this lightning seal back soon!

On the Planet Peach, Xu Tui suddenly sneered when he saw that the seal was about to escape the suppression of the Longevity Emperor’s seal. “Ullr, do you really think I have no choice?”

In the next moment, an extremely small dark-colored sword instantly flew out of Xu Tui’s head and slashed into the lightning seal.

God Slaying Sword!

The sword light that slays the gods!

In an instant, the lightning seal let out a terrified wail. The flickering lightning instantly dissipated, and about 10% of its divine might dissipated on the spot. Almost at the same time, Wen Xinglun’s mind power, which had been unable to enter, entered the seal.

On an unknown planet, the flickering lightning of the lightning seal above the Ullr’s head instantly seemed to have lost its target and slowly retracted.

“We lost contact?” Ullr’s face suddenly turned ashen..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1