Chapter 1520 - 1520: Returning To Planet Peach (3)

Chapter 1520: Returning to Planet Peach (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

With so many clergies of the Heavenly Court being released one after another, the fluctuations would definitely not be hidden from the others in the Wood Origin Palace. They might have dirty thoughts because of this.

With Xu Tui’s guidance, the Huaxia Sector had gained a lot. However, there were very few gains in the other sectors, such as the India Sector, the European Sector, the American Sector, and the Huaya Sector.

It was almost like a three-day trip to the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Although they did not return empty-handed, it was not much different from returning empty-handed. If more than a dozen seals of the Heavenly Court suddenly appeared in the Huaxia Sector, according to the behavior of the other sectors, they would probably really do something dirty.

Actually, with Shang Long around, the Huaxia Sector was not afraid of the other sectors causing trouble.

However, the problem was that there were external enemies on Ceres Star.

Although the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and the Great Xi Clan were infighting, they were also eyeing them covetously. If there were any dirty deeds in the Blue Star at this moment, they would definitely take advantage of the situation, especially the Spiritual Race.

“I’ll guard here. Bring people to other planets and control it to refine these seals.” Shang Long made a decision.

“Okay!” Cai Shaochu made a decision. “It’s safer to go to other planets. It can also minimize this impact. But which planet should we go to? It’s best if we can reach quickly through the cosmic tunnel,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes slightly when he heard that. “Planet Peach. It’s time to take it back.” A cold light flashed in Xu Tui’s eyes. He did not know if

Raymont was still on Planet Peach. It would be comfortable if he was on Planet

Peach.

He had to kill Raymont first!

“Then let’s go to Planet Peach. We can also arrive quickly from the cosmic tunnel,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Actually, I want Mr. Shang to go too! If Mr. Shang obtains a clergy seal, no matter what level it is, it will ultimately increase his strength. With Mr. Shang’s current strength, as long as he can increase it by 10% or 20%, it will be a huge increase,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Shang Long shook his head. “No, I have to stay on Ceres Star.

Otherwise, no one can stop the Spiritual Race or the Great Xi Clan from causing trouble. Also, I have to guard this place and settle the matter of The Myth’s escape. Then, I have to eliminate the remaining poison of The Myth.

Otherwise, I won’t be able to sleep in peace if we keep running out of air here in the future.”

Xu Tui was helpless. That was true.

“Actually, this matter is also easy! Commander, condense a sword light with your mind power and we’ll bring it with us. When we’re distributing the seal, and we discover something that matches your mind power, we will seal it and bring it back,” Cai Shaochu said.

“That works too,” Shang Long said calmly.

The execution power of the Huaxia Sector was very high. In less than ten minutes, the relevant candidates were in place.

Previously, Pei Tiefeng had already obtained a Divine Duty Seal that matched his attributes. He recommended two Planetary realm powerhouses who were related to the military and had outstanding battle merits.

One was Li Qingping, and the other was the Three Satellites. Of course, whether or not he could obtain the clergy seal depended on their luck. Xu Tui knew all the people that Cai Shaochu had recommended.

They were from the academics.

Ruan Tianzuo was more thick-skinned. He directly recommended himself.

Xu Tui did not say anything.

Things are different now. The secret of Planet Peach was no longer a big deal now that it was exposed. In the past, Xu Tui’s strength was limited. He was only a quasi-planet. If Planet Peach was exposed, it would be a piece of fat meat that would attract countless people.

But now, Xu Tui could not wait for someone to spy on him. He could make an example out of him and display his muscles. He might have to display his true cultivation aura.

They were still extremely careful when they headed to the cosmic tunnel from Ceres Star. Previously, the Muyas had suffered a huge loss from such an ambush.

First, Shang Long’s sword light probed the bottom. Then, Xu Tui and Li Qingping quickly rushed out of the cosmic tunnel with the Vajra Barrier that was like a turtle shell. They only set off with a large group after confirming that they were safe.

The eight Planetary realm powerhouses ensured their safety at the periphery. The dozens of core members of the pioneer raiders who had retreated from

Planet Peach quickly ran in the direction of Planet Peach in the cosmic tunnel.

Xu Tui asked Little Six to lead the way. He did not hide Little Six’s existence as a Seven Satellites Planetary realm. It was also to intimidate them. It was not good to hide his strength. With a Seven Satellites presiding over it, it was very effective in deterring the other parties.

For example, Ruan Tianzuo had been very obedient along the way. They followed Xu Tui’s various requests very well. But the strange thing was that Xu Tui’s gaze occasionally swept past Ruan Tianzuo along the way. The old thief, who was originally detestable, suddenly was not as detestable as before. He felt that he looked much better now. This puzzled Xu Tui.

Ruan Tianzuo was even more confused. He had always wanted to kill Xu Tui and get his hands on his treasures. Yet at this moment, such thoughts faded. Other than the deterrence of Xu Tui’s strength, Ruan Tianzuo also had an indescribable feeling. That feeling was very strange. It was a little like they were on the same side, but not.

After running in the cosmic tunnel for 15 minutes, Xu Tui and the others successfully arrived at the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Peach. To be cautious, just like before, those who could withstand it would go first.

Little Six could be considered an immortal body now. In any case, he could exchange his body for it if it was destroyed. Seven Satellites was also very powerful.

Xu Tui and Li Qingping, who were wearing the Vajra Barrier, were the first to rush in.

Xu Tui rushed in and scanned the area with his mind power. He understood that there were no ambushes or enemies.

“Ah Huang!” Xu Tui took out his communication device, turned it on, and woke it up.

Almost at the same time, Ah Huang’s surprised voice sounded. “Xu Tui, you’re finally back. You haven’t been back for so long. I thought you had forgotten about me.”

“How is that possible? We’re back. Report the situation on Planet Peach to me first. Are there any enemies?” Xu Tui asked.

“Originally, three Planetary realms, ten quasi-planetary realms, and more than a hundred Transmutation Realm experts were brought here by Raymont to cultivate. However, they had all left 12 hours ago. Not a single one was left behind,” Ah Huang said.

“All? Where’s Raymont?”

“Yes, they’ve all retreated! Raymont had been cultivating here and had also retreated 12 hours ago. By the way, there was a day when the power on his body fluctuated greatly. He might have broken through. I’m not good at judging,” Ah Huang said.

“He’s at the Six Satellites? Very good.” Xu Tui smiled. This way, he was looking forward to finding Raymont. After all, he had already killed Raymont who was in the Five Satellites once. There was no point in killing him again. It would be fun to kill the Six Satellites Raymont when he found him.

“Alright, help us stand guard. Inform me immediately if anyone breaks in.” Xu Tui instructed and said to everyone, “The seal is about to come out. I don’t know how long I can control it. You have to act quickly.”

As he spoke, a five-colored light flew out of Xu Tui’s head. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flew out first. To control these clergy seals, the Great Emperor of Longevity of the South Pole was indispensable.

In the next moment, Xu Tui threw out the two heads of the Spiritual Race whose mental bodies had completely collapsed. The moment the ice seal shattered, three seals instantly soared into the sky.

“Two people with three seals?” Xu Tui’s pupils constricted. There were more seals than he had imagined.

If two people had three, how many would there be among the 19 people? There would be at least 20 of them. Without the restraints, these two clergy seals were like wild horses that had escaped their reins. They wanted to leave. But they were lost.

The small universe of the Heavenly Court had been sealed and the tunnel had been closed. They did not know where to run.

The five-colored divine might of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole shone on them. The three seals immediately became obedient and stopped in the air.

“Use your mind power to connect with it and see whose power attributes it is compatible with.” The moment Xu Tui’s voice sounded, dozens of mind power touched the three seals at the same time..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1