Chapter 1535 - 1535: Killing Haren (2)

Chapter 1535 - 1535: Killing Haren (2)

Translator: Henvee Translations Editor: Henvee Translations

He had basically figured it out. He would understand how to fight next.

However, be it Haren, Raymont, or Cadron, they were all people with rich combat experience. Xu Tui had dodged four consecutive attacks. They understood that they had to change their fighting style.

If this continued, they would not even be able to touch the corner of Xu Tui’s clothes. However, Xu Tui could continuously attack them. Although he did not cause them any harm for the time being, anything was possible if this continued.

Therefore, the three of them understood that they had to change their tactics. Otherwise, it would be very difficult for them to win this battle. In just an instant, Haren had the latest tactical arrangements.

“Let’s go and kill An Xiaoxue!”

These words instantly hit Xu Tui’s weakness. Raymont, Cadron, and the other two also rushed in An Xiaoxue’s direction without hesitation. They already understood Haren’s tactical arrangements.

An Xiaoxue was Xu Tui’s weakness.

They were attacking the enemy’s weakness! The three of them were experts who could attack from afar. Almost instantly, the three of them launched long-range attacks at An Xiaoxue.

At this moment, An Xiaoxue was fighting a Three Satellites Planetary realm expert.

Although An Xiaoxue was powerful, she was only a quasi-planet. She had already gained the upper hand in the battle with this Planetary realm cultivator. However, she still needed time to defeat or even kill this Planetary realm cultivator.

Raymont, Haren, and Cadron were attacking her at the same time. The Three Satellites Planetary realm also took the opportunity to attack fiercely, preventing An Xiaoxue from dodging.

In an instant, An Xiaoxue fell into a situation of certain death.

“Shameless!” Bu Qingqiu cursed when she saw this scene.

On the other side, Little Six had just killed a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. But he could not help. It was very normal for Little Six to kill Three Satellites in two seconds. Everyone present, including the spectators, was a little flustered. There were only two people who were not flustered. One was Xu Tui, and the other was An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui disappeared again as he laughed coldly. He instantly appeared. He appeared where An Xiaoxue was standing. The moment he appeared, Xu Tui pushed An Xiaoxue out. Almost at the same time that Xu Tui appeared, two bolts of lightning and green light blasted onto his body.

In the eyes of others, this moment was an instant. However, time had become different for Xu Tui. Xu Tui immediately activated the Time Distortion Nova. These attacks instantly slowed down when they entered a meter radius in front of him. To be precise, it was not that his speed had slowed down, but that time had slowed down within a meter.

A milky-white holy light suddenly erupted from Xu Tui’s palm and covered his entire body.

Myriad Thoughts Holy Token!

Cadron’s lightning was the fastest. It instantly blasted away the holy light and Vajra Barrier enhanced by the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. Haren’s lightning attack also followed closely behind. It pierced through Xu Tui’s four layers of Vajra Barrier. Its attack power was extremely powerful.

Xu Tui only had two layers of Vajra Barrier left. Raymont’s green wind-type attack was slightly slower, but it was only slightly slower. It was a long story, but it was actually the same as before. It instantly blasted toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui ignored it. He allowed the green light to hit his body. The two Vajra Barriers shattered one after another and then hit Xu Tui’s body.

The moment it hit Xu Tui’s body, a layer of golden armor instantly appeared on Xu Tui’s body. It was the standard armor of the Seven Satellites. With a certain amount of power, it could defend against the full-powered attack of a Seven satellites Planetary ream powernouse witnout snattermg.

Raymont’s attack instantly dissipated. Xu Tui was unharmed.

Raymont, Haren, and Cadron were shocked at the same time. They did not expect Xu Tui to be unscathed even after being attacked by the three of them. Even though they were shocked, they did not stop moving. The attacks of the three of them blasted toward Xu Tui like a tidal wave.

With An Xiaoxue’s crisis resolved, Xu Tui had no reason to stand there and be beaten up.

Teleportation!

Xu Tui instantly disappeared again.

Haren was furious. He shouted, “Kill An Xiaoxue again!”

The moment Haren shouted, Xu Tui had already appeared again. The Vajra Barrier on his body kept flickering. The seven layers of Vajra Barrier that had been shattered previously were quickly materializing again. A small dark-colored sword had already appeared above Xu Tui’s head.

God Slaying Sword!

The moment the God Slaying Sword appeared, Haren, Raymont, and Cadron were shocked. They were on high alert. The three of them knew the power of the God Slaying Sword. Even though they had their own methods, they were afraid that the God Slaying Sword would hit their heads.

The three of them instantly turned into lightning and green light and dispersed. However, the moment Cadron turned into a bolt of lightning and dodged, his body suddenly froze. He felt as if he had fallen into a swamp.

In an instant, Cadron thought that something was wrong. Almost at the same time, the dark-colored God Slaying Sword appeared above Cadron’s head and slashed in. Cadron’s lightning seal instantly appeared and blocked the sword light.

However, the lightning seal retreated the moment it touched the sword light.

The originally dazzling lightning was instantly dispersed. The lightning seal spun and became the size of a thumb. It retreated and allowed the remaining God Slaying Sword light to slash into Cadron’s head..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1