Chapter 1531 - 1531: Forced Capture And Nuclear Bomb (4)

Chapter 1531 - 1531: Forced Capture and Nuclear Bomb (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Deal with it normally. Also, the reinforcements I arranged and Haren’s support will arrive soon, ” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

“Will Mr. Haren rush over?”

This news made Raymont very happy.

Haren was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse and a powerful lightning-type supernatural being. His combat strength was outstanding. If Haren came over, his strength would be greatly enhanced.

“Haren shouldn’t come over directly, but their support will arrive soon,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

“Backup? What support?”

“You’ll know soon!”

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mocking sneer had already sounded above the base.

“Raymont, are you really that timid? Do you want me to invite you out?”

Deep in the base, Raymont did not answer. He was waiting for the so-called support of the Lord of Myths, Ullr.

No matter what the reinforcements were, as long as they could weaken Xu Tui’s strength, he would definitely have a huge advantage if he led his subordinate, Cadron, out.

An ear-piercing alarm suddenly rang in the command center of the Huaxia Sector’s general base.

The emergency report had already been sent to Commander Wei Bin.

“Lieutenant Wei, radar detection control locked onto!”

“Lieutenant, the radar has detected a three-phase thermal bomb attack from the base controlled by Haren!”

“Target!” Wei Bin slammed the table and stood up, roaring. “The target is the base controlled by Ganjiv! It might be Xu Tui…’

“Warning, inform! Immediately!” Wei Bin almost shouted.

At the same time that he shouted this, Wei Bin only had one feeling. Was Haren crazy? He actually dared to use a three-phase thermal explosive inside Planet Kono. Even if it was directed, the impact was extremely shocking.

The key was distance.

At such a close distance, Xu Tui might be hit. If Xu Tui was hit by the three-phase thermal bomb, the consequences would be…

Wei Bin instantly broke out in a cold sweat.

Just as Wei Bin had thought, the distance was too short. Under other circumstances, such a warning was enough. However, the base controlled by Haren was only hundreds of kilometers away from the base controlled by Ganjiv. They arrived in the blink of an eye.

When Wei Bin’s warning was sent to Xu Tui, Xu Tui had just seen the contents when 20 glaring flames charged toward him from different directions. He had used 20 three-phase thermal bombs to wash the ground in one go.

When Raymont saw this scene, he was overjoyed! In the case of 20 directional three-phase thermal bombs attacking in a semicircle, even if they exploded a kilometer away, they would be the core of the explosion within a kilometer.

Not to mention Xu Tui, even the Six Satellites would be severely injured if not killed. Even the Seven Satellites would be blasted half to death!

This support was really powerful!

Unknowingly, Raymont gave the Lord of Myths a thumbs-up.

Xu Tui would be severely injured if he did not die after this wave of three-phase thermal bombs. At that time, Raymont would take the opportunity to attack and avenge his death back then.

Raymont was overjoyed!

It was not that Raymont was superficial. It was mainly because of the three-phase thermal bomb at such a close distance. When Raymont looked up, these three-phase thermal bombs were only about ten kilometers away.

They should be there in an instant.

“Retreat! Let’s retreat,” Raymont shouted.

On the ground, Ganjiv, who was frozen, was overjoyed when he saw the nuclear bombs flying over. However, he became extremely afraid.

He was abnormally afraid!

If Xu Tui was killed, he would not be able to escape the fate of being blasted into pieces even if he was frozen. Damn it, he was going to be killed.

Nilab was anxious. As he flew back on the spot, he cursed, “Haren, you bastard. Are you trying to kill me too?”

In the air, Xu Tui glanced at the information that Wei Bin had sent him. 20 three-phase thermal bombs had already quickly appeared a few kilometers away..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1