Chapter 1534 - 1534: Killing Haren (1)

Chapter 1534 - 1534: Killing Haren (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Settle the score?” Xu Tui’s words made Haren let out a cold laugh. “You still want to settle the score with me? We’ll talk after you can survive.”

Although Haren had already realized that it was too early for him to jump out because of a lightning seal that could allow him to advance to the Seven Satellites, he did not regret it. Only a fool would regret what had already happened.

Haren only had one goal now. He wanted to kill Xu Tui in this battle. In today’s battle, the winner was the king, and the loser was the bandit!

If he could not kill Xu Tui, the base he controlled would be flattened by the nuclear counterattack. If he won this battle, everything was possible. If he lost this battle, he would not have many choices left.

Haren was also an expert who had fought his way out of the Blue Star. He had been through hundreds of battles and had extremely rich combat experience. Almost instantly, he reached a consensus with Raymont and Cadron.

His initial state was 10 against 1. However, after Xu Tui released Little Six, Kitawan, and the others, it became 10 against 8.

There were techniques to fighting 10 against 8, too. They had already figured out the weaknesses of the guards of the Heavenly Court when they were in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

They were powerful, but they did not have enough mobility and had a single attack method. Although there were seven Seven Satellites, their actual combat strength was not as terrifying as it looked.

The focus of this battle was Xu Tui. If they killed Xu Tui, they would win this battle. If they could not kill Xu Tui, there was no point in killing a few Seven Satellites Heavenly Court guards.

Therefore, Raymont instantly made his arrangements. He tried his best to use his strongest subordinates to fight Little Six and the other seven Seven Satellites.

The three strongest of them attacked Xu Tui at the same time.

The Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural being, Cadron, the Six Satellites lightning-type supernatural being, Haren, and the Six Satellites wind-type supernatural being, Raymont. These three people were all supernatural planetary powerhouses who specialized in speed. Their attacks were extremely powerful.

Almost at the same time, endless lightning mixed with green light blasted toward Xu Tui from different directions.

This was especially so for Raymont’s green light. It was in the shape of a vortex and vaguely had the characteristics of a force field. It actually had the intention of restricting Xu Tui. To be honest, as this battle began, many people, including Wei Bin, stared at the battle without turning their eyes.

This battle was extremely important!

If Xu Tui lost, there was no need to mention anything.

If Xu Tui won, the meaning would be extraordinary.

Wei Bin was very anxious and worried about Xu Tui’s safety. He sent a message to Xu Tui the moment Haren appeared.

“Xu Tui, our Li Qingping is already on standby above the base with the Five Satellites, the other three Four Satellites, and the other five Three Satellites. He can join your side in the battle at any time,” Wei Bin said.

“Lieutenant Wei, thank you for your kind intentions. This is the battle of our pioneer raiders! Please believe me!”

Xu Tui’s words made Wei Bin stop talking. Wei Bin understood what Xu Tui meant by the battle of the pioneer raiders. This was Xu Tui’s subsequent plan. If someone other than the pioneer raiders interfered in this battle, the meaning would be different.

Other than that, Xu Tui did not want Wei Bin to interfere. He also did not want to expand the situation. This battle was the battle between the pioneer raiders and The Myth! It would not be good if Wei Bin interfered.

“Inform Li Qingping and the others to be on standby at all times. If Xu Tui is in danger, attack and save him at any time!” In the end, Wei Bin gave such an order. He had to attack when he had to!

In the sky above the base controlled by Ganjiv, the attacks of Raymont, Haren, and Cadron all missed.

Teleportation!

Xu Tui immediately used teleportation.

Although Raymont and Haren were both Six Satellites, their true combat strength was close to that of the Seven Satellites. Furthermore, their attacks were extremely fast. Once he fell into a state of shock, they might be able to instantly kill Xu Tui.

So Xu Tui had to be careful. The moment he appeared in another direction, Xu Tui’s mental hammer suddenly appeared above Haren’s head. An inconspicuous necklace on Haren’s neck suddenly erupted with a dazzling light. Haren was unscathed by Xu Tui’s mental hammer.

Needless to say, the moment Xu Tui appeared, Haren, Raymont, and Cadron attacked Xu Tui again.

Haren stared coldly at Xu Tui. The lightning in his palm shot toward Xu Tui like a snake. Although treasures that could defend against mental attacks were rare, as the number one person in the American Sector, he had still gathered them over the years.

Xu Tui disappeared again. The moment he appeared, the mental hammer had already landed on Cadron’s head. A lightning seal suddenly rose above Cadron’s head and blocked Xu Tui’s mental hammer attack. Cadron was unscathed. The seal of the Heavenly Court had the ability to resist mental attacks.

The three of them attacked Xu Tui at the same time. Xu Tui teleported and disappeared again. When he reappeared, the mental hammer had already hit

Raymont’s head. A jade token hanging on Raymont’s chest instantly shattered. Under the bombardment of the mental hammer, Raymont was unscathed.

Raymont also let out a cold grunt. After being ambushed by Xu Tui last time, he had put in a lot of effort into the defense of mental attacks.

The three of them attacked the place where Xu Tui had appeared again. However, Xu Tui teleported and disappeared again.

Xu Tui, who had teleported and disappeared, already had a plan in his heart. Although his three hammer strikes had not succeeded, he already had a certain understanding of the situation of the three of them..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1