Chapter 1538 - 1538: Raymont’S Despair (2)

Chapter 1538: Raymont’s Despair (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Where there’s life, there’s hope.

He had to survive. He wanted to escape. Of course, he still had a way to save his life, which was the immortal body that the Ullr had mentioned. However, he was not really immortal. Every time he died, he had to experience a true death. To be honest, he did not want to experience that feeling a second time.

Therefore, he would not use that method if he could.

Just as Xu Tui was killing Haren with all his might, the two Seven Satellites Heavenly Generals that had been possessed by Little Six and Kitawan were besieging Raymont.

The attack was extremely sharp. Only Raymont was good at speed. If it were any other Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, they would have been severely injured. After all, Little Six could unleash the true strength of the Seven Satellites.

It was also because of his speed that Raymont managed to escape from

Kitawan and Little Six’s encirclement in less than two seconds. He instantly turned into a green light and fled.

The moment he fled, Raymont suddenly felt a sense of danger. The space in front of him suddenly trembled and became intangible and sharp. It slashed towards him like a huge blade.

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash.

An Xiaoxue had finally severely injured her opponent of the Three Satellites. Seeing Raymont attack, An Xiaoxue immediately attacked from afar.

Although An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash was strange and powerful, Raymont was still a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He waved his hand and a green light shattered An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash.

It did not cause any damage to Raymont. Its greatest effect was to stop Raymont. And this obstruction determined Raymont’s life and death.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui had just killed Haren. The moment he turned around, he saw that Raymont had just shattered An Xiaoxue’s

Dimensional Slash. The green light accelerated again and fled into the distance.

The black eye in his left eye instantly flashed. He teleported!

Long-range teleportation.

Xu Tui appeared more than 100 kilometers away. His mind power immediately dropped by nearly 5%. But he had already appeared in front of Raymont. He appeared in front of the escaping green light that Raymont had transformed into. The green light was flying at an unprecedented speed.

Xu Tui teleported so quickly that he could not launch any other attacks the moment he appeared. He detonated a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. The moment the holy power enveloped him, the green light that Raymont had transformed into blasted in front of Xu Tui like a high-speed train.

Raymont was also dumbfounded. He activated his supernatural power and fled at high speed. He had already spread out his mind power and sensed if there were any obstacles in front of him. Even if there was a route in the terrain space ahead, he could sense and avoid it in advance.

However, Xu Tui had suddenly appeared. It was as if a mountain had suddenly appeared on the originally empty railroad track the moment the train approached. No matter how awesome the driver was, he could not stop or avoid it.

Thus, the strangest battle between Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star appeared. Raymont was like a high-speed fighter jet as he slammed into Xu Tui, who appeared like a mountain.

In theory, under such an impact, the damage Xu Tui and Raymont suffered would be equal. It could even be said that Raymont’s collision would cause Xu Tui even more damage. However, Xu Tui had the seven layers of Vajra Barrier. He had even temporarily augmented the holy power of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

In the next moment, Raymont knocked into Xu Tui.

The layer of Vajra Barrier that was augmented by the holy power on Xu Tui’s body shattered violently. Then, his other six layers of Vajra Barrier shattered one after another.

The moment Raymont realized that something was wrong, he could only gather his hands and a large amount of wind-type supernatural power above his head to protect it.

Raymont heard the bones in his hands shatter. The layers of Vajra Barriers were shattered, which meant that Raymont’s head would be hit again and again. After seven collisions, the green light protecting Raymont’s hands shattered. In the violent consecutive vibrations, Raymont’s head was almost turned into paste, but it was not paste.

However, the vibrating power was constantly revolving and vibrating. Almost instantly, Raymont’s eyes rolled back and he fainted. But because of his extremely high speed, the unconscious Raymont still slammed into Xu Tui’s chest.

This attack was even fiercer than the attack of the Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural being, Cadron. Xu Tui, whose seven layers of Vajra Barrier had shattered, was sent flying more than ten meters back. Blood spurted out of his mouth.

Xu Tui was injured. He vomited blood from Raymont’s impact.

All the spectators, especially those who wanted Xu Tui to die, were caught between laughter and tears. No matter how they looked at it, it was embarrassing! From the moment Ganjiv attacked, to the three-phase thermal bombs, to the siege of Haren, Cadron, and Raymont, Xu Tui finally vomited blood and was injured.

However, the price was Raymont’s coma. Raymont fell from the sky like a salted fish. If he fell, Raymont would definitely become minced meat. Of course, falling to his death was extremely good.

However, Xu Tui, who had vomited blood from the impact, suddenly thought of something else. Last time, after he killed Raymont, this fellow had inexplicably come back to life. Furthermore, his strength was not damaged at all..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1