Chapter 1530 - 1530: Forced Capture And Nuclear Bomb (3)

Chapter 1530 - 1530: Forced Capture and Nuclear Bomb (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Blizzard Domain Nova was already at the mid-stage of the sixth star halo.

That was not all the enhancements.

Xu Tui’s Longevity Emperor of the South Pole seal hung above the head of his mental body. An indescribable divine might enveloped his sea of consciousness. All the supernovas had been enhanced to a certain extent.

However, due to the limitation of the refinement, the enhancement was not high.

The Ji Shui Star Lord Seal was hanging high above the Blizzard Domain Nova. Wisps of divine light shone on the nova, directly increasing its star halo to the late-stage of the sixth-stage. This was a new discovery that Xu Tui had made after he had refined the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal to 40%.

Perhaps the Ji Shui Star Lord Seal had the elements of water among the five elements, but it could actually enhance Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain Nova.

Under the heavy enhancement, Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain Nova was already close to a Planetary realm powerhouse at the peak of the Six Satellites. With his extremely powerful mind power, he felt that it was about the same as the ice seal used by the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Fortunately, he did not set up a blizzard domain. Otherwise, he would have frozen and killed these Planetary realm powerhouses at the Five Satellites and Four Satellites.

In less than two seconds, the two Four Satellites and three Planetary realm powerhouses from the India Sector fell to the ground like ice.

All of them were tightly sealed by ice. It was unknown if they were dead or alive.

Xu Tui, who had taken the attacks of these people head-on, looked as if he was fine. Only four layers of the Vajra Barrier had been shattered, but there were still three layers. He had already replenished the barriers.

Xu Tui was unscathed. He had already captured six Planetary realm powerhouses from the India Sector. The remaining Two Satellites and One Satellite also wanted to participate in the battle. However, when they saw this situation, they panicked. They don’t know whether to attack or not.

The strongest few had been captured by Xu Tui. It was equivalent to having their vital points in Xu Tui’s hands. They were in a dilemma.

The Planetary realm powerhouses from the other sectors who saw the scene projected by Ah Huang were stunned. Even Wei Bin, who already knew Xu Tui’s strength, was shocked.

“The Planetary realm of the Five Satellites? Even Old Cai was not as abnormal as this kid when he was in the Six Satellites, right? No wonder he had such thoughts. He’s full of confidence!” In the Huaxia Sector’s combat command center, Wei Bin was pleasantly surprised.

Augustus, Haren, Anlevich from the Russian Federation, Huang Gu, and Maguwa from the Africa Sector were all extremely shocked when they saw this scene.

“Is Xu Tui really just a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse?” Augustus directly spoke to Erera, who was still on Ceres Star. Before this, he had already heard some rumors.

“Based on Xu Tui’s growth experience and historical battle results, if you use his cultivation to speculate his combat strength, then I think that you can eat more of the Golden Light No. 1 of the Huaxia Sector.”

Erera’s reply made Augustus feel inexplicably broken. Erera was a famous existence on the Blue Star who sacrificed her brain to the heavens. Now, he was being scolded by Erera for being brainless. It was simply…

Similar shocks kept happening between the experts of the various sectors.

“Mr. Haren, can you do this?” Maiponeo’s question from the American Sector was a little heartbreaking.

However, Haren’s answer, a Planetary realm powerhouse of the Six Satellites, made Maiponeo’s heart ache.

“I’m sorry, I can’t do it! I can defeat Ganjiv, or even Ganjiv and a Four Satellites Planetary realm. However, it might take a little longer. I really can’t capture Ganjiv, two other Four Satellites, and three Three Satellites in two to three seconds like Xu Tui.” Haren was very honest in terms of strength.

Hearing this, Maiponeo fell silent.

“Xu Tui is clearly targeting Raymont. Is it right for us to join the Myth Alliance?” Maiponeo asked in confusion.

Haren was silent. “Joining The Myth Alliance is more in line with the strategic direction we’ve always thought. Moreover, The Myth’s strength far exceeds our imagination.”

“Alright…” Even though Maiponeo was very eagle-like, he felt an inexplicable worry at this moment.

The strength that Xu Tui had displayed was too strong. Actually, there was something that Haren did not say. Joining the Myth Alliance was more in his interest. After a few seconds of silence, Maiponeo spoke again. “Mr. Haren, if you break through to the Seven Satellites, can you do it to this extent?”

“It’s… possible!”

There was uncertainty in Haren’s tone. It made Maiponeo uneasy.

Raymont, who was at the India Sector’s general base, also became anxious. The strength that Xu Tui had displayed was stronger than he had imagined.

Ganjiv was also a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He had brought two Four Satellites and three Three Satellites to attack him, but he had been captured alive by Xu Tui alone.

Fear had already risen in Raymont’s heart. Raymont immediately contacted the

Lord of Myths, Ullr. After the call was connected, the voice of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, rang out. “Didn’t I send Cadron to be by your side? You still have two Five Satellites, three Four Satellites, and five Three Satellites beside you.

Why are you panicking?”

“Lord Ullr, you don’t know, but the strength that Xu Tui displayed just now was too powerful…”

“I’ve already seen it. He just took advantage of the situation.. There’s no need to be afraid!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1