Chapter 1536 - 1536: Killing Haren (3)

Chapter 1536 - 1536: Killing Haren (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Cadron immediately let out a dull grunt, but his mental body was not affected.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mental hammer appeared above Cadron’s head. He took the opportunity to smash down again.

However, while Xu Tui was attacking Cadron with all his might, Haren and

Raymont were no longer afraid when they saw Xu Tui slash out with his God Slaying Sword. The two of them attacked with all their might again. They turned around and blasted Xu Tui to save Cadron.

In this short period of time, Little Six had already arrived beside Xu Tui. He roared and used the physical body of the Seven Satellites to take all of Raymont’s attacks head-on.

Little Six could completely unleash the strength of the Seven Satellites’ physical body. Coupled with the protection of the golden helmet and golden armor, it was not a big deal to directly withstand Raymont’s attack.

Xu Tui instantly became extremely relaxed.

If Xu Tui took the full-powered attacks of Haren and Raymont head -on while he was attacking Cadron with all his might, he could not withstand them. He could only give up on attacking Cadron and defend with all his might.

The advantage that he had painstakingly created was about to be gone. But Little Six had to withstand Raymont’s attack, and he ignored Haren’s attack.

Haren’s attack was very powerful. He could unleash the attack power of a peak-level Six Satellites. However, Xu Tui could still take it head-on with the Vajra Barrier and the golden armor.

Therefore, Xu Tui ignored Haren’s attack. He relied on the Vajra Barrier and the golden armor to receive it and continued to attack Cadron with all his might.

Cadron was fine when the God Slaying Sword slashed in, but the mental hammer that followed caused Cadron’s mental body to tremble. This was also the result of Xu Tui’s three strikes.

Cadron only had a lightning seal to protect him. He could use the God Slaying Sword to slash it!

Almost at the same time, the ice seal instantly enveloped him. The moment his mental body trembled, Cadron almost had no ability to counterattack. He was instantly enveloped by the ice seal.

Xu Tui activated three layers of ice seals instantly.

At this moment, Cadron woke up. The ice seal came and lightning flashed.

Cadron struggled with all his might. The ice seal inside was constantly melting. Xu Tui sneered when he saw this scene. He disappeared again the moment Haren’s attack dispersed the energy in his golden armor.

Teleportation!

Half a second later, he appeared in another direction. This half a second allowed Cadron to find an opportunity to escape. Lightning roared around his body and quickly melted the ice that was sealing him.

Half a second later, he barely escaped. An ear-piercing whistle sounded then. Sword light sounded behind Cadron’s head. Cadron only felt the back of his neck turn cold, and his head had already soared into the sky. His mental body was shaken again.

The Multi-Dimensional Sword!

Xu Tui’s ice seal sealed Cadron’s head again. An indescribable coldness surged into Cadron’s head through the huge wound on his neck. The ice corroded his head and quickly weakened his mental body.

The lightning that Cadron struggled to escape became weaker and weaker.

The lightning-type supernatural being of the Seven Satellites, Cadron, had been killed!

Haren had just shattered Xu Tui’s four layers of Vajra Barrier again. He had just shattered the energy light on the golden armor. Xu Tui disappeared again just as he was about to be injured.

This scene made Haren feel like he was about to break down. What a scoundrel! It was simply a shameless style! He felt that Xu Tui was even more shameless than him. However, in war, anyone who cared about their reputation would lose first. The winner was the king, and the loser was the bandit. This was the simplest principle.

As Cadron was killed, Haren was shocked by Xu Tui’s shameless fighting style. Or rather, Haren did not see any possibility of killing Xu Tui in the face of such a shameless method. Haren could even foresee that he might follow in Cadron’s footsteps in ten seconds. He would be beheaded or killed on the spot by Xu Tui.

Not only was Haren afraid of this thought, but he also wanted to escape. With the speed of a Six Satellites lightning-type supernatural being, no one could stop him if he wanted to escape. This was not confidence. This was the confidence that countless battle experience had given Haren, unless someone could restrain him.

Among the people who could restrict his movements, Cai Shaochu was one of them. This was also the real reason why Haren had always been afraid of Cai Shaochu.

Haren was really afraid now. Since there was no hope of victory, he might as well escape and make a comeback.

Haren was extremely decisive while in combat. At the thought of this, he instantly made a decision.

He had to escape!

Suddenly, Haren had a bad feeling. The realistic characteristics of Xu Tui’s main planet force field of mind power restricted Haren.

Raymont had already been entangled by Little Six and Kitawan. He did not have the time to disturb Xu Tui. Therefore, Xu Tui could already deal with Haren with all his might.

The Mountain Formula instantly materialized and blasted towards Haren.

Haren could not escape, but his strength was obvious. As he watched the Mountain Formula descend, he instantly roared angrily and lightning blasted forward.

Xu Tui’s mental body suddenly shook, and the Mountain Seal shattered.

It was shattered by Haren!

Xu Tui was not in a hurry. His body instantly swayed and expanded to 30 feet tall.

The Earth Body!

The Mountain Seal that had increased in power blasted towards Haren again.

Haren’s expression changed drastically. He instantly crushed two Origin Crystal Ability Cards and threw out a kilogram of Origin Crystals above his head. After it instantly detonated, the lightning as thick as a bucket shattered Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal again.

The paywall technique! He, Haren, would too! Haren also began to use the lightning to shake Xu Tui’s realistic main planet force field of mind power. As long as it shattered, he would be able to escape.

“Good move. Try this again!”

In the next moment, the Mount Heng Divine Seal flew out of Xu Tui’s head and instantly landed on the Mountain Seal that had just been instantiated.

The Mountain Seal shone brightly and instantly landed.

The lightning that Haren shot out was destroyed as if it was rotten wood. Then, the Mountain Seal, which was augmented by the Mount Heng Divine Seal, ruthlessly covered Haren’s head.

“Don’t kill me…!” Haren’s begging and screams instantly rang out..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1