Chapter 1533 - 1533: Iron Blood And Treachery

Chapter 1533 - 1533: Iron Blood and Treachery

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Fifteen seconds ago, in the general base controlled by Wei Bin.

After Wei Bin got the combat staff to warn Xu Tui immediately, he stared intently at the image of the general base under Ganjiv’s control. He clenched his fists tightly.

“Hurry up and escape. We can reduce the casualties in a second or two. Why didn’t you escape!” Inside Planet Kono, the satellite surveillance cameras of the various bases had already been covered. The image was extremely clear.

Wei Bin was anxious, but Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, An Xiaoxue, and the others did not move. Wei Bin was so anxious that he was sweating.

Two seconds later, the image of Xu Tui intercepting 20 three-phase thermal bombs from afar and the 20 three-phase thermal bombs exploding at the same time made Wei Bin’s held breath suddenly relax.

“Okay! Good job, Xu Tui!” Wei Bin slammed his fist on the table. He was extremely excited. The combat staff who were also observing this scene also heaved a sigh of relief.

Wei Bin took a deep breath and said in a low voice, “Prepare for a nuclear counterattack. Enter the identification procedure.”

The combat staff surrounding them were shocked. “Lieutenant Wei, are you sure you want to enter the nuclear counterattack procedure? This might expand the situation and trigger an unpredictable after…”

“Shut up! To hell with expanding the situation. Haren has already used a nuclear bomb internally! Do we have to wait for him to use the three-phase thermal bomb on us before counterattacking? Execute the order! Anyone who doubts the order will be killed on the spot!”

Everyone froze as Wei Bin shouted. An easy but chilling order sounded in the general base of Wei Bin.

“Target of nuclear counterattack confirmed—the general base controlled by

Haren?”

“Target confirmed! ”

“Number of nuclear counterattacks confirmed—lo three-phase thermal bombs in the first wave, the second, third and fourth wave is on stand-by, each wave will launch 20 three-phase thermal bomb.”

“Quantity confirmed!”

“Lieutenant Wei, please confirm the biological information authorization again!”

“Confirmed and authorized!”

“Nuclear counterattack, fire!”

Following Wei Bin’s order, 10 three-phase thermal bombs with blazing tails pounced towards the general base controlled by Haren. In just five seconds, the general base controlled by Haren was drowned by flames.

“Lieutenant Wei, the first wave of nuclear counterattack has been completed.

Please give instructions!”

“Inform the other bases that we will still abide by the three-phase thermal bomb use treaty and promise not to use the three-phase thermal bomb first. However, if there are any abnormal movements, we will definitely counterattack. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth!

“Order, all satellites, quantum phase-control radars, and quantum fire-control radars to be activated at full power. If any base moves, immediately activate the three-phase thermal explosive attack!

“Order, other than the combat staff, everyone, enter the underground bunker immediately to avoid danger!

“Order, all troops on Planet Kono to enter a state of war!

“Order, all units from the extra-terrestrial planets, enter a state of war!

“Order, all three-phase thermal bomb launchers on the extra-terrestrial planets to enter a firing state. If you discover any suspicious targets, lock onto them at any time. If you discover an attack, don’t ask for permission. Retaliate directly! We’d rather die together than sit back and wait for death!

“Order all Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm experts in the base to rise into the air and wait for orders. Enter the state of war!

“Order the Planetary realms and quasi-Planetary realms to rise into the air. There’s no need to hide their numbers. All of them, rise into the air and enter a state of war!

“Order, send out a drone team to investigate the life situation of the general base controlled by Haren!”

More than a dozen orders caused the entire Planet Kono or the entire extra-terrestrial planet to enter a state of war. He bared his fangs!

In the general base controlled by Augustus, he gasped when he saw the various urgent information reported by the intelligence agency. “That idiot Haren, does he really think that a nuclear counterattack is just for show?”

On another mysterious planet in the solar system, Ullr only saw Xu Tui stop the nuclear bombs because of the data delay. He suddenly stood up. “Is Xu Tui already that strong?” Then, Wei Bin counterattacked and Wei Bin’s various orders were reported to Ullr. “He’s actually so determined? Wei Bin is supporting Xu Tui to the death!”

In front of the general base controlled by Ganjiv, Xu Tui realized that his mind power had decreased by about 30% after he survived the shockwave of the three-phase thermal bomb. It consumed a lot of energy to block this wave of three-phase thermal bombs.

As he pinched a Soul Crystal and quickly recovered his mind power, Xu Tui looked in the direction of Raymont and the others again. In reality, Xu Tui had already locked onto Raymont’s location when he completely released his mental perception.

Although he had expended a lot of mind power to intercept the three-phase thermal explosive just now, it was not a problem for him to fight one or two more battles. The speed at which the Soul Crystal recovered mind power was also very fast.

“Raymont, do you still not dare to come out?” Xu Tui shouted.

Raymont, who was still in the meeting room, was asking Ullr for instructions again and asking for reinforcements. “Sir, I think that we should use all the forces we can to destroy Xu Tui. Xu Tui is too much of a threat. I think that at this moment, we have to do whatever it takes to destroy Xu Tui,” Raymont said anxiously.

Actually, Raymont still had the trauma of his previous death. On the other end of the line, Ullr had a solemn expression. How could he not know that Raymont was right? To be honest, the power that Raymont currently had did not have a 100% chance of killing Xu Tui.

In Ullr’s opinion, it was about 50-50. He also wanted to kill Xu Tui at all costs. But the information from all sides was that under Wei Bin’s orders, the extra-terrestrial forces commanded by Wei Bin had all entered a state of war.

Many people did not understand the state of war. What was the first thing he had to do when he entered a state of war? The first thing was to control the traffic and communication. Originally, he still had a chance to send two powerful Planetary realm experts over, but now, he could not.

Originally, he could still mobilize Huang Gu’s forces to participate in the battle through the Myth Alliance that had just been established. However, Wei Bin’s nuclear counterattack and state of war made Huang Gu resign.

The general base controlled by Wei Bin was like a ferocious beast that had chosen its prey. It had already swallowed the general base controlled by Haren.

Who would dare to charge at the muzzle now?

“I’m trying my best to mobilize reinforcements. You have to try your best to find an opportunity to kill Xu Tui at the frontline. As for you, you’re almost immortal. What are you afraid of?” Ullr encouraged Raymont again.

Almost as soon as Ravmont communicated with Ullr. an indescribable coldness

suddenly surged into the living room. In the blink of an eye, a layer of frost covered the living room.

Ullr’s expression instantly changed when he saw this scene.

Blizzard Domain! It was this move again! He had fallen twice in a row in Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain. He was too familiar with it.

“Raymont, you can’t let Xu Tui’s Blizzard Domain take shape. Otherwise, you will all die. Attack immediately!” Raymont replied and ended the communication.

However, after ending the communication, Raymont did not attack immediately. Instead, he quickly discussed tactics with Cadron.

The cold and white frost quickly increased in a short period of time. Xu Tui was not anxious at all above the general base. He scattered 3,000 grams of Origin Crystals and began to quickly enhance the Blizzard Domain.

The reason why Xu Tui had the Blizzard Domain was mainly because of the lightning-type supernatural being of Seven Satellites.

Under normal circumstances, it was too difficult to kill a Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural being. However, it might not be the case if he had the Blizzard Domain. A bolt of lightning suddenly flashed over from afar. However, it did not attack Xu Tui. Instead, it flashed into the living room.

“Raymont, do you want to sit back and wait for death?” Haren.

It was Haren, who had launched the nuclear attack previously.

Haren did not have much of a way out, so he came to look for Raymont after escaping the nuclear counterattack.

Raymont was overjoyed to see Haren. A lightning-type supernatural being of the Six Satellites was definitely an extremely powerful support!

“How can that be? I’m just waiting for you! Then act according to the plan. We must kill Xu Tui today!” Raymont was not stupid. Haren’s arrival gave him great confidence.

Almost half a second later, Raymont, Haren, and the Seven Satellites Cadron, two Five Satellites, three Four Satellites, and five Three Satellites, a total of 13 extremely powerful Planetary realm powerhouses flew out at the same time and attacked Xu Tui from all directions.

The main force attacking Xu Tui was naturally Raymont, Haren, Cadron, and the two Five Satellites. It was a super luxurious lineup.

In terms of strength, Xu Tui was only in the Planetary realm of the Three Satellites.

As for An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, and Yang Huai, a Three Satellites could easily deal with each of them. Therefore, there were actually ten Planetary realm experts attacking Xu Tui.

Ten against one!

Xu Tui smiled when he saw Raymont and the others attacking him like ghosts.

“It’s a competition of numbers, right? Actually, I have people too!” As he chuckled, Xu Tui waved his hand. The seven people in the quantum dimensional chain, Little Six, Kitawan, Lang Xu, Feng Gu, Belas, Lally, and Carillo, the seven guards of the Heavenly Court who were emitting the aura of the Seven Satellites, turned into seven streams of light and fought everyone.

As soon as this lineup appeared, the various forces who were watching this battle through various means were instantly stunned.

Seven Seven Satellites!

Was there any justice in this world?

Augustus wiped his cold sweat. Fortunately…

Huang Gu and the Planetary realm powerhouses under him were also extremely shocked. Huang Gu even scolded Xu Tui for being sinister. He did not take out the seven Seven Satellites before. He had only taken them out after the nuclear bombs and nuclear counterattack. If that was not sinister, what

If Xu Tui had revealed the Planetary realm power of the seven Seven Satellites earlier, would Haren still dare to use the three-phase thermal bomb to wash

tne floorc

He probably did not dare!

But now…

It was also at this moment that Haren suddenly smiled bitterly. He understood! He really understood! Xu Tui was not tricking him. He was attacking the Myth Alliance that had just begun to be formed.

As for him, Haren, he was a little stupid. He had been tempted by a divine seal that could break through to the Seven Satellites and jumped out early.

Xu Tui’s gaze was already fixed on Haren. “Haren, we have to settle the score between us first..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1