Chapter 1537 - 1537: Raymont L S Despair (1)

Chapter 1537 - 1537: Raymont l s Despair (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

How powerful was the Mountain Seal that had been fused with the Mount Heng Divine Seal?

Xu Tui was not too sure himself. This was the first time he had fused the Mount Heng Divine Seal into the Mountain Seal to fight an enemy.

Under the enhancement of the mind power force field and the Vajra Secondary Force Field in his body, the power of the Mountain Seal had definitely reached the level of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm.

It had at least the attack power of an early-stage Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

What if he fused with the Mount Heng Divine Seal?

It should have the attack power of a mid-stage Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. It might be higher, but it would definitely not exceed the attack power of a late-stage Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

The higher the level of a Planetary realm powerhouse, the slower their strength would increase. Even the improvement of every small realm could greatly increase their combat strength,

Sometimes, quantity would cause a qualitative change.

Xu Tui had already understood this. For example, his Time Distortion Nova was almost useless below the sixth star halo. However, above the sixth star halo, his abilities would undergo a rebirth.

The Time Deceleration was very powerful after several actual battles.

However, the enhancement of the Mountain Seal by the Mount Heng Divine Seal should be more than 5%.

This was because his current refinement progress of the Mount Heng Divine Seal was stuck at 99%. He was still 1% away from completely refining the Mount Heng Divine Seal and taking over the Mount Heng Divine Seal.

Xu Tui personally felt that when he completely refined the Mount Heng Divine Seal and took over the divine position of the Mount Heng Divine Seal, there might be a further enhancement or even change.

But he did not know how to complete or improve the last 1% of the refinement

progress.

They were in the middle of a battle. Under the Mountain Seal that had fused with the Mount Heng Divine Seal, not only did it shatter the lightning that was as thick as a bucket, but it also crushed Haren from head to toe.

As soon as the seal landed, Haren’s flesh and blood turned into mud. If he could dodge, Haren, who was a lightning-type supernatural being, would not have to fight Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal head-on.

The realistic characteristics of Xu Tui’s main planet force field of mind power did not bind him to the spot, but it made him feel as if he had fallen into a swamp. He immediately lost his speed advantage.

However, only Haren could experience this feeling of falling into a swamp. The other spectators could not sense it. The Planetary realm powerhouses who had watched Xu Tui kill Haren through various channels were all stunned.

“Is Haren out of his mind? He’s a lightning-type supernatural being. He’s standing on the spot and fighting Xu Tui head-on?” In the combat command hall of the Huaya Sector’s general base, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Yamato Sector, Masayoshi Zhongsheng, had a surprised expression.

“Masayoshi, if you think that way, I seriously suspect that there’s something wrong with your brain.” The new Planetary realm powerhouse of the Korean Star Sector, the Five Satellites, Park Jung-chang, sneered.

Although these two families were both in Huaya and were led by Huang Gu, they had never been on good terms.

“Xu Tui might have an ability that we don’t know about yet! Under normal circumstances, Haren has been through hundreds of battles. It’s impossible for him to be so stupid. He must have been controlled by some supernatural

ability. Or is there someone secretly cooperating with Xu Tui?”

After Huang Gu finished speaking, he gave an order, “Slow down the battle recording a hundred times. Get the combat staff to slowly study it frame by frame. Carefully study Xu Tui’s abilities and carry out various deductions. We had to obtain Xu Tui’s true combat strength data. This battle is most likely the most realistic manifestation of Xu Tui’s combat strength in recent years.”

The same scene was happening at the other bases. Augustus had also given a similar order. Anlevich, who was from the Russian Federation, had also given the same order.

Regardless of whether they were friends or enemies in the future, it was best to understand all the details of the strength of such a powerful opponent. This was the most basic detail of a top expert.

In the sky above the base controlled by Ganjiv, Xu Tui’s Mount Heng Divine Seal brought along the Mountain Seal and blasted Haren into the ground. When the ground shook again, the Mountain Seal did not dissipate like before.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. This might be another characteristic of the

Mountain Seal brought about by the Mount Heng Divine Seal. It continued to materialize. In the past, the Mountain Seal would definitely disappear with a bang. But the Mountain Seal was still like a mountain that was deeply embedded in the ground now.

Xu Tui’s mind power could clearly sense Haren’s situation below through the connection between the Mountain Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal.

Haren had been blasted into meat paste. His mental body was still alive, though. His mental body did not collapse. The mental body of a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was still very powerful.

A mental body wrapped in lightning was suppressed underground by the Mountain Seal that was emitting the divine light of the Mount Heng Divine Seal. It could not move at all.

Xu Tui was very satisfied. He had to punish Haren. Haren’s actions today were too evil. It almost caused an internal nuclear chaotic battle.

Raymont’s soul almost dissipated! Xu Tui was too terrifying. In less than ten seconds, the Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural being, Cadron, was first beheaded and frozen by Xu Tui. Then, Haren was directly suppressed by Xu Tui with a mountain.

Raymont was really afraid. In reality, Raymont had decided to escape the moment he saw Haren trapped by Xu Tui. Being alive was better than anything else. He had been the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee for so many years and had a deep understanding of Huaxia’s culture..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1