Chapter 1539 - 1539: Raymont L S Despair (3)

Chapter 1539: Raymont l s Despair (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There must be a secret on this fellow! If he fell to his death like this and was revived unscathed, wouldn’t this battle have been in vain? He could not let him fall to his death! In the next moment, Xu Tui, who had just vomited blood, disappeared again.

Teleportation!

Raymont had actually had a thought before he fainted. He had extremely rich combat experience and had already expected what would happen to him next. He would either crash to his death or fall to his death after he fainted.

No matter which way he died, he would not really die. He could still be revived. The only thing that terrified him was that he was going to experience true death again. He was still a little glad or looking forward to it, though. If he was unconscious, would he not have to experience true death?

However, the unconscious Raymont did not expect Xu Tui to save him.

Yes, save him from falling to his death!

Xu Tui, who had teleported and disappeared, appeared below the unconscious Raymont when he reappeared. He supported Raymont. The moment he was caught, sword light instantly appeared.

The sword light spun, and Xu Tui cut off Raymont’s arms and legs. It directly turned Raymont into a human stick! This was not because Xu Tui was violent. Instead, it was Xu Tui who weakened Raymont’s power without harming his life.

A physical body was something that everyone had to have. However, sometimes, it would become a prison. Just like Raymont now. As long as he did not really die, he would not be able to use his immortality technique.

After cutting Raymont into a human stick, the ice seal instantly appeared continuously. Xu Tui immediately used the ice seal to freeze Raymont layer by layer.

Raymont woke up at this moment. He woke up from the pain. The piercing pain of having his limbs cut off woke the unconscious Raymont up. Raymont, who had woken up, was stunned! He had thought that he was going to experience the feeling of true death again.

Although it terrified him, he could still live after death. However, when he woke up, Raymont suddenly realized that he was not dead. He was not experiencing death. Instead, he had been captured alive. The pain in his limbs and the cold air that the ice seal had immersed into his body proved that he was still alive.

In an instant, Raymont was frightened. Damn it, did Xu Tui know his secret?

“Kill me!”

“Xu Tui, kill me if you have the guts!”

“Xu Tui, kill me if you’re a man!”

“Xu Tui, f*ck your entire family…”

Raymont was courting death. He used his remaining mind power to send a voice transmission to Xu Tui’s consciousness and cursed at him. He only wanted to agitate Xu Tui so that he could kill him.

In that case, he would be free! However, if he was captured, then…

“Hah!” Xu Tui looked at Raymont, who was begging for death, and let out a cold laugh. He already understood. His method was right. Being trapped but not killed might be Raymont’s weakness, or something that he feared the most.

Next, Yang Huai should have something to do. He should have prepared a feast for Raymont!

Under the gaze of the various forces on the Blue Star, Xu Tui stepped on the frozen Raymont and flew back above the base controlled by Ganjiv. In this short period of time, Little Six and the others, who had already gained the upper hand, had already killed Raymont’s subordinates and captured them.

Without Raymont and the others, Little Six and the rest of the Seven Satellites would have crushing strength.

Xu Tui did not say anything. He only stepped on Raymont, who had frozen into the shape of a sword. He looked down on everyone. His eyes were cold. “Who else?”

There was no response from all directions. After pausing for a few seconds, Xu Tui shouted again, “Who else wants to join the Myth Alliance? Those who want to join, come out and fight me, Xu Tui!”

At that moment, Xu Tui’s murderous voice shook the surroundings. In Area 7 of Huaya, Masayoshi Zhongsheng, Park Jung-chang, and Huang Gu looked at each other. In the end, Huang Gu narrowed his eyes.

“Do you think Xu Tui might be bluffing? How much of his mind power does he have left? If we take action, is there a possibility of killing Xu Tui?” Huang Gu asked.

“There’s a possibility of killing him!” Park Jung-chang was very direct. “However, the seven guards of the Seven Satellites can also blast the three of us into pieces when we kill Xu Tui.”

“In that case, we can only submit for the time being…” Masayoshi Zhongsheng sighed helplessly.

“For the time being…” Huang Gu smiled bitterly. This matter was probably not that simple!

At the same time, Xu Tui’s voice sounded. “If there’s no one, let’s meet at the Planet Kono’s Combat Command Center in half an hour! It’s time for you to know something!” After saying that, Xu Tui added, “By the way, I don’t like people being absent.”

All the forces who saw this scene were silent. Silence was actually an answer.

“Lieutenant Wei, please do the follow-up rescue work for the two bases that were attacked by three-phase thermal bombs. I don’t have enough people on my side,” Xu Tui instructed.

“Alright!” Wei Bin’s voice sounded.

Wei Bin’s voice also informed the various parties through various broadcasts. He once again reiterated the bottom line of not actively using the three-phase thermal bomb. However, if anyone used it, they would definitely activate a nuclear counterattack immediately.

When Xu Tui landed, the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Huaxia Sector, led by Li Qingping, had already rushed to the general base controlled by Ganjiv and started the search and rescue work.

Little Six, An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, Yan Lie, Kitawan, and the others, surrounded Xu Tui. They flew unhurriedly toward the base of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. The majesty of Xu Tui’s Worldly Pioneer Raiders was vividly displayed at this moment.

After capturing Raymont, his mind power was less than 10%..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1