Chapter 1532 - 1532: The Times Have Changed, Counterattack

Chapter 1532 - 1532: The Times Have Changed, Counterattack

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s mental perception instantly expanded to its maximum the moment he received Wei Bin’s notification. His mental perception had already exceeded five kilometers. His current mental perception radius was as high as 5,600 meters.

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui completely activated his mental perception and saw the 20 three-phase thermal bombs appear in his line of sight, the 20 three-phase thermal bombs formed a semi-circle and blasted into the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception.

In a flash, Xu Tui activated Time Distortion and obtained an extremely short time to react. It was a short time, but it was enough. The moment he quickly rose into the air, he had already activated his mind power force field.

An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, and Yang Huai’s breathing became rapid. Even though they had experienced a great battle, they were still very nervous when 20 three-phase thermal bombs attacked them.

Who could block 20 three-phase thermal bombs?

Ganjiv and the other captured Planetary realm experts were also stunned. If Xu Tui was blasted into pieces by this wave of nuclear bombs, they would not be able to survive.

Nilab was also stunned. Even if Xu Tui was killed in this wave, how many people in their general base could survive?

“Commander, I should be able to stop one to two.” Yan Lie’s voice had an indescribable heroic tone. With his ability, he could only use his body to block these three-phase thermal bombs. It was a suicidal attack.

“Kid, get lost. It’s just 20 bombs.” Xu Tui cursed with his consciousness. Forty earth spikes condensed at the same time and blasted towards the 20 three-phase thermal bombs at lightning speed.

This was the first time he had intercepted a three-phase thermal bomb remotely. A shocking scene appeared. Not only did the three-phase thermal bombs accelerate again, but they also had highly agile evasive actions to dodge.

The 40 earth spikes missed. None of them hit.

Xu Tui was stunned. The first wave of interception had failed.

In the general base controlled by Haren, he looked at the scene in the projection and sneered. “How can you easily break the most advanced long-range intelligent guidance technology on the Blue Star?”

Behind him, Maiponeo felt a chill run down his spine when he saw this. He had lost control. The situation had lost control. Or rather, at this moment, his control over the extra-terrestrial had dropped to a low point.

Haren had silently replaced him as the wielder of power.

After the 40 earth spikes missed, Bu Qingqiu and An Xiaoxue’s expressions tightened. They frowned and spread out their mind power. They also wanted to help, but their mental perception, which was the range of their battle, was not as large as Xu Tui’s. It was only about three kilometers. They could not interfere for the time being.

Xu Tui was not surprised that the earth spike missed. The top technology of the Blue Star was not that easy to deal with. He did not take away all 20 three-phase thermal bombs with his earth spikes.

Of course, Xu Tui did not expect to miss all of them. The moment he missed, the 20 three-phase thermal bombs were only 4,600 meters away from Xu Tui.

At this moment, Xu Tui did not care if he had expended any energy.

The realistic characteristics of the main planet force field of mind power were instantly activated to the extreme. The speed of all the three-phase thermal bombs that entered this realistic force field decreased drastically as if they had fallen into a swamp.

Forty earth spikes appeared dozens of meters away again.

The intelligent evasion guidance technology and equipment of the 20 three-phase thermal bombs did not malfunction. They were still automatically identifying and dodging Xu Tui’s earth spikes.

However, they felt like they had fallen into a swamp. Their speed and agility decreased drastically. They could not achieve the mobility and agility they should have. Naturally, they could not avoid Xu Tui’s Earth Spike.

In the next moment, 40 earth spikes blasted into 20 three-phase thermal bombs with an indestructible momentum.

The 20 three-phase thermal bombs exploded almost at the same time.

An extremely spectacular scene appeared.

The 20 three-phase thermal bombs were circular in shape. At a height of 3,000 meters from the ground, the parallel gap between each three-phase thermal bomb was about 3 kilometers. They exploded in unison.

The light of the nuclear explosion instantly exploded not far from the general base controlled by Ganjiv.

It was 3,000 meters away from the ground and 4,100 meters away from Xu Tui. The 20 three-phase thermal bombs exploded in the sky above the base like 20 huge fireworks.

Even though it was three kilometers above the ground and the shockwave was circular, many buildings were directly destroyed. Fortunately, it was 4,100 meters away. Only a quarter of the general base controlled by Ganjiv was destroyed.

A horizontal high-energy shockwave vibrated over from 4,100 meters away.

Xu Tui floated 2,000 meters in the air and allowed the shockwave to land on him. From beginning to end, it had only shattered three layers of the Vajra Barrier.

Distance and location were very important. After all, they were four kilometers away and were not on the same level as the center of the nuclear explosion.

Xu Tui was safe and sound under the long-range attacks of the 20 three-phase thermal bombs. Below, Bu Qingqiu and An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui, who was in the sky. Their eyes were filled with an indescribable light.

This was the first time Xu Tui had openly displayed his terrifying strength in front of the world. Even his own people were shocked.

In the history of the Blue Star extra-terrestrial war, the first nuclear bombs to the most advanced three-phase thermal bombs would appear in every war against the alien invaders.

However, be it the powerhouses of the Blue Star, the Spiritual Race, the Great

Xi Clan, or the Muyas, be it the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, Six Satellites, or Seven Satellites, they would either dodge, escape, or take the nuclear explosions like the three-phase thermal bomb head-on.

No one had ever exploded so many three-phase thermal bombs remotely like Xu Tui. It had to be known that the speed of a three-phase thermal bomb was very fast, and it was also very intelligent.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui’s performance today had an extremely great impact. This meant that the top technological arms on the Blue Star could no longer pose a threat to Xu Tui. It also meant that the three-phase thermal bombs that the Blue Star used to restrain Planetary realm powerhouses in the past would gradually lose their effectiveness.

Especially for the top Planetary realm powerhouses. That meant that the restrictions on the top Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star would gradually disappear. This was probably the truth behind the appearance of The Myth Alliance at this moment.

Perhaps another different era had already started with Xu Tui.

On the ground, Ganjiv and the few Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses who had been sealed by Xu Tui finally heaved a sigh of relief when they saw this scene. They finally did not have to die with Xu Tui. Otherwise, they would have been reduced to ashes when Xu Tui had been reduced to ashes.

Nilab, on the other hand, slumped to the ground, panting heavily. He was sweating profusely. For the first time, Nilab felt so close to death.

In the combat command rooms of the various sectors, everyone watched this scene. They were first dumbfounded, then silent. Many people might not have realized the meaning behind this, but the commander must have.

The times had changed from this moment on!

In the general base controlled by Haren, he watched this scene. His expression gradually became sharp and ferocious. “He can actually dodge it!”

Haren turned around and looked at the combat staff behind him, who did not dare to breathe loudly. His expression became determined again. There was no turning back. It was also for the seal of the Heavenly Court’s Lightning Division that could allow him to advance to the seventh level.

He would risk it!

Once he broke through to the seventh level, coupled with the enhancement of the seal, although he was not invincible, he would definitely have an immortal body. Just like Lei Tian, he had an almost invincible deterrence.

He would risk it!

“How many more three-phase thermal bombs can be fired?”

“Sir… There are only 50 of our three-phase thermal explosive launchers after modification. After the first round of launch, it will take at least… three minutes of cooldown to launch again.” The combat staff had already realized something. His voice was trembling.

Maiponeo, who had already been stripped of his authority, smoked a cigar and sighed helplessly. “Haren, you’ll cause us big trouble! I’ll go underground first.” After saying that, Maiponeo quickly turned into the underground fortifications without looking back.

A portion of the combat staff left with him.

“What trouble can there be? Coward!” Haren snorted and gave the order. “That means that there are still 30 launchers that can be used, right? Pass down my order. Five seconds later, the remaining 30 launchers will all be fired. Use an irregular three-dimensional attack formation to blast Xu Tui. I don’t believe that I can’t hit him!” Haren shouted.

. Understood!” The voice of the combat staff who was executing the order trembled, but he could only firmly execute the order and enter the order.

However, almost as soon as he began to enter the launch order and verify the safety checks, an ear-piercing alarm sounded in the base controlled by Haren.

“Warning: Ten nuclear bombs have been detected and are covering our base. They are expected to arrive in five seconds. Please enter the underground bunker immediately!”

“Warning: Ten nuclear bombs have been detected and are covering our base. They are expected to arrive in four seconds. Please enter the underground bunker immediately!”

In the combat command room, the remaining combat staff were immediately stunned. Their faces were covered in sweat.

“Wei Bin, it came from the base controlled by Wei Bin! The rules. We have triggered their extra-terrestrial nuclear counterattack rules! Get into cover!”

“Warning: Ten nuclear bombs have been detected and are covering our base. They are expected to arrive in two seconds. Please enter the underground bunker immediately!”

A group of combat staff rushed towards the underground fortification tunnel in a panic.

Haren was stunned, but he did not panic at all. Not to mention two seconds, one second was enough for him!

Haren turned into a bolt of lightning and disappeared from the Combat

Command Hall. In the next moment, amidst the ear-piercing alarm, with this Combat Command Hall as the center, the general base controlled by Haren turned into a sea of fire.

Planet Kono shook again.

The clouds of smoke soared into the sky like Doomsday..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1