Chapter 1540 - 1540: Establishment And Execution (1)

Chapter 1540 - 1540: Establishment and Execution (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the hall of the mysterious planet base, Ullr stared at the scene in front of him and gritted his teeth. If looks could kill, Xu Tui might have been killed by Ullr several times.

“It’s the same again! Did this happen by chance, or did he know something?

How can this fellow be so strong! This was abnormal! He had directly captured Cadron, a Seven Satellites alive. In terms of combat strength, he had the combat strength of the Eight Satellites.

“Even Shang Long had the possibility of killing Cadron, but there was basically no possibility of capturing Cadron. What kind of hidden supernatural ability did Xu Tui have? It seems to be a supernatural ability that specializes in restraining lightning-type supernatural beings!”

Ullr was filled with anger and depression. He had failed again! The concentrated fire of the three-phase thermal bombs did not kill Xu Tui. Moreover, from the looks of it, he had not even expended Xu Tui’s strength.

After that, Xu Tui killed Haren, captured Cadron alive, and captured Raymont. This really shocked Ullr.

To be honest, could he do it? He could not do it!

And most of it was heartache. What pained him now were the two seals of the Heavenly Court. There was no need to mention the importance of Cadron’s lightning seal. It could create a powerful Six Satellites or Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural being in a short period of time.

As for the special seal in Raymont’s body, he had obtained it by chance more than ten years ago with the lightning seal that he had refined. Its effect was extremely special.

Originally, it would not have mattered even if Xu Tui killed Cadron and Raymont. The lightning seal would be summoned back, and the seal in Raymont’s body would allow him to be reborn.

Yet, the strange thing was that Xu Tui did not kill them. Instead, he chose to capture them alive. Not only did he capture these two people, but he also sealed their clergy seals.

This was fatal.

As long as the seal returned, the loss of Ullr was actually not too great. If he spent some time going to the Heavenly Court, he could create a powerful subordinate. But now, if the Divine Duty Seal could not return, they would really lose it.

Over the years, he had gone through untold hardships to find a total of three lightning seals. It had not been long since two of them had fallen into Xu Tui’s hands. This loss was huge.

There was also Raymont.

“No, we have to think of a way to save the captured Cadron and Raymont! Otherwise, our losses are too great!” After pondering for a long time, Ullr looked at his think tank, Tarsylia.

Tarsylia rubbed his chin gently. A few seconds later, she slowly said, “Sir, an extremely powerful force is needed to save Cadron and Raymont. If you personally lead the team and gather all our elites, you have a chance of success.

“However, Planet Kono did not have a cosmic tunnel node. If you wanted to arrive, you could only do so through a quantum teleportation channel. This was especially so for the past one to two days. The quantum teleportation channel that led directly to Planet Kono was in a cooldown state and could not be used.

“Including the quantum teleportation channel that we secretly set up, we can send at most two Planetary realm experts over. I’m afraid we’re not strong enough,” Tarsylia said.

“Not strong enough! Could it be that I can only sit back and watch as Cadron and Raymont are captured alive by Xu Tui and these two extremely important seals are taken away by Xu Tui?” Ullr was a little anxious.

“Sir, we don’t have enough force to attack forcefully, but we might not be able to use the pounce tactic,” Tarsylia said.

“Sir, like a spy.”

“Are you talking about… the guys in Area 7 of Huaya or Augustus?” Ullr asked.

“That’s right. If they are the spies, the possibility of rescuing Cadron and Raymont will be very high. It’s also possible to severely injure Xu Tui in the chaos,” Tarsylia said.

“Contact him immediately! It’s better to do this sooner rather than later!” Ullr felt that Tarsylia’s plan was very successful. Yes, I’ll contact them immediately, but Sir, we can’t consider another possibility.”

“Which possibility?”

“For example… a trap!”

Ullr was stunned. This possibility was indeed possible. “Let’s contact them first.”

A minute later, Tarsylia frowned slightly. “Sir, Mr. Augustus hasn’t been connected. I reckon that he’s rejecting us.”

Ullr had a gloomy expression. Actually, this was normal. Xu Tui’s performance in this battle was too stunning.

Most importantly, Xu Tui was not the strongest in the Huaxia Sector. Behind Xu Tui were Shang Long and Cai Shaochu.

“Try contacting Area 7 of Huaya. We can give them more benefits,” Ullr said.

What made Ullr happy was that he contacted Huang Gu in less than 30 seconds. As he was using an encrypted channel, Tarsylia directly expressed his intentions and promised benefits. They hoped that Huang Gu would agree to be their spy.

However, Huang Gu did not agree directly.

“Mr. Tarsylia, I actually have the intention to cooperate. However, for the time being, I don’t dare to and can’t be a spy,” Huang Gu said.

‘Why?”

“Because so far, Mr. Ullr has not displayed enough strength to convince us! For this reason, I seriously doubt Mr. Ullr’s ability to deal with crises at critical moments,” Huang Gu said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1