Chapter 1544 - 1544: Madness And Twelve Extra-Terrestrial Kills(2)

Chapter 1544 - 1544: Madness and Twelve Extra-terrestrial Kills(2)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, oh no, Commander Xu! Are you driving in reverse? The Blue Star is a democratic Blue Star. Your 12 military laws are not democratic or humane at all. Personally, I think that the military law is fine, but aren’t your military laws too harsh? Kill all of them?”

As soon as Augustus said that, all the Planetary realm experts present felt the same. This military law was indeed too harsh. Although it was only an announcement, just the contents made everyone tremble in fear.

Xu Tui’s gaze slowly swept past everyone. While everyone was shocked, he said slowly, “It looks like everyone has the same thought. Then I’ll explain. Captain Augustus, let me ask you. Is betraying the Blue Star a serious crime?” Xu Tui asked.

The term ‘captain’ surprised Augustus. He suddenly felt like he was a subordinate. “This… is indeed a major crime!” There was only one answer to Xu Tui’s question.

“If the military law is lax, those who betray the Blue Star can live, but the soldiers who died in battle to resist the invaders have already fallen into eternal sleep. Tell me, is it fair? Do you think it will attract imitators?” “This…” Augustus could no longer answer this question. There was only one answer for a normal person.

“Then Captain Augustus, do you think we should kill those who betrayed the Blue Star?”

Xu Tui’s question was very sharp. It was already a matter of position. Even though Augustus understood that he had fallen into Xu Tui’s trap, he could only give an affirmative answer. “He deserves to be killed!”

“Since he deserves to be killed, this is the meaning of the Blue Star’s extra-terrestrial military law!”

Augustus was speechless.

Xu Tui did not stop. “As for the issue of democracy, I want to deliberately talk about it. During war, during the life and death of the Blue Star Race, I don’t want to talk about democracy in the normal sense. I only want to implement military law. What I want is victory! Of course, if someone insists on overthrowing my extra-terrestrial military punishment, then kill me first before overthrowing it.”

Xu Tui’s words shocked everyone present. However, a strange light flickered in their eyes. Xu Tui’s management, or rather, his rule, seemed a little rough. “I’m not joking!” Xu Tui’s voice, which was mixed with spiritual resonance, rang out in the meeting hall. “What is needed to resist the alien invaders is powerful strength! If anyone here could kill me, it would be a blessing for the Blue Star. This was because he really needed powerful strength to kill me. It’s not an exaggeration to say that other than the Huaxia Sector, no team of Demon Slayers is a match for me. If one of you or even several of you join forces and have the strength to kill me, I’ll give you a thumbs-up. I’ll welcome you to kill me!

“If any of you, or even two or three of you joined forces to challenge and kill me head-on, the position of the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers would be yours! If you have the ability, please kill me!”

Arrogant!

He was too arrogant!

Xu Tui’s words were extremely arrogant. At the same time, the Blue Star’s Five Satellites and even the Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses present were thinking about something else. Was that possible?

Was that possible?

Currently, there is no hope.

Previously, the lineup of the Six Satellites’ lightning-type supernatural being,

Haren, the Seven Satellites’ lightning-type supernatural being, Cadron, and the Six Satellites’ wind-type supernatural being, Raymont, was extremely luxurious.

They had all been captured by Xu Tui. What kind of lineup did he have to have to kill Xu Tui? In any case, it had to be much stronger than the lineup of Haren, Cadron, and Raymont.

Do they have it? They did!

If Erera, Shang Long, and Cai Shaochu combined or if it was just Shang Long alone, they might have this strength. However, the problem was that the strongest Shang Long was Xu Tui’s staunch supporter.

Was it possible to kill Xu Tui? No!

At least not now!

At this moment, Xu Tui was really arrogant. However, he was so arrogant that it made people helpless. They had no choice but to watch Xu Tui act arrogantly. Just as Augustus, Huang Gu, and the others were speechless and helpless, Shang Long’s voice suddenly sounded.

“I, Shang Long, am the witness to what Xu Tui said today! I guarantee that no matter who killed Xu Tui in a head-on challenge and did not violate the Twelve Kills of the extra-terrestrial military law before the head-on challenge, then I,

Shang Long, will support him in becoming the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers and listen to his orders!” Shang Long’s voice was as cold as a sword.

It made everyone’s hearts tremble. This was because Shang Long was very confident in Xu Tui’s strength.

Just as everyone was in shock, Erera’s voice suddenly rang out. “I am also a

witness to Xu Tui’s promise today. Just as Mr. Shang Long said, if someone can challenge and defeat Xu Tui within the rules, I will also support him as the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers. I will also listen to his orders,” Erera, who was sitting close to Shang Long, said.

Xu Tui looked at Erera in surprise. He would be the first to beat anyone who said that Erera had sacrificed her brain to the heavens for her chest. How wise was Erera? Every choice and decision was extremely correct. She was much smarter than Augustus, who was a so-called smart person.

As Shang Long and Erera spoke, everyone present realized that Xu Tui, the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers, was completely stable. The promise was valid, but the authority was also stable..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1