Chapter 1541 - 1541: Establishment And Execution (2)

Chapter 1541 - 1541: Establishment and Execution (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Mr. Huang, actually, you can completely trust the strength of Mr. Ullr and his subordinates. Mr. Ullr is a supernatural being, and he has three lightning-type supernatural beings of the Seven Satellites…”

“However, one of them had already been crushed by Xu Tui in front of us,” Huang Gu said coldly.

“Mr. Huang, you have to understand that Xu Tui was just taking advantage of the situation. Cadron fell into a trap! If Mr. Ullr were to take action personally, he would definitely be able to kill Xu Tui…”

“Tarsylia, stop your meaningless bragging! We are not three-year-olds. If Mr. Ullr really has the strength, please display it head-on like Xu Tui. Xu Tui had defeated a powerful enemy with his strength, instead of just bragging. To be honest, if such strength only stays in our mouths, we won’t be able to bet on our future!”

Tarsylia was speechless. The Lord of Myths, Ullr, had an ugly expression when he heard that.

Could he display strength like Xu Tui? He could kill a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse or even defeat a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. However, he might not be able to display an ability like Xu Tui’s.

Tarsylia still wanted to say something, but Huang Gu spoke again. “I picked up the call to tell you something.” As soon as he said that, Tarsylia and Ullr suddenly had a bad feeling. “The matter of joining the Myth Alliance that we had previously agreed on can only be temporarily or indefinitely postponed.

“Of course, if one day, Mr. Ullr is like Xu Tui and displays extremely shocking strength, we will consider joining the Myth Alliance again. But now, please forgive me! We can only withdraw. We also have our difficulties!” After Huang Gu finished speaking, he politely hung up.

Tarsylia became anxious. If he hung up now, it would probably be difficult to contact him again. “Mr. Huang, you have to believe in Mr. Ullr’s strength. Also, we can negotiate the other conditions.”

“I’m sorry. At least Haren is already dead, but I didn’t see Mr. Ullr’s help! I don’t want to follow in Haren’s footsteps. I’m sorry, I’m going to attend the meeting that Xu Tui called. Of course, our friendship will still exist!”

After saying that, Huang Gu hung up the phone. Ullr slammed his hammer on the table. “Hmph, fence sitter!”

Tarsylia had a bitter expression. An hour ago, The Myth Alliance was like fire. Three families had already joined. But now, The Myth Alliance has become a moon in the mirror and a flower in the water.

All of this was because Xu Tui had displayed his strength explosively.

Planet Kono.

In the original Blue Star Genetic Committee’s general base.

Xu Tui only entered the general base after the inspection of the Huaxia Sector’s special forces and Ah Huang’s full takeover of all the electronic devices. It was the lounge that originally belonged to Raymont.

In the lounge, Xu Tui was recovering his mind power while purifying the Soul Crystal to recover the power in the God Slaying Sword. The spatial fluctuation flashed slightly, and Yan Lie appeared in the room. The vigilant Little Six suddenly looked in an empty direction.

Yan Lie’s figure appeared. “Commander, everything is ready over there.”

“Have you spread the information about the locations where Raymont and Cadron are being held?” Xu Tui opened his eyes and asked.

“I’ve already let those families know. It depends on their actions.”

“Yes, the bait has been cast. It depends on whether the fish will take the bait.” Xu Tui let out a cold laugh and closed his eyes again. He needed to hurry up and recover his strength. If a fish really took the bait, there might be another fierce battle!

As the meeting time set by Xu Tui approached, representatives of families and the top Planetary realm powerhouses arrived.

Xu Tui was not anxious. He had naturally only appeared at the last moment. However, the three representatives from Area 7 of Huaya were the second unit to arrive. This surprised Xu Tui.

This was very proactive. It was not like Huang Gu and the others at all. Under normal circumstances, Huang Gu and the others should be the last to arrive or not come at all. Being the second to arrive was very proactive.

Xu Tui was not the only one who was surprised. Wei Bin was also very surprised. They naturally knew about the connection between Huang Gu and The Myth. However, the reactions of the Planetary realm powerhouses in the various sectors to Xu Tui’s request were much more enthusiastic and obedient than they had expected.

It could even be said that they were unprecedentedly obedient.

Sometimes, fists were more convincing than logic!

“Xu Tui, everyone is here.” An Xiaoxue’s reminder rang out. Xu Tui instantly opened his eyes and slowly stood up.

“Let’s change our clothes.”

An Xiaoxue brought Xu Tui a brand new combat uniform from the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. While Xu Tui was changing his clothes, An Xiaoxue suddenly spoke. “After the meeting, I want to find a place to break through! I want to break through to the Planetary realm.”

Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. He nodded, but then shook his head. “Don’t be anxious.”

“I want to break through immediately. I don’t want to suppress it anymore! I have to break through to the Planetary realm to have a certain level of self-defense. I won’t become your weakness.” An Xiaoxue was a little anxious.

“No, I have an idea. I want to verify it before letting you break through. If this idea is verified, your strength might increase greatly,” Xu Tui said.

“What thought? How do you verify it?”

“We’ll only know when Principal Cai returns.”

An Xiaoxue’s gaze shifted. Cai Shaochu had brought Qu Qingshan to Mars previously.. Was he researching something?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1