Chapter 1546 - 1546: The Choice Of Being A Human And A Dog (1)

Chapter 1546 - 1546: The Choice of Being a Human and a Dog (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, Shang Long, and Wei Bin had discussed how to deal with this problem several times. Xu Tui had also heard An Xiaoxue’s opinion.

There were a few key questions about how to deal with The Myth.

The first key question was: If The Myth was defined as a complete traitor, could they all be wiped out?

The answer after many deductions was no!

Not to mention the fact that they did not know all the power and hidden bases of The Myth, even if they knew all the information, they would not be able to wipe them out.

According to public information, the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, had a lightning-type supernatural being beside him. He himself was a lightning-type supernatural being of the Six Satellites and had the combat strength of the Seven Satellites.

Just these two people were extremely difficult to kill.

The second key question was, if they could not wipe out all of The Myth’s core forces in one go, would they be endlessly poisonous?

For example, would the core members of The Myth completely surrender to the alien species? They did not care about the others. It was mainly the Lord of The Myths, Ullr.

The Lord of The Myth, Ullr, had known the inside and outside of the Blue Star like the back of his hand. Later on, after The Myth became one of the two organizations in the seven sectors of the Blue Star Alliance, Ullr basically obtained more than 90% of the Blue Star’s strategic secrets.

Under such circumstances, what would happen if Ullr completely surrendered to the alien species?

It was unimaginable! It was also because of these two key questions that Cai Shaochu, Shang Long, and Xu Tui had a headache. Originally, the best time to kill Ullr was to let Shang Long take action the moment they set off from the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

However, Xu Tui had come out late at that time, and Shang Long had been restrained by Gu Ji, Shui Zhi, and the others. He could not attack. Ullr saw the opportunity and escaped.

At this moment, this problem became very tricky. In the end, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, and Wei Bin joined forces with Xu Tui. After many discussions, they came up with the current plan.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s public trial of The Myth was the first step of this plan. He had to avoid the worst-case scenario. Of course, all of this had a prerequisite. In the mysterious base of The Myth, the Lord of The Myth, Ullr, looked at this meeting that was almost like a live broadcast. His face turned ashen.

When he heard that Xu Tui was going to publicly judge The Myth, his long eyebrows had already stood up. A ferocious glint appeared in his eyes.

“Sir, Xu Tui, the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers, has sent you a

public call request. Do you want to answer it?” Tarsylia asked.

“Yes, why not! I want to see how he will publicly judge me! If he really dares to sentence me, I might as well surrender completely. With the position I obtained in the small universe of the Heavenly Court, I would be worshiped no matter where I went.

“In the future, when my strength improves further, even if I am an outsider, as long as I have strength, I will still have the right to speak!” In just a few minutes, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, had already thought of the worst outcome.

The worst outcome would be that they would have no choice but to join the alien species. Although this was not in line with his original intention, it did not matter to the habitual unscrupulous Ullr.

A minute later, a real-time communication between Xu Tui, the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers, and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, was established.

In the past year or two, due to the many battle results, especially for the Great Xi Clan and the original Mechanical Spirit Race, they had obtained a huge victory. Their technology had also advanced by leaps and bounds.

“Heh, you want to judge our The Myth? I want to hear how Commander Xu plans to judge me!” In the communication projection, the Lord of The Myth, Ullr, sneered, his face filled with coldness.

He had already prepared for the worst. He no longer cared how Xu Tui judged him.

In the meeting hall of Planet Kono, Xu Tui smiled and transferred the communication channel to Shang Long and Erera.

A person’s name was like the shadow of a tree.

Shang Long and Erera were true veteran experts of the Blue Star. Moreover, between the two of them, although Erera had sacrificed her brains to the heavens, she was also a person who had to advance in every battle and charge for the Blue Star. She was an existence that even the enemy respected.

She could be said to be highly respected.

The two of them began to talk to the Lord of Myths, Ullr. Even though the Lord of Myths was already prepared for the worst, he became serious at this moment. Some people were worthy of respect no matter where you stood.

Erera and Shang Long were such people.

“Ullr, we have a question. We want to ask you. We want you to answer truthfully,” Shang Long said.

“Mr. Shang, please ask. At this point, I will definitely answer truthfully,” Ullr said directly.

“Based on the various intelligence traces that Erera and I have obtained so far, especially the information that Xu Tui provided, you made a deal with the Muyas and the Spiritual Race in the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

“I want to know the nature of your deal. Is it in exchange for resources, or are you selling the benefits of the Blue Star to increase your strength and even power?” Shang Long asked solemnly.

The higher-ups of the Worldly Demon Slayers present were a little surprised when they heard Shang Long’s question.

It seemed a little childish to ask this.

Was it useful? A normal person would definitely not choose the latter. They did not understand why Shang Long was doing this.

Actually, it was not just the higher-ups of the Worldly Demon Slayers present. Even the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, was very surprised. He did not expect Shang Long to ask this. After being stunned for a moment, a bitter smile suddenly appeared on Ullr’s face. “Mr.. Shang, Miss Erera, would you believe me if I said that I was also exchanging for resources and that my final goal was to strengthen myself and kill the extraterrestrial invaders?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1