Chapter 1549 - 1549: Positioning For Me To Fleece (2)

Chapter 1549 - 1549: Positioning for Me to Fleece (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui would personally execute the military law if anyone obstructed this integration or secretly caused trouble. However, the Myth Independent Special Combat Team remained relatively independent in this aspect.

Since The Myth remained relatively independent, the intelligence and communication system after the Blue Star was integrated would only communicate and not be shared with them.

Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and the others were also secretly carrying out another plan. If Ullr did not change, they would undergo changes during this period of time.

He would slowly change the previous military arrangements. As long as a certain amount of time passed and the Lord of Myths was still determined to defect to the enemy, the destructive power would be minimized.

The extra-terrestrial forces of the Blue Star took advantage of this rare period of peace to begin an unprecedented reform.

This far-reaching meeting ended just like that. However, the changes and influence were extremely far-reaching. History called the turning point of the Great Genetic Age the beginning of the Demon Slaying Era.

“Commander Xu, can we talk in private?” After the meeting ended, Ullr suddenly came to look for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui glanced at Ullr. This was the first time Xu Tui had seen Ullr. He had deep eye sockets and a high nose bridge, but he had black pupils.

A mixed-blood from the Blue Star. Furthermore, he was a mixed-blood with the Huaxia bloodline. He was two meters tall and had a burly figure. A hundred years ago, he would definitely have made many people scream. Now, the men of Huaxia were not inferior to him at all.

“Shall we talk in private?”

Xu Tui sneered. He did not hide his coldness toward Ullr. “You’re so confident. Aren’t you afraid that I’ll kill you in private?”

Ullr glanced at Xu Tui, then turned around to look at Shang Long. “I believe in Commander Xu, and I believe in the promise of Mr. Shang and Miss Erera! Of course, I’m also very confident in my strength!” Ullr said.

“You’re that confident?” Xu Tui’s eyes turned cold. His aura instantly locked onto Ullr. “Since you’re so confident, why don’t you challenge me now? If you defeat or kill me, the position of the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers will be yours. Do you dare?”

Xu Tui’s eyes were filled with provocation.

“Haha, based on the current situation, I can’t kill Commander Xu! However, it’s also very difficult for Commander Xu to kill me. It’s almost impossible. My confidence is that Commander Xu can’t kill me!” As he spoke, Ullr laughed dryly.

“Why don’t you try?” Xu Tui slowly approached.

Ullr was not afraid at all. “I’ll definitely challenge you if I have the chance in the future! But now, I want to talk to you!”

Xu Tui looked at Ullr and nodded slowly. He could already guess what Ullr had discussed with him in private. There might be a deal. Moreover, Xu Tui did not like Ullr by nature. But now, he had to sit down and talk to someone he did not like.

In the past, he cultivated crazily to increase his strength because he wanted to obtain greater freedom. However, the stronger one was, the harder it was to do whatever they wanted. Ten minutes later, Xu Tui and Ullr sat in the living room of the general base.

Other than Xu Tui and Ullr, there was no one else in the hall.

“Tell me.”

“Commander Xu, what do I have to do for you to be willing to let Cadron and Raymont go?” Ullr asked.

Xu Tui’s expression suddenly turned cold when he heard that. He knocked on the table with the joint of his index finger to remind Ullr. “Ullr, it looks like you haven’t figured out your own position.”

“Are you the regiment commander?” Ullr sneered.

“No, it has nothing to do with the regiment commander! Who had the initiative? I know that you want to have a private chat with me because of Cadron and Raymont. However, if you are talking to me with this attitude, I am not willing to waste a minute with you. My time is precious! If you’re smart, state a price until I’m satisfied,” Xu Tui said.

Ullr had a dark gaze. Xu Tui was too complicated. Even now, he still could not figure him out. There was a hot-blooded side and even moments of recklessness. And sometimes, he was so sly that it made him doubt his life.

Like now.

How f*cking difficult to deal with!

Xu Tui was asking for an exorbitant price by asking him to quote his own price. Furthermore, he was the kind who took the initiative to give him meat. How much would he be scammed?

At this moment, Ullr was really unhappy. However, he had no choice. Cadron was too important. Lightning-type supernatural beings were rare to begin with. There were even fewer lightning-type supernatural beings in the Five Satellites and even the Six Satellites. He did not have many of them after so many years of nurturing.

If Cadron was gone, the losses were huge. Most importantly, if Cadron was gone, the lightning seal that he had spent a lot of effort to find would fall into Xu Tui’s hands again. He could sense that the connection with the lightning seal that had landed in Xu Tui’s hand had been severed.

If he lost another one, he would really suffer a huge loss.

“Okay!” Ullr was also a formidable figure. Some things were just inanimate objects. As long as the person was around, everything was there. Seven Satellites’ lightning-type supernatural being was the top combat strength. He had to fight for it.

“Commander Xu, let me state my request first. I want Cadron. Yes, Cadron’s seal must be there. I also want Raymont, including the seal in Raymont’s body and the one that you snatched away previously.” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, raised his request first.

“Hah!” Xu Tui sneered.. He suddenly leaned forward and said, “Why don’t I give you my head too? How about that?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1