Chapter 1543 - 1543: Madness And The Twelve Extra-Terrestrial Kills (1)

Chapter 1543 - 1543: Madness and the Twelve Extra-terrestrial Kills (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The word “execution” shocked all the Planetary realm powerhouses present. While everyone was in shock, Xu Tui activated the Longevity Emperor Seal in public. As soon as the huge seal appeared, divine might overflowed. Everyone felt an inexplicable pressure from the Longevity Emperor’s seal.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He had also activated the Mount Heng Divine Seal and revealed it. This was no longer a secret. It did not matter if it was revealed. However, the moment the Mount Heng Divine Seal appeared, an indescribable pressure spread in all directions, causing everyone present to tremble.

As expected, the divine might of a high-refinement seal was stronger and more specific. Under the suppression of the divine might of the two seals, Xu Tui released Haren’s mental body.

The moment Haren’s mental body was released, it was enveloped by a beam of divine light that Xu Tui activated with the Mount Heng Divine Seal. He could move within the range of this beam of divine light, but he could not walk out of the restraints of this circle of divine light.

Haren was also a formidable figure. He had thought a lot during the half an hour he had been captured. He was not too flustered. Instead, he stared at Xu Tui and shouted, “Xu Tui, what do you want?”

Xu Tui ignored Haren. Instead, he said to everyone, “The first person we have to deal with is Haren! Why do we have to deal with him? It was because Haren was the first war criminal to fire three-phase thermal bombs at his own people since the Blue Star fought against the extraterrestrial invaders in the past hundred years. He was also a war criminal who could detonate an extra-terrestrial nuclear explosion.

“We have to punish such war criminals severely! From this moment on, the first rule of the military law will be promulgated. From today onwards, the targets of the three-phase thermal bombs and the various high-energy killing arms on the Blue Star can only be extraterrestrial invaders or traitors!”

Xu Tui suddenly pointed at Haren’s mental body and said, “In the name of the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers, I sentence Haren to death! Those who object, raise your hands!”

The entire meeting hall was extremely silent. All the participants looked at Xu Tui, then at Haren. All of them had extremely complicated thoughts. However, none of them raised their hands.

Basically, Xu Tui was right to deal with Haren. Haren had taken the risk to focus fire on Xu Tui with the three-phase thermal bombs. Under the high tension of all parties, it would really trigger a destructive battle.

No one raised their hands, but Haren became anxious. He could not let it end just like that.

“Xu Tui, I admit that I was impulsive, but I was also tempted by the Lord of The Myths, Ullr! Please give me a chance to atone for my crimes! I am willing to serve the Blue Star with my strength of the Six Satellites Planetary realm! This is real! I’m willing to use my strength to charge forward for the Blue Star!” Haren said sincerely. After thinking for a long time, he felt that this was his only way out.

He could not cry, shout angrily, or even kneel down and beg for mercy. The people-in-charge of the extra-terrestrials and the people-in-charge of the Demon Slayers Special Forces looked at Xu Tui.

Haren’s words made sense. There were very few Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses who were also the main force at the frontline. At the critical moment, having another Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse could even save him from death.

After all, up until now, the number of Six Satellites Planetary realm experts in the Blue Star could be counted on one hand. There were only Shang Long, Erera, Haren, Cai Shaochu, and Ullr.

Even if they counted Augustus, Anrevich, and Ruan Tianzuo, who were about to break through to the Six Satellites, they only had eight people. It was extremely rare.

The captains of the various Demon Slayer’ teams looked at Xu Tui. They had the same intention. Haren also looked expectant. At this moment, as long as he could survive, there was still hope!

Unfortunately, Xu Tui’s attitude was more determined than everyone else.

“My opinion is very clear. Some mistakes can be made! However, some things are principles and the bottom line. Anyone who touches them will die! Today is Haren’s death!” As Xu Tui said this firmly, a golden Small God Slaying Sword suddenly appeared behind his head. It slowly flew out and stabbed toward

Haren.

The sword slowly approached. Haren, who had been extremely calm just now, was really flustered now. He could sense Xu Tui’s determination to kill him. “Xu Tui, I can really work! I can release my mental body…”

Swish!

The Small God Slaying Sword gently pierced through Haren’s mental body. In an instant, Haren’s mental body was pierced through like a bubble and began to rapidly dissipate.

Xu Tui did not waste it in front of everyone. He used the condensation technique and immediately condensed more than ten mind power Origin Crystals. The lightest one was more than six grams.

It had been many years since high -level Planetary realm powerhouses had died in battle on the Blue Star. Today, a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was executed by Xu Tui.

“Those who violate military law will definitely die!” Xu Tui spread out his fingers and grabbed the 60-odd grams of special mind power Origin Crystal. He held it in his hand, but his cold gaze swept past everyone.

“The second rule of military law is that those who betray the Blue Star will be killed!

“The third rule of military law is that those who escape at the last minute will be killed!

“The fourth rule of military law is that those who delay the opportunity will be killed!

“The fifth rule…

Xu Tui announced the 12 military rules in one go. At the end of each military rule, there was the word ‘kill’. Every word made the expressions of the Planetary realm powerhouses present change.

In the end, some people were already dumbfounded.

When Xu Tui announced the last sentence of the military law, Augustus, the captain of the European Sector’s Demon Slayer Team, could no longer hold it in..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1