Chapter 1548 - 1548: Positioning For Me To Fleece (1)

Chapter 1548 - 1548: Positioning for Me to Fleece (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Actually, it was not just the Lord of The Myth, Ullr. Many Planetary realm powerhouses watched this live broadcast meeting, even some of the people at the meeting felt that Shang Long and Erera might have joined forces to set up a trap for Ullr.

If he tricked Ullr over, he would be able to solve the big problem of The Myth once and for all. That way, the Planetary realm power of the Blue Star in the extra-terrestrial would completely belong to the Worldly Demon Slayers. He could really clench the strongest power of the Blue Star into a fist!

But would that really happen?

The answer was no.

Not only did the Lord of Myths, Ullr, arrive at Planet Kono safely, but he also arrived at the meeting venue of Planet Kono safely. There was no ambush, nor did they fall out.

Shang Long and Erera had indeed guaranteed Ullr’s safety. The Myth Charity Organization led by Ullr successfully became the Blue Star Independent Special Force. He was not under the direct command of Xu Tui, the regiment commander. However, he had to implement the decision made by the staff team of the Demon Slayer Regiment.

The condition was that The Myth had to stand firm and implement the 12 extra-terrestrial killing laws that Xu Tui had set.

During the meeting, Ullr clarified the power of his subordinates for the first time.

Other than the captured Cadron, there was currently one Seven Satellites, one Six Satellites, three Five Satellites, five Four Satellites, seven Three Satellites, eight Two Satellites, and fourteen One Satellite.

The number of Planetary realm powerhouses with One and Two Satellites was very shocking, but it was understandable. In the past year or two, the number of powerhouses on the Blue Star who had broken through to the Planetary realm was comparable to the total number of people in the past 60 years.

However, the number of Planetary realm powerhouses in the Three Satellites, Four Satellites, and Five Satellites was very shocking.

Even the Huaxia Sector could not compare to this number.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, said that a third of it was related to the Heavenly Seal. It was not too shocking. However, it could be foreseen that Ullr would definitely hide the number of experts under him. It would be incorrect if he told the truth.

Speaking of which, which sector on the Blue Star did not have some hidden forces?

At this point, both Ullr and a portion of the Planetary realm powerhouses finally heaved a sigh of relief.

Shang Long and Erera’s joint promise was still valid. Some people could be trusted in this matter. This was also the reason why Shang Long and Erera truly guaranteed the safety of Ullr.

Trust was very difficult to establish. It collapsed very quickly. Sometimes, it might collapse in seconds.

Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui, Wei Bin, Augustus, Ullr, and the others could all play tricks on each other. Sometimes, they could go back on their word because of war. However, Shang Long and Erera could not!

They were benchmarks, trust, the cornerstone of cooperation. Therefore, their guarantee had to be effective. Otherwise, the Worldly Demon Slayers that Xu Tui had formed might have been split overnight.

The Worldly Demon Slayer Team was thus established. They had eight special forces and an independent special forces under them.

They were the Worldly Special Force. The commander was Xu Tui. It was worth mentioning that Shang Long and Erera had also joined the Worldly Special Force as combat staff officers.

The captain of the Huaxia Sector’s special forces was Cai Shaochu, and the staff officer was Wei Bin.

The captain of the American Sector’s special combat team was Haydoff, the Five Satellites, and the staff officer was Maiponeo.

The captain of the European Sector’s special forces was Augustus, the peak of the Five Satellites, and the staff officer was Doge Antheus.

The captain of the Russian Federation’s special forces was Anlevich, and the staff officer was Plesian.

The captain of the India Sector’s special forces was Ganjiv, and the staff officer was Nilab.

The captain of the Africa Sector’s special combat team was Maguwa, the Four Satellites, and the staff officer was Cabanda.

The captain of the Huaya Sector 7 Special Combat Team was Huang Gu, and the staff officer was Masayoshi Zhongsheng and Park Jung-chang.

The Myth Blue Star Independent Special Combat Team’s captain was Ullr, and the staff officer was Tarsylia.

In terms of framework, this organization was not much different from the previous Blue Star’s seven sectors. However, in the past, other than the Huaxia Sector, the extra-terrestrial forces of these special forces had internal strife.

For example, Haren and Maiponeo were an example of the power struggle between the strongest Planetary realm powerhouse and the original person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial.

Now, Xu Tui made this point clear. The leadership of the extra-terrestrial was all transferred to the strongest Planetary realm powerhouses. The original person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial was appointed as an advisor.

Xu Tui had also given Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, and Wei Bin the bottom line. No one could reach into the Blue Star. The Blue Star was still the same as before. The expansion and development of the extra-terrestrial depended on one’s abilities.

What changed at the same time was the relaxed state of the Alliance in the past.

In the past, although it was an alliance, they basically fought for themselves. Even if there was a unified operation, they would only give out missions and targets. Everyone would act on their own how to achieve them.

But now, in terms of combat, communication, and intelligence, they all belonged to the Worldly Demon Slayers.

Xu Tui and the captains had already begun the emergency integration.

The communication and intelligence personnel of the various families would be consolidated into the communication department and the intelligence department of the Worldly Demon Slayers in a short period of time.

After the resources were combined, communication in terms of intelligence and communication would be more timely and efficient.

However, integration also required time. There were even benefits involved. However, Xu Tui also said something harsh. He was waiting, waiting for the first candidate to sacrifice his flag to the extra-terrestrial..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1