Chapter 1542 - 1542: Establishment And Execution (3)

Chapter 1542 - 1542: Establishment and Execution (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Could it be related to the seal that Qu Qingshan had obtained?

An Xiaoxue was also extremely smart.

The meeting hall of the Blue Star Genetic Committee on Planet Kono was basically filled with people. According to Xu Tui’s request, Planetary realm powerhouses above the Five Satellites in the various sectors had to attend the meeting.

Those who could not reach the scene could also participate in the meeting through real-time projection.

Even Cai Shaochu and Shang Long were sitting here in a virtual projection.

Sitting here were Ganjiv from the India Sector, who had just been released by Xu Tui, and another new Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the American Sector, Haydoff.

Ruan Tianzuo from the Huaxia Sector was also present, including Huang Gu, Masayoshi Zhongsheng, and the others. The door of the meeting room suddenly opened. Xu Tui, who was wearing the combat uniform of the pioneer raiders, walked straight into the meeting hall.

Behind him were Little Six and Kitawan, two of the Seven Satellites. They were extremely powerful. It was also at this moment that something unexpected happened to Xu Tui.

Ganjiv, who had been captured and released by Xu Tui previously, was the first to stand up and applaud enthusiastically. This applause caused Huang Gu and the others to stand up and applaud. In an instant, all the Planetary realm powerhouses in the hall stood up and applauded.

Even Xu Tui, who had been on the battlefield for a long time, was a little surprised by this scene.

These guys were too good at adapting to the situation, right?

Ganjiv had been negotiating a cooperation with Raymont a while ago.

But now…

The applause was very enthusiastic. Xu Tui lowered his palm slightly before the applause slowed down.

“Everyone, 1 Deneve tnat you nave alreaay seen wnat nappenea previously! There are two main reasons why I have gathered you here today. The first thing was to establish the Worldly Demon Slayers.

“What was demon slaying? Those extraterrestrial invaders, and those who wanted to destroy the Blue Star were demons. That was the Worldly Demon Slayers! Under the Worldly Demon Slayers, there are eight special forces.

“For every special force, the captain or vice-captain will be the Five Satellites Planetary realm or the strongest person in the various sectors. All the other Planetary realm experts would be members.

“They would accept the unified command of the Worldly Demon Slayers! I am the regiment commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers. Mr. Shang Long and Erera are the vice-captains. The extra-terrestrial personnel of the various sectors will be the senior combat staff officers, and Cai Shaochu will be the chief of staff.

“This was the basic structure. It would be adjusted according to the changes in the future. As for the reason for establishing the Worldly Demon Slayers, look at the projection. There are detailed reasons inside!

“There were only two goals for the Worldly Demon Slayers—defend and attack. Defend the Blue Star, defend the solar system, and kill your way out of the solar system!”

With Ah Huang’s cooperation, some of the information about the Origin Domain seal, the problem of the Sun Guardian, the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system, and the situation of the Heavenly Court were revealed.

This little-known news shocked everyone.

“This is the basic framework. If you have any objections or don’t want to join, I can solve it on the spot!”

Xu Tui’s words were filled with killing intent. Even the stupidest person would understand what Xu Tui meant by ‘solving the problem on the spot’.

Who dared to have any objections? After witnessing the strength that Xu Tui had unleashed previously, they had to hold back their objections.

For example, Huang Gu and Ganjiv were the first to agree. They were the first to express their support. They were faster than Wei Bin. Xu Tui did not care if they were sincere or not. As long as they joined, he would have plenty of ways to deal with them.

Of course, his fists had to be hard!

It had to be hard!

Soon, they expressed their stance. No one had any objections.

Those who had objections looked at Ganjiv and had no objections.

Xu Tui had easily captured a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Who would have any objections? Not to mention that even the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Cadron, had been captured.

“Worldly Demon Slayer goes by the military law! However, before I issue the various military laws, I have to do something with everyone. Execute Haren and Raymont!”

As soon as these words were spoken, they immediately shocked everyone..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1