Chapter 1547 - 1547: The Choice Of Being A Human And A Dog (2)

Chapter 1547 - 1547: The Choice of Being a Human and a Dog (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Of course, I have a lot of selfish motives. I want to become the ruler of the Blue Star.” Currently, Ullr, who was about to lose his reputation and walk on a path of no return, spoke with sincerity.

However, the problem was, would Xu Tui, Shang Long, and the others believe him?

Everyone had different opinions when they heard Ullr’s words. Some believed him, some did not, and some were curious. After all, Shang Long had said that Ullr had made a deal with the extraterrestrial invaders. He must have made a deal.

This was also why Ullr was prepared to lose his reputation.

As Xu Tui became the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers, he had already controlled the high ground of opinion. Coupled with the support of Shang Long and Erera, it would only take a few words for Ullr’s reputation to be ruined.

However, everyone looked at Shang Long and Erera on the communication broadcast. Their attitudes determined what was going to happen next. Erera stopped her chest on the table and rested her chin on her hand. She looked at Shang Long.

Shang Long smiled calmly and said, “I believe you!”

As soon as these words were spoken, not only did many Planetary realm powerhouses find it unbelievable, but even the Lord of Myths, Ullr, found it unbelievable! He even subconsciously asked, ‘Mr. Shang, do you believe me?” Ullr was stunned.

“I’m willing to believe you!” Shang Long confirmed again.

This time, it was Ullr’s turn to be surprised. He rubbed his hands in shock. He did not know what to say. His worst-case scenario seemed to…

“Mr. Shang, why… why do you believe me?”

“I believe you because I believe that you might be blinded by greed, but at least you’re still a Blue Star human.”

“But… but aren’t you going to judge me?” Ullr asked.

“I judged you to clarify the problem! Let me ask you. Are you willing to believe me?” Shang Long asked.

“Yes!” Ullr gave an answer without hesitation.

This was a public live broadcast. A person like Shang Long had the same character as his sword. He would not believe Xu Tui, but he was definitely willing to believe Shang Long.

“Alright, since you’re willing to believe me, I’ll give you two promises. The first promise is that if you can defeat Xu Tui within the rules in the future, the position of the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers will belong to you,” Shang Long said.

“Really?” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, became anxious.

“Really!” This time, it was Xu Tui who answered. “You can even form a party. You can challenge me at any time with three people or within three people. If you can defeat me, the position of regiment commander will be yours.” Xu Tui’s voice rang out.

Actually, Xu Tui was very depressed when he gave this answer. According to his original intentions, it would be the most comfortable and refreshing if he captured Ullr and killed him with one strike.

However, the big picture…

To be honest, Xu Tui hated giving in for the sake of the big picture. But now, he had to give in again. Especially after being the commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers. He had probably become what he hated the most.

However, after deducing many plans, even if Shang Long took action, he did not have a 100% chance of killing Ullr.

A lightning-type supernatural being had a powerful life-saving ability. If Xu Tui cooperated with Shang Long, there was a 90% chance that he could kill Ullr.

However, would Ullr fall into the trap? With Ullr’s cunning, it was difficult!

In order to prevent Ullr, who knew all the military secrets of the Blue Star, from being forced into a corner and completely sided with the extraterrestrial invaders, Shang Long, Wei Bin, and the others came up with such a way to retreat.

After all, a sinister figure like Ullr was extremely unwilling to completely surrender to the alien species and become a second -class citizen. As long as he could stabilize Ullr, he would have plenty of opportunities to deal with him in the future!

“Is that true?” Ullr looked at Shang Long and Erera in surprise. In his opinion, Xu Tui’s promise did not count. Only Shang Long and Erera’s public promise counted.

“Yes!”

“Yes!” Erera also spoke.

The Lord of Myths was overjoyed. Who would be willing to be a dog if they could be a human? He was familiar with history. Ordinary surrenderers did not have a good ending, let alone those from other races.

“My second promise to you is that from today onwards, if you can continue to fight against the alien species with us and insist on your position, no longer trade with the alien species privately, then, The Myth will still be our comrade!” Shang Long said.

“Really?” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, was shocked.

“Really!” Shang Long’s answer was very certain, but Xu Tui had a depressed expression. If he could find Ullr, he would definitely use all his trump cards and think of a way to kill him. However, he could not find it, nor did he have absolute confidence. He could only accept the plans of Wei Bin, Cai Shaochu, and Shang Long.

“Really, but the prerequisite is that you have to stand your ground!” Erera added.

“I can stand my ground!” Ullr agreed without much consideration.

The worst-case scenario was to completely surrender to the alien species. Ullr would not do that unless he was in a desperate situation. Moreover, there was another problem. How many people under him would surrender with him?

It was hard to say! It might not even be half. Those who joined The Myth were actually people with ideals and principles among genetic cultivators. Their dream could be simply summarized as becoming a god-like existence through genetic evolution.

This was also the original purpose of The Myth.

For example, Shamera! He wanted to become a god, not a dog! Therefore, he agreed readily to Shang Long’s request.

“Then do you dare to come to the meeting venue?” Shang Long asked directly. This question stumped the Lord of Myths, Ullr. He did not dare to give an answer for a long time. “If you don’t even dare to come to the scene, how can we fight side by side?” Shang Long sneered.

To be honest, Ullr had his own worries. He was worried that this was a trap. What if Shang Long used his reputation to lure him over and kill him?

Was there such a possibility? Yes! Was it possible that it was Shang Long’s sincerity? It is!

Therefore, Ullr hesitated! Ullr understood that this was the intersection of his life. It was a crossroads that determined whether he was a human or a dog, or whether he lived or died.

Shang Long was not in a hurry. He quietly waited for Ullr to make a decision. After a while, Ullr said again, “As long as Mr. Shang and Miss Erera personally promise to guarantee my safety, I will dare to go!”

Why did he say that? This was because in Ullr’s opinion, Wei Bin, Augustus, Huang Gu, and the others actually had the attributes of politicians. Only Erera and Shang Long were true experts!

The strong had always kept their promises.

“I guarantee in the name of the Fire God, Gavro, that as long as you dare to come, I will guarantee your safety. As long as you insist on your position, I will guarantee your rights!” Erera said directly. As long as you dare to come, no matter what happens next, I guarantee your safety before you leave Planet Kono!” Shang Long also said.

“Okay!” This time, Ullr was completely relieved. “By the way, Mr. Shang, I want to ask you a question. If I were to fight alongside you, what would my identity be? What would the identity of The Myth be?”

“The Blue Star’s Myth Independent Special Combat Team. It has to obey the command of the Worldly Demon Slaying Group’s staff team during wartime, ” Shang Long gave an answer.

He was not obeying Xu Tui. Instead, they would listen to the staff of the

Worldly Demon Slayers during wartime.

This time, Ullr was truly relieved.

“Alright, I’ll go, but I have to bring someone!”

“I have no problem with you bringing everyone along,” Shang Long said.

“Mr. Shang, I have another request. I wonder if you can agree?”

“Speak!”

“Can you return the seal on Cadron that Xu Tui captured previously to me?”

“Can you be any more shameless? That’s my spoils of war. If you want it, come and challenge me. If you win, it will be yours.” Xu Tui’s cold laugh rang out.

Ullr looked at Shang Long.

“As Xu Tui said, this is his spoils of war.” Shang Long rejected Ullr.

Hearing this, Ullr heaved a sigh of relief. This was his last test. If Shang Long and Xu Tui would immediately agree to this bottomless request, then all of Shang Long’s promises would definitely be a trap.

What awaited him was definitely a siege. However, his refusal represented the sincerity of Shang Long and the others.

“Alright, thank you for your trust in me, Mr. Shang and Miss Erera. I’ll be right there!” Ullr ended the communication after he finished speaking. He really wanted to go over.

After the communication ended, Shang Long, Wei Bin, and Cai Shaochu all looked at Xu Tui. There was a hint of apology in their eyes. This was politics. This was also a concession that they had to make in order to resist the extraterrestrial invaders..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1