Chapter 1545 - 1545: Madness And The Twelve Extra-Terrestrial Kills (3)

Chapter 1545 - 1545: Madness and the Twelve Extra-terrestrial Kills (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

With the support of the two experts from the Blue Star and Xu Tui’s powerful strength, who would dare to make things unstable? The Lord of Myths, Ullr, who had also seen this scene, slammed his fist onto the table. Lightning shone in all directions, and the table turned into powder. However, Ullr’s anger did not decrease.

In just an hour, not only had his plan of the Divine Court been completely shattered, but Xu Tui had also basically unified the high-end combat strength of the Blue Star.

An indescribable sense of powerlessness filled his heart. He had obtained that seal for more than ten years and planned for decades. Why did it disappear overnight?

“By the way, is that plan still implemented?” Ullr asked.

“I’ve already started implementing it. However, because of Xu Tui’s whereabouts, the progress is slow,” Tarsylia said.

“Hurry up and support him fully! Support him with all kinds of resources. I want to infiltrate Xu Tui and even control him!” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, shouted.

The reason why Ullr saw the scene of the meeting was very simple. Xu Tui had given the order before the meeting started. The image in the meeting hall was broadcasted in real time to the various planets in the extra-terrestrial. He ordered the Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses of the various sectors to watch.

So Ullr could naturally see the public broadcast of the meeting.

In the conference hall, the meeting continued. Xu Tui’s status and power were recognized in all aspects through the extra-terrestrial military punishment. At the same time, the trial began again.

“Next, the person we are judging is Itavi!”

Xu Tui’s words immediately shocked everyone. The people from the India Sector were even more stunned. Ganjiv was also confused. Didn’t the former strongest person in the India Sector disappear? Why was the trial about to begin?

“Everyone, I am Kitawan, Itavi’s third disciple!” One of the Seven Satellites behind Xu Tui suddenly spoke, shocking everyone. Then, with Little Six’s help, Kitawan’s mental body left his body and revealed his true appearance.

This was especially so for Ganjiv and the others. They were all too familiar with Kitawan. They were all stunned.

Kitawan’s identity had been confirmed. What happened next was easy. As Itavi’s third disciple, Kitawan exposed some of the trafficking in the people of the India Sector that he had helped Itavi with back then.

There was immediately a commotion.

This was shocking news! Trafficking the Blue Star population to alien species could no longer be described as a crime. He was simply crazy!

“Itavi had already been killed by me on the Karsnai asteroid. I was still a spy at that time. Itavi followed me and wanted to harm me, but I killed him instead. However, it was too easy for a Blue Star thief like Itavi to die. This was especially so for human trafficking. It was a heinous crime! He would definitely be notorious for ten thousand years! I’m here to tell you, Itavi’s superior. Just you wait. The moment when you will be infamous is not far away!”

Everyone approved of Itavi’s punishment. They had no objections. It would be widely publicized in the Blue Star and extra-terrestrial. The Blue Star’s warning education would also include Itavi, a Blue Star traitor. He would definitely be notorious for ten thousand years!

It was worth mentioning that on the second day of the discussion, Itavi’s title of guru in the India Sector of the Blue Star was smashed into pieces overnight.

Everyone knew that the Blue Star had a traitor called Itavi. On an unknown mysterious planet, Ullr wished he could tear Xu Tui apart with his bare hands.

“The target of the third trial is The Myth!”

As soon as these words were spoken, it caused another storm. Previously, Xu Tui’s trial had targeted individuals. Now, the trial target was The Myth.

This was different. The captains all looked at Xu Tui. They felt that Xu Tui was a little rash. Would publicly judging The Myth force it to the side of the extraterrestrial invaders?

Xu Tui smiled when he saw this.

“Ah Huang, connect me to the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, through the public channel. I have a few questions that I want him to answer.” Xu Tui’s voice sounded..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1