Chapter 1558 - 1558: Return Of The Divine Seal And Breakthrough

Chapter 1558 - 1558: Return of the Divine Seal and Breakthrough

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment the Mount Heng Divine Seal was completely refined, the Mount Heng Divine Seal shone brightly. It rose high from behind Xu Tui’s head and slowly landed on Mount Heng beneath his feet.

The Mount Heng Divine Seal instantly became larger and illusory. It had almost become larger than Mount Heng in Xu Tui’s eyes. Then, it slowly fused into Mount Heng under Xu Tui’s feet. Five seconds later, the Mount Heng Divine Seal completely fused into Mount Heng under Xu Tui’s feet.

At that moment, Xu Tui suddenly sensed a strange connection with Mount Heng.

Beiyue Hengshan seemed to have become an extension of Xu Tui’s limbs. Everything inside and outside Mount Heng appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. In the steep gaps of the mountain, there were countless corpses under the rocks in the cave. Some were the corpses of various animals, and most of them were human.

There were tens of thousands of corpses. At first glance, it was shocking. On second thought, Xu Tui understood. Since ancient times, it was normal for tens of thousands of people to die at Mount Heng.

Not to mention the ancient strife in the pugilistic world, there had been many tourists and herb gatherers every year since the modern era. Then, Xu Tui saw the blackened silver and the gold that had been buried in the cave. He even saw a few booklets that looked like secret manuals buried underground.

Of course, Xu Tui could confirm that these pamphlets would turn to ashes as long as they were touched.

Other than that, there were also all kinds of living beings.

This was because ever since the Great Genetic Age, the withdrawal of humans had caused the number of wild animals in Mount Heng to increase exponentially. Many of them were even genetic mutations.

Xu Tui even saw a tiger with wings. In the past, this winged tiger would definitely have been captured for experiments to study the winged genes. But now, Xu Tui is no longer interested.

Tigers, leopards, mountain cats, sariras, foxes, and all kinds of birds. There were countless rats with red eyes. At this moment, these countless wild creatures were all terrified and uneasy. The higher the intelligence, the more unusual the performance.

The King of Beasts, Tiger, the monkey in the mountain, the mountain cat, and so on. At this moment, they were all kneeling in the direction of Xu Tui.

Wherever Xu Tui’s mental perception reached, especially the winged mutated tiger, it actually let out a pathetic cry as if it was begging for mercy. It did not have the aura of a king of beasts at all.

“Because I’ve already refined the Mount Heng Divine Seal and become the Mountain God?”

Mount Heng was larger than what Xu Tui could see. The Mount Heng that he could see was more than 2,000 meters tall, but in reality, Mount Heng was more than 10,000 meters deep into the ground.

Moreover, the Mount Heng Divine Seal actually referred to the entire Mount Heng Mountain Range, not the previous tourist attraction, Mount Heng.

The entire Mount Heng Range was 300 kilometers long.

The mountains were continuous, and the earth’s energy was majestic. The earth energy here referred to origin energy. As the Mount Heng Divine Seal landed, Xu Tui understood the concentration of energy in the entire Mount Heng Mountain Range.

Other than the energy concentration of 6.2 outside the Heng Cave on the Cuiping Peak, there were as many as seven cultivation spots with energy concentration above 3.0 in the entire Mount Heng Range.

In the future, this would be a good place to cultivate.

Xu Tui had already informed the Special Intelligence Division that he had come to Mount Heng today. The students who had been training in the Blessed Enclave of Mount Heng had all retreated.

Xu Tui sensed the situation in the Mount Heng Divine Seal. He activated his mind power and appeared in the Mount Heng Cave.

6.2 energy concentration was a cultivation paradise for most people. However, it was something that Xu Tui did not fancy.

Xu Tui had wanted to set up an energy gathering array to see how high the concentration of energy here could be. With a thought, the concentration of energy in the Heng Cave began to soar.

In just a few seconds, the energy in the Heng Cave soared from 6.2 to 12. Then, from 12 to 20.

What was even more shocking was that this concentration did not spread throughout the entire Mount Heng. Instead, it was concentrated in the small

Heng Cave.

A minute later, the energy concentration reached 30.

Under such circumstances, it formed a pressure-like effect. Origin energy had already begun to involuntarily enter Xu Tui’s body. A faint look of surprise flashed past his eyes. He already understood that this was the function of the Mount Heng Divine Seal.

The Mount Heng Divine Seal directly gathered the energy inside and outside the 300-kilometer-long Mount Heng Mountain Range towards the Heng Cave.

“What will happen if I activate it?” Just now, Xu Tui had only had this thought in his mind. Now, he took the initiative to activate the Mount Heng Divine Seal to gather the energy in the Mount Heng Mountains.

At the core of the Mount Heng Range, the shadow of a seal flashed faintly. The energy in the entire Mount Heng Range, including the earth vein, once again gathered into the Heng Cave.

The concentration of energy in the Heng Cave began to soar again.

Forty.

Fifty.

Sixty!

The energy concentration of sixty had already vaporized the energy in the Heng Cave. The entire Heng Cave was filled with fog.

He took a deep breath and exhaled energy into his body.

“This is really a cultivation spot. I wonder how long it can last!”

Xu Tui did not stand on ceremony and immediately started cultivating. Moreover, he was using the mind power teleportation cultivation method that he had used in the Shenxiao Prefecture. He used his mind power to transport a large amount of fogged energy into his body to cultivate.

For example, cultivating for a normal person was like turning on a tap and slowly accumulating. The greater the water pressure, the faster the water. However, Xu Tui was different. Instead, he took out a basin of water that was larger than his level and poured it into his body.

This cultivation method was dozens of times faster than ordinary people. Coupled with the increase in the concentration of energy, his cultivation speed was hundreds of times faster than others.

Of course, not everyone could use Xu Tui’s cultivation method.

First of all, he had to have powerful mind power. Then, he had to be assisted by the realistic characteristics of the main planet’s force field and the energy teleportation characteristics of the quantum entanglement state.

All kinds of abilities had accelerated Xu Tui’s abnormal cultivation speed.

This time, Xu Tui chose to cultivate his mind power main planet.

Currently, other than the main planet of mind power, Xu Tui also has the secondary main planet of the Vajra Tide Force Field. There were a total of five satellites: the mental hammer, the Blizzard Domain, the Mountain Nova, and the Time Distortion Nova.

Which was the Five Satellites Planetary Realm.

Xu Tui could easily break through to the Six Satellites Planetary realm if he took another step forward. It was easy to condense another new star and break through to the Six Satellites Planetary Realm. He could just cultivate on Planet Peach for a day or two.

However, the breakthrough of the main planet of mind power would become very difficult.

Under the enhancement of the various satellites, the main planet of mind power could reach the initial-stage of the seventh level of the star halo.

However, the actual star halo was still the mid-stage sixth level of star halo.

At the sixth level, the size of the star halo of the main planet was very large. Every increase required a massive amount of energy.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not expect to be able to gather all the energy in the entire

Mount Heng Mountain Range after he completely refined the Mount Heng Divine Seal here today. He had made up his mind from the beginning that he wanted to take this opportunity to strengthen the main planet and the Vajra sub-main planet.

Especially on the main planet of mind power.

To a certain extent, Xu Tui’s powerful strength was completely supported by his mind power.

Even though the Mount Heng Divine Seal had gathered all the energy inside and outside the Mount Heng Range, the increase in Xu Tui’s star halo on the main planet of his mind power was still rather slow under such an abnormal cultivation speed.

Four hours later, when Xu Tui’s mind power was depleted to 30%, he entered the deepest level of sleep through meditation to recover his mind power while maintaining a normal cultivation state.

Soul crystals, mind power Origin Crystals, and other items that could recover mind power were still very precious.

Ten hours later, Xu Tui woke up and began his high-intensity cultivation again. After two consecutive rounds, his mind power’s main planet broke through to the late-stage of the sixth level star halo.

Xu Tui continued to cultivate here for a day and a half.

Through the perception of the entire Mount Heng Divine Seal, Xu Tui had already realized that the way he used the Mount Heng Divine Seal to mobilize the energy of the entire Mount Heng was actually a plundering cultivation of the entire Mount Heng.

Or rather, it was the rhythm of emptying out the accumulation of hundreds of years in the Mount Heng Range. Of course, after Xu Tui emptied this place, the concentration of energy in the Heng Cave would be maintained at a low level for a long time.

After all, there was an earth vein constantly spewing out Origin Energy below the Mount Heng Ranges.

Mount Heng, a powerful and majestic aura suddenly spread out from Mount Heng. The few special agents on guard around the main peak of Mount Heng collapsed to the ground.

The five Transmutation Realm experts below the quasi-planetary realm fainted. Fortunately, this terrifying aura dissipated and retracted. Otherwise, the quasi-planetary might not have been able to withstand it. If a Planetary realm powerhouse was here, he would definitely be able to sense the aura of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

It was the terrifying fluctuation of Xu Tui’s mind power breaking through to the seventh star halo.

Of course, this terrifying fluctuation was also mixed with a portion of the power of the Mount Heng Divine Seal. Without an enhancement, the mind power of the main planet was at the early -stage of the seventh star halo.

Under the enhancement of other satellites, the mid-stage of the seventh star halo was close to the late-stage.

After three and a half days of cultivation, Xu Tui felt that nearly two-thirds of the energy accumulated in the Mount Heng Range had been absorbed into his body. The concentration of energy in the Heng Cave had also decreased to about 48. The cultivation efficiency had decreased.

In for a penny, in for a pound. Since he came, he would accept them all with a smile.

In any case, it would not stop.

Two and a half days later, in the early morning of the 16th of September, Xu Tui’s mind power main planet was strengthened to the mid-stage of the seventh star halo. He cultivated for less than half an hour, and the concentration of energy in the entire Heng Cave plummeted.

Even though Xu Tui had activated the Mount Heng Divine Seal and gathered all the energy inside and outside the Mount Heng Mountain Range, the concentration of energy in the Heng Cave could only be maintained at about 10.

His cultivation efficiency decreased exponentially.

“It’s time to go to Mount Hua!”

In the sky of the Mount Heng Divine Seal, Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes and dispersed the activation of the Mount Heng Divine Seal. In less than a minute, the concentration of energy in the Heng Cave had decreased to 4.0.

Compared to the previous 6.2, the concentration of energy had decreased by a third. The high concentrations of energy in the previous mountain ranges had returned to normal. However, the Heng Cave could still be used for cultivation.

In the next moment, Xu Tui disappeared and reappeared at the top of Mount Heng. With a thought, the Mount Heng Divine Seal that had fused into the entire Mount Heng immediately flew out of the mountain. It spun and landed in Xu Tui’s mind.

Xu Tui could not help but be stunned the moment it landed. It seemed that the Mount Heng Divine Seal had already undergone some changes compared to the other divine seals.

“We can return to normal here. I will arrive at Mount Hua in 30 minutes.” Xu Tui immediately used his consciousness to inform the special agent guarding the foot of the mountain. He instantly disappeared.

Actually, it would only take him a minute or two to go to Mount Hua from Mount Heng. Xu Tui just wanted to test what had happened after the Mount Heng Divine Seal returned with the remaining time..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1