Chapter 1553 - 1553: The Answer To Five Questions And Good News (3)

Chapter 1553: The Answer to Five Questions and Good News (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ullr nodded slowly. “Understood. They must have been afraid that they would force me into a corner and completely side with the invaders, so they compromised and gave me the position of an independent special combat team. Of course, this should be my last chance. You have to observe me! Otherwise, what happens to Haren will be my future.”

Xu Tui did not nod. He smiled and clapped.

“You can sense with your mental perception. Sense carefully to see if I’m lying,” Ullr said.

“I have that confidence.”

“Let’s talk about the Muyas first. I don’t have any direct cooperation with the

Muyas. I contacted them through the Spiritual Race as a middleman.”

“The Great Xi Clan.”

“I’ve come into contact with the former commander of the Great Xi Clan, Günter. My goal is to obtain more advanced or epoch-making technology from them through various methods. It’s a pity that Günter died. He was killed by you, right?” Ullr looked at Xu Tui.

“There’s no need for me to answer your question.”

“Yes, similarly, I’m also trying to come into contact with the commander of the Great Xi Clan, Gu Ji, now. However, I haven’t achieved it yet. Currently, I haven’t established a connection,” Ullr said.

“What about the Spiritual Race?”

“My transaction with the Spiritual Race is relatively more. It’s mainly to use a portion of the resources and a small amount of information they need to exchange for more systematic cultivation information and methods. Currently, the things we obtained are nothing much. The Spiritual Race is also very cunning,” Ullr said.

“What kind of resources and information does the Spiritual Race want?” “This is the seventh question, Commander Xu,” Ullr said.

“You can consider it a supplement to the previous question. Of course, you can choose not to answer it,” Xu Tui said.

Ullr pondered for a moment and suddenly smiled. “In that case, I’d better answer! To be honest, I prefer my current state! The information that the

Spiritual Race wants is naturally information about the top experts in the Blue Star or some experts with potential, such as Mr. Shang and you. Then, I will tell them what I know and exchange it for something useful. Yes, that’s all.” Ullr shrugged.

After being stunned for a moment, Xu Tui suddenly smiled. “In that case, if it’s information about me, you can continue to sell it to the Spiritual Race in the future. I’m looking forward to it.”

“Can I take it that you’re mocking me?” Ullr was helpless. “No, but I think it’s quite good. Of course, it’s only limited to me.”

“Sure.”

“What about resources?”

“Origin Crystals, some biological resources and ores that are unique to the Blue Star, as well as some specialties,” Ullr answered vaguely.

“I need a detailed list,” Xu Tui said.

“Commander Xu, why don’t you interrogate me directly?” Ullr’s aura suddenly became sharp. “Commander Xu, I’ve already made a lot of concessions! If you think that I’m easy to bully or that you have me in your grasp, you can interrogate me directly!”

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes and looked at Ullr. Then, he nodded slightly. “Yes, the transaction is over. Turn left when you go out and you will see Cadron.”

Xu Tui understood that he had crossed Ullr’s bottom line. That was all he could do for the time being.

“Thank you.” Ullr thanked him gentlemanly and stood up. He was about to leave. Just as he was about to step out of the door, Xu Tui spoke again, “Ullr, I hope that you will cherish this opportunity. Otherwise…”

Xu Tui’s voice was filled with warning. Ullr only stopped in his tracks and left without looking back.

In the next moment, the virtual projection of Cai Shaochu, Shang Long, and Erera appeared in this room at the same time.

“We have to explore the special place in the Terry meteorite belt when we have time. That place might be very important,” Shang Long said.

“Indeed.” Cai Shaochu’s virtual projection nodded. Suddenly, Cai Shaochu smiled.. “I have good news to tell you!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1