Chapter 1550 - 1550: Positioning For Me To Fleece (3)

Chapter 1550 - 1550: Positioning for Me to Fleece (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, was speechless.

“I can tell you very clearly that the only person we can talk about is Cadron. I’ve already used the previous lightning seal…”

“You can’t…”

“It’s none of your business! And I can’t release Raymont! You should understand. Also, I’m very interested in the seal that Raymont has, so I can’t trade it with you. Let’s go with Cadron. See if you want it! If you don’t want it, forget it. I’m going to be busy! The lightning seal is really not bad.” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui clapped his hands and stood up. He looked like he was about to leave if they could not reach an agreement.

Ullr was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. How was this a matter of taking the initiative? It was just that although he had been raped by Xu Tui, he was still obediently posing on the ground. Even so, he still had to cooperate and squeeze out a smile.

Cadron was really important.

“How about 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals?” Ullr understood very well that since Xu Tui had drawn a line, there was no hope of rescuing the other seal and Raymont. He also understood that it should be because of Raymont’s identity and his previous actions.

“Fifty thousand grams?” Xu Tui sneered. “More like 500,000 grams.”

“500,000 grams of Origin Crystals? Even if you kill me, I won’t have it,” Ullr said angrily.

“Therefore, continue to increase the price! What do you think? If 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals can be exchanged for a Planetary realm powerhouse with Seven Satellites, why don’t I exchange with you? I’ll give you 200,000 and you’ll give me two. How about that?” Xu Tui sneered.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, was speechless.

“Also, it’s fine as long as Origin Crystals are there! Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural being, including the lightning seal, are almost unique. Therefore, if you really want to save them, you can exchange it for something unique,” Xu Tui said.

“How about a resource planet?”

“50,000 Origin Crystals and a resource planet?” Xu Tui shook his head. “These are actually things that I can easily obtain. It’s not enough!”

“You…”

“You can choose not to talk about it if you’re angry,” Xu Tui said to Ullr.

“Let me emphasize it again. It’s a unique item! Of course, I’ll accept the 50,000 Origin Crystals and a resource planet,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Ullr could not help but be stunned and angry! But he could not flare up, which was depressing. Xu Tui was too shameless and greedy.

“Unique thing? I’m sorry, I really can’t think of anything that is unique to you. You can give me a hint. As you said, including 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals and one resource planet!” Ullr said.

“Hahahaha!” Xu Tui laughed. As he laughed, he looked at Ullr. “For example, the seal of the Heavenly Court.”

“This…”

“You definitely have it!”

“I do. How about this? I can give you two that I haven’t refined. I don’t know what kind of seal it is. It’s not high-grade or low-grade.”

“Sure, but it’s not enough!”

Xu Tui’s words made Ullr about to flare up. He was too greedy and shameless. He was very angry! “Commander Xu, you should know about the term ‘stop while you can’! I can be a bamboo pole, but I won’t be a fat sheep!”

“Hahaha, then I’ll extort you again. I have five questions related to Raymont’s seal, your seal, the source of your seal, and so on. You need to answer these questions truthfully under my spiritual resonance. How about that? We can trade after you answer.” Xu Tui also understood that he could not go overboard. He immediately raised his conditions.

These intelligence questions were the most important. After pondering for three breaths, Ullr nodded.. “Sure!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1