Chapter 1556 - 1556: Star Ruins And September Frost

Chapter 1556 - 1556: Star Ruins and September Frost

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Land of Hope.

This was a base-type planet in the solar system of Ullr. It was also the planet base that Ullr announced when he went to Planet Kono to participate in the meeting of the Worldly Demon Slayers.

Ullr was still very cautious and did not announce the specific coordinates of the planet. However, he announced the quantum public frequency of the contact. It could guarantee that the Worldly Demon Slayers would contact them immediately.

However, after announcing the quantum public frequency and the various connections with the Worldly Demon Slayers in the future, the specific location of the Land of Hope would be exposed sooner or later.

Ullr was prepared for this.

After returning to the Land of Hope, Ullr immediately called his think tank, Tarsylia, over. “How many resource collection locations have we expanded in the Terry meteorite belt?”

“Sir, there is a base directly under Aurora and the others, our base, and a hidden base. Other than these three bases, there are about 100 fully automatic meteorite collection points,” Tarsylia replied.

“Inform Aurora that within three days, let their bases undergo a destruction-type retreat! In addition, all the resources accumulated in our base will begin to transit from now on. In addition, order the radar of the hidden base to be activated at full power. Send out the flag of The Myth and scan the star ruins at the center of the Terry meteorite belt in all directions.” Ullr gave a series of orders.

This order stunned Tarsylia. The Star Ruins in the Terry meteorite belt were actually the core secret of the Myth.

Although Ullr had never explored the interior of the Star Ruins again, the periphery of the Star Ruins, especially the meteorites that flowed out of the Star Ruins from time to time, allowed The Myth to obtain many precious resources that even the Spiritual Race needed.

So many experts in The Myth were actually nurtured under such conditions.

Including Raymont. But now, Ullr suddenly ordered this. With the current Blue

Star technology, they could completely discover the quantum radar signal of

the core of the Terry meteorite belt.

“Don’t think about it. I’ve already told Xu Tui, Shang Long, and the others about the existence of the Star Ruins in the Terry meteorite belt. I believe that it won’t be long before they explore it,” Ullr said.

“Sir, this… You know the importance of the Star Ruins better than I do. How could it be so easy…” Tarsylia hesitated.

Ullr waved his hand. “First of all, I can’t lie under such circumstances. If I lie, I might not be able to return alive. Secondly, although I had gained a lot in the Star Ruins previously, the dangers inside made me unwilling to enter again. The danger of my last entry was indescribable! What if Xu Tui or Shang Long went to explore?” Ullr said.

“What do you mean, Sir?”

“Whether it’s Xu Tui or Shang Long, as long as either of them is trapped, my chance to turn the tables will come.” At this point, Ullr let out a cold grunt. “Huaxia has a good saying. A man is born in the world. How can he live under others for a long time? Back then, I didn’t establish The Myth and plan and fight for it for so many years just to listen to the orders of the Worldly Demon

Slayers!”

“But what if?” Tarsylia asked worriedly.

“How can there be so many what-ifs in this world? Arrange for them to carry out my orders,” Ullr ordered.

“Alright.”

Moon, Huaxia Demon Slayer Team’s general base.

Xu Tui felt a different kind of emotion when he stepped onto the moon again after two years.

He was back!

Ever since they set off from Mars two years ago and began to fight in the solar system, including the space invasion, the Battle of the Fuqiang Asteroid when they were developing around the Manut asteroid, and the battle to save An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan,

After a few battles, Xu Tui’s heart was not as calm as it looked. After a long time, they were prepared to die in battle. His last words had already been with Ah Huang. Fortunately, Xu Tui survived the battles and returned to the moon.

On the moon, Li Zhen welcomed Xu Tui.

Li Zhen’s cultivation had reached the quasi-planetary realm in the past two years. However, because the frontline of the extra-terrestrial was constantly moving, Li Zhen had already been appointed by Wei Bin as the commander of the Moon and the commander of the Blue Star’s extra-terrestrial defense.

Major General.

When acquaintances met, it was naturally exceptionally warm.

“Commander Xu, the fighter jet to the Blue Star is ready. You can set off for the Blue Star at any time. However, thanks to the space’s full-ecological planting system you seized, our Moon now has fresh vegetables and fruits. There’s also self-made wine. Do you want to drink some before going to the Blue Star?” Li Zhen smiled.

“Our Moon can already brew wine ourselves? We are using grapes produced by the Moon?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Of course, and it’s already a brand. Our September Frost Wine is hard to find, be it on the Blue Star or on other planets in the extra-terrestrial. How is it? Do you want to drink some?” Li Zhen said.

“September Frost?” He suddenly froze when he heard this name. Li Zhen was an intelligent person. He immediately knew what Xu Tui had thought of.

“That’s right. This name is indeed because of Old Hero Shen Jiushuang! Many of the specialties on the moon are named after the heroes who sacrificed themselves in the battle to defend the moon over the years. The war would pass. However, these heroes cannot be forgotten!” Li Zhen said.

“Heroes cannot be forgotten!” Xu Tui looked at the sky. “September Frost Brand

Wine. I have to drink a few glasses of this wine!”

“Then…

Xu Tui shook his head when he saw Li Zhen’s expression. “I won’t drink here. Bring me a few bottles. I should have some, right?”

“If Commander Xu wants it, we have a few boxes, let alone a few bottles.” Li Zhen smiled.

“Alright, I’ll set off for the Blue Star in five minutes.”

“No problem.”

Actually, returning to the Blue Star was not the most urgent thing in the extra-terrestrial. There were many things that were more urgent. For example, Xu Tui felt that he could teach the Muyas on Ceres Star a lesson.

He could also explore the Terry meteorite belt.

Another would be he could try to bring people into the Milky Way through the cosmic tunnel. He could take advantage of this precious time to launch a surprise attack on the rear of the Muyas. However, after much consideration, Xu Tui decided to return to the Blue Star.

Firstly, he was really homesick. Although Xu Tui was very strong now, his head was tied to his belt when he fought in the extra-terrestrial. In the next moment, he might die. Now that he had the chance, Xu Tui still wanted to meet his parents.

Secondly, returning to the Blue Star might increase his strength. What was the most important thing in the extra-terrestrial?

It was strength.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui chose to return to the Blue Star this time. There were several people who returned together. They were all existences who had obtained the seal of the Heavenly Court that was related to certain places in Huaxia.

For example, Zhao Hailong had previously obtained an unknown seal in the Heavenly Court. This unknown seal had taken the initiative to look for Zhao Hailong when Cai Shaochu was exploring with his men.

Up until now, because the refinement progress was not high, he did not know what was going on with the seal. However, Xu Tui could confirm that any seal that took the initiative to look for him would definitely be compatible with the Huaxia bloodline.

There was a high chance that they would respond on the Blue Star and bring them over to try their luck.

Yan Lie and Yan Xuejin, who had obtained the Eight Extremes Seal, were also brought over.

For example, Yan Lie and Yan Xuejin had already broken through to the Planetary realm. It had taken them a long time to come over.

However, under the amplification of An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit Taichong Seal and the frequency of the quantum teleportation channel, coupled with the fact that Xu Tui had lowered his cultivation level to Three Satellites, he was able to bring two Planetary realm and two quasi-planetary realm experts over in one go. It was also very convenient.

Yan Lie came over from another tunnel. Five minutes was a short time.

However, it allowed Xu Tui to take a general look at the changes on the moon. Over the past year, because there were no more battles, the moon had changed drastically. There was a faint sense of prosperity. Below the base, there were some places that were a little lush.

However, the greatest change was energy. Originally, the energy concentration on the moon was very, very low, from 0.2 to 0.5. But now, it has reached more than 1.2. It was more suitable for cultivation.

Peace could bring about development!

However, peace was fought for, killed for! The Flower of Peace was watered with the blood of heroes. “Here and that blue planet are the places we have to protect!”

Five minutes later, Xu Tui and the others boarded the fighter jet. The two fighter jets swooped toward the Blue Star. There had never been a moment when he felt that this blue planet was so beautiful.

This was probably because he was homesick.

When the fighter jet rushed into the atmosphere, the Mount Heng Divine Seal and the Huashan Divine Seal in Xu Tui’s mind jumped at the same time. However, the fluctuations of the Mount Heng Divine Seal were stronger. The fluctuations of the Huashan Divine Seal, which was not refined to a high level, were weaker.

Almost at the same time, at the Blue Star Huaxia Mountain. Rumbling vibrations came from within Mount Heng.

The Huaxia Earthquake Monitoring Center immediately monitored the news of the earthquake on Mount Heng. In the next few minutes, the Huaxia Earthquake Monitoring Center was a little chaotic.

The equipment showed that there was indeed an earthquake near Mount Heng. However, the level of the earthquake and other specific information could not be determined.

Xu Tui knew that he had made the right decision to come to the Blue Star when the two divine seals in his mind vibrated. He looked at An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, Yan Xuejin, and the others. The four of them had different looks of surprise in their eyes. Clearly, the seals that they had refined into their bodies had abnormal reactions.

However, their strengths were different.

“Alright, I believe that you have already discovered the abnormality of the seal in your bodies. After you arrive at the Blue Star, meet your family. Then, according to the feeling given by the seal in your bodies, find a place you should go. See what your gains are. If you encounter danger, send a signal! Of course, I personally think that there shouldn’t be any danger.”

After saying that, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had already flown out of the fighter jet. This was because the fighter jet had already arrived above the Juntian Harbor.

Finally, they were home..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1