Chapter 1557 - 1557: Sacrifice And The Abnormality Of The Seal

Chapter 1557 - 1557: Sacrifice and the Abnormality of the Seal

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“There are a total of four special agents tailing behind Uncle and Auntie. In addition, there were three Genetic Evolution Realm guards and one Genetic Transmutation Realm patrolling at the entrance of the district. Also, there’s a quasi-planetary expert living opposite the room that Uncle and Auntie live in.” Xu Tui, who was helping An Xiaoxue in the kitchen, had already seen Xu

Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli slowly returning home through his mental perception.

Currently, what they were talking about was the security situation that the two of them were most concerned about.

“Xu Tui, I’ve already detected that the two of them have a safety chip on them. The safety chip is in contact with the satellite at all times. Whether we lose contact or if there are any abnormalities, the satellite will call the police immediately.” It was Ah Huang who spoke this time.

Xu Tui, who was cooking, was very satisfied with the safety level that Huaxia had given his parents. Actually, that was not all. His extremely powerful mental perception had already discovered that there was already a secret stronghold of the Special Intelligence Division in the district.

As long as anything happened to Xu Jianguo and his wife, a special agent team would arrive within five seconds. Coupled with the extremely powerful security measures in the capital, unless a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse charged in, Xu Jianguo and his wife’s safety would not be a problem.

“Xu Tui, you can actually ask Uncle and Auntie. Our secret planets should be safer than here. However, it will depend on Uncle and Auntie’s thoughts,” An Xiaoxue  said.

“Yes, we’ll ask them when they arrive.”

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, who had returned home, did not go to see Xu Jianguo and his mother, Zhang Xiuli. Instead, he chose to return home quietly and cook a meal for his parents before they returned.

Extreme mind power and mental perception were really useful. It was enough for Xu Tui to instantly become a super chef through some cooking guides online.

Outside the district, Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli were slowly walking back. They were going home to cook dinner. In the past few years, their lives have been very good. They did not lack food and clothing.

Xu Jianguo was playing chess and reading a book, while Zhang Xiuli was tending to his flowers and plants. They were very happy. Other than the fact that they missed their son and their future daughter-in-law, An Xiaoxue, everything was actually very good.

Of course, the two of them had long known that someone was secretly tailing and protecting them. They were not used to it at first, but now, they are used to it. When they entered the district, they greeted the guard. Zhang Xiuli even gave him flowers that she had planted.

“Old Xu, what are we eating for dinner?” Zhang Xiuli asked as they walked.

“Didn’t you buy vegetables?” As he spoke, Xu Jianguo’s nose twitched slightly. “Eh, who in the unit is making braised pork? There’s also the fragrance of spicy and sour fish! Heh, this smell had triggered my cravings. Why don’t we make braised pork tonight?” Xu Jianguo suddenly suggested.

Hearing this, Zhang Xiuli was stunned. “Sigh, it’ll be good if Improvement comes back. This child loved braised pork the most when he was in school.” “That’s right. There’s meat at home. Make one for me later.”

“Eat, eat, eat. All you know is to eat. Improvement isn’t back yet. Why are you cooking braised pork?” Zhang Xiuli, who had been reminded of her son, directly interrupted him, causing Xu Jianguo to wither.

He held her hand and opened the door. The fragrance assaulted his nostrils. “Eh, why is the smell in our house so strong? At home?”

Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli looked at each other, but they did not enter the room again. At the same time, they retreated. Over the years, the special agents had trained them a lot. However, in the next moment, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue appeared in their sights.

Xu Jianguo subconsciously rubbed his eyes. Zhang Xiuli’s vision was instantly blurred by tears.

At night, Xu Tui and his father, Xu Jianguo, were drinking the red wine that Xu Tui had brought. What was a little disappointing was that the two of them were drinking red wine from bowls.

“This wine is good. It’s cold in the mouth. Good wine. Cheers!”

The two of them clinked bowls and drank it in one go. They refilled their glasses again. “Dad, this wine is called the September Frost Wine. It was brought over from the moon.”

“September Frost…” Xu Jianguo was stunned. “Is it related to Shen Jiushuang?

“You know about it too?”

“The hero who guards the moon has been promoted on the Blue Star for a long time. He’s also your teacher. How can I not know? I’ll give him a bowl from afar. Remember to pay your respects to his tomb one day! You can’t forget this old man’s great kindness!” Xu Jianguo reminded Xu Tui.

The next day, Xu Tui arrived at the Yinglie Cemetery at the Bajingshan Cemetery. Shen Jiushuang had a memorial on the moon and a cenotaph in the heroic cemetery of the Blue Star.

A bottle of September Frost was sprinkled in front of Shen Jiushuang’s tombstone. Then, Xu Tui arrived in front of the newly built Blue Star Space Memorial. There were tens of thousands of names densely packed on it. Xu Tui even had a clear memory of a small number of them.

These people were very young!

In Cai Shaochu’s words, most of these heroes were actually at the age where they collected roses, but they had received chrysanthemums for sacrifice.

“The Blue Star will definitely be even more beautiful.”

Half an hour later, Xu Tui arrived at Luo Shifeng’s grave.

“Mr. Luo, I’m here to see you. Mother Luo is in good health. She even danced in the sunset recently.”

“Mr. Luo, Old Qu asked me to bring you a bottle of fine wine he seized from the

Spiritual Race’s base. He said that you should try it.”

“Mr. Luo, this is the Moon’s famous wine, the September Frost.”

“Oh, this is something that tastes uniquely like cigarettes that we seized from the Muyas. Try it. Mr. Luo, your deduction is correct. When the genetic chain of super reaction speed is strengthened to a very high level, an extremely powerful supernatural ability will indeed appear.”

Xu Tui rambled in front of Luo Shifeng’s grave for a while before he stood up and left.

Xu Tui returned to the Blue Star with more mundane matters. He returned to the Blue Star on the 6th of September and only took the time to head to Mount Heng on the 10th of September. As for An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, and Yan Xuejin, they had already gained something.

The first person who had some gains was An Xiaoxue. Every day, An Xiaoxue’s two seals would move around one to three and five to seven in the morning. In these four hours, the two seals became extremely active. They could gather a large amount of Heaven and Earth Origin Energy for An Xiaoxue.

The place where An Xiaoxue was was almost a paradise.

The refinement progress of the two seals increased very quickly.

Therefore, Huaxia directly allocated An Xiaoxue a blessed land with an extremely high concentration of Origin Energy. It was the first grotto-heaven of the 36 Daoist grotto-heavens, Huotong Cave.

The concentration of Origin Energy here was currently as high as 6.1. During the two periods when the Energy Gathering Array and An Xiaoxue’s seals took effect, the concentration of Origin Energy could reach more than 20.

She had succeeded in her cultivation.

As An Xiaoxue’s refinement of the two seals deepened, the enhancement effect of her cultivation became even stronger. A day ago, An Xiaoxue had successfully broken through to the Planetary realm.

Currently, her cultivation is still rapidly increasing.

Yan Lie and Yan Xuejin had refined the Eight Extremes Seal. Originally, they had no clue. The direction of the eight extremes were too blurry. However, with the enlightenment of An Xiaoxue’s seals, Xu Tui thought of a direction.

A general direction should be enough, right?

When the two of them were in corresponding Zhen and Li positions, their cultivation speed and progress in refining the Star Official’s seal also increased greatly. More importantly, the two of them could sense each other and increase their strength within a certain range.

This made Xu Tui think of a possibility.

What if he found all the Eight Extremes Seals in the future? Could that person form the Eight Extremes Array? Not only could it be used for cultivation, but it could also be used in battle. At that time, how strong would the joint enhancement effect be?

Xu Tui was looking forward to this.

The most blurry one was Zhao Hailong’s seal.

Ever since he landed, Zhao Hailong’s seal had been acting abnormally. Whether it was the increase in cultivation speed or the refinement speed of the seal, it was much smaller than the increase in An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, and the others. It was not even a third of theirs. However, there were no restrictions. It seemed that as long as he landed in Huaxia, there would be such an increase. Similarly, Huaxia had also temporarily allocated an Origin Energy grotto-heaven for them to cultivate. He would probably break through to the Planetary realm in a day or two.

However, Xu Tui was looking forward to what kind of seal Zhao Hailong’s seal was. The answer would be revealed when Zhao Hailong completely refined this seal.

On the 10th of September, Xu Tui flew to Mount Heng. The moment he landed, the Huaxia Earthquake Monitoring Center once again detected strange earthquake fluctuations. However, they still could not find the center of the earthquake.

The moment Xu Tui landed on Mount Heng, the Mount Heng Divine Seal suddenly trembled. He could not complete the last 1% of the refinement progress no matter how hard he refined it previously.

It was suddenly completed now!

In an instant, the Mount Heng Divine Seal shone brightly..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1