Chapter 1555 - 1555: Mutation And Return To The Blue Star (2)

Chapter 1555 - 1555: Mutation and Return to the Blue Star (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, it was hard to say for those below the Three Satellites.

“Principal, in that case, the Tu Yao Star Official Seal that you refined is even more valuable! I think you should hurry up and make a trip to Saturn. You will definitely gain something extraordinary,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu smiled bitterly. How could he not have thought of this? If he could reach Saturn, he would only have to use Qu Qingshan’s situation as a reference. It would not be a problem for his main planet to break through to the Seven Satellites.

It was even possible for him to be at the mid to late-stage of the Seven Satellites. However, the distance…

Up until now, humans on the Blue Star had used various spacecraft to board Saturn hundreds of times. However, there was only one time when humans landed on Saturn. It was an extremely tragic occasion.

The distance between Saturn and the Blue Star was 3,800 times that of the Blue

Star and the Moon.

What did that mean?

Two years ago, humans from the Blue Star used military fighter jets to travel from the Blue Star to the Moon. The fastest speed was six hours.

Two years later, the fastest speed for humans on the Blue Star from the Blue Star to the Moon was four and a half hours.

According to the estimated speed two years ago, it would take at least three years to set off from the Moon and reach Saturn. This was even if everything went smoothly. About 40 years ago, the Blue Star Humans sent their first fleet to land on Saturn.

After a long six-year voyage, the fleet finally landed on Saturn. They overcame the harsh environment of Saturn and obtained substantial information about it. However, on their way back, they unfortunately encountered a solar storm. Only two of the fleet survived.

In the end, these two Blue Star spaceships did not return either. The return journey only lasted a year before they malfunctioned continuously and lost contact forever. The missing spaceship turned into a semi-eternal flying coffin in the universe.

This was probably the history of the exploration of the universe. Every step was a huge sacrifice. Ever since then, the Blue Star had not sent a fleet to explore Saturn. It was too far away and the flight time was too long.

Now, technology had improved again, but the distance from Saturn was still daunting. In theory, it would take at least two years.

Originally, Planetary realm powerhouses like Cai Shaochu would have been faster. However, no Planetary realm powerhouse could continue flying in the universe for two years. At least no one had tried it.

Two years. This round trip was four years. Could Cai Shaochu disappear for four years? Even if others were willing, Cai Shaochu did not dare to.

The battle on the Blue Star, or rather, the solar system, was at the most critical moment. Not only was Cai Shaochu the main force of the main force, but he was also one of the backbone of the Huaxia Sector.

When they saw Cai Shaochu’s bitter smile, Shang Long, Erera, and Xu Tui understood Cai Shaochu’s difficulties. He wanted to, but time did not allow it.

In the universe, the greatest enemy might be time and distance.

“What if we include the quantum teleportation channel? I still have the quantum array,” Xu Tui said.

“It’ll only save half the time! I still can’t afford two years,” Cai Shaochu said.

“What if we set off from Mars?”

“I’ve also calculated that I’ll only be able to reduce the voyage time by three to four months at most.” Cai Shaochu had already considered all these factors.

Xu Tui was stunned. He looked at Shang Long and said, “Mr. Shang, I

personally think that the increase in Principal Cai’s personal strength is very important. The balance of high-end combat strength is extremely important. If the high-end combat strength can’t be balanced, the battlefield might be a one-sided massacre.”

“That’s true! However, more than a year is too long.” Shang Long frowned.

Xu Tui swiped his finger across it and projected a three-dimensional star map of the solar system. “Principal, Manut Asteroid. Look, from the Manut asteroid, we are less than half a distance away from Saturn.”

“That would still take nearly a year. It would have been fine in the past. Now, if I were to leave for a year, I’m afraid there would be a problem, especially since you just integrated the extra-terrestrial forces of the Blue Star,” Cai Shaochu said.

“How about this? We’ll send an unmanned fleet to land on Saturn first, then set up a quantum teleportation channel.”

“However, you have to have mind power to set up a quantum teleportation channel.”

“Send the others, maybe two to four quasi-planets, to Saturn in secret. Less than a year is actually not long,” Xu Tui said. This arrangement could be considered the best arrangement at the moment. “Other than that, we have to explore and search to see if there are any cosmic tunnel nodes that lead directly to Saturn or the asteroids near Saturn,” Xu Tui said.

This was reasonable. It could be considered a two-pronged preparation. After saying that, Xu Tui looked at Shang Long. “Mr. Shang, you are strong enough at the moment, but I think that it is not enough. If we could match you with a Star Official Seal that could match the stars, not to mention breaking through to the Planetary realm of the Nine Satellites, even raising your cultivation from the mid-stage of the Eight Satellites to the late-stage or even the peak of the Eight Satellites was a huge gain.

“If the Star Official’s Seal could increase your combat strength by 10 to 20% or even 5%, it would be very terrifying. Mr. Shang, actually, up until now, I haven’t completely figured out what your major power is. What kind of Star Official Seal would match you?” Xu Tui asked.

“I cultivate the sword and focus on killing. Anyone who has the intention to kill is a little compatible with me,” Shang Long said.

“I’ll pay attention to west’s seals that focus on killing.” As he spoke, Xu Tui took out a seal and handed it to Erera. “Miss Erera, it’s harder to find the Star Official’s seal that corresponds to the stars. However, the seal of the Winged Fire Snake Star Lord of the 28 Constellations is more compatible with your fire-element. It will definitely increase your strength after you completely refine it.”

“Thank you, but I would be happier if your teacher gave me this seal.”

Erera’s straightforwardness and fervor stunned Xu Tui. It made Shang Long laugh dryly. Xu Tui looked at Shang Long and Erera. He did not know the love and hatred between them. From a personal point of view, Miss Erera was actually very beautiful and sexy.

“Mr. Shang, why don’t you sacrifice yourself to stabilize the alliance between Miss Erera and us?” Xu Tui handed the seal of the Winged Fire Snake Star Lord to Shang Long and sent a voice transmission to his consciousness.

Shang Long raised his eyes slightly. His gaze was like a sword, causing Xu Tui’s heart to beat wildly. However, to his surprise, Shang Long still took the seal. “Since you like it, I’ll give it to you.” Shang Long took the seal and handed it to Erera with one hand.

Hearing this, Erera’s cheeks immediately turned red. She shouted exaggeratedly and happily, “Long, is this true? Are you proposing to me?”

Xu Tui’s expression immediately darkened. Her chest was a little big, but what about her brain?

Shang Long’s face also darkened. He had just given her something for his grand-disciple’s request, but she had taken advantage of the situation and even made a marriage proposal?

Shang Long was also straightforward, or rather, a straight man. He immediately put away the seal. “It’s just a casual gift. Forget it if you don’t want it.”

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood. It seemed that the two teachers of the Genetic Miracle, Ji Guoliang and He Yunfeng, were also single.

The source should be here.

Erera became anxious. She did not even care about her reputation. She pounced forward and snatched the seal. “Who said I don’t want it? Even if you don’t admit it, I think this is a… token for me!” She did not say the word ‘proposal’ again.

Xu Tui was stunned. Indeed, a cold male idol did not even want a woman who supports him! Half an hour later, everyone deliberated over the answers of Ullr. After making a decision, they parted ways.

Xu Tui went straight to Yang Huai’s room and handed Raymont over to him.

“Other than not being able to kill him, you can interrogate him as you please. The outline of the interrogation will be forwarded to you later,” Xu Tui instructed.

“Don’t worry, Commander.”

Then, Xu Tui left with An Xiaoxue and the others. Next, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had to do the most important and urgent thing.

Return to the Blue Star!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1