Chapter 1554 - 1554: Mutation And Return To The Blue Star (1)

Chapter 1554 - 1554: Mutation and Return to the Blue Star (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Good news?”

In the room, Xu Tui, Shang Long, and Erera looked at Cai Shaochu at the same time. Their eyes were filled with anticipation. It was definitely worth looking forward to if Cai Shaochu could not help but say something that was called good news.

“But?” Xu Tui suddenly thought of something.

Cai Shaochu smiled and nodded at Xu Tui. “Just as you guessed, Qu Qingshan, who had refined the seal of the Star Official Huo Yao to 12%, immediately triggered the mutation of Mars’ energy after returning to Mars with me.

“How does it mutate?” Shang Long asked.

“Previously, the energy gushing out of Mars came from the underground energy gushing channels. However, when Qu Qingshan arrived on Mars and began to refine the seal of the Huo Yao, the energy gushing out of the various underground energy channels on Mars was greatly reduced.

“The concentration of energy wandering in the world on Mars increased greatly, It also actively gathered in the direction of Qu Qingshan, Then, not only did Qu Qingshan’s cultivation speed increase drastically, but the speed at which he refined the seal also increased drastically.

“The current rate is about four hours. It can increase the refinement progress of the Star Official Huo Yao’s seal by 1%,” Cai Shaochu introduced with a smile.

“One percent in four hours means 6% of the refinement process in a day. In that case, Mr. Qu will completely refine the seal in half a month at most?” Xu Tui had a surprised expression.

Indeed, just as he had guessed, the refinement progress of these Star Officials’ seals in its source land increased exponentially. Once Qu Qingshan completely refined the seal, he would be able to obtain the enhancement of the seal and his strength would increase greatly.

“After the energy mutation, how fast can Qu Qingshan’s cultivation speed, or rather, how much can his strength increase?” Shang Long asked with concern.

The strength of these juniors from Huaxia was what Shang Long was most concerned about. Although Shang Long was the number one person in Huaxia, the more he knew, the more afraid he became. His strength seemed to be powerful, but there were even more powerful people in the foreign races. He might die at any time. If these juniors grew up, he would be able to die with peace of mind.

“His cultivation speed is abnormally fast. It’s about 50 times faster than when I was on Ceres Star. It’s eight times faster than when I was on Planet Peach.” Xu Tui was stunned when he heard that.

The cultivation speed was eight times faster than on Planet Peach. This cultivation effect was not slower than his cultivation speed in Shenxiao

Prefecture. It could even be said that it was faster than his cultivation speed in Shenxiao Prefecture.

Qu Qingshan was about to take off.

“Doesn’t that mean that he can cultivate to the Five Satellites or above in one go?” Shang Long was also shocked.

Cai Shaochu shook his head when he heard that. “That’s the theory, but he shouldn’t be able to.” He glanced at everyone and said, “Because Xu Tui’s guess has a guiding direction, and Qu Qingshan is the first tester, I used the instruments in the Mars base and my mental perception to do a very rigorous test.

“The energy gathered around Qu Qingshan reached its peak in an hour. An hour later, it was slowly decreasing. I was not sure how much it would decrease. However, it is a fact that Qu Qingshan’s cultivation efficiency will continue to decrease. ”

“It might be related to the accumulation. The Star Lord of Mars has been without an owner for so many years. When Qu Qingshan arrives, it will gather in an explosive manner. After reaching the peak, it would decline. When it declined to a certain extent, it would stabilize.

“However, what was certain was that the cultivation speed of those who held the Star Official’s Seal would definitely increase drastically when they entered the corresponding star to cultivate. Principal, how far has Mr. Qu’s cultivation increased?” Xu Tui asked.

“He’ll be able to break through to the Two Satellites soon. However, I estimate that his cultivation can only increase to the Three Satellites or the Four Satellites at most, ” Cai Shaochu said.

“Why?”

Xu Tui was the one who asked the question, but Shang Long was the one who answered the question. “It should be because Qu Qingshan doesn’t have enough accumulation. There shouldn’t be many genetic ability chains that can condense a star in one go.

“The matter of condensing a star is a combination of abilities. Only by cooperating with each other can one greatly increase their combat strength.”

“Just as the regiment commander said.” The regiment commander that Cai Shaochu was talking about was naturally Shang Long. “Qu Qingshan’s accumulation is not enough. Other than that, when Planetary realm powerhouses increased their strength, the speed of improvement became slower the further they went.

“Under normal circumstances, it would take at least five to ten years for a Planetary realm to cultivate to the Three Satellites. It was already extremely fast for Qu Qingshan to achieve this in half a month.

“Moreover, according to Xu Tui, Qu Qingshan’s combat strength would be greatly enhanced by the Star Official’s seal after he completely refined it. It was estimated that he, a Three Satellites, could unleash the combat strength of the Four Satellites or even stronger. If he could break through to the Four Satellites, he would be able to unleash the combat strength of the Five Satellites or even stronger.

“This way, we will have another main force. From this point of view, we have to make good use of the seals of the Heavenly Court’s Star Officials.”

The main force that Cai Shaochu mentioned was actually the general knowledge of the extra-terrestrial Planetary realm powerhouses.

Among the extra- terrestrial Planetary realm powerhouses, only the power of the Four Satellites or the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses could be called the main battle power.

This was because the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Four Satellites or the Five Satellites would have a certain level of ability to protect themselves even if they encountered the Planetary realm of the Six Satellites or even the Seven Satellites. There was a high chance that they would not be instantly killed..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1