Chapter 1552 - 1552: The Answer To Five Questions And Good News (2)

Chapter 1552: The Answer to Five Questions and Good News (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He was afraid.

In the end, he gained something and obtained several seals in that strange place. Among these seals, the strongest were the Lightning Division’s Orthodox God’s Seal and Raymont’s special seal. After he returned, it took him a full 18 years, which was two years ago, to refine the seal. It was slightly easier to refine the seal he had given Raymont. It took Raymont 15 years to successfully refine it.

It took another year or two for him to experiment with the characteristics of Raymont’s seal. It did not increase one’s strength, but it had an undying characteristic. They called it the Immortal Seal.

“Alright, I’ve answered your fourth question. There’s one last question.” Ullr had a faint smile on his face as he looked at Xu Tui.

“One last question…” Xu Tui’s eyes flashed. He felt that he did not have enough questions. Ullr confirmed that he answered the source of the seal, but he did not say the location. At this moment, Xu Tui really wanted to know where Ullr had obtained the seal. “Uh, Ullr, I suddenly want to add another question,” Xu Tui said.

Ullr was stunned. “No, you said that you would ask five questions. I answered the first four truthfully. Now, there’s only one question left. How can you increase it? You didn’t keep your promise!”

“No, no, no!” Xu Tui shook his head. “I keep my promises. However, there is a question that Mr. Shang and Miss Erera asked me to ask you at the last minute.

It is related to your position. Therefore, I want to ask you another question.” Xu Tui had a sly expression.

“Then why didn’t Mr. Shang ask me directly?” Ullr already understood that this was Xu Tui’s excuse. He was a little depressed.

“Then should I get them to ask you directly?” Xu Tui pretended to get up.

Ullr had no choice but to wave his hand. “Forget it. Ask away. There are still two more.”

Ullr was very depressed. He knew that this was Xu Tui’s excuse. However, if Xu Tui really wanted to contact Shang Long and Erera, they would definitely cooperate with Xu Tui. He still had to answer one more question. He might as well agree readily now.

seals?” Xu Tui looked at Ullr. His spiritual resonance had been enhanced to the extreme.

Ullr looked at Xu Tui steadily and said, “I knew it. I knew that this was the problem you added.” Xu Tui smiled. He continued to look at Ullr, waiting for an answer. “It looks like you want to explore this place too?” Ullr asked.

“If I have the time, or if it’s valuable, I might go.” Xu Tui did not hide his goal.

“Alright. In your words, you have to lower your head when you’re under the roof.” Ullr sighed. “Actually, you’ve been to that place.”

“I’ve been there?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Terry meteorite belt!”

“The Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization’s Far Light Base?” Xu Tui’s gaze turned cold. “What do you have to do with Dawn Salvation?”

Xu Tui remembered the Far Light Base very well. Back then, he had accidentally barged into the Terry meteorite belt and discovered the hidden Far Light Base. He had dealt with it. This Far Light Base belonged to Dawn. He did not expect Ullr’s seal to come from the Terry meteorite belt.

“We have a cooperative relationship!” Ullr said lightly. Then, under Xu Tui’s fierce gaze, Ullr said, “Are you very surprised to have a cooperative relationship with Dawn Salvation? I can tell you responsibly that other than the Huaxia Sector, the other sectors have more or less connections with Dawn Salvation and—deal!”

Xu Tui stared at Ullr for a while before his expression eased. What Ullr said should be the truth. Itavi’s human trafficking back then must have been related to Dawn Salvation.

Xu Tui felt a little regretful. Back in the Terry meteorite belt, they had encountered several waves of meteorite attacks before they discovered the Far Light Base. They thought that the meteorite attack was to hide the Far Light Base.

However, from the looks of it, the meteorite attacks controlled by those people, including the Far Light Base, might still be hiding something deeper.

For example, the mysterious place that Ullr mentioned.

“Where is that place exactly?” Xu Tui asked.

“The sixth question?”

“That should be the fifth question.”

“Actually, when you reach the Terry meteorite belt and continue deeper, when you reach the core of the meteorite belt, enter a place where all the technological equipment will malfunction. Explore carefully and you will discover that place.

“Because all the technological equipment will malfunction, and I don’t have coordinates here. However, I have to remind you that if you are going to explore, you have to be careful! There are killing intents every step there! ” Ullr reminded him.

“Thank you!” Whether the reminder was sincere or not, Ullr still gave Xu Tui a reminder.

“Then the sixth question,” Ullr said.

“The sixth question is actually a matter of position. Mr. Shang and the others want to know how far you have reached in your trading cooperation with the Muyas, the Spiritual Race, and the Great Xi Clan,” Xu Tui asked.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, looked at Xu Tui. “Does this count as an internal review of me?”

“You can understand it that way. You should understand, right?” Xu Tui’s words were a little confusing. However, he believed that with the cunningness of

Ullr, he understood..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1