Chapter 1551 - 1551: The Answer To Five Questions And Good News (1)

Chapter 1551 - 1551: The Answer to Five Questions and Good News (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There were some questions that one would not be able to think of an answer to even if they racked their brains.

However, it was worthless after he said it. Or perhaps, this was the charm of the mystery.

For example, when they were exploring the small universe of the Heavenly Court, how did the Myth team led by Ullr enter the Heavenly Court through the Southern Heavenly Gate guarded by the army of the Heavenly Court?

Ullr’s answer was simple.

As the orthodox god of the Lightning Division, he brought people through the Southern Heavenly Gate and returned to the Heavenly Court.

The seal that Ullr had obtained was the seal of the Lightning Division.

There were many stories about the orthodox gods of the Lightning Division in the Huaxia Dao Sect. Some said that they were the gods, Wen Zhong, some said that they were the thunder of the Nine Heavens, and some, the incarnation of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole.

However, according to the information Xu Tui had obtained from the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and what Ullr had said, the various departments of the Heavenly Court had a orthodox god. Below the orthodox god, the various departments had different positions.

Among them, the Lightning Division had the most members.

There were 24 Lords of Lightning under the orthodox gods.

The level of the orthodox gods in the Lightning Division was rather high. They were on the same level as Lord Nandou. It could be said that under the six imperials, other than the Four Phases Divine Lord, the rest depended on the Lightning Division.

Therefore, as the orthodox god of the Lightning Division, Ullr went straight to the Southern Heavenly Gate after entering the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Along the way, the patrolling troops of the Heavenly Court that they encountered retreated. After arriving at the Southern Heavenly Gate, he revealed his identity and was welcomed in by the guard of the Southern Heavenly Gate. Then, he was sent into the Heavenly Court.

In other words, within the Heavenly Court, a clergy was a clergy, and a military position was a military position.

However, Ullr’s position as the orthodox god of the Lightning Division could only allow him to enter. He could not command the garrison of the Southern Heavenly Gate.

The Six Imperials were different from the orthodox gods of the Lightning Division.

The Six Imperials were the highest-ranking people in the Heavenly Court, but they could directly interfere in the military to a certain extent.

This was also the reason why Ullr wanted to refine the seal of the Great Emperor Ziwei.

The previous battles had made Ullr very vigilant against Xu Tui’s ability to set up illusions. As a result, Ullr’s mind power was on high alert in front of Xu Tui. This was also the reason why Xu Tui had requested for Ullr to answer the questions in his spiritual resonance state.

It was because Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance required the cooperation of his spiritual support to determine if Ullr was telling the truth.

Therefore, when Ullr slightly relaxed his Spiritual Alert and allowed Xu Tui to use his spiritual radiation and spiritual resonance on him, Xu Tui asked five questions.

The first question was how they could enter the Heavenly Court. The answer he received felt that it was not worth it. However, this was the characteristic of intelligence.

Xu Tui’s second question was about Raymont’s undying secret. He wanted to know why Raymont could revive after he killed him last time. Was it a technology that the Blue Star did not have yet? Or was it another special method? Or had he obtained a brand new breakthrough in the more traditional cloning technique?

This question was very important to Xu Tui. If it was a technology or ability that could be replicated, it would be extremely meaningful to the Blue Star.

Even if the replication conditions were extremely high, it was worth asking.

Ullr gave Xu Tui’s answer through the spiritual resonance.

It was the effect of a special seal. It was the special seal that Raymont had refined. After it was completely refined, it would condense into a 20 -centimeter- sized clone.

As long as he placed this small clone somewhere else, if Raymont died in battle, the special seal would return with Raymont’s mental body and fuse with the clone. Then, Raymont would be revived again.

They had done all kinds of experiments. Raymont’s strength, memories, genes, and personality had not changed after he was revived. The only price was that he needed a large amount of energy to completely refine and condense this small clone.

The basic amount was about 100,000 grams of Origin Crystals. The reason why there was no precise number was that this consumption would increase as Raymont’s strength increased. It could be considered a rather extravagant ability to spend money.

But was it extravagant? Who wouldn’t be willing to have an extra life for 100,000 grams of Origin Crystals?

This was also the reason why Ullr wanted to save Raymont previously. A Six Satellites wind-type supernatural being was actually very powerful. However, he was defeated by Xu Tui. Most importantly, it took a long time to refine this special seal.

The answers to Xu Tui’s third and fourth questions were basically the same.

The third and fourth questions were all related to the source of the seal. For example, where did the seal of the orthodox god of the Lightning Division that Ullr used come from?

Ullr said that he had obtained it from a battlefield-like place.

Twenty-three years ago, the extra-terrestrial situation on the Blue Star was relatively stable. The Lord of Myths, Ullr, personally led a team to travel far in the solar system and search for a planet that could establish a hidden base.

At that time, Ullr knew very well that there were no planets on the Blue Star that he could develop vigorously, including the planets that were relatively easy to reach in the extra-terrestrial, such as the Moon and Mars.

So he took the risk to bring people on a long-range search. He wanted to find a few planets that could allow him to develop independently. A year and a half after his long voyage, he accidentally barged into a planet to explore and entered a very strange place.

His fleet and entourage had died for no reason..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1