Chapter 1559 - 1559: Current Cultivation Ceiling

Chapter 1559 - 1559: Current Cultivation Ceiling

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As a Genetic Miracle researcher, it was too easy for Xu Tui to study the changes after the Mount Heng Divine Seal returned. It took more than 20 minutes to test it out.

The form changed, it turned from illusion to reality. The so-called illusory here did not mean that it was illusory in the past. It also existed in the past. However, Xu Tui could not use the Mount Heng Divine Seal as a real object.

However, the current Mount Heng Divine Seal could be used as a physical object, be it for attack or defense. Wherever it was, it was like a mountain.

The Mount Heng Divine Seal had only appeared above Xu Tui’s mental body like an object. However, after it completely returned to its position this time, the Mount Heng Divine Seal appeared at the waist of Xu Tui’s mental body. This was what it meant to have a seal at your waist.

The Mount Heng Divine Seal that had returned to its original position had a very direct connection with Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula. There was already a wisp of the aura of the Mount Heng Divine Seal in the Mountain Nova.

The change caused by this situation was that before this, when Xu Tui used the Mount Heng Divine Seal to enhance the Mountain Seal, he first condensed the Mountain Seal, then fused it with the Mount Heng Divine Seal.

Now, he could use the Mount Heng Divine Seal as the core to instantiate a

nearly real mountain and smash it down. Its power increased explosively.

When he used the Mount Heng Divine Seal as the core to instantiate the Mountain Seal, the Origin Energy gathered from all directions by the Mountain Seal would increase greatly. At the same time, the original quantum frequency of the mountain that was instantiated would also be magnified by the Mount Heng Divine Seal.

This was the reason for the explosive increase in power. The enhancement to the power of the Mountain Seal after he completely refined the Mount Heng Divine Seal had already exceeded Xu Tui’s expectations.

Moreover, that was not all.

On the way from Mount Heng to Mount Hua, Xu Tui realized that the Mount

Heng Divine Seal could not only completely affect the Mount Heng Mountains.

There were varying degrees of impact on the various mountains they passed along the way. Although it did not reach the impact of Mount Heng, the impact was still considerable. This influence was displayed in his energy mobilization and perception.

Other than that, there was another feeling.

Previously, when Xu Tui activated the Mount Heng Divine Seal, he had a faint feeling that he could move a certain mountain peak on Mount Heng. He could move mountains, too.

However, Xu Tui did not dare to try. Who knew how long Xu Tui would be unconscious that day if his mind power was depleted?

Xu Tui arrived above Mount Hua. At the same time, the Huashan Divine Seal in his body had already begun to move. However, the abnormal movements were not that strong.

A minute later, Xu Tui landed on the top of the southern peak of Mount Hua. The Huashan Divine Seal flew above his head. Under the injection of his mind power, the refinement progress of the Huashan Divine Seal began to soar.

Xu Tui tested it out. The refinement speed on the peak had increased by about

1% in an hour. It would take less than three days to completely refine the Huashan Divine Seal. He wondered what would happen after he completely refined the Huashan Divine Seal.

In the next moment, Xu Tui teleported into the core of Mount Hua. In the Huashan Cave, the refinement speed of the Huashan Divine Seal did not increase. However, the concentration of energy in the Huashan Cave shocked Xu Tui.

However, he came to a realization when he thought about it.

The Mount Hua Range belonged to the entire Qinling Mountains. The Qinling Mountains had always been the dragon vein of Huaxia. It was normal for the energy concentration here to be astonishing.

Although the refinement progress of the Huashan Divine Seal was only 30%, it could already mobilize the energy in the Mount Hua Range to the Huashan

Cave.

However, the effect of mobilizing it was much weaker than completely refining the Mount Heng Divine Seal.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui activated it with all his might. Even though the natural energy concentration of the Mount Hua Ranges was higher than that of the Mount Heng Ranges, the energy concentration in the Huashan Cave only barely reached 35.

It was much inferior to the Heng Cave. However, it was also possible to cultivate.

Xu Tui refined the Huashan Divine Seal as he cultivated. He suddenly remembered the influence of the Mount Heng Divine Seal on the other mountain ranges. With a thought, the Mount Heng Divine Seal flew out from behind his head and flew straight to the top of Mount Hua.

At the top of Mount Hua, the Mount Heng Divine Seal hung high. The divine light shot in all directions.

Under the activation of Xu Tui’s seal, the Mount Heng Divine Seal also affected the Mount Hua Range to a certain extent, about 10%.

However, what surprised Xu Tui was that the divine power of the Mount Heng Divine Seal could spread to the Qinling Mountains further away.

Although the further it was, the weaker the effect, the Qinling Mountains were 1,500 kilometers long. It was extremely wide. Although the range of mobilization was small, it could not withstand a large amount.

Not long after, the concentration of energy in the Huashan Cave increased to

His cultivation speed was only slightly slower than the Heng Cave.

Xu Tui cultivated as he refined it. A day and a half later, the refinement progress of the Huashan Divine Seal was 70%. His mind power main planet had been strengthened to the mid-stage of the seventh-level star halo.

Under the enhancement of the various new stars, the main planet of mind power could already show eight halos.

Xu Tui thought about it and did not continue to cultivate his mind power. Instead, he began to cultivate the Vajra sub-main planet.

A day later, Xu Tui completely refined the Huashan Divine Seal. It was not much different from the Mount Heng Divine Seal.

It could gather the energy of the entire Mount Hua Mountain Range into the Huashan Cave. Moreover, with the cooperation of the Mount Heng Divine Seal, it could gather more energy from the Qinling Mountains.

Xu Tui understood that this might be the only time his cultivation level could increase explosively. After this point, he would have to improve his cultivation step by step in the future. In a short period of time, he would not be able to obtain other seals before the small universe of the Heavenly Court was reopened.

On the 19th of September, Xu Tui cultivated the Vajra Sub-Main Planet to the mid-stage of the sixth star halo.

Three days later, on the 20th of September, Xu Tui cultivated the Mountain Nova, the Blizzard Domain, the mental hammer, and the Time Distortion Nova to the fifth level.

Four days later, on the 24th of September, after Xu Tui cultivated the Mountain Nova and the Time Distortion Nova to the sixth level, the energy accumulated in the Mount Hua Mountain Range for hundreds of years was exhausted.

The concentration of energy in the Huashan Cave had dropped to 4.2.

However, because the Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal exerted their strength at the same time, they could gather the energy of the Qinling Mountains further away. Therefore, the energy concentration in the Huashan Cave was still higher than in the Heng Cave.

It could reach 21.

To Xu Tui, it still had a cultivation effect. However, in such a concentration of energy, it was not cost-effective to use it to cultivate new stars which had already broken through to the fifth or even the sixth star halo.

After pondering for a while, Xu Tui decided to take this opportunity to condense a new star.

In the communication with Cai Shaochu these days, the battle of the small universe of the Heavenly Court had severely injured the Muyas and the Spiritual Race. The Great Xi Clan had also suffered considerable losses.

Recently, the three races had been living in peace. Of course, it was only on the surface. He could be sure that they were thinking of ways to use their methods to gather reinforcements or explore the small universe that was gradually appearing in the cosmic passageway.

The Blue Star was not stupid. They took advantage of this precious time to let the elites under them undergo restoration and improvement.

This was especially so for the energy gathering array that Xu Tui had contributed. It could mass-produce many cultivation holy lands with energy concentration above 10. Many people on the Blue Star also used this opportunity to quickly break through.

It could be said that the battle of the small universe of the Heavenly Court ushered in a short period of peace on the Blue Star. It also ushered in a period of rapid development.

Of course, this was a chance to kill their way out. Although it could be foreseen that the storm might be stronger in the future, Xu Tui felt that his trip to the small universe of the Heavenly Court had gone too smoothly.

The exploration of the Heavenly Court had brought benefits to the Blue Star. Would it bring about changes to the other three races?

Xu Tui hoped that it would not. However, from a rational deduction, it was very likely that it would bring changes to the three races.

Why did he say that?

This was because the range of the planets controlled by the Six Imperials, Four Symbols, the 28 Constellations of the ancient Heavenly Court, and so on was extremely vast.

Since the small universe of the Heavenly Court had been unsealed and had changed the solar system that the ancient Heavenly Court had once ruled, would there be similar changes to the other planets that the ancient Heavenly Court had once ruled?

In that case…

This was also the reason why Xu Tui returned to the Blue Star first and used the Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal to increase his strength crazily.

Xu Tui was very anxious about this. However, all his anxiety turned into a motivation to increase his strength.

Although condensing a new star would not increase Xu Tui’s strength much, this was an inevitable process. Moreover, having an additional power star would also strengthen the enhancement of other power stars. It was also increasing one’s strength.

In that case, which new star should he condense?

After considering it for only a minute, Xu Tui decided to condense the genetic ability chain of Spiritual Concealment. The ability of illusion did not have much combat strength, but it was very useful at critical moments.

After condensing a star, its influence on Planetary realm powerhouses would greatly increase. The possibility of being seen through would decrease. It was worth condensing a star.

It was too easy for Xu Tui to condense a star. With the help of the dense energy here, the Spiritual Concealment Nova was successfully condensed an hour later.

At this point, Xu Tui already had five satellites. He was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. At this moment, Xu Tui’s strength had already been strengthened to the mid-stage of the sixth star halo because of the Vajra secondary star force field.

The foundation for breaking through to the Seven Satellites Planetary realm was the seven star halos of the main planet. One of the new stars had at least six star halos, and at least one new star had five star halos.

Xu Tui met all of these requirements. He thought about it. In for a penny in for a pound, he broke through again. This time, he condensed the genetic ability chain of the quantum entanglement state.

Energy Teleportation Nova.

There were seven star halos on the main planet, one new star with six star halos, and Xu Tui had successfully broken through to the seventh star halo.

Seven Satellites Planetary realm!

However, there was a difference from the other Seven Satellites Planetary realms. That was because Xu Tui’s main planet was the main planet of mind power. The other Planetary realm powerhouses of the Seven Satellites were the new stars of power.

From this point of view, Xu Tui was not purely in the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. However, it had been achieved in the data. For the time being, the

Planetary realm of the Seven Satellites was the ceiling of Xu Tui’s cultivation.

Xu Tui slowly observed his main planet’s force field and secondary planet’s force field with his introspection. He suddenly had a bold thought.

The idea of breaking through the cultivation ceiling..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1