Chapter 1568 - 1568: Dividend And The Strange Movement Of The Great Xi Clan

Chapter 1568: Dividend and the Strange Movement of the Great Xi Clan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had gathered 100% of the origin power of the Water Origin Palace. This first wave of enjoyment naturally belonged to him. His comprehension during the refinement triggered a change in the concentration of energy in the Water Origin Palace.

However, this level of change was incomparable to the changes in Shenxiao

Prefecture, Huashan, and Heng Cave. In the end, only the new star of the Blizzard Domain was strengthened from the early-stage to the mid-stage of the fifth star halo.

Xu Tui did not gain much with his current strength. However, refining all of the origin power of the Water Origin Palace had greatly increased his strength. After refining and comprehending for two days, Xu Tui was almost at ease with many water-type and ice-type supernatural abilities.

Its power was average.

Of course, this usually refers to the power of Xu Tui’s many abilities. If it was combined with his extremely powerful mind power and the Blizzard Domain, its power would be very strong.

It could be said that with Xu Tui’s current attainments, he had become an all-rounded water- and ice-type supernatural being cultivator after he refined the origin power of the Water Origin Palace.

Under the same conditions, the ability to instantiate without special cultivation was a little weaker than the ability supported by the genetic ability chain.

However, there were very few cultivators in this world who had the same conditions as Xu Tui. At least not at the moment.

Therefore, under such circumstances, Xu Tui had a few abilities supported by the genetic ability chain, such as the Blizzard Domain, the Frost Nova, the Frost Puppet, and so on. Their power increased and their consumption decreased.

His combat strength had increased to a certain extent. Of course, compared to Xu Tui’s current combat strength, the increase was actually relatively low. However, it was different for others.

Two days later, Xu Tui first placed all of the Origin Power of the Water Origin Palace into the core water eye. Then, he gave Bu Qingqiu to refine it. Bu Qingqiu took a slightly longer time to refine it than Xu Tui, but she gained much more than Xu Tui.

This was especially so for the improvement in supernatural abilities. It could be said to have erupted.

Bu Qingqiu could make impressive things out of the water and ice supernatural abilities.

After Bu Qingqiu, Li Zheng began to refine the Origin Power of the Water Origin Palace.

Li Zheng was also a water-type supernatural being. However, Li Zheng was actually in a more awkward position in the Worldly Demon Slayers. She could not attack or defend well. Her long-range attacks were not especially powerful. Her strength was currently at the quasi-planetary realm and she had not broken through.

As for the seal, there was no suitable clergy seal that belonged to her.

However, the Origin Power of the Water Origin Palace allowed Li Zheng to break through to the Planetary realm during the refinement process. The power of her supernatural abilities had also greatly increased.

On the other side, Cai Shaochu was not idle either.

Xu Tui had taken the initiative to give 60% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power to Augustus and the other earth-element supernatural beings to refine and comprehend. As they did not capture the Earth Palace, the process of taking over was a little laborious.

However, the results were still very great. Augustus had been promoted to the Six Satellites because of this. The two earth-element supernatural beings also broke through their bottlenecks.

Therefore, Ullr returned the price of giving up 30% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power—30% of the Wood Origin Palace’s origin power—to Cai Shaochu.

Of course, the price of returning it was that Ullr would have three chances to comprehend it.

Ullr would send two water-type supernatural beings and one earth-element supernatural being to refine and comprehend the origin power of the Earth and Water Origin Palaces. It was also to increase the power of his subordinates.

Of course, although Ullr belonged to the Worldly Demon Slayers, he was an independent team. No matter how he looked at it, he could not be completely trusted.

As a result, Xu Tui also explained to him that even if he did not mention the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace, Ullr could only refine and comprehend 60% of the origin power of the Water Origin Palace.

Ullr happily accepted this. At this stage, Ullr would not dare to believe Xu Tui if he completely trusted him and handed over the origin power of the Water Origin Palace to his subordinates, much less come.

After the origin power of the Wood Origin Palace on Cai Shaochu’s side gathered again, he first gave Shang Long and Erera an experience each. It was not just the power of the Wood Origin Palace. Shang Long and Erera had also experienced the power of the Earth Origin Palace and the Water Origin Palace once.

Shang Long’s cultivation did not increase because of this, but the result of his comprehension was that he had a better understanding of the changes in the origin power of the earth, water, and wood attributes or supernatural powers.

If he understood the characteristics of these three supernatural powers better, it would be easier to deal with them in the future. He was pleasantly surprised that during the process of Erera’s refinement, the cultivation of the Seven Satellites had increased, and the power of her supernatural abilities had also increased.

This meant that she was the head of the gambling house.

This made Xu Tui and the others more open to the origin power of the various original palaces.

Planetary realm powerhouses above the Five Satellites were prioritized for refinement and comprehension.

There were three effects.

Firstly, a small number of people could obtain an effect similar to an epiphany during the process of comprehending and increasing their cultivation. Secondly, under mutual verification, the power of a portion of people’s supernatural abilities could be increased to a certain extent, representing people like Ruan Tianzuo and Ganjiv.

Thirdly, most or all of the people who comprehended it had a deep understanding of the supernatural abilities of earth, water, and wood. It would be more convenient for them to deal with these supernatural beings’ attacks in the future.

That was what it meant to know your enemy and never be defeated.

Of course, some situations were for later.

The fourth person to comprehend the origin power of the Wood Origin Palace was actually Mu Xingluan, who was under Xu Tui. Wood-type supernatural being cultivators relied more on talent. There were fewer cultivators. Even fewer people came to the extra-terrestrial to work.

The effect of Mu Xingluan refining the origin power of the Water Origin Palace could be said to be the best. Not only did it exceed the effect of Bu Qingqiu refining the origin power of the Water Origin Palace, but it also exceeded the effect of Li Zheng refining the origin power of the Water Origin Palace.

Her cultivation level had directly broken through to the Two Satellites Planetary realm, and the power of her supernatural abilities had greatly increased

Actually, Xu Tui had a plan for Mu Xingluan’s strength.

Among the orthodox gods of the Heavenly Court, there was a orthodox god of the Plague Division. In terms of source, he was considered a plant and was extremely compatible with Mu Xingluan.

If she could obtain it, it would greatly increase Mu Xingluan’s combat strength.

Unfortunately, the small universe of the Heavenly Court was currently sealed.

He could only look forward to seeing if he could find it the next time the Heavenly Court opened. Breaking through the Water Origin Palace and destroying the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force was the first battle record since the establishment of the Worldly Demon Slayers.

The refinement and comprehension of the origin power of the three Origin Palaces could be considered the first wave of dividends since the establishment of the Worldly Demon Slayers. Especially since this dividend was for high-level Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star.

The strength of the high-level Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star had increased to varying degrees. The cohesion of the Worldly Demon Slayers had also greatly increased. It was no longer like the loose sand that they had forcefully created when they were first established.

The cohesion of a complicated group could not last long just by deterrence. Only by cooperating with enough benefits could it last long.

Xu Tui understood this. However, while the higher-ups of the Worldly Demon Slayers were enjoying the dividends, Xu Tui was discussing another problem with Shang Long.

The battle plan to attack the Earth Origin Palace!

“Mr. Shang, do you think we have the possibility of attacking the Earth Origin Palace with our current strength?” Xu Tui asked.

“That depends on the Spiritual Race. If the Spiritual Race’s reinforcements are extremely determined, then it’s impossible for us to break through the Earth Origin Palace and the Great Xi Clan. However, as long as the Spiritual Race is not that determined in their support for the Earth Origin Palace, we can still break through the Earth Origin Palace, ” Shang Long said.

“If that’s the case, Mr. Shang, we can try.” Xu Tui was eager to try.

“We can give it a try. However, I reckon that we won’t be able to kill the Great Xi’s executive, Gu Ji, no matter what, as long as he wants to escape,” Shang Long said.

“You can’t even retain him with your current strength?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Yes.” Shang Long nodded heavily. “This is also what I want to tell you now. Although your strength has increased greatly and you even killed the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Seven Satellites, Dylin,

“Don’t think that you have the possibility of resisting a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. I can tell you clearly that with your performance when you killed Dylin, you can protect yourself against the Eight Satellites, but against the Nine Satellites, you have to prioritize your life. Nine Satellites was different! I’m talking about any of the Nine Satellites,” Shang Long said.

“What’s different about the Nine Satellites?” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

Shang Long thought for a moment. It made sense. “How about this? Although I’m an Eight Satellites, I’ve already touched the power of the Nine Satellites. I’ll let you experience it. You can also have a basic consideration when you encounter the Nine Satellites Planetary realm in the future.”

“Alright.”

This was the first official lesson that Shang Long, the founder of the Genetic Miracle, had taught Xu Tui.

However, before the lesson started, Pei Tiefeng, who was on guard, reported anxiously, “Mr. Shang, Commander, there are abnormal movements in the Great Xi Clan. There are changes in the cosmic tunnel..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1