Chapter 1561 - 1561: Ceres Star Combat Plan

Chapter 1561: Ceres Star Combat Plan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The next day was October 1st.

In front of the square of the capital, even though the sky was still dark, there was already a crowd. Be it An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, Yan Xuejin, or Zhao Hailong, they had all broken through to the Planetary realm. However, they still had a headache facing such a turbulent crowd.

After all, they could not use their supernatural abilities here. However, with the help of his mental perception, everyone quickly met up with Xu Tui.

“Commander, gather here? What are we doing?” After gathering, Yan Lie was a little puzzled.

“Here, have you forgotten?” Xu Tui pointed at the flagpole in the distance. Zhao Hailong was the first to react. He immediately became serious. “Today is our National Day. It’s rare for us to come back. Let’s watch the flag-raising ceremony!”

“Understood ! ”

Everyone immediately became solemn.

Twenty minutes later, when the first rays of sunlight appeared in the east, the solemn national anthem sounded. As the flag-raising personnel saluted, Xu

Tui and the others also saluted solemnly.

Military salute!

The five of them had participated in militarization training. Zhao Hailong even had a military position. Military salutations were of course. However, Xu Tui and the other three who were saluting were exceptionally eye-catching in the quiet crowd.

After the flag-raising ceremony ended, someone wanted to take photos and post videos.

The spiritual radiation and spiritual vibration spread out at the same time. Xu Tui and the other three left in a short period of time. As for the few people who had just picked up their communication devices, they looked a little confused. What were they doing? Why did they seem to have forgotten? Were they going to take a selfie?

After watching the flag-raising ceremony, everyone’s cultivation vacation ended.

Father Xu and Mother Xu had long known that their son and future daughter-in-law were leaving. However, Mother Xu did not shed a tear even after Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue left. After his son left, Mother Xu was already crying in Father Xu’s arms.

“It’s been a few years since we parted. I don’t know when we’ll meet again! The two of them have been together for so long, but they don’t even know how to leave a grandson for us!” Zhang Xiuli complained as she cried.

This made Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, who were secretly looking at their parents with their mental perception, feel a little awkward.

This might be the most difficult time. Xu Tui also wanted to be like when he was in school. He would leave early and return late every day to accompany his parents. However, the Blue Star needed someone to protect it.

Xu Tui was already a man and a warrior. He had a responsibility!

“Let’s go. Perhaps I can come back early one day.”

The group headed straight for the Juntian Spaceport. The fighter jet had already been arranged. Ten minutes later, it successfully took off. Actually, Xu Tui had already mentioned bringing his father and mother away from the Blue

Star to another planet.

However, his parents were unwilling.

Zhang Xiuli only asked one question. Would she be able to see Xu Tui every day on other planets?

Xu Tui could only shake his head and smile bitterly at this question. In any case, she could not see her son every day. So she might as well stay on the Blue Star. This place was comfortable!

As for his father, Xu Jianguo, he was more conservative.

According to his father, if he had the chance in the future, he could travel to extra-terrestrial planets for a month. But now, he would not go to other planets for the sake of the so-called danger.

He had to die on the Blue Star! This was his root!

They arrived at the Moon in less than four and a half hours after setting off from the Blue Star on the Aerospace Combat Jet. On the way, Xu Tui discussed the cultivation situation with An Xiaoxue and the other three. He roughly understood the current cultivation progress of the four of them.

An Xiaoxue had two seals on her, so her cultivation progress was the fastest.

Among them, Rabbit Seal had already been completely refined by An Xiaoxue. In other words, An Xiaoxue had officially taken up the position of the Star Official Rabbit Taichong.

The refinement progress of the Auspicious Cow Seal also greatly accelerated, reaching 40%. It was estimated that the refinement would be completely completed in the next month or two.

Of course, the greatest change was strength.

The 25 days of bitter cultivation in the Blessed Enclave, the energy gathering array, and the help of the Star Official’s seal allowed An Xiaoxue’s cultivation to advance by leaps and bounds. After breaking through to the Planetary realm, she broke through to the Three Satellites Planetary realm in one go.

In fact, An Xiaoxue’s main planet had already broken through to the mid-stage of the fourth star halo. From this point of view, An Xiaoxue’s main battle ability was no different from the Four Satellites Planetary realm.

Of course, his combat strength would be stronger.

However, there were only three new power stars. One of them was a new star of mind power. As a result, An Xiaoxue’s mind power soared again.

Yan Lie and Yan Xuejin had broken through to the Planetary realm before they came, especially since he and Yan Xuejin were standing on the corresponding positions. They could enhance and assist each other. Their cultivation speed was not slower than An Xiaoxue, who had two seals.

The two of them had also broken through to the Three Satellites Planetary realm. Yan Lie’s main planet ability had also reached the fourth level of star halo, and his combat strength was powerful.

In comparison, Zhao Hailong’s breakthrough was a little weak. His seal was currently at about 75% refinement progress. He would be able to completely refine it in another month. However, his seal was relatively weaker in support of cultivation. He mainly relied on the Blessed Enclave and the Energy Gathering Array. More than 20 days only allowed him to break through and reach the Two Satellites Planetary realm.

Of course, Xu Tui was just saying it. If it were anyone else, this would be a rocket-like increase in speed.

Li Zhen welcomed Xu Tui and the others. However, when he saw Xu Tui and the others again, Li Zhen was so shocked that he could not close his mouth. “Damn, Commander Xu, did your cultivation get on a plane? When are you going to take care of me?”

Li Zhen knew Xu Tui’s cultivation level very well when he went to the Blue Star. And when everyone had returned, their cultivation had soared. This was especially so for Zhao Hailong. He was a quasi-planetary when he went, and a

Planetary realm when he returned. He was about to die of envy!

“Let’s go. Follow me to the frontline to kill for a year or two. I guarantee that you will break through to the Planetary realm,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Hey, hey, hey, you’re angering me! I want to go to the frontline, but military orders are like mountains!”

Xu Tui smiled. “Then give me a few more boxes of the September Frost Wine.”

“I’ve already prepared it for you! Commander Xu, even if you don’t take care of me, my niece, Li Zheng, is under your command. You can’t favor one over the other,” Li Zhen said.

“Do I need you to tell me? Li Zheng is my teammate!”

Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue in front of the quantum teleportation channel.

Currently, there are only two quantum teleportation channels left on the moon. The five of them were in the Planetary realm. Under normal circumstances, it would take at least three days for them to pass. There were no other emergencies to disturb them.

However, Xu Tui was looking forward to An Xiaoxue’s Rabbit ability.

Previously, before she completely refined it, An Xiaoxue could bring two more people with her before she broke through to the Planetary realm. What about now?

A minute later, Xu Tui saw it. In the quantum teleportation channel, the Rabbit Taichong Seal that An Xiaoxue had activated emitted a faint starlight, making the quantum teleportation channel extremely stable.

After Xu Tui and Zhao Hailong, who had the weakest cultivation, stepped in, An Xiaoxue, who had her eyes half-closed, suddenly said, “Xuejin, come in too.”

Yan Xuejin stepped in.

Yan Lie curled his lips. They were going to abandon him and let him walk another path. However, he did not expect An Xiaoxue to suddenly say ten seconds later, “Yan Lie, come in too.’

Xu Tui was stunned. “It can actually pass five people at once?”

“I feel that it has not reached the upper limit of its load. If there is, I should be able to bring one more person! However, it is also related to the low cultivation level of everyone present! If we were all Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, I could only bring fewer of them,” An Xiaoxue said.

In the next moment, An Xiaoxue stepped into the quantum teleportation channel with her other foot. Thirty seconds later, everyone appeared on Planet Kono. After confirming that it had only consumed 20% of An Xiaoxue’s mind power, Xu Tui was overjoyed, but he was even more looking forward to it.

The function of the Rabbit Taichong Seal was too practical.

The Rabbit Taichong Seal was not high-level, but it was very practical. Then, was there any special use for the other Auspicious Cow Seal?

Or perhaps, did the other Twelve Zodiac Seals all have similar special functions?

The seal of the Heavenly Court was more complicated and useful than Xu Tui had imagined. It was not just a sign of a clergy.

Xu Tui and the others had already arrived at Ceres Star from Planet Kono. In the Earth Origin Palace of Ceres Star, everyone who had received Xu Tui’s orders, including Cai Shaochu, Qu Qingshan, Li Qingping, and Erera, were already in attendance.

They had already gathered at Ceres Star over the past few days because they had received Xu Tui’s orders.

It was worth mentioning that when Wen Shao saw Qu Qingshan, who had just returned from Mars and whose cultivation had soared to the Four Satellites, he had a slightly resentful expression.

“Principal, Mr. Shang, since everyone is here, if there are no problems with the battle plan I submitted previously, let’s start implementing it,” Xu Tui said directly. He was cultivating on the Blue Star, but his mind was not idle. He had already submitted his battle plan.

“There’s no problem with your battle plan. However, can you fight the first battle alone?” Cai Shaochu asked worriedly..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1