Chapter 1563 - 1563: The Danger Of Curiosity (2)

Chapter 1563: The Danger of Curiosity (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Bang!

Suddenly, the door of Bishop Xiliude’s lounge was pushed open. The person who pushed open the door was a Planetary realm cultivator.

This made Xiliude frown. He was in need of people now. If this was in their local country, this guy would have already been killed by his orders if he dared to barge in like this.

“Sir, Lord… Lord Kaedo is back!”

Xiliude was stunned for a moment. His eyes suddenly widened. “What did you say? Who? Who’s back?”

“Kaedo, it’s Lord Kaedo!”

Bishop Xiliude stood up and took a hurried step forward. However, he paused for a moment before retracting his step. After catching his breath and calming himself down, Bishop Xiliude slowly sat back in his chair and regained his composure. “He’s back. Where is he? What’s the situation?”

“He’s already entered the Water Origin Palace. He brought the Officiant Gabe and Lord Derry. They’ve returned and said that they want to see you,” the Planetary realm Muya said.

“Why did you let them in directly? Why didn’t you block them outside the palace first?”

Xiliude’s scolding made the Planetary realm cultivator not dare to make a sound. Seeing this, Xiliude was helpless.

“Bring them to see me in front of the statue in the main hall in a minute.” Bishop Xiliude waved his hand. Then, Xiliude stood up and headed to the main hall. At the same time, he used his personal holy token to inform Dylin. “Dylin, Kaedo is back. Come to the main hall!”

Commander Dylin was stunned for a moment. “Kaedo is back? Lord Bishop, I’ll be right there!”

Although Xiliude had reviewed it countless times and felt that Kaedo, who he had brought over from the local area, could not be a traitor, he still felt that it was better to be careful.

Two minutes later, Bishop Xiliude understood why the Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm guards of the Water Origin Temple could not stop Kaedo.

The current Kaedo was too strong!

Five Satellites.

Five Satellites Planetary realm.

This made Xiliude’s heart skip a beat. If they confirmed that Kaedo was not a traitor, his return would greatly increase their strength. At this moment, the addition of a Five Satellites Planetary realm was definitely an extremely powerful force.

Especially when Kaedo was in the quasi-planetary realm, he was already able to fight the Five Satellites Planetary realm. What about when Kaedo broke through to the Planetary realm?

Of course, Xiliude was also very curious about how Kaedo’s cultivation quickly broke through to the Five Satellites. This was almost a miracle.

However, miracles were not rare among the Muyas.

Dylin stepped into the main hall almost at the same time as Xu Tui. His pupils constricted the moment he stepped into the main hall. He felt a strong threat from Kaedo, who was emitting the aura of the Five Satellites Planetary realm. Although Kaedo was only a Five Satellites, he gave him an instinctive threat.

This made Dylin very vigilant.

“Kaedo, I am very happy that you are safe.” Bishop Xiliude first welcomed Xu Tui’s arrival, then said, “However, the other members of the Heavenly Court’s exploration team have all died in battle. According to the rules, the three of you who survived have to tell us the process separately and undergo a certain level of interrogation. If there are no problems, we’ll start now!”

From the beginning, Bishop Xiliude conducted the most direct and unyielding test. It was used to determine Kaedo’s identity.

“Sure.”

Xu Tui’s words made Xiliude happy. As long as Kaedo agreed, he would not be a traitor. The talk of traitor was just Ullr who was trying to drive a wedge between them.

“However, the reason why my cultivation soared this time and I returned so late is that I obtained two rare treasures in the small universe of the Heavenly Court! And now, I desperately want to display and offer these two rare treasures to you, respected Sir,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as these words were spoken, Bishop Xiliude and Dylin’s hearts warmed.

A rare treasure! It was a treasure he had obtained from the small universe of the Heavenly Court. It was also a rare treasure that could allow Kaedo’s cultivation to soar from the quasi-planetary realm to the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

Their curiosity was about to explode. Moreover, Kaedo’s agreement to be interrogated separately had numbed them to a certain extent. Furthermore, he would be interrogated in isolation after he presented the treasure.

They had to accept such loyalty!

“Alright.” Bishop Xiliude agreed immediately. Moreover, Bishop Xiliude subconsciously thought that Kaedo was not a traitor. After all, how could there be such a loyal traitor?

“Where is the treasure?” Commander Dylin was already a little anxious.

“Sirs, look.” In the next moment, Xu Tui moved his mind power slightly. The Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal flew out from behind Xu Tui’s head and hung above the hall.

Seeing these two divine seals, the eyes of Bishop Xiliude and Command Dylin lit up at the same time. Others might not recognize it, but they did!

These were the seals of the Heavenly Court! And it was two of them! The two of them recognized the seal of the Heavenly Court, but this was the first time they had seen the real seal of the Heavenly Court. So they were very surprised.

Two seals of the Heavenly Court could actually increase Kaedo’s cultivation to the Five Satellites?

Was this treasure that powerful?

As for Dylin, he had already begun to calculate. No matter what, Bishop Xiliude should give him one of these two good seals, right?

Just as the two of them were in a daze when they looked at the two seals, the statue in the back of the main hall suddenly shattered for no reason. This sudden change made Xiliude and Dylin’s eyes widen. They were so shocked that they could not speak.

This! How was that possible!

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s Mount Heng Divine Seal suddenly flashed with a dazzling light. It blasted toward Commander Dilin. During the process of the explosion, it had already become a mountain.

Even though Dylin reacted quickly and was a Seven Satellites, the holy light only exploded when the mountain was about to hit him.

Boom!

As the ground shook, most of the holy light that suddenly rose around Dylin exploded. Blood spurted out of his mouth.

The Mountain Seal that was blasted down by the Mount Heng Divine Seal as the core shattered on the spot. The Mount Heng Divine Seal turned into a stream of light and flew behind Xu Tui’s head.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui became 30 feet tall.

Earth Body!

The main planet’s force field and light instantly enhanced the Mountain Nova. The mountain formed by the Huashan Divine Seal that had already reached Dvlin’s head suddenlv became more realistic.

Dylin was shocked. The attack just now had already made him vomit blood. He definitely did not dare to take this attack head-on. Therefore, he instinctively wanted to escape. He wanted to avoid it!

With his speed, he should be able to avoid it. However, just as he was about to dodge, he suddenly felt as if he was surrounded by a swamp.

The main planet force field of mind power became realistic. The originally fast speed of lightning became even slower than a turtle. He could only watch as the Huashan Divine Seal blasted towards his head.

“Kaedo, how dare you!” As Bishop Xiliude roared, he could not care about anything else and wanted to save Dylin.

Bishop Xiliude, who had just been shocked by the shattering of the statue, broke the illusion the moment his mind power reached out. He knew that it was a facade. He was so angry! At this moment, it was confirmed that Kaedo was the traitor.

Kaedo was about to kill Dylin! He had to save Dylin! Dylin was a warrior, and with his super-strong support, it would be extremely difficult for him to survive without a warrior. Therefore, in a flash, Bishop Xiliude wanted to use his holy power to enhance Dylin.

Suddenly, Shang Long’s figure strangely appeared in the main hall. He slashed at Xiliude.

Xiliude shouted and defended with all his might in fear. Or rather, he instinctively wanted to avoid and defend against Shang Long’s sword light with all his might.

Shang Long’s sword was too powerful! Xiliude had almost died under Shang

Long’s sword previously. At this moment, Xiliude’s legs felt a little weak when Shang Long’s sword appeared. This way, Xiliude’s holy light was delayed or interrupted.

The mountain formed by the Huashan Divine Seal landed steadily above Dylin’s head.

Pfft!

The sound of a watermelon being smashed rang out. It was a little crispy! Dylin did not even let out a scream.

The sword light that Shang Long had suddenly slashed out dissipated when it touched Bishop Xiliude’s holy light.

This was an illusion!

Bishop Xiliude, who had reacted, turned pale on the spot.

Pfft!

Blood spurted out of the corner of his mouth.. He had been tricked again!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1