Chapter 1562 - 1562: The Danger Of Curiosity (1)

Chapter 1562: The Danger of Curiosity (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ceres Star, Water Origin Palace.

The Water Origin Palace was the only base of the Muyas’ expeditionary force in the solar system. It was originally abnormally lively.

Ever since the vortex tunnel of the Heavenly Court closed a month ago, which was when the Muyas’ exploration team of the Heavenly Court had been completely wiped out, the atmosphere in the Water Origin Palace had been very depressed.

It could even be said that he was feeling more and more depressed every day.

Even the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Dylin, had been reprimanded by Bishop Xiliude a few times. There was no need to mention the others.

It could be said that they were even careful when they panted. This was especially so for the quasi-planetary experts who were serving Bishop Xiliude. They tiptoed as they walked.

In the main hall of the Water Origin Palace, there was already a statue in the open space in front of the calm lake. That was the statue of the Lord of the Muyas. Bishop Xiliude was kneeling in front of the statue and praying with dozens of Muyas. Especially under the guidance of Bishop Xiliude, there was already a faint holy light appearing inside and outside the rather huge statue.

Occasionally, a little divinity would appear, making everyone feel awed. However, this little bit of divinity appeared and disappeared. It would take a lot of time to completely solidify the little bit of divinity that the holy light and pious prayers had connected from billions of miles away.

This was what Bishop Xiliude had been doing during this period of time. Furthermore, he insisted until he was almost crazy. Other than handling matters and resting normally, Bishop Xiliude spent the rest of his time bringing all the Muyas here for the most pious prayers.

Xiliude was very anxious. He was anxious about two problems. The first was the problem of survival.

Originally, the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force had been severely injured by the traitors during their arrival in the solar system. They were no longer strong enough. Then, they encountered the unforeseen event of the exploration team of the small universe of the Heavenly Court being completely wiped out.

This was almost like a bolt of lightning had struck Bishop Xiliude’s head. The elites of the Muya solar system expeditionary army were almost all finished.

Among the mid- to high-level Planetary realm powerhouses, there were only two Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses left, which were Bishop Xiliude and Commander Dylin.

After them, the strength plummeted drastically. The Six Satellites, Five Satellites, and Four Satellites were all gone. There was one Planetary realm powerhouse from the Three Satellites, 21 Two Satellites and One Satellite.

Most of them had just broken through recently.

The reason why they could breakthrough was that the unsealing of the small universe of the Heavenly Court had caused the concentration of energy on Ceres Star to increase exponentially.

However, combat strength was…

Therefore, ever since the small universe team of the Heavenly Court was completely wiped out, Bishop Xiliude had been very anxious.

If, if the Blue Star humans attacked with all their might, how would they resist? Could they resist it? With the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan restraining the power of the Blue Star, they should be able to block it with the help of the geographical advantage of the Water Origin Palace.

However, even if he could block it, he would definitely have to pay a huge price. This price was unbearable. The power under Xiliude would decrease with every loss.

He was alone!

Xiliude truly understood the meaning of being alone. Therefore, Xiliude had been frantically attaching divinity to this new statue recently.

The second problem that Bishop Xiliude was anxious about was the problem of the traitor.

Previously, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, had told him that Officiant Kaedo was a traitor and it was Xu Tui from the Blue Star who disguised him. At that time, Xiliude was anxious because the team that was exploring the small universe of the Heavenly Court had been completely wiped out, so he believed it.

However, Xiliude was not so sure after he returned to reflect.

Firstly, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, did not give any solid evidence. It was just a few words.

Secondly, it would be a little stupid to firmly believe that the officiant was a traitor just because of the enemy’s words.

Bishop Xiliude was sure that he was not that kind of idiot. However, under such circumstances, Xiliude became even more anxious. The unknown was terrifying. If he could confirm who the traitor was, it would eliminate the hidden danger.

If the traitor was not Kaedo, who could it be? Was there a traitor in the current Water Origin Palace?

If there was, it would be terrifying!

Under normal circumstances, he had personally seen Kaedo in the local star field. There had been a battle between them. He had even personally watched Kaedo break through. Among them was the affirmation of the purple-robed Bishop, Lord Klens.

Could a Blue Star human disguise himself in front of a terrifying existence like the purple-robed Bishop, Lord Klens?

The answer was impossible! Then, Kaedo would not be a traitor. He would be framed by the Blue Star enemy, Ullr. However, there was no need for Ullr to frame a dead person.

Did this mean that Kaedo was still alive? If Kaedo was alive, where did he go? Did he need to be rescued?

These questions made Bishop Xiliude even more anxious. His hairline moved up rapidly. Even the Lord’s holy light could not save his hair.

Today was the 2nd of October 2140 in the Blue Star Calendar. After leaving the statue in front of the main hall, Xiliude was thinking about this problem. The more he thought about it, the more annoyed he became. He wanted to send people to search, but there was no one left to send.

If he sent Dylin out, who would guard the Water Origin Palace at the critical moment? Therefore, Xiliude could only look forward to reinforcements.

“In a month, in at most another month, we will be able to completely solidify a wisp of divinity that is connected to this statue. In that case, our lone army will live..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1