Chapter 1565 - 1565: The Death Of Xiliude

Chapter 1565 - 1565: The Death of Xiliude

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s move of killing Dylin with a sudden attack had caused the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race, who had made up their minds to save the Muyas, to stop.

There was no point!

The Muyas, who had already lost a large number of elites, after losing Dylin, who could unleash his cultivation to the Eight Satellites, there was no point in saving them. Other than damaging their manpower,

If they saved them, the Muya expeditionary army would be useless.

A deeper problem that made Gu Ji and Shui Zhi retreat was—where did the Blue Star humans get an expert to kill Dylin in such a short period of time? With the enhancement of Xiliude, Dylin could fight the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. He had also fought Shang Long before.

Shang Long was at the entrance of the Fire Original Palace. Erera, Ullr, Cai Shaochu, and the others were all in the cosmic tunnel. In that case, who killed Dylin?

When did such a powerful expert appear on the Blue Star? This was what Shui Zhi and Gu Ji were worried about. If Dylin was killed under the full enhancement of Xiliude, they would have to worry about their safety next.

What if this expert worked together with Shang Long?

Therefore, Gu Ji and Shui Zhi, who had turned off their fires at the same time, began to use various methods to investigate the details.

Although they had made some progress in infiltrating the Blue Star humans after such a long time, their infiltration of the higher-ups of the Blue Star was still zero.

Race was the strongest barrier. Therefore, Gu Ji and Shui Zhi began to contact Ullr at the same time. This was the largest source of information for the higher-ups of the Blue Star. Of course, they had to pay a price.

In the Water Origin Palace.

Gu Ji and Shui Zhi lost their voices at the same time in the emergency communication, causing Bishop Xiliude to immediately realize something. However, Bishop Xiliude did not lose his composure. He, who had experienced countless storms, was much more stable than ordinary people. Instead, he raised his head and looked at Xu Tui.

“Actually, before this, I never believed that Kaedo was a traitor. But now, I believe it. Such a meticulous plan to come alone and kill Dylin first cut off the reinforcements of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race. Impressive!” Bishop Xiliude praised Xu Tui, but the holy light around him suddenly became blazing.

However, just as the holy light around him rose, Xu Tui’s Mount Heng Divine Seal turned into a mountain and smashed down. With a seal, most of the thick holy light around Bishop Xiliude dissipated.

The Mount Heng Divine Seal still followed closely behind.

Even though the holy light around Bishop Xiliude’s body was endless, under the continuous attacks of the two mountains, the holy light around Bishop Xiliude shattered and he vomited blood on the spot.

This was when Xu Tui had held back with the second seal. Otherwise, with the second seal, Xiliude would have been killed on the spot. Xiliude stopped activating his holy power when he saw this. He wore a blood-stained white robe and stood below the statue. He looked at Xu Tui quietly.

“It does make sense that our omnipotent Lord set the people of the Blue Star as targets that we have to eliminate. The people of the Blue Star are really terrifying, ” Xiliude said slowly.

“Mr. Xiliude, you can actually live! In fact, after you tell me the information you want to know, I can let you leave. You can go to any planet you want. You will be the king there. You are a god!” Xu Tui said.

Xiliude wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and laughed. He did not answer Xu Tui directly. Instead, he asked, “When did you start impersonating

Kaedo?”

At this moment, the resistance in the Water Origin Palace was almost over.

The fact that Dylin had been killed and that Bishop Xiliude had been severely injured almost caused the morale of the Muyas in the Water Origin Palace to collapse. Coupled with the fact that the Blue Star had a huge advantage, especially since the Muyas only had one powerhouse from the Three Satellites.

Moreover, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Yan Lie, and the others’ combat strength was far higher than their cultivation. Therefore, the battle ended very quickly.

Some people had already begun to refine the Muyas into Soul Crystals and

BIOOd crystals.

This was a precious cultivation resource.

Xu Tui felt that Xiliude’s question was not a secret. It was also the beginning of an exchange. He replied, “I was already Kaedo before I headed to Planet Meria.”

“As expected.” Xiliude sighed. “Otherwise, you wouldn’t have had the chance to impersonate Kaedo after Meria. In that case, your Blue Star has already developed a channel to our Muya native star field?”

“I want to know what your Muyas’ next plan of action is. Or perhaps, all of your plans for the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Or other ways for the Muyas to pass through the solar system. You can choose one of the three questions to answer,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Xiliude suddenly smiled. “I’ll call you Kaedo. Kaedo, you’ve also been our officiant. You should know what’s most important to the Muyas!”

“I think what you want to talk about is faith.” Just as a smile appeared on

Xiliude’s face because of this answer, Xu Tui sneered. “But I think you’re wrong. Let’s not talk about the other Muyas. Even for you archbishops, the most important thing is always life!”

“Are you talking about Gabe?” Xiliude shook his head. “It’s normal for one or two cowards to appear occasionally.”

“Oh, I forgot to tell you that Lally and Carrillo have already surrendered to me. In order to survive, they currently exist in the form of a mental body. Do you want me to pull them out for you to see?” Xu Tui spread his hands.

These words clearly agitated Xiliude, causing him to be silent for a long time.

Xu Tui felt that he had defeated Xiliude’s psychological defense. He said again, “It’s actually quite beautiful to be alive. Mr. Xiliude, you…’

“No, the Great Lord will always be with me! Lord, please, Great One, take away your most loyal servant and the most unholy enemy in front of you!” Xiliude quickly chanted. Holy light surged out of his body. The moment the holy light began to surge out of his body, Xu Tui also moved.

Xu Tui’s mind power was focused on Xiliude. How could he let Xiliude play any tricks in front of him? The Mount Heng Divine Seal that had been circling above Xiliude’s head instantly blasted down on him.

However, at this moment, the milky white holy light that surged out of Xiliude’s body surged into the statue behind him.

Xu Tui’s Mount Heng Divine Seal smashed down. Xiliude’s body was instantly shattered. Xiliude’s mental body was wrapped in a faint holy light and quickly flew towards the statue. How could Xu Tui allow Xiliude to escape under his nose? The Huashan Divine Seal had already blasted toward Xiliude’s mental body like a shooting star.

Above his head, the Small God Slaying Sword had already appeared. As long as he took out the Small God Slaying Sword, Xiliude would not be able to escape with the speed of energy teleportation.

However, at the same time, Xiliude’s mental body suddenly disintegrated.

“My Lord is with me!” With a long moan, Bishop Xiliude’s mental body instantly disintegrated into milky white holy light and surged into the statue behind him.

It was also at this moment that an indescribable sense of danger suddenly rose in Xu Tui’s heart. This dangerous feeling was brought to Xu Tui by the statue behind Xiliude. With the injection of Xiliude’s holy power and the holy power formed by his mental body, the statue suddenly seemed to come to life.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui’s Huashan Divine Seal took the opportunity to blast toward the statue. It blasted down with all his might! This attack was comparable to the attack that Xu Tui had used to kill Dylin.

It was sharp!

Bang!

The Huashan Divine Seal smashed down on the statue. There was a loud bang, but the statue did not shatter. A milky white holy light seeped out like a sword light. In an instant, the mountain formed by Xu Tui’s Huashan Divine Seal shattered on the spot.

Xu Tui’s mental body instantly shook, but he did not retreat. The Mount Heng

Divine Seal blasted down again. A milky-white sword light suddenly slashed out from the statue at lightning speed toward Xu Tui. It also slashed toward the Mount Heng Divine Seal.

The Mount Heng Divine Seal that had struck down forcefully was sent flying by the sword. The 100-meter-long holy sword slashed toward Xu Tui at lightning speed. Even though Xu Tui was covered in the seven layers of Vajra Barrier, he did not feel safe at all.

Both the power of the sword that sent the two divine seals flying and the feeling that Xu Tui got was extremely dangerous.

Xu Tui felt that if he could not dodge this sword, the Vajra Barrier would definitely shatter. He would definitely die. He immediately thought of lying down.

Teleportation!

His left eye and black eye were already prepared. However, Xu Tui’s heart tightened the moment he used teleportation. He could not teleport.

Just as he was about to teleport, the eyes of the statue staring at him suddenly swayed. An indescribable divine might enveloped Xu Tui. Xu Tui’s mental body immediately trembled. It was as if he was being held in place. He felt as if he had fallen into a swamp and could not move at all.

The sword was about to land on his head.

Xu Tui became anxious. In an instant, the main and secondary force fields were all enhanced to above the Time Distortion Nova.

Time deceleration!

The sword became extremely slow when it cut into the meter range in front of Xu Tui. It was also at this moment that the seal that Xu Tui had refined by more than 30% suddenly appeared above Xu Tui’s head. Divine might surged out and enveloped Xu Tui.

The only thing that could break through divine might was divine might! The moment the divine might of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole enveloped Xu Tui, he felt that his restrained mind and body had suddenly regained their freedom.

Teleportation!

He instantly disappeared from the spot.

Xu Tui’s disappearance and the time deceleration of Time Distortion instantly disappeared. The sword of holy power that had slashed out from the statue seemed to have teleported. It slashed at the spot where Xu Tui had been standing just now. He missed and his sword landed on the ground.

The entire Water Origin Palace shook, which was rare.

Everyone was shocked!

It had to be known that before this, no matter who it was, even if the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses attacked with all their might, they would not be able to shake the interior of the four extremely strong original palaces.

However, the sword in the statue did it!

“The Lord is always with me…” The echo of Bishop Xiliude’s low voice echoed. The holy image that had slashed out dissipated like sand.

Xu Tui appeared a few thousand meters away and panted heavily. Xiliude’s appearance flashed through his mind. At the same time, the sky above the Muyas’ holy land suddenly trembled like an eye..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1