Chapter 1566 - 1566: Give Me Half

Chapter 1566 - 1566: Give Me Half

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The sky of the Muya Holy Land suddenly trembled like an eye. The white clouds in the sky rolled and opened like an eye. In the Holy Temple outside the HOLY Lana, pope QIao An, wno was praying witn ner eyes closed, movecl ner eyes slightly, but her hand tightened around her scepter.

At the same time, on Planet Meria.

Due to the time difference, the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, was resting in the gorgeous palace. On the five-meter-wide bed in the palace, three beautiful women were wrapped around the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, like an octopus.

It could be seen that the life of the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, could be said to be extravagant. It was normal with his status.

At the same time, the Holy Temple on Planet Meria suddenly emitted a wisp of holy light. Klens, who was sleeping, suddenly woke up from his sleep. With his strength, he immediately sensed the abnormality of the statue.

Just as he was about to put on his clothes and get up, white holy flames suddenly rose from all directions. Fear flashed in Klens’s eyes, but he was not shocked. Instead, he covered his body with holy power and knelt on the ground. “Almighty and great Lord, please forgive me for tainting all of your eyes! In front of the almighty and great Lord, I will always be your humblest servant. ”

The holy flames around Klens accurately incinerated the three sleeping beauties into ashes. The white holy flames gathered and condensed into a faint shadow in front of Klens. Although the shadow was faint, it exuded a divine might that made Klens wary.

Klens knelt on the ground, not daring to move.

“Klens, when was the last time you contacted the expeditionary army?” A low and authoritative voice came from the holy flames.

“Almighty Lord, because of the inconvenience of communication, I contact the expeditionary army every seven days. The last time I contacted them was three days ago. The situation according to the feedback was that the expeditionary army was not in a good situation and needed support. I’m already in the process of mobilizing reinforcements. We’ll wait for them to condense the holy power mark again before the reinforcements can set off.” Klens was still very capable.

When he heard his great lord ask about this, he reported the situation.

“Xiliude has been completely sacrificed to me.”

The words of the Lord of the Muyas, Hei Yang, stunned Klens on the spot. That simple sentence brought him countless pieces of information. Under what circumstances would Xiliude completely sacrifice himself to the Lord?

There was only one possibility.

The word ‘complete’ represented that Xiliude’s mental body had also been sacrificed.

Then…

A look of sadness appeared on his face. Klens bowed again and said, “Great

Lord, this is the honor of Xiliude. The Lord will be with him!”

Hei Yang’s Holy Flame clone slowly spun and stared at Klens. “You should understand the meaning of this. Every change in the solar system is extremely important. We can’t be absent!”

Klens was stunned. He bowed his head again and said, “Please don’t worry, Great and Almighty. At all costs, I will let the glory of the Great Lord step back into the solar system in a short period of time.”

“I look forward to your good news!”

“Please rest assured, Great and Almighty!” While Klens was bowing again, the ball of holy flames had already disappeared.

The same scene happened in front of the nine purple-robed bishops of the Muya Holy Temple at the same time. At this moment, the nine purple-robed bishops of the Muyas received the holy decree personally passed down by the Lord.

Fifteen minutes later, the sky of the Holy Land returned to calm. A ball of holy light landed in front of Pope Qiao An.

Pope Qiao An raised her scepter and let the ball of holy light land on it. Then, she gripped the scepter tightly. After glancing in the direction of the Holy Land, she slowly let go of the scepter. Half an hour later, Pope Qiao An, who was the last to receive the holy decree, informed the nine purple-robed bishops to discuss the holy decree.

Xu Tui had lingering fears as he looked at the statue that had shattered into dust in the Water Origin Palace. The sword just now was too powerful. Xu Tui could not withstand it and was about to die.

Fortunately!

Xu Tui fell into deep thought as he looked at the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole floating above his head. It was the divine might of the Longevity Emperor Seal of the South Pole that had broken through the restraints of the holy power of the statue on Xu Tui.

Did this mean that an expert on the same level as the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole or a similar power had taken action? Or could it be Bishop Xiliude’s final counterattack?

The first to sense the violent trembles of Water Origin Palace were Erera, Ullr, and the others in the cosmic tunnel. When Erera, Ullr, and the others rushed in, they saw the terrified Xu Tui and the corpses on the ground.

The corpses were all enemies.

Only two of the members of the Worldly Demon Slayers who were attacking were seriously injured. None of them died in battle. However, when Ullr and the two lightning-type supernatural beings of the Seven Satellites beside him saw Xu Tui, especially Cadron, their gazes became fearful.

The cultivation aura that Xu Tui displayed today was that of the Five Satellites. They were already a little confused by Xu Tui’s cultivation aura.

In the past, he would sometimes display the strength of the Two Satellites, sometimes the Three Satellites, and sometimes it would display the Five Satellites. However, at this moment, the Xu Tui in Cadron and Ullr’s eyes seemed to have become more terrifying than before.

“Ullr, why are you staring at me? Do you have the confidence to challenge me? Why don’t you challenge me now?” Xu Tui said to Ullr.

Ullr let out a dry laugh and did not respond. The feeling Xu Tui gave him was even more terrifying than before. Moreover, Xu Tui had killed a Seven Satellites like Dylin. At this moment, Gu Ji and Shui Zhi were frantically asking him for details and constantly increasing the price they gave him.

Ullr did not respond, but Xu Tui had no intention of letting him off.

“Or, I can accept you and Cadron, yes, you and your two Seven Satellites subordinates joining forces to challenge me. I feel like I haven’t had enough from the battle just now,” Xu Tui said to Ullr.

Ullr was a little embarrassed. Xu Tui had taken the initiative to let them fight three against one in front of so many people.

Would he dare? He did not dare! Gu Ji and Shui Zhi did not understand how

Dylin died. He did not want to attack casually before he understood. Therefore, Ullr directly admitted defeat. After all, there was no psychological burden in admitting defeat to the strong.

Ullr would not admit defeat in public and destroy his reputation. Therefore, Ullr cleverly changed the topic.

“Commander, I’ve traded resources with the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race previously. They’re using the previous communication method to ask me for relevant information.” Ullr changed the topic and took the initiative to express his goodwill.

“Asking you for information?” Xu Tui questioned.

Ullr had successfully changed the topic. Seeing this, Ullr asked most of the people to leave the main hall. Only Erera, Cai Shaochu, Huang Gu, and the other core members stayed.

“Commander, it’s a deal! They want to buy detailed information about Dylin’s death from me. What do you think we should do? Should I refuse or make up a story to deal with it?” Without the normal Planetary realm, Ullr was very calm.

“Why would I refuse? We can do this intelligence business,” Xu Tui agreed immediately.

While Ullr was stunned, he finally understood. There was a high chance that Xu Tui and the others had already treated The Myth as a communication channel for extraterrestrial invaders. “Then the real situation of the battle is…”

“You can tell Shui Zhi and Gu Ji directly that I brought Principal Cai and sneaked into the Water Origin Palace. Before Bishop Xiliude could augment Dylin with his holy power, I killed him at lightning speed. When Dylin was killed, he only had the strength of the mid-stage of the Seven Satellites.

Moreover, it’s in a state of being ambushed!” After saying that, Xu Tui added, “Oh, that’s right, Ullr. I was the one who provided the information. You’ll get half of it from their exchange.”

Ullr, who was analyzing the authenticity of the information, was stunned. However, Xu Tui’s reason for dividing the money seemed to be natural. He could not refuse. “But Commander, Gu Ji and Shui Zhi are not that easy to fool.”

“Who said I lied to them? I didn’t lie to them! Here, give them a piece of Dylin’s flesh as evidence. It’s the remnant fluctuations of the mid-stage of the Seven Satellites.” Xu Tui casually threw a piece of meat over.

This time, it was Ullr’s turn to freeze.. Was that really the case?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1