Chapter 1564 - 1564: Broken Attack And Defense Alliance

Chapter 1564 - 1564: Broken Attack and Defense Alliance

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Bishop Xiliude was not injured. The reason why he vomited blood was because he was angry. He was angered by Kaedo’s treachery. He was also angry at his own mistake. Because Dylin had been killed, a sentence appeared in Bishop Xiliude’s mind—the situation was over!

Why did he say that?

In terms of superficial strength, the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force was actually at the bottom of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race. The Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race both had Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

Only the Muyas did not.

Why did no Nine Satellites from the Muyas come?

And that was because of Dylin.

Dylin was at the mid-stage of the Seven Satellites. Through the enhancement of his holy power, he could unleash the combat strength of the late-stage or even the peak of the Seven Satellites. If Bishop Xiliude enhanced him, his cultivation and combat strength would increase to the mid-stage of the Eight Satellites.

Moreover, with the enhancement of Bishop Xiliude, Dylin’s restoration power and resistance would become extremely powerful. Even if he was severely injured, he could still stand up again and again.

Under such circumstances, even the executive of the Great Xi Clan, Gu Ji, was unwilling to fight Dylin. No one was willing to fight an unkillable opponent. It could be said that with Dylin around and the support of Xiliude, the Muyas had an expert who could fight against a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

But what if Dylin was dead? Bishop Xiliude was just a Seven Satellites Planetary realm chicken with stronger defense. This was the fundamental reason why Xiliude was so angry that he vomited blood.

Kaedo, this traitor, was too ruthless! The attack hit his vital point.

Actually, this was also Xu Tui’s goal for entering the Water Origin Palace as Kaedo. He had to attack and kill Dylin before he was enhanced. Otherwise, Dylin would become extremely difficult to deal with.

It had to be known that before this, with the enhancement of Xiliude, Dylin had fought Shang Long. In the end, he had only retreated with light injuries. One could imagine how powerful Dylin, who was supported by Xiliude, was.

Now, Xu Tui had used the Huashan Divine Seal to kill him. Xiliude was like a toothless tiger. He was no longer a threat. He did not become anxious when he saw Xiliude vomiting blood. Instead, he crushed a jade talisman and sent a signal.

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui sent the signal, the members of the headquarters of Xu Tui’s Worldly Demon Slayer and some of the members of the Huaxia Demon Slayer Team had already charged into the Water Origin Palace from the cosmic tunnel.

Those who killed their way in were all One to Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, as well as some quasi-planetary powerhouses.

Dylin was dead.

The portion of the Origin Energy that Dylin had refined and controlled had already returned to the core of the Water Origin Palace. The remaining 100

Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts in the entire Water Origin Palace had already been used by Xu Tui as a training target.

All the members whose cultivation had increased too quickly recently or who did not have enough actual combat participated in this battle. Of course, An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, and the others, who were experienced in actual combat, only quietly observed the battle and acted as guardians.

If a participant’s life was in danger, they would save him. Every member who participated in the battle here was the most precious talent in Huaxia. In an instant, the sounds of battle in the entire Water Origin Palace shook the sky and blood flowed like a river.

As for Bishop Xiliude, he was locked onto by Xu Tui’s mind power. He stood aloof from the battlefield and stared coldly at Xu Tui.

“Should I call you Kaedo or Xu Tui?” Bishop Xiliude said as he wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth.

“Both are fine.’

Xu Tui’s calmness made Xiliude smile bitterly. Kaedo was really a traitor! However, where did Xu Tui start impersonating Kaedo? Under normal circumstances, it was impossible for Kaedo to be impersonated in the local galaxy.

Xiliude asked his doubts.

“Mr. Xiliude, actually, I also have a lot of questions. Why don’t we each answer one question?” This was also the reason why Xu Tui did not kill Xiliude immediately. Xiliude was the true core of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary

Force. He should know all or part of the Muyas’ subsequent battle plans. As long as they knew a small portion of such a plan, it would be a huge gain for the Blue Star. It would be a huge intelligence advantage.

Xiliude let out a cold laugh when he heard that. “Xu Tui, I just want to clear my doubts, but you want to get information from me. Do you think I’m that stupid?”

Xu Tui spread his hands slightly. “Mr. Xiliude, actually, we had a good time together previously. If you are willing, you will definitely obtain a chance to survive. It’s actually quite good to be alive.” Xu Tui was persuading him to surrender.

“Do you think victory is in your grasp?” Xiliude sneered.

“Then, do you have any other forces? Or are you looking forward to your allies? The Spiritual Race or the Great Xi Clan?” Xu Tui smiled.

In the sky above Ceres Star, Shang Long rode his sword into the air. Behind him were Ruan Tianzuo, Li Qingping, Augustus, and a group of Blue Star experts. They flew not far from the Fire Origin Palace. Shang Long’s sword light circled arrogantly at the entrance of the Fire Origin Palace.

Sword light tore through the air from time to time. The sword energy that passed by caused the energy screen at the door of the Fire Origin Palace to tremble.

At the cosmic tunnel of the four major original palaces, Erera led a group of Blue Star experts and Ullr led two lightning-type supernatural beings under him to guard the entrance of the Water Origin Palace. All of them had powerful auras, but they were staring intently at the entrance of the cosmic tunnel of the Fire Origin Palace.

If Shui Zhi from the Fire Origin Palace saved the Muyas from the cosmic tunnel, not only would he receive a head-on attack, but Shang Long from Ceres Star would also immediately bring people to attack the Fire Origin Palace.

Similarly, if Shui Zhi charged out of the Fire Origin Palace of Ceres Star, Erera and Ullr would bring people into the Fire Origin Palace from the cosmic tunnel.

No matter what, the Fire Origin Palace would be attacked from both sides. It would have been fine if Shui Zhi had defended the Fire Origin Palace. Once Shui Zhi led the main force out of the Fire Origin Palace, it was hard to say if the Fire Origin Palace could be defended.

Under such circumstances, Shui Zhi of the Spiritual Race was extremely anxious when he saw Xiliude’s request for help. He contacted Gu Ji crazily.

“Gu Ji, you idiot! Do you really want to sit back and watch the Blue Star defeat us one by one? Do you think you can have an easy time after the Muyas are destroyed!” Shui Zhi roared in the communication.

On the other side, in the Earth Origin Palace, Gu Ji was a little hesitant. Shang Long had just threatened him. “Gu Ji, if you dare to interfere in our battle with the Muyas, just wait for our worst revenge! If you dare to interfere, we will not kill the Muyas, but we will attack the Earth Origin Palace at all costs. At that time, see which of the Spiritual Race or the Muyas will come to save you!”

Shang Long’s threat was clear in his mind. Shui Zhi’s roar was also in his ears.

As the executive of the Great Xi Clan, Gu Ji understood the logic behind Shui Zhi’s words. If the Muyas’ expeditionary army was destroyed, the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race would definitely not have a good time.

It could even be said that once the Muya expeditionary army was killed by the Blue Star, the Blue Star’s next target would most likely be the Great Xi Clan!

He would attack them one by one!

What Shang Long said was also the truth. He and the Spiritual Race had gone to save the Muyas when they were attacked. However, if the Blue Star humans attacked the Great Xi Clan with all their might, would the Muyas and the Spiritual Race come to their rescue?

Gu Ji expressed his doubts. This was especially so for the Muyas, who had conflicts previously. Even if they forced themselves to save them, they would probably stall for time and not do their best.

This was actually the effect of Cai Shaochu’s previous plan to sow discord. However, Shang Long’s threat and his hesitation and worry only made Gu Ji struggle and hesitate for a few seconds before he made a decision.

Save!

He had to save the Muyas! Otherwise, they would be finished if they were really defeated one by one. However, he had to hold back when saving the Muyas. He had to try his best to preserve his strength and save the Muyas.

“I’ll get ready. A minute later, I’ll kill my way out of the Earth Origin Palace. You’ll kill your way out of the Fire Origin Palace. I’ll restrain Shang Long. You’ll bring some people into the Water Origin Palace to save Xiliude and Dylin,” Gu Ji said.

Gu Ji’s decision made Shui Zhi overjoyed, but he was still a little anxious. “Why not now? Attack and save them immediately. If we’re too late, I’m afraid it’ll be too late!” Shui Zhi was a little anxious.

“I need some time. Thirty seconds! Thirty seconds later!” Gu Ji said anxiously.

“Okay!”

After discussing it, Shui Zhi immediately informed Bishop Xiliude, to hold on for 30 seconds. Reinforcements would arrive soon. This news did not make Xiliude reveal much excitement.

Dylin was dead. Their situation was over! However, letting the traitor Kaedo’s plan fail and having a chance to take revenge on him in the future was his greatest hope at this moment.

In the Water Origin Palace, Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance, which had already condensed a star, keenly sensed the change in Bishop Xiliude’s emotions. He immediately warned him. “Mr. Shang, pay attention. The Great Xi Clan, the Spiritual Race, and the Muyas might have already reached a temporary alliance agreement. You can use this.” Xu Tui casually threw Dylin’s armor out of the Water Origin Palace.

In the sky, an illusory sword light suddenly appeared behind Shang Long. It instantly accelerated and passed through Dylin’s armor that Xu Tui had thrown out. Then, it brought Dylin’s armor and tore through the air.

Whoosh!

Shang Long’s sword light, along with Dylin’s armor, blasted towards the entrance of the Earth Origin Palace. The sword light dissipated. However, Dylin’s bloody armor, which still contained partially minced meat, was nailed to the door of the Earth Origin Palace by the sword light.

At the same time, Shang Long’s domineering and cold voice sounded. “Gu Ji, Dylin has already been beheaded! If you want to fight, feel free to come. I’ll take it!”

In an instant, Gu Ji’s body trembled. His eyes widened! It was really Dylin’s armor! There was still the lingering aura of the Commander of the Muyas, Dylin.

Dylin had died!

Then, was there any point in rescuing the Muyas?

Thirty seconds passed in the blink of an eye. Shui Zhi, who had rushed out of the entrance of the Fire Origin Palace, was forced into a sorry state by Shang Long and the others. Then, he cursed. “Gu Ji, you idiot!”

“Dylin is already dead…’

As Gu Ji’s voice sounded, Shui Zhi instantly fell silent..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1