Chapter 1567 - 1567: Shared Refinement

Chapter 1567 - 1567: Shared Refinement

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the Water Origin Palace, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, Erera, Ullr, Augustus, Huang Gu, Anlevich, and the others were studying the sword marks on the ground.

The Holy Light Sword attracted by Bishop Xiliude’s sacrifice slashed down. Not only did the Water Origin Palace tremble, but the sword light also cut a ten-foot-deep wound on the ground of the Water Origin Palace.

At this moment, the deep and narrow sword wound was slowly recovering at a turtle-like speed. This was the characteristic of the four origin palaces. It was solid and had the nature of self-restoration.

However, other than Shang Long, the top experts of the Blue Star present were all using their strongest attacks to bombard the ground of the Water Origin Palace. In the end, not to mention the Water Origin Palace trembling, it did not even cause more than a centimeter of damage.

Under everyone’s expectant gazes, a sword flew out from behind Shang Long’s head. It instantly slashed down on the ground with an extremely terrifying killing intent. The sword light instantly dissipated the moment it entered the ground.

Everyone, including Xu Tui, instantly narrowed their eyes. Was the difference that great? Worry appeared in everyone’s eyes. Shang Long was the strongest existence among the Blue Star Humans. However, even with his full strength, he did not even have 10% of the power of the Muya statue.

It was only 1%.

This difference in strength.

In an instant, the atmosphere in the Water Origin Palace that had just been captured became extremely heavy.

On the other hand, Shang Long, who had just slashed out, laughed and said,

“Why? Are you afraid? If we were as afraid as you, if Mr. Cheng Fengxi and Mr. Gavro was as afraid, a hundred years ago, the Blue Star humans were wiped out. It was not like now, where there was already a trend of unifying the solar system.

“A hundred years ago, the Blue Star humans encountered an alien Planetary realm powerhouse for the first time. It was not an exaggeration to say that killing people was like killing a chicken. At that time, the warriors of the Blue Star were killed by them like vegetables. However, we still survived. Moreover, our strength has increased by a hundred or a thousand times. This difference was nothing!”

Shang Long’s words diluted the oppressive feeling brought about by the huge difference in strength. Even Xu Tui felt much more relaxed.

Wasn’t it just that? In the past, the Blue Star did not even have a

Transmutation Realm or even a Planetary realm. They had come over.

Now, there were already as many Planetary realm powerhouses as there were clouds on the Blue Star. What was lacking should be the small universe or even the so-called Transcendent that Little Six mentioned.

This difference was really nothing!

At this moment, the Blue Star officially announced the capture of the Water Origin Palace. Actually, the Blue Star had many opinions about how to settle the Water Origin Palace after the capture.

Due to the current situation, some people felt that the forces of the Blue Star were scattered and stationed at the Water Origin Palace. They would be easily defeated. It was better to guard the Wood Origin Palace and release the Water Origin Palace as bait.

If the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race split their forces to occupy it, the Blue Star would attack again.

However, Xu Tui made a decision in the end. The decision to use them as bait was feasible, but the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race were not that stupid.

Most importantly, because Dylin had been killed, Xiliude had sacrificed himself and died. All the origin power that they had previously occupied and refined had returned to the Water Eye of the Water Origin Palace.

Before this, the Origin Energy of the Water Origin Palace was split into five.

Xu Tui, Augustus, Itavi, Haren, and Darak each had about 20%. Darak had the most.

After Itavi and Haren were killed, almost all of the Origin Energy of the Water Origin Palace that they had refined belonged to Xu Tui. Only a little of it returned to the Water Origin Palace of Ceres Star.

The portion of Darak finally belonged to Dylin.

After Dylin was killed, the 20% of the Origin Energy that he had refined and controlled also returned to the Water Eye.

At this moment, Xu Tui had 50% of the Origin Energy of the Water Palace, Augustus had 20%, and the Water Eye of the Water Origin Palace had 30%.

Then again, Xu Tui had just arrived at the Water Origin Palace alone. Other than Little Six and the other guards of the Heavenly Court, he had 50% of the origin power of the Water Origin Palace. This was also a huge battle. At the critical moment, Xu Tui could mobilize the power of the Water Origin Palace to defend or even escape.

At this moment, the origin power of the Water Origin Palace would have a unified owner. If it continued to spread out like this, it would only benefit the enemy. If more than 70% of the origin power in the Water Origin Palace could belong to one person, they could unleash the power of the Water Origin Palace to attack and defend.

This was also the fundamental reason why the Blue Star did not attack the Fire Origin Palace that the Spiritual Race had captured after so long.

The Spiritual Race was very powerful to begin with, and the origin power of the Fire Origin Palace had been completely refined by the Spiritual Race. Taking the initiative to attack was no different from having a death wish, especially when Shui Zhi and Chi Jing were guarding the place.

“Currently, our Worldly Demon Slayer Team does not have a base on Ceres Star. The Water Origin Palace will temporarily be the base of the Worldly Demon Slayer Team.

“At the same time, I will distribute territories to the other brigades. The other brigades will also enter the joint defense based on the number of people. A portion of them can be sent in to cultivate.

“The cultivation effect in the four original palaces will definitely be better than on other planets, especially water-type supernatural beings,” Xu Tui said.

This was naturally passed unconditionally. After passing, Xu Tui looked at Augustus. “Augustus, you should hand over the 20% of the Origin Power that you refined. It’s better to unify them.”

Hearing this, Augustus had a complicated expression. Back then, he had put in a lot of effort and paid a lot of price to fight for the origin power of the Water

Origin Palace. Now that Xu Tui wanted him to hand it over. he was really a little

unwilling.

However, Xu Tui’s strength was obvious. He wanted to refuse, but he did not have the confidence. He looked at Erera. However, before Erera could speak, Xu Tui said, “Augustus, don’t think that I’m snatching it by force. You are an earth-element supernatural being. The water-element origin power of the Water Origin Palace is not of much use to you!

“I can promise you that after we capture the Earth Origin Palace in the future, you can refine and comprehend the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace…”

Halfway through his sentence, Xu Tui suddenly came to a realization. He seemed to have refined a lot of the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace. It was as high as 60%. Most of them were obtained after he killed the original commander of the Great Xi Clan, Günter.

Xu Tui did not go easy on him. He immediately threw 60% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power in front of Augustus.

“I forgot that I killed Günter previously and obtained the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace. I’ll refine and comprehend it for you now. It should be helpful to your cultivation. However, after you refine and comprehend it, you can return it to me. It’s still useful when one attack the Earth Origin Palace,” Xu Tui said.

Everyone was stunned. It was not just Augustus. There was also Ullr and Huang Gu. All of them gulped as they looked at Xu Tui in shock. Damn it, Xu Tui had so easily given 60% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power to others to comprehend?

They had actually understood the effects of the origin power of the four Origin Palaces. The greatest use after refinement was to control the power in the various origin palaces.

To other Planetary realm powerhouses, the greatest effect was that they would obtain various cultivation gains when they refined the origin power of the four Origin Palaces. This was the most important thing.

This was especially so for people with supernatural abilities with compatible attributes. He had gained a lot!

“Real… Commander, are you really going to let me refine it?” Augustus was stunned.

“Of course, but it’s only for you to comprehend. Give it back to me in three to five days. Hurry up and refine it. Why are you nagging?” Xu Tui urged impatiently. Time was very precious.

“Alright, alright.” With an excited mood, Augustus quickly wrapped his mind power around it. He immediately began to refine and comprehend the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace with Xu Tui’s cooperation.

“Hey, don’t just take the benefits,” Xu Tui urged.

Stunned for a moment, Augustus blushed. He had forgotten to send out the Origin Power of the Water Origin Palace. Augustus also felt good at this moment. He directly placed the origin power of the Water Origin Palace into the core water eye of the Water Origin Palace and let Xu Tui refine it.

After refining and comprehending 60% of the Earth Palace’s origin power for a few minutes, Augustus’s expression became excited. “Commander, I’ll refine and comprehend in the Water Origin Palace. Remember to send someone to help me stand guard. I feel that I can break through!”

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes. He had broken through. If Augustus broke through, it meant that the Blue Star would have another Six Satellites.

The Six Satellites of the Blue Star could barely defeat the Seven Satellites of the other races. Following Augustus’s words, Huang Gu, Anlevich, Masayoshi Zhongsheng, Ganjiv, Haydoff, and the other Planetary realm powerhouses of the Five Satellites immediately became envious.

Xu Tui and the others naturally knew what they were thinking.

“Don’t worry. In the future, the origin power of the various original palaces can be shared and refined! Anyone who needs it can refine and comprehend it. Of course, you have to perform to a certain extent,” Xu Tui said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1