Chapter 1560 - 1560: Extra Skill Slots

Chapter 1560: Extra Skill Slots

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the Great Genetic Evolution Era, there was a limit to the number of abilities that all genetic evolution cultivators could cultivate.

This restriction would become stronger as one’s cultivation level deepened. A cultivator could choose to cultivate many abilities when they first started cultivating, such as the Genetic Liberation Realm or the Genetic Mutation Realm. He could even trial and error many times to find the ability that was most suitable for him.

This was especially so in recent years. As the energy of the Blue Star and the various planets in the solar system increased drastically, the cultivation speed increased drastically. At this level, cultivating a few more abilities would only take a few more months. It would not cost much.

However, it was different at the Genetic Evolution Realm and the Transmutation Realm.

At this moment, he had to be careful in the choice of abilities. He had to pay attention to the combination of abilities and form his own ability system.

Of course, he could also be willful. The price was to spend an additional year or two to grow.

However, in the Planetary realm, there was no possibility of being willful. The power state of the Planetary realm restricted the types of abilities. He was a Five Satellites Planetary realm. He could only condense six stars at most, including the main planet. One more would not do.

This was because the main planet of the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses could only control five power new stars at most.

Of course, he could also continue to cultivate other new abilities. However, no matter how he cultivated, the other genetic ability chains could only be strengthened to Level 3 at most and established an internal circulation chain.

It could not be condensed into a new star of power.

As for the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, they could only have 10 power new stars at most.

At this moment, he had to be very, very careful in choosing a new power star.

Among low-level Planetary realm powerhouses, such as when facing Planetary realm powerhouses below the Three Satellites, those who did not have the ability to condense a star were rather useful.

However, as the level of the enemy he faced increased, without the ability to condense a star, other than some passive support abilities, it would become more and more useless.

If this characteristic was digitized, then every Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse would only have 10 abilities to choose from.

Nine Satellites was not something that just anyone could achieve.

Currently, Xu Tui’s cultivation has broken through to the Seven Satellites. He had a total of eight new power stars.

They were the main planet of mind power, the Vajra secondary main planet, the Blizzard Domain, the Mountain Nova, the mental hammer, the Time Distortion, the Spiritual Concealment, and the Energy Teleportation.

According to the cultivation upper limit of a normal Planetary realm powerhouse, Xu Tui only had two abilities that he could choose to strengthen.

This made Xu Tui anxious. He suddenly had an idea.

Could his main force field of mind power, secondary main force field, separately accommodate more new power stars?

This thought instantly filled Xu Tui’s anticipation. If that was possible, the benefits would be too great. If possible, others would have at most 10 abilities to condense a star, but Xu Tui might have at most 19 abilities to condense a star.

Even some passive support abilities would be greatly enhanced after condensing a star to cultivate. They would be of great help in battle. Before this, due to the limitation of the number of abilities, passive support abilities would not be included in the selection sequence.

At this point, Xu Tui would no longer act recklessly just because of a random thought. Compared to when he was at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Xu Tui was several times more stable.

After all, if he did not act recklessly, his force field would collapse. At best, he would be severely injured, but at worst, he would die on the spot.

Xu Tui first began to experiment with the two force fields and the extreme endurance test. It was not a problem for the mind power force field to control seven power new stars. Could the current Vajra sub-planet easily rule all the other power new stars except for the mind power main planet?

With a thought, the new stars in the mind power force field were all transferred to the Vajra secondary force field and strengthened the circulation speed of the Vajra secondary star.

Xu Tui’s cultivation had also dropped from the Seven Satellites Planetary realm to the One Satellites Planetary realm.

Under introspection, the Vajra Sub-Planet controlled the other six power new stars and circulated them extremely steadily.

In order to continue testing, Xu Tui spent another day strengthening the energy teleportation of the quantum entanglement state to the second star halo and the Spiritual Concealment to the third star halo.

He would test the strength of the Vajra Sub-Main Planet again. It was still very stable.

Xu Tui was relieved. After careful consideration for a few minutes, Xu Tui began to condense his star. Forty minutes later, another power star appeared.

Xu Tui’s expression became nervous the moment this new power star appeared. Whether or not he could succeed depended on this step.

Xu Tui carefully sent the new power star into the main planet’s force field with his mind power. Then, he spread out his mind power and completely handed the new power star over to the main planet force field.

A minute later, joy appeared on Xu Tui’s face. His thoughts were correct!

The mind power force field and the Vajra secondary force field could indeed accommodate more new power stars.

This was a new power star with two star halos—spiritual resonance! It was an ability of the School of Radiation. On the battlefield, the spiritual resonance could grasp the general direction of the enemy’s mind in the shortest time possible. It could also affect fear, anticipation, joy, and so on. It could allow Xu Tui to unleash the illusion ability of the Spiritual

Concealment to the extreme.

Xu Tui had intentionally displayed his ability to fool people to the extreme on the battlefield. At the very least, there was no Planetary realm powerhouse on the Blue Star who could condense support abilities like spiritual resonance and Spiritual Concealment.

After all, in the eyes of others, this kind of behavior was purely a brainless thing to do.

Yet, Xu Tui did two in a row. Of course, the main reason was that Xu Tui currently had two force fields. Otherwise, he would not have dared to be so extravagant.

His power fluctuation aura became Two Satellites. As Xu Tui tried to adjust the stars, he could still change the power of the Vajra secondary force field and the new star in the main force field at will.

“Why do I feel that I’ve become a monster again?” Xu Tui began to condense his star again as he muttered softly.

This time, He chose the Ice Barrier genetic ability chain that he had learned from Bu Qingqiu. The genetic ability chain of the Ice Barrier would have an interesting change after condensing the star. Before condensing the star, it was mainly an ability to defend against passive attacks.

After the Ice Barrier was shattered, there would be a change like frost splattering. It had a slightly greater impact on the close-range experts of the Extreme Branch. Long-range attacks did not affect him much.

However, after condensing the star, this ability had undergone a series of changes. Currently, it was one of Bu Qingqiu’s more difficult abilities.

This Ice Barrier became something he could do as he pleased, including the Frost Sputtering.

In an instant, he could use the Frost Sputtering to send out a three-dimensional, 360-degree fluctuation. It could block the enemy’s attacks. The Frost Sputtering could also hurt the frozen enemy.

It was very practical.

Frost Nova

Xu Tui had chosen to condense this ability to cooperate with the Blizzard Domain. With the Blizzard Domain, the power of the Frost Nova became even stronger.

Unfortunately, the ability of the Ice Sealing was something that Xu Tui had comprehended or simulated from the ice origin power in the Origin Domain. It was a little similar to the Small God Slaying Sword.

It doesn’t have a genetic ability chain, or else his combat strength would have increased even more if he condensed the star of Ice Seal. Of course, Xu Tui’s main planet of mind power had greatly increased. The power of the ice seal was also increasing.

As soon as the Frost Nova was condensed, it was a second-level star halo because of the number of Genetic Base Points.

Xu Tui’s cultivation aura soared to the Three Satellites Planetary realm. He thought for a moment and chose another genetic ability chain to start condensing stars. This time, he chose the genetic ability chain of the water puppet.

Or rather, it was called the Frost Puppet genetic ability chain.

Abilities had to be systematic. Even if Xu Tui had many skill slots, he could not cultivate them recklessly.

If the Blizzard Domain is the foundation, the ice seal and the Frost Nova had already formed a three-dimensional combat strength, then the genetic ability chain of the Frost Puppet was a supplement to the number.

In the Blizzard Domain, Xu Tui could continuously instantiate powerful frost puppets with minimal consumption.

In the Blizzard Domain, the Frost Puppet was almost immortal. It was extremely useful at critical moments. There was only one star halo for the Frost PuDDet Nova after it condensed. Xu Tui soent most of the dav strengthening it to the second level.

Xu Tui’s cultivation level had risen to the Four Satellites Planetary realm.

This was the lowest cultivation level displayed so far. However, Xu Tui tried. At most, he could only display the cultivation of the Seven Satellites Planetary realm.

According to the current research, the main planet’s force field could hold at most seven power new stars, and the secondary main planet’s force field could hold at most six power new stars.

Including the main planet, Xu Tui currently had a total of 14 skill slots.

Currently, Xu Tui has 11 new power stars, including the main and secondary main stars.

There were also three power nova positions.

Xu Tui thought about it and decided to use the few new power star positions he had to try again. He would condense another passive support-type new star. He wanted to see how helpful it was to his combat strength.

The passive auxiliary genetic ability chain that Xu Tui chose was an advanced instantiation ability. This ability could be said to be the foundation of Xu Tui’s mind power turning into attack power. It was also the foundation of his Perception Instantiation.

Xu Tui believed that no matter what, his combat strength would more or less increase after he condensed his star. It would definitely not be a useless star. Of course, it would depend on how much the improvement was.

An hour later, the condensation was completed. An Instantiation Nova appeared and was absorbed into the main planet force field of mind power. After the Instantiation Nova appeared, it had two star halos.

At this point, Xu Tui’s cultivation aura had returned to the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

Xu Tui had 12 Power Stars. Currently, he still has two skill slots.

Xu Tui did not condense these two skill slots now. He might encounter a more suitable ability choice in the future. He could not use up all his skill slots. Moreover, not only did he have to have more new power stars, but he also had to be refined.

A low-level new power star did not have much attack power when facing a powerful Planetary realm powerhouse. Therefore, in the next two days, Xu Tui began to consciously strengthen and cultivate these new power stars.

For example, in two and a half days, Xu Tui had strengthened the Frost Nova, Spiritual Concealment, and the Frost Puppet to the third level. It further strengthened the combat strength of the Blizzard Domain system.

Two and a half days later, on the afternoon of September 30th, Xu Tui slowly stood up.

The concentration of energy in the Huashan Cave had decreased again. Even with the enhancement and mobilization of the Mount Heng Divine Seal and the Huashan Divine Seal, Xu Tui had consumed a certain amount of energy in the entire Qinling Mountains.

The concentration of energy in the Huashan Cave dropped from 20 to 14. His cultivation efficiency decreased further. His cultivation efficiency was no longer as good as on Planet Peach.

There was no need to waste time here.

Xu Tui stood up and turned on his communication device. He sent a message to the others. “Other than those who are breaking through, everyone else will gather at the capital square at 5:30 tomorrow morning..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1