Chapter 1574 - 1574: The Source Of The Great Defeation And Raymont L S Confession (2)

Chapter 1574 - 1574: The Source of the Great Defeation and Raymont l s Confession (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Muyas also had such restrictions. Furthermore, the Great Xi Clan was only in the military, while the Muyas were only in the palace of the Heavenly Court. The various restrictions were almost perfect, and the power was overwhelming. The question was, how was the ancient Heavenly Court overthrown?

Xu Tui had not thought about this question before. Now that Shang Long had specifically mentioned it, Xu Tui and the others broke out in cold sweat. He had not taken this most fundamental problem seriously before.

“Don’t look at me. I don’t know the answer.” Shang Long shook his head. “I’m also looking for this answer. Perhaps it’s because we haven’t reached the level of power, or perhaps we haven’t come into contact with it. Or perhaps we haven’t completely killed our way out of the solar system. I’ve looked for many ancient species but haven’t found an answer.

“However, I found the relevant words.”

“Which words?” Xu Tui and the others looked at Shang Long.

“The battle of the Great Dao and the battle of the celestials!”

Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping were stunned again. They had helpless expressions. If he had to search for these words online, he would find a bunch of them. It was too much and too mysterious. It was too difficult to deduce the reason for the destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court with just these words.

“The battle of the Great Dao and the battle of the celestials. These words were only a direction. It might be right, or it might not. Now, I just want to remind you that you can’t let your guard down before you clarify the real reason for the destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court. The real reason will depend on you to find it.”

Xu Tui was still thinking about this question when he left Shang Long’s place. How was the invincible ancient Heavenly Court destroyed? When Xu Tui returned to the Water Origin Palace, Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Xu Tui, I have two things to tell you.”

“Speak.”

“The first thing is that Mr. Shang Long sent you a top-secret message just now. He said that he gave you some of his discoveries and notes from his previous travels in the Milkv Wav in an encrvDted form. Do vou know how to read it? I

can’t read the details,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui’s current mind power was based on his photographic memory. He quickly recorded the strange words that Shang Long had given him.

Ah Huang could not translate, but Xu Tui could. This was because this was a dynamic encryption method within the Genetic Miracle. The specific translation method was related to the operation of the 72-point great genetic ability chain.

It could be said that only by knowing the method and cultivating the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain at the same time could it be translated. It was normal for Ah Huang not to understand.

However, the first sentence in the notebook stunned Xu Tui.

“The translated content of this notebook can only be memorized. You can record it by hand if necessary, but you must not upload it to any artificial intelligence equipment. You must not!”

“You must not” was specially emphasized. Xu Tui could not help but look at the communication device on his wrist that Ah Huang had possessed. This was the second time Xu Tui realized that Genetic Miracles were extremely wary of artificial intelligence devices, including Ah Huang.

There was a lot of content recorded in Shang Long’s notes. For a moment, he could not discover how important it was. He could only remember it in his heart.

“Ah Huang, what’s the second thing?”

“Xu Tui, it’s like this. I’ve already reached the peak of the Transmutation Realm after more than a year of cultivation. However, I don’t know how to break through to the quasi-planetary realm. Next time, I hope you can help me get one or two Planetary realm captives of the Great Xi Clan. I want to study them,” Ah Huang said.

“Lavis should tell you everything he knows, right?” Xu Tui asked curiously.

“I want to dismantle it alive! Whether it’s the cultivation path of Lavis and the others or the cultivation path of the Mechanical Spirit Race, it’s too slow. I think I can find a new way,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui was suddenly shocked. Was this the terror of artificial intelligence? Or rather, it was the horror of an artificial intelligence with a spirit. He was already looking for a new cultivation path. Could this be the fundamental reason why Shang Long and Gavro were wary of artificial intelligence?

“I’ll give it to you when it’s done. However, Ah Huang, how powerful is your spirit now?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“The cultivation of my spirit is rather slow. I realized that it is much slower than the cultivation of humans. It would not be a problem for the current spirit to support me in breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm or even the Planetary realm. However, after that, I would need to strengthen the spirit. If possible, Xu Tui, you can give me three or four more of your Silver Spirit Box,” Ah Huang said.

“Three to four Silver Spirit Boxes? Sure. However, I have Soul Crystals here. Do you want them? The speed at which you strengthen your spirit is faster than the Silver Spirit Box,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Yes, of course,” Ah Huang agreed.

“Sure, we’ll arrange it tonight. However, no matter how clean the Soul Crystal is, there will be a trace of negative power inside. It’s your first time using it. You have to let my mind power enter your spirit and help you guide it,” Xu Tui said.

“Of course. I’m looking forward to it.” Ah Huang did not suspect anything.

“Alright.”

In the newly-established interrogation room in the Water Origin Palace of Ceres Star. When Yang Huai opened the door and entered again, Raymont, who was chained to the torture rack, trembled when he saw Yang Huai.

“I’ll confess. Lord Yang, I’ll confess and surrender. I’ll tell you whatever you ask. Don’t come over, don’t come over…” Raymont’s voice was filled with fear. At this moment, he was like a child..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1