Chapter 1573 - 1573: The Source Of The Great Defeation And Raymont L S Confession (1)

Chapter 1573 - 1573: The Source of the Great Defeation and Raymont l s Confession (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Currently, Xu Tui had a total of four active attacks and future actions. He roughly explained them to Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping.

Xu Tui said this because he wanted to seek the opinions of Cai Shaochu, Shang Long, and the others. One person’s plan was short, and many people’s plan was long. To his surprise, Shang Long did not express his opinion on Xu Tui’s battle plan.

“I can’t do it in terms of strategies.” Shang Long first laughed in self-denial. “More than a year after I joined the Pangu Special Force, Commander Cheng came to this conclusion when he summarized everyone’s characteristics and clearly determined their location.

“I’m good at cultivation and individual tactics. I’m more suitable for charging and taking risks.

Now, seeing how quickly you guys are growing, I suddenly feel much more relaxed.”

Xu Tui had thought that Shang Long was being modest. He did not want him, the nominal commander of the Worldly Demon Slayers, to feel awkward. After all, Shang Long’s right to speak could easily surpass Xu Tui’s.

“Mr. Shang, don’t say that. You’ve wandered the Milky Way alone with a sword.

Your experience…”

Shang Long interrupted Xu Tui before he could finish his sentence. “Xu Tui, I’m not being polite with you. I’m like a sword. I don’t like to beat around the bush. What I say is what I think. Do you understand? This is also my Dao!” Shang Long said as he looked at Xu Tui.

“Moreover, what I want to tell you is that perhaps because of your growth, the pressure on my heart has been greatly reduced. My thoughts are clear. I had a feeling that I was not far from breaking through to the Nine Satellites. Therefore, I won’t interfere in this battle strategy. When you need me, just treat me as a sword. Invincible and indestructible is probably my favorite thing. ”

“Teacher, you’re going to break through to the Nine Satellites. That’s great! If you break through, then our Huaxia…”

Cai Shaochu’s congratulations were interrupted by Shang Long again. “It’s actually nothing for me to break through to the Nine Satellites alone. It would be a blessing for Huaxia and the Blue Star if we have people who broke through to the Nine Satellites one after another. This is what I’m going to tell you next. I hope you will listen carefully,” Shang Long said.

Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping became solemn at the same time. “Record a video. If you need it, you can show my words to others in the future.” Cai Shaochu, Li Qingping, and Xu Tui quickly turned on the recording device.

“In the name of the opening, my words are an inventory of the Blue Star’s past and a reflection on the future. They will not form specific guidance. However, there is a problem that you must think about carefully.

“Just one question. From the large amount of information I’ve obtained, be it from the small universe of the Heavenly Court or the solar system, or the information I’ve obtained from the Great Xi Clan, the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, and some ancient alien species,

“Whether it was the current Muyas, the Spiritual Race, or the Great Xi Clan, thousands of years ago, it might have been 2,000 years ago or 3,000 years ago, they were all under the rule of the ancient Heavenly Court.

“The people in charge of the ancient Heavenly Court were all controlled by the Blue Star humans, or rather, the Huaxia humans. All kinds of information showed that the ancient Heavenly Court was very powerful and had an extremely powerful dominance over the various races.

“Whether it was the military system, the forces that restrained each other, or the top combat strength, they were all crushing. For example, the Six Imperials of the ancient Heavenly Court can crush all the power of the three races, let alone the power above the Six Imperials.”

“There’s an even stronger power above the Six Imperials?”

“Don’t interrupt.” Shang Long glared at Xu Tui, who was asking the question, and asked him to shut up. Shang Long continued. “All the information shows and supports that even if the three races join forces, they will not be able to destroy the ancient Heavenly Court. However, the truth was that the ancient Heavenly Court had indeed been destroyed.

“Not only had it been destroyed, but it had also fallen into a seal. The Great Xi Clan and the Muyas, who had been almost like slaves in the past, had occupied the Milky Way and some of the extra-galactic systems.

“I feel that we have to figure out a problem in the future—why would such a situation happen? Why was the ancient Heavenly Court destroyed when it was invincible? This is the first problem, and it is also the root of the problem. If we can’t find the reason why the ancient Heavenly Court was destroyed when we were invincible, then even if we grow stronger step by step, even if we defeat the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas, we might be able to step onto the path of the destruction of the ancient Heavenly Court again.”

Xu Tui. Cai Shaochu. and Li OinEDinc were stunned at the same time. Xu Tui’s

heart was already in turmoil. Actually, when he was exploring the small universe of the Heavenly Court, Xu Tui had already realized how powerful the ancient Heavenly Court was. It was really very powerful.

In Xu Tui’s current opinion, it was so powerful that it made him despair.

However, why was it destroyed? The Great Xi Clan, the Muyas, and the Spiritual Race, they would not be able to destroy the ancient Heavenly Court even if they joined forces.

Xu Tui was very certain of this.

Other than the fact that he did not know much about the Spiritual Race at the moment, the person in charge of the ancient Heavenly Court had all kinds of restrictions on the Great Xi Clan and the Muyas.

For example, in the Heavenly Court’s army, the Great Xi Clan could only reach the commander-in-chief at most. Their cultivation could only reach the Eight Satellites Planetary realm, and it was limited.

The Ancient Great Xi Clan above the Five Satellites could not cultivate and break through their own restrictions..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1