Chapter 1571 - 1571: Active Attack (2)

Chapter 1571 - 1571: Active Attack (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“When you first used the eight layers of the Vajra Barrier, you added two layers of the Vajra Barrier at the last minute when the sword light attacked. Your reaction speed is indeed much faster than Qingping. Moreover, you didn’t use your full strength, right?” Shang Long asked Xu Tui.

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he heard that. “I did make up two layers, but I did use all my strength. If I use it again, I’ll have to use some extreme life-saving methods. ”

Xu Tui was telling the truth. He had indeed activated the Vajra Nova to the extreme. It was at the mid-stage of the sixth star halo. Under the enhancement of the 11 new stars, it had reached the mid-stage of the eighth star halo and erupted with a terrifying defense.

However, Xu Tui had used his extremely fast reaction speed to replenish two layers or tne vajra Barrier. otnerwse, It WOUICI nave Deen DroKen DY snang Long.

“Good lad, I’m relieved to hear that! If you have some extreme life-saving methods, you can survive even if you encounter a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.” After praising him, Shang Long said, “Alright, this time, I’ll let you experience the power of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. It’s just touching the power of the Dao a little.”

After saying that, Shang Long looked at Xu Tui. “Xu Tui, why don’t you use some of your other life-saving methods? This way, you will have more experience when you deal with them in the future.”

“Okay!”

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui responded, an indescribable killing intent suddenly spread out from Shang Long’s body. The Small God Slaying Sword in the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s body also trembled slightly.

Xu Tui’s expression changed. Was Shang Long’s Sword Dao already so powerful that it could activate his God Slaying Sword? In the next moment, three sword lights slashed at the three of them from a thousand meters away.

Xu Tui’s expression changed the moment the sword light slashed out. The moment this sword slashed over, everything in the world seemed to have lost the ability to compete with this sword.

This sword filled Xu Tui’s eyes and mental perception. In an instant, he felt a sharp pain in his mental body. The moment the sword light blasted over, his mental perception was broken. Without hesitation, Xu Tui drew out the power of a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. At the same time, he instantiated a mountain in front of him to replenish his defense.

It was as fast as lightning. It was like a hot knife into butter or a soup splashed with snow.

Xu Tui’s layers of defense, the Mountain Formula, the first level of the Vajra Barrier held by the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token, and the Vajra Barrier that he replenished later all shattered in front of this sword.

Every layer of defense could consume a little of the power of the sword light. The amount consumed was much less though. However, this sword light was a

little different from the previous sword. It had an indescribable characteristic.

Xu Tui did not have any sense of this characteristic because his mental perception had been broken. However, the layers of defense that Xu Tui had set up, the Mountain Formula, and the power of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token all shattered under this sword.

The remaining sword light passed through Xu Tui’s ribs and dissipated in the distant void. Xu Tui remained where he was.

“Nine Satellites, the power close to the Dao… is that strong?”

“Yes! You could understand it as a qualitative change triggered by quantity. However, in reality, quantitative changes could not trigger such a qualitative change. It was more of a form of comprehension. If you understand it, you understand it,” Shang Long said.

Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping were a little confused. They did not quite understand what he was saying.

“Mr. Shang, do all the Nine Satellites have this kind of power?” Xu Tui asked a very important question.

“I’m not sure!” Shang Long shook his head. “There are very few samples on our side that I can study. It can even be said that there are none. So, I’m not sure. However, at the moment, all the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses that I had encountered had similar characteristics. Only by touching a trace of the power of the Dao could one break through to the Nine Satellites.

“Of course, there were still differences in the power one could touch or master.

Otherwise, I would not be able to pose much of a threat to Shui Zhi and Gu Ji. I’m only showing it to you today to give you a reminder. If you encounter a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, try not to take it head-on. Otherwise, it will be very difficult for you to take it with your defense,” Shang Long said.

The three of them nodded in unison. These two swords allowed them to gain something, but the gains were different.

What Xu Tui felt was a strong sense of crisis. Before this, he had even planned to rush into the Earth Origin Palace and fight Gu Ji.

At that time, Xu Tui had just attacked and killed the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Dylin. Xu Tui’s confidence had swelled to the point that he could fight the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse alone.

Shang Long had probably seen through this and personally taught Xu Tui this lesson. He made Xu Tui realize in advance how terrifying a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was. He had put in a lot of effort.

Just as Cai Shaochu and Li Qingping were about to leave, Xu Tui suddenly said, “Mr. Shang, I still want to try another strike.”

“Try again? Kid, are you trying to drain me dry!” After scolding jokingly, Shang Long instantly stood far away, and his aura suddenly changed.

“I want to be in a combat state,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright!” Shang Long agreed readily.

Three minutes later, Xu Tui, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, Li Qingping, and the others arrived at the desolate area of Ceres Star. Shang Long, who was 2,000 meters away, suddenly changed his aura.

In the next moment, a sword light instantly slashed out. Xu Tui disappeared the moment the sword light slashed out..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1