Chapter 1572 - 1572: Active Attack (3)

Chapter 1572 - 1572: Active Attack (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This was Xu Tui’s bold attempt.

Xu Tui was also looking for a foundation for his future battles. It was extremely important. If he did not do these tests, based on the current situation, Xu Tui would only have one choice if he encountered a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse in the future—escape.

The moment Xu Tui teleported and disappeared, Shang Long’s gaze shifted slightly. His boundless mind power suddenly trembled. The sword light that was slashing toward Xu Tui suddenly trembled and slashed toward a certain spot in the void.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui teleported out of the void. The moment he teleported out, he saw the sword light flying over.

In a flash, Xu Tui used the Time Distortion Nova to make many attempts. First, he lashed out with the Mental Vibrating Whip. It worked. The Vibrating Whip that specialized in vibrating mental attacks was effective, but it only weakened 10% of the power of the sword light.

Next was the Mount Heng Divine Seal. This time, Xu Tui used the Mount Heng Divine Seal as the core to instantiate a mountain and block the sword light. The mountain instantly shattered, but in the distance, Shang Long’s gaze changed slightly when he sensed the aura of the Mount Heng Divine Seal. He could roughly sense that the Mount Heng Divine Seal should be able to block this sword.

However, the Mount Heng Divine Seal would probably be slightly damaged. Moreover, Xu Tui was talking about close to actual combat. Almost at the same time, Shang Long had a thought. His sword light deviated slightly with extreme precision. It instantly bypassed the Mount Heng Divine Seal and slashed at Xu Tui again.

Xu Tui was also stunned. He did not expect Shang Long to have such exquisite control over the sword light. It was too late to activate the Mount Heng Divine Seal now.

In an instant, Xu Tui activated the Time Distortion Nova. Time deceleration!

In the time deceleration circle, Shang Long’s sword light instantly slowed down. It was also at this moment that Xu Tui instantly condensed dozens of earth spikes and shot them crazily. In an instant, more than 30 earth spikes shot towards the sword light. Under the barrage of earth spikes, the sword light finally dissipated under the obstruction of the layers of Vajra Barrier.

He blocked it!

Xu Tui finally blocked Shang Long’s sword, which had the strength of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm .

Xu Tui wiped the cold sweat off his forehead and finally heaved a sigh of relief. He finally had a basic understanding of the power of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. He would have a plan for how to deal with it in the future.

Cai Shaochu and Li Qingping were naturally extremely shocked. Shang Long was also very shocked.

“That ability of yours just now was very special.” Seeing that Xu Tui was about to say something, Shang Long suddenly stopped him. “Alright, stop talking. Someone is already paying attention to this place. Let’s go.”

“Mr. Shang, thank you,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“I should be the one thanking you,” Shang Long suddenly said carefreely. “I have a successor. Suddenly, I feel that I can sleep well!”

A few minutes later, the four of them returned to the Wood Origin Palace.

Shang Long told the three of them about the power characteristics of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm that he had seen previously based on the actual combat.

Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping became more knowledgeable when he talked about the exciting parts and even demonstrated it step by step. The value of this experience was indescribable.

Xu Tui and the other two listened intently for most of the day. It was only when Shang Long felt that there was nothing more to say at this level that he stopped.

“Xu Tui, what do you think next?” Shang Long asked about the future strategy after he finished explaining the characteristics of his power. Coincidentally, Cai Shaochu was also there.

“Mr. Shang, Principal, over the years, the Blue Star has been very passive. They have almost always been passively beaten up. They have been constantly attacked by the enemy and defended.

“Now, we want to change this. I want to take the initiative to attack,” Xu Tui said.

“Take the initiative to attack?” Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping looked at Xu Tui at the same time..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1