Chapter 1575 - 1575: The Source Of The Great Defeation And Raymont L S Confession (3)

Chapter 1575 - 1575: The Source of the Great Defeation and Raymont l s Confession (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was stunned. He could not help but look at Yang Huai. Over the past month, how had this fellow tortured Raymont to such a terrifying extent? He had actually tortured a Six Satellites Planetary realm to such an extent.

It was a little scary.

Yang Huai looked a little sinister and ferocious now.

Xu Tui’s gaze made Yang Huai chuckle. Just his laughter made Raymont tremble a few more times. “Commander, I’ve thought about my position carefully. I think that being proficient in interrogation will become my greatest specialty other than my combat strength. I have been studying all kinds of interrogation methods recently. I had only tried a small number of methods on Raymont. This fellow’s bones were a little soft and could not be interrogated. In the future, if you have a tough nut to crack, feel free to leave it to me.” Xu Tui was stunned.

Those who could cultivate to the Six Satellites Planetary realm would not be bad in terms of willpower and perseverance. Moreover, Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star had received very intense anti-interrogation training before the extra-terrestrial battle. It could be seen that Yang Huai was really good at this.

“What did he confess?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s all here.” Yang Huai sent Xu Tui two documents. “Commander, the large data packet is the entire recording of the interrogation process. It will take a long time. You can read it when you are free. The other small data packet is the outline of the information that Raymont confessed.”

Xu Tui took another look at Yang Huai. Yang Huai was quite capable. He did it very carefully.

“You’ve worked hard.” Xu Tui casually took out 100 grams of Soul Crystals and gave them to Yang Huai. “Don’t refine them all at once. Refine 10 grams every other day. Pay attention to the release of the remaining negative emotions. When you’re done, you’ll probably be at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. However, don’t be in a hurry to break through. Continue to accumulate. It’s best if you cultivate your main genetic ability chain to the extreme before breaking through.” Xu Tui gave Yang Huai a reward and gave him a few reminders.

“Thank you, Commander.” Yang Huai was very excited. It was very good to serve Xu Tui and be rewarded for his contributions.

Xu Tui’s expression slowly turned ugly as he flipped through the outline of the confession that Yang Huai had brought over.

Raymont was indeed involved in human trafficking!

The main force in selling the Blue Star population was the Dawn Salvation

Traitor Organization. However, the reason why the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization could run rampant in the Blue Star and the extra-terrestrial without any obstruction was greatly related to Raymont.

Not only did Raymont provide Dawn Salvation with information about the Blue Star’s extra-terrestrial military patrols, but he also issued them a pass and all kinds of ventilation reports.

“Bastards!” Xu Tui suddenly shouted angrily. Even Yang Huai, who was at the side, was shocked.

The Battle of the Moon!

In the battle where Lei Tian led an army to break through the moon and Mars, Dawn Salvation was also involved. Countless warriors from the Blue Star died  in that battle.

The Fallen Star teams from Huaxia and the other sectors advanced one after another. They launched suicidal attacks, including the suicidal attacks of Transmutation Realm experts like Shen Jiushuang. Only then did they defend the moon under the attack of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

In that battle, the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Africa Sector, Manut, died in battle. In that battle, countless warriors died without a corpse.

However, these could have been avoided. Before the battle, Haren and Itavi temporarily left the moon that they were on duty to guard for different reasons. From the looks of it, everything was a coincidence. Although there was a punishment after the incident, compared to the thousands of sacrifices, the punishment was nothing.

However, Raymont’s confession stated that Dawn Salvation had learned in advance through some channels about the possibility of an attack by the Spiritual Race. Then, they vaguely revealed it to their partners.

For example, Itavi.

Haren did not know, but Itavi must have left the moon because he learned this news in advance. He only had one goal—to use the enemy to weaken the strength of the other sectors. This confession was just a deduction that Raymont could not stand being interrogated by Yang Huai. He had no choice but to say it.

However, the source of his deduction, Dawn Salvation’s actions, was real. Haren and Itavi were dead. However, Dawn Salvation was still there! There had never been a moment when Xu Tui hated Dawn Salvation to the extreme like now.

Xu Tui was only angry when he was attacked by Dawn Salvation on the way to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College or when Luo Shifeng was killed by Painted Skin that might belong to Dawn Salvation.

One day, he would definitely dig out the roots of Dawn Salvation.

Xu Tui felt a sense of depression in his heart when he saw the things that Raymont had confessed. If the higher-ups of Dawn Salvation were in front of Xu Tui, he would definitely cut them into pieces.

Tumor!

Dawn was the cancer of the Blue Star!

“What’s the relationship between The Myth and Dawn? Did you ask?” Xu Tui looked at Yang Huai.

“Commander, I did! I asked 13 times, but every time, Raymont only replied with the word ‘nothing’. He didn’t say a word more!”

“Hmm?” Xu Tui was a little surprised when he heard that the answer was ‘nothing’. However, when he heard Yang Huai say that he had asked the question 13 times in a row and that the answer was always only that word, Xu Tui realized that something was wrong.

Xu Tui had worked in the Special Intelligence Division and understood the relevant knowledge. The person being interrogated had the same answer to the same question when their resistance collapsed. However, the content or expression of the answer could not be the same every single time.

It was exactly the same every time, which could only mean one thing— Raymont had been subjected to extremely high -intensity spiritual hints many times in this aspect. This also gave him an answer—it did not matter, but in reality, it should be related.

At the side, Yang Huai nodded. That was indeed the case. Xu Tui’s eyes lit up when he heard that.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr!

What role did Ullr play in the Dawn Salvation or in the relationship with the Dawn Salvation?

After considering it for a minute, Xu Tui contacted Wei Bin through the independent channel. “Commander Wei, I want to completely surround the

Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. Give me a plan.”

On the other end of the communication device, Wei Bin was silent. “Commander Xu, I’m afraid it’s very difficult to eliminate them completely!”

“What’s the difficulty?”

“The various sectors of the Blue Star are filled with intelligence sieves. The operation hasn’t started. I’m afraid…”

“Lieutenant Wei, if you can give us a solution in the short term, the higher-ups of the Worldly Demon Slayer Team will be the main focus of this operation. Just leave the matter of preventing the information from being leaked to me. What I need is an extremely feasible plan,” Xu Tui said.

“What about The Myth? In terms of intelligence reasoning, The Myth and Dawn should have cooperated or been related,” Wei Bin said.

“Leave it to me,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, sure. However, I need you to authorize me to mobilize the intelligence departments of the American Sector’s Demon Slaying Brigade and the European Sector’s Demon Slaying Brigade.

“These two families, including us, have also been infiltrating Dawn over the years and have produced results. As long as we mobilize these spies, we will definitely be able to expose Dawn Salvation in a short period of time,” Wei Bin said.

“Alright, I’ll contact them immediately!” Xu Tui was filled with killing intent..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1