Chapter 1579 - 1579: The Whereabouts Of Painted Skin

Chapter 1579: The Whereabouts of Painted Skin

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the face of an absolute advantage in strength, it was crushing. The various technological and armed defense systems of the Dawn asteroid were decorations in front of Xu Tui.

It was similar to the battle of the Moon back then.

If Cai Shaochu and the rest of the Fallen Star team had not stopped the strongest Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race, the outcome of the Moon defense battle would have been like the current Dawn Asteroid.

Aurora and the others could not stop Xu Tui at all, causing the Dawn asteroid to be completely defeated.

Aurora was captured alive on the spot. The teams that Xu Tui had set up in advance on the various planets in the extra-terrestrial, such as the Moon, Mars, Manut, Planet Kono, and so on, began to take action.

Only the captain knew the contents of the operation, and the captains were basically the captains of the various special forces under the Worldly Demon Slayers.

For example, Augustus, Ruan Tianzuo, Ganjiv, Li Qingping, and the others.

Xu Tui had given these people the contents of the mission this time. He had explained it very clearly. If the mission was leaked or the mission failed, he would bear the consequences.

Dozens of teams on the Blue Star also began to take action at the same time. The most important targets were handed by Yan Lie, Cui Xi, Yan Xuejin, and the others that Xu Tui had sent over.

The battle in the Aurora Base ended in just two minutes with the arrival of An Xiaoxue and the others. Under the forceful intrusion of the hardware, Ah Huang took over the base in an extremely short period of time.

However, the security of the base’s database still surprised Xu Tui. Or rather, it was the safe method of Dawn Salvation that stunned Xu Tui.

Ah Huang only tried to enter the database. When it cracked it, the base’s database activated full self-destruction.

Ah Huang could not do anything about this programmatic setting. They could only watch as the database was completely destroyed. Xu Tui, who had received the information, looked at Aurora, who had been captured alive, with a serious expression.

The next breakthrough was with Aurora.

Yang Huai was eager to try. It was time for him to show off his skills.

“Commander, we’ve already done three physical tests. We’ve scanned his head six times, internally and externally, especially his head. It’s enough to re-model it through his brain. We can confirm that there are no control chips or any tools that can kill him in his head or any part of his body,” Yang Huai said.

Actually, Xu Tui had already discovered this with his mental perception. However, for the sake of caution, he still got the technological equipment to check it several times. Everyone in the Aurora Base, including a few Planetary realm experts, had a control chip, but Aurora did not.

This gave Xu Tui a bad feeling. Without control, it might mean absolute trust.

“I’ll go first. Then you’ll go later!”

“Alright, Commander!”

While Aurora was unconscious, spiritual resonance, advanced hypnosis, spiritual radiation, and Spiritual Concealment were all directed at him.

Aurora answered many of Xu Tui’s questions. At the same time, he also saw many images in Aurora’s mind through his spiritual radiation. He obtained a lot of information.

Xu Tui even saw the image of the base in the Terry meteorite belt. He even asked Aurora about the Star Ruins of the Terry meteorite.

The Star Ruins did exist, but it was indeed very dangerous. Even Ullr had only entered it once more 18 years ago after the establishment of the Far Light Base.

Aurora was indeed the second -in-command of Dawn Salvation. Suddenly, another image appeared in front of Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was stunned. The veins on his forehead twitched, and his expression instantly became ferocious.

Painted Skin!

Under the guidance of Aurora’s hypnosis, Xu Tui found the memory images of the Painted Skin. A few key images appeared one by one. The contents of the image made Xu Tui’s expression turn ferocious. It was also a little complicated.

However, no matter what, he had found the whereabouts of Painted Skin. He did not expect Dawn Salvation to send Painted Skin to the interior of his Worldly Demon Slayers.

This was impressive enough!

However, Dawn and the others did not expect Xu Tui to be able to surround them and uproot them. He also easily captured Aurora.

Perhaps it was because Aurora was the true core or because he was confident that Aurora would not be captured, but basically, the important information of Dawn Salvation was almost unguarded against Aurora.

They had all been asked. However, there was only one question. As long as he asked, Aurora would fall silent.

“Tell me who Dawn is!”

Even though he was under extreme hypnosis and with the help of Xu Tui’s Spiritual Concealment, the unconscious Aurora still would not answer this question. As the second-in-command of Dawn Salvation, this might be the only thing he needed to keep a secret.

This was because once the second-in-command, Aurora, was captured, there was no need to keep other information secret. The only thing he needed to keep secret was the identity of his boss, Dawn.

An hour later, Xu Tui gave up after various attempts. Whether it was indirectly or directly, or obscurely asking about other identity information about Dawn, he could not achieve it.

“Yang Huai, it’s your turn.”

“Alright, Commander. I need to wake him up first! The interrogation will only be effective when he’s awake,” Yang Huai said.

Soon, Aurora was woken up. Aurora, who had been woken up, was not too surprised to see Xu Tui and Yang Huai. He had expected all of this the moment before he fainted. After being in charge of Dawn Salvation for so many years, Aurora’s ability was very powerful.

“I only have one question now. Who is Dawn? I know that you are unwilling to answer me. However, I think that you will definitely answer me in the passage of time. Well, there are 68 torture devices in front of me. There are a total of 114 methods of interrogation that I can use on you. We’ll play slowly. Take your time to think about it. Just tell me if you want to say it.” An indescribably sinister feeling spread throughout Yang Huai’s body as he said those simple words. Even Xu Tui was slightly affected.

This fellow was really…

However, Aurora, who was opposite him, looked at Yang Huai’s torture device and laughed.

“It looks like you’ve indeed put in a lot of effort in the area of interrogation. I’ve never seen three of your 68 torture devices. There will probably be six to seven methods of interrogation that I’ve never seen,” Aurora said with a smile.

“It’s good that you know. Then let’s carry out the first step now. The first step is to inject the potion to increase the sensitivity of all your nerves, muscles, and skin to pain by more than ten times. I’ll also inject you with the powerful restoration potion and the Mental Stimulation Potion. You won’t die, much less faint. You will always be very energetic!” Yang Huai said.

Yang Huai’s movements were not fast. He spoke slowly and slowly injected the potion into Aurora. His movements were not fast, but his psychological deterrence was extremely great. Even Aurora nodded repeatedly.

“I can tell that you’re really an expert at interrogation! However, I can tell you clearly that you can’t make me speak.”

“Then let’s try.”

“Do you know how I became Aurora? I’m the second-in-command of Dawn Salvation?” Aurora suddenly spoke.

“How did you become Aurora?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Sixty-five years ago. That year, I was seven years old. I was a mixed-blood. I lived in New India City in the India Sector and had a good life. My father is a lawyer, my mother is a flower artist, and I have a beautiful and gentle sister. However, that night, an Evolution Realm expert from the India Sector rushed into my house. My father was not strong personally. He was killed on the spot and…” Aurora panted.

“The six of them raped my mother and my sister in front of me… My mother was tortured to death. In the end, they took my sister and me away. Then, we lived a hellish year. In this year, my sister and I were ravaged by all kinds of men and became their money-making tools. Would you believe me if I said that I’ve eaten shit? More than once.” At this point, Aurora chuckled. It made Xu Tui and Yang Huai’s hair stand on end.

“That year, I swore countless times that as long as someone could kill my enemy, I would sacrifice everything I had to the person who saved me! A year later, my wish came true. Boss appeared! He captured six people alive! I killed five of them, then used seven days to eat the leader of the Genetic Evolution Realm expert.!”

Aurora bared his white teeth and smiled sinisterly. Xu Tui and Yang Huai felt an inexplicable chill. In terms of growth experience, Aurora…

However…

“Then, I personally gave my sister a quick death. From then on, I followed the Boss and started fooling around! Later on, I had a chance to traffic people. I felt that some people were quite suitable.” At this point, Aurora chuckled again. “By the way, do you know what I said to Boss the most back then?”

“What is it?” Xu Tui asked.

“I told Boss that if Boss needed me to die, I would definitely not frown! At that time, the Boss said that there was no need. It was best if I was alive. But today, I think Boss needs me to die!” Aurora’s gaze suddenly became extremely clear at this moment. At the same time, Aurora suddenly closed his eyes. The moment he closed his eyes, an eyeball suddenly exploded!

“F*ck!” It was too late for Xu Tui to stop him. He had already checked his entire body, including his eyes. However, Xu Tui did not expect Aurora to biologically modify his entire eyeball.

An unknown toxin instantly exploded into Aurora’s head.

Aurora’s other eye suddenly opened. It was extremely clear but a little illusory. “I’ve probably… already repaid the Boss’s kindness… In my next life… Life is so bitter. It’s better not to have a next life…

As he muttered, Aurora’s aura, including the aura of his life force and mental body, quickly dissipated into nothingness.

Xu Tui and Yang Huai froze at the same time.

In the distant Ceres Star, the Myth Lord, Ullr, who had just experienced the

power of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, suddenly felt his heart tremble. An indescribable panic surged in his heart..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1