Chapter 1578 - 1578: Capturing Aurora Alive

Chapter 1578: Capturing Aurora Alive

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The guards of the quantum teleportation tunnel fortress of the Dawn asteroid were actually extremely careful under the rules. When they realized that the people who were teleported over through the quantum teleportation channel were different, they immediately activated their counterattack.

Using three-phase thermal bombs to bombard them.

This was actually the most typical defense method of the Blue Star at the fortress.

The characteristic of this defensive method was that the inner fortress was built extremely firmly. Depending on the strength and thickness of the building, the inner fortress would not be broken if one to several three-phase thermal bombs were detonated at the same time.

The power of the three-phase thermal bomb bound and exploded at the inner fortress within a radius of about 100 meters.

Under such circumstances, it was equivalent to the invaders completely enduring the full power of a three-phase thermal bomb. Even a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse would definitely die, let alone the Five Satellites.

This was how terrifying a defense fortress was. In the past two years, as the extra-terrestrial wars became more frequent and the quantum teleportation channels increased, there were more and more classic defensive fortresses.

However, Xu Tui and the others, who had arrived, did not panic at all.

Any technological armament would take time to complete the order from the moment they gave the order to the moment the launcher was ready. The more powerful the weapon, the more complicated the program and the longer the time.

Even though the three-phase thermal bomb launcher had been optimized countless times, it still took two to four seconds to fire the order based on the difference in technology and equipment.

In other words, even if the other party used the three-phase thermal bombs to bombard the extremely small enclosed defense fortress, Xu Tui and the others would have at least two seconds to react.

Of course, most people might not be able to do anything in two seconds. The reason why Xu Tui and the others did not panic at all was that they had already come up with a plan for all possible situations before they came.

The situation in front of him was the most comprehensive plan.

Almost the moment everyone appeared, An Xiaoxue, who had just assisted in the teleportation, began to use Dimensional Slash. The Dimensional Slash had a characteristic of ignoring physical characteristics. No matter how strong a building was, it was like tofu in front of the Dimensional Slash.

Therefore, the walls of the defensive fortress, which were dozens of meters thick, quickly shattered like tofu in front of An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash.

Of course, the others did not stay idle. The others also used their sharpest long-range attacks to cooperate with An Xiaoxue to pierce through the defense fortress. However, Xu Tui did not attack immediately.

Xu Tui’s powerful mental perception instantly spread in all directions. His powerful mental perception first found the firing pipe of the three-phase thermal bombs. He moved his mind power slightly. The extremely precise three-phase thermal bomb’s firing pipe had already been distorted.

Xu Tui did not know what would happen to the three-phase thermal bomb next. In any case, they would definitely not be able to blast into the fortress.

Xu Tui instantly disappeared almost at the same time. The defense fortress in the inner circle of the Dawn asteroid also used a large number of materials to block the mind power of Planetary realm powerhouses of the Supernatural Branch.

However, there were still loopholes. For example, the firing tube of the three-phase thermal bomb was hollow and was not completely shielded. Xu Tui’s mind power slipped out of the inner fortress through the pipe. The black eye in his left eye swayed slightly.

Teleportation!

The guard of this fortress, a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, pressed the three-phase thermal bomb and the warning button at the same time. Suddenly, this Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse suddenly felt an inexplicable sense of danger and fear.

A quasi-planetary expert diagonally opposite him suddenly gritted his teeth.

“You… You…”

The Three Satellites Planetary realm cultivator suddenly turned his head. He was shocked to see that Xu Tui had already appeared behind him. In the next moment, a cold star instantly exploded in all directions with Xu Tui as the center.

Frost Nova.

In an instant, wherever the Frost Nova passed, it froze. This included the guardian of the Three Satellites Planetary realm, the three quasi-planets in the fortress, 10 Transmutation Realm experts, and 100 Evolution Realm guards. They were all frozen.

The Frost Nova only had three star halos. However, under the enhancement of the 12 supernovas and the force field in his body, it was instantly enhanced to the late-stage of the fifth star halo.

Coupled with his powerful mind power and the group attack ability of the Frost Nova, it was not surprising that he could freeze a Three Satellites Planetary realm.

Xu Tui had wanted to press on the door switch of the inner fortress to let An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and the others out. However, An Xiaoxue’s breakthrough speed was faster than he had imagined.

Just as Xu Tui finished off this group of people, An Xiaoxue rushed out with everyone. The breakthrough time was one minute and 21 seconds. It was 20 seconds faster than the time in the prediction.

“Let’s go.” Before he left, Xu Tui smashed the ice sculpture in front of him. It was the three Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Under the Frost Nova, everyone else was frozen to death. There was no need to let anyone who guards the door for Dawn Salvation to stay alive. He would shatter his head with a punch!

There was no need to doubt Xu Tui’s current physical strength. Although his physical strength was far inferior to the cultivators of the Extreme Branch, such as Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, and the others, after continuously breaking through, every time his cultivation broke through and condensed a star, his body would also strengthen under the radiation of power.

“I’ll go first. Come quickly.” Xu Tui disappeared again after he finished speaking.

In the Aurora base of the Dawn Asteroid, Aurora was soaking in a hot spring in his palace-like residence. This Dawn asteroid had extremely rich geothermal resources. Hot springs were exceptional. Every time he came, Aurora had to soak in them every day.

It was relaxing, soothing and could calm one’s mind. He had been tense all these years outside. Perhaps only the Dawn asteroid with an extremely complete safety system could give him a certain sense of security.

At the side of the hot spring pool, five women with different looks were carefully serving Aurora. Some kneaded the space between their brows, caressed it, and even served it underwater. This was probably the enjoyment of an emperor.

However, Aurora, who was already used to it, was thinking about his future and what his boss, Dawn, had told him a few days ago.

In recent years, Dawn Salvation has developed extremely quickly. However, the sense of crisis had also become stronger. This was especially so when the footprints of the Blue Star began to explore the entire solar system. It became harder and harder to hide.

It could be foreseen that the situation of Dawn Salvation would become more and more difficult, especially in the extra-terrestrial.

A few days ago, Boss Dawn gave him two paths to the future and asked him to choose.

One way was for Boss Dawn to clear his name. After that, there would naturally be many restrictions. He would not be able to do as he pleased now. At the same time, the power of Dawn Salvation in the Solar System would also be greatly reduced. A small number of elites would try to spread their tentacles outside the solar system.

The other path was that he could not accept his whitewashed identity. Instead, he could personally lead people to develop outside the solar system and expand the footsteps of Dawn Salvation outside the solar system.

That way, Dawn Salvation could really shine brightly. Recently, Aurora had been hesitating about which path to choose.

It was very safe and certain that he would take over the identity after the Dawn Salvation was completely contracted. However, the new identity was very restricted. Currently, these emperor-like treatments would basically be slowly gone.

However, there was a lot of uncertainty and danger in bringing people out of the solar system.

Therefore, Aurora was very hesitant. Suddenly, an ear-piercing alarm sounded. Aurora instantly stood up. The five beauties wrapped around him were violently sent flying. One of them even bled from the impact.

Aurora swiped his finger and displayed the contents of the warning. It was a warning from the fortress of Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Number Three. Aurora was stunned. Quantum Teleportation Tunnel Number Three was one of the secret escape routes and reinforcements they had set up on the Dawn asteroid.

Why would an enemy barge in? But there were only warnings. There were no images. Aurora was also a person who had been through a lot. He did not panic at all after this accident. He immediately gave one order after another.

They had a lot of power on the Dawn asteroid.

There were a total of three quantum teleportation channels. Each quantum teleportation channel was guarded by a Planetary realm. Other than that, the Dawn Base was also guarded by two Planetary realm experts.

There were a total of five Planetary realm experts. Most importantly, Aurora himself was also a Planetary realm powerhouse. Furthermore, he had just broken through to the Five Satellites Planetary realm not long ago.

Aurora gathered the forces under him in an orderly manner. Since an invader had barged in and they had lost contact with the third quantum teleportation tunnel fortress, it meant that the enemy was not weak.

Then he would gather all his strength and flatten them.

“It’s not safe here either! It looks like I have to make a choice as soon as possible!” After Aurora gave the order, he quickly put on his combat uniform. It was necessary to hide his true situation no matter what. However, he was only halfway through his combat uniform when Aurora’s body suddenly froze.

An extremely powerful and strange aura locked onto him at this moment.

Aurora did not dare to move. He felt that as long as he moved, he would immediately receive a thunderous attack from the other party. Being locked onto by the other party’s aura, Aurora only dared to turn around at an extremely slow speed. Then, he saw Xu Tui, who was staring coldly at him from the sky.

“Xu Tui? Aurora blurted out the moment he saw it clearly.

“You are Aurora? It looks like you are not much.” Xu Tui tilted his head. The realistic characteristic of the main planet’s force field of mind power had already enveloped Aurora.

Aurora, who felt that he had fallen into a strange force field, was shocked. He did not dare to act rashly. He was only waiting now. He would wait for his subordinates to arrive. He had already given the order just now. At least four Planetary realm experts and 12 quasi-planetary experts would arrive and gather.

When these subordinates arrived, it would be time for him to escape.

Five seconds later, two streams of light quickly rushed over from one direction of the Aurora Base.

Aurora was looking forward to it, but he did not dare to move. However, in the next moment, Aurora’s heart sank as if he had fallen into a bottomless abyss.

Two Planetary realm experts, one of them was the Three Satellites, and the other was the Two Satellites. They turned into ice when they were 2,000 meters away from Xu Tui. Then, they fell like rocks.

From the sound of it, it had already shattered into ice. A thought suddenly appeared in Aurora’s mind—killing a Planetary realm was as easy as killing a chicken!

Xu Tui was even stronger than the information. He was much stronger. Then today, he could not wait any longer. He had to resist. He had to save himself. With the strength that Xu Tui had just displayed, the other two Planetary realm experts would only be instantly killed if they rushed over.

On the other hand, he, a Five Satellites Planetary realm cultivator, still had a chance if he resisted. In the next moment, the power around Aurora instantly exploded. However, the moment the power fluctuations around him fluctuated, a flickering golden hammer had already struck Aurora’s head.

A seal suddenly appeared and blocked it, but it shone brightly. The next hammer smashed down! In an instant, Aurora’s eyes, ears, mouth, and nose bled at the same time and he fainted on the spot.

He was just a Five Satellites who had just broken through. If Xu Tui did not

need Aurora alive, he would not have to be so cautious. It was also because of the importance of Aurora that Xu Tui used his mind power force field to wrap around him. He did not dare to be careless.

He had experienced the self-destruction methods of Dawn Salvation many times.

An Xiaoxue and the others arrived three minutes later.

“Team of four. Eliminate them! Kill anyone who resists!” Xu Tui gave the order..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1