Chapter 1570 - 1570: Active Attack (1)

Chapter 1570 - 1570: Active Attack (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Actually, I’ve only just come into contact with the power of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. However, before this, both the Fire God, Gavro, and the founder of genetic ancient martial arts, Mr. Cheng Fengxi, had reminded us.

“There are actually many explanations for the characteristics of the power of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

“According to the Huaxia Myths, the power of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was that of Dao, Dharma, Technique, and Weapon. They had reached or approached the level of Dao.

“In a more modern way, for example, the cultivation level in many popular novels in Huaxia, the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse might have come into contact with the rules, laws, essence of power, origin, and so on.

“You can understand what I’m saying, right? After all, our Blue Star has never produced a true Nine Satellites Planetary realm,” Shang Long said in front of Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping.

These three people were considered the elites of the top forces in Huaxia. It was rare for Shang Long to have the time to have a class, so he let go of the flock of sheep.

“I can understand that.” Xu Tui nodded. This explanation was very easy for a young man like him to understand. “Mr. Shang, this explanation is understandable. However, where is this so-called power gap? “In my opinion, isn’t One Satellite to Nine Satellites just an accumulation of power? Then, isn’t it a process of continuous accumulation of power and qualitative change?” Cai Shaochu and Li Qingping were also listening attentively to Xu Tui’s questions.

“Yes, that’s a good question. Let’s talk about the problem of power accumulation first. There are indeed One Satellite to Nine Satellites. However, the number nine is often not a specific number. In the Huaxia ancient books, nine is the extreme number. The Nine Satellites is only the peak of the accumulation of Planetary realm powerhouses,” Shang Long said.

“In that case, are there still Ten Satellites and Eleven Satellites?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes.” Shang Long gave an affirmative answer. “However, at the level of the Nine Satellites, the increase in pure power is not too great. Therefore, at the level of Nine Satellites, the direction of their cultivation had changed.

“Alright, I’m afraid you won’t be able to understand after saying so much. How about this? I’ll let you experience what little power I’ve come into contact with from Nine Satellites.

“Defend with all your might. Each of you will receive two strikes from me. I will only use the power of the Eight Satellites for the first strike and the power of the Nine Satellites for the second strike. It will be easier for you to compare,” Shang Long said.

Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping revealed looks of respect. Such a teaching opportunity was very precious. Many Planetary realm powerhouses would not have such a chance to learn even if they were killed on the battlefield.

In the next moment, Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping activated their strongest defense at the same time.

Cai Shaochu had stacked multiple Formulas, but Li Qingping and Xu Tui were the same. They both had Vajra Barriers. However, the moment Xu Tui’s Vajra

Barrier appeared, Li Qingping opened his mouth and was stunned.

He felt like he was bullying him.

Li Qingping was already at the Five Satellites Planetary realm. The Vajra Tide Force Field was also his main planet. He had reached the late-stage of the fifth star halo, but the Vajra Barrier he condensed was only at the sixth halo.

However, Xu Tui had condensed eight layers of the Vajra Barrier. Damn it, he was the one who taught Xu Tui the Vajra Barrier.

At that time, Xu Tui could only condense three layers of Vajra Barrier. How

long has it been? It had only been two years. Why had he surpassed him so much?

Xu Tui quickly said when he saw Li Qingping’s slightly resentful gaze, “Mr. Li, ever since you taught me this Vajra Barrier, I have relied on this Vajra Barrier to save my life in every battle. Ever since then, I’ve been training this Vajra Barrier day and night just to survive. It’s really useful.”

Li Qingping:

The Vajra Nova was his main planet. He had not only trained day and night, but he had also accumulated it for decades. Xu Tui, on the other hand, said that he had only trained day and night, and…

“People have different encounters. Moreover, it doesn’t necessarily mean that the more layers there are, the stronger their defense.” At the side, Shang Long looked at Li Qingping’s resentful gaze and said, “Alright, everything is ready.”

The three of them immediately perked up. In the next moment, three sword lights instantly slashed toward Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping. However, the target of the attack was an empty spot in the defense area. It was definitely not a vital point. The three of them also activated their defenses with all their might.

Three different sounds rang out in an instant. The first sound came from Cai Shaochu.

Cai Shaochu’s defense was instantly pierced through by Shang Long’s terrifying sword light.

Li Qingping was the second whose defense had been pierced through. Even though Li Qingping was desperately activating the Vajra Barrier when the other Vajra Barriers shattered, he still could not withstand Shang Long’s sword light.

However, in the next moment, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, and Li Qingping looked at Xu Tui at the same time. They were all stunned.

He blocked it!

Xu Tui had actually blocked Shang Long’s sword light. There were still two layers of the eight layers of Vajra Barrier left. Li Qingping immediately looked at Xu Tui as if he was looking at a monster.

Cai Shaochu was also extremely stunned. When did Xu Tui become so strong?

Xu Tui had unleashed a lot of strength when he killed Dylin previously.

However, when would Xu Tui be able to block Shang Long’s sword light?

Shang Long was the top existence that people looked up to in Huaxia and the Blue Star.

Shang Long also revealed a stunned expression. He was a little surprised by Xu Tui’s powerful defense. However, as an attacker, he had a clearer understanding..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1