Chapter 1587 - 1587: The Secret Of The Abnormal Load Of Mind Power

Chapter 1587 - 1587: The Secret of the Abnormal Load of Mind Power

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

After using Painted Skin’s head to pay tribute to Luo Shifeng, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue went to visit Mother Luo again. However, he only observed from afar and did not appear. Xu Tui was afraid that Mother Luo would remember something sad when she saw Xu Tui.

Under the care of Zhuang Ziqiang, Mother Luo was living a good life now. She had two puppies and walked the dogs every morning. In the afternoon, she went to the square to dance. Sometimes, she would even play cards with her old friends.

Xu Tui basically did not interfere in the internal affairs of the Blue Star now.

All the non-cultivation resources that he had obtained from Xu Tui, including the Worldly Demon Slayers, especially those that needed to be handled within the Blue Star, were handed over to Zhuang Ziqiang.

These benefits could not be underestimated. In just two to three years, Zhuang Ziqiang had already reached 100 billion yuan in the companies under his name. Of course, to put it bluntly, anyone else would be able to do the same.

The resources provided by the Worldly Demon Slayers behind Xu Tui were

For example, the September Frost Wine produced by the Moon was hard to obtain for others. However, the Worldly Group that Xu Tui had registered in the Blue Star had a quota of 10,000 bottles a month.

He was picking up money.

Another example was the current five-day tour of Mars and three-day tour of the moon. These were not things that traditional capital could come into contact with. Only people with enough say in the extra-terrestrial could obtain the relevant resources.

As for the specialties that could be placed on the Blue Star on other planets, including film and television resources, the Worldly Group could not do without them.

In the words of many people, with so many resources backing them, they could reach a scale of 100 billion yuan even if they were replaced by a pig. If it were a more professional manager, it would be easy to double it.

After all, Zhuang Ziqiang was not the most professional and top-notch manager.

However, Xu Tui had not changed anyone, much less had any intention of doing so.

The fundamental reason was that up until now, Zhuang Ziqiang had completed the three fundamental missions that Xu Tui had given the Worldly Group, which were to take care of the descendants of the Worldly members, compensate the orphans, and promote public welfare technology.

Zhuang Ziqiang, the president of the Worldly Group, focused on these three matters. Therefore, Xu Tui did not replace him.

Xu Tui had not established the Worldly Group to earn money. He could do that with Xu Tui’s resources. Doing these three things well was the foundation.

According to the information that Ah Huang had returned, in the past three years, Zhuang Ziqiang had personally come to visit Mother Luo at least once a week. He had personally visited the descendants and orphans at least once a month.

This kind of hands-on approach was also fundamental to taking care of the disadvantaged.

Otherwise, as time passed, shady dealings would naturally appear. Since they had come to the Blue Star, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had another meal with their parents.

The topic of their meal made Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue unable to withstand it. The two elders wanted to have a grandson in the shortest time possible and then take care of the children for Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

Although Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had never had the time to hold a wedding, it was not surprising for them to have a child first in this era.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue left that night. They had just come a few days ago. This time, the two elders were very happy when they left. That was because the frequency at which Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue returned meant that it would be very easy for them to meet in the future.

Actually, this was also Xu Tui’s future vision.

In the future, if the security situation in the solar system improved further, they would build a quantum teleportation channel between other planets and the Blue Star. In that case, it would be easier to return to the Blue Star. However, so far, he did not dare to. Moreover, quantum array cores were also very scarce.

After saying goodbye to his parents that night, Xu Tui did not leave the Blue Star immediately. Instead, he brought An Xiaoxue to the Huashan Cave.

Xu Tui wanted to verify his guess. Would Huashan and the surrounding Qinling Mountains continuously produce Origin Energy? Would a portion of it be released and a portion accumulated in the earth vein?

If the output was greater than the consumption, it would accumulate more and more. Would he be able to extract it on a large scale once after a period of accumulation? Would it rapidly increase his cultivation?

The results of Xu Tui’s verification were very gratifying.

The last time Xu Tui left, he had used the Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal to gather the energy around Huashan and Qinling Mountains. The concentration of energy gathered at Huashan Cave had already decreased to 15.

However, when he went over today, under Xu Tui’s mobilization, the concentration of energy in the Huashan Cave had returned to 27.

Xu Tui did not stand on ceremony and cultivated with An Xiaoxue. However, after cultivating for only six hours, the concentration of energy in the Huashan Cave had decreased to 15.

The situation in the Heng Cave was similar to that of the Huashan Cave. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue cultivated for seven hours, and the concentration of their energy had also decreased to its lowest value.

13 hours of predatory cultivation only allowed Xu Tui to cultivate the Energy Teleportation Nova from the first level to the second level and the Instantiation Nova from the second level to the third level.

An Xiaoxue’s enhancement effect was not small.

The cultivation speed of An Xiaoxue, who was holding two of the Twelve Zodiac seals, was also very obvious. Her main planet had been completely strengthened to the fourth level of the star halos. As long as she was willing, she could condense another new star at any time and break through to the Four Satellites Planetary realm.

In fact, the enhancement of the two seals in cultivation was also effective outside the Blue Star.

Then, Xu Tui personally made a trip to Mount Tai of Dongyue, Mount Tai of Zhongyue, and Mount Heng of Nanyue. Xu Tui wanted to test the influence of the two great divine seals on the other three mountains.

At the same time, Xu Tui had another thought. Could he sense or find the other three divine seals through this method?

According to the Divine Duty Seal that Xu Tui had already obtained, the power of a complete set of Divine Duty Seal might exceed his imagination.

What if the Five Mountains Divine Seals were gathered together?

Reality proved that the two great divine seals of Mount Hua and Mount Heng had a certain impact on the energy mobilization of the other three mountain ranges. However, without the main seal, this mobilization was very limited.

As for sensing the location of the other three divine seals, he did not gain anything. There was no abnormal reaction. Or rather, the seals of the other three mountains were not on the Blue Star at all.

In the end, Xu Tui could only return to the Moon with An Xiaoxue.

Actually, Xu Tui had made many similar discoveries. As he explored the extra-terrestrial for longer and longer, Xu Tui realized that the Blue Star itself was actually a huge treasure trove.

However, the humans of the Blue Star had yet to discover the development method of the Blue Star. Or rather, this was the fundamental reason why the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race had always wanted to capture the Blue Star.

On the 13th of October, Xu Tui arrived at the Wood Origin Palace of Ceres Star.

“Ullr asked me to give these things to you. He said that you also have something for him?” Shang Long, who was currently stationed at Ceres Star, said.

Xu Tui smacked his lips and handed the quantum array core that he had prepared to Shang Long. The things that Ullr handed Xu Tui were mainly 180,000 grams of Origin Crystals, a Silver Spirit Box, and a special clone body of Raymont.

120,000 grams of Origin Crystals was the trading price of two sets of quantum array cores. The 60,000 grams of origin crystals and a Silver Spirit Box was half of the gains that Ullr had obtained from selling Xu Tui’s information of killing Dylin to the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race with Xu Tui’s permission.

Currently, Xu Tui has distributed 80% of the Origin Crystals produced by the various planets under the Worldly Demon Slayers in various ways to increase the strength of the members of the Worldly Demon Slayers.

It was also because of this that Xu Tui did not dare to spend too many Origin Crystals. However, with this batch of Origin Crystals, Xu Tui could greatly increase An Xiaoxue’s cultivation recently.

Good steel had to be used on the blade. Now that he had invested a large number of Origin Crystals in An Xiaoxue, the cost-effective ratio of cultivation was the highest.

“Mr. Shang, let’s go and take a look at Raymont’s special clone body together.” Xu Tui extended an invitation in the Wood Origin Palace.

“Let’s go.” Shang Long agreed readily because Xu Tui had already revealed the relevant information to Shang Long. He wanted to experiment on Raymont’s special clone body.

Xu Tui had to personally witness the so-called resurrection before he was willing to believe it.

“Mr. Shang, is the abnormal load of mind power related to resurrection or longevity?” Xu Tui asked directly when he arrived at another research hall that had been specially decorated.

Back then, Li Jin, including Lu Guanqing, had targeted Xu Tui and the Genetic Miracle for this top-secret research project—abnormal load of mind power.

Xu Tui had such a guess back then. Perhaps only longevity could make some people in power so crazy.

“You could say that.” Shang Long nodded. “The abnormal load of mind power stems from an idea in the top cloning equipment I obtained from the Spiritual Race.

“The equipment that was cloned perfectly resolved the problem of severely injured limbs. However, what I was thinking was that the extra-terrestrial war was so cruel. Planetary realm powerhouses would die in every battle.

“If he replicated a clone body before the battle and tried his best to protect the mental bodies of the people who died in battle, would he be able to perfectly revive the people who died in battle? If that was the case, the true casualties of the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star would be greatly reduced. The Blue Star would become stronger the more they fought.

“Of course, if it succeeds, longevity might only be a side effect.”

“What about the final results?” Xu Tui asked. He was also very curious about this.

Shang Long shook his head. “In the decades, I tried at least 13 times during various battles, but every time, I failed.”

Under Xu Tui’s surprised gaze, Shang Long continued, “This is not strange. In the past few decades, every time a Planetary realm powerhouse died in battle, I would try my best to protect his mental body. Then, I would use his limbs to clone his body and try to revive this person. However, all of them…

“I had always thought that it was because the clone body was not perfect enough that they could not be revived! However, I only realized it after I

personally used the clone body. There is a natural difference between a clone body and the main body!”

“What difference?” Xu Tui asked curiously..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1