Chapter 1589 - 1589: Yanzi’S Results And Decision

Chapter 1589 - 1589: Yanzi’s Results and Decision

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Under normal circumstances, they would be able to deduce that Planet X of the Spiritual Race was near Eris Star. However, the time needed to arrive was unacceptable. Even based on the current location of Eris Star, it would take more than 17 years to set off from the moon with the fastest spaceship. It would take seven to eight years from Planet Kono.

However, the collective strength also played a role at this moment.

Previously, Xu Tui had consolidated the information on the cosmic tunnel nodes that the various alliances on the Blue Star, which was also the Demon Slaying Brigade, had. After he returned, Xu Tui realized that there was a cosmic tunnel node from the European Sector’s Demon Slaying Brigade that happened to be in the discrete disc area.

This way, the big problem of passage time was resolved. It was not a coincidence that he discovered such a cosmic tunnel node.

That was inevitable. Previously, the explorers sent by the various sectors of the Blue Star to the cosmic tunnels were like ants. They used all kinds of methods that you could not think of to explore.

The results of the exploration could be said to be increasing every day.

Currently, the end of the cosmic tunnel has been explored.

Of course, this end was not the end of the true cosmic tunnel. The end of the cosmic tunnel that was explored was actually the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system that isolated the Milky Way from the solar system.

However, it could be said that the cosmic tunnels in the solar system had been explored clearly. Under this exploration, it was inevitable that the nodes of the cosmic passageway of the discrete disk would be explored. It could even be said that in the near future, most of the cosmic tunnel nodes in the solar system would be explored.

Even the hidden Great Xi Clan would be discovered again.

Xu Tui was very confident in this. Of course, the Blue Star also paid a huge price because of the exploration. More than a hundred quasi-planetary and Planetary realm experts had died because of the exploration.

After the problem of transportation time was resolved, the expedition to Planet X was ranked as the top priority. The earlier they dealt with the situation, the less reinforcements the Spiritual Race would have.

However, he had to choose the number of members of the expedition carefully. He could not be too weak and could not take away too many experts. It would be a disaster if no one could resist the attacks of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race on Ceres Star and Wood Origin Palace.

Mr. Shang Long had to guard Ceres Star. Erera guarded Planet Kono. As long as Planet Kono and Ceres Star were not lost, with mutual support, all the territories of the Blue Star’s extra-terrestrial would not have any major problems.

For the sake of caution, Xu Tui left Cai Shaochu in the middle. The top combat power on the Blue Star was a Five and Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. In the end, Xu Tui only took a few people away. He had to bring Li Qingping as he could be considered a meat shield.

Currently, Li Qingping could only carry seven layers of Vajra Barrier at most. Coupled with his life-saving ability, he could also withstand a few blows from a Eight Satellites Planetary realm. Other than Xu Tui, he was the one who could withstand it the most.

Other than that, Xu Tui also brought Ruan Tianzuo, Anlevich, Ganjiv, Masayoshi Zhongsheng, and Ullr.

Xu Tui only brought these five Planetary realm powerhouses with him. He did not dare to go too far. If he brought more, he was afraid that something would happen to his defense line. Other than The Myth’s Independent Demon Slayer Team, the other teams had one Four Satellites and one Three Satellites.

On the Huaxia Sector’s side, they brought Wen Xinglun and Mei Sen. The rest were all from the Worldly Demon Slayer Team.

This way, Xu Tui had gathered a total of one Seven Satellites (Xu Tui himself), two Six Satellites, four Five Satellites, seven Four Satellites, and nine Three Satellites. The rest were all from the Worldly Demon Slayers.

Of course, he did not bring all of the members of the Worldly Demon Slayer Team.

He only brought An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Yan Lie, Yan Xuejin, Zhao Hailong, Mu Xingluan, Yang Huai, Yin Ba, Yin Liu. He also brought Cui Xi, Luo Murong, and the other 15 quasi-planetary experts.

Bu Qingqiu, Diwu Hui, Diliu Xiaoshu, and the others stayed behind to guard the house. However, Xu Tui specially came to see Yanzi the day before he set off.

The quantum teleportation channel on Planet X could be confirmed to be a galaxy-level quantum teleportation channel.

This kind of intergalactic quantum teleportation channel was very important to the Blue Star. In the future, the counterattack, or rather, the increase in the efficiency of travel within the solar system, would depend on it.

As for Yanzi, she had specially studied quantum arrays in the past few years. Xu Tui had even provided her with many Huaxia Array Formation books for her to study. Yanzi did not disappoint Xu Tui. She displayed astonishing talent in this aspect.

There was already an improved version of the Planetary realm’s quantum array core, which was the second-generation. The latest recovery time of the quantum fluctuation time of Planetary realm powerhouses was from 24 hours to 12 hours.

Moreover, after letting Yanzi experience An Xiaoxue’s ability to amplify the quantum fluctuations in the quantum teleportation channel,

Yanzi’s latest improved quantum array core could already teleport two Planetary realms at the same time.

Of course, the price was that the consumption of Origin Crystals during teleportation would greatly increase. The consumption of Purple Star Crystals and meteorite ashes would also increase by half.

But it was worth it. Its strategic role had greatly increased. At the critical moment, it was enough to turn the situation around. Unfortunately, he was about to run out of Purple Star Crystals. Yanzi had only modified two sets of quantum array cores for the third generation.

The Energv Gathering Arrav and Yanzi’s Seven Stars Gathering Array had also been developed. However, because of the consumables, very few of them were made at the moment.

In reality, Xu Tui did not hide a divine artifact that assisted in cultivation like the Energy Gathering Array. He had already publicly announced it and distributed it in a half-benefits and half-exchange manner.

However, because of the consumption of materials, the energy gathering arrays that circulated were mainly Two Forms and Three Talents.

There were very few places where there was a Six Harmonies Energy Gathering Array.

For example, Yanzi had only given Xu Tui two sets of the Seven Star Energy Gathering Star Array that she had just developed.

The energy of the Seven Stars Energy Gathering Array increased by about 1.5 to 1.7 times. In terms of increase, it was actually an increase of 25 to 27%. It was very powerful. In terms of these results, Yanzi, a member of the Spiritual Race, had been very helpful to the Blue Star, or rather, to Xu Tui.

When she saw Xu Tui coming over, Yanzi’s expression, which had been focused on her research, immediately turned into a smile. No matter how good Planet Peach was, it was also a foreign land to Yanzi. There were even fewer people who could talk to her.

Xu Tui was her only close friend. After all, to a certain extent, fusing one’s mental body was more comfortable than fusing one’s body. It was easier to become addicted.

“You’re free today! If you’re free today, we can refine another set of quantum array cores for the third generation and a set of seven-star energy gathering array.” After saying that, Yanzi stroked her long fiery red hair. “However, there’s only one last Purple Star Crystal left. If we can’t find it, we won’t be able to refine it if we refine a few more sets.”

“I’m searching, let’s refine two sets first.”

The two of them immediately sat cross-legged. Their mind power surged out and fused with each other. They began to cooperate and refine. However, the moment their mind power fused, they had happy expressions.

According to Yanzi, it was very difficult to refine the third-generation quantum array core and the seven-star energy gathering array. She could not refine it alone and needed Xu Tui’s help.

Xu Tui naturally agreed and came over to assist in the refinement. After all, compared to the initial quantum array core, the third generation of the quantum array core was really complicated.

r

lIV0 hours later, the results of the refinement of the two brand new array cores were perfect. Yanzi looked at the quantum array cores and then at Xu Tui. Her eyes were filled with tenderness.

“Yanzi, if the intergalactic quantum array core was placed in front of you for you to study, would you be able to come up with the results and replicate it?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Yanzi was stunned. Then, she slowly nodded. “In theory, it should be possible for me to conduct in-depth research. If there are enough raw materials for me to trial and error…” Before she could finish her sentence, Yanzi suddenly reacted. “You… You mean you found Planet X?”

“I found it.” Xu Tui nodded slightly.

Yanzi was shocked at first, then her expression became uneasy. She paced back and forth in the room with a conflicted expression.

“You found it… You found it. What should I do…” Yanzi muttered. Clearly, she was in an extreme dilemma.

Xu Tui also knew what Yanzi was conflicted about. This was related to the conditions for Yanzi and the others to join the pioneer raiders.

At that time, the condition was that Yanzi would work for Xu Tui. However, if there was a chance to return to the homeland one day, such as when he found a way back to the Spiritual Race’s mother planet, Xu Tui would let her go. She wanted to go home and see her family.

However, after spending two to three years together, Yanzi was already a

little…

“In theory, after I capture Planet X, vou can reach Planet Y through the quantum teleportation channel on Planet X. Then, you can smoothly return to your home planet,” Xu Tui said in a low voice after a moment of silence.

Yanzi looked at Xu Tui with a complicated expression. After a long time, she said, “But… can I come back again?”

“Come back.. Do you still want to come back?”

“Don’t you know?” Just as he finished speaking, Yanzi had already boldly stepped forward and hugged Xu Tui. “Tell me, do I want to come back?”

Xu Tui smiled bitterly. He suddenly asked, “Actually, you can refine the third -generation quantum array core and the seven-star energy gathering array alone now, right?”

“You know?” Yanzi said calmly after being surprised. “That’s right, but only then can I have a chance to interact with you openly.”

Xu Tui smiled bitterly again. He had guessed it a long time ago, but he did not refuse. “Yanzi, according to you, you only have your grandfather as your family. You have to go back and see your grandfather. However, I think that it will be very difficult for you to return to the solar system if you really return to your home planet,” Xu Tui said.

“It’s indeed very difficult. It’s very likely that I won’t be able to return!” Yanzi pondered quietly. After a while, she said firmly, “I must go back and see Grandpa! But I still want to come back here. I like this place and you!”

“But…’

“Don’t say ‘but’. I’ve decided. Bring me to Planet X. I must successfully research the intergalactic quantum array core! I had to succeed in my research! At that time, I’ll be able to return when I bring a set of intergalactic quantum array cores!” Yanzi had a determined expression..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1