Chapter 1588 - 1588: Raymont’S Real Nightmare

Chapter 1588 - 1588: Raymont’s Real Nightmare

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Nature!”

Shang Long’s words made Xu Tui at a loss. Was the difference between a clone body and the main body nature?

“You don’t understand, do you? Actually, up until now, I could not use an accurate word to describe the difference between a clone body and the main body. Or it could be said that one was naturally nurtured, and the other was artificial. In terms of technology, the similarity was infinitely close to 100%.

“The difference in technological methods might only be one in 100,000, but this difference was an insurmountable gap in terms of resurrection. The mental bodies of the 13 Planetary realms that were luckily preserved after they died in battle began to shrink and dissipate without exception after fusing with their mental bodies.

“Clones did not have the characteristics of containing and nourishing mental bodies like our main bodies. Later on, I used my mental body clone to inject a clone body. It was the same. I could only use the seal method to temporarily activate this cloning method. Otherwise, the mental body that was injected into it would definitely dissipate in a short period of time.

“Over the years, I had been searching for what this natural gap was. However, I realized that I might not be able to find an answer through technological means. As for this answer, we might have to use supernatural abilities to find it,” Shang Long said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he heard that.

Resurrection! This was rather easy and normal in the games they had played in the past. However, in the real world, it was an untouchable existence. Not even cloning technology that had reached its peak.

But what about supernatural abilities?

“Mr. Shang, then we have to study Raymont’s special clone body carefully.

Perhaps we can find hope in resurrecting a Planetary realm powerhouse who died in battle on this special clone body.”

Xu Tui’s words made Shang Long’s eyes light up. If that was the case, then in the future…

This scientific research hall, which had been completely decorated and had a thick shield around it, was the only place in the Wood Origin Palace that could operate high-quality scientific research equipment.

When Xu Tui and Shang Long arrived, the latest and cutting-edge equipment here was already comprehensively studying and analyzing the comprehensive data of Raymont’s special clone body.

There were a total of three comparative data being studied and analyzed.

Firstly, it was the comparison data between Raymont’s main body and the special clone body. Secondly, it was the research data of Raymont’s technological clone body and the special clone body. Thirdly, it was the research data of Raymont’s main body and the technological clone body.

Of course, some of the preparations had been done beforehand. Not long after, the analysis results were out. The results surprised Xu Tui and Shang Long at the same time. The similarity between technological clones and special clones was as high as 9,998.

There was a difference of 0.2%, but the technological instruments could not analyze the specific content of this difference. The similarity between the special clone body and Raymont’s main body was only one in a million. This difference was almost negligible.

The results explained everything.

Even though he had found the difference, he could not find the specific difference with his current technological methods. If technology was not good, he could only use supernatural abilities, which was mental perception.

However, the information contained in the human body was vast. Xu Tui and

Shang Long carefully sensed it for a few hours. The two of them felt dizzy, but

they did not discover anything.

“We won’t be able to discover anything unusual with this perception. We should search during the process. We might be able to discover something unusual,” Shang Long said.

“Searching during the process?”

“That’s right. We’ll search during the process of Raymont’s resurrection. If one time is not enough, we’ll do it twice. If two times is not enough, we’ll do it three times,” Shang Long said. “If this seal is really that magical, we have to undergo a sufficiently intense test if it’s to be used on our own people. For example, how many times could he be revived? Was there any difference after resurrection? Were there any unknown side effects? Currently, Raymont is the best test target.”

Xu Tui nodded. That was indeed the case. Otherwise, who would dare to use such a special seal that could revive? Then, the next step was to kill Raymont’s main body!

Xu Tui clicked his tongue and sighed as he looked at the unconscious Raymont. This guy had to suffer. However, compared to the many people he had killed previously, this little suffering was nothing.

Ten minutes later, Raymont’s special clone body was left in the Wood Origin Palace. Xu Tui brought Raymont’s main body to the Water Origin Palace. Then, he casually smashed Raymont’s head with his palm.

Yes, kill Raymont!

Just as Raymont’s mental body appeared, a special aura that Xu Tui could not see with the naked eye but could vaguely sense suddenly appeared and instantly wrapped around Raymont’s mental body.

The Resurrection seal!

The resurrection seal was invisible and difficult to see with the naked eye. If he did not deliberately sense it, he would not have noticed it. No wonder Raymont could revive silently last time.

With a thought, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flew out. The divine might of the Six Imperial Seal suddenly enveloped the resurrection seal. The seal trembled slightly. With a flash of light, it revealed its true appearance under the divine might of the Longevity Emperor’s seal.

It was a black and white seal. The black and white light wrapped around Raymont’s mental body and quickly spun. It did not completely stop even under the divine might of the Longevity Emperor’s seal.

The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole could not completely intimidate the black and white seal in this state.

Xu Tui was a little surprised. The dark God Slaying Sword suddenly flew out from behind his head.

As soon as the God Slaying Sword appeared, the black and white seal immediately became silent. It obediently was enveloped by the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and did not dare to move.

“Raymont, are you controlling the seal?” Xu Tui asked.

The black and white seal remained silent, but Xu Tui let out a cold grunt. He was about to slash with the God Slaying Sword when Raymont’s voice sounded from the black and white seal.

“Commander Xu, give me a way out. I’m willing to serve you.” Indeed, after being killed, Raymont’s mental body had returned to a clear state. However, he did not know anything about the Wood Origin Palace.

Xu Tui did not say much. According to his agreement with Shang Long, he carefully recorded the state of Raymont’s mental body, the power aura of the seal, and so on. Then, he put away the God Slaying Sword and the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. Raymont was instantly overjoyed.

In the next moment, the black and white seal turned into nothingness again and disappeared with Raymont’s mental body. Three minutes later, in the Wood Origin Palace.

“I didn’t see the black and white seal, but there was indeed an unknown power that ignored all kinds of defenses from the outside and my mental barrier. It directly fell into the body of Raymont’s special clone,” Shang Long said.

“I’ve completely recorded the many changes to his special clone body.

However, I’m afraid it will take several more times to find the difference,” Shang Long said.

In the chaos, Raymont quickly adapted to his new body. At this moment, he really wanted to cry.

He was alive! He had finally revived again. He had finally escaped Xu Tui’s claws and revived. Compared to the pain during the resurrection process, being tortured by Xu Tui and Yang Huai was the real hell. Fortunately, he had really escaped.

Raymont had already decided that no matter who he worked for in the future, he would avoid Xu Tui as much as possible. After spending a little time and completely fusing his mental body into this new body, Raymont slowly opened his eyes.

The moment he opened his eyes, Raymont was stunned. He could not help but wipe his eyes. Oh my god, he had actually seen Xu Tui and Shang Long.

How was that possible! That was definitely impossible! Could it be that the influence Xu Tui had left on him was too difficult to erase, causing him to have hallucinations after he was revived?

Raymont felt so!

Closing his eyes, Raymont took a few deep breaths to calm his mind power as much as possible and adjusted his condition again. A minute later, Raymont opened his eyes.

Oh my god, Xu Tui was still here!

Raymont closed his eyes again in fear, but he was scolding himself for being a coward. Did Xu Tui scare him out of his psychological trauma? How could this

By the research bed, Xu Tui and Shang Long looked at each other. They were a

little stunned. They did not understand what was wrong with Raymont. After being revived, there was a hallucination? Or was his control over his limbs abnormal? Did he need an adaptation period?

A minute later, Raymont, who had adjusted his state again, slowly opened his eyes. He was shocked again. Not only were Xu Tui and Shang Long standing in front of him, but they were also getting closer.

What the hell was going on? Raymont was so frightened that he wanted to close his eyes again. However, Xu Tui slapped him.

“What are you doing? Wake up. Tell me everything about your current physical state immediately. If you cooperate with our research, you might be able to live a more comfortable life in the future.”

Xu Tui’s words and the slap stunned Raymont. He looked at the environment around him and touched it again. In the next moment, Raymont, the former director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, actually cried on the spot!

Damn it, he had been revived! However, he was still in Xu Tui’s hands after he was revived. Hope was followed by despair! Could it make him feel any more despair?

“Cooperate with our research. If there are really any important results, we might be able to give you a way out. You should believe my guarantee, right?” Shang Long’s voice sounded.

A few minutes later, Raymont was like a kindergarten student who had cooperated with his teacher after seeing him. He would do whatever Xu Tui and Shang Long asked him to do.

However, Xu Tui did not stay here for long. Instead, he asked Raymont to send out his black and white seal and let Xu Tui study it carefully for a few hours. After completely recording the aura of the black and white seal, Xu Tui left the Wood Origin Palace.

Mr. Shang Long was more suitable for research. Xu Tui felt that he was more suitable for causing trouble.

That’s right, he was going to cause trouble!

Target—Planet X!

Planet X was the most important and direct planet for the Spiritual Race to communicate with the solar system from the Milky Way. According to Lei Qian and Yanzi’s information, although they were limited by various reasons, Planet X and Planet Y, which were located in the Milky Way, could not operate at all times.

Even if it was operated sporadically, its effects were extremely shocking.

The Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force had already been destroyed by the Blue Star humans. Half of the Great Xi Clan’s Solar System Expeditionary Force had also been destroyed. They had long fled and temporarily avoided the Blue Star.

Only the Spiritual Race guarded the Fire Origin Palace. Even the number of teams sent to the cosmic tunnel to investigate had gradually increased.

Moreover, there were many unfamiliar faces in the reconnaissance team.

Many of them were Four Satellites, Five Satellites, and even the Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. There were at least two unfamiliar Six Satellites and at least four Five Satellites.

What did that mean?

This meant that the reinforcements of the Spiritual Race were constantly rushing to the solar system.

The Blue Star was currently accumulating strength and seizing the time to increase its combat strength. However, the Spiritual Race was also accumulating strength. Based on the current situation, if the Spiritual Race continued to accumulate power, it would not be long before the Spiritual Race could counterattack on a large scale and attack everywhere.

Therefore, the Worldly Demon Slayers had to go on an expedition to Planet X!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1