Chapter 1583 - 1583: Missing A Head Before The Grave

Chapter 1583: Missing a Head Before the Grave

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, what do you mean?” Zuo Qingqing, who felt that something was wrong, turned around and questioned Xu Tui. However, the moment she turned around and questioned him, she only moved her mouth. She could not make a sound.

Not only that, but Zuo Qingqing felt as if she was being restrained by an inexplicable force. This was especially so under Xu Tui’s cold gaze. She felt as if she was transparent.

“Stand properly and cooperate with me after this lesson. Then, we can actually have a good chat.” Xu Tui’s mental voice sounded in Zuo Qingqing’s mind.

Zuo Qingqing had already realized that something was wrong. However, she could not use the various methods and abilities she had prepared under Xu Tui’s restrictions. She could only be watched by everyone like an exhibit. She was even controlled by that inexplicable power to take a few steps.

“The way she walks is different from before! In the past, Zuo Qingqing walked lightly and quickly, but now, Zuo Qingqing walks very lightly, especially when she steps.” Mei Qingfei was the first to speak.

Xu Tui gave Mei Qingfei a thumbs-up.

“Commander Xu, actually, during the past month or so of interaction, I realized that Zuo Qingqing is always on guard. No matter when, even when she’s eating, the muscles in her body are in a half-tight state. She can exert force at any time. However, before this, I thought it was just her habit,” Li Cunpeng from the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College said.

“Not bad. You didn’t learn the Special Reconnaissance in vain.” Xu Tui’s words made many students blush slightly.

“In the information and our previous information, Zuo Qingqing should be a lightning-type supernatural being. However, in the new information, Zuo Qingqing is a dual cultivator of the Supernatural Branch and the Extreme Branch. Moreover, I’ve fought Zuo Qingqing once. I feel that Zuo Qingqing’s lightning-type supernatural ability seems to be worse than before,” Liu Kai said.

In just ten minutes, the students present noticed 16 differences. After the 16 differences, there was silence. Xu Tui’s gaze turned to Gong Ling.

Gong Ling was the same as before, or rather, she had become even more beautiful. In the past few years, she had grown taller because of the cultivation of the genetic ability chain. However, her front was still turbulent and eye-catching.

At this moment, Gong Ling’s lively eyes were filled with tears. “Gong Ling, why aren’t you saying anything?”

Gong Ling burst into tears when Xu Tui took the initiative to ask her a question. “I… I realized many differences. For example, Sister Qingqing used to drink lemon water in the morning. However, she stopped drinking four months ago and instead drank boiled water.

“Sister Qingqing loved spicy food. She had slowly started to change her taste four months ago, and she no longer ate it now. In the past, Sister Qingqing loved to squeeze into the same bed as me. Now…” Gong Ling cried as she spoke. Clearly, she had realized something. “I thought it was just a change in her personal habits, but…”

“But what? Tell me!” Xu Tui’s voice suddenly rose. “If you can’t even accept this, how can you accept the casualties of your comrades and classmates in the future? There’s no need for you to come to the extra-terrestrial!”

Xu Tui’s voice was very stern. He was not joking. If Gong Ling could not get past this psychological barrier, he could only send her back. As long as she was alive, Xu Tui would be able to return to the extra-terrestrial when he wanted to. Taking a look was actually scenery.

“However, I didn’t expect that based on the differences that the students found, Sister Qingqing would seem to have become a different person in half a year!”

“Become a different person! Congratulations, you got it right.” Xu Tui clapped.

Zuo Qingqing’s body trembled uncontrollably. She had transitioned everything perfectly. Although there were small problems, if Xu Tui had not mentioned it today, no one would have been able to discover her.

“Xu Tui, how did you notice my abnormality?” In the next moment, Zuo Qingqing’s voice sounded. When this voice sounded, even Zuo Qingqing was shocked. She was just thinking in her heart. Why did she ask that?

This was a combination of Xu Tui’s Spiritual Resonance, Spiritual Radiation, Spiritual Concealment, and other abilities. If she asked what was on her mind, she would be admitting it!

“How did I discover it?” Xu Tui sneered. “Actually, I want to know more about the real Zuo Qingqing. What did you do to her, Painted Skin?”

Zuo Qingqing, or rather, Painted Skin, instantly turned ashen. Since her identity had been exposed, Painted Skin had nothing to worry about.

“After extracting the genetic characteristics, I killed her!” After the initial fear, Painted Skin became calm. She was thinking about her escape route, or rather, the path to survival.

Xu Tui did not mind when he heard that, but the students below the stage were stunned. She was dead. The real Zuo Qingqing had already been killed!

Gong Ling’s eyes widened in a daze.

“Where’s the corpse?” Xu Tui asked.

“Do you think I’ll leave a corpse behind when I do things?” Painted Skin sneered.

“How did you deal with it?”

“Dismember first, then… turn it into meat paste, then dry it… Finally…”

Painted Skin explained this process extremely clearly. It was extremely bloody. The 100-odd students below were stunned. Many students vomited on the spot when they heard the detailed process. Such an outcome actually happened to their classmates. Yet, they had lived with such a demon-like guy for several

months. It was simply…

Painted Skin was also stunned. Why did she tell him about this process? She could not say it!

As Xu Tui listened, Zuo Qingqing’s youthful figure appeared in his mind. He was a little apologetic. That was because Xu Tui had caused Zuo Qingqing’s death.

Why did Painted Skin come to the Demon Slayer Reserve Team? The reason was that Dawn Salvation wanted to arrange for a top-notch spy like Painted Skin to be placed by Xu Tui’s side. They wanted to obtain Xu Tui’s secret and even continuously influence him.

How could he affect it? Students and women!

Back then, when Xu Tui and Zuo Qingqing were still in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, they had formed a team to explore and train together. They had completed missions and had a close relationship.

This made Dawn Salvation think that Xu Tui had feelings for Zuo Qingqing, so he asked Painted Skin to impersonate Zuo Qingqing.

Actually, according to the information given by Aurora, there were actually two candidates that Painted Skin wanted to impersonate. One was Zuo Qingqing, and the other was Gong Ling. However, Gong Ling’s wood -type supernatural ability was too difficult. Painted Skin could not learn it either. In the end, she could only choose to transform into Zuo Qingqing.

After the news that the pioneer raiders were recruiting reserve members spread, Aurora arranged for Painted Skin to take action. To be honest, if he had not obtained the information from Aurora, Xu Tui would not have thought that Zuo Qingqing was disguised by Painted Skin.

He might become vigilant or notice something unusual when he interacts with her, but it would definitely take time. A very long time.

“Alright, reveal your true appearance.” As Xu Tui’s voice rang out, Painted Skin, who had been affected by Xu Tui’s Spiritual Concealment, spiritual resonance, and spiritual radiation, responded softly as if she was sleep-talking. Her face, which was originally exactly the same as Zuo Qingqing, was suddenly distorted.

A minute later, another completely different female face appeared in front of Xu Tui.

For a moment, Painted Skin looked a little like Luo Shifeng’s girlfriend, Feng Qian. This scene, which was even more realistic than a change in expression, stunned the students present. Painted Skin’s true information, including the various bounties, was also projected on the big screen.

There was another round of exclamations. They could not imagine that the beautiful female student was a demon in human skin!

It was simply…

At this moment, Xu Tui had a myriad of thoughts in his mind. The past surged into his mind. He was no longer in the mood to attend class. “The extra-terrestrial is more dangerous than you think! It was more cruel than you could imagine. You have to pay attention to everything. You have to be extremely cautious in everything. Everyone will submit a summary analysis report. No less than 10,000 words!”

After assigning the homework, the students below the stage were surprisingly quiet.

The extra-terrestrial was really cruel.

This lesson was very profound!

Painted Skin finally woke up. She did not panic. “Xu Tui, state your conditions! I’ll give you a contact number. You can give Lord Aurora a high price. He will definitely ransom me back.”

“You’re so confident!” Xu Tui sneered. “We still owe a head in front of Mr. Luo’s grave.”

Painted Skin’s expression instantly changed drastically. “Xu Tui, how dare you! Don’t forget that you still have a family! Your companions also have a family. If you dare to kill me, Dawn Salvation will definitely…”

“Do you want to personally identify Aurora’s corpse?”

A high-definition picture made Painted Skin collapse to the ground. “This…

This is impossible!”

“Let me tell you. I’ve already uprooted the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. By the way, you should want to know how your identity was exposed,” Xu Tui said.

Painted Skin, who had been limp on the ground, suddenly raised his head. “How was it exposed?”

“Aurora, Aurora personally told me…”

“That’s impossible! That’s impossible!” Painted Skin screamed, her face contorting. Clearly, this was a huge blow to her.

Xu Tui no longer wanted to ask about the relationship between Painted Skin and Aurora. However, at this moment, Xu Tui felt the joy of revenge. “How is it? The feeling of being betrayed by someone you trust is very satisfying, right? You should have experienced what Mr. Luo felt back then, right?”

“Luo Shifeng…” Painted Skin was stunned!

“Let’s go. It’s been a few years. It’s time to bring you to meet Mr. Luo.” In the next moment, Xu Tui disappeared with Painted Skin and An Xiaoxue.

Ah Huang had already contacted all parties and paved a way for Xu Tui. Xu Tui had to return to the Blue Star in the shortest time possible. However, just as Xu Tui returned to the moon and began to return to the Blue Star from the moon, Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

“Xu Tui, Ullr’s communication request is marked as urgent. Do you want to answer it?” Ah Huang said.

“Emergency communication? Answer it!” Xu Tui said.

What would happen to the emergency communication of the Lord of Myths, Ullr? What had happened at the frontline? Or was it related to Painted Skin?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1