Chapter 1581 - 1581: Painted Skin I S True Face

Chapter 1581: Painted Skin I s True Face

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Did Xu Tui summon Ullr to kill him?

The answer was—no!

If Xu Tui really wanted to kill Ullr, he would not be in the Wood Origin Palace where Shang Long was.

Xu Tui would never do something like breaking Shang Long’s Dao heart. Moreover, he would not take action without 100% annihilation of all the midto high-level forces in The Myth. If he wanted to attack, he had to do it like how they surrounded Dawn Salvation and captured them in one net.

Otherwise, the poison would be endless.

This was probably a form of growth.

Xu Tui had called Ullr over today to come to a staged conclusion on this matter. Otherwise, the siege of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization might continuously bring pressure to Ullr and stimulate him to defect. That would be troublesome.

“You guys chat.”

The moment Ullr entered and saw Shang Long, he was completely at ease. However, Shang Long left.

Actually, Ullr had considered a lot before he came. Should he come under Xu

Tui’s summoning order? He was very nervous! However, in the end, Shang Long’s message made him come. He did not have confidence in Xu Tui, but he had confidence in Shang Long.

Xu Tui felt a little helpless when he saw Shang Long leave and Ullr arrive. If

Ullr had not completely refined the seal of the Heavenly Court’s Lightning

Division, Xu Tui would have more than 90% confidence that he could kill him.

However, Xu Tui now understood the power of a high-level seal. Not only could it greatly increase one’s combat strength, but it could also spontaneously protect its owner to save its life.

“You should already know the results of our Worldly Demon Slayers clearing out the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, right?” Xu Tui said.

“Then congratulations on your contribution, Commander Xu.” Although he was congratulating him, Ullr’s tone was very calm. It was so calm that it had a chill.

Xu Tui could sense this aura. “Yes, I already know the true identity of the number one figure of Dawn Salvation.”

Ullr’s gaze clearly tightened when he heard that. Xu Tui’s passive spiritual resonance even reflected Ullr’s nervousness.

Ullr was nervous!

“Dawn is actually you, Ullr.”

In an instant, Ullr suddenly raised his head. His expression tightened at first, but he looked at Xu Tui, then at the direction where Shang Long had left. He laughed. “Commander Xu sure knows how to joke.”

“Aurora told me that himself. Do you believe him?”

Ullr stared at Xu Tui. She looked straight into Xu Tui’s eyes. “I’ll accept it if Mr. Shang says that I am Dawn.”

This guy was very cunning. He had pulled Shang Long out as a shield under uncertain circumstances.

“Aurora said that you pulled him out of the dark hell and gave him a chance to take revenge. After he personally killed those six enemies, there was only one thing he had to do in his life—repay you, the boss.”

Ullr’s expression did not change at all during Xu Tui’s explanation. However, when Xu Tui mentioned his six enemies, Ullr’s mind power finally fluctuated violently. Only Aurora and he knew about this. Now that Xu Tui had said it, it meant that Aurora had really confessed.

Aurora gave him up? Ullr instinctively did not believe Xu Tui. However, since Xu Tui had said it himself, there was irrefutable evidence.

Ullr’s mind power fluctuated violently for a few times before gradually returning to normal. Suddenly, Ullr smiled. “Commander Xu, your ability to make up stories is quite strong. You have a bright future as a screenwriter.”

Disappointment appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes. He had also failed to let Ullr expose himself. If this news exposed Ullr, he could take the opportunity to kill him. Shang Long was in the Wood Origin Palace.

However, Ullr was very cunning and shrewd. Xu Tui bent down and said when he saw the smile that Ullr forced out, “Alright, Ullr, I won’t beat around the bush with you. I know that you are Dawn, but I haven’t obtained any direct evidence yet, so Mr. Shang won’t attack you. Therefore, you can only be the Lord of Myths, Ullr. However, I have to remind you of two things. Remember them well.”

Ullr only listened to Xu Tui’s words and did not express any attitude.

“Firstly, for now, the number one figure of Dawn Salvation has disappeared.

You are now the captain of The Myth’s Independent Operation, Ullr. I hope that from today onwards, you will always be the captain of the Demon Slayer Team, Ullr. Otherwise, as long as I discover any traces of Dawn, I will definitely kill Dawn even if I don’t have any evidence!

“The second point is also based on the first point. The reason why I didn’t kill you now is that I don’t have 100% confidence in killing you. However, my strength has increased very quickly. I believe that in the near future, I will definitely have a 100% chance of killing you!”

Xu Tui did not say anything after he finished speaking. He quietly looked at Dawn, or rather, Ullr.

“You’re done?”

“I’m done. Did you hear me clearly?”

“Loud and clear.”

“Then go ahead. Remember, don’t make a mistake.” Xu Tui waved his hand to send the guest off.

Ullr stood up and was about to leave without saying a word. However, Xu Tui stopped him before he left. “Oh, yes, bring this corpse away.”

Xu Tui took out Aurora’s corpse and brought it to Ullr. Ullr looked at Aurora’s corpse. The corner of his eyes twitched, but he still did not say anything.

“What I can tell you is that this does not involve any conspiracy trajectory!

Aurora is a sinner and a pitiful person. Killing him was his punishment! However, he did not betray his boss. Before he committed suicide, he was still thinking about his boss.” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui slapped a storage chip in front of Ullr. “This is a portion of Aurora’s interrogation video.”

“I want to see how tough the bones of the members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization are.” Ullr smiled stiffly and took the chip.

Ullr finished watching the interrogation video in front of Xu Tui. He casually handed it over to Xu Tui and was about to leave. However, the moment he stepped out of the room, he suddenly turned around and looked at Xu Tui. He said, “Commander Xu, do you want me to help you bury this corpse so that the dead won’t be an eyesore to you?”

“Okay, then I have to thank you.”

“No need.” Ullr carried Aurora’s corpse and left the room. The moment he stepped out of the door, Ullr’s mental voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Thank you.”

“There’s no need to thank me. I’ll be waiting at all times for you to give me a chance to kill you!” Xu Tui also sent a mental message.

Ullr stopped in his tracks. He carried Aurora’s corpse and strode out of the Wood Origin Palace.

After Ullr left, Xu Tui only informed Shang Long. He brought An Xiaoxue, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and a few other Planetary realm experts and carefully left the cosmic tunnel node of Ceres Star. Then, he followed the cosmic tunnel and headed straight for Planet Peach.

There was still a big fish waiting for Xu Tui to deal with on Planet Peach. This big fish was Painted Skin.

He had obtained this information from Aurora under hypnosis.

Xu Tui did not expect that Painted Skin, the big fish that he could not find, was hiding under his nose. Of course, the reason why the entire Blue Star’s intelligence agency could not find Painted Skin was very simple.

This was because Painted Skin was one of the few top-secret personnel who had a one-way relationship with Aurora in the Dawn Salvation. If he had not obtained affirmative information from Aurora, Xu Tui would not have thought that Painted Skin had already hidden under his nose.

Xu Tui and the others quickly arrived at Planet Peach along the cosmic tunnel.

“Old Cui, gather the second batch of special training personnel chosen by the Huaxia Sector.” Xu Tui gave the order when he arrived at Planet Peach.

“Should we all gather at a base, or at the cultivation sub-bases where we are?” Cui Xi asked.

“Gather at Base 1.”

“Alright!”

After saying that, Xu Tui also looked at An Xiaoxue. “Xiaoxue, let’s go.. Let’s see the true face of Painted Skin today!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1