Chapter 1580 - 1580: Locking Onto The Identity

Chapter 1580: Locking onto the Identity

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As Aurora’s mental aura completely dissipated, the seal in his body suddenly escaped from his head. However, the moment it escaped, it floated in the air, not knowing what to do. It seemed to be a little confused. It should be because the small universe of the Heavenly Court had closed that the seal did not return there.

Xu Tui, who had been immersed in watching the memories in Aurora’s mind with his spiritual radiation, also reacted. The seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole suddenly flew out. With a slight acceleration, the divine light enveloped the seal.

In an instant, Xu Tui sensed the submission of the seal in front of him through the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. It could not be said to be purely subservience. It was an absolute suppression in terms of level.

Previously, the reason why Aurora’s seal could be blasted back into his body by Xu Tui’s mental hammer was not only because Xu Tui’s mental hammer was very powerful, but also because the level of the seal was relatively lower.

It should be about the same level as Xu Tui’s Mount Heng Divine Seal. It was even a little lower than the Mount Heng Divine Seal.

There was a faint sense of familiarity.

However, Xu Tui could not sense which clergy seal it was.

During this period of time, Xu Tui had continuously refined the Mount Hua and the Mount Heng Divine Seal. Under the nourishment of the two divine seals, the speed at which he refined the other seals had increased again.

Of course, this increase was actually very small. The speed of enhancement might only be a few percent of the original foundation. Under such circumstances, the refinement of the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole had increased to 42%.

It was even more powerful.

However, Xu Tui would probably have to refine the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole to 80% or even 100% if he wanted to completely subdue the various clergy seals.

After thinking for a few seconds, Xu Tui suddenly remembered that the aura of the seal that flew out of Aurora’s body seemed to be a little similar to the aura of the unknown seal that Zhao Hailong had refined.

The seal that Zhao Hailong had refined was a little compatible with the cultivators of the Extreme Branch. As for Aurora, although he also cultivated mind power, he mainly walked the path of the Extreme Branch.

Xu Tui thought about the benefits of using the power of the seal to resist the Five Satellites after Yan Lie and Yan Xuejin joined forces. He felt that he had to treat this seal seriously. If there was a complete set, the benefits would be different.

Ten minutes later, after the battle in the Dawn Asteroid’s Aurora Base had basically ended, the others were still fighting. However, Xu Tui brought Zhao Hailong over first.

Zhao Hailong had just arrived when he looked at the seal controlled by the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole. His gaze was strange.

“What do you feel?” Xu Tui asked.

“Commander, when I saw this seal, the seal in my body moved slightly. It seems that there is a connection between the two seals,” Zhao Hailong said.

“Let your seal out to take a look.”

Zhao Hailong’s seal had not been completely refined, but the refinement progress had also reached more than 30% because he had returned to the Blue Star last time. He was still very good at controlling it.

When this seal was released, the two seals shone brightly at the same time, especially the seal obtained from Aurora. Even under the suppression of the Longevity Emperor’s seal, it still scattered the light towards Zhao Hailong’s seal.

It felt like it was going home.

A set!

From the looks of it, Xu Tui had basically confirmed that these two seals were related. They might be a complete set. It might be a subordinate of the Star Official.

“Hailong, can you sense what seal this is?” Xu Tui asked.

Zhao Hailong closed his eyes and sensed for a while. He slowly shook his head. “Commander, can it be closer?”

Then, under Xu Tui’s control, Aurora’s seal slowly leaned against Zhao

Hailong’s seal. The slightly different lights merged without any obstruction.

After quietly sensing for a few minutes, Zhao Hailong opened his eyes.

“Commander, I can confirm that these two seals should be extremely close. However, I still don’t Imow what seal they are. I feel that the aura of the two seals connected is very incomplete. I feel that I lack other companions.”

“You still lack it?” These words made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. “Then how many auras do you think are missing?”

“It seems… to be lacking a lot!”

He was lacking a lot! This answer made Xu Tui have a rough guess. If he did not lack much, it would be difficult to deduce. There were many small-scale groups under the various Star Lords of the Heavenly Court, but there were only a few large-scale groups.

Of course, the prerequisite was within Xu Tui’s understanding.

“Yang Huai, do you have any thoughts of refining this seal? The level of this seal is not high, but it is related to Hailong’s seal. If you fight alongside Hailong in the future, it should increase your strength greatly,” Xu Tui said.

“Is it compatible with my power attributes?” Yang Huai asked.

“Try wrapping it with your energy field and you’ll know.”

A minute later, Yang Huai made a decision. “Commander, this seal is only partially compatible with my power. It’s not completely compatible! However, I’m afraid it’s difficult to find someone who is completely compatible. That’s it. I’ll just use it to increase my strength first!” Yang Huai said.

Yang Huai was a very good choice. Then, the others continued to eliminate them. With Xu Tui’s cooperation, Yang Huai began to refine the seal. Then, something unexpected happened.

Zhao Hailong’s seal actually began to resonate. Under this resonance, not only did Yang Huai’s speed of refining this seal increase greatly, but Zhao Hailong’s refining speed also increased greatly.

When he left the Dawn asteroid a day later, Zhao Hailong’s refinement of the seal had increased by another 5%. Yang Huai’s refinement of the seal had reached 10%.

The Land of Hope.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, who had returned, suddenly had a nightmare. After he returned, his brain, Tarsylia, was at a loss with a pile of urgent reports. “Sir, something has happened to Aurora, or the entire Dawn.”

Ullr scanned through the hundreds of messages sent through various secret channels and basically came to a conclusion.

Someone should be using their collective strength to surround Dawn Salvation. Ullr looked at the time when the first urgent report was sent, thought about the time he had headed to Ceres Star, and understood the whereabouts of Xu Tui and the others. He knew that he had been schemed against.

He had even been schemed against by Shang Long. That was because the moment he received the urgent report, Tarsylia knew that the scale of this matter was not something he could handle.

Any kind of rescue might expose the true identity of the Lord of The Myths, Ullr. Therefore, he could only wait for Ullr to return. However, it was too late when Ullr returned.

“What about Aurora? Can we still contact them?” Ullr asked in a daze.

“I can’t.” Tarsylia shook his head. “I’m afraid there’s already a problem. The last report is that an enemy has invaded the Dawn asteroid. Sir, what should we do now? Currently, 80% of the strongholds have been attacked or lost contact. Should we give them instructions…”

“No!” Ullr slowly shook his head. “There’s no need. There’s no need! Since the Dawn asteroid has been discovered, most of the Dawn Salvation will be destroyed. What was left behind might be the bait to lure us out. Dawn Salvation had been destroyed. Destroy all possible traces, cut off or directly control and kill everyone who can contact you from afar. Then, search for Aurora with all your might. If you discover his whereabouts, tell me immediately! ”

“Sir, are we going to save Lord Aurora?” Tarsylia asked.

Ullr slowly raised his head and looked into the distance. He did not confirm or deny it. “Let’s search for his whereabouts first.”

Xu Tui started his operation at 14:32 on the 9th of October. It was 14:42 when he attacked the quantum teleportation channel of the Dawn asteroid. The operation to surround and kill the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization both inside and outside the Blue Star was fully launched.

On the 17th of October, Xu Tui brought his men back to Ceres Star.

As for the Dawn asteroid, the staff of the Worldly Demon Slayers would deal with them.

As for the others, they rested and cultivated. Zhao Hailong and Yang Huai, the newly formed friends, formed a party and refined the seal.

Xu Tui only looked at the results of the various action teams sent by the staff office before he went to see Shang Long.

There were a total of 31 action teams, large and small, in this operation to surround and kill the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. Twenty-four of the action teams had completely succeeded in their missions. Five of the action teams had not completed their missions completely. Two of the action teams had failed their missions.

However, the action team led by the higher-ups of the Extra-terrestrial Demon Slayer Team all succeeded. None of them failed. It could be said that this was a powerful operation by the Worldly Demon Slayers.

“Ullr, I am Xu Tui. Come to the Wood Origin Palace of Ceres Star. Yes, Mr. Shang Long is also here.” Xu Tui gave Ullr an order.

However, Xu Tui met Shang Long before Ullr arrived.

“Mr. Shang, I can confirm that the first core of the Dawn Salvation is the Lord of The Myths, Ullr,” Xu Tui said directly.

“How did you determine that?”

“I saw it under the spiritual radiation, but only I can see it. There’s no other evidence. ”

When Aurora said that before he committed suicide, or rather, Aurora’s memories evoked a large number of subconscious images. In the images, there were all kinds of scenes of his so-called boss interacting with him.

The so-called boss of Aurora was the Lord of Myths, Ullr!

However, just as Xu Tui had told Shang Long, only Xu Tui could see the subconscious image. Furthermore, it had disappeared with the death of Aurora.

Shang Long looked at Xu Tui and slowly shook his head. “As long as you can confirm that the number one person in Dawn Salvation is Ullr, you can deal with him. I will support you after the incident. However, I won’t attack, nor can

“I understand, Mr. Shang.”

Half an hour later, Fang You reported that the captain of the Myth Special Operations, Ullr, had arrived..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1