Chapter 1586 - 1586: The Head And The Whereabouts Of Planet X (3)

Chapter 1586 - 1586: The Head and the Whereabouts of Planet X (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

In that case, he could only change to his next target if he actively attacked.

In the Aerospace Combat Jet, while Xu Tui was thinking about his future strategy, Ah Huang sent another piece of news to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief after reading the contents. Previously, when he was pulling out the Painted Skin on Planet Peach, Xu Tui had not only covered it with his mind power, but he had also asked An Xiaoxue to cover it with her mind power. Various technological devices were monitoring and collecting data.

It was to investigate thoroughly.

Did Dawn Salvation only place Painted Skin in the Worldly Reserve Team? Were there any other members? There were also other alliances, or rather, The Myth. Did they have similar actions?

Since Dawn Salvation could succeed, the other organizations also had a chance of success. Then, Xu Tui would have to make use of this operation to uncover Painted Skin to conduct a major investigation. He also successfully collected a large amount of data during the process of pulling out the Painted Skin.

The comparison of the data showed that there were no other similar members. This made Xu Tui feel much more at ease. After all, in the extra-terrestrial, the leak of information meant death.

Dawn Salvation was an example.

When Xu Tui and the others arrived at the moon, the purge of Dawn Salvation on the Blue Star was still ongoing. It was mainly because many of the members who had been captured in the previous operation had confessed.

They followed the clues and found many mid to low-level members. Then they captured it all in one net! Other than that, Dawn Salvation was also related to many civil society organizations. It could be said that this siege of Dawn Salvation was a complete purification of the power of the Blue Star.

There would be no end to the spies on the Blue Star. However, it was very difficult to see an organization like Dawn Salvation betraying them.

Xu Tui, who had informed them in advance, arrived at Luo Shifeng’s grave. Painted Skin, who was also Feng Qian, became visibly nervous when she saw

Luo Shifeng’s Tombstone. She had already guessed what Xu Tui was going to do. “Xu Tui, if… I mean, if Mr. Luo is still around, he shouldn’t kill me! After all, we really loved each other…”

“How shameless!” Xu Tui let out a cold laugh. He lit a cigar and took two puffs. He placed it in front of Luo Shifeng’s grave and took out a bottle of September Frost. He poured himself a glass and Luo Shifeng a glass.

The moment he drank, Xu Tui turned around and looked at Painted Skin, which was Feng Qian. Under the silent invasion of the spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation, Painted Skin was hypnotized without any ability to resist Xu Tui’s terrifying mind power.

Painted Skin’s true power level was only at the Transmutation Realm. She had no resistance against Xu Tui.

“Mr. Luo, it’s been two to three years. I’ve finally brought this woman back. You’re also a temperamental person. Let me ask her a question on behalf of you today.” Xu Tui poured a glass of September Frost on the ground. He asked Painted Skin Feng Qian without looking back, “Feng Qian, did you love Luo Shifeng?”

“Why?”

“He’s just a target chess piece for the mission. He likes to have sex, but his skills in bed…’

Crack!

An ear-piercing sound rang out. An extremely sharp ice saber suddenly appeared and cut off Painted Skin’s head. When blood spurted out of her neck, Xu Tui waved his hand and placed Painted Skin’s bloody head in front of Luo Shifeng’s grave.

“Mr. Luo, if there is really a samsara universe in the future, I will definitely send Painted Skin’s spirit to you and let her apologize to you!”

Painted Skin had naturally woken up from her hypnosis because she had been beheaded. Perhaps it was because her mind power was stronger, but she did not die immediately. Looking at the headless corpse that had fallen beside her head, her expression instantly became extremely terrified.

“Mr.. Luo, keep Painted Skin’s head first…”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1