Chapter 1585 - 1585: The Head And The Whereabouts Of Planet X (2)

Chapter 1585 - 1585: The Head and the Whereabouts of Planet X (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The second condition is actually related to your previous actions, Commander

“Hmm?”

“Previously, Commander, you consolidated the resources of the cosmic tunnel nodes discovered by the other Demon Slayer Teams on the Blue Star. I heard that you already have more than 20 cosmic tunnel nodes, right?” Ullr said.

“Twenty? It looks like you’re not well-informed enough! What I can tell you clearly is that there are already more than 30 known cosmic tunnel nodes in the Worldly Demon Slayers. Furthermore, they’re still increasing,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui was not exaggerating.

After he integrated the extra-terrestrial forces of the Blue Star into the Worldly Demon Slayers, the most important things he did were to integrate the resources of the cosmic tunnel nodes controlled by the various Demon Slavers.

Previously, the various alliances were actually secretly organizing their people. They used the stupidest method to constantly sense or trace the trajectory of the cosmic tunnel to find the node of the cosmic tunnel.

The significance of the cosmic tunnel node was too great. In terms of the solar system, technological methods such as the flying of the Aerospace Combat Jet were the most cost-effective methods.

If he mastered the nodes of the cosmic tunnel in the solar system and formed a network, then strengthened the connection through the quantum teleportation channel, it was very likely that the solar system would form a very efficient transportation system.

This was the reason why Xu Tui had integrated this resource. The important role of Ceres Star had actually been displayed. This was also the reason why Ullr had specially mentioned this to Xu Tui after completing his mission.

Knowing more about the node of the cosmic tunnel meant that there would be an additional fast transportation route in the future, reinforcements on another route, or even an additional way out.

If he wanted to be rich, he had to build a road first. The current cosmic tunnel node roughly had the same meaning.

“Then can you consolidate this information with The Myth?” Ullr asked.

“Sure!” Ullr was overjoyed, but Xu Tui said, “Remove the word ‘independent’ from The Myth’s Independent Demon Slayer Team. We can completely share it.”

“I knew it…” Ullr sighed. He had actually expected this. However, he did not dare to remove the word. “Then let’s exchange! I’ll exchange some of the known cosmic tunnel nodes of The Myth with you. One for one. However, I want to specify the cosmic tunnel nodes of the Star Sector,” Ullr said.

“Sure.” Xu Tui agreed readily. Before Ullr could be surprised, Xu Tui added, “Send over the clone body that Raymont used for resurrection. It will be convenient for both of us. Is that okay?”

A bitter smile appeared on Ullr’s face. Indeed, it was not easy to take advantage of Xu Tui. However, he still agreed readily.

That was because for the time being, Xu Tui had Raymont firmly under control. Raymont’s resurrection was still far away. There was no point in having the clone body that Raymont had revived.

However, this clone body that Raymont had used to revive was extremely important to Xu Tui.

This was because this involved another extremely important small universe— the Samsara Small Universe!

According to the various information he currently had, and the many communications with Little Six and Shang Long, the seal that Raymont had refined that had the ability to revive might have come from the Samsara Small Universe.

Or it might be related to the Samsara Small Universe.

Previously, in the origin domain seal, in the various sealed small universes of the solar system, other than the Small Universe of Heavenly Court, the most important one was the Samsara Small Universe. Next was the four major origin power small universes.

“Then it’s settled. Send the clones and Origin Crystals that Raymont used to revive to Planet Kono. I’ll naturally trade with you. My credibility will definitely not be a problem,” Xu Tui said.

“No, I trust Mr. Shang more. I will send Raymont’s clone body and Origin Crystals to Mr. Shang on Ceres Star. Three days later, I will retrieve what I want from Mr. Shang,” Ullr said.

Xu Tui was stunned. Ullr was really smart and cautious.

“Xu Tui, there shouldn’t be any problems with the information sent by Ullr. If there are no problems with the information we used to analyze, then it’s very likely that the Spiritual Race is communicating with Planet X inside and outside the solar system in the area of the discrete disk,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui’s most important target for taking the initiative to attack was Planet X. His first priority was to cut off the channel that the Spiritual Race was sending troops into the solar system.

Although Lei Qian and Yanzi had come to Planet X, they did not know where Planet X was. This was also a top secret in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base back then. Only Lei Tian Imew about it.

“Discrete disc area…”

This area was one of the most remote locations in the solar system. There was a biggest problem with going here, and that was it was too far away. It was basically impossible to rely on the Aerospace Combat Jet to explore and fly.

He had to send the quantum array core over first to set up the quantum teleportation channel as well. The best way was to find the nearby cosmic tunnel nodes. This was also the fundamental reason why Xu Tui had integrated the cosmic tunnel nodes and communicated with The Myth.

He basically had the whereabouts of Planet X, the main transportation route of the Spiritual Race. However, if he could not find the node of the cosmic tunnel, Xu Tui could not do anything for the time being..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1