Chapter 1584 - 1584: The Head And The Whereabouts Of Planet X(1)

Chapter 1584 - 1584: The Head and the Whereabouts of Planet X(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

“I’ve already made a comparison with what you instructed me to do previously.”

The first sentence of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, made Xu Tui heave a sigh of relief. If Ullr had contacted Xu Tui because of the Painted Skin, Xu Tui’s feelings would be indescribable.

He was very helpless and in pain. This was because this meant that the Lord of

Myths, Ullr, had spies among his members. Spies were a more restrained term.

They were actually traitors. Currently, not many people know about Painted Skin. Only the members of the Worldly Reserve and a portion of the Worldly Demon Slaying Team knew.

If Ullr mentioned the Painted Skin now, Xu Tui would have to conduct a thorough internal investigation. If the Huaxia Sector knew about the situation with Painted Skin at this moment, Xu Tui would not mind. It was normal. However, if The Myth knew, it would definitely not be tolerated.

“What range is it?”

“I discovered an area that is almost like a black hole through the various data you gave me and the coordinates analysis of the various trading locations and signal sources in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base over the years.

“Whether it was the physical transaction, the location of the signal source in the intelligence transaction, or the various trajectories of the Spiritual Race that the Blue Star had obtained over the years,

“This location was the discrete disk area of the solar system. If we wanted to find a known celestial body as a relative location, it would be Eris. This area is about five astronomical units away from Eris and about 35 astronomical units away from Pluto.”

Note: (The astronomical unit is a unit of distance that is currently used to mark the celestial bodies of the universe. There’s no need to write a specific long string of numbers. An astronomical unit is about 150 million kilometers.)

“Later, I’ll send you the specific coordinates and relevant intelligence information. You can read it yourself. If there are no accidents, the Planet X of the Spiritual Race that you are looking for should be in this area.”

After Ullr finished speaking, Ah Huang reported that it had received the data packet sent by Ullr. After all, it was impossible for Xu Tui to believe such important information just because Ullr said it casually.

Xu Tui could only believe it if he had the support of relevant data.

In the Aerospace Combat Jet, the relevant data was quickly displayed in front of Xu Tui after Ah Huang analyzed it. Ah Huang had activated all its computing power and was doing its best to calculate. However, the call did not end.

“Commander Xu, take your time to calculate. I’ve completed this matter. I want to make a request. It should be possible, right?” Ullr said.

Ullr was a cunning person. He would settle the matter first before making a request to Xu Tui. No matter what, Xu Tui could not refuse.

“This can be considered as you having completed the mission. You can make a request. Of course, whether you can agree depends on what kind of request you have,” Xu Tui said.

“I still want Raymont! If Commander Xu is willing to let Raymont back, I can pay an additional ransom…”

“Impossible!” Xu Tui’s resolute words cut off Ullr’s thoughts. “It’s impossible to let Raymont go. If not for the fact that his seal is special, I would have killed him long ago.”

“This…” Ullr sighed. “How about this, Commander Xu? Since you won’t let

Raymont go, I’ll change my condition. However, there are two conditions.” “Tell me about it.” Xu Tui already understood that Ullr’s true goal was probably among the last two conditions. The first was to throw a rock to ask for directions. After all, Xu Tui could not always refuse Ullr’s request after he had made a contribution by searching for the Spiritual Race’s important transit planet, Planet X.

In the video, Ullr rubbed his hands together. “It’s like this. Can you sell me another 10 sets of quantum teleportation array cores? I’m short of this now.”

“Ten sets? How dare you ask! I have to have them, right?”

“Commander Xu, you must have it. But look, I only have such conditions.”

“You’ve done something. I’ll give you one set.”

“How is one set enough? I need at least five sets.”

“Two sets. Each set costs 70,000 grams of Origin Crystals. If you don’t want it, then forget it. To be honest, I’m very short of raw materials. I only have a little in stock now. ”

Xu Tui was not lying.

The most important materials for the core of the quantum teleportation array were the meteorite ash and the Purple Star Crystal. The meteorite ash had been searched for a lot over the years, but the Purple Star Crystal had only been discovered once in the Far Light Base of the Terry meteorite belt.

They did not find any other source. The last time he discovered the Purple Star Crystal, he had only refined more than 100 sets of quantum array cores. In addition, a small portion of the energy gathering array had used it up. Over the past year, the quantum array core in Xu Tui’s hand had gone out in various ways. Otherwise, the various sectors of the Blue Star would not have been able to build a large number of quantum teleportation channels in such a short period of time.

Xu Tui only had 13 sets of quantum array cores in his inventory. This would be all the stock on the Blue Star before they discovered any new Purple Star Crystals.

“Two sets it is.” Ullr was asking for a sky-high price. Although Xu Tui returned the money, the deal was considered completed.

However, Xu Tui then sent Ullr the relevant information about the Purple Star Crystals. “If you can find this material, you can buy the quantum array core from me at a 30% discount in the future. Furthermore, there will be a discount on the quantity.”

“This is the key material to refine the quantum array core, right?” Xu Tui did not deny this question. Instead, he urged, “Tell me about your second condition..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1