Chapter 1582 - 1582: Finding A Difference

Chapter 1582: Finding a Difference

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Planet Peach was currently in a semi-open state. Or rather, it was in a semi-welfare state.

The concentration of energy on the Planet Peach had also increased to a certain extent after the Heavenly Court’s small universe was unsealed. However, the increase was a little inferior to the Blue Star, the Moon, Mars, and Ceres Star.

But the average energy concentration on the entire planet was as high as 3-5 points. It was higher than any known planet.

This was especially so for the places that had been discovered. The concentration of energy was currently between five to seven, slightly higher than the blessed lands discovered by the Blue Star Huaxia Sector.

With a concentration of five to seven points of energy, coupled with Yanzi’s latest invention, the concentration of energy in these energy gathering cultivation bases could reach more than 16 points.

Currently, Planet Peach has developed and built a total of four energy gathering cultivation bases. From Number One to Number Four, the energy concentration was 16.9, 15.8, 13-7, and 12.5.

The first energy-gathering cultivation base naturally belonged to the Worldly Demon Slayers. The second base was opened to the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realms of the other Demon Slayers as a benefit.

Every Demon Slayer team currently had three to six cultivation spots. Of course, the number of spots in the Huaxia Sector would definitely double.

The Energy Gathering Cultivation Base Number Three and Number Four were basically places for elites nurtured by the various Demon Slayers to cultivate.

The construction of these two training bases was even more complicated. This was because genetic cultivators below the quasi-planetary realm not only absorbed energy to cultivate, but they also had various training facilities, including training venues.

There were 20 to 40 spots in each Demon Slayer Team. Naturally, there were twice as many spots in the Huaxia Sector.

At the same time, the reserve members of the Worldlv Demon Slaver Team

who had not reached the peak of the Transmutation Realm were also cultivating in these two bases.

Base 3 and Base 4, or rather, the entire Planet Peach, were already showing signs of being built into another extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College. It was also a way for Xu Tui to contact and unite the other Demon Slayer teams.

The spots to enter these bases to cultivate were currently very precious.

The second batch of reserves selected by the Huaxia Sector to support them were scattered at Base 3 and Base 4. The first batch was made up of Cui Xi, Zhao Hailong, and the other members of the original pioneer raiders.

The second batch of people should have arrived very early.

However, Xu Tui had been hiding with the Muyas previously. Coupled with the fact that Planet Peach had been occupied by Raymont, this second batch of people had been receiving all kinds of extra-terrestrial training on Mars. It was not until Xu Tui returned from the small universe of the Heavenly Court a month and a half ago and subdued Planet Peach that the second batch of reserves selected by Huaxia arrived on Planet Peach to cultivate.

To be honest, Xu Tui had not had the time to meet this group of people recently. However, he did not expect that there was a huge bomb buried here.

As this batch of members was all at Base 3 or Base 4, they could only take the Aerospace Combat Jet over and gather at Base 1.

Xu Tui looked at the list after he arrived. There were a total of 120 Huaxia elites who volunteered to join the extra-terrestrial Worldly Demon Slayer Team. Everyone had voluntarily signed up. They had only obtained this spot after passing the various conditions. Most of them came from the school.

Their cultivation was mainly at the Genetic Mutation Realm and the Genetic Evolution Realm. However, in just a month and a half, all 87 Genetic Mutation Realm experts had broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

From this point of view, the energy gathering cultivation base on Planet Paradise was indeed a holy land for cultivation.

Xu Tui smiled from time to time as he browsed through the holographic information of the 120 reserve members. He had many acquaintances. A third of them were from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, and the other third were from the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College. Their qualities were very high. The other third came from other Genetic Evolution Colleges.

According to the information, there were more than 3,000 people who signed up. In the end, only 120 people were selected after layers of screening.

Among them, the most important political review did not screen many people. There were no problems with the disciples of Huaxia. It was mainly because of other conditions, such as whether their mental state could adapt to the cruel battlefield and lonely conditions of the extra-terrestrial, as well as their physical fitness, cultivation status, and abilities.

Many students from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had even fought Xu Tui before.

These people were now elite members of the Worldly Reserve.

For example, Liu Kai, a lightning-type supernatural being, Qi Sheng, an earth-type supernatural being, Wei Xuan, Lu Peng, Jiao Yulin, Li Cheng, Wang Zixuan, and Chi Hongying from the School of Perception Instantiation.

Xu Tui was also amused when he saw the heroic Chi Hongying. She was an old acquaintance. He wondered how she and Chai Xiao were doing.

The reason why he thought that way was that he did not see Chai Xiao’s name on the list.

Mei Qingfei, the lady in the exquisite Hanfu, had also come. Moreover, her cultivation had broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm before she came. There was also a special notification behind her personal information. She was Shen Jiushuang’s disciple. He wondered if such an exquisite lady in Hanfu could adapt to life in the extra-terrestrial.

However, on second thought, Xu Tui smiled. If an extremely exquisite man like Luo Murong could adapt, Mei Qingfei could definitely do it.

Realm. Gong Ling was at the Genetic Mutation Realm when she arrived. She was also at the Genetic Evolution Realm now.

Gong Ling was a rare wood-type supernatural being. Xu Tui had already decided that it would definitely be beneficial for her to cultivate with Mu Xingluan for a period of time in the future.

As for Zuo Qingqing…

Xu Tui’s expression became complicated when he saw Zuo Qingqing’s holographic image.

“By the way, Ah Huang, do you know where Mozi went?” Xu Tui had thought that Cheng MO might come, but he did not see his name.

“After he broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, he should have gone to a special organization in the military. His ability is rather special,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui nodded. That was good. This was Cheng MO’s own path. Half an hour later, Xu Tui carefully browsed through all the information about the 120 members and memorized it. All the members of the Worldly Reserve Team arrived.

This included the second batch of 120 new members, as well as the first batch of seven members who had yet to break through to the quasi-planetary realm.

No one was absent.

“Ah Huang, record everyone’s brainwaves, heartbeat frequency, and all electronic device fluctuations. Next, record everyone’s expressions and various movements in all directions for your judgment,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Xiaoxue, cover everyone with your mind power and observe if there are any suspicious situations.”

An Xiaoxue did not understand Xu Tui’s orders.

“Haven’t we already confirmed who Painted Skin is?” An Xiaoxue asked in confusion.

“Yes, it’s confirmed. However, under the layers of screening from Huaxia, Dawn Salvation could already place people in. Who knows if there are others? One can never be too careful! We could take this opportunity to screen them again. At the same time, we could teach them a lesson. Extra-terrestrial is really cruel,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!”

A few minutes later, as Xu Tui appeared in the hall, thunderous applause immediately rang out. Countless eyes that were filled with stars stared at Xu Tui. They clapped with all their might, wishing they could smash their hands.

In the past few years, Xu Tui’s true battle results, the publicity inside and outside the Blue Star, and all kinds of rumors had made him the idol of the students in the various Genetic Evolution Colleges. It was not an exaggeration to say that.

“Students, welcome to the extra-terrestrial! I believe that you might know more about the extra-terrestrial than me before you came and on the way here. However, I still have to emphasize something to you. The extra-terrestrial is much crueler than you think.”

Xu Tui paused. He looked at the different smiles on the faces of the 100-odd students present. There were clearly three words in that smile—cut and dried.

Everyone from the Blue Star to the Moon, Mars, Planet Kono, and Planet Peach emphasized this to them. They could no longer feel anything.

“Have you heard it too many times?”

Xu Tui’s words made many of the students present smile. They had heard it too many times.

“Alright, then today, as the regiment commander, I’ll give you the first lesson of extra-terrestrial—the extra-terrestrial is really cruel! Zuo Qingqing!”

“Here!” With a clean answer, Zuo Qingqing, who was wearing a very compatible extra-terrestrial training uniform, had short hair that reached her ears, and was tall and slender, instantly stepped out.

“Come to my side,” Xu Tui said.

Below the stage, many bold male students had already whistled because of Xu Tui’s order.

The meaning of whistling here was the same as when he was in college. He was just jeering.

Xu Tui’s gaze swept past everyone. He realized that there was only Mei Qingfei, Chi Hongying, Liu Kai, and a few people from the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College led by Li Cunpeng. They revealed thoughtful expressions. The other students had already ignited their gossipy hearts.

After all, there had been rumors that Xu Tui had a deep relationship with Zuo Qingqing.

“Oh, I forgot to tell you. Your performance at this moment will be recorded. It concerns your future position. Basically, most of you have temporarily retired from the position of captain of the combat team based on your performance just now.”

Many students were shocked by Xu Tui’s words. They immediately stopped joking and perked up. This might really be an unusual lesson.

Zuo Qingqing, who had been called onto the stage by Xu Tui, stopped smiling. The blush on her face disappeared. It seemed to be different from what she had expected.

“Alright, the first question—Find a different one!” As he spoke, Xu Tui pointed at Zuo Qingqing. “Observe Zuo Qingqing carefully. See how she is different from the past.”

The big screen behind him had already begun to play the images of Zuo Qingqing’s past.

Zuo Qingqing’s expression changed!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1