Chapter 1595 - 1595: Capturing Planet X And The Nine Satellites Reinforcements (1)

Chapter 1595 - 1595: Capturing Planet X and the Nine Satellites Reinforcements (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

The ability of teleportation was the first abnormal phenomenon that Xu Tui had awakened after he cultivated the genetic ability chain of the quantum entanglement state to the extreme and underwent an extremely hard-earned cultivation.

It could be considered the second ability that the genetic ability chain of the quantum entanglement state had given Xu Tui. The first ability it had given Xu Tui was Energy Teleportation.

This was also the fundamental reason why Xu Tui had condensed the genetic ability chain of the quantum entanglement state into a star.

Teleportation was divided into two states. One was self-teleportation, and the other was foreign body teleportation. He used self-teleportation more often. The last person who had personally experienced the foreign body teleportation was Raymont.

After Raymont experienced it, he died on the spot, but was revived due to the Resurrection Seal.

Today was the second time Xu Tui had used foreign body teleportation. Using it consumed a lot of mind power.

Xu Tui had studied it many times. When a foreign body teleported, they would essentially use different spatial levels, or rather, dimensional spaces, to cut the target.

In theory, even a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse could not resist the cutting of this dimensional space. Xu Tui had always used this foreign body teleportation as his last trump card. He would not use it easily.

Killing 1,000 enemies was almost equivalent to sacrificing 900.

The last time he used this move on Raymont, Xu Tui’s mind power was depleted. He fainted on the spot. After that, with An Xiaoxue guiding the power in the Silver Spirit Box to treat him, Xu Tui only woke up after being unconscious for more than a day.

Without any companions, this move was to die with the enemy. With a companion, this move would cripple his martial arts. Basically, Xu Tui would become useless after he used it. Once one’s mind power was completely depleted, they would faint. Restoration was very slow.

Xu Tui’s initial thought was to rely on himself, An Xiaoxue, Little Six, and a total of six other Seven Satellites to suppress Huo Qi on Planet X.

As long as they stalled for some time, it would be easy for the others to free up.

However, Xu Tui did not expect that this battle would completely expose the shortcomings of Little Six and the other Seven Satellites.

The shortcoming of speed was infinitely magnified. Under the shortcoming of speed, they were simply live targets before they formed a defense against an offensive Planetary realm powerhouse like Huo Qi.

Belas was instantly incinerated into ashes. So Xu Tui had no choice but to use this killing move again. If they did not deal with Huo Qi, there was a possibility that the entire Planet X expeditionary army would be wiped out.

Huo Qi, with no one restraining him, could easily kill the expeditionary army other than Ullr and the other lightning-type supernatural beings.

Xu Tui did not doubt that. However, Xu Tui was mentally prepared to faint the moment he used the killing move of teleportation. He also informed An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui had come up with several researches regarding the consumption of mind power after a few times of research. Foreign body teleportation consumed a lot of mind power. It had a starting point.

As long as one’s mind power did not reach this starting point, they would faint on the spot. The consumption of mind power to teleport was also related to the target’s body. The stronger the target’s body, the greater the consumption of mind power.

Finally, after condensing the quantum entanglement state genetic ability chain into a star, it might reduce the consumption of mind power to a certain extent.

This last point was Xu Tui’s guess.

However, after the genetic ability chain of the quantum entanglement state, Energy Teleportation, condensed into a star, the consumption of Xu Tui’s mind power to teleport himself and the furthest distance had increased.

Xu Tui first used the illusory reality to set up Shang Long’s illusion to distract Huo Qi and ensure that the foreign body teleportation was 100% successful. He was greatly relieved when he saw that half of Huo Qi’s body had disappeared. The Nine Satellites’ Huo Qi had been killed. The outcome of this battle was decided.

Xu Tui was also waiting for the pain in his head and the coma to arrive. However, he was still looking forward to it.

Compared to the last time he teleported Raymont, Xu Tui’s total mind power

had increased several times. The quantum entanglement state energy teleportation had also condensed into a new star and had two star halos.

Perhaps he would not faint after the consumption of mind power decreased?

Of course, Xu Tui did not have too many expectations. After all, he had teleported the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse this time. His target was even stronger.

However, in the next moment, ecstasy suddenly appeared on Xu Tui’s face. He did not faint on the spot. Moreover, there was a plan. After this, he would be able to use the foreign body teleportation in the future. His mind power was quickly drained in that instant, but he still had 3% of his mind power left.

This 3% of mind power prevented Xu Tui from fainting on the spot.

Xu Tui had paid extreme attention to the consumption of his mind power from the beginning of the battle on Planet X. This was especially so after he saw Huo Qi. He had a Soul Crystal in his hand at all times.

As he consumed it, he recovered his mind power.

Xu Tui had consumed about 25% of his mind power in the previous battle. He had recovered less than 5% in the battle.

According to Xu Tui’s senses, he still had about 83% of his mind power left before he used the foreign body teleportation..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1