Chapter 1590 - 1590: Developing New Abilities And Expedition

Chapter 1590 - 1590: Developing New Abilities and Expedition

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There were many problems that needed to be prepared for the expedition to

Planet X. Although they could reach a planet, which was highly suspected to be Eris Star, at the discrete disc through the cosmic tunnel, they still needed to fly from Eris to Planet X.

The flight time was not short. It would take at least half a month or a month or two. Before an effective transportation system was established, flying tools were a big problem. Although Planetary realm powerhouses could fly in space for a long time, this consumed a lot of energy. Their strength might be damaged if they encountered an unexpected situation.

Moreover, dozens of Planetary realm experts were flying in space. They were relatively scattered and were not conducive to overall movement and communication. It would be best to use the Aerospace Combat Jet to fly in space to solve this problem.

However, the Aerospace Combat Jet could not fly through the cosmic tunnel.

The current solution was for a Planetary realm powerhouse to carry the Aerospace Combat Jet through the cosmic tunnel.

With 40 to 50 people, they could carry about five to six Aerospace Combat Jets. With the strength of most Planetary realm powerhouses, it would not be a problem for them to carry the Aerospace Combat Jet.

However, that scene was a little… eye-piercing.

It reminded Xu Tui of the scene of the donkey rider. It was filled with joy.

Xu Tui made a decision after some consideration. Due to the fact that he had two main planets, Xu Tui could condense 14 new stars. He had already condensed 12 new stars and had two new star positions.

Xu Tui decided to use one of the positions of the new power star. The new power star that he wanted to condense was the quantum dimensional chain.

This was actually a very strange decision.

This was because in the history of the Blue Star, even in the history of the Spiritual Race that Yanzi and the others knew, no Planetary realm powerhouse had ever condensed a new star like the quantum dimensional chain.

This was because from the looks of it, the greatest use of the genetic ability chain was to open up a quantum dimensional space and store things.

It would not be a problem to strengthen this genetic ability chain as much as possible and strive to develop more space to store more portable resources. However, condensing the quantum dimensional chain into a quantum dimensional nova was a pure extravagance and waste.

The position of every Planetary realm powerhouse to condense a new power was very limited. The Seven Satellites Planetary realm had at most seven new power stars. If he wasted one, he would have one less powerful ability.

He had condensed the quantum dimensional chain into a star just to store more things. If a student did such a thing in the Spiritual Race, they would be whipped into a bloody calabash by the teacher.

What a waste!

However, Xu Tui still spent more than an hour condensing the quantum dimensional chain into a quantum dimensional nova.

Xu Tui had condensed the quantum dimensional chain into a quantum dimensional nova because he wanted to store more things. It was very convenient to store things in the space of the quantum dimensional chain.

Of course, Xu Tui had also thought it through. He did not purely want to store something to condense the quantum dimensional chain into a star.

Currently, the Blue Star or Huaxia’s genetic evolution cultivation system needed pioneers. For example, the main planet of mind power.

Previously, no one dared to train it. It would be a useless star if it was forged. However, Xu Tui proved that the main planet of mind power was not a useless star. Furthermore, its combat strength was very strong. It even had a wider future.

Currently, under Cai Shaochu’s guidance, two quasi-planetary experts have condensed into the main mind power planet. One of them had already broken through to the Planetary realm. They had also found the reality characteristic force field of the main planet of mind power on them. It could be said that this was a universal but powerful force field.

In the future, when their mind power increased to a certain extent, they would be able to unleash a powerful effect on the battlefield.

Another example was the Time Distortion Nova. Xu Tui had thought that the Time Distortion Nova, which was condensed from the genetic ability chain of super reaction speed, was a useless star. He was about to give up.

But what was the result? When he increased the Time Distortion Nova to six star halos, the extremely awesome characteristic of the Time Deceleration appeared.

Why was it said that the Time Deceleration was extremely awesome?

This was because in the previous tests, this Time Deceleration was the only ability that Xu Tui could not be affected by the power of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm that Shang Long had used.

Other abilities would be weakened or affected when facing the power of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. However, only the Time Distortion Nova’s Time Deceleration was as usual.

Even the power of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses obediently slowed down when they entered this range.

However, if Xu Tui had not insisted, this ability characteristic would not have appeared.

Xu Tui had the same thoughts now. What if other new abilities appeared in the quantum dimensional nova after continuous strengthening?

In that case, Xu Tui would have contributed greatly. Actually, he had also had such thoughts when he condensed the instantiation, energy teleportation, spiritual resonance, and Spiritual Concealment.

Xu Tui did not need these seemingly supportive new stars to develop new

abilities. He only needed one or two of them to develop new abilities and he would succeed.

Develop!

This was actually a historical mission that Xu Tui, Shang Long, Cai Shaochu, and Erera naturally carried out. There were some things that needed to be done.

Before he broke through, Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain was about three meters long, wide, and tall because of the increase in his mind power and his previous cultivation of the inner chain.

The total capacity was 27 cubic meters. Of course, to a certain extent, the length, width, and height could be changed according to Xu Tui’s will.

For example, it was five meters long, two meters tall, and 1.7 meters wide. Before he broke through, Xu Tui’s hope was that he would be able to accommodate an Aerospace Combat Jet after he condensed his star. He could use it in emergencies.

If not, he would settle for the next best thing. He could accommodate one to two partially dismantled Aerospace Combat Jets. The condensation of the quantum dimensional chain was completed. It was a one star halo.

Xu Tui felt his quantum dimensional space tremble slightly. In the next moment, his mind power entered the quantum dimensional space through the quantum dimensional nova. There were not many surprises.

After condensing the star, the size of the quantum dimensional space had increased. It was similar to his guess, but it did not meet his expectations.

Xu Tui’s expectations were that it would be best if it could directly accommodate an Aerospace Combat Jet. However, in reality, after condensing the star, the space of the mid-stage of the first star halo had only doubled.

It increased from 27 cubic meters to 60 cubic meters.

It was about five meters long, wide, and tall. It was not enough to accommodate a finished Aerospace Combat Jet, but it was not a problem to accommodate a partially dismantled Aerospace Combat Jet.

However, Xu Tui did not stop cultivating. He continued to cultivate in the extremely dense Origin Energy base on Planet Peach. At the same time, he used Origin Crystals to cultivate.

The Longevity Emperor of the South Pole and the other seals even gathered the energy from all directions, causing the energy of Planet Peach’s cultivation base to reach an astonishing new height.

Two hours later, Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional star was cultivated to the second level. The increase in the size of the space made Xu Tui a little disappointed again. It was not that it had doubled on the foundation of the first star halo. Instead, it had increased by about 50%.

After the quantum dimensional nova broke through to the second level, the capacity of the quantum dimensional space increased to about 80 cubic meters.

It was about eight meters long, five meters wide, and two meters tall. It still could not accommodate one Aerospace Combat Jet. However, it should be able to accommodate two of the dismantled Aerospace Combat Jets.

He continued to cultivate. Eight hours later, the quantum dimensional nova was cultivated to the third level of the star halo.

The capacity of the quantum dimensional space had increased to 120 cubic meters. It was about ten meters long, two meters wide, and five meters tall. At this size, after folding the wings of the Aerospace Combat Jet, it could barely fit an Aerospace Combat Jet. It could hold three to four of the dismantled Aerospace Combat Jets.

At this rate, if he cultivated the quantum dimensional nova to the fourth level, the size of the quantum dimensional space would increase to 180 cubic meters. At that time, it should not be a problem to accommodate two Aerospace Combat Jets.

However, Xu Tui stopped cultivating. Firstly, strengthening a new power star from the third to the fourth star halo required more than twice the Origin

Energy than before. More importantly, according to Ah Huang’s feedback, Xu Tui’s cultivation just now seemed to have affected the overall concentration of energy on Planet Peach.

He used the power of these Star Officials’ seals to mobilize the energy of the entire Planet Peach to Cultivation Base 1.

It allowed the energy concentration of Cultivation Base 1 to reach more than 30 after cooperating with the energy gathering array. Coupled with the melting of the Origin Crystal, it supported Xu Tui’s strengthening from the first to the third star halo after he condensed the quantum dimensional nova.

However, Ah Huang reported that the concentration of energy in cultivation bases No. 2, No. 3, and No. 4 on Planet Peach, including the other dozen or so places with rich energy, was constantly decreasing. Some places had decreased by 50%.

Xu Tui stopped cultivating after he thought about it.

Don’t bring disaster to Planet Peach. He would use the terrifying gathering of Origin Energy and abilities of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole, as well as his predatory cultivation on other planets if he had the chance.

He had to save a cultivation holy land like Planet Peach for the Blue Star Elites.

In Ah Huang’s subsequent monitoring report, the concentration of energy on Planet Peach was slowly recovering. However, it might take a month to return to its previous state.

Xu Tui understood.

It was worth mentioning that Xu Tui tried to use the other new stars to enhance the quantum dimensional nova, but he realized that the power of the other new stars could not enhance the quantum dimensional nova.

Perhaps it was because space needed stability. But the power of the quantum dimensional new star could increase the power of the other new stars.

This was a new discovery.

However, when would supportive new stars like the quantum dimensional nova, the instantiation nova, and the spiritual resonance appear? What kind of new ability would appear?

As he pondered, Xu Tui slowly stood up and gave an order through Ah Huang. “Ah Huang, inform all the members of the expedition team to gather!”

The Planet X expedition was about to begin!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1