Chapter 1597 - 1597: Capturing Planet X And The Nine Satellites Reinforcements (3)

Chapter 1597 - 1597: Capturing Planet X and the Nine Satellites Reinforcements (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Lang Heng, tell that old bastard Shui Zhi that if he doesn’t come within five minutes, he’ll have to wait to collect my corpse!” As Huo Qi spoke, he waved his hand and threw out a small flag. The Fire Flag instantly turned into a fire screen that enveloped Huo Qi’s mental body. It was as if it had covered Huo Qi’s mental body with armor.

The attacks of Little Six, Kitawan, Wen Xinglun, and the other Planetary realm powerhouses landed on the Fire Flag for a moment, but the mental body of the Huo Qi was fine. The might of Huo Qi’s mental body rose again. It activated a fire dragon and qwent toward Xll Tili

However, this fire dragon was much weaker than before.

Xu Tui was shocked. He pushed An Xiaoxue and Yanzi away and let the two of them dodge to the side. He would be the target of the fire dragon. Before the fire dragon could reach him, he teleported and disappeared.

Xu Tui could only curse in his heart. This Nine Satellites was really difficult to kill.

In reality, Huo Qi had more curses in his heart than Xu Tui. He was a dignified outer elder of the Spiritual Race and a Nine Satellites. However, he was instantly killed by a little guy like Xu Tui. It was simply…

He had lived half his life and killed countless people. He also had many life-saving treasures. However, Xu Tui’s killing move just now had made him unable to use a life-saving treasure. He felt as aggrieved as he could.

As the Huo Qi’s mental body counterattacked, the situation reversed.

However, Huo Qi, who only had a mental body, was clearly much weaker. The essence or origin power characteristics of the Ni were much weaker.

Moreover, every attack from Little Six, Kitawan, Wen Xinglun, and the others reduced the fire flag protecting him.

It could be foreseen that Huo Qi, who only had a mental body, would not be able to last long.

Far away, Lang Heng also used all kinds of methods. “Lord Huo Qi, hold on a little longer. Elder Shui Zhi will be here soon.”

The impact of the death of Huo Qi was too great. Once Huo Qi died here, Elder Shui Zhi would probably be blamed.

Lang Heng had already informed Ceres Star.

Huo Qi noticed Yanzi. Xu Tui ordered Yanzi to retreat quickly. While she was far away from the range of Huo Qi’s attack, he looked at Yanzi and said, “You’re from our Spiritual Race. Why do you look so familiar?”

Previously, no one had noticed Yanzi. Now that Huo Qi had spoken, Lang Heng immediately cursed, “Yanzi! It was the missing Yanzi of my race! Traitor! You were indeed a traitor as Lei Zhen had said! Yanzi, you actually dare to be a traitor. Aren’t you afraid of implicating your grandfather?”

Yanzi did not say a word about this. She was very smart. She had rushed forward because she was worried about Xu Tui. Now, she had retreated far away from the battlefield.

“So it’s Yanzi. I didn’t expect you to be a traitor when we met again.” Huo Qi was still extremely restrained. However, he also had extremely rich combat experience. He gave up on chasing after Xu Tui after Xu Tui dodged him with his teleportation.

Now that he had lost his physical body and his strength had decreased, he could not fight for a long time. Therefore, he had to quickly resolve the current situation in a short period of time.

In the next moment, Huo Qi chose to attack Little Six and the others. This time, when the fire dragon swept over, Little Six and the others, who had already formed a defensive array, were safe and sound. They continued to attack Huo Qi with long-range energy.

Of course, the reason why they were safe and sound was also because Huo Qi had lost his physical strength.

Huo Qi frowned. He could only turn around and attack Wen Xinglun, who had caused him the most damage.

Wen Xinglun was a lightning-type supernatural being with Three Satellites, but he had the combat strength of the Four Satellites, especially his lightning-type attacks. They were extremely powerful. He had to be careful with every attack.

Otherwise, his strength would be greatly reduced again if he was hit. As Huo Qi turned to attack Wen Xinglun and the others, the situation became chaotic again. Among the three of Ullr, Cadron had been seriously injured previously. Now that he had gathered with Anlevich, he could barely restrain him.

Ruan Tianzuo, Li Qingping, Ganjiv, and Masayoshi Zhongsheng were able to resist the crazy Lang Heng.

Lang Heng, a Seven Satellites, had actually erupted with the combat strength of an Eight Satellites. It was very powerful. For a moment, no one could control Huo Qi’s mental body. In a few seconds, a Three Satellites Planetary realm from the American Sector was turned to ashes.

Xu Tui was extremely anxious. But it was not because of Huo Qi. It was only a matter of time before Huo Qi was killed.

Xu Tui was anxious about the reinforcements. They were reinforcements from the Fire Origin Palace. From what he had heard just now, it could be seen that the reinforcements of the Fire Origin Palace were already on their way. And this reinforcement, with Huo Qi being injured, might be the strongest person in the Spiritual Race in the solar system—Shui Zhi.

Xu Tui did not know how strong Shui Zhi was, but according to Shang Long, Shui Zhi was the strongest Planetary realm powerhouse he had ever seen. He was definitely stronger than most of the Nine Satellites.

Although Xu Tui had already made arrangements before the attack and asked Shang Long to attack the Fire Origin Palace at the same time, this posture might not be able to restrain Shui Zhi.

This was because the Spiritual Race had full control over Fire Origin Palace.

They did not need Shui Zhi. They only needed Chi Jing to control the Fire Origin Palace to defend with all their might. Unless Shang Long attacked without regard for sacrifice, he would not be able to threaten the Fire Origin Palace.

In other words, it was very likely that Shui Zhi, the strongest Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert, would come to help Planet X. If Shui Zhi came to help, how could they deal with him?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1