Chapter 1591 - 1591: Complete Submission

Chapter 1591 - 1591: Complete Submission

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the beginning, Xu Tui had used his ferocious might and the power of the Huaxia Swordsman, Shang Long, to forcefully gather the Worldly Demon Slayers.

However, this fusion was external. As long as this deterrence relaxed, the group would disperse.

Two months after it was established, Xu Tui began to fuse the Worldly Demon Slayers from the inside through one benefit after another.

For example, if they obtained the core of the quantum teleportation array at a lower price, they could buy the Energy Gathering Array from Xu Tui at a half-benefits price. They could also send elite disciples to Planet Peach to cultivate and obtain the guidance of Shang Long and Erera. The entire extra-terrestrial transportation trading system and internal strife were unanimously reduced.

In the past, half of the strength of the extra-terrestrial teams on the Blue Star was actually used for internal defense. Now, most of it was used against the outside world. Other than guarding against the Myth Independent Demon

Slayer Team at key points, they were basically united against the outside world.

All kinds of benefits and common interests had already firmly fused the extra-terrestrial forces of the Blue Star like glue. To put it bluntly, only benefits could last forever. It was also because of this that Xu Tui’s orders passed through the extra-terrestrial without any obstruction. His execution speed could be said to be perfect.

After Xu Tui gave the order to gather on Planet X, all the members participating in the battle gathered on Planet Peach in just two hours. Including The Myth Ullr.

However, Ullr was clearly more afraid of death. Or rather, he was afraid of the enemy and Xu Tui. He had brought over the two lightning-type supernatural beings of the Seven Satellites that he had brought out from the small universe of the Heavenly Court.

Xu Tui welcomed this. Two Seven Satellites lightning-type supernatural beings were very useful in actual combat. He was afraid that Ullr would not have the guts to attack him.

“I’m ready.” A refreshing and crisp voice sounded behind Xu Tui. An Xiaoxue had brought Yanzi over.

Yanzi had already changed into the armor of the Six Satellites that Xu Tui had brought out of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. After all, Yanzi was still at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm and had not broken through to the Planetary realm. This armor was for Yanzi to save her life at the critical moment.

Yanzi, who was wearing golden armor, had a tall figure of nearly two meters. She looked exceptionally heroic.

Xu Tui frowned and looked at An Xiaoxue and Yanzi. “Where are Lang Ju and Lang Biao? Why haven’t I seen them?”

Back then, Lang Ju and Lang Biao, the two Spiritual Race’s members, had also surrendered with Yanzi. However, other than normal cultivation, Xu Tui had not given these two people much cultivation resources over the years. They were only quasi-planetary experts. Their presence was relatively weak.

However, this expedition to Planet X was also their only chance to return to their home planet.

“They’re outside the door. Let them talk to you,” An Xiaoxue said.

A few seconds later, Lang Ju and Lang Biao came in to see Xu Tui. They all had worried expressions.

“What’s wrong with you? It’s not easy for you to get a chance to go home. Why aren’t you going back?”

Lang Ju and Lang Biao looked at each other. In the end, Lang Ju said, “We don’t

clare to return.”

“You don’t dare?”

“Commander, if it were our clansmen who suddenly returned safely after being captured by the enemy for several years, how would they be treated?” Lang Ju asked.

“This… is also a problem.” Xu Tui looked at Yanzi.

“Yanzi is different from us. Yanzi’s grandfather is an elder of the Sanctuary, and he’s from the inner hall. He can protect Yanzi no matter what. We…” Lang Ju and Lang Biao smiled bitterly. “So, Commander, we still want to stay and not return.”

“You’re not going back?”

“I don’t dare to think about what will happen after we go back… So,

Commander, we won’t go back. We’ll stay here and work for you,” Lang Ju said.

This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to be in a difficult position. As the saying went, those who were not of the same race would definitely have different intentions.

Yanzi often interacted with Xu Tui’s mental body. So he knew Yanzi very well. However, he was very worried about Lang Ju and Lang Biao, the two Spiritual Race members, staying in his family.

They would be two time bombs when they fought the Spiritual Race in the future.

“Then we have to have a good chat.” Xu Tui gestured for An Xiaoxue and Yanzi to leave.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui, Lang Ju, and Lang Biao came to an agreement. It was fine if they did not return. They could continue to work for Xu Tui’s Worldly Demon Slayers. However, because of their race, they had to accept some restrictions.

Xu Tui had discussed this with them very clearly. If they could accept it, they would stay. If they could not, they would have to leave. He would not have dared to leave two time bombs with him.

The first was to release his mental body and accept the high-intensity Spiritual Shackles that Xu Tui had personally used. Actually, it was a cumulative spiritual hint under advanced hypnosis using abilities like spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, and Spiritual Concealment. His subconscious and self-consciousness were strengthened.

Xu Tui’s current mind power was very powerful. His main planet of mind power was at the mid-stage of the seventh-level star halo. Under the enhancement of all the new stars, it could reach the late-stage of the eighth-level star halo.

This was how terrifying it was for Xu Tui to have 13 new stars. The enhancement effect brought about by the various new stars was enough to increase his strength by a large amount.

With such powerful mind power, coupled with the fact that Xu Tui had condensed his spiritual resonance and Spiritual Concealment into a new star, an ordinary Nine Satellites Planetary realm would not be able to break the Spiritual Shackles that Xu Tui had cast.

Other than that, Xu Tui also planted a mental mark seed that could explode at any time in Lang Ju and Lang Biao’s mental bodies. This way, Xu Tui could rest assured even if the two of them stayed in the Blue Star for a long time.

He had completely subdued these two people.

However, Xu Tui suddenly changed his mind after he was done with the two measures. He wanted these two people to participate in this expedition.

“I might be able to borrow your identities and appearances, but you don’t have to participate in the battle. Your safety shouldn’t be a problem,” Xu Tui said.

Lang Ju, who was relatively smart, said bitterly, “Commander, are you asking us to participate in the battle to show allegiance?”

Xu Tui was stunned. Lang Ju had not stayed in the Worldly Demon Slayers for two to three years in vain. At the very least, he had learned a lot about Huaxia culture. He even knew about the allegiance.

“You can understand it that way! I won’t force you to kill your kind, but I can use your identities. Of course, if you are willing to do this, you will be able to obtain all kinds of treatment as a true member of the Worldly Group in the future. Yes, we’re on the same side,” Xu Tui said.

“I’m willing.” Lang Ju thought about it for a moment and decided.

“I’m willing too.”

At 10 a.m. on the 14th of October, the year 2140 of the Blue Star Calendar, the expedition team of Planet X that Xu Tui had organized entered the cosmic tunnel from the cosmic tunnel node of Planet Peach in the form of a small phalanx. They quickly headed to another cosmic tunnel node.

What was more eye-catching was that Li Qingping, Zhao Hailong, Anrevich, Yin Ba, and the other people from the Extreme Branch or those with strong physiques who were dual cultivated with supernatural abilities were each carrying an Aerospace Combat Jet.

Those that are not from the Extreme Branch could carry it. However, it was still a little difficult for him as he had to use his supernatural abilities. There were a total of eight aircrafts with a crew of four to ten people.

In any case, it was fine if there were more. What if it was damaged?

In the cosmic tunnel, a group of people quickly advanced. A few lightning-type supernatural beings kept flashing and jumping, guarding the surroundings. There were also three Planetary realm experts with powerful mind power who kept using their mind power to erase the traces of the cosmic tunnel.

Although it could not be completely eliminated, it could erase large traces and make tracking more difficult.

Ceres Star, Planet Kono, and the other planets also secretly entered a state of vigilance.

The cosmic tunnel node that led to the discrete disc area of the solar system was relatively far. Everyone walked for a full hour in the cosmic tunnel before they arrived at the cosmic tunnel node.

A Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector contacted them first. Five minutes later, everyone entered this planet. This planet had already been developed as a resource planet by the European Sector. The temperature was very low and the environment was extremely harsh.

They could basically confirm that this asteroid was Eris Star.

After making preliminary telemetry, the technological observation equipment that had been urgently transported could confirm that Eris Star was less than an astronomical unit and 100 million kilometers away from Planet X.

According to the speed of the Aerospace Combat Jet, it will take about a month to reach

“Set off in a flying formation. Flagship Number 001, set off!”

At 12 0’clock on the 14th of October, the eight flying formations that were expeditioning to Planet X set off. The flying was handed over to the super artificial intelligence computer, Ah Huang. This could avoid all kinds of accidents in space to the greatest extent. It would also allow the fighter jet to operate at a reasonable speed.

Three years ago, the maximum flying speed of the Aerospace Combat Jet was 85 Mach. In reality, it could fly for a long time at 75 Mach. (1 Mach = 1,238 kilometers.)

In the past three years, as they had completely obtained the technology of the Mechanical Spirit Race, as well as a portion of the materials and energy conversion technology of the Great Xi Clan, the Blue Star’s Aerospace Combat Jet had continued to reproduce.

The advancement of war technology was always the fastest. It greatly increased the speed and carrying speed of the Aerospace Combat Jet. Currently, the theoretical maximum flying speed of the Aerospace Combat Jet could reach Mach 140. The maximum speed of a safe flight in the universe for a long time was 110 to 130 Mach.

Less than an hour after the flight began, Xu Tui received Ah Huang’s report.

“Commander, the current flying speed of the fighter jet fleet has reached Mach 128. They will continue to cruise at this speed in the future. They are expected to arrive at the target star sector in 25 and 3 hours.”

After Xu Tui synchronized Ah Huang’s report to the various fighter jets, he

gave an order, “The Planetary realm experts will take turns to deal with any unexpected situations. The others can take the opportunity to cultivate. 25 hours would be a wonderful time to increase everyone’s cultivation. Good luck. ”

After ending the communication, Xu Tui did not start cultivating immediately. Instead, he continued to communicate secretly. “Lieutenant Wei, are there any problems with The Myth?”

“We haven’t found any problems at the moment. I speculate that there shouldn’t be any problems if you bring them with you,” Wei Bin said.

Actually, this was also the fundamental reason why Xu Tui had specially called Ullr over to participate in the battle. No matter what, he had to be wary of The Myth.

“Ah Huang, monitor all the signals and situations on the side of the Myth’s members. Report any abnormalities at any time.” After giving the order, Xu Tui took out his Origin Crystal and began to cultivate..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1