Chapter 1599 - 1599: The Survival Path Of The Expedition In Desperation (1)

Chapter 1599 - 1599: The Survival Path of the Expedition in Desperation (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the battle of attacking Planet X, he killed the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse Spiritual Race, Huo Qi, and the Eight Satellites, earth-element Planetary realm powerhouse, Kun Yuan. The nephew of the Spiritual Race’s main elder, Lang Heng, escaped and was nowhere to be found.

Under Lang Heng, no one from the Spiritual Race survived. Other than that, there were also two Five Satellites, three Four Satellites,five Three Satellites, eight One and Two Satellites, and 20 quasi-planetaries.

It was a great victory.

Under Xu Tui’s lead, the Planet X Expeditionary Force attacked with their superior military strength. They only paid the price of a Three Satellites to die in battle to obtain this great victory. However, three Planetary realm experts were seriously injured and lost their combat strength. Seven others were injured.

This battle could be said to be the first battle since the establishment of the Worldly Demon Slayers. Their battle merits were brilliant. Other than the fact that Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had joined forces and unexpectedly killed the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Huo Qi, it could be considered an accident.

Actually, the other results were expected. In terms of strength, the expeditionary army led by Xu Tui crushed the garrison of Planet X.

There were as many as 36 Planetary realm powerhouses in the Planet X Expeditionary Force. Moreover, Xu Tui had planned to lure out a third of the garrison on Planet X to kill them from the beginning.

If not for the appearance of Huo Qi, the Nine Satellites, this would have been a crushing victory.

Fortunately, Xu Tui’s foreign body teleportation and An Xiaoxue’s cooperation had killed Huo Qi. It was still a huge victory.

However, the arrival of reinforcements cast a heavy shadow on this victory. Xu Tui stood in front of the entrance of a fortress-like underground base on Planet X. As he recovered his mind power, he sensed it extremely.

From the depths of this base, he could sense obvious quantum teleportation fluctuations. If there were reinforcements, they would definitely come out of this underground base.

“Ah Huang, how is it?” Xu Tui urged.

Technology could greatly increase the convenience of life. Even though the cultivation of the Spiritual Race was more focused on supernatural beings, they still relied on technology to a certain extent.

For example, artificial intelligence quantum computers. It could save a lot of manpower and complicated labor. The Spiritual Race’s base on Planet X had an artificial intelligence computer as the command center. At this moment, Ah Huang’s mission was to invade it.

The Spiritual Race had done a good job in data defense. However, no matter how powerful the data defense was, it was still possible to hack through the hardware.

“Twenty seconds. Just give me another twenty seconds. Be fast! ”

Xu Tui had an anxious expression as he absorbed the Soul Crystal with all his might. Although the Soul Crystal recovered mind power very quickly, it would take at least an hour for Xu Tui’s mind power to recover to more than 80%.

However, Xu Tui might only have a few minutes left.

This was especially so for the reinforcements that were about to come out of the ground. Xu Tui would not be afraid if they were below the Nine Satellites.

He had Ullr and his subordinates, Li Qingping, Ruan Tianzuo and the others, as well as him, who had recovered a little of his power assisting from the side. Even if an extremely powerful Planetary realm Eight Satellites came, Xu Tui would be able to kill him with so many people.

There were many people, so there was strength.

However, numbers were useless in front of Nine Satellites.

To put it simply, before the Nine Satellites, everyone had fought with knives or rifles. However, the Planetary realm powerhouses who had broken through to the Nine Satellites were like AKs. They were simply swept away.

Actually, many people were actually useful in front of the Nine Satellites.

However, the prerequisite was that one or two people could withstand Nine Satellites’ attacks head-on.

After all, Nine Satellites was not invincible. However, Xu Tui no longer had any Planetary realm powerhouses who could hold back Nine Satellites head-on. If the reinforcements were really the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, then most of the people in the Planet X expeditionary army would probably die in battle.

Therefore, the first priority now was to destroy the quantum teleportation channel and stop the reinforcements from coming.

“According to the quantum fluctuations underground, this should be a quantum teleportation channel that is being activated. In other words, they should have set up a set of quantum array cores here previously, but it’s only a semi-finished product and has not been completely activated. At this moment, because of the crisis, it was temporarily activated as a reinforcement channel.” Yanzi was an expert in this area. After sensing it, she gave an answer.

Xu Tui, who had also studied quantum teleportation channels, immediately understood when Yanzi said that.

This was because the solidified quantum teleportation channel was actually solidified into the ley lines of the current planet. The upper limit of the number of quantum teleportation channels that each planet could withstand was not high.

It depended on the size, quality, and number of ley lines.

This was because once there were too many of them, not only would the ley lines not be able to support it, but it would also easily cause interference between the channels and become unstable if there were too many solidified quantum teleportation channels.

Planet X in front of him had already solidified three quantum teleportation channels. One of them was a quantum teleportation channel that crossed galaxies. It could not solidify the fourth quantum teleportation channel.

However, because of its importance, the Spiritual Race had set up another half-formed quantum teleportation channel for emergency support. When they needed it, they only needed to invest a large number of Origin Crystals to activate it. Usually, they would be able to complete the activation and teleport support in five to ten minutes.

As long as it was completely activated, reinforcements would arrive in 30 seconds to a minute at most.

Currently, the quantum teleportation channel underground is still in the process of being activated..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1