Chapter 1593 - 1593: Encountering The Nine Satellites Expert

Chapter 1593 - 1593: Encountering the Nine Satellites Expert

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Commander, the other planet has already contacted us and asked us to wait on the spot. They will send a combat team to receive us and verify our identities.” Lang Ju immediately informed Xu Tui after he received a response from Planet

x.

Lang Ju was very nervous.

After all, his strength was only in the quasi-planetary realm. With a Four Satellites Planetary realm, Yin Liu,by his side, his true combat strength was not much. If Xu Tui had not given him something that could save his life, he would have started to tremble. He was afraid of death!

“Continue forward. Don’t stop approaching Planet X until they deal with your team. Also, be more agitated and try your best to hide our battleship team,” Xu Tui ordered. “Don’t worry. I’m here. I guarantee that you won’t die. Didn’t you see it before?” Xu Tui increased Lang Ju’s confidence.

Lang Ju felt a little relieved when he thought about the abilities that Xu Tui had displayed previously. He continued to communicate with the people on Planet

x.

In less than five seconds, a ball of light soared into the sky from Planet X. Yin Liu immediately sent a message to Xu Tui and the others.

“Commander, according to the preliminary detection, there are at least six Planetary realm experts and at least one Five Satellites Planetary realm expert.” Yin Liu did not dare to probe too much. He only gave Xu Tui a rough distance.

“Alright, when they discover the disguised fleet, I need you to stall for three to five seconds.” After Xu Tui gave the order, the fleet disguised as a meteorite followed Lang Ju and the others a thousand miles away and quickly approached Planet X.

Thirty seconds later, the special combat team that came out of Planet X had already surrounded Lang Ju, Lang Biao, and Yin Liu Two of them were at the Five Satellites Planetary realm, one was at the Four Satellites, two were at the Three Satellites, and two were at the Two Satellites. The lineup was very powerful.

If Xu Tui had not been famous enough, Lang Ju and Lang Biao’s legs would have trembled. The deterrence of the Five Satellites Planetary realm was not for show.

The leader of Planet X was a member of the Spiritual Race called Tie Song. He came from the Gold Sect, which was a branch of the Spiritual Race. He was a dual cultivator of the Extreme Branch and the Supernatural Branch. He was also the most powerful close-range warrior in the Spiritual Race.

Tie Song was extremely huge. He was 2.5 meters tall, making him look like a small mountain. He was extremely intimidating.

However, Tie Song’s attention was all on Yin Liu.

Although Lang Ju and Lang Biao were from the Spiritual Race, they were quasi-planetary experts. They did not have much of a deterrent. Instead, they paid a lot of attention to the vassal race, Yin Liu, the Four Satellites.

“Alright, don’t resist. Wear these Power Shackles. After you return with us, as long as there are no problems with your identity verification, you will be free.” Tie Song stared at Yin Liu with his huge eyes and shook the Power Shackles in his hand.

“Alright, alright, alright,” Lang Ju and the other two agreed. Yin Liu quickly responded, but he did not immediately disperse his energy.

Tie Song suddenly received an urgent message from Planet X. “Attention, there are eight meteors in front of you that are rushing towards you. Their trajectories are a little strange. Be careful.”

“Meteorite?” Tie Song could not help but look into the distant universe. In the distant universe, eight dim balls of light were rushing over at high speed. If he did not pay attention, he might not be able to discover it.

Yin LIU suaaen1Y said, “51rs, 1 Know wnat’s gomg on witn tnat meteorite.” “What happened?” Tie Song looked at Yin Liu in confusion.

“Before we came, we passed by a very strange planet. This meteorite came from there.”

“A strange planet? A meteorite that came from there? How is that strange?” Perhaps it was because of his disdain for the vassals, or perhaps it was because of Tie Song’s laxity, but he had fallen into Yin Liu’s simple verbal trap.

Almost at the same time, a shrill alarm sounded in Tie Song’s ears. “Be careful. A large number of energy fluctuations have been discovered in the meteorite. It might be the enemy.”

“Enemies?” Almost at the same time that Tie Song was shocked by the alarm, something suddenly changed in front of him. A figure suddenly appeared beside them.

“Yes, that’s right. I am the enemy.”

The moment Xu Tui’s voice sounded, the Huashan Divine Seal instantly appeared. It turned into a mountain and blasted toward Tie Song and the others. A huge mountain actually enveloped the six Planetary realm experts led by Tie Song. Under the terrifying aura, the six of them resisted with all their might and bombarded the mountain.

The six of them managed to block Xu Tui’s Huashan Divine Seal. A cold star instantly exploded in front of Xu Tui.

Frost Nova.

A cold light exploded. Four Satellites, Three Satellites, and the two Two Satellites were instantly frozen into ice sculptures. Although Tie Song and the other Five Satellites were not frozen, they were affected. Under the invasion of the cold air, their movements were affected.

With two snaps of his fingers, the ice seal was like a bag, sealing Tie Song and the other Five Satellites into ice on the spot. At the side, Yin Liu quickly added fuel to the fire. The energy that he had gathered accurately passed through the Planetary realm’s head.

Six Planetary realm experts died in the blink of an eye.

Yin Liu had been through many battles like this. However, Lang Ju and Lang Biao, who had been brought out by Xu Tui for the first time, were inexplicably shocked. No matter how much Xu Tui had demonstrated previously, it was not as shocking as an actual battle.

In the blink of an eye, two Five Satellites Planetary realms had died in battle.

Killing the Five Satellites Planetary realm was as easy as killing a chicken. Was Commander Xu Tui already that strong?

Ordinary Seven Satellites Planetary realm were not that strong, right?

Ordinary Seven Satellites Planetary realm were indeed not that strong. Xu Tui was not an ordinary Seven Satellites Planetary realm. Under the enhancement of the 13 new stars, the star halos of his main planet had reached the late-stage of the eighth star halo.

To put it bluntly, many of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm experts did not have mind power that was stronger than Xu Tui’s.

Xu Tui’s main planet was based on mind power. Moreover, the temperature in space was minus 270 degrees. In such an environment, it was better than a blizzard domain. It was too easy to freeze a Five Satellites Planetary realm with an ice seal.

“Fighter jets, cruising. Everyone, attack Planet X in a battle array!” After dealing with this combat team, Xu Tui waved his hand. The experts of the expeditionary army left the cabin and turned into streams of light. They were like a sharp arrow that charged toward Planet X with Xu Tui as the point.

At the same time, alarms rang in the base of Planet X.

“Humans of the Blue Star have been discovered!”

“A Planetary realm aura has been discovered. There are more than 20 of them.

The exact number is unknown.”

“Four Planetary realm auras of the Seven Satellites have been discovered…”

One after another, alarms were sent to the commander, Bing Wei. The adjutant looked flustered, but Bing Wei was not calm at all.

“Slr, qmcKIY ask Elder snul zm ror nelP! ‘rnere are tour seven satellites Planetary Realms!”

Bing Wei stared at the adjutant. “It will take them at least five minutes to reach the planet. Why are you panicking? Order all the combatants to get into position. Report this information to Elder Shui Zhi of Ceres Star. He will decide how many reinforcements to send!”

After saying that, Bing Wei straightened his military uniform and stood up to leave the Command Hall. The adjutant was anxious. “Sir, you…”

“Have you forgotten that the Lord is our greatest reliance? Otherwise, do you think that Lord would stay with us for a month to ensure the safety of this tunnel?”

The adjutant instantly heaved a sigh of relief when he heard Bing Wei mention that lord. In his anxiety just now, he had forgotten about that lord.

In space, the expeditionary army led by Xu Tui charged into the atmosphere of Planet X in a formation. He slowed down slightly when he rushed into the atmosphere.

When it rushed into the atmosphere, Ah Huang had already sent over the remote sensing map of this planet. There were more than a dozen bases of various sizes, but most of them were mineral bases. It was easy to judge that it was a fortress-like base.

“Split up and defend with all your might!”

Previously, Xu Tui had asked Lang Ju and the others to be the vanguard of the special landing team to disperse the enemy’s strength and weaken it first. They had killed six Planetary realm experts in the early stages, so there should not be many Planetary realm experts guarding Planet X.

Xu Tui estimated that there would not be more than ten of them. In that case, there was a possibility of taking down Planet X without any damage. The only thing Xu Tui needed to consider was reinforcements.

Reinforcements from Ceres Star.

There should be at least a quantum teleportation channel to the Fire Origin Palace on Planet X.

In the Fire Origin Palace, the main elder of the Spiritual Race, Shui Zhi, suddenly stood up.

“What, Planet X was attacked?” After pondering for a second, Shui Zhi suddenly ordered, “Kun Yuan, you and Lang Heng head to Planet X to provide support immediately.”

Kun Yuan was an expert that the Spiritual Race had secretly gathered through the intergalactic tunnel of Planet X and Planet Y in the past few months. He was an Eight Satellites earth-element.

Originally, the teleportation efficiency of Planet X and Planet Y, which were intergalactic quantum teleportation channels, was very low. However, ever since the Origin Domain seal was lifted, the high-temperature fire screen of the solar system had further loosened.

Previously, the Muyas’ holy power tunnel had triggered the Sun Guardian of the solar system, further weakening the sealing power of the solar system. Unknowingly, it greatly benefited the Spiritual Race.

This greatly increased the efficiency of the Spiritual Race’s intergalactic quantum teleportation channel. An expert could be teleported over every few days.

The Spiritual Race was not in a hurry to erupt. Instead, they secretly accumulated strength. When they were almost done, they would be able to complete the Holy Ancestor’s decree by flattening the Blue Star.

He did not expect the experts of the Blue Star to touch Planet X.

Planet X was important, but so was the Fire Origin Palace of Ceres Star. As soon as he gave the order to support, Shui Zhi immediately gave the second order.

“Chi Jing, mobilize the power of the Fire Origin Palace with all your might. You will seal the passageway of the Fire Origin Palace. If the power of the Blue Star attacks, we will activate the defense of the Fire Origin Palace.”

Chi Jing, who had rushed over, immediately accepted the order. However, he asked in confusion, “Elder, are you personally supporting Planet X?” “I still have to observe. What if this is the Blue Star’s plan to lure the tiger away? Order Bing Wei of Planet X to immediately activate the third quantum teleportation channel between Planet X and the Fire Origin Palace. Based on the situation, we can send reinforcements at any time!”

At the same time that Shui Zhi gave the order, Shang Long’s sword light suddenly soared into the sky and brought a group of people towards the Fire Origin Palace.

As for Xu Tui, he had also brought the expeditionary army to the sky above the Spiritual Race base on Planet X. They were five kilometers away from the Spiritual Race base.

In order to prevent himself from being focused on, Xu Tui had already activated eight layers of the Vajra Barrier. The outermost layer of the Vajra Barrier was also enhanced with the power of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

This was not the time to be stingy.

“The others, slow down. Li Qingping and I will lead the way. Ullr, attack from the side.”

“Roger that!”

Four kilometers!

Three kilometers!

The Spiritual Race’s base did not have many technological armaments.

Two kilometers away, Xu Tui’s two divine seals, Mount Hua and Mount Heng, had already begun to dance above his head. They were ready to attack at any time. The power of the Mountain Seal after the fusion of the two great divine seals had long far exceeded that of the three-phase nuclear bomb. It was the best attack.

One kilometer!

Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal was about to blast down the moment he reached a kilometer. Almost at the same time, a fire dragon meandered into the sky from the base below. It pounced over at a high temperature from a kilometer away.

However, the terrifying thing was not the high temperature. Instead, it was the unique aura contained in the fire dragon.

Xu Tui, Li Qingping, Ullr, and Anlevich, who had received Shang Long’s personal guidance, exclaimed at the same time.

“Nine Satellites! It has the power of Nine Satellites!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1