Chapter 1598 - 1598: Capturing Planet X And The Nine Satellites Reinforcements (4)

Chapter 1598 - 1598: Capturing Planet X and the Nine Satellites Reinforcements (4)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui became extremely nervous when he thought of this. He had to end this battle immediately.

If Xu Tui’s mind power was basically depleted when the reinforcement from the Fire Origin Palace, Shui Zhi, a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert, rushed over, no one present would be able to withstand Shui Zhi.

At that time, other than Ullr and a few other lightning-type supernatural beings, everyone else would probably be slaughtered by Shui Zhi!

Once that happened, they would be in big trouble.

Xu Tui’s first expedition after forming Worldly Demon Slayers would be a crushing defeat. Not only did the Blue Star suffer a huge loss from the crushing defeat, but the extra-terrestrial forces of the Blue Star that Xu Tui had just gathered would also immediately collapse.

This also meant that this defeat was very likely to push the Blue Star to eternal damnation.

Xu Tui instantly broke out in a cold sweat. He had to end the battle immediately.

Xu Tui held a Soul Crystal in each hand and absorbed the mind power inside crazily. When his mind power recovered to 10%, he instantly moved. Before he moved, he sent a voice transmission to An Xiaoxue’s consciousness. “Move out!”

Almost at the same time, An Xiaoxue slashed out with her Dimensional Slash again.

However, after being slashed by An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash many times, Huo Qi also had the experience to deal with it. He activated his mental perception and carefully guarded against An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash.

An Xiaoxue’s first Dimensional Slash missed. However, the moment the first Dimensional Slash missed, Xu Tui suddenly appeared 2,000 meters in front of Fluo Qi.

Huo Qi was elated when he saw Xu Tui appear. He was wondering if he should take this opportunity to kill Xu Tui. In his opinion, Xu Tui, who was in front of him, had extraordinary combat strength. He would definitely be a great threat to the Spiritual Race in the future.

“Huo Qi, your death is here!” Xu Tui’s cold voice rang out. Suddenly, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash slashed toward Huo Qi again.

Huo Qi also sensed An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash. The moment he sensed it, he wanted to dodge. However, the moment he dodged, an indescribable feeling suddenly surfaced in Huo Qi’s heart. It was as if he had fallen into a swamp and could not dodge.

He was trapped!

The realistic characteristics of the main planet’s force field of mind power. Almost at the same time, under the Dimensional Slash, a large piece of the fire flag protecting Huo Qi was cut off, revealing a huge gap. A small dark-colored sword instantly appeared above Xu Tui’s head and disappeared. The moment the dark-colored sword appeared, Huo Qi’s expression suddenly became terrified.

Fear!

Huo Qi, who could not move, suddenly felt extreme fear.

“Save me!” Huo Qi roared.

The moment Huo Qi’s roar sounded, the dark-colored small sword appeared above the head of the inescapable Huo Qi.

God Slaying Sword!

It instantly slashed in. In just an instant, Huo Qi’s mental body collapsed on the spot. Huo Qi’s screams were still ringing in his ears. Xu Tui, who had finished using the main star force field and the God Slaying Sword of his mind power, blacked out. He almost fainted on the spot. His mind power was depleted again.

This time, less than 1% of his mind power was left. He was so close to fainting. If not for the fact that he had frantically recovered his mind power just now, he would not have been able to use the realistic characteristics of the main planet’s force field to trap Huo Qi.

Still, he still killed Huo Qi.

The moment Huo Qi was completely killed, Lang Heng and Kun Yuan, who were still fighting to the death, were stunned. Huo Qi, a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, had been completely killed. The blow to them was too great.

Moreover, it was not just a blow. As Huo Qi completely died, the other

Planetary realm experts on Xu Tui’s side could do whatever they wanted.

The five deputy generals of the Seven Satellites, An Xiaoxue, Wen Xinglun, Qu Qingshan, Yan Xuejin, and more than ten Three Satellites and Four Satellites, as well as some quasi-planetary experts who could attack from afar, all focused their fire on Lang Heng and Kun Yuan from afar.

Lang Heng reacted quickly and crushed an aqua-blue jade block. The moment his entire body was enveloped by an aqua-blue light screen, he instantly disappeared.

That was a life-saving treasure that his uncle, the main elder, Shui Zhi, had given him. But Kun Yuan was in trouble. Even though he had used all his life-saving treasures, he still died on the spot in less than 20 seconds, Planet X was breached!

However, Xu Tui carefully sensed the quantum fluctuation aura underground. His expression was solemn.

Reinforcements were about to arrive!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1