Chapter 1596 - 1596: Capturing Planet X And The Nine Satellites Reinforcements (2)

Chapter 1596 - 1596: Capturing Planet X and the Nine Satellites Reinforcements (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

Then, 80% of his mind power disappeared in the foreign body teleportation. There was still 3% of his mind power that was like a drop of blood. However, it was enough to keep Xu Tui awake. As long as he did not faint, he could use Soul Crystals or mind power Origin Crystals to quickly recover his mind power. At the same time, Xu Tui had a reference for not fainting this time.

In the future, when he wanted to use that, especially when his target was a powerhouse around the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, he had to have at least 80% of his mind power. To be safe, he had to leave 85% of his mind power behind. There was a high chance that he would not faint.

According to this speculation, if he strengthened the new star condensed by the quantum entanglement state genetic ability chain, he should be able to reduce the consumption of mind power to a certain extent.

After all, Xu Tui’s energy teleportation was only at the second level. If he had the time, if he could strengthen it to the third or even fifth level, the safety margin of using the killing move of Instant Movement would increase.

As half of the body of the Planetary realm powerhouse, Huo Qi, suddenly disappeared, the reinforcements of the Spiritual Race Planet X, such as Lang Heng, Kun Yuan, were stunned on the spot.

The remaining Spiritual Race’s members below them were directly shocked by this scene. Under extreme fear, their combat standards were greatly reduced. They screamed one after another.

The Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star were in a different situation. This was especially so for Ruan Tianzuo, Ullr, Anlevich, and the others. They looked at Xu Tui with surprise and fear, especially Ullr.

When did Xu Tui become so powerful? He actually had a killing move that could even kill a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse! If this was used on him…

For a moment, Ullr began to rejoice at his choice. This was especially so when Xu Tui was still standing there as if nothing had happened after he killed a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

A silver light and flames pounced toward Xu Tui. The silver light was An

Xiaoxue, and the fire was Yanzi. Previously, Yanzi had been hiding at the back and did not participate in the battle. She became anxious when she saw Xu Tui use the killing move of the Instant Movement. She had participated in research before and knew the aftereffects of Xu Tui using this move.

After Xu Tui used this move, anyone would be able to kill him. However, when the two of them pounced in front of Xu Tui, they realized that he was safe and sound. It was also at this moment that flames suddenly rose from the corpse of Huo Qi. A terrifying fire shadow that emitted a violent aura flew out of Huo Qi’s

corpse.

A mental body!

It was the mental body of Huo Qi.

the mental bodies of Planetary realm powerhouses above the Two Satellites could exist for a short period of time. The stronger their mental bodies were, the longer they would exist outside their bodies.

If there was a certain attachment, the mental body of a powerful Planetary realm powerhouse could even last forever.

Huo Qi’s mental body appeared from his corpse. Xu Tui’s expression also tightened. This was the reason why the stronger a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Supernatural Branch was, the harder it was to deal with them. He had to kill his physical body and his mental body.

Most importantly, after cutting off his physical body, it would not greatly reduce the strength of a powerful Planetary realm powerhouse from the Supernatural Branch.

For example, after losing his physical body, he actually used his life force to fight.

After losing his physical body, his mind power could not be recovered normally. Mind power was equivalent to life force. The longer he fought, the faster he would die.

It would also become a crispy skin among crisps.

Even so, the mental body of a super fragile Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was very terrifying. A burst of power was enough to instantly kill anyone on Xu Tui’s side. However, Xu Tui was already prepared for such a situation.

“All lightning-type supernatural beings, blast it away!” Xu Tui ordered.

The power of lightning was extremely strong, be it in terms of dealing with the physical body or the mental body.

Huo Qi only had a mental body now. It was no different from running naked. As long as it was hit by the lightning, it would be weakened.

After Little Six, Kitawan, and the other three formed a defensive array, they began to focus fire on the mental body of Huo Qi from afar. Wen Xinglun instantly turned into a snake-shaped bolt of lightning and began to attack with an extremely coquettish position.

Ullr and Cadron, the three lightning-type supernatural beings, also wanted to abandon their opponents and kill Huo Qi’s mental body first.

However, when Lang Heng and Kun Yuan saw Huo Qi, who had become a mental body, they became anxious. They used all their methods to pester Ullr and Cadron, the three lightning-type supernatural beings of the Seven Satellites.

This was because they understood that once Ullr and Cadron, the three lightning-type supernatural beings of the Seven Satellites, attacked, Huo Qi, who only had his mental body left, would be injured or even severely injured as long as he was hit by these three.

“Lord Huo Qi, hold on a little longer. Elder Shui Zhi will arrive soon!” Lang Heng, who had raised hope in despair, shouted at Huo Qi’s mental body.

Huo Qi’s mental body turned into a flash of fire. It continuously dodged the attacks of Wen Xinglun, Little Six, and the others like a will-o’-the-wisp. It was a little pathetic. However, he was still a mental body of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. He could do it with ease.

As he waited for an opportunity to counterattack, he stared at Xu Tui and said, “That move of yours should be related to space, right?”

Xu Tui did not answer.

Huo Qi’s mental body sighed. “As expected, among all supernatural beings, spatial-type abilities are the strongest and most mysterious. However, they are also the most difficult to learn..’

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1