Chapter 1592 - 1592: Special Landing Team

Chapter 1592 - 1592: Special Landing Team

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

November 10, 2140 of the Blue Star Calendar.

In the discrete disk area of the solar system.

The discrete disk was a remote area of the solar system, but it was the area closest to the solar system’s high-temperature fire screen. Astronomical observations sometimes took the shape of a semi-elliptic belt, but sometimes it was a regionally concentrated belt.

The change was very fast.

The reason was that most of the asteroids in the scattered area were composed of ice. Furthermore, the force fields were extremely complicated and mixed. Collisions and fusion were constantly happening.

It was also because of this that the expeditionary army, which was originally scheduled to arrive around 25 days ago, took 27 days.

There were more than 100,000 asteroids in the discrete disk area. Including those ice meteorites, there were more than a million of them. The probability of finding Planet X hidden in this vast star field was like finding a needle in a haystack.

However, since Xu Tui had come to the expedition, he had a plan.

Planet X had the inherent characteristics of Planet X. However, this characteristic was deduced.

First of all, Planet X was on the other side of the solar system where the quantum teleportation channel between the Milky Way and the solar system was established by the Spiritual Race. The known quantum teleportation channel had to have a certain quality and stability if it wanted to be established. It was too small.

A small asteroid could not carry a quantum teleportation channel at all. In the current research, for example, the maximum limit of the quantum teleportation channel that the moon could carry was two.

If there were more than two, the moon would not be able to withstand it. In that case, celestial bodies less than half the mass of the moon were directly eliminated from the detection of the remote sensing equipment.

Celestial bodies that were mainly composed of ice could not become the carriers of quantum teleportation.

Secondly, if he wanted to form a stable and long-term quantum teleportation channel, the celestial body had to have a stable operating orbit. As soon as these three conditions were announced, 99% of the celestial bodies in the discrete disk area were eliminated by remote sensing.

Before he came, he had already used the most advanced equipment on the Blue Star to detect this place. They had listed 14 celestial bodies that met the requirements. What Xu Tui and the others had to do was to explore the 14 celestial bodies one by one.

There was a high chance that Planet X was hidden among these 14 celestial bodies. This was because according to the existing theory, the requirements for planets when building such an intergalactic quantum teleportation channel would only be higher.

Therefore, the first goal of the Planet X expeditionary army led by Xu Tui was to be named Discrete Disk 1 by the remote sensing equipment.

Currently, it is driving towards Discrete Disk 1.

“We will arrive at the landing target in a day. Everyone, prepare to land. Special landing team, please be prepared to leave the fleet.” Xu Tui, who had been woken up by Ah Huang from his cultivation, gave an order through the command channel.

Lang Ju, Lang Biao, and Yin Liu from the special landing team were already prepared to set off. Planet 1 was the most likely to be Planet X. The landing and exploration at this moment were carried out in a combat state.

“Xu Tui, I’ve made a new discovery. Do you want to take a look?” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

“Just now, we lost contact with the space exploration plane I released after sending back the last image,” Ah Huang said.

“Lost contact? How?”

“I lost control and crashed into a huge ice meteorite. However, you can take a look at the scene before I lose control.” Then, Ah Huang sent another image to Xu Tui.

In the vast and silent starry sky, countless diamond-like asteroids and meteorites were flying in a chaotic and disorderly manner. However, some of the smaller meteorites were constantly changing their trajectories as they flew.

“Thousands of meteorites or even asteroids have been forcefully changed in their trajectories and flown towards this area. That means…”

“You’re saying that this area has an abnormal gravitational field, and powerful gravitational fields are usually brought about by high-quality planets? That’s what you’re saying?”

“According to the Blue Star’s remote sensing data, there are no such large celestial bodies here. However, according to my basic calculations just now, there must be a super strong gravitational field here if we want so many meteorites to change their route.

“Judging from the strength of the gravitational field, if there was a celestial body here, it would most likely be larger than the Blue Star. Of course, it’s also possible…”

“What is it?”

“Black Hole! The legendary cosmic black hole! If it’s really a cosmic black hole, then all of us will probably… never return!” Ah Huang said.

After considering it for only ten seconds, Xu Tui gave the order for the fleet to diverge in this direction. “Calculate the maximum safe distance under the circumstances of a cosmic black hole. At the same time, send out more powerful unmanned machines to test the safety limit and re-remote the direction.”

“What do you mean?”

“I have a feeling that Planet X might be on this planet that can’t be seen by remote sensing at the moment. Planet No. 1 is very likely to be a decoration. It might even have a trap or warning function.”

Xu Tui had a reason for doing this. This was because there was nothing special about the elimination method of finding Planet X. Most people would use it. Every staff officer of the Demon Slayer Team could think of this.

In that case, there was no reason why the Spiritual Race would not think of this. Blue Star had studied the Spiritual Race before. They were very strong and arrogant, but they were very cautious in their actions.

A day later, the fleet arrived at the location where the drone had crashed. After arriving here, all the mysteries were easily resolved.

There was no cosmic black hole ahead.

The remote sensing equipment showed that there was a huge celestial body ahead. It might not be inferior to a celestial body like Mars. However, because it was too far away from the sun and there were no large stars nearby, the brilliance was very low.

“Special landing team, set off. All fleets, switch to stealth mode. Maintain the lowest frequency and follow the special landing operation. Yin Liu, Lang Ju, Lang Biao, release your auras and cover ours. Everyone, put on your shielding suits and try your best to hide your aura.” Xu Tui stopped cultivating after giving a series of orders. He put on a mask that hid his aura.

The other people in Planet X’s expeditionary army had actually improved greatly in the past month.

Xu Tui had also cultivated for a month, but he could only use Origin Crystals to cultivate. Moreover, his cultivation space was limited. A month of cultivation had only allowed him to cultivate the Quantum Teleportation Nova to the third level.

If this result was given to others, it would mean that they had succeeded in their cultivation. However, it would be a little inconspicuous on Xu Tui.

On Planet X of the Spiritual Race, Commander Bing Wei was cultivating in boredom. He was personally sent by the main elder, Shui Zhi. Ever since Shui Zhi arrived in the solar system, he had been the one to take over Planet X. After all, Planet X was the path of reinforcements and retreat of the main elder, Shui Zhi. It was extremely important.

He was the ice-type supernatural being of the Six Satellites.

However, the energy concentration on Planet X was very ordinary. The effect of cultivation was relatively poor, and it was only a very hidden transit planet. The internal facilities of the base were very boring and did not have much fun.

It was a little stuffy.

“Sir, we’ve discovered the remains of a suspected technological creation within a million kilometers. Should we send a reconnaissance team to investigate?” “Are there any abnormal movements on Planet No. 1?” Bing Wei asked.

“Sir, the frequency at which Planet No. 1 has been detected by technological remote sensing equipment has doubled recently, but there are no abnormal movements on the planet.”

“There’s no need for that. The most important thing in our Planet X mission is to hide! Hiding without anyone knowing is a success…”

Before Bing Wei could finish his sentence, an alarm sounded.

“Sir, we have discovered super powerful energy fluctuations. The auras of the Four Satellites Planetary realm and two quasi-planetary experts are moving towards our planet at high speed!”

Bing Wei, who was in a daze, suddenly stood up. “The Blue Star humans? Did the Blue Star humans discover us?”

“No, according to the life fluctuations detected, the two quasi-planetary experts should be from our Spiritual Race!”

“Our Spiritual Race? Use the public channel of our Spiritual Race’s communication device to call and see if we can contact them,” Bing Wei shouted.

A minute later, Bing Wei received an affirmative answer.

“Lang Ju and Lang Biao are subordinates of Lei Tian, the former commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. After escaping with Lang Fanyun, they have been wandering in space and escaping. For some reason, they managed to escape here,” the adjutant reported.

“Lang Fanyun’s subordinates? The elders have been looking for Lang Fanyun. Go, send a team to attack and capture them. Then interrogate them carefully,” Bing Wei said.

“Sir, what kind of lineup should we send?”

“Two Five Satellites will lead the team. Our Planet X is not weak now. Report to me if anything happens.”

Bing Wei only considered it for a moment before rejecting him. “There’s no need! That lord is just waiting for the opportunity to leave. He’s not the main official. There’s no need to report. Moreover, this matter concerned Lang Fanyun. It was better not to let him know if he could.. Hurry up! Execute the order!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1