Chapter 1594 - 1594: The Ability To Kill The Nine Satellites

Chapter 1594 - 1594: The Ability to Kill the Nine Satellites

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The aura of Nine Satellites was extremely unforgettable after experiencing it once. It was domineering, arrogant, cold, and had a completely different aura. In an instant, the expressions of Xu Tui, Ullr, Anlevich, Li Qingping, and the others changed drastically. He had kicked an iron plate this attack.

No one would have expected a Nine Satellites Planetary realm to exist on Planet X. Under normal circumstances, with Xu Tui’s lineup, even if there were two Eight Satellites Planetary realm, they could deal with them at a certain price.

However, ever since Shang Long’s guidance that day, everyone knew that the power that could deal with two Eight Satellites might not be able to block a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. This was especially so for this Nine Satellites Planetary realm, who was a fire-type supernatural being who was better at attacking.

Almost instantly, the Planet X Expeditionary Force fell into a dilemma.

It was only for an instant. Li Qingping’s expression only became ferocious for a moment. At the same time that the golden light around his body shone, he suddenly accelerated and took the initiative to face the fire dragon.

“1 can nold mm ort ror tnree to nve seconas at most. Retreat!” Ll Qingpmg roared.

In an instant, Li Qingping made the decision to sacrifice himself. Actually, in countless previous battles, Li Qingping, who had always charged forward, had similar thoughts. If there was danger, his greatest value was actually to sacrifice himself to exchange for a chance of survival for his teammates.

He had never succeeded in the past. Occasionally, he would feel a little regretful when he thought about it. However, today, when such an opportunity really arrived, Li Qingping felt a lot of regret.

Unfortunately, he would not be able to see the day when the Blue Star counterattacked against the alien species.

“Commander, remember to tell me when you destroy the Spiritual Race…”

The moment Li Qingping was about to give his last wish, Xu Tui’s vision suddenly blurred. He had already instantly appeared in front of Li Qingping. “Leave the Nine Satellites to me. All of you, attack the base. Don’t worry, it’s just the Nine Satellites!”

The words ‘just Nine Satellites’ gave everyone in the expeditionary army immense confidence. The morale that had dropped to bottom low instantly recovered. After all, Xu Tui’s past battle results were very shocking. Xu Tui had never been defeated.

What about facing Nine Satellites today?

The fire dragon was thousands of meters long. The moment it swept over, it instantly collided with Xu Tui. The moment the Vajra Barrier that was enhanced by Xu Tui’s holy power shattered, the Frost Nova instantly exploded.

Water countered fire!

However, under the power of the fire dragon, the weakening of the fire dragon was extremely limited. No one noticed that the fire dragon that was two meters in front of Xu Tui suddenly trembled for some reason. It had become different.

In the base, an old man with long red hair suddenly let out a soft exclamation. His full-powered attack actually had a strange reaction.

After saying so much, everything passed extremely quickly.

The moment Xu Tui blocked the fire dragon, the expeditionary army of Planet X behind Xu Tui instantly spread out and pounced towards the base of Planet X below from all directions.

Xu Tui’s eight layers of Vajra Barrier continued to shatter. The Mountain Seal was like a huge shield that kept instantiating in front of him and shattering. This was when the Time Deceleration was in effect. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have been reduced to ashes.

What was terrifying was that under the control of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, this fire dragon continued to grow. It seemed to be endless.

It wanted to burn Xu Tui to death on the spot.

r

lWvo to three seconds was not long, but it was not short either. It was enough for others to kill their way into the base. Xu Tui had also reached his limit.

“Xiaoxue!”

The moment Xu Tui’s roar sounded, An Xiaoxue, who had been prepared in the distance, used Dimensional Slash the moment her pupils turned silver. In an instant, the fire dragon that had a radius of about five meters around Xu Tui was slashed into nothingness by the Dimensional Slash.

Xu Tui, who had been prepared, had a flash in his left eye. He teleported and disappeared. If he could not withstand it, he had to dodge! Xu Tui would not be able to teleport under the attack of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. However, it was different with An Xiaoxue’s help.

Huo Qi, who was the Nine Satellites of the Spiritual Race’s Fire Division, was stunned again. The Six Satellites kid in front of him was very strong. However, the girl not far away who vaguely had the aura of the Four Satellites was even stranger.

Since he could not kill the man, he would kill that woman!

In an instant, Huo Qi turned into flames and soared into the sky. The fire dragon condensed again and blasted towards An Xiaoxue. However, the moment he attacked, Xu Tui instantly appeared in the void in front of him.

The moment he appeared, Xu Tui transformed into a 30-foot-tall giant.

Earth Body!

The Huashan Divine Seal and the Mount Heng Divine Seal turned into two mountains one after another and blasted towards Huo Qi.

The moment it blasted out, the seal of the Longevity Emperor of the South Pole flew out of Xu Tui’s head. In an instant, the energy from all directions gathered here. The power of the mountain that Xu Tui had instantiated increased again.

Even though Huo Qi was at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm, he was still blasted back to the ground by the two seals.

However, in just an instant, the terrifying fire dragon rose again and burned Xu Tui’s two mountains. Even the auras of the two divine seals, Hengshan and Huashan, seemed to have been burned.

But Xu Tui was not afraid at all. As far as the eye could see, the huge Earth Puppet Giant and the Frost Giant rose from the ground at the same time and pounced towards Huo Qi.

It was true that Huo Qi was in the Nine Satellites Planetary realm. However, no matter how strong he was, he was afraid of getting close. He could only turn around and burn these two giants.

Any one of these two giants could kill him if he got close.

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash slashed out silently. Even though Huo Qi reacted quickly, one of his hands disappeared. If he had not reacted quickly, half of his body would have been gone.

Xu Tui’s attacks were like a storm as they bombarded Huo Qi. Ice Seal, Earth Spike, Frost Giant, Earth Puppet, and Mountain Formula. Xu Tui gave up after the mental hammer hit him once. The mental hammer was useless against Huo Qi for the time being. Huo Qi had a way to defend against mental attacks.

The God Slaying Sword was useless for the time being.

However, Xu Tui’s torrential attacks, coupled with An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash that ignored defense, temporarily restrained Huo Qi.

On the other hand, the base of the Spiritual Race on Planet X was showing a one-sided trend.

The previously calm commander, Bing Wei, was also in an extremely sorry state. Ullr and his two Seven Satellites Planetary realm lightning-type supernatural attacks were extremely sharp, causing him to immediately be unable to hold on.

“Lord Huo Qi, save me!” Bing Wei screamed.

Huo Qi let out a cold grunt. He circled his hand slightly, and a sea of fire appeared within a hundred meters. In the sea of fire, all of Xu Tui’s attacks would be incinerated. He flicked his left hand continuously. With every flick, a fire dragon shot out.

Three small fire dragons blasted toward Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and Ullr. Huo Qi successfully helped Bing Wei out of his predicament. An Xiaoxue was forced to retreat in a sorry state. Huo Qi attacked Xu Tui with all his might again.

This time, Xu Tui could not teleport without An Xiaoxue’s cooperation. Xu Tui did not hesitate to throw out Little Six, Kitawan, Lang Xu, and the other guards of the Heavenly Court to participate in the battle.

Under normal circumstances, it would not be a problem for six Seven Satellites to attack Huo Qi. However, at this moment, Little Six and the other seven Seven Satellites’ shortcomings were revealed.

The fire dragon instantly swept up. The deputy general that Belas had possessed was directly burned to ashes by the fire dragon. Even Belas’s mental body was instantly incinerated.

Xu Tui was shocked.

Xu Tui did not feel the pinch at all that Belas was dead. However, the attack power of Huo Qi was too terrifying! He quickly asked Little Six and the others to retreat.

Little Six and the other guards of the Heavenly Court were not fast. They were easily killed and could only assist from afar. At the same time, Ullr and the others had just killed Bing Wei. Xu Tui was about to ask Ullr and the other two to help.

Three lightning-type supernatural beings could definitely severely injure Huo Qi with their speed. The battles of the others also had a huge advantage and reached the end.

But two beams of light shot out from one direction of the base. The auras of Eight Satellites and Seven Satellites were exceptionally obvious. From afar, the mountain suddenly smashed down. The lightning-type supernatural being of the Seven Satellites, Cadron, was caught off guard and was injured on the spot.

“We’ll do it!”

Li Qingping, Anlevich, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others charged forward at the same time.

Ullr and the other lightning-type Seven Satellites supernatural being besieged the earth-element supernatural being, Kun Yuan.

Although Lang Heng was surrounded by Li Qingping and the others and could not get close, he was arrogant. He shouted at the remaining garrison, “Elder

Shui Zhi is about to personally come to help. Hold on!”

The aura of the remaining garrison on Planet X surged.

Huo Qi, who was fighting Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Little Seven, and the others, narrowed his eyes. “Little child, your abilities are not bad. It’s not too late to surrender now! And those Heavenly Court guards are also quite interesting.”

Yanzi’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Xu Tui, I feel that the quantum teleportation channel is being activated. There might be reinforcements. We have to hurry up and end the battle.”

Xu Tui felt a headache coming on. The strongest combat strength of Little Six and the others that he had expected could not form an effective pressure on

Huo Qi.

It was too much.

A Nine Satellites Planetary realm was already so difficult. It would be too much if another one came.

“Xu Tui, it’s also your ability to reach this place. However, I can guarantee that Planet X today is your grave!” Lang Heng was extremely arrogant.

A Nine Satellites, Eight Satellites, Seven Satellites, and a portion of the remnant army actually formed a complete suppression on Planet X.

Xu Tui understood that he could not delay any longer. If he delayed any longer, this place would really become their tomb. After instructing An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui’s voice suddenly rang out. “Lang Heng, do you think Mr. Shang Long will come?”

“How is that possible…” Lang Heng’s cold snort of disdain had just sounded when he was shocked to see Shang Long’s figure and sword light suddenly appear not far behind Huo Qi. Lang Heng was shocked. “Lord Huo Qi, be careful of Shang Long. He’s behind you!”

The moment Huo Qi turned around in surprise, Xu Tui’s left eye turned black again. The world in front of him became a clear black and white world.

In an instant!

Xu Tui’s target was Huo Qi.

His mind power surged out and instantly teleported the moment it enveloped Huo Qi. In an instant, half of the body of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert, Huo Qi, instantly disappeared.

“No!” Seeing this scene, Lang Heng roared in fear!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1