Chapter 1600 - 1600: The Survival Path Of The Expedition In Desperation (2)

Chapter 1600: The Survival Path of the Expedition in Desperation (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As long as he could rush into this underground fortress and throw a three-phase thermal bomb at the activated quantum teleportation channel, he would be able to cripple this quantum teleportation channel and stop the reinforcements from approaching.

However, it was obvious that the Spiritual Race had also considered this extremely well. The quantum teleportation channels that communicated with Ceres Star were all in the tortress deep underground. It they wanted to enter, they had to rush into the fortress first.

How to charge into this underground fortress was a difficult problem.

Xu Tui was also waiting for Ah Huang. If Ah Huang successfully invaded the Spiritual Race’s Planet X command center, there was a high chance that it would be able to open the door of the underground fortress.

Then, he would throw a three-phase thermal bomb.

“There should be enough time. I can sense that the use of the two quantum teleportation channels might have caused the quantum fluctuations to be unstable. Therefore, this backup quantum reinforcement channel will take a little longer to activate. From the looks of it, it might take another five to eight minutes. But eight minutes is the most,” Yanzi said.

Eight minutes. Xu Tui nodded gently. “Ah Huang, order the Sun Chasing Combat Jet Team to be on standby. Be prepared to retreat at any time. Also, a countdown of seven minutes.”

“Understood.”

Ah Huang’s surprised voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind almost as soon as the formation of the Aerospace Combat Jet swooped down.

“It’s done. Xu Tui, I have completely controlled the base command center of

Planet X.”

“You did well. Open the underground fortress immediately and prepare the robots to fire three-phase thermal bombs.” Joy appeared on Xu Tui’s face. He was basically fine now.

“No, I can’t open it. I can’t open the underground fortress,” Ah Huang said. Xu Tui instantly became anxious. “What happened?”

“It’s locked! The base command center shows that the underground fortress that leads to the center of the quantum teleportation has already been locked when it began to activate the backup tunnel. It can only be activated from the inside!” Ah Huang said.

“What? Xu Tui’s face turned pale with shock. “Give me the topographic map of the underground fortress.”

“Alright.”

In the next moment, the three-dimensional topographic map of the underground base was projected in front of everyone by Ah Huang, including the relevant data. Xu Tui could not help but curse when he glanced at it.

“Is the Spiritual Race’s defense on Planet X that cautious and abnormal? It’s simply… ”

The entire underground base was built at a 55-degree vertical angle, 2,000 meters underground. There were a total of five layers of fortress-like gates built at a distance of 2,000 meters. If they wanted to attack from the outside, they had to break through these five layers of fortresses first.

“That shouldn’t be difficult, right? If we work together, it’s just five layers of fortresses. It’ll collapse in three minutes at most! Then, we can blast open this quantum teleportation channel,” Anrevich said.

“No.” Yang Huai, who was from the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College, pointed at the three-dimensional topographic map and said, “Look at this structure. It’s very arched-shaped. Furthermore, there’s a thick layer of Quicksand Gate that wraps around the middle of the third and fourth floor. If we blasted through from above, the only outcome would be a cave-in. Once this underground fortress collapses, it will take us a day or two to dig it out.”

Xu Tui nodded. Yang Huai’s analysis was very clear. The defense of the underground fortress was abnormal here.

At the side, the puzzled Anlevich continued to ask, “Even a Nine Satellites Planetary realm expert would take a long time to come out of that

2,000-meter-thick cave-in, right? It would take at least an hour, right?

“An hour is enough for us to retreat to a safe distance that a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse can’t catch up to,” Anlevich said.

“It’s difficult for us to dig down, but it’s much easier for the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses to rush out of the fragments. Moreover, according to the normal design, there should be additional backup safe passageways,” Xu Tui said.

“Then we’ll find this safe tunnel and…”

“It should have the same safety design.” Xu Tui shook his head. Anrevich was a burly man, but his brain was relatively simple.

“In that case, wouldn’t we be facing the pursuit of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse in five to six minutes?” Ullr raised an extremely sharp and urgent question.

“Ah Huang, calculate. With the speed data of Shui Zhi that we collected previously, how long do we need to widen the distance before we can escape his tracking?” Xu Tui said.

Ah Huang gave an answer in a second.

“According to the speed data collected from Shui Zhi in the past, the Aerospace Combat Jet has to fly for 50 minutes before Shui Zhi caught up.

‘Including other factors, such as his tracking ability, the safe border predicted by the data model was that the Aerospace Combat Jet would fly for 27 minutes first. There is a 51% chance that Shui Zhi will not be able to catch up to you. The more flying time you have, the higher the chance that he won’t be able to catch up to you.”

Ah Huang’s voice made everyone’s expressions turn solemn. This was the abnormality of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Not only did the speed of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse far exceed that of the Aerospace Combat Jet, but his tracking ability was also extremely powerful.

Twenty-seven minutes…

From the looks of it, they did not even have seven minutes. A Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was just that terrifying.

“Let’s split up and retreat. The eight Aerospace Combat Jets will retreat in eight directions. Even Shui Zhi will only be able to catch up to two Aerospace Combat Jets at most,” Ruan Tianzuo said.

“According to the data model, if it’s Shui Zhi, there’s a 95% chance that he will catch up to the two fighter jets. There’s a 70% chance that he will catch up to the three fighter jets, and a 30% chance that he will catch up to the four fighter jets..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1