Chapter 1004 - Chapter 1004: Infrasonic Wave Field And Moving Company (2)

Chapter 1004: Infrasonic Wave Field and Moving Company (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Do you think the Spiritual Race will let us off?” Bram sneered.

“Comrades

“Comrades!”

Xu Tui turned around heartily and ran toward another tunnel deep in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

As for Cui Xi and the others, they had already rushed to the safe exit of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base a minute ago.

It had to be said that although the soundwaves looked boring this time, the aftereffects were getting stronger. It was a little like red wine. It felt refreshing to drink, but it would get to his head soon!

In just a minute, some of the members of the Worldly Special Force and the Haotian Special Force vomited blood under the invisible attacks of the infrasonic wave field.

Xu Tui felt terrible too. He only felt slightly better after putting another layer of mental shield on himself outside the Vajra Barrier.

In the ancient base, the place where the three-phase thermal bomb had been detonated had already begun to collapse. The alloy walls in the base had also begun to slowly distort and morph.

If this continued for a long time, the base would definitely be destroyed.

The safe exit of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base was very hidden. It was on the wall of a tunnel. After opening it, it was an invisible mechanical warehouse.

Another wall of the mechanical warehouse opened, and a long tunnel appeared.

However, this safety tunnel was designed to be very wide. It should be used as the main evacuation tunnel.

They could even pass through supply ships, let alone fighter jets.

A few hours ago, Xu Tui had transported the fighter jets and supply ships into the tunnel after he obtained the information about the safe tunnel from Lavis.

Therefore, the evacuation was very fast.

The layers of safety doors closed. The influence of the infrasonic wave field was much smaller. Unfortunately, he did not have control over this base.

If the control of this base operated normally, the descent of more than a dozen safety isolation doors in the middle would reduce the power of the infrasonic wave field by at least half or even more. There would be no threat for the time being.

“You guys go first!”

Xu Tui politely asked Bram to retreat out of the tunnel first. Xu Tui, Ruan Da, and Orona each supported their greatest defense. They held a three-phase thermal explosive in their arms and followed closely behind Bram.

They were still holding their life-saving cards tightly.

This scene made the members of the three special forces tear up. They were extremely excited. This was a safe evacuation tunnel that the regiment commanders had risked their lives to create for them.

Ruan Da and Orona could not say anything. It was not that they were unwilling to do this, but they were not too willing.

Bram looked depressed.

This was the… plastic relationship between him and his comrade, Xu Tui. Xu Tui had no choice. He would be a fool if he completely believed the words of

an alien.

What would they do if they rushed out of the safe tunnel and sealed it, completely simmering Xu Tui and the others to death in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan? Would Xu Tui talk about comrades when the time came?

Childish! @@novelbin@@

This method was the best.

No matter how strong the Planetary realm Bram was, he could not kill the three of them in an instant. Therefore, this deterrence was still valid. However, neither Xu Tui, Ruan Da, nor Orona had expected them to act as human -shaped detonators one day.

At this moment, Bram could only accept it. The little scheme in his heart was completely gone. This fake comrade, Xu Tui, was very sneaky. When he passed by the supply ship in the tunnel, Bram, who had activated his energy perception, was even more speechless.

Darn it. It was full!

These supply ships were filled with all kinds of equipment and resources that had been dismantled from the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base. Even some of the fighter jets were full.

Bram even saw a certain number control opener. There were more than a dozen of them.

At this moment, Bram wondered if the team in front of him was an army or a moving company.

“Mr. Bram, do you think that we missed anything really valuable?” Xu Tui asked politely.

Bram was speechless. He felt offended. It was just like a thief entering his house and asking him after he stole it. See if there was anything valuable in your house that I didn’t steal.

“Prepare for battle.” Bram instructed his subordinates.

The Spiritual Race should be very clear about the situation in the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base, so they would definitely not naively think that they could kill everyone in the base. Their goal was to force everyone out of the ancient base.

They would change to a battlefield that was suitable for them.

After Bram and the others stepped out of the long tunnel, although they were more than ten kilometers away from the entrance, the Spiritual Race, who were already prepared, immediately noticed them.

“Guard it. The rest of you, follow me!”

Lei Hong instructed the Planetary powerhouse of the Fission Race who had been severely injured but had not completely lost his combat strength. He instantly led his men and charged towards the exit.

Bram and the others could only charge forward.

Escape? That would only cause them to die even faster!

“My dear comrade, Xu Tui, I hope that you can also participate in the battle.” Before he rose into the air to participate in the battle, Bram looked at his plastic comrade, Xu Tui.

“No problem! I’ll leave their Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm to you. Leave the Transmutation Realm to us,” Xu Tui said.

Bram was overjoyed when he heard that. “As long as you can restrain their Transmutation Realm experts and get our Transmutation Realm experts to support us in battle, I’m confident that I can deal with their Planetary and quasi-planetary experts!” “Don’t worry! ”

Xu Tui was not joking about this.

Although it was a plastic friendship, strategy was not plastic. The strategy of cooperation between the two sides was really needed on the battlefield.

The Great Xi Clan only had one Planetary powerhouse. He could barely restrain them and cooperate.

However. the SDiritual Race did not have a foundation for cooDeration.

Secondly, even if there were only two Planetary experts left, they were not people they could deal with. As long as a Planetary realm cultivator from the Spiritual Race charged in, they would be able to kill a large number of them.

Therefore, they had to cooperate!

As for the rest, he would compete with Bram of the Great Xi Clan after he repelled the Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui’s thoughts were very simple.

After the battle with the Planetary powerhouse of the Spiritual Race, Bram would definitely have expended a lot of energy. He might even be injured. This was their chance!

Bram’s idea was also very simple. He needed time. When the quark particle jumper in his hand was fully charged, it would only take a few minutes for another person to jump over. At that time, not only would he be able to destroy the Spiritual Race, but he would also be able to capture his fake comrade, Xu Tui.

As long as they could capture the Blue Star humans, they would be able to use this opportunity to completely know the location of the Blue Star. At that time, as long as one or two people went over and brought one or two quark particle jumpers, the Great Xi Clan would be able to successfully jump and invade the Blue Star. They would be able to obtain what the executive officers needed!

This plan was perfect!

Therefore, Bram fought with all his might.

In order to survive, the people from the Worldly, Haotian, and Slavic special forces immediately organized their men, especially those at the Evolution

Realm. They formed a small team and charged towards the Transmutation Realm experts of the Spiritual Race.

They had to restrain them and buy an opportunity for Bram!