Chapter 1008 - Chapter 1008: Lei Tian Who Completed The Basic Strategy And Shameless

Chapter 1008: Lei Tian Who Completed the Basic Strategy and Shameless

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lei Gen sent an emergency message. Li Qingping, the Planetary realm guard of the Huaxia Sector, had suddenly appeared on the asteroid where the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base was with three Planetary realm powerhouses. They had no choice but to evacuate after working with the Great Xi Clan.

However, a few kilometers in front of Lei Tian, there was another Li Qingping. He stood with his sword in hand and looked at Lei Tian with a smile.

How infuriating!

He had been tricked!

In the next moment, Lei Tian instantly turned into a bolt of lightning. Like a spinning yo-yo, hundreds of bolts of lightning exploded at the same time.

It blasted towards the eight Planetary realm powerhouses opposite him.

The power of every bolt of lightning was not too strong, but this number was fatal.

Li Qingping, who was at the front, first activated a sword light. Then, the sword light dissipated with a bang. His appearance also changed drastically.

The guards of the other seven planets also had their own situations.

Four of them resisted Lei Tian’s lightning attacks. However, the figures of three Planetary realm powerhouses disintegrated into nothingness under the continuous lightning attacks.

It’s gone!

However, it was not that a Planetary realm powerhouse had died.

Instead, the phantom was pierced through.

Li Qingping, who was standing at the front, had already become the person Lei Tian hated the most—Cai Shaochu!

Seeing Lei Tian grit his teeth, Cai Shaochu stood with his hands behind his back and laughed out loud. “You finally saw through me. You’re not stupid!” Lei Tian gritted his teeth in anger. He had been played.

He had been confronting the phantoms of five Planetary realm experts and three Cai Shaochu for more than half an hour. If he had known this would happen, he would have attacked the Manut asteroid with all his might from the beginning. He might have been able to establish results.

“Commander-in-chief Lei, we meet again. I have a pot of good tea here. Do you want to sit down and have a drink?” Cai Shaochu smiled.

In his anger, Lei Tian waved his hand and shouted, “Kill!”

In the next moment, Lei Tian and the seven Planetary realm powerhouses behind him charged towards Cai Shaochu and the others.

Lei Tian wanted to try and see if there was any exaggeration left. If there really was, there might be a possibility of taking down the Manut asteroid again. Even if there wasn’t, there was still a possibility of winning in terms of strength.

Cai Shaochu and the others were more cautious than Lei Tian had imagined.

When they saw Lei Tian and the others rushing over, they immediately retreated into the defense circle of the Manut asteroid. At the same time that all kinds of firearms were activated, the 32 quasi-planetary experts also rose into the air in a battle formation and counterattacked Lei Tian and the others.

Tian had no choice but to order them to retreat. He would personally cover them.

He was not prepared enough!

His original intention for coming here was to restrain the Planetary powerhouses of the Manut asteroid and provide support there at the critical moment.

Many Planetary powerhouses and quasi-planetary powerhouses might have powerful supernatural being abilities. He appeared here to ensure that nothing would go wrong with Lei Hong and Lei Gen.

However, he did not expect to be fooled!

While they were retreating, Lei Tian even suspected that Dawn had messed up. He immediately contacted Dawn and asked them. Then, he received a very depressed answer.

Dawn sold eight portions of this information. Everyone in the seven sectors and one organization of the Blue Star that was stationed on the Manut asteroid had a share.

He was really… dedicated!

Lei Tian was also depressed. He could not blame Dawn. He had only used a bait that the Blue Star humans could not refuse.

However, this bait was too sneaky. It actually played tricks under his nose!

Fortunately, Lei Hong and Lei Gen did not suffer much losses.

Of the three Planetary realm powerhouses, one was seriously injured and retreated. Three quasi-planetary experts died in battle, and more than a third of the Transmutation Realm experts died in battle.

120 of them went, and 70 returned.

They had suffered a huge loss!

Lei Tian was very depressed. The battle against the Blue Star had not gone smoothly recently. However, Lei Gen’s report still gave him good news.

The battle videos and evidence chains of the battle with the Blue Star humans and the Great Xi Clan breaking into the asteroid belt were basically complete.

The only imperfection was that they were still lacking some more realistic post-war evidence chains, such as a large number of corpses of the Blue Star humans and the corpses of the Great Xi Clan.

Lei Hong, Lei Gen, and the others had no choice but to evacuate. This last step could not be completed.

However, it was easy to explain. The Great Xi Clan’s Executive Officer had brought his elites to participate in the battle. They could not withstand it. After paying a huge sacrifice and severely injuring the Great Xi Clan’s Executive Officer, they could only retreat temporarily.

In that case, he would be able to explain himself to the Sanctuary.

In a short period of time, the Sanctuary would even transfer elite forces from the nearest planet to strengthen his forward operating base.

To the Spiritual Race, dealing with the Blue Star humans was like catching insects and rats in their own courtyard.

It did not matter if they could not catch it. It did not matter if they caught it slowly. Anyway, they were in their own courtyard. They would catch it eventually. It did not matter if the rat got fat and bit someone.

This was the position that the Spiritual Race had for the Blue Star humans.

But what about the Great Xi Clan?

They had to annihilate the bandits and evil thieves who had barged into their courtyard. Otherwise, the wealth in the rat nest might have been taken away by bandits and evil thieves. Therefore, the bandits had to die!

From this point of view, Lei Tian’s strategic plan this time was generally successful. Although he did not manage to wipe out a large number of the Blue Star humans to take revenge, he had already obtained what he desperately needed. He could confidently report it to the Sanctuary.

Other than the slight difference in the results.

Of course, he would not tell the Sanctuary about this. He also knew the art of

He just felt a little regretful.

Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, left the Manut asteroid with some regret.

Cai Shaochu, who had come to execute this plan at the last minute, also heaved a sigh of relief.

This plan had a certain level of risk.

Lei Tian was really strong. If Lei Tian attacked recklessly, they would definitely suffer a huge loss.

No matter what, the Spiritual Race was huge. Losing a few Planetary realm powerhouses was nothing. However, if a few Planetary realm powerhouses died on the Blue Star, it would really hurt.

“Strengthen the defense and continue with the Level 1 alarm. Be careful of Lei Tian turning around and attacking! Hurry up and contact the special forces over there to see the specific situation so that we can adjust our strategy.” Cai Shaochu gave a series of orders.

This made the people in charge of the asteroid belt in the back a little helpless.

Here, Planetary realm powerhouses had a stronger right to speak. They were much stronger than the Moon and Mars.

Asteroid Fuqiang.

Lei Hong and Lei Gen took advantage of the moment when the Great Xi Clan’s Executive Officer to quickly retreat with a large group of people.

The entire Fuqiang asteroid immediately became a confrontation between the Great Xi Clan and the Blue Star humans.

The Blue Star humans had four Planetary realm experts led by Li Qingping, seven special forces with more than a thousand people, and a total of 19 Transmutation Realm experts.

As for the Great Xi Clan, they were led by an executive name, Gunter. Bram and the other planetary Thousand-Leap Commander had eight quasi-planetary experts and 100 Transmutation Realm experts.

However, Bram was seriously injured. It was already very good that he could last until Executive Officer Gunter arrived. There were still three quasi-planetary experts who had come with Bram, but they basically did not have much combat strength left. The 50 Transmutation Realm experts who had come with Bram had expended a lot of energy in the previous battle with the Spiritual Race.

The situation fell into a strange stalemate.

The Great Xi Clan was not in a hurry to attack, nor were the Blue Star humans. However, Xu Tui realized that they had begun to charge the quark particle jumper again.

There were still people in the Great Xi Clan!

After a few seconds of internal communication, the injured Bram took the initiative to say, “This… I think that we have a common enemy, the Spiritual Race. We might be able to form an alliance!”

Xu Tui, Cui Xi, Luo Murong, and the others were speechless. Who had betrayed them at the last minute just now? Now, he was doing this again. Moreover, he was probably stalling for time by negotiating like this.

The quark particle jumper would be fully charged in half an hour.

In the current situation, the Great Xi Clan basically had no advantage.

However, it was hard to say if another wave of reinforcements would come.

Li Qingping and the other three communicated with each other. They suddenly looked at Xu Tui. “What do you think?”

It was not that they could not make a decision. It was just that Xu Tui had communicated and cooperated with the Great Xi Clan before. Xu Tui knew the situation on the entire battlefield the best. Xu Tui had more say in this matter.

Xu Tui used his consciousness to communicate with Li Qingping and told him the reason why the Great Xi Clan was stalling for time and waiting for reinforcements.

?wnac ao you tmnKf”

‘My idea is to intimidate them and play something shameless,” Xu Tui said. @@novelbin@@

“How do I play it?”

A minute later, Li Qingping, who had heard Xu Tui’s plan, quickly communicated with the other three. He immediately handed the decision-making power to Xu Tui.

“Mr. Bram, we also have the opinion of the alliance, but your betrayal just now disappointed me.”

“No, no, no. My dear Xu, you have to know that I was trying to protect myself just now. You understand my situation. Now, I really want to cooperate with you. I’ve already obtained the approval of our lord, ” Bram said.

“I’ve already lost my confidence in you. I’m already contacting the Spiritual Race. I think that joining forces with the Spiritual Race might be a better choice!”

Bram immediately became nervous when Xu Tui said that. Even Günter frowned. “We are really sincere in working together! We have a common enemy, the Spiritual Race, right?”

“But where is your sincerity?” Xu Tui pointed at the charging quark particle jumper.

Bram smiled awkwardly and quickly paused the charging of the quark particle jumper. “It’s a habit. A habit.”

“No, we need some sincerity.” Xu Tui shook his head.

“What sincerity?”

Xu Tui glanced at Bram and said, “We have many injured people who need to be treated and transferred. However, we don’t feel comfortable with you here. I need you to evacuate this planet for the time being before we talk about cooperation. ”

Bram had a short exchange with Executive Officer Günter. “Alright, then we’ll show our sincerity first!”

A minute later, the experts of the Great Xi Clan began to evacuate in batches.

Xu Tui looked at Li Qingping and the other three. “Next, I’ll leave the shameless things to you..”