Chapter 1005 - Chapter 1005: Madness (1)

Chapter 1005: Madness (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

From the moment the three special forces participated in the battle, this battle had become a bloody battle. They would attack the Transmutation Realm experts of the Spiritual Race with all their might.

The Genetic Evolution Realm members of the three special forces formed a team of three and locked onto a Transmutation Realm expert to attack.

From the looks of it, three against one was considered a balance.

But that was not the case. Even if the attacks of the Evolution Realm warriors on the Blue Star landed on the other party’s Transmutation Realm, the other party would at most be injured.

However, as long as the attack of a Transmutation Realm expert of the Spiritual Race was carried out once, the Warriors of the special forces would either be severely injured or die.

Therefore, from the beginning, there was the smell of blood in this battle.

Xu Tui, Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Luo Murong, and the others attacked with all their might, especially Xu Tui. He no longer held back.

The mental hammer struck out with undisguised cooperation. Wherever the mental hammer went, a Transmutation Realm expert would be affected with every strike. They would be severely injured or even die on the spot under the attacks of others.

However, Transmutation Realm experts were not that easy to kill.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer could affect them. If it were Xu Tui, he would have been able to kill them with one strike. The other members might not have that ability. @@novelbin@@

There were casualties from time to time.

It was fine for the Worldly Special Force as they had Xu Tui and Yan Lie taking care of them. But more than ten people had died in less than five minutes of the battle between Haotian and the Slavic Special Forces. Five of them had died in battle.

Fortunately, there was a reward for their efforts.

Bram of the Great Xi Clan and the other five quasi-planetary experts relied on the energy of the 50 Transmutation Realm experts in the distance to withstand the attacks of the two Planetary experts and six quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race.

Although Bram was in a disadvantageous position from being beaten up, the Great Xi Clan still had an advantage between the quasi-planets of both sides. If it could last for ten minutes, they might be able to free up a quasi-planet. They might be able to lock onto the victory.

“Contact them and get the Freedom Special Force, the Indrat Special Force, the Apollo Special Force, and the Heavenly Dao Special Force to counterattack at this moment. This is our only chance to turn the tables,” Xu Tui said as he fought.

Soon, Orona and Ruan Da contacted each other as they fought. It was not convenient for the Worldly Special Force to contact them.

The other party’s response was also very positive. They agreed to counterattack immediately and fight for a chance to win.

Xu Tui was very happy. However, in less than three minutes, Xu Tui was about to explode from anger. He felt that he had killed too few people previously.

The four families, the American, European, India, and Huaya agreed to counterattack, but they were only putting on an act and did not take any substantial actions. Not only that, but Lei Gen also pulled over another quasi-planetary realm powerhouse from there and joined the battle here. The pressure here instantly increased.

There were only two quasi-planets left over there. The pressure instantly decreased.

At this moment, the four families began to counterattack with all their might. Danrick and Larriwang even shamelessly contacted Ruan Da and Orona, saying that they had already begun a full-scale counterattack.

Ruan Da and Orona were so angry that their noses were crooked. But they didn’t say anything. He did not expect them to share the pressure. He only hoped that it would not increase the pressure. However, the pressure was shared here!

Near the ancient base of the Great X Clan, Leu Hong had a cold expression. Lei Gen, who was commanding the battle, also had an ugly expression.

He could not understand why the originally crushing massacre was so difficult.

How could the Great Xi Clan and the Blue Star humans join forces and cooperate intimately?

Lei Hong could no longer sit still.

The Transmutation Realm experts on their side had suffered heavy casualties. If this continued, they would really lose. They had to use their full strength.

Lei Hong secretly connected the dots.

On Xu Tui’s side, he was furious.

Lei Gen had drawn a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse from the people dealing with the India Sector. However, this quasi-planetary realm powerhouse did not join the quasi-planetary realm battle group. Instead, he locked onto Xu Tui and wanted to take the opportunity to kill him.

A secret attack had caused Xu Tui to vomit blood and be injured. It had also completely disrupted the rhythm of the Worldly Special Force.

Seeing this, Zhao Hailong, Zhou Chuan, Luo Murong, and Yang Huai gathered at the same time and fought the quasi-planet of the Dissimilate Clan with Xu Tui.

The Worldly Special Force had just obtained an advantage and was instantly defeated. Without Xu Tui’s care, the battles of the other members became tense.

“Old Zhou, I need you to create an opportunity for me. I want to destroy this fellow!” Xu Tui, who had been thrown into chaos, roared.

In just ten seconds, Zhou Chuan, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and Yang Huai were all injured. If not for the protection of Mu Xingluan’s Thousand Vines Armor, some of them would have lost their combat strength.

“Tell us, we’ll do it!”

“When it starts later, restrict him to a certain range. If anyone saves him, stop them.’

“Leave the rear to me!” Luo Murong’s clothes were stained with blood, but his posture was calm.

Three seconds later, Xu Tui instantly injected his mind power into the red fire slip. The flames instantly surged into the genetic ability chain of the mental whip.

The moment the mental hammer was multiplied, it blasted towards the quasi-planet of the Dissimilate Clan.

At the same time, a lightning ball suddenly appeared in Lei Hong’s hand.

Lightning flowed in the lightning ball, discovering an aura that made Lei Hong’s heart palpitate. This was given to him by Commander Lei Tian before he came. It was used to lock onto the situation at the critical moment.

It was similar to the Origin Crystal ability seal card on the Blue Star. If it was used by an ordinary person, this lightning ball would only have the combat strength of a quasi-planetary realm. However, it was different when Lei Hong used it..