Chapter 1009 - Chapter 1009: Executive Officer Günter’S Resentment (1)

Chapter 1009: Executive Officer Günter’s Resentment (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It was actually quite satisfying to do shameless things, especially when it’s doing shameless things to your enemies. It was a happy scene to watch your enemies get angry at your shamelessness, but could not do anything about it.

However, this kind of thing was slightly more difficult, so Xu Tui did not participate.

It was actually a mistake for the Great Xi people to agree to temporarily evacuate the Fuqiang asteroid.

Of course, in their opinion, it was not a mistake.

They only needed a little time. For example, in another 20 minutes, they would be able to charge the quark particle jumper. After it was activated again, another Thousand-Leap Commander would appear.

Another Thousand-Leap Commander would bring at least one Planetary powerhouse, two to four quasi-planetary experts, and about 50 Transmutation Realm experts.

As long as such a force joined, the Great Xi Clan’s advantage on the Fuqiang asteroid would be revealed.

Since the Spiritual Race was hiding in the depths of space like a poisonous snake, they also dared to attack the Blue Star humans. There was no need to wipe them out. As long as they captured eight to ten of them alive, they would have achieved their goal.

Therefore, Günter and Bram believed that they were retreating in order to gain time for themselves.

However, retreat was often technical.

This was especially so when a large number of injured people were involved. The forces of the Great Xi Clan’s retreat formation inevitably spread out.

This was especially so when they had to be wary of the Spiritual Race when they retreated.

The Spiritual Race had retreated, but no one could be sure if they had completely retreated or if they were hiding in the deep and dark space, turning into hungry wolves that would pounce out at any time and waiting for an opportunity.

Therefore, if they wanted to retreat, they had to be careful of the Spiritual Race’s sneak attack.

This was also the price of buying time.

Moreover, the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan could be said to be mortal enemies, especially when it involved the Blue Star humans. He had to be on guard against the Spiritual Race that had just retreated. But they also had to be on guard against the Blue Star humans.

Therefore, the elite forces of the Great Xi Clan that still had combat strength were split into two. They protected their heads and tails, but the span was not large.

Günter led two quasi-planetary experts who could fight to pave the way. The other Planetary powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan led three quasi-planetary experts to stare at the Blue Star humans.

Bram, who was seriously injured, and the other injured were in the middle of the retreating team.

During the retreat, Li Qingping, Haydoff, Asid, and Anlevich followed the Great Xi Clan’s team a thousand meters away. They could be considered to have sent them off.

As the executor of the shameless plan, Xu Tui did not dare to go deep into the frontlines. However, he still followed behind Li Qingping and the others, prepared to be the most shameless person.

Actually, he was not shameless.

The relationship with the Great Xi Clan was originally a plastic alliance. Now that it had flipped over, it would melt later and recover.

The warriors of the Great Xi Clan rose into the air bit by bit and slowly flew into space. However, just as they were about to enter space, Xu Tui suddenly pointed in a direction in shock and shouted, “Spiritual Race, be careful of the

Spiritual Race!”

This was a very old-fashioned trick.

Sometimes, it did not work, but many times, it still worked.

Anything that mattered would work.

Xu Tui and the others only needed a little time.

Half a second was enough!

At the same time that Xu Tui exclaimed, all the Great Xi Clan members subconsciously looked around. At the same time, Li Qingping and the other three moved.

Li Qingping threw out a three-phase thermal explosive as if he was throwing a rock. It had to be said that the toss power of a Planetary powerhouse was too powerful. This three-phase thermal explosive blasted towards the center of the Great Xi Clan’s team at a speed faster than the firing speed.

The angle of the throw was also very tricky. It avoided the Planetary realm powerhouse guarding in front.

The Great Xi Clan’s reaction was also extremely fast. Immediately, a @@novelbin@@

quasi-planetary-level long-range attack, but his attack missed.

He was blocked by Xu Tui’s mental vibrating whip and missed.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s mind power, which was attached to the three-phase thermal bomb, instantly detonated the three-phase thermal bomb.

It was not the ideal detonation area. It was still 600 to 700 meters away from Bram.

However, if he did not detonate it now, he would not have a chance.

The three-phase thermal bomb exploded. Three consecutive energy waves turned a large number of Great Xi Clan’s Transmutation Realm experts into ashes. At the same time, the quasi-planetary experts who had rushed over just now also turned into ashes on the spot.

However, that was not the most important function.

The most important function of this three-phase thermal bomb was to intercept.

Xu Tui’s roar distracted them.

The Great Xi Executive Officer, Günter, who was at the front of the evacuation team, would definitely return to reinforce them immediately.

The three-phase thermal bomb was fighting for this time. It was also to create chaos.

The energy complementation ability of the Great Xi Clan was very powerful. As long as he was given a little time, their Planetary and quasi-planetary powerhouses would be extremely difficult to kill.

The three-phase thermal explosive was to create chaos and buy time. Amidst the layers of energy waves, Li Qingping, Haydoff, and the other two endured the energy waves and directly endured the attacks of the three quasi-planetary realm experts from the Great Xi Clan. The four of them attacked the Planetary realm experts from the Great Xi Clan.

The Executive Officer of the Great Xi Clan, Günter, wanted to return to help, but he was stopped by the energy waves of the three-phase thermal bomb.

As he roared, he could only save one person within the radius of his ability.

The Blue Star’s sneak attack had made them suffer too many casualties.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui released the second three-phase thermal explosive without hesitation. This one was shot out with a flying sword.

Before the energy wave of the three-phase thermal bomb could calm down, this one blasted over again..