Chapter 1007 - Chapter 1007: Turning The Tide

Chapter 1007: Turning the Tide

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Among the four Planetary auras that were diving toward the Fuqiang asteroid, the leader was Li Qingping, the guard of the Huaxia Sector on the Manut asteroid.

At this moment, the longsword was held upside down and charged towards the place with the strongest energy fluctuations like a meteor. Even if a Planetary realm powerhouse had not deliberately cultivated Genetic Base Points related to vision, their vision was still extremely shocking.

From afar, Li Qingping saw Xu Tui chasing after a Planetary realm powerhouse. He was instantly stunned.

Li Qingping was not the only one. The Planetary realm powerhouse from the

India Sector, Asid, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the American Sector, Haydoff, and the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Russian Federation, Anlevich, were also stunned.

The internal organizations of the various sectors had already given them important information about Xu Tui, the commander of the Huaxia Sector’s Worldly Special Force. They all understood him.

He was very strong and could evolve and transmut!

He had the strength! He had even fought against a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse with the help of several combatants and the Origin Crystal ability seal card.

However, why did he have to chase a Planetary realm powerhouse around?

Not only was this unscientific, but even metaphysics could not make sense!

In theory, a Planetary realm powerhouse would most likely be able to kill Xu Tui with a slap.

As it was a rescue, the four Planetary realm powerhouses swooped down extremely quickly. They immediately saw what Xu Tui was holding under his armpit.

Two three-phase thermal bombs!

No wonder!

When he saw the truth clearly, Li Qingping’s expression became inexplicably complicated. He clicked on the recording on his communication device and sighed.

At this moment, the image that had been silent in his mind for a long time suddenly surged out. The corners of his eyes were actually a little moist.

This scene was too f*cking familiar!

Back then, when he was in the Pangu Special Forces, he had seen such a scene many times. This gameplay was called hooliganism by Old Cai! Someone had succeeded. And someone had gone overboard!

One of them was because he had gone overboard…

Up until now, they would take the time to sprinkle a glass of wine on his grave every year. Occasionally, they would even bring a simulated printed beauty over.

Science could no longer explain this world. No one knew if they could receive it if they burned it, but they would burn it first.

“Young man, well done. Leave it to me!”

With an explosive roar, the sword light had already slashed down before he arrived. However, this sword slashed between the Planetary powerhouse of the Fission Race and Xu Tui. It had more intention of attacking than protecting Xu Tui.

No matter what the reason was, there were not many people who were crazy enough to chase the enemy’s Planetary powerhouses all over the place.

It was really very little!

However, many of them were worth protecting or… commemorating!

Asid from the India Sector, Haydoff from the American Sector, and Anlevich from the Russian Federation also had complicated expressions. On this point, the Huaxia Sector was really strong!

This was especially so for the America and India Sectors.

As for the situation on the Fuqiang asteroid, Asid and Haydoff glanced at it and felt a little embarrassed.

How should he put it? Just from the situation of the battle, it could be seen that the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force and the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force were very conservative.

They were more reserved.

However, judging from the number of people, they had lost a lot of people.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Li Qingping enter the battle. He immediately stuffed the two three-phase thermal bombs back into the quantum dimensional chain and heaved a sigh of relief.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui completely realized that he had been holding his head and spinning in circles just now. He was in danger of shattering into pieces at any moment.

However, he did not think too much about it.

He wanted to restrain this Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race. Otherwise, even if the Worldly Special Force was not wiped out, more than half of them would be dead or injured.

Now that Li Qingping had taken it, he felt that his arms were especially soft. His entire body was instantly covered in sweat as he panted heavily.

However, his eyes were very clear.

The direction of the incident was completely in line with his previous guess. To be honest, in terms of scheming and fighting, the six major sectors of the Blue Star had been fighting for years. This skill was almost the max level of 999.

Not counting the Worldly Special Force, the six pioneer special forces of different organizations accurately arrived at the Fuqiang asteroid. If the people in charge of the six major sectors of the Blue Star only foolishly sent their respective pioneer special forces over,

Xu Tui would look down on them. And it was the kind that looked down on him through the circles. He should have a backup plan.

Look, their backup plan came!

Lei Hong and Lei Gen were completely depressed!

This isn’t right.

Just now, they had already contacted Commander-in-chief Lei Tian and confirmed that the Planetary realm guards of the Blue Star were all on the Manut asteroid.

Why were there four of them now? Suddenly, three words appeared in Lei Hong and Lei Gen’s minds.

“We’ve been tricked!”

Commander-in -chief Lei Tian might have been tricked. There might be a problem with the Manut asteroid. He had to inform Commander-in-chief Lei Tian immediately.

With the addition of the four Planetary powerhouses from the Blue Star, the situation was one-sided. Lei Gen decisively gave the order to retreat and made a strategic exchange that made him very proud in an extremely short period of time.

He communicated with Thousand-Leap Commander Bram of the Great Xi Clan.

In a battle involving top experts, there was still a chance of survival if it was one against two. However, if it was one against three or even one against four, the possibility of escaping became very small.

The Spiritual Race also wanted to withdraw more power.

Otherwise, under the pursuit of four Planetary realm powerhouses, who knew how many quasi-planetary realm powerhouses would be able to escape?

The other severely injured Planetary realm might also die on the spot.

“Mr. Bram, how do you think the four Planetary realm experts of the Blue Star will deal with you after we are defeated and escape? Will they treat you to some tea?” Lei Gen’s words shocked Bram!

The four Planetary realm experts of the Blue Star might treat Bram to tea, but it was hard to say what kind of tea he would drink.

There was not much room for negotiation in the race wars in the universe.

After being captured, they would do anything to obtain valuable information. There was no bottom line between different races.

Just like how the humans of the Blue Star would not talk about bottom lines to rats, they would not talk about bottom lines to the Great Xi Clan.

Therefore, in just a short moment, Xu Tui’s fake comrade, Bram, turned against him. He had abandoned his fake comrade, Xu Tui, and replaced his fake comrade with Lei Hong from the Spiritual Race.

“Bram, how could you do this?” Xu Tui had a pained expression when he saw Bram instantly turn to the enemy camp and fight side by side with Lei Hong.

“My dear Xu Tui, we are still comrades. I was only forced by the situation. However, I think that we still have a chance to cooperate. Didn’t I give you my contact information previously?” Bram explained to Xu Tui as he fought with Haydoff.

At the side, Lei Hong was so angry that his nose was crooked. Even if they were fake comrades, you could not f*cking start to hook up with them in front of them.

Bram planned to have a deeper cooperation with the Blue Star Humans.

Indeed, the Great Xi Clan was unreliable!

Lei Hong had originally hoped that the extravagant quark particle jumper of the Great Xi Clan would send over a Planetary realm expert and a few quasi-planetary experts. This way, they would have the possibility of defeating or even killing the Blue Star humans here if they cooperated with the Great Xi Clan.

But now, Bram’s impromptu hook had destroyed his last hope. He could not rely on his fake comrades! What if they secretly reached an agreement and stabbed him in the back?

He had to think of a way to retreat safely!

A battle that involved seven Planetary realm powerhouses was going on in such an infighting environment.

The four Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star were fine. All of them were going all out.

Although there was infighting on the Blue Star, most of the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star would not and did not dare to play tricks during battle.

There were only a small number of Planetary realm powerhouses.

In other words, there was only a small group of comrades who could fight alongside you. Everyone was in the Planetary realm. It was fine if they were usually infighting, but if you dared to play tricks in battle, there would only be one outcome—no comrades!

The situation had already begun to turn. However, because the Great XI Clan had changed sides at the last minute, the expected defeat of the Spiritual Race did not happen.

The alliance army of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race gradually retreated in defeat. The pressure on the various special forces instantly decreased.

Although there were casualties in the battle, the number of deaths was not as high as before.

The Spiritual Race’s desire to retreat was still very strong.

“Professor Li, can you create an opportunity for me to interfere?” Xu Tui took out the three-phase thermal explosive that he had thrown back into the quantum dimensional chain when he saw the situation.

Xu Tui did not know how to address him, but Planetary realm powerhouses basically had the title of professors from various universities. Therefore, Professor Li was right.

“You’ve fought alongside Shihua, right? Call me Uncle in the future!” Li Qingping, who was fighting Lei Hong, smiled.

“Alright, Uncle Li! If you have a limited chance to freeze the enemy, tell me. My three-phase thermal bomb has been thirsty for a long time!”

Li Qingping was amused when he heard that. He laughed out loud. “Good!”

Lei Hong became even more anxious! Although the probability was very low, the probability of dying was too high if he was coincidentally freezed and then shot by a three-phase thermal bomb.

Thinking of this, they retreated even faster!

A minute later, the Great Xi Clan’s quark particle jumper instantly flashed with a dazzling light. A large number of phantoms appeared and began to materialize.

Lei Hong only took a glance and roughly determined that the Great Xi Clan had actually jumped two Planetary realm powerhouses at once. One of them had an extremely powerful aura.

According to the energy fluctuations emitted, even if it was not comparable to the commander-in-chief, Lord Lei Tian, it was not much different! He was probably a Planetary realm powerhouse with seven or eight satellites.

Executive Officer!

He was definitely a figure at the level of an executive of the Great Xi Clan.

“Is it possible to cooperate with the Great Xi Clan and destroy the Blue Star humans?” Lei Hong asked Lei Gen, who was good at strategy.

“Yes, but I’m afraid the price to pay for destroying the Blue Star humans here is not small! At that time, if we’re not careful, the Great Xi Clan will destroy us instead,” Lei Gen said.

“What if we join forces with the Blue Star humans and destroy the Great Xi Clan?” Lei Hong asked.

“It’s possible, but it’s more likely that the Blue Star humans will cooperate with the Great Xi Clan and completely destroy us,” Lei Gen deduced.

Lei Hong was depressed. Under such circumstances, there was no doubt that the best choice was to retreat. Moreover, they had to retreat before the executive officer of the Great Xi Clan completely warped over.

“The reinforcements of the Great Xi Clan are here!” @@novelbin@@

There was no need for Lei Hong to sow discord. The four Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star had already intensified their attacks on Bram.

Haydoff had launched a surprise attack on the quasi-planetary of the Great Xi Clan!

Under the overwhelming attacks of the Ice Wheel and Ice Stab, Haydoff killed a quasi-planet of the Great Xi Clan in an extremely short period of time and severely injured two of them.

Anlevich wanted to launch a surprise attack on the quark particle jumper and interrupt the jump, but he was stopped by Bram and the other two quasi-planetary realm powerhouses.

In the quark particle jumper, Günter’s phantom gradually materialized.

Suddenly, a stream of blue dazzling Mysterious Energy shot out straight at Anlevich. Blinks flashed around Anlevich’s body as he received the attack. However, he could not help but retreat a hundred meters. Blood seeped out of the corner of his mouth.

“Li, you have to deal with this person!” Anlevich wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and quickly exchanged positions with Li Qingping.

Lei Hong, Lei Gen, and the others also took the opportunity to retreat with the remaining troops.

At the same time, above the Manut asteroid, Lei Tian, who was confronting another ‘Li Qingping’, suddenly had an ugly expression after receiving Lei

Gen’s emergency message..