Chapter 1002 - Chapter 1002: Plastic Comrade (2)

Chapter 1002: Plastic Comrade (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Great Xi Clan only had Bram, a planetary realm expert, but Bram was a five-satellite planetary expert. Compared to a four-satellite planetary expert like Lei Hong, he was slightly stronger.

However, under the siege of the three planetary experts, Bram was also forced back step by step.

As for the quasi-planetary realm experts, there were five from the Great Xi Clan and seven from the Spiritual Race. @@novelbin@@

The five quasi-planetary realm experts of the Great Xi Clan were all from the

Great Xi Clan. Among the seven quasi-planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race, only one was from the Spiritual Race. The other six were all vassal races, and their combat strength was much weaker.

They were on par.

However, the Great Xi Clan’s disadvantage was very obvious. As long as Bram was killed by Lei Hong and the others, the Great Xi Clan would be wiped out.

However, the abilities of the Great Xi Clan were also displayed at this moment.

The 50 Transformation Realm experts of the Great Xi Clan at the back formed a team of 10. The captain took the lead to export the cosmic energy he cultivated. Their own people were more willing to call it Mystical Energy.

It was the same source as the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

The other nine people in the team also released their own Mystical Energy like the captain. The Mystical Energy in the ten-man team condensed into a huge

energy pillar and entered the bodies of the planetary and quasi-planetary experts fighting in front.

This was especially true for Bram. After being injected with three streams of Mystical Energy, the situation of the battle immediately improved. Be it attack or defense, they both improved.

The other two quasi-planetary realm Great Xi clansmen had also received support from their own clansmen. Their combat strength had increased greatly, and they were not far from victory.

This was the uniqueness of the energy cultivated from the Great Xi Clan’s cultivation techniques.

The energy cultivated by everyone in the Great Xi Clan had a high degree of fusion.

In wartime, they could integrate support remotely like this, causing the combat strength and continuous combat ability of the top experts of the Great Xi Clan to become extremely abnormal.

Lei Hong was anxious.

If they could not take down the planetary experts of the Great Xi Clan in a short period of time, and if the Great Xi Clan’s quasi-planets succeeded in killing their quasi-planets, then there was really a possibility that the Great Xi Clan would turn the situation over.

At the back, Lei Gen had already made arrangements.

Dozens of Transformation Realm experts had already used various methods to bypass the area where the experts were fighting and attack the Great Xi Clan’s Transformation Realm experts to weaken their reinforcements.

Soon, the Great Xi Clan was in danger!

Bram kept roaring, but he was trapped by the three planetary experts. It was already good enough that he could hold on for a while with the support from the back.

As for counterattacking or supporting others, it was impossible!

“Mr. Bram, your reinforcements are here. Excuse me!”

Xu Tui’s voice suddenly sounded from behind. However, what was faster than Xu Tui’s voice was a bullet tied to a flying sword and fired at high speed.

Three-phase thermal bomb!

Bram’s expression changed drastically.

Not only did Bram’s expression change drastically, but the expressions of Lei Hong and the other two planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race also changed drastically. If they were hit by Xu Tui’s three-phase thermal bomb in this entangled state, they would be severely injured even if they did not die.

“Retreat!”

With a furious roar, Lei Hong and his men instantly retreated to avoid this three-phase thermal bomb.

However, before retreating, the three planetary experts of the Spiritual Race attacked fiercely, forcing Bram to retreat towards the three-phase thermal bomb.

At the same time, Lei Hong’s lightning blasted out. He wanted to help Xu Tui detonate the three-phase thermal bomb in advance.

As long as this kind of hot arms was used well, it was uncertain whose helper it was.

Bram, who was forced to retreat by the three planetary experts, instantly despaired! This time, he was probably done for. Even if he could barely withstand this three-phase thermal bomb, he would definitely be severely injured.

With his heavy injuries, the three fellows of the Spiritual Race could destroy him in the next second.

“I’m in charge of what’s mine!”

The three-phase thermal bomb that was flying suddenly sank. A small mountain appeared above it and blocked the lightning. He pulled out the Mental Vibrating Whip consecutively and the lightning dissipated. Just as Lei Hong and the others retreated, a three-phase thermal bomb suddenly flew over from another fork in the road.

Xu Tui, whose mind power had already covered the surroundings, instantly detonated the three-phase thermal bomb with a move of his mind power.

The benefits of being familiar with the terrain were vividly displayed at this moment.

Lei Hong and the other two planetary experts roared. However, their angry roars were drowned out by the flames of the three-phase thermal bomb.

It was not too close.

But it wasn’t far!

Looking at the incomparably powerful energy fluctuation that exploded in the distance, Bram froze and turned around to look behind him.

Xu Tui was standing at the end of the passageway. A few hundred meters in front of him was a three-phase thermal bomb. He was looking at him with a smile. “Mr. Bram, before the Spiritual Race was destroyed, we should be comrades, right?”

Stunned for a moment, Bram hurriedly nodded. This was too f*cking right! Even if it was wrong, it had to be right!

At this moment, whoever could help him resist the Spiritual Race’s attack would be his friend. They had to be comrades! Even if it was plastic, it had to be!

Lei Hong and the other two planetary experts of the Spiritual Race rushed out from the flames of the three-phase thermal bomb. Lei Hong and the other planetary realm expert from the Dissimilate Race were fine, but the third planetary realm expert from the Fission Race was severely injured.

When the three-phase thermal bomb exploded just now, it was this planetary realm expert of the Fission Race who defended with all his might and blocked most of the power.

Therefore, Lei Hong and the other person were fine. However, the power of this three-phase thermal bomb was more than that.

This three-phase thermal bomb also took away a quasi-planetary cultivator of the Spiritual Race, severely injured another quasi-planet, and took away several Transmutation realm experts.

It could be said to be a heavy loss.

The scales of victory and defeat were pulled back a little in an instant.

Lei Hong glared hatefully at Xu Tui, who was at the back. Unfortunately, there was Bram in the middle. Otherwise, he would have definitely killed Xu Tui first.

Little did he know that Xu Tui’s palms were sweating.

Xu Tui was a little nervous when he faced the two planetary realm experts. He held the planetary realm expert Jagren’s Spatial Fold Defense Card tightly in his hand, ready to activate it at any time.

Reality proved that Bram, this plastic comrade, was quite reliable. With a roar, he immediately charged towards Lei Hong.

One of the three planetary realm cultivators of the Spiritual Race was seriously injured, and Bram had the support of the rear. The pressure on him was greatly reduced.

The more Lei Hong fought, the more aggrieved he felt. He had been schemed against by a small Genetic Evolution Realm expert and changed the situation of the battle. He was also furious. He turned around and shouted at Lei Gen, “Have you achieved your basic goal?”

“It’s done. All the battle recordings have been collected!” Lei Gen replied immediately.

“In that case, carry out the third plan you set just now!” Lei Hong shouted.

“The third plan?”

“Yes, execute it immediately. We don’t want anyone alive either! A bunch of rats. Do they think they’ll be fine just because they’re hiding in a rat hole? I’ll destroy their rat hole now and surround them outside!”

“Retreat! Cover each other!”

In this complicated and restricted base, Lei Hong was very aggrieved from fighting.

Almost at the same time, the experts of the Spiritual Race began to cover each other and leave the battle quickly.

At the same time, Lei Gen began to give orders.

“Plan 3, begin implementation!”