Chapter 1003 - Chapter 1003: Infrasonic Wave Field And The Moving Company (1)

Chapter 1003: Infrasonic Wave Field and the Moving Company (1) @@novelbin@@

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Under Lei Gen’s orders and under Lei Hong’s cover, a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse from the Mechanical Spirit Race suddenly retreated rapidly.

After retreating to the entrance of the Great Xi Clan’s base, the quasi-planetary realm powerhouse of the Mechanical Spirit Race swallowed a large number of Origin Crystals and began to change his form, just like the ancient

Transformers of the Blue Star,

However, the change in form was a little beyond the normal range.

In just two seconds, a humanoid object turned into something that looked like a tower crane that had drilled deep into the ground.

Two huge round hammers that looked like pendulums hung at the top.

A quasi-planet of the Fission Race also retreated to the side of the Shapeshifted Mechanical Spirit Race’s quasi-planet at this moment. He used his strength to push the pair of pendulum hammers.

Boom!

A pair of pendulum hammers first hit the tower fiercely. Occasionally, the power of the Fission Race would fuse into it.

An ear-piercing sonic boom exploded.

But they were all within the acceptable range. They did not seem to be injured. There was a rumbling sound under his feet. The entire base was rumbling. The places that had been blasted by the three-phase thermal bomb had already begun to slowly collapse.

Boom!

The two pendulum hammers, together with the power of the Fission Race’s quasi-planet, collided with each other.

The pendulum hammers collided, and an ear-piercing sonic boom exploded. Under the enhancement of the Fission Race’s quasi-planet, invisible sound waves erupted.

In an instant, Xu Tui suddenly felt an inexplicable sense of nausea. His internal organs felt like they were spinning. He felt extremely uncomfortable. He also felt a little dizzy.

“Infrasonic wave field! They want to completely destroy this place!” Before Xu Tui could figure it out, the Planetary powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan, Bram, exclaimed.

This instantly matched Xu Tui’s feelings.

He knew about the infrasonic wave. There were also a few students in the

Huaxia Genetic Evolution College who had activated the relevant Genetic Base Points and obtained the ability of the infrasonic wave. However, it was extremely difficult to improve it.

As for the infrasonic wave field, it only existed in records. The technology of the Blue Star could not replicate this phenomenon. It only recorded the place where the infrasonic wave field was sounded. After the infrasonic wave field ended, everything that happened would be reduced to powder!

It was roughly the repetition and strengthening of the infrasonic waves, forming an infrasonic wave field that could carry out a destructive attack.

However, when he used it, the terrain restriction was relatively large. He could not do it in an empty place.

However, they could definitely do this in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

“Is there a way to crack it?” Xu Tui asked.

If it was really an infrasonic wave field that could not be broken, he had to escape from the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan as soon as possible. Otherwise, this ancient base of the Great Xi Clan would become a graveyard for everyone.

“Yes, kill the source of the sound! But now…

In this short moment, Lei Hong and the others had already retreated above the entrance of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base. It was also above the infrasonic wave field generator that the Mechanical Spirit Race shapeshifted. They were throwing in a large number of Origin Crystals.

That location was also the only location that the infrasonic wave field could not affect.

If Bram rushed over now, he would be surrounded by Lei Hong and another Planetary powerhouse. Not only would he not be able to destroy them, but he might also die on the spot!

At the entrance of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base, two specially constructed pendulums, supported by the Fission Race’s quasi-planet, first bombarded the tower itself, then collided fiercely with a pair of pendulums.

Xu Tui felt that the infrasonic wave field around him was constantly strengthening. The discomfort was getting heavier. He felt like he was vomiting. Some places had already begun to collapse continuously. Even his mental perception was greatly affected.

This was really… crushing!

If the Spiritual Race had used such a destructive method the moment they arrived, Xu Tui and the others would not have been able to survive until now.

Xu Tui was not the only one. Even Bram, who was in the Planetary realm, had an uncomfortable expression. Clearly, he, who was in the Planetary realm, was also affected. Furthermore, the impact was not small.

“If… Lavis surrendered to you, then you must know about the other exit of this base, right?” Bram suddenly looked at Xu Tui.

The Great Xi Clan’s base had its own building rules, especially the base built underground. It was impossible to build a dead end and dig their own graves. If that was the case, when an enemy could destroy this place, they would be buried even without digging the grave. Therefore, there must be a way out.

However, it was very secretive.

There was at least a backup safe exit. This was the construction regulations of the Great Xi Clan’s base. However, the terrain and environment were different. Where this safe exit was opened was different.

He could confirm that there was an exit to this ancient base, but he did not know where it was.

It would take time to find it.

That was why Bram had asked Xu Tui. The power of the infrasonic wave field this time was not powerful enough, but it was long-lasting. Furthermore, it was the kind that became fiercer the more he fought.

Xu Tui nodded.

This was also the fundamental reason why Xu Tui dared to defend the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. If it was really a dead end, he would be stewed in a pot if he was not careful. Xu Tui did not dare to defend it.

“Then should we retreat together?”

Bram had an uncomfortable expression. Xu Tui’s face was also red and his heart was beating like a drum in the gradually strengthening infrasonic field. This time, ordinary defensive methods, be it the combat uniform or the Vajra Barrier, had a certain level of defensive effect. However, the defensive effect was very weak.

“Retreat together, but we will have to face the full-powered attack of the

Spiritual Race after we get out. Can you withstand it?” Xu Tui said to Bram..