Chapter 1006 - Chapter 1006: Madness (2)

Chapter 1006: Madness (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the next moment, a thousand-meter-long bolt of lightning instantly spread out and twisted towards Bram like a dragon.

Bram’s expression changed drastically. Lei Hong and the other Planetary realm expert attacked with all their might!

Behind him, the 50 Transmutation Realm experts of the Great Xi Clan also output their energy with all their might. The two teams supporting the quasi-planet also threw their energy at Bram at this moment.

However, at this moment, the enemy Bram encountered was too strong. It was equivalent to the siege of three Planetary realm experts.

In just a second, Bram was blasted back repeatedly. The 50 Transmutation Realm clansmen behind him forcefully used their energy to buy time for Bram, but they were shattered by Lei Hong.

The 50 Transmutation Realm Great Xi Clan members also instantly spat out blood and fell backward.

At this moment, an extremely powerful aura with a hint of the Planetary realm instantly rose from behind him, scaring LeiHong so much that he trembled! A scarlet ray of light shot straight toward the quasi-planet of the Dissimilate Clan who was attacking Xu Tui.

This red ray shocked Lei Hong so much that he trembled!

Erera!

She was a top expert who could fight Commander Lei Tian to the death!

However, in just an instant, Lei Hong reacted. It was an Origin Crystal ability seal card.

When the quasi-planet of the Dissimilate Clan recovered his consciousness, the red ray had already struck his chest and pierced through it. He did not give up on escaping. Instead, his figure instantly flashed. However, just as he flashed, the huge golden saber slashed down, causing his figure to materialize.

Zhou Chuan roared and blocked the two Spiritual Race Transmutation Realm experts who had rushed over to save him.

In an instant, the red ray moved up like a sharp weapon that was emitting a high temperature. It melted a huge hole in the chest of the quasi-planetary of the Dissimilate Clan. Then, it went up, neck, and head.

He died!

This was the Scarlet Ray Origin Crystal ability seal card that Xu Tui had exchanged for by flattering Erera. Of course, this might also be because of Old

Cai’s face and favor.

Now that it was used, its power was indeed extraordinary.

However, the situation had changed again. Bram was seriously injured. Due to Xu Tui’s performance, another planetary powerhouse from the Fission Race instantly pounced toward Xu Tui.

He actually wanted to kill Xu Tui first.

Clearly, they felt that Xu Tui was the greatest threat.

Zhou Chuan, Yang Huai, Luo Murong, Zhao Hailong, and the others all had ugly expressions. It was still possible for them to work together to block the quasi-planetary realm, but it was basically impossible for them to block the Planetary realm.

He would only be killed in one strike!

“I’ll do it! Decide how to fight! ” Zhou Chuan roared and was the first to jump out.

Xu Tui also had a headache when a Planetary realm powerhouse attacked. He could not block it at all!

Xu Tui suddenly had an epiphany.

There was a saying: Those who did care about their lives were afraid of those who did not care about their lives. Those who did not care about their lives were afraid of lunatics!

In that case, he would be a lunatic!

“Move aside! Move aside!” As he spoke, Xu Tui’s figure flashed. He took the initiative to charge toward the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race. The distance instantly shortened to less than 100 meters.

At the same time, two three-phase thermal bombs suddenly appeared under Xu Tui’s armpits.

Damn!

The expression of the Planetary powerhouse from the Fission Race who was charging toward Xu Tui changed drastically. He turned around and dodged.

It was not worth it to die with a mere Genetic Evolution Realm expert! It was really not worth it!

However, even if Xu Tui could not kill him, the others could.

As for the others, he would rush over and kill them!

With a flash of his claws, an Evolution Realm Warrior was torn into pieces. It was a piece of cake.

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. The person who had been killed was a warrior from the Worldly Special Force.

At this moment, Xu Tui also reacted. This Planetary realm expert of the Fission Race was the only variable on the battlefield. If he was allowed to mess around, who knew how many people from the Worldly Special Force would die?

Who knew how many people would die in the three special forces? @@novelbin@@

If those who were afraid of death were afraid of lunatics, he would go crazy this time!

In the next moment, Xu Tui flew up on his sword. He hugged the two three-phase thermal bombs and chased after the Planetary realm powerhouse at lightning speed.

“F*ck you, I’ll fight you to the death!” Xu Tui roared.

The Fission Race’s planetary powerhouse was stunned when he saw Xu Tui chasing after him with two three-phase thermal bombs.

What kind of f*cking operation was this? Was he going to die with him? Is that

possible?

He was in the Planetary realm. It would be a loss if he died with a small Evolution Realm like him!

However, the problem was that the Fission Race was better at short-range attacks.

Xu Tui, who had been flying on the flying sword, dodged a few times. The Planetary realm expert of the Fission Race’s head buzzed and he did an extremely embarrassing action.

Escape!

They could not die together!

It was too fast!

Xu Tui, who was carrying two three-phase thermal bombs, chased after him.

Lei Hong was furious. He assigned the other quasi-planetary experts to help stop them, but no one dared to sell their lives. There was a tradition for the Blue Star humans to launch such a suicide attack.

In the last battle on the moon, several planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race were killed like this. Under the suicidal charge of these warriors who had the intention to die, anyone who stopped them would die!

Did Xu Tui have the intention to die?

He did not know!

However, be it Ruan Da, Orona, Danrick, Larriwang, Huang Tong, Ger Ning, and the others who were fighting in the distance, including the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan, Bram, they also silently gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up.

What a hero!

The members of the Worldly Special Force were so agitated that tears welled up in their eyes. They only hated that they did not have the three-phase thermal explosive in their hands. Otherwise, they would have charged forward with the three-phase thermal explosive.

However, under the turbulence of the crowd, their auras were released. They all used suicidal moves to exchange injuries for injuries. For a moment, they severely injured and killed the Transmutation Realm experts of the Spiritual

Race.

Just as Xu Tui was sending the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Fission Race flying, cold sweat broke out on Xu Tui’s head. He had been hot-blooded just now. Now that he had calmed down, Xu Tui realized that he was sitting at the mouth of the volcano.

If he caught up, he would definitely turn into ashes as long as it exploded. If he turned around and stopped chasing, he would die tragically on the spot when this Planetary realm powerhouse turned around and charged over.

Xu Tui instantly came to a realization.

He could not back down!

He would definitely die if he cowered!

He first chased after him with the three-phase thermal explosive. From time to time, he had to dodge or defend against the sneak attacks of the Spiritual Race. However, he was burning with anxiety.

If this continued, he would eventually go overboard! He still had one of Erera’s red rays. Should he use it again? However, the balance of victory and defeat could not be broken.

Suddenly, Xu Tui saw that the quark particle jumper behind Bram and the others had lit up again.

It was fully charged.

Bram held on desperately and protected the quark particle jumper. Lei Hong was also anxious!

The Great Xi Clan could send another wave of reinforcements! But it was the enemy’s! What should he do? Even if they chased away the Spiritual Race, if the wolf left, there would still be tigers…

Just as Xu Tui was desperately searching for a way out, a spark suddenly exploded above the Fuqiang asteroid.

Meteor!

However, among the meteors, four extremely powerful Planetary powerhouses instantly charged over, causing everyone’s expressions to become strange.

Which family were they from?