Chapter 1001 - Chapter 1001: Plastic Comrade (1)

Chapter 1001: Plastic Comrade (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Great Xi Clan’s Bram’s choice was not unexpected. He had chosen to be friends with Xu Tui.

Temporary friends.

However, Bram was also very disgusted and unhappy with such exploitation, even though he was a gentleman. Therefore, he decided not to put in any effort.

After choosing to be friends with Xu Tui, under Xu Tui’s polite request, Bram could only follow Xu Tui’s request and head in another direction.

According to Xu Tui, the endpoint in the other direction was their common enemy, the Spiritual Race. @@novelbin@@

As a member of the Great Xi Clan, although this base had been around for quite some time, the general layout had not changed. Bram knew very well that although this base did not go in all directions, there were definitely many passageways.

He was prepared to go further away and find a fork in the road to quickly charge the quark particle jumper.

After charging, another group of people could jump over.

At that time, their strength and confidence would be even greater, be it against their enemy, the Spiritual Race, or their prey—the Blue Star humans!

However, when they passed the next fork, a familiar mind power fluctuation appeared near the fork. In the middle of the fork, there were also two three-phase nuclear bombs.

At this moment, Bram seemed to have seen Xu Tui from Blue Star standing at the intersection and looking at them with a smile.

They continued to go out.

Bram was in no hurry. There were many fOrks. He did not believe that every fork was filled with three-phase thermal bombs.

In the depths of the base, Yan Lie suddenly reported, “Commander, the Spiritual Race has already dug out the entrance to the base. They might be coming in. ”

“Okay. Other than the people I named, everyone else, retreat to the back of the absolute safety door.” Xu Tui carefully extended his mental strength after he finished speaking.

The Spiritual Race, who had dug out the entrance of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base again, had also become very careful this time.

They did not rush in like a swarm of bees.

If they really rushed in like this and the Blue Star humans detonated a few more three-phase thermal bombs, they would suffer a huge loss. Even if the planetary realm experts could escape, the others would suffer huge losses.

The greater the ability, the greater the responsibility.

After opening the entrance, they attacked the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base again. The three planetary realm experts led by Lei Hong from the Spiritual Race split into three routes to scout the way.

The quasi-planets and the Transmutation Realm expert followed closely behind from a distance. After all, with the strength and speed of a planetary expert, even if the three-phase thermal bomb blasted over, as long as their movement wasn’t restricted, they could still survive.

If he was careful and retreated in time, he wouldn’t even be injured.

However, after rushing into one of the passageways in the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base, Lei Hong was stunned. The moment his powerful mind power spread out, he actually sensed an extremely powerful wave of energy fluctuation.

Moreover, this wave of energy fluctuation aura was completely different from the Blue Star humans. There was even a planetary realm expert among them.

Lei Hong’s expression changed.

Carefully, Lei Hong took the initiative to lean in this direction and spread out his mental perception. Thirty seconds later, Lei Hong’s expression instantly turned ferocious.

The Great Xi Clan!

After searching for half a day, the Great Xi Clan was actually here!

Before coming here, Lei Tian had deliberately instructed them to lure the Great Xi Clan on this asteroid in the asteroid belt in order to deal with the Sanctuary. However, if they encountered the Great Xi Clan, the Great Xi Clan had to be exterminated!

The asteroid belt was the asteroid belt of the forward operating base. The humans of the Blue Star could enter, but in the eyes of the Spiritual Race, the humans of the Blue Star were like children. Even if they killed their way into the asteroid belt, they would not cause any trouble.

However, the Great Xi Clan was different.

The Great Xi Clan was engaged in a fierce battle with the Spiritual Race in the Milky Way Galaxy. Moreover, they had the same goal in coming to the solar system.

Once the Great Xi Clan gained a firm foothold in the solar system, Lei Tian’s forward operating base would be in trouble.

Therefore, if the Great Xi was found, they had to be killed!

Most importantly, there was actually a planetary realm expert among the Great Xi Clan!

In comparison, the humans of the Blue Star only relied on a few three-phase thermal bombs to defend with the threat of perishing together. They were basically no threat to them.

On the contrary, the Great Xi Clan was extremely threatening.

In particular, the Great Xi Clan had long-distance warp technology and could call for reinforcements at any time.

Therefore, Lei Hong immediately ordered the others to surround and annihilate the planetary expert of the Great Xi Clan.

In an instant, the planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race who had just entered the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base surrounded and attacked.

Lei Gen, who was commanding from the back, was a little confused. Lei Hong’s change was a little too fast and did not inform him. However, after knowing the details, Lei Gen could only tacitly agree.

Lei Hong’s decision was correct. The Great Xi Clan was a threat to them. They had to be eliminated first when they met on a narrow path. The humans of the Blue Star here were just mosquitoes.

30 seconds later, Bram, who was charging the Quark Particle Jumper, was stunned!

“Enemy attack! Spiritual Race, prepare for battle!” Bram roared!

Bram was very helpless. He hadn’t gone to look for the Spiritual Race, but they had come to look for him first.

At this moment, Bram suddenly understood the plan of Blue Star’s Xu Tui. He had predicted that the Spiritual Race would charge in! At this moment, other than fighting, he could only fight!

The Spiritual Race would not give him a chance to negotiate.

In an instant, the experts of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race collided..