Chapter 1017 - Chapter 1017: The Relationship Between The Main Wife And The Mistress (2)

Chapter 1017: The Relationship Between the Main Wife and the Mistress (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“If it was to fuse with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, perhaps you will unintentionally create a new life. Maybe a new species?” Xu Tui was immediately stunned when he heard that. Creating a new life, a new species, this…

“Principal, that’s unlikely, right?”

“Nothing is impossible! It’s said that the Mechanical Spirit Race is an alloy lifeform created by the Spiritual Race. What the Spiritual Race can do, I believe that our Human Race can also do it,” Cai Shaochu said.

“What about Tri Ling Ding’s plan?”

“It’s feasible.”

“It’s feasible?” Xu Tui frowned slightly. “However, I’m a little worried about safety. It can’t be killed. I basically don’t have a way to control it.”

“Previously, there was no way to control it. If it had fused with this Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, it would have. It’s not the only one. You can also use the third plan that you don’t dare to implement,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui was stunned again. “Principal, are you talking about the captive of the

Great Xi Clan, Lavis?”

“Of course! Come, I’ll teach you the method. Actually, you can figure it out yourself.”

According to Cai Shaochu, the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body was formed after the Planetary powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan died.

The path of the Great Xi Clan was very strange. It was a little like the separation of spirit and flesh.

Actually, in essence, the Great Xi Clan materialized their spirits, which were also their mental bodies, with their power. Their physical bodies were just a carrier suitable for them to unleash their power.

This materialized object was the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

Originally, Mysterious Silver Glazed Body was filled with the mind power of a Planetary powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan. But he died, and his mind power dissipated.

This thing was blank.

To a certain extent, the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body might be the most suitable carrier for mind power in this world. Things that were suitable for mind power could be played with.

The Mysterious Silver Glazed Body also had a very important characteristic— Entrenchment of first impressions!

After the blank space, whoever’s mind power entered first would be able to taint the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body with their aura. It was as if he was supplementing the second owner. In the future, no matter who obtained the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, if the second owner’s mind power did not dissipate, then, the one who obtained it later would be the third owner.

As the second owner, he could play many tricks.

Under Cai Shaochu’s guidance, Xu Tui began to take out two of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Bodies. He began to use his mind power to enter. This was a scientific method.

The explanation of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body was to make the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body acknowledge Xu Tui as its master and leave a mark of the Explosion Formula at the core of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

If Xu Tui gave Lavis a Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and allowed him to recover a certain level of strength, then Lavis would have second thoughts.

Xu Tui would then be able to detonate the Explosion Formula at the core.

The Explosion Formula brand could not kill the disloyal Lavis, but it could instantly cause a resonance with Xu Tui’s mind power that was still in the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. It could instantly flick Lavis’ mental body out. In short, if the main wife did not die, the mistress would not be able to take over!

It was the same for Tri Ling Ding. However, this move could only take back the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body that had fused into Tri Ling Ding’s body. The image was that the original owner had come online and the hacker had been kicked offline.

This method had a lot of restrictions on Lavis.

That was because as long as Lavis did not have a physical body, his strength would be greatly weakened by Xu Tui’s mental hammer. The restriction on Tri Ling Ding would not be too great.

“Principal, these things are so precious. Why don’t you keep two?” Xu Tui had a total of five Mysterious Silver Glazed Bodies. He planned to use three of them, so he generously took out two for Cai Shaochu.

Cai Shaochu waved his hand to refuse. “I’m not using it for the time being. Moreover, this thing is not a consumable item. As long as it’s in your hands, you can take a portion when you want to use it.

“However, when you meet your grandmaster, Shang Long, you can mention this thing. This thing might be very helpful to the research on the abnormal load of mind power that he has put in a lot of effort.”

“Yes, I understand. By the way, Principal, is there any latest news from Miss An and Miss Qu from the pioneer raiders?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, there’s news from 12 days ago. Their situation is not bad. Qu Qingshan has successfully broken through to the Transmutation Realm. However, they discovered the traces of the Spiritual Race’s reconnaissance personnel, so they are a little nervous now,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Then can you confirm the exact location of the pioneer raiders?”

Xu Tui became anxious when he heard that a scout from the Spiritual Race had appeared on the exploration planet where An Xiaoxue was.

Cai Shaochu was about to reply when his communication device suddenly rang. Cai Shaochu did not avoid Xu Tui and picked it up in front of him.

“Principal Cai, there’s a message from the moon. There’s an emergency meeting organized by the seven sectors and one organization. Lieutenant General Wei said that you’d better participate. If you confirm your participation, we’ll immediately close the Quantum Portal and transfer a real-time signal to you through it.” This was the voice of Cheng Daxing, the commander of the asteroid belt.

“Wei Bin said that he needs me to participate?”

“Yes, Principal Cai.”

“Did he say what happened?” @@novelbin@@

“He said that it was about the specific characterization of the development battle of the Fuqiang asteroid belt. The India Sector and the American Sector reported it to the Blue Star Genetic Committee.

“Due to the current development of the asteroid belt, an emergency meeting was held. Basically, a person-in-charge and a Planetary powerhouse from each sector are participating..”