Chapter 1014 - Chapter 1014: You Should Have Received Roses (1)

Chapter 1014: You Should Have Received Roses (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Huaxia Sector’s military was very efficient.

Wang Xiaozhi, a member of the Worldly Special Force who had sacrificed himself, including the 18 members of the Haotian Special Force, had all been recognized as martyrs. The Huaxia Sector would issue an official pension.

In terms of pension, Xu Tui contacted Zhuang Ziqiang through the Moon and informed the Worldly Special Force’s compensation fund that he was in charge of. He included Wang Xiaozhi and the members of Haotian who had died in battle.

After running for more than a month, the Worldly Special Force’s compensation fund was gradually on the right track. Xu Jianguo, who had nothing to do, also had the position of an inspector.

The internal compensation mechanism was also more scientific and rationalized. Long-term compensation was divided into several levels.

Once the members of the Worldly Special Force died, their immediate family members would enjoy the highest level of compensation. Other than that, the families of all the martyrs who had died because of the development of the asteroid belt had their individual rights level increased by two levels.

Wang Xiaozhi’s individual rights level had increased by three levels to high-grade Level D. The reason why it had increased by three levels was because the Worldly Special Force had made a contribution this time.

The Worldly Special Force had brought back a large number of precious resources from the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan this time. Their research value was extremely high. The value of superconducting materials and technology at room temperature alone was unimaginable. @@novelbin@@

Less than three days after some of the energy-diversion materials were transported to the moon base, there were preliminary results.

It was mainly because the discovery on an alloy material production line in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan had been discovered by Researcher Jiang Nan previously.

One of the refinement techniques on this alloy material production line could purify and refine deuterium through metal. The refinement speed was twice that of the current process, and the purity was higher.

Deuterium was an important raw material for nuclear fusion. There were many reserves in the seawater of the Blue Star, but due to the craftsmanship, the production had always been very limited.

Moreover, because it was a mature production line, it might be very fast to improve it for practical use.

On the other hand, normal-temperature superconducting technology would increase the energy efficiency of electromagnetic cannons, laser particles, and heavy particle cannon energy weapons by a percentage.

The most important one was the brand new alloy that was stronger than the Mechanical Spirit Alloy discovered in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

This alloy was called the Mystic Glazed Alloy and was slightly darker in color.

However, its tolerance for mind power and energy was 10% higher than the Mechanical Spirit Alloy. More importantly, it was 20% lighter and 15% stronger than the Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

The other performances were 10 to 20% higher than the Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

Using this alloy to make the Aerospace Combat Jet and combat uniform would probably increase its performance and defense by more than 20%.

Within a few years, as long as these technologies were mass-produced and the Huaxia Sector’s armed forces were completely changed, it would not be a problem for the Huaxia Sector’s military technology to increase by half a generation, let alone a generation.

The Worldly Special Force had contributed greatly to this trip to the Fuqiang asteroid.

However, because they had contributed greatly, they could not commend them publicly. They could only reward the Worldly Special Force through other channels.

Wang Xiaozhi’s treatment as a martyr also increased.

At the same time, there was also a considerable amount of cash, Origin Crystals, and precious resources. In the beginning, everyone was temporarily rewarded with 500 grams of Origin Crystals. It was only temporary. The rest had not been decided.

It was worth mentioning that after the Huaxia Sector’s military contacted Wang Xiaozhi’s family and obtained their approval, they decided to bury Wang Xiaozhi’s body on the Manut asteroid.

The Huaxia Sector would build a martyr cemetery on the Manut asteroid and a hero monument in the asteroid belt as a memento.

Wang Xiaozhi and the members of the Haotian Special Force were the first batch to die, but they were definitely not the last batch.

Xu Tui had many questions to ask Cai Shaochu when he returned to the Manut asteroid. Unfortunately, Xu Tui had brought back too many things or something. Old Cai had been very busy these few days.

Xu Tui sent a few messages in a row. He always asked Xu Tui to wait.

Xu Tui could only rest like the other members. Although it was called resting, it was actually cultivating with all his might.

This was also a tradition of the Worldly Special Force.

Along the way, he was brought along by Cui Xi and made a few dirty jokes. Yan

Lie would occasionally take advantage of the situation and make fun of him, Old Cui, and Yang Huai. The pressure brought about by the war would subtly dissipate.

After the old members returned, they could not wait to start cultivating. In Xu

Tui’s words, they had to convert the Origin Crystals into strength immediately.

It was a pure waste not to use the Origin Crystal. In fact, they had started cultivating along the way. Under the influence of this style, the new members would feel embarrassed if they did not cultivate. However, the atmosphere of bitter cultivation was very strong.

Xu Tui found Zhou Chuan.

“Brother Zhou, let’s make a deal…

The moment Xu Tui spoke, Zhou Chuan’s hair stood on end. “Don’t. Don’t trick me. It was always Old Zhou in the past. Nothing good will come out of calling me Brother Zhou now.”

“I definitely won’t trick you. Brother Zhou, I just want to see your body.”

Zhou Chuan immediately felt his hair stand on end when he heard that. The way he looked at Xu Tui became extremely strange. “F*ck, no wonder you didn’t react when Li Zheng confessed to you! So you like men? But I like women, not men! Don’t look for me. I’ll introduce you…”

Xu Tui’s expression darkened. “Brother Zhou, can we be more stable and not say such things? Not to mention that my hobby is girls, even if it’s not, I won’t look for you..”