Chapter 1012 - Chapter 1012: Tri Ling Ding’S Needs (1)

Chapter 1012: Tri Ling Ding’s Needs (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“How is it? Do you have a direction?” “Boss, I don’t have a specific direction yet.”

This was the most frequent conversation Tri Ling Ding had with Xu Tui on the way back.

Xu Tui filled Tri Ling Ding with hundreds of grams of Origin Crystals, but he received dozens of the same answers. Xu Tui was a little angry. “F*ck, Tri Ling Ding, do you f*cking think I’m a fool? Or do you think it’s fun to scam Origin

Crystals from me?”

In the next moment, the furious Xu Tui looked at Tri Ling Ding, who had become much fatter. He immediately detonated the mental mark of the Explosion Formula planted in Tri Ling Ding’s body.

“Boss, no…”

Explosions rang out within Tri Ling Ding’s body. The internal explosions even caused Tri Ling Ding’s body to tremble. The aura that Tri Ling Ding had previously was rapidly declining. In just a second, Tri Ling Ding’s energy fluctuations became extremely weak. Even its voice became enfeeble.

“Boss, I’ve really… tried my best, but I can’t sense the exact location of that low-level colony’s aura. It’s too far away…” Tri Ling Ding looked like a pitiful child who had been wronged.

Xu Tui would have believed it in the past. But he did not believe it now.

The Explosion Formula left behind by the mental mark only detonated the energy accumulated in Tri Ling Ding’s body. The energy that he had completely converted was still there.

Xu Tui did not understand the energy conversion mode of Tri Ling Ding, but he could tell from its size.

In the beginning, Tri Ling Ding was only the size of a thumb. But now, its size has increased by more than ten times. It was even larger than an adult’s fist.

Although it could shrink its size again, the heaviness was still there. It had to be said that the defense and life force of the Ling Clan were really powerful. All the energy that had exploded internally under the Explosion Formula was gone, but his body was intact.

If this move had been used on Xu Tui, it would have exploded internally. He would have been finished long ago.

“Boss, I really tried my best…”

Xu Tui also wondered if Tri Ling Ding had really tried his best.

An Xiaoxue’s pioneer raiders were also in the asteroid belt, but he did not know their exact location.

Cai Shaochu said that the Blue Star Genetic Committee had already placed a cosmic lighthouse with a unique frequency for the pioneer raiders. However, because of the communication delay, there were no results for the time being.

Xu Tui became a little worried after he arrived at the asteroid belt.

The Spiritual Race did not appear often in the Earth, Moon and Phobos. However, in the asteroid belt, it felt like the Spiritual Race was running of the mill, par for the course, and could come and go as they pleased.

In that case, had the Spiritual Race already discovered the location of An Xiaoxue’s pioneer raiders?

The last time they negotiated on Mars, the Spiritual Race’s Lei Tian only knew about this and the general location.

Would the Spiritual Race take any further action?

It had to be known that the Spiritual Race could send out Planetary experts at any time in the asteroid belt.

As for An Xiaoxue’s pioneer raiders, due to the restrictions of the Quantum Portal, the one with the highest cultivation level was only at the Genetic Evolution Realm. They did not even have a Transmutation Realm.

The only thing they could rely on was the three-phase thermal bomb.

However, the situation was definitely worse than when the Worldly Special Force was on the Fuqiang asteroid.

Xu Tui and the others had the support of the Manut asteroid, but An Xiaoxue and the others had nothing other than the resources from Mars.

This was especially so for the Fuqiang asteroid. Not only did the Great Xi Clan appear, but there were also four to five Planetary experts.

Xu Tui had only been worried about the safety of An Xiaoxue and the others. Now, he was a little anxious.

He had to find the location of the pioneer raiders as soon as possible. He had to contact or rescue them.

On Xu Tui’s side, the contact information he could use was the colony of the Ling Clan.

Xu Tui had already obtained Tri Ling Ding when he participated in the space invasion. He also knew the function of Tri Ling Ding. Before he participated in the battle, he specially met An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan.

The energy detector distributed by the Moon base that could sense the enemy’s basic power fluctuations was actually a colony of the Ling Clan.

At that time, Xu Tui had even asked Tri Ling Ding to specially mark the colony of the Ling Clan that the two of them held.

Xu Tui had also asked Tri Ling Ding to sense it a few times in the past, but he had never been able to sense the specific direction.

Xu Tui, who had realized the danger in the battle of the Fuqiang Asteroid, was completely anxious. On the way back, he kept asking Tri Ling Ding to sense the location of the colonies that An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan were carrying. @@novelbin@@

Yet, Tri Ling Ding kept asking Xu Tui to replenish his Origin Crystals. After probing dozens of times, the results were the same.

It could sense these two low-level colonies. They might be in the asteroid belt, but it could not even sense their general direction, let alone their specific location.

This made Xu Tui highly suspect that this fellow had not done his best. He had taken the opportunity to extort Origin Crystal energy from him to strengthen himself. That was how Xu Tui had activated the Explosion Formula in his anger just now.

Xu Tui did not need Tri Ling Ding to sense the specific location. As long as he gave him a general direction, theoretically, he would be able to find An Xiaoxue and the others as long as he continued to search in this general direction.

However, he could not even sense a general direction.

Tri Ling Ding, whose stomach had been blown out, looked so pitiful. Xu Tui felt that he had wronged this fellow.

No!

Xu Tui suddenly remembered something.

During the Mars battle, Tri Ling Ding had sensed the colonies of the other Ling that the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race, Lei Tian, had used to communicate from afar. Their location was also very accurate..