Chapter 1016 - Chapter 1016: The Relationship Between The Main Wife And The Mistress (1)

Chapter 1016: The Relationship Between the Main Wife and the Mistress (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He should have received the roses at an age, but he had received Cai Shaochu’s chrysanthemum.

These words were probably Cai Shaochu’s deepest condolences for the young students who had died in battle in the asteroid belt.

That’s right, a student!

All the members of the special forces, especially those from the Huaxia Sector, had to visit the extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College before participating in the battle.

Every member of the Huaxia Sector’s special forces was Cai Shaochu’s student.

“Xu Tui, cultivate well and increase your strength. Be smarter. Try your best to be as shameless as you were in the Fuqiang asteroid during combat. You have to live long enough! I can’t give you roses. But I don’t want you to receive the chrysanthemums I gave you one day.”

With a gentle flick of his sleeve, a grand aura instantly enveloped Xu Tui. With another flash, Cai Shaochu had already brought Xu Tui to a newly built quiet room in the Huaxia Sector’s general base.

Xu Tui had been enveloped by Old Cai before. He suddenly felt that Old Cai’s aura had become stronger.

“Principal, you broke through again?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Oh? Can you sense it?”

“I feel that your aura has become stronger again.”

“Yes, the improvement is related to my own path and the asteroid belt. Tell me, why did you contact me so many times?”

As he spoke, Cai Shaochu glanced at the tea set at the side. Xu Tui instantly understood. He immediately went to make tea for Cai Shaochu. He had to suck up to him at this moment.

The first question Xu Tui asked was naturally related to cultivation and how to quickly break through from the peak of the Evolution Realm to the Genetic Transmutation Realm. He had to increase his strength. This was the key.

With Xu Tui’s current physique, he could barely withstand a quasi-planetary. However, if he encountered a Planetary realm, he would basically be slapped to death. If he was unlucky, he would not even have a chance to escape.

Therefore, Xu Tui wanted to quickly break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

“There are no shortcuts, much less a fast way to break through.”

Cai Shaochu’s answer disappointed Xu Tui.

Currently, there were only two things that a Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator needed to break through to the Transmutation Realm. They had to rely on accumulation and luck. Accumulation could greatly increase the probability of luck appearing.

Zhou Chuan was the evidence.

There was an extremely small number of people who could break through to the Transmutation Realm in a short period of time. However, most of the people who wanted to break through to the Transmutation Realm in a short period of time were crippled. @@novelbin@@

“Principal, how could this be?”

“How could this be? This is very normal. Let me ask you, how many years has it been since the Great Genetic Age of the Blue Star began?”

“It’s only 101.”

“That’s right. It’s only 101 years. Many things are still on the verge of exploration. Under the research of the large sample data, we have studied most of the Genetic Liberation Realm, Genetic Mutation Realm, and Genetic Evolution Realm.

“There were even relevant cultivation potions and techniques. The cultivation system was basically complete. However, we are still exploring the Transmutation Realm and even the quasi-planetary realm. Currently, the most common thing is to persevere in your cultivation and continuously cultivate so that you can break through to the Transmutation Realm,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui frowned. “Principal, it’s been so many years. Haven’t you found any other way to quickly break through to the Transmutation Realm?”

“Of course there are, and there are many of them. However, they are all unique paths. Compared to the cultivation path I comprehended myself, as long as I comprehended it, I would be able to reach the Transmutation Realm in an extremely short period of time. It was also possible for me to comprehend a certain word and reach the quasi-planetary realm.

“But after so many years…” Cai Shaochu sighed in pity and felt a little helpless.

“The others are the same. For example, Shang Long of your Genetic Miracle, Cheng Fengxi, the Fire God, Gavro, and Itavi. These people all had their own paths. But very few of their students could reproduce their paths.

“Even if it could be replicated, it was not complete. All these years, we have been working hard to create and explore a cultivation system and technique that is suitable for the Blue Star humans. However, there have been no results,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui suddenly understood. “Principal, is that why you told me to walk my own path previously?”

“The experiences of our predecessors are the most suitable for our predecessors. There will definitely be results if you persist in your cultivation, but it is definitely not the most suitable for you.

“Whether it was your cultivation speed or strength. Therefore, I hope that you can walk your own path. The essence! Everything about cultivation was actually a change in the essence of power. Of course, there’s something else you have to remember. I’m not asking you to be pure innovation when I say that! Pure innovation is too difficult.

“Your path has to have your own characteristics!”

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. He understood while he was confused. Then, he asked Cai Shaochu many more questions. For example, the difference between the Planetary realm and the quasi-Planetary realm, and the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. Cai Shaochu answered these questions one by one.

This included the situation behind the absolute safety door of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base. Xu Tui had said everything he could other than the red fire slip.

“This is good stuff. It can basically be considered one of the top materials that the Blue Star humans have come into contact with in the past hundred years. There are no problems with your two thoughts. This might be another kind of exploration and research. Remember to record it after you implement it,” Cai Shaochu said after studying the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body for a while. “Principal, are you talking about Ah Huang?”

“That’s right. Advanced artificial intelligence has to be added with the word artificial. However, the Ah Huang you brought has developed feelings and a spirit..”