Chapter 1019 - Chapter 1019: Godly Assistance And Did The Right Thing(1)

Chapter 1019: Godly Assistance and Did The Right Thing(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the moon, in the conference hall of the rebuilt ground base, Cai Shaochu’s seat was empty. Wei Bin placed a small card on Cai Shaochu’s seat. That was a projection card. It could be considered a terminal.

“Everyone, wait a moment. Principal Cai is on the distant Manut asteroid. He will be here soon.”

As soon as Wei Bin finished speaking, the light landed on Wei Bin’s so-called projection card. A figure identical to Cai Shaochu appeared in the meeting room. @@novelbin@@

A projection of the venue also appeared in Cai Shaochu’s quiet room on the Manut asteroid, but it was even more empty.

Xu Tui, who was participating in such a virtual projection meeting for the first time, was a little curious. He was currently in Cai Shaochu’s position, but he could only participate in this meeting from the perspective of a bystander.

It was very magical. Logically speaking, outsiders could not enter such a technological virtual projection meeting without passing the meeting rights.

However, Old Cai had pulled him in. It was a little magical.

The meeting began as soon as Old Cai sat down. They got to the point in the shortest time possible.

Other than the matters related to the development of the asteroid belt, which was the influence of the appearance of the Great Xi Clan, the discussion was successfully completed. Then, they entered the most important segment of this meeting.

To seek justice.

“Lieutenant General Wei, on an unknown asteroid…’

“Mr. Maiponeo, let me correct you. It’s not an unknown asteroid, but the Fuqiang asteroid. Please pay attention to the location,” Wei Bin said politely.

“I’m just describing…’

“No matter what happened at that time, this was later recognized by the various sectors. It can’t be denied that the Worldly Special Force was the first to arrive. They enjoyed the right to name it. There were no problems with the Fuqiang asteroid!

“If you don’t admit this name, I’ll take it that you were the first to violate the development regulations of the asteroid belt. I’ll leave the meeting and lodge a complaint with the Genetic Committee to punish you!”

Wei Bin’s words made sense. Maiponeo, who had opened his mouth to complain, looked depressed. He had no choice but to shut his mouth.

Logically speaking, if he violated the development regulations of the asteroid belt here, he would not have the right to ask the next questions.

“On the Fuqiang asteroid, the Worldly Special Force maliciously attacked the members of our Freedom Special Force, causing 21 of our Freedom Special

Force to die on the spot. The senior military consultant, the Transmutation Realm expert, Burt, had his limbs crippled and was almost crippled! He won’t be able to recover without a year or two.”

As he complained, Maiponeo also displayed many pictures and time.

“What I want to clarify is that although the Worldly Special Force was the first to arrive at the Fuqiang asteroid, they did not immediately inform the Manut asteroid, so they had not formed an effective occupation! I think that we have to severely punish them for deliberately killing their allies in order to fight for resources!”

Maiponeo explained and glanced at Nilab. Nilab immediately followed up. “Our encounter with the Indrat Special Force is the same as that of the Freedom Special Force, but it’s even worse!

“In order to stop our Indrat Special Force from exploring the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, the Worldly Special Force actually used the strategic deterrent arms, three-phase thermal bomb! A total of 51 members were vaporized on the spot without a corpse left. We can’t even find a single relic!”

This scene, coupled with the picture, made Nilab rather moved. The people in charge and representatives of the various sectors participating in the meeting were also a little shocked.

To be honest, internal strife between the various sectors was very common. However, most of them were limited to battle. Occasionally, someone would die.

This was the first time in the history of the Blue Star that they had used a strategic deterrent three-phase thermal bomb.

However, Nilab’s words gave the person-in-charge of Area 7 and the Planetary powerhouses a reminder. When they returned, they had to remind their pioneer teams not to provoke the Worldly Special Force unless they were absolutely confident.

He was a lunatic who would shoot out three-phase thermal bombs in his anxiety!

“Mr. Raymont, I think that the actions of the Worldly Special Force have an extremely bad impact. We have to severely punish them to warn the other special forces. This is also a necessary measure to prevent the Blue Star from falling into internal strife in the development special forces of the asteroid belt.” Nilab had a furious expression.

At the side, the deputy director of the American Sector’s Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, immediately started to act again. “I think so too. I think that we have to vote according to the rules of the Blue Star Genetic Committee…”

“Oh, then you guys vote. I’m leaving!” Wei Bin suddenly stood up. You guys played so smoothly, then play by yourself.

As soon as Wei Bin stood up, the people from the Russian Federation and the Africa Sector also had the intention to stand up.

Raymont, the director of the Genetic Committee, quickly mediated. “Lieutenant General Wei, their complaint is a complaint, even though it forms a complete chain of evidence. However, according to the rules, the accused can also complain.”

Wei Bin stared at Raymont with a sharp gaze. This half-puppet was a little talkative today.

“That’s right. The plaintiff had said his piece, so the defendant could say his piece too,” the virtual projection of the Lord of Myths suddenly said.

Everyone was a little surprised.

Was the Lord of Myths brainless or deliberate? Even the European Sector did not dare to express their stance on the conflict between the America, India, and Huaxia Sectors. Why did the Lord of Myths jump out first?

The European Sector did not dare to express their stance easily because they had sided with the American Sector too early and had been subdued by the

Huaxia Sector several times. They had suffered a lot and learned their lesson..