Chapter 1013 - Chapter 1013: Tri Ling Ding’S Needs (2)

Chapter 1013: Tri Ling Ding’s Needs (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

That was the colony of other Ling.

What Tri Ling Ding sensed was the colonies that it had reproduced.

This fellow knew that An Xiaoxue was extremely important to Xu Tui. Therefore, he took the opportunity to extort energy from Xu Tui to strengthen himself.

Xu Tui was furious when he thought of this.

Tri Ling Ding cried out! “Boss, it’s different. Life levels are completely different! One is a high-level colony, and the other is a low-level colony. It’s completely different. I really did my best.”

“But that one is from another Ling. These two low-level colonies were reproduced from your body, no?”

“Boss, there are at least a few hundred million tadpoles in your body, right? Tell me, if you spray the tadpoles in your body beside a mosquito 10,000 meters away, do you think the mosquitoes or your tadpoles will attract attention?” Tri Ling Ding wanted to break his head and make an analogy with Xu Tui as a human.

Tell me, if you spray the tadpoles in your body beside a mosquito 10,000 meters away, do you think the mosquitoes or your tadpoles will attract attention?” Tri Ling Ding wanted to break his head and make an analogy with Xu Tui as a human. “My little tadpoles, of course!”

Tri Ling Ding: ‘

Xu Tui’s answer made Tri Ling Ding almost autistic. “Boss, I really…”

“You mean to say that the life level of the colony is too low?” Xu Tui actually understood what Tri Ling Ding meant.

“Yes, Boss!” Tri Ling Ding heaved a sigh of relief. “It can even be said that colonies are not at the level of life at all. They are only slightly stronger than your human tadpoles. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have colonized so many. There is a world of difference between a low-level colony and a high-level colony.

“This is the fundamental reason why I can’t sense the specific direction. Of course, if my strength has increased greatly, I might be able to sense the approximate location of these low-level colonies,” Tri Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui stared at Tri Ling Ding and suddenly made up his mind. “Tell me, how many grams of Origin Crystals can you sense the exact location of the two low-level colonies?

Tri Ling Ding began to think carefully. “Is 500 grams of Origin Crystals enough?”

Tri Ling Ding did not dare to answer.

“500 grams is not enough. What about 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals?”

Still no sound.

“Five thousand grams?”

“Ten thousand grams? Is ten thousand grams enough?”

Tri Ling Ding still did not say anything, but Xu Tui was furious. “F*ck, you’re really insatiable. I’ve given you all my assets, but you can’t sense a general direction. Do you believe that I’ll throw it into the mind power shield box now and find an uninhabited planet to bury you?”

Xu Tui was furious.

“No, Boss, I’m not greedy. I don’t dare to be greedy at all! The reason why I did not answer was that I was not confident! Give me 500 grams of Origin Crystal. After I absorb it, I might or might not be able to sense it!

“It was the same for a thousand grams and 10,000 grams. It’s mainly because I’m not confident and not sure, so I don’t dare to say it,” Tri Ling Ding quickly explained.

This explanation made Xu Tui less angry, but he became even more helpless. “According to what you said, what’s the point of having an iron lump like you? I might as well bury you!”

“Boss, actually, if you give me a Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and a few hundred grams of Origin Crystals, I’m 80% confident that I can sense the direction of these two low-level colonies, ” Tri Ling Ding suddenly said.

“Hah! You’ve revealed your fox tail, right? After all this, you’re coveting the

Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. Are you controlling me for the Mysterious

Silver Glazed Body?” @@novelbin@@

“Boss, I really didn’t! I was greedy for the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, but I really couldn’t sense the direction of the two low-level colonies. I didn’t dare to control you.

“To be honest, if you stuffed me into a mind power shield box and buried me on a nameless planet, the eternal silence and darkness would be a hundred times worse than killing me! The reason why I said that was because the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body of a Planetary powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan had an extremely strong shaping effect.

“After I get it, I can create an organ similar to an antenna that is amplified and collected. At that time, my ability to sense information about low-level colonies would be multiplied. In addition to a little energy. That’s why I said that I am 80% confident.” Tri Ling Ding explained to Xu Tui in detail.

“Really?”

“Absolutely!”

“Are you sure you have 80% confidence?”

“I’m sure! I might have a higher chance, but I don’t dare to be too confident. Many times, there’s not much of a difference between 99% and 50%,” Tri Ling Ding said.

After a few seconds of silence, Xu Tui slowly nodded. “Alright.”

“Boss, when are you going to give me the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body?” Tri Ling Ding probed.

“There’s… there’s no hurry.”

Xu Tui was very anxious about the whereabouts of An Xiaoxue and the others. However, Tri Ling Ding was also an alien species. It was an alien species that had lived for countless years.

Xu Tui did not know much about the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. He would make a decision after he returned to the Manut asteroid.

No matter which direction they explored next, they had to return to the Manut asteroid and hand over the key resources that they had dismantled from the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan to the Huaxia Sector. Only then could they take the next step.

He still had to contact the Mars crater base through the Manut asteroid. How was the situation with the pioneer raiders?

If there was no progress, he would consider this.

However, he had to be careful when using the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

Xu Tui had not even given it to Ah Huang.

According to Li Qingping, Old Cai was currently on the Manut asteroid. This time, after the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization noticed that something was amiss and alerted them, they handed the matter of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base over to Old Cai.

This was because Old Cai had not left Mars since he last arrived on Mars from the moon. He happened to be able to quickly reach the Manu asteroid through the Quantum Portal on Mars.

Of course, there was a price.

The next Planetary powerhouse would be 13 days later.

The Quantum Portal between Mars and the Manut asteroid had a cooldown of 10 to 15 days for a Planetary powerhouse.

Coincidentally, Xu Tui had many questions that he wanted to ask Old Cai in person.

With the protection of Li Qingping and the other three Planetary powerhouses, the journey was very safe. There were no more accidents.

However, on the way back, there were constantly pioneering special forces leaving.

For example, the battle team from the American Sector, the Heavenly Dao Special Force from the Huaya Sector Seven, and the Apollo Special Force from the European Sector.

The characteristic of these special forces was that they did not suffer many losses, but they basically did not gain anything. It felt like a waste of time to return to the Manut asteroid.

On the way, they discovered a suitable node and left the returning fleet to explore.

Of course, the fully loaded Worldly Special Force was different.

After a day and a half of space travel, the returning fleet finally arrived at the Manut asteroid.

Among the welcoming crowd, Xu Tui saw Cai Shaochu, who was standing with his hands behind his back. Cheng Daxing, who was wearing a military uniform, and the welcoming queue of the Huaxia Sector’s Manut asteroid garrison.

Suddenly, his eyes felt hot.

“Old Cui, bring Xiaozhi home first!”