Chapter 1011 - Chapter 1011: Demolition Operation And Return

Chapter 1011: Demolition Operation and Return

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Great Xi Clan was worried that the Planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race who had evacuated previously would stab them in the back when they were fighting the Blue Star humans.

Similarly, the Blue Star humans were also worried about this. They were afraid that the Planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race that had evacuated would turn around and attack.

Therefore, the sudden attack of the Great Xi Clan began very suddenly and ended very quickly.

It only took two minutes.

After a Planetary powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan died, they quickly retreated. Li Qingping, Haydoff, Asid, and the others did not chase after them. They steadily returned to the Fuqiang asteroid.

In fact, although the battle just now had only been two minutes, the four Planetary powerhouses were not intact.

Four people were injured, but these injuries could not be seen on the surface. Their strength had also been depleted to a certain extent.

Since the four Planetary powerhouses had arrived, they would have to listen to their opinions on what to do next.

This was the most realistic situation at the moment.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui realized that after the Blue Star humans stepped out of the circle of Earth, Moon, and Phobos, to a certain extent, the right to speak for Planetary powerhouses had been further strengthened.

The authority of the various genetic committees had been weakened again.

For example, in the asteroid belt, a Planetary powerhouse was like a nuclear powerhouse a hundred years ago. No one dared to ignore him.

There were many reasons, but there was only one classic—their survivability, endurance, deterrence, and recovery ability were the strongest.

For example, the highest level of three-phase thermal bombs for firearms publicly announced on the Blue Star were one-time deals.

It also depended on whether he had the chance to launch, detonate, or even hit the enemy.

Before the Blue Star humans walked out of the Earth, Moon, and Phobos, Old Sha had done a similar test. Then, he was forcefully pressed to the ground by the various Genetic Committees and rubbed. He almost died.

What about the asteroid belt now?

There were really many conflicts among the humans on the Blue Star.

Li Qingping and the other three Planetary powerhouses used the shortest time possible to understand the situation, especially the possible reinforcements of the Great Xi Clan.

Currently, the Great Xi Clan still had a powerful executive officer, Günter, Bram, who was seriously injured and only had weak combat strength, and several quasi-planetary experts. Twenty minutes later, they would be able to activate the next jump. The next jump was most likely to be another Planetary realm!

According to Lavis’ instructions, an ordinary Thousand-Leap Commander could bring a Planetary powerhouse to a long-range jump. In this situation, the Great Xi Clan would have one more Planetary realm, two to four quasi-planetary realms, in 20 minutes.

This amount could already threaten the Blue Star humans, but it was still within an acceptable range.

However, if the Great Xi Clan underwent another transition and another Planetary realm powerhouse came, it would not be something that Li Qingping and the others could withstand at the moment.

Therefore, after comprehensive consideration, Li Qingping and the other three made a decision—evacuate as soon as possible!

However, half an hour before they evacuated, they had to take away a portion of what they could take away from the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

It was worth it as long as it could make the Blue Star’s technology improve a little, be it in terms of materials or energy transmission.

This way, the various alliances’ trips would not have been in vain.

Although the entrance to the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base was almost destroyed, Xu Tui and the others could still enter the backup safe passageway that they had evacuated previously.

Xu Tui emphasized that they were the first to discover and occupy this ancient base. They had also reported it to the Manut asteroid and named it—the Fuqiang asteroid. Unfortunately, under normal circumstances, everyone, including Li Qingping and the others, would have to retreat in 50 minutes at most.

In other words, the Fuqiang asteroid was about to fall into the hands of the Great Xi Clan. @@novelbin@@

There was nothing he could do about it.

At this moment, there was no point in emphasizing the occupation. What he had to do now was to maximize the benefits of the Blue Star.

The various special forces organized elite personnel and powerful machines to enter the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. Then, there was only one word— dismantle!

They dismantled and took away everything they could. They would bring it back for research.

As the first special force to arrive at the Fuqiang asteroid, the Worldly Special Force could enter first. As a result, the Haotian Special Force of the Huaxia Sector also entered the first sequence.

Asid, a Planetary powerhouse from the India Sector, had an opinion on this.

“Which regiment commander in your family had chased after a Planetary powerhouse with a three-phase thermal bomb? Not to mention the Planetary realm, there was not even a quasi-planetary realm, right? Shut up if you don’t have it!”

Li Qingping retorted and pointed out the crazy scene of Xu Tui chasing after them with the three-phase thermal bomb when they first arrived. Asid, a Planetary powerhouse from the India Sector, wisely shut his mouth.

They could not compare, nor could they win!

Then there was the Slavic Special Force of the Russian Federation.

In the words of the Planetary powerhouse from the Russian Federation, the

Slavic Special Force had formed a temporary alliance with the Worldly and Haotian Special Forces at the critical moment and the Great Xi Clan to resist the three Planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race.

They had to be the third to enter!

He would fight to the death with anyone who said this doesn’t make sense!

Asid and Haydoff wisely avoided him. They could only glare at their special forces. Who asked them to not work hard enough in the previous battle?

The fourth to enter was the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force. The reason was that the Planetary powerhouse from the American Sector, Haydoff, had risked his life to kill the enemy in the battle just now.

The fifth to enter was the Indrat Special Force of the India Sector. The reason was the same!

The sixth member, without any suspense, was the Apollo Special Force from the European Sector.

As for the last one, it was naturally the Heavenly Dao Special Force in Area 7 of Huaya.

The Heavenly Dao Special Forces were a little like a son-in-law to begin with. There were no Planetary powerhouses here, and they had been hiding quite well in the previous battles. If they were not the last to enter, who was the last to enter?

This order made sense!

Originally, Xu Tui’s Worldly Special Force did not want to enter. He had plundered enough previously. All the aircrafts were basically full. If he got some more, there would be no room to store them.

However, Xu Tui considered that if the other special forces entered and realized that they had been plundered for a while, it might attract unnecessary trouble. He would have to put on an act when he entered.

In any case, according to the rules set by Li Qingping and the other three, other than the order in which they entered, it would belong to whoever dismantled it first. The various special forces could not have a conflict. It would depend on the order.

It was even more impossible to evacuate in advance.

They had to evacuate under the protection of four Planetary powerhouses.

In space, the experts of the Great Xi Clan were there. Who knew if they would launch another sudden attack?

He got Xu Tui to get Cui Xi to order a portion of people to enter the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base to start the demolition.

This was especially so for the core and key locations. He would walk around first. No matter what he brought back for Huaxia in the future, the other alliances would not be able to do anything, much less reach out.

That was the seizure of the Huaxia Sector.

Why?

They were endorsed by Li Qingping, Haydoff, Asid, and Anlevich, the four Planetary realm powerhouses. If he wanted to overthrow it, he had to slap their faces. He had to fight them first!

“Countdown of 30 minutes. In 40 minutes, all the special forces must rise into the air!”

Li Qingping and the others gave the order. Xu Tui began to quickly treat the injuries of his team members.

In this battle, the Worldly Special Force had suffered considerable losses. Four of them were seriously injured.

Fortunately, Mu Xingluan and her classmates were all wood-type supernatural beings. They could be considered to be on the side of healing. In the previous battle, they had mainly been supporting at the back. If someone was seriously injured, they would hang in there first.

Otherwise, the corpse that Xu Tui was about to see might not be… a corpse.

One person from the Worldly Special Force had died in battle!

It was a new member.

It was Wang Xiaozhi, who had deliberately killed people to train his guts under the encouragement of Xu Tui, Cui Xi, and the others.

The Planetary powerhouse of the Fission Race, who had been chased by Xu Tui and then chased away by Xu Tui with the three-phase thermal bomb, casually waved his claw and he shattered into pieces.

How should he put it? It was also because Wang Xiaozhi had died in battle that Xu Tui hugged the three-phase thermal bomb and chased them away crazily.

Xu Tui remembered the name of this Planetary powerhouse from the Fission Race. His name was Diliu Li.

People were dying on the battlefield at all times. In the beginning, they had killed many people in the battle with the India Sector and the American Sector. At that time, there was no sadness or joy. There was only a stand.

However, at this moment, Xu Tui was filled with sadness when he saw his comrade’s corpse split into five pieces. Although, he had been used to seeing life and death recently.

It was him, the regiment commander, who had brought him out. Now, he could only bring his corpse back.

“Bring me the first-aid kit,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Yan Lie’s figure flashed as he silently delivered a first-aid bag to Xu Tui.

“Water!”

In the next moment, Xu Tui began to cut open Wang Xiaozhi’s combat uniform with a pair of scissors and wash his wound.

“Commander, Xiaozhi has already… died in battle!” Luo Murong could not bear to see him die. “I know.”

“Then you…”

“I’ll bring him home in one piece. That’s all I can do now…”

Under everyone’s gazes, Xu Tui stitched up Wang Xiaozhi’s corpse that had been cut into five pieces. He filled the internal organs that had flowed out back into his torn abdomen.

In silence, Yan Lie joined in.

Luo Murong hesitated for a few seconds. He carried the golden saber on his back and also picked up the surgical thread in the emergency bag to stitch up Wang Xiaozhi, who had died in battle. His hands were instantly covered in blood.

At this moment, Luo Murong’s obsession with cleanliness did not flare up. The blood of a comrade was the purest…

Far away, Li Qingping sighed softly when he saw this scene. There were casualties in all the special forces.

Actually, the Worldly Special Force had the least number of deaths. Only one person had died in battle. The other special forces had at least ten people, or at most 30 to 50 people. Whether they were intact or broken, they were all put into corpse bags.

Only the Worldly Special Force was different.

Li Qingping still remembered that there had been a similar scene in the Pangu Special Force back then. In order to snatch back the corpses of his comrades, the Fire God, Gavro, had once risked death in battle to charge another round.

Some people said that this behavior was worth it. Some people said that it was not worth it. If they really died in battle, their losses would be even greater!

But was it worth it?

Li Qingping, a former member of the Pangu Special Forces, felt that it was worth it!

Twenty minutes later, Wang Xiaozhi’s shattered corpse was sewn back together. Xu Tui and Luo Murong worked together to take off his tattered combat uniform and put it away. They also took out a spare combat uniform and put it on for him.

“Come home with us later.” Xu Tui personally sent Wang Xiaozhi’s corpse onto the Aerospace Combat Jet.

The demolition businesses of the various special forces were also very strange. There were demolitions and all kinds of things. There were even sanitary facilities in the dormitory. However, no matter what was dismantled, it would all be installed in half an hour.

Forty minutes later, all seven special forces took off.

It was worth mentioning that during this period, the American Sector’s battle team of 500 people arrived and hurriedly rushed to the last step of the demolition.

However, the demolition project ended after ten minutes.

They could only evacuate. They had basically smelled something. The Great Xi Clan was ready to attack in outer space. Without the protection of a Planetary powerhouse, no one dared to explore too much.

Then, the temporary space fleet sailed into the depths of space under the protection of four Planetary powerhouses. Günter of the Great Xi Clan could only watch them leave.

Ten minutes later, another commander of the Great Xi Clan arrived. Unfortunately, the Blue Star human fleet had already disappeared.

All the development special forces returned!

However, Xu Tui kept replenishing Tri Ling Ding’s energy during the return journey..