Chapter 1018 - Chapter 1018: The Relationship Between The Main Wife And The Mistress (3)

Chapter 1018: The Relationship Between the Main Wife and the Mistress (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“At the meeting, we will re-examine the conflict in the asteroid belt and make a final determination,” Cheng Daxing said.

“Shameless thing!” Cai Shaochu cursed, “Transfer the signal from the Quantum

Portal over. I’ll use a virtual projection to attend the meeting immediately.”

The communication enhancement of the Quantum Portal was the latest technology enhancement on the Blue Star.

It was one of the results of watching the Spiritual Race’s Lei Tian solidify and strengthen the Quantum Portal. He could amplify the signal of the quantum communication tower by adjusting the frequency to the Quantum Portal. He could achieve real-time communication across planets.

However, there were also flaws.

The disadvantage was that Quantum Portal could not perform Teleportation because it had to transmit the signal attached to the quantum communication.

Therefore, it could not be maintained for a long time, but emergency real-time communication was possible.

Actually, this was also a communication technology that had been released during the emergency attack.

As the Blue Star humans stepped out of the Earth, Moon and Phobos, if they could not achieve a certain level of instant communication, there would be many hidden dangers.

Xu Tui frowned.

It was about the Fuqiang asteroid.

In the initial conflict, Xu Tui and the Worldly Special Force had killed many people from the Freedom Special Force. Later on, they had also killed many people from the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force.

Although he had made a preset plan and left behind some evidence, no matter what, the Worldly Special Force did not report the occupation of the Fuqiang asteroid to the Manut asteroid.

This was one of the key points for the America and India Sectors to cause trouble for the Genetic Committee.

Cai Shaochu glanced at the frowning Xu Tui and suddenly smiled. “Don’t worry! Isn’t it just a verbal battle? Whether it’s scolding or killing, I, Old Cai, have never been a coward! I’ve never lost! I’ll show you how I scold people!”

A few minutes later, the quantum signal tower signal from the quantum portal of the Manut asteroid was connected. Old Cai brought Xu Tui along and participated in the virtual reality meeting.

At the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Qian, who had been busy for a few days, finally stood up from the command center and heaved a sigh of relief. “Sir, all the combat information has been sent to the Sanctuary. At the same time, we have completed questions brought by the Saint of duty.

The Sanctuary has confirmed our current situation.

“They will probably send us at least five Planetary powerhouses and 20 quasi-planetary experts.” Lei Tian stepped forward and gently hugged Lei Qian’s lower abdomen. ‘You’ve worked hard. What about our Thunder

Division’s headquarters? How many forces can we mobilize?”

“The Thunder Division can only mobilize a small portion of their forces. If there are more, the Sanctuary will have objections,” Lei Qian said.

“In that case, there are too few people we can absolutely trust. There are even fewer people who we can absolutely trust and stand alone.” Lei Tian sighed. “We have to put that step on the agenda. Otherwise, when the reinforcements from the Sanctuary arrive, our strength will be divided. We have to let our own forces occupy an important position.”

“Exchanging captives?”

“That’s right. Whether it’s Lei Xiang or the people who were captured during the Mars battle last time, they are all our trusted aides and trusted people. This time, we must think of a way to exchange for them,” Lei Tian said.

“Sir, aren’t you afraid that…”

Lei Tian smiled and rubbed Lei Qian’s bulging stomach. “This is why you don’t understand, right? Even if they spit it out and confess, that’s because they can’t withstand the torture or other technical reasons! As long as they were saved, they would still be our most loyal and trustworthy clansmen! This was not determined by their position, but by their race!” @@novelbin@@

Hearing this, Lei Qian fell into Lei Tian’s arms and acted spoiled. “If I understood, I wouldn’t be the adjutant of the commander-in-chief.”

Amidst Lei Tian’s loud laughter, Lei Qian said, “However, Lord Lei Hong and the others did not manage to capture any captives worth exchanging. Could it be that you sent Lord Lei Hong and the others out again yesterday for this matter?”

“That’s right. There are always some people who are valuable. Dawn is still useful!” Lei Tian smiled..