Chapter 1010 - Chapter 1010: Executive Officer Günter’S Resentment (2)

Chapter 1010: Executive Officer Günter’s Resentment (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Executive Officer of the Great Xi Clan, Günter, was really anxious when he saw this. If this three-phase thermal bomb exploded again, it would once again delay the distance of his return.

The short 1,000 meters was usually covered in an instant, but now, it was like the sky.

Energy light as thick as a bucket shot out of his palm. Executive Officer Günter attacked with all his might. This blue energy light that was as thick as a bucket actually broke through the energy wave of the first three-phase thermal bomb and blasted towards the second three-phase thermal bomb.

It was obvious that he wanted to use his full strength to destroy the three-phase thermal explosive.

However, Xu Tui’s mind power was attached to the three-phase thermal explosive.

Xu Tui detonated the three-phase thermal explosive again before Günter’s attack arrived. It still did not fly to the planned range, but as long as it was detonated, it would be of some use.

In an open environment, the most lethal range of the three-phase thermal bomb was 100 meters. The next level was within 500 meters. The next level was 1,000 meters. The maximum impact range of the energy wave could reach as high as five kilometers.

Although ordinary Genetic Evolution Realm experts could withstand the power of the five-kilometer explosion, it was enough to stall for time.

Time became endless again at this moment.

The first three-phase thermal bomb exploded once, the second, and the third high-temperature thermal explosion. Although it only took more than a second, it made Günter’s heart tighten.

It had been three seconds.

Light flashed. Even a Planetary realm powerhouse could not look directly at it. Another second later, the energy wave of the three-phase thermal bomb began to rapidly weaken. However, at the same time, another dazzling light suddenly exploded and shattered.

It was like a meteor shower on the Fuqiang asteroid.

That was the scene when the satellites and main planets in the bodies of

Planetary realm powerhouses were shattered.

The Planetary powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan had died!

“Bastard, damn it. The Blue Star humans deserve to die!” Günter roared angrily.

It was also at this moment that he had the chance to pass through the aftermath of the explosion of the three-phase thermal bomb and participate in the battle.

However, the moment he saw this Planetary realm powerhouse die, the furious Executive Officer Günter suddenly turned around. He did not charge toward Li Qingping and the other three. Instead, he charged toward Xu Tui.

He could tell that it was all because of this kid. Or perhaps this kid was in command! He wanted to kill Xu Tui first.

At the back, Bram, who had luckily escaped with his life, commanded as he mourned to himself. “Farewell, my temporary comrade…”

Xu Tui’s soul almost left his body. He had gone overboard. He had actually been targeted by Günter, the executive officer of the Great Xi Clan.

According to Li Qingping, the executive officer of the Great Xi Clan was most likely a Planetary powerhouse with seven satellites. He was only slightly weaker than Lei Tian or Erera.

Old Cai was only a Five Satellites Planetary powerhouse!

Without hesitation, Xu Tui turned around and fled. He had the Spatial Fold Origin Crystal ability Defense Card in his hand. He was prepared to save his life at any time. A sword light slashed down diagonally and blocked Günter. It was Li Qingping, who had been paying attention to Xu Tui.

A teenager who could risk his life to chase away Planetary powerhouses with a three-phase thermal bomb was a treasure boy. He had to pay more attention to him.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Li Qingping block Günter. However, Günter’s combat strength exceeded everyone’s expectations.

Li Qingping was a Four Satellites Planetary powerhouse. He was not too strong. However, if he could defend and fight a long battle, Old Cai would not be able to catch up to Li Qingping.

Li Qingping was a classic example of someone with thick skin and health bar. It was said to be indestructible! However, he still retreated continuously in front of Günter. He could barely block Executive Officer Günter.

The Planetary powerhouse from the American Sector, Haydoff, joined the battle. The two of them worked together to barely block it.

Then, the surviving Transmutation Realm elites in the Great Xi Clan suddenly gathered their energy and sent it into Günter’s body. Günter was even more brave. Even Haydoff and Li Qingping found it very difficult to join forces.

Anlevich joined the battle. It was three against one!

They barely blocked him.

There was only Asid left. Although it was not strenuous for him to deal with three quasi-planetary experts alone, he still needed some time to make a contribution.

Xu Tui chuckled when he saw this. His chance to play shameless had come again.

Previously, when he was fighting alongside Bram of the Great Xi Clan against the Spiritual Race, Xu Tui had noticed a small state of battle in the Great Xi

Clan.

The Transmutation Realm Elites who could remotely output energy to support their fellow experts would have their movements limited once they gathered their energy and sent it into the bodies of their respective experts to establish an energy support channel.

For example, an energy support team of ten people could only move collectively within a limited range. They could barely defend to a certain extent, but their mobility and initiative would be greatly reduced.

In short, once the Transmutation Realm experts at the back established an energy support channel with the experts in front of them, they would become live targets.

Three-phase thermal bombs loved such collective units.

Xu Tui shook his hand and took out another three-phase thermal explosive.

He did not have many of these things in his hands, but he still had a lot of them. A disposable flying sword flew out and was instantly fired with his mind power.

At the same time, the Transmutation Realm units of the Blue Star on the ground, which were individual Genetic Evolution Realm experts who could fly and fight, soared into the sky at the same time and participated in the battle.

“Again!” Günter’s depression was indescribable when he saw Xu Tui use the three-phase thermal explosive. The firearms with the weakest energy effect that they looked down on had taught them a lesson today.

“Disperse!” Günter roared. The dozens of Great Xi Clan’s Transmutation Realm experts supporting him suddenly dispersed. However, he directly erupted at this moment. Balls of extremely dazzling electromagnetic light shot out from his body.

A massive amount of electromagnetic light accumulated, causing him to rapidly expand like a celestial body.

An indescribable palpitation appeared in his heart.

The red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind suddenly flashed Blink, sending Xu Tui a dangerous signal. At that moment, Xu Tui felt that a large portion of the electromagnetic light seemed to be locked onto him.

Xu Tui cursed.

How much hatred did he have? This executive officer of the Great Xi Clan did not forget to take care of him when he was fighting three Planetary realm experts.

Without hesitation, Xu Tui used his mind power to crush the escape card that Old Cai had given him. Under the Crowd Control of his mental perception, Xu Tui instantly appeared on the ground of the Fuqiang asteroid 100 kilometers away.

The moment Xu Tui disappeared, the electromagnetic light around Günter suddenly exploded. It was as if there were small flowers scattered. Hundreds of electromagnetic arcs exploded.

At least 50 electromagnetic arcs blasted toward Xu Tui.

The spot where Xu Tui had been standing was instantly illuminated by the electromagnetic arc.

Li Qingping, who had just received a large number of electromagnetic arcs, saw this scene. His head buzzed and he almost lost his mind. @@novelbin@@

There was no blood!

It did not dissipate.

NO!

Li Qingping turned around and saw Xu Tui, who had just landed on the Fuqiang asteroid.

“Good lad!” Li Qingping heaved a sigh of relief.

The Planetary powerhouse from the American Sector, Haydoff, and the Planetary powerhouse from the India Sector, Asid, also saw this scene. The light in their eyes was a little complicated.

Without a doubt, they hoped that Günter would succeed in the scene just now.

It was one thing for them to fight to the death with Li Qingping and the others. However, it was another thing for the elite of the geniuses of the Huaxia Sector, Xu Tui, to be killed by the enemy.

It was a totally different matter.

What a pity…

Just as Günter’s ultimate move was about to explode, the other Warriors of the Great Xi Clan quickly retreated under the command of the surviving Planetary realm powerhouse, Bram.

Executive Officer Günter’s ultimate move was not a waste. At least they could retreat safely. However, the losses were really huge.

In this short minute, they had lost a Planetary realm, a quasi-planetary, and 18 Transmutation Realm experts. They had died on the spot.

There were also dozens of people who were severely injured.

This comrade was too f*cking plastic. He had become an enemy just by flipping over!

Deep in space, Lei Hong, who was observing this scene from afar, was tempted, but he was stopped by Lei Gen. “Sir, Günter is not easy to deal with, and the Blue Star humans are not good allies. Let’s retreat!”

After hesitating for three seconds, Lei Hong nodded heavily..