Chapter 1015 - Chapter 1015: You Should Have Received Roses (2)

Chapter 1015: You Should Have Received Roses (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Look at yourself!”

“I’m such a tough man. That attraction… Alright, I’ve been led astray by you!

Since that’s not the case, why are you looking at my body?” Zhou Chuan asked

curiously.

“You are a Transmutation Realm expert. I want to see the condition of the genetic chain in your body! This is because this requires absolute trust and release. I need you to completely trust me and allow my mind power to enter your body.

“That’s why I came to you. There’s no one else among the Transmutation Realm experts who can be trusted by me,” Xu Tui said.

“So that’s how it is… However, I’m still at a disadvantage. You’ve only seen my physical body, and my spirit has also been invaded,” Zhou Chuan joked.

At this moment, Xu Tui was asking for help. He was a little serious. “Brother

Zhou, if you think it’s inconvenient, forget it.”

Xu Tui was about to leave when Zhou Chuan stopped him. “I’m just joking with you. With our relationship, I’ll immediately contribute it to you if you have a valid reason to sleep with me, let alone see everything. Come, how do you want me to cooperate? Do whatever you want.”

“Sleep with you? Don’t disgust me.”

Three minutes later, Xu Tui’s mind power successfully entered Zhou Chuan’s body along the surface of his body. He began to use his mental perception on Zhou Chuan’s body.

It was worth mentioning that this was done in one go. Xu Tui’s mind power entered Zhou Chuan’s body without any resistance.

What did that mean?

This meant that Zhou Chuan trusted Xu Tui from the inside out.

Previously, when Xu Tui looked at Cui Xi, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, and the others, they still needed Xu Tui to use a little Spiritual Hypnosis to let go of the bottom line of his instinctive self-protection and let Xu Tui’s mind power enter.

It was not that Cui Xi, Yan Lie, and the others did not trust Xu Tui completely. It could only be said that Xu Tui had interacted with Zhou Chuan several times on the verge of death. His instinctive self-protection had also let go of Xu Tui. Xu Tui, who had clearly seen the main genetic chain in Zhou Chuan’s body, was stunned.

It was different!

The genetic ability chain of a Transmutation Realm expert was completely different from the genetic ability chain of the Evolution Realm.

It was still Level 3 gold.

Zhou Chuan was a Transmutation Realm expert, and his true ability was rated as a Level C Transmutation Realm expert. He had seven genetic ability chains in his body, but they were golden.

However, compared to the genetic ability chain at the Evolution Realm, nearly two-thirds of Zhou Chuan’s main genetic ability chain had Level 3 gold Genetic Base Points.

In the main genetic ability chain, there was only one Genetic Base Point that had been strengthened to peak Level 3 gold.

Xu Tui understood this very well.

In terms of the strengthening and development of the genetic ability chain and genetic base points, Zhou Chuan, a Transmutation Realm expert, was much weaker than Xu Tui.

For example, Xu Tui’s mental whip genetic ability chain. The genetic base points and genetic ability chain were all at Level 3.

However, it could not strengthen and develop to Level 4 as Xu Tui thought.

Now, he found the reason with his mental perception of Zhou Chuan.

The greatest difference between Zhou Chuan’s genetic ability chain, which was a Transmutation Realm expert, and Xu Tui’s genetic ability chain, which was at the Evolution Realm, was the internal branch.

Or rather, the internal circulation chain.

Xu Tui included the genetic ability chains of Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, and the others that he had seen previously. The genetic base points on a genetic ability chain were strung together by a genetic chain. It was as if a string was strung together to form a closed chain. @@novelbin@@

However, the genetic ability chains of Transmutation Realm experts were activated in this closed chain.

To put it simply, there were 12 Genetic Base Points in a genetic ability chain. They were marked as Genetic Base Points 1 to 12. There was a chain that passed through the middle and strung them together.

This was the genetic ability chain of the Genetic Evolution Realm.

However, the Transmutation Realm was different.

The Transmutation Realm had activated a large number of branches inside the closed chain. For example, Genetic Base Points 3 and 5 were connected by a short chain. Numbers 6 and 8 were connected by a short chain. It was connected by two short chains from Numbers 4, 5 and 7.

Before this, the energy of the genetic ability chain could only operate through this large closed chain. It was like a large traffic circle. However, now, the short chains inside the Transmutation Realm’s genetic ability chain had added many interconnected routes to this large loop.

The speed and strength of the energy passed through became higher, and the structure of the entire genetic ability chain became more stable.

Xu Tui suddenly understood as he observed the genetic ability chain in Zhou Chuan’s body. He understood the difference between the Transmutation Realm and the Evolution Realm.

The further stability of the internal structure of the genetic ability chain and the further increase in the efficiency of the energy circulation.

It made sense. The genetic ability chain was like a bracelet. It was extremely easy to change its shape when held in one’s hand.

However, if there were a few more chains in the middle, its form and structure would become more stable.

This time, he understood!

He knew the difference.

However, what was the main point of cultivation?

“Brother Zhou, I want to ask you. How did you break through from the peak of the Evolution Realm to the Transmutation Realm?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’ve been at the peak of the Evolution Realm for about 11 years, but I haven’t broken through. In any case, I followed the guidance of my seniors in the military and determinedly cultivated a few fixed genetic ability chains every day. I persisted in this cultivation for 11 years. One day, during a battle, I suddenly broke through.

“The probability of breaking through to the Transmutation Realm through persistent cultivation and battle training is very high!” Zhou Chuan was a little proud when he mentioned his cultivation experience.

Xu Tui was a little confused. Was this cultivation experience? This was the effect of grinding a steel rod into a needle. After 11 years of bitter cultivation, it was naturally formed…

Was there a cultivation method?

There was. It was bitter cultivation.

However, there was actually no cultivation method. It was just bitter cultivation!

“Of course, my talent is average. It’s considered slow. You’re different! I reckon that you don’t need 11 years. As long as you persist in your cultivation, you might be able to break through to the Transmutation Realm in three to four years…”

Zhou Chuan thought that Xu Tui was worried about time and was comforting him.

Xu Tui was speechless. He found the direction, but he did not have a way.

Just as Xu Tui was frowning, he received a message. It was Old Cai’s.

“I’m free now. You have something to discuss, right?” Cai Shaochu sent a message to Xu Tui.

“Yes, Principal. I have a few questions to ask you.”

“Come, I’ll wait for you in the newly completed Martyrs’ Cemetery.”

The infrastructure speed of the Huaxia Sector, be it on the Blue Star or the extra-terrestrial, could be said to be unparalleled. This was something that no one in the current seven sectors and one organization could compare to.

Infrastructure Demon was a real title.

The construction started immediately.

The first phase of the construction of the Martyrs’ Cemetery would be completed in four days.

Of course, it was mainly because most of the extra-terrestrial projects had been fully automated. As long as there were enough materials and design plans, the construction speed would be very fast.

When Xu Tui arrived at the martyrs’ cemetery in the asteroid belt, Old Cai was offering a large bouquet of chrysanthemums in front of the hero monument.

“Take this.”

When he saw Xu Tui arrive, Cai Shaochu casually pointed. Xu Tui carried the flowers and followed with the wine bottle. Cai Shaochu placed bouquets of chrysanthemums wrapped in transparent materials in front of the 19 strong earth tombstones with a solemn expression.

He served flowers and wine.

Xu Tui silently followed behind Cai Shaochu and handed him flowers. When Cai

Shaochu bent down and used both hands to offer the last bouquet of chrysanthemums to Wang Xiaozhi’s martyr tombstone, Xu Tui saw tears suddenly flash in Old Cai’s eyes.

“Principal…”

At this moment, Xu Tui did not know what to say.

Cai Shaochu handed him a bowl. Xu Tui filled it up. Cai Shaochu gave Wang Xiaozhi a bowl of wine, then handed it over. Xu Tui filled it up again.

This time, Cai Shaochu picked up the bowl of wine and took a sip. “You are all my students. I, Old Cai, am here today to toast you and offer you flowers! It’s a pity. At your age, you shouldn’t have received the chrysanthemums from me.

You should have received the roses…”

Xu Tui’s body trembled. He was stunned..