Chapter 1022 - Chapter 1022: The Mind Power Sand Box And Cai Shaochu’S Jealousy (2)

Chapter 1022: The Mind Power Sand Box and Cai Shaochu’s Jealousy (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As long as the Quantum Portal transportation system was established, the biggest problem of interstellar development would be resolved.

This was a huge surprise!

“It’s not as simple as you think. I can resonate with the quantum array core, but

I still need a carrier if I want to create the quantum array core alone.”

“A carrier?”

“It’s the palm-sized jade core of the quantum array core. In terms of technological research, this is a very pure ordinary-temperature superconducting and energy storage material. The energy storage performance far exceeds all the known materials we have now.

“Currently, the most similar thing to all the substances that the Blue Star had discovered was a seven-star jade slip that had been unearthed 4,000 years ago. The similarity was more than 97%.

“We highly suspect that this kind of jade slip that makes a quantum array core might have been artificially processed on a natural basis. Therefore, if we can’t make effective progress with the materials, we won’t be able to test out the quantum array core in a short period of time.” @@novelbin@@

Cai Shaochu’s words disappointed Xu Tui. However, he immediately became happy.

The quantum array core could already resonate. This was already a huge improvement. The next step was to break through the material problem and mass-produce it!

It was just a matter of time.

“This research result is currently top-secret! However, for the sake of inheritance, I have already discussed it with Wei Bin and reported it to the Huaxia Sector Genetic Committee to secretly screen candidates to learn the quantum array core resonance secret technique.

“Currently, through layers of screening, loyalty, strength, temperament, mind power, and so on, three people have been chosen as candidates for the quantum array core resonance secret technique. This was to prepare for the production of a large number of quantum array cores in the future. At the same time, it’s also for the continuation of the inheritance!”

Cai Shaochu’s sudden words made Xu Tui’s throat involuntarily move. Old Cai’s words made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat.

“And you are the only cultivation candidate I recommended and protected,” Cai Shaochu said as he looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had just thought of this.

“Principal, I’ve resonated before. I can resonate, but my mind power is not enough.”

“There are tricks. I’ll personally guide you later. Moreover, you have a foundation. You should be able to learn very quickly! However, you have to remember one thing, ” Cai Shaochu said solemnly.

“Principal, please go ahead.”

“Without my permission, you are not allowed to tell anyone that you have learned the quantum array core resonance secret technique that I invented. The three people who were learning the quantum array core resonance secret technique did not know each other. This is a top secret that involves the life and death of the Huaxia Sector!” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded heavily when he heard that.

Old Cai said that he would teach him step by step. He was really teaching him step by step. How should he put it? Old Cai was really awesome.

Xu Tui had previously used his mind power to resonate with the thousands of points on the quantum array core and knocked himself out. He had used the mind power in his body and the Genetic Base Points to resonate with the quantum array core.

But now, Old Cai had taught Xu Tui a trick.

He first used his mind power to split out a mind power sand box in his body. Then, he will control this mind power sand box that was isolated from his Mental Body with his will, and resonate with the quantum array core.

It was a little like that sandbox game! If he died, he could just start another round.

It was the same for the mind power sand box. During the resonance with the quantum array core, it would continuously collapse because of the imbalance in the resonance and power. But it doesn’t matter. He could just condense another mind power sand box.

Most importantly, as the mind power sand box continued to collapse and condense again, the resonance progress of the quantum array core was constantly increasing.

It was purely based on the number of times he won.

However, it did not cause any damage to the Mental Body.

To put it simply, Xu Tui would vomit blood and faint on the spot if he used his

Mental Body to resonate with the quantum array core. Then, he would sleep for a day and a half before recuperating. Only then could he undergo the next resonance attempt.

He had to ensure that he could control the range. He did not want the resonance to be too strong and cause him to go overboard.

The greater the resonance, the greater the trauma.

According to normal estimates, it would be good enough if he could resonate 30 to 50 times a year. He also had to have great willpower and masochistic tendencies.

However, Old Cai’s mind power sand box division method allowed Xu Tui to resonate with the quantum array core 50 times in just one afternoon.

This was the reason why he only stopped after he consumed 60% of his mind power. The resonance progress of the quantum array core was about 6%.

According to Old Cai, the progress was faster towards the end. He could just use this mind power sandbox resonance technique for more than ten rounds. At that time, he would be able to completely preserve the mind power sand box that was resonating with it.

Xu Tui’s progress was very fast, but he did not notice that the corner of Old Cai’s mouth was twitching from time to time.

“Principal, in that case, I will be able to complete the resonance of the quantum array core in seven to eight days at most and master the resonance technology of the quantum array core. This was not difficult! Why did Lei Xiang say that it’s very, very difficult for the Spiritual Race to master the resonance technology of the quantum array core?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled.

“Didn’t you see my progress?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Perhaps you’re a little different…”

“Different?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“The other two candidates who were chosen to cultivate the quantum array core resonance secret technique started cultivating half a month ago. Even now, they have barely managed to split their mind power into sand boxes.” Cai Shaochu was a little speechless.

“It’s been half a month. It’s not possible to only learn the basics of mind power division sandbox, right?”

Xu Tui was stunned. “I feel that it can be done very easily. Here, I’ve split out another two balls of mind power and created two mind power sand boxes. It’s just two seconds. What’s so difficult about that?”

Xu Tui did not understand. “Principal, is it because those two people have average mind power?”

“Quasi-planetary, it’s not a problem for a single person’s mind power to be double yours!”

Xu Tui: “…Then why is this happening? I feel that it’s very easy…”

“Yes, it’s not difficult, but the speed at which you split and construct the mind power sand box is faster than mine. It takes me 15 minutes to split and construct one. This is also because I’ve practiced it for many years…”

This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to twitch his lips. “Principal, no way? How could this be? I feel that it’s very easy…” “I’m analyzing the reason. I’ve analyzed two directions so far.”

“Principal, please go ahead.”

“First, it’s related to your current unique mental body core condition. Your mental body core has not been fused into the main genetic ability chain like the rest of us. It’s very pure! There was only the mental body. Therefore, your control over mind power was extremely pure and powerful. Therefore, I suggest that you explore in this direction,” Cai Shaochu said.

It had to be said that Cai Shaochu’s analysis made sense. This was the biggest difference between Xu Tui’s mental body and others. Only his pure mental body had not fused with any other power. That might really be the reason.

“What’s the second?”

“The second is the training you did previously. Spread out your mental body to

lower your cultivation aura. Then, condense your mind power into a mental body star core that can emit the aura of a quasi-planetary or even a Planetary powerhouse.

“I see that you have already trained to the point where you can contract at will. It’s very likely that this ability has greatly increased your control over your mind power, making it extremely easy for you to build a mind power sand box!” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded. This reason was also very likely.

“However, no matter what the reason is, we have already fused the genetic ability chain into our mental bodies and turned it into the main planet. We can’t learn it. But you can’t waste this talent.”

“Waste of talent?” Xu Tui did not understand now.

“Idiot!” Cai Shaochu suddenly slapped the back of Xu Tui’s head. “Didn’t you notice that the mind power sand box is extremely suitable for deducing new abilities and cultivation methods?”

Xu Tui, who was touching the back of his head, nodded belatedly. He felt the jealousy of Old Cai. Old Cai had slapped him just now purely because he was jealous of his talent in this area.

“Yes, that’s why I have a mission for you in the next few days. Help me complete it first before participating in the development of the asteroid belt,”

Cai Shaochu said..