Chapter 1023 - Chapter 1023: Researching The Divine Artifact And Testing It

Chapter 1023: Researching the Divine Artifact and Testing It

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Cai Shaochu had given Xu Tui two missions.

There was a security mission and a research mission. They were only combined in one itinerary.

The previous conflict with the Fuqiang asteroid, including the huge value of the asteroid belt and the future prospects, made Old Cai suddenly make a decision. He wanted to open the branch of the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute to the Manut asteroid and stay there.

As the Blue Star Humans stepped into the asteroid belt, the main energy of their previous greatest enemy, the Spiritual Race, would also be tied to the asteroid belt.

The importance of the asteroid belt increased exponentially. In the asteroid belt, one could immediately obtain all kinds of novel resources from the asteroid belt. If there was a problem, Cai Shaochu could also react immediately.

On the other hand, the Moon was still the number one outpost security base of the Blue Star for a long time to come.

However, due to the restrictions of the Quantum Portal, the moon became restricted by Planetary realm, quasi-Planetary realm, and Transmutation realm powerhouses.

There was no obstruction between Mars and the Manut asteroid. Although it took at least ten days for a Planetary realm to pass between Mars and the Manut asteroid, they could afford to wait for ten days.

The Quantum Portal between the Moon and Mars could only pass through the Genetic Evolution Realm at most. Even the Transmutation Realm could not pass through.

This meant that it would take Old Cai half a year to return to the moon from the Manut asteroid. It would take another half a year for him to come to the asteroid belt if he had something urgent. Therefore, Old Cai decided to stay on the Manut asteroid. He felt that it was more meaningful and useful for him to stay on the Manut asteroid.

Not only that, but Cai Shaochu also planned to open an extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College branch on the Manut asteroid after the basic construction of the defense system was completed.

Cai Shaochu had already reported this plan to the Huaxia Sector Genetic Committee and obtained its approval.

Of course, the Huaxia Sector was not the only one who had a similar plan. The India Sector, the American Sector, and the other sectors also made moves to strengthen the power of the asteroid belt.

It could be foreseen that for a long time to come, asteroids would be the focus of the Blue Star’s development.

This time, Old Cai’s mission for Xu Tui was to safely send the research materials and some research instruments of the Moon’s Galaxy Spirit Research Institute, as well as key research resources, and a portion of the staff to the Manut asteroid.

This was because there were many top-secret things involved. It was not convenient for outsiders to come into contact with them.

Xu Tui was considered a member of the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute. He was the most suitable person to escort them.

The second mission that Old Cai gave Xu Tui was a research mission.

Old Cai asked Xu Tui to try and see if he could successfully pass through the Moon and Phobos’ quantum portal.

Xu Tui understood what Old Cai meant. He had condensed the Mental Body Star Core in advance. Currently, the power fluctuations of the Mental Body Star Core had reached a level that only a Planetary powerhouse could have.

Cai Shaochu wanted to study clearly what the teleportation restriction of the Quantum Portal was. At the same time, he wanted to verify a guess. If this conjecture could be verified, the Huaxia Sector might have a cheating ability in the future.

In the future, he might even become an existence like a surprise soldier.

Currently, only Xu Tui could make this guess.

Xu Tui did not set off immediately. According to Old Cai, the staff of the Moon Galaxy Research Institute were organizing the information and resources. They told Xu Tui to go over in about three days.

Xu Tui also took advantage of these three days to settle his own matters.

The first thing Xu Tui did was to use the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

Xu Tui temporarily handed the captive, Lavis, over to Cai Shaochu. He wanted to see if he could get anything valuable from Lavis.

He had to give a Mysterious Silver Glazed Body to Ah Huang.

After having the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, Ah Huang could change its mindset more. With a spirit, Ah Huang could be said to be a life to a certain extent after fusing with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

Both Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu were looking forward to this.

He had also given Tri Ling Ding a Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. Although the Blue Star was constantly giving resources to the pioneer raiders, they had never been able to establish a real-time connection.

Xu Tui was a little anxious, especially since the information he received from the other side had discovered the Spiritual Race’s reconnaissance unit.

This was news from ten days ago.

Therefore, he had to give it to Tri Ling Ding.

However, according to Old Cai’s previous words, as long as he used his mind power to shake the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and become the new owner of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, Xu Tui could take back the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body that he had given to Tri Ling Ding at any time as long as he was willing.

The first step was naturally to deal with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

This step was actually very simple. It just took a little time. Xu Tui used his mind power to completely enter every part of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. Then, he used his mind power to continuously shake it.

It made the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, which lacked a mental body, filled

with the aura of Xu Tui’s mental body. It also established a connection with Xu Tui’s mental body core.

This way, the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body would recognize him as its master.

There were two ways to get the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body to change owners. The first was for Xu Tui to die and his mental body to dissipate.

The second was to use mind power from experts that was much stronger than Xu Tui’s. They used extremely violent methods to continuously shake the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and wash away Xu Tui’s mind power aura.

In other words, after Xu Tui gave the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body to Lavis, if Lavis’ mind power exceeded Xu Tui’s by a lot, he might turn the tables.

However, Xu Tui was not worried about that at all.

If such a situation really happened, Xu Tui would whip Lavis’ mind power away before it happened. He would whip it to a safe range.

It took more than half a day for the five Mysterious Silver Glazed Bodies to complete the recognition.

Xu Tui hesitated for a moment when he was about to place the mark of the Explosion Formula. The energy detonated by the Explosion Formula dealt a lot of damage to Lavis. If it was detonated, it could directly deprive Lavis of his new body.

But what about Tri Ling Ding?

There did not seem to be any threat. It was just blowing up its internal energy. It would not die anyway. In the face of a long life, it would take some time to refocus the energy that had exploded.

From this point of view, the threat of Xu Tui’s Explosion Formula might be useless to Tri Ling Ding. To put it in perspective, he was like a tycoon who had a long life and could earn a million a day. Then, a robber came and burned the millions that it had not used in the past few days. Would that affect the tycoons?

The answer was no.

Three to five days later, he earned a few million again.

Then Tri Ling Ding..

Xu Tui suddenly froze.

He thought of a possibility. He might have been fooled by Tri Ling Ding during this period of time. The useless threat of the Explosion Formula was most likely faked by Tri Ling Ding. The only effective threat of the Explosion Formula was that it could make Tri Ling Ding fall into a deep sleep under continuous detonation.

It had lived for so long. The fear it had before was most likely an act.

This old coin!

Xu Tui, who had reacted, felt a wave of anger in his heart.

Based on the current situation, so what if they discovered it? It was still useless! An attack could not penetrate its shell and threaten it. The only thing that could threaten it was to stuff it into a mind power shield box and bury it on an uninhabited planet.

However, the problem was that Tri Ling Ding, an old coin, was very useful most of the time. Xu Tui could not bear to bury it.

What a waste.

“Improvement of the Explosion Formula?”

This thought suddenly appeared in his mind.

Under normal circumstances, it was very difficult to improve the Explosion Formula. However, Xu Tui already had an idea.

It was impossible to injure Tri Ling Ding’s body. Under normal circumstances, it was impossible to injure Tri Ling Ding’s spirit. This was because neither the mental hammer nor the mental whip could enter its body.

The Ling Clan had really maxed out their defense. However, what if the mind power attack erupted from within? Didn’t they say that fortresses were broken through from the inside?

Under normal circumstances, it was very difficult for the Explosion Formula to injure mind power. It was also very difficult to study.

At this moment, Xu Tui realized how good the mind power sand box was. He could use the stupidest method to combine various methods and then test it with the mind power sand box.

Xu Tui immediately understood.

The mind power sand box might be one of Cai Shaochu’s most valuable inventions and abilities. This was because this ability was too useful for researching supernatural abilities.

In the mind power sand box, Xu Tui continuously used the simulation to change the Explosion Formula so that the Explosion Formula would have the ability to cause mind power damage.

Xu Tui fused the characteristics of the mental hammer and the Mental Vibrating Whip into the Explosion Formula in various ways.

The next day, the 83rd mind power sand box test.

Xu Tui detonated it in a daze. However, in the next moment, his gaze suddenly changed. He detonated it 82 times in a row and changed 82 times. The

Explosion Formula did not affect the mind power in the mind power sand box.

However, on the 83rd time, the Explosion Formula created by using the mental vibrating whip to exert force succeeded!

It could actually explode mind power after it exploded.

After it appeared again, Xu Tui’s eyes suddenly became green. He immediately contacted Tri Ling Ding.

“Tri Ling Ding, I’ve made a small improvement to my Explosion Formula. Come and try. I want to see if I can restrain Lavis,” Xu Tui said deliberately. As he spoke, he used his spiritual resonance.

“Boss, don’t… It hurts. Don’t use me as a practice…”

There was a hint of fear in Tri Ling Ding’s voice. However, in Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance, Tri Ling Ding’s spiritual fluctuation was as calm as a dead dog.

Where did the fear come from?

“It’s fine. I’m just trying it out.”

“You are the boss. You have the final say. However, Boss, you have to compensate me!” Tri Ling Ding asked Xu Tui for benefits in a slightly fearful voice.

“Yes, I’ll give you the Origin Crystal when I’m done. Put my mind power in. I’ll condense another Explosion Formula.” @@novelbin@@

“Alright, Boss. You must remember my sacrifice.”

“I’ll remember it!” Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui chuckled. “I’m done. Experience the change in power carefully.”

“Alright, Boss.”

“Explode!”

In the next moment, the surface of Tri Ling Ding’s body suddenly rose and fell like a wave.

At the same time that Tri Ling Ding let out a blood-curdling scream, Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance suddenly transmitted a crazy fear and pain from Tri Ling

Ding’s consciousness..