Chapter 1026 - Chapter 1026: Ah Huang Who Had Used Gong Ling As Reference (3)

Chapter 1026: Ah Huang Who Had Used Gong Ling As Reference (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Why do you dare to hug a super-small-sized man?”

“Can’t I treat it as carrying my son?”

“You’re the son! If you dare to treat me as a son, I’ll call everyone Mom on the streets!”

“You…”

“Can’t you be my nephew?”

“I’ll call everyone Mom! I’ll attack their chests and say that you, my father, taught me.”

Xu Tui was speechless. Suddenly, Xu Tui realized that it seemed to be a mistake to let a high-level artificial intelligence who had absorbed countless knowledge on the Internet turn into a human.

Xu Tui could not beat him at the beginning. He was completely defeated. However, it seemed that he could accept Ah Huang having a female appearance. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not be able to take it if another man kept leaning toward Xiaoxue.

“Alright, that’s all. However, can your… chest become smaller?”

“No, I like that! Why don’t I make it bigger?”

“Don’t!”

Ah Huang finally stopped.

“Is this… the feeling of being a human?” Ah Huang, who was less than 1.2 meters tall, stretched out its lazy chest. Xu Tui could not bear to look at that fluctuation.

However, he could not help but sneak a few glances. Although it was an artificial intelligence, it was indeed pleasing to the eye. It was comparable to Gong Ling’s in appearance!

At the thought of Gong Ling, Xu Tui seriously suspected that Ah Huang had referenced Gong Ling.

Suddenly, Xu Tui wanted to return to the Blue Star. It was peaceful. @@novelbin@@

The moment the scenes of the Blue Star kept flashing through Xu Tui’s mind, the 1.2-meter-tall Ah Huang that had shapeshifted suddenly shrunk like a deflated balloon. It shrunk to 60 centimeters. However, after shrinking, the ratio of his body was still very exaggerated.

“I don’t have enough energy. Give me some more!” Ah Huang said gloomily.

“Ah Huang, you have to understand that external power is not your power! Now that you have a spirit and a body, you have to consider cultivating yourself. Who knows, you might be taller than Xiaoxue in the future?” Xu Tui said.

“That’s true! However, the Internet says that it’s not good for a woman to be too tall. The most likable height for a woman is still about 1.6 meters. She could be in the arms of a man. However, I don’t know how to cultivate it.”

Xu Tui: ‘ .

Ah Huang already had a bad thought. It was not a problem to shape its body into a woman. But please don’t become a woman psychologically.

However, Ah Huang’s question was also very realistic. Ah Huang really did not Imow how to cultivate. While he was frowning, Xu Tui suddenly had an idea. He gave Ah Huang a cultivation method. It was the common cultivation method of the Great Xi Clan that he had obtained from Lavis.

Since Ah Huang was using the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body of the Great Xi Clan as its body, could it use the cultivation method of the Great Xi Clan?

“That makes sense. I’ll try it out now.”

Under Xu Tui’s gaze, Ah Huang began to try to use the Great Xi Clan’s Mystical

Energy cultivation method. Xu Tui’s mind power also stared at Ah Huang. If Ah Huang could use the Great Xi Clan’s Mystical Energy cultivation method, everything would be different.

Ten minutes later, the energy in Ah Huang’s body suddenly fluctuated. Its aura seemed to have increased for a moment, but after this instant, there was no movement from Ah Huang’s aura for the next 20 minutes.

“You can’t?” Xu Tui was a little disappointed.

“I can.”

“Then why didn’t your aura move?”

“There’s only a little energy inside. It’ll be gone after I absorb and refine it. I don’t know where to get it,” Ah Huang said.

“Lack of energy?” “Probably.”

“Try this.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui threw over a dozen grams of Origin Crystals.

A few minutes later, Ah Huang’s aura began to slowly and steadily increase.

“I can cultivate, Xu Tui. I can cultivate. I’m a human!” Ah Huang shouted excitedly. “Give me Origin Crystals. I want Origin Crystals! I want them!” Xu Tui took out another handful of Origin Crystals and threw them to Ah Huang.

In the next moment, Ah Huang shrunk into a mannequin-like wristwatch and wrapped itself around Xu Tui’s wrist. There was also a small pile of Origin Crystals wrapped under the wristband.

Xu Tui was stunned.

This ability to change his appearance was amazing.

It was only at this moment that Xu Tui had the time to look at Tri Ling Ding, which was also fusing into the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body..