Chapter 1028 - Chapter 1028: Ruan Tianzuo’S Compensation

Chapter 1028: Ruan Tianzuo’s Compensation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The quasi-planetary and four Transmutation Realm experts guarding Phobos’ quantum teleportation channel immediately rushed over. They were dumbfounded when they saw the quantum storm that had mysteriously appeared.

The quasi-planetary was a quasi-planetary guard from the European Sector. The moment he noticed the problem, he carefully sensed Xu Tui’s aura.

There was no problem with being at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

However, why would it trigger a quantum storm in the quantum teleportation channel?

The moment he was rejected by the quantum teleportation channel, the mental star core gathered in Xu Tui’s mind dissipated from the silver Planetary realm into a fog.

This was what Cai Shaochu had instructed.

After all, the Blue Star was now under the jurisdiction of the six alliances, and Old Cai was a relatively pure Huaxia nationalist. He liked to leave some trump cards for them.

Xu Tui felt that he had already been affected by Old Cai.

Although there were no problems with Xu Tui’s cultivation aura, the quantum teleportation channel of Phobos had produced a quantum storm because of his passage. This problem must be related to Xu Tui.

However, Xu Tui’s identity was rather special.

Xu Tui had mid-grade Level B individual rights and was also the recipient of the Blue Star Guardian Medal. Now, he was also the commander of the Huaxia Sector’s Worldly Special Force. This time, Cai Shaochu had even given Xu Tui the title of the vice-chairman of the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute for the sake of making it easier for him to move.

Of course, he would not let go of the matter of the quantum teleportation

channel because of Xu Tui’s identity.

Cai Shaochu had already prepared an excuse for Xu Tui.

“One of Principal Cai Shaochu’s quantum dimensional chain cards?”

Faced with Xu Tui’s explanation, the Phobos base’s control officer, Chedamovich, and the Planetary realm guards of Phobos with a lawsuit. They were all at a loss.

They had seen many Origin Crystal ability seal cards. They had never seen an Origin Crystal ability seal card could cause a quantum storm while passing through a quantum teleportation channel.

However, at the same time, there was no precedent on the Blue Star for an Origin Crystal ability seal card like the quantum dimensional chain. No one had ever created it before.

Cai Shaochu was the first.

Hunis, the Planetary realm guard of the India Sector on Mars, had a puzzled expression when he saw the Origin Crystal ability seal card that Xu Tui had taken out. He extended his mind power toward the Origin Crystal ability seal card that Xu Tui had taken out.

Only a small number of Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses had the ability of the quantum dimensional chain. Most of them did not.

If this ability could appear in the form of an Origin Crystal ability seal card, the meaning would be extraordinary.

Slap!

The confrontation of mind power directly affected reality, causing a wave of shock.

The mind power of Ruan Tianzuo, the Planetary realm guard of the Huaxia Sector on Mars, erupted and blocked Hunis’ mind power.

“Since it belongs to Principal Cai, you shouldn’t touch it,” Ruan Tianzuo said calmly.

“We have to verify if it’s real or fake, right?” Hunis said anxiously.

“Principal Cai has already sent a confirmation letter. It was indeed caused by his poor consideration. However, he also wants to move the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute to the frontline, the Manut asteroid.

“This was approved by the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the Genetic Committee of the various sectors. If you are dissatisfied, you can report it to the higher-ups, ” Ruan Tianzuo said calmly.

Ruan Tianzuo was very domineering. This was also the style of a Planetary powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector.

The Planetary powerhouses of the Huaxia Sector had been very powerful all these years. Especially when it came to outsiders, they would start fighting without a word. If they couldn’t win in a debate, they would fight!

Old Cai was a qualified leader.

Hunis’ idea of taking the opportunity to pry into the Origin Crystal ability seal card of the quantum dimensional chain was completely useless.

Xu Tui was naturally a researcher with a mission. No one dared to make things difficult for him.

To be honest, this was the second time Xu Tui had seen Ruan Tianzuo. If not for the incident with Lu Guanqing, today’s incident would have greatly increased Xu Tui’s impression of Ruan Tianzuo.

But now, even if Xu Tui had a good impression of him, it was filled with vigilance.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui, who had completed his statement, arrived at Phobos’ base in the Huaxia Sector. He was about to find a place to rest.

According to the judgment of the Planetary guards on Mars, the quantum storm in Phobos’ quantum teleportation channel would take four to six days to recover.

Therefore, Xu Tui could only wait on Phobos for a few days.

Fortunately, Zhou Chuan had already left the Manut asteroid with Tri Ling

Ding, who had an antenna, to explore space to find the location of the pioneer raiders.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would have been anxious to death if he stayed here.

Xu Tui had just entered the room that he had arranged when he activated his mental perception. Someone was here. At the same time, there was a knock on the door.

It was Ruan Tianzuo.

Xu Tui thought for a few seconds before opening the door. “Mr. Ruan, you are?”

Under normal circumstances, cultivators in the Huaxia Sector would address Planetary powerhouses as teachers. That way, they would have a closer relationship. Xu Tui addressing Ruan Tianzuo as Mr. Ruan was very obvious.

Ruan Tianzuo, who had a beard and white eyebrows, but had black hair, smiled slightly. He walked straight into Xu Tui’s quiet room.

As he entered, he smiled and said, “Little Xu, we’re like strangers. You’ve fought side by side with my grandson, Ruan Da, several times. You can be considered a comrade who has lived and died together. Why don’t I give myself airs and you call me Grandpa Ruan?”

Xu Tui looked at Ruan Tianzuo, who had entered as if no one was around. He felt a sense of disgust, especially when he looked like he should agree.

“Ruan Da and I are indeed comrades. However, I’ll still call you Mr. Ruan.

Otherwise, Principal Cai or I, Mr. Ji and Mr. Shang, will be at a disadvantage.” This soft nail stunned Ruan Tianzuo, He looked at Xu Tui strangely.

He was a Planetary realm powerhouse. This was the first time he had seen a young man reject the kindness of a Planetary powerhouse so directly. Previously, even if people from different sides rejected him, most of them admitted it verbally but rejected it in their hearts.

However, Xu Tui was a little direct.

“That’s true. Otherwise, it would be awkward for me to meet Brother Cai in person. Oh, yes, can I take a look at Principal Cai’s quantum dimensional chain Origin Crystal ability seal card?” Ruan Tianzuo asked.

“You have to ask Principal Cai about that.”

Xu Tui’s refusal made Ruan Tianzuo’s gaze turn cold. An invisible pressure instantly piled on Xu Tui. This was the mental pressure caused by the powerful mind power of a Planetary powerhouse.

Xu Tui was not afraid. It had pressure on him, but it did not affect him much. This also confirmed that Xu Tui’s mental body core had indeed reached the Planetary realm. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have been sweating profusely.

“There’s a seal formed by Principal Cai’s mind power on this card. I really don’t have the right.” Xu Tui did not want to make things too awkward with Ruan Tianzuo, so he explained.

“Oh, that’s true. I actually forgot about that.” Ruan Tianzuo laughed dryly and said in a joking tone, “By the way, I have something else. Little Xu, you won’t refuse, right? I’ve been rejected by you several times today.”

“It’s my honor to be able to work for Mr. Ruan. As long as I can do it, I won’t refuse,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“Heh, there’s something I have to tell you. During the last Mars battle, Lu Guanqing, the former vice-chairman of the Huaxia Genetic Research Institute, was attacked by passing extraterrestrial invaders on the Blue Star and died in an accident.

“I only reported it after I looked into it recently,” Ruan Tianzuo said with a smile.

Xu Tui’s mind raced.

Ruan Tianzuo was expressing goodwill to him. But he said it now, so the real cause of Lu Guanqing’s death would be hard to say. Perhaps Ruan Tianzuo and the others had killed Lu Guanqing recently to express their goodwill to Xu Tui.

At this moment, Xu Tui mourned for Lu Guanqing for three seconds.

Poor Lu Guanqing. He had never dreamed that his life and death would become a tool for Ruan Tianzuo to express his goodwill to Xu Tui.

“It’s a pity. Lu Guanqing was once a rare scientific research talent. After he serves, he might be able to contribute to the country. I didn’t expect…”

Next, Ruan Tianzuo pulled Xu Tui along and said a lot of meaningless words. However, what he talked about the most was his grandson, Ruan Da, and the future cooperation between the Worldly Special Force and the Haotian Special Force.

If the Worldly Special Force cooperated with the Haotian Special Force at all costs, it would be the strongest special force in the asteroid belt.

At the same time, the Ruan Family was anxious about Ruan Da’s safety. In the future, they would spontaneously allocate several quasi-planetary realm powerhouses to the Haotian Special Force. If needed, Planetary powerhouses might also appear.

This hint shocked Xu Tui.

Was Ruan Tianzuo showing Xu Tui the Ruan Family’s strength? Or was he hinting to Xu Tui that the Ruan Family might have a second Planetary powerhouse? However, the problem was that Ruan Tianzuo had come to Xu Tui’s place to express his goodwill and hint. What exactly did he want to do?

The answer was revealed a minute later.

“Little Xu, I heard from Ruan Da that your Worldly Special Force captured an expert of the Great Xi Race. Can you let me see him? To be honest, the cultivation path of Planetary powerhouses is filled with thorns. We have to develop it ourselves.

“I want to meet this captive of the Great Xi Clan and ask him some questions. I want to see if I can gain anything. Give me some cultivation references or hints.” Ruan Tianzuo seemed to be very sincere when he said this.

Xu Tui’s passive spiritual resonance did not sense any malice. It was only sincerity. Therefore, Xu Tui’s answer was very sincere. @@novelbin@@

“Mr. Ruan, it’s like this. There is indeed a captive of the Great Xi Clan. However, before I came, I had already handed this captive to Principal Cai for interrogation. Mr. Ruan, you can contact Principal Cai if you need anything or want to know,” Xu Tui replied honestly.

Ruan Tianzuo’s face darkened when he heard that. “Little Xu, you know that there are some things that I need to ask in person or even discuss. I can’t head to the Manut asteroid in a short period of time. Hand this captive of the Great Xi Clan to me. Lend him to me for a day. I will definitely repay him handsomely.”

“Mr. Ruan, I’ve really handed the captive to Principal Cai.”

Xu Tui could already sense traces of malice with his passive spiritual resonance.

“Xu Tui, I am very sincere.” Ruan Tianzuo stood up. “Or you can look for Cai Shaochu and ask him to come. Give me half a day. I will definitely repay him handsomely. My so-called generous reward starts from 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals and three Origin Crystal ability seal cards that I personally made.” Ruan Tianzuo directly stated his conditions.

To be honest, Xu Tui was very tempted by the generous reward. It could be said to be a windfall. Be it 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals or the three Origin Crystal ability seal cards that Ruan Tianzuo had personally made, they were all extremely worth it.

However, the captive of the Great XI Clan was really not with Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, my promise will be valid until you leave Phobos. If you can retrieve the captive of the Great Xi Clan from Cai Shaochu in these four to five days, you can look for me immediately. Of course, other than this reward, you can also obtain the friendship between me, Ruan Tianzuo, and our Ruan family!”

Ruan Tianzuo’s tone was filled with threat. In other words, if he did not, he would not have obtained the Ruan Family’s friendship.

After Ruan Tianzuo left, Xu Tui analyzed the situation for a while. He felt that Ruan Tianzuo could not obtain anything crucial from the captive of the Great Xi Clan.

In any case, he did not obtain anything crucial from Lavis.

The real reason was that Xu Tui was a little greedy for the 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals and the three Origin Crystal ability seal cards of Planetary powerhouse.