Chapter 1025 - Chapter 1025: Ah Huang Who Had Used Gong Ling As Reference (2)

Chapter 1025: Ah Huang Who Had Used Gong Ling As Reference (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If this was really Ah Huang’s wedding night, Xu Tui might really go and demonstrate. However, he was fusing with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body now. Xu Tui could only help personally.

In this aspect, Ah Huang was not like the experienced driver in the past. It was too f*cking inexperienced.

Xu Tui first took out a few grams of Origin Crystals, then used his mind power to draw out the energy. He then used the energy to wrap around Ah Huang’s chip.

Xu Tui prepared to use his energy to send Ah Huang’s chip into the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

The Mysterious Silver Glazed Body could contain almost all the known energy.

“Xu Tui, can you send the entire communication device in?” Ah Huang suddenly asked.

“Why?”

“Your personal communication device has been upgraded many times and has cost more than 100 million. Coupled with the next-generation quantum chip that was snatched from the resource planet in the later stages, its value is immeasurable.

“Since you said that it can be fused, I want to see if this thing can be fused with the function of a communication device. Otherwise, even if you change to another main chip, you can only use about 10% of your current computing power,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui thought about it. Ah Huang was right. His communication device had been upgraded and enhanced many times. It was now extremely high-end and convenient.

For example, he could seamlessly enter the military command channel during battle. He did not need to carry a communication device. He could help Xu Tui analyze and filter the relevant information during battle.

For example, when he was on the Fuqiang asteroid, Ah Huang was actually the artificial intelligence battle control center. It could accurately understand and execute all orders.

However, it was far inferior to a main chip.

“Then let’s try?

“Yes, I’ll work hard.”

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He wrapped his communication device with his mind power and sent it to the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

The moment they touched, Ah Huang’s voice suddenly sounded. “Alright, I understand what to do.”

How should he put it, worm?

At this moment, Ah Huang’s communication device was like a worm that slowly fused into the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. From time to time, it would shed some debris.

Xu Tui’s mind power enveloped it. If anything happened to Ah Huang, he would immediately intervene.

It was mainly because Ah Huang was too inexperienced in cultivation.

Moreover, the spirit was very weak. Previously, in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, he had only withstood a wave of seven-colored spiritual power before he fainted. It took him a few days to recover.

That colorful spiritual power had doubled Ah Huang’s mental body. However, it also meant that Ah Huang’s spirit was very weak.

Xu Tui felt a little nervous as he squeezed in bit by bit. More than an hour later,

Xu Tui’s communication device completely entered the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. Suddenly, Ah Huang’s voice sounded. “Xu Tui, I need some energy to simulate the components of the communication device.”

“Simulation? @@novelbin@@

“That’s right. Most of the components of the communication devices have been destroyed. Only something with an alloy nature has been fused in. However, I realized that this thing was really good. It can expand and change at will. As long as I have a plan, it can become what I want. I think that I can provide you with more functions in the future! It might even become a communication tower itself,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that. He sent a large amount of Origin Energy in.

Ah Huang’s thoughts were those of an advanced artificial intelligence. Although it had feelings, it had not changed to become a person.

Another hour later, the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body that Ah Huang had entered suddenly changed into a personal communication device held by a little person.

“This… Wait for me a little longer…”

Half an hour later, Xu Tui was stunned.

A 1.2-meter-tall Blue Star human girl stood in front of Xu Tui. It was very curvaceous, but it was a little short. There was even hair!

“F*ck, Ah Huang, why did you become like this? An oversized Ioli, are you crazy? Hurry up and change back. Shouldn’t your main body be… a dog?” “You’re the dog. Your entire family are dogs!”

Xu Tui was speechless by Ah Huang. Alright, it seemed that he was wrong. Ah Huang was not a dog. It was just an advanced artificial intelligence. “But you can’t become like this, right?”

“Aren’t I one of your type? Didn’t you tell me before?”

“I… Change it! Didn’t you call yourself Huang Tianba previously? Change to something more domineering. ”

“Aren’t I very domineering?” Ah Huang shook its chest without restraint!

Damn!

Xu Tui was speechless. He felt that he would not be far from death if he did this in public.

“Change it. I don’t think it’s appropriate.”

“That’s very appropriate.” “It’s not appropriate.”

“It’s very appropriate. I have a reason.”

“Reason? Tell me.’

“If I become a man, will Xiaoxue still want me? Can Xiaoxue still hug me? Can I still stay in the same bed as Xiaoxue?” Ah Huang asked.

Xu Tui was f*cking speechless. He really could not.

“If I become a man, can I follow you around all day long? Can I be hugged by you? Can I hang on to you? With my small physique, I’m afraid you’ll have to carry me away many times. Do you dare to run with a small man in your arms?” Xu Tui instantly broke out in a cold sweat. He did not seem to dare.

“But if you were smaller. Maybe I would dare if you become an ultra small size man..”