Chapter 1021 - Chapter 1021: The Mind Power Sand Box And Cai Shaochu ‘S Jealousy (1)

Chapter 1021: The Mind Power Sand Box and Cai Shaochu ‘s Jealousy (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the Huaxia Sector’s general base of the Manut asteroid, Xu Tui was still unsatisfied when the virtual projection in front of him dissipated.

Old Cai was too awesome!

He had directly slapped Nilab in public. He could even scold them without any

repercussions. He would end it with ‘the Worldly Special Force did the right thing’!

This was no longer something that could be done with pure strength.

He was brave and resourceful. He took every step forward with careful thinking.

Xu Tui felt that he could not find any other words to describe Cai Shaochu. Under normal circumstances, such actions would trigger retaliation. However, in the end, Freedom and the Indrat Special Force did not delve deeper because if they did, the Worldly Special Force would ask them for an explanation.

This was also what Cai Shaochu did with his confidence.

The Worldly Special Force did the right thing!

Thinking about it, Xu Tui felt that he was actually… quite awesome.

However, that was not all.

The slap that he had given Nilab just now was not a joke. As everyone knew, this kind of virtual projection meeting was actually purely technological, which was the ability of the Technology Department.

Cai Shaochu, who was sitting at the venue, was just a collection of projections and voices. It was purely a piece of data.

But have you ever seen data slap people? And the kind that drew blood?

This was more terrifying.

There was only one explanation for the data. Cai Shaochu had broken through. Not only had he broken through, but Cai Shaochu’s ability might have crossed realms.

What did it mean to cross realms?

The abilities of the Technology Department were technology, and the abilities of the Supernatural Branch were supernatural.

The ability that Cai Shaochu had displayed just now was to fuse supernatural abilities into technological abilities. He refined the characteristics of this ability: It was very likely that Cai Shaochu would slap you along the Internet! Are you afraid? Wherever there was Internet, Old Cai would slap you!

But now, it was just a slap.

In the future, would Old Cai be able to silently kill people where there’s Internet?

Even if the Internet was cut off before you went to bed, if someone passed by your bedroom with a wireless signal, Old Cai’s ability would appear along the

Internet.

Are you afraid? Could you still have a good sleep?

Of course, this was only the most likely guess of the ability that Old Cai had displayed just now. It was also the real reason why the people in charge of the various alliances and the Planetary powerhouses were stunned.

The ability of the Technology Department and the Supernatural Branch to fuse across realms, if…

“It’s not as exaggerated as you think. I can only slap people along the quantum fluctuations. I can’t slap people along the Internet.” Cai Shaochu, who had left the venue, explained as he looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was stunned. Has Old Cai seen through his thoughts again?

He had already condensed the Mental Body Star Core. Moreover, because he had absorbed the colorful spiritual power in the Shadow Sword Fire Slip last time, his Mental Body Star Core had already advanced to silver. How could Old Cai see through his thoughts?

This did not make sense!

Xu Tui had consulted Old Cai previously and confirmed that the core of the mental body, which was the advancement of the main star to silver, was one of the characteristics of a Planetary powerhouse.

However, Xu Tui’s current situation was rather strange.

The mental body core of a Planetary powerhouse usually had to fuse with the main genetic ability chain.

But Xu Tui’s Mental Body Core was currently a pure Mental Body. It did not

fuse into the genetic ability chain. This was also the reason why Xu Tui’s mental body had the characteristics of a Planetary powerhouse, but it did not have the corresponding strength.

“You dispersed yourself. And you’re blaming me?” Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui speechlessly.

Xu Tui quickly used his introspection and realized that his mental body core had been dispersed. It was spread out like a huge cyclone. With a thought, his Mental Body gathered and instantly gathered into a silver ball the size of an egg.

This was the Mental Body Star Core.

The moment it gathered, Xu Tui restrained his aura under the guidance of his mind power. He did not release any Planetary fluctuations.

This was also the method of restraint that Old Cai had taught Xu Tui.

“Why are you so nervous? Do you have a secret?” Cai Shaochu said leisurely.

Xu Tui was silent. He was a little nervous. It was indeed a little secret.

Cai Shaochu laughed when he saw this. He slapped the back of Xu Tui’s head. “Nervous my ass! Who doesn’t have some secrets? There are some secrets that I can’t tell my biological father and wife.”

“Principal…” @@novelbin@@

“Let’s get down to business. The main reason why I was able to step over the virtual data and slap Nilab was because the data link this time was transferred through the Quantum Portal. Do you understand?”

Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui with an enlightening gaze. Xu Tui frowned and suddenly said in shock, “Principal, are you saying that… you have made progress in your research on the Quantum Portal?”

“You’re not too stupid!”

“I followed Lei Tian and the others the entire time when they helped us solidify and fuse, including building the new Quantum Portal of the Manut asteroid. In addition, the quantum array core you gave me provided me with a research foundation. I already have a brand new understanding of the Quantum Portal. It can already completely resonate with the quantum array core, ” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui was stunned.

This was a huge leap. Didn’t that mean that he could create a quantum array core? As long as the Huaxia Sector could create a quantum array core, it meant that the Huaxia Sector could open a Quantum Portal at will on the planets they occupied..