Chapter 1024 - Chapter 1024: Ah Huang Who Had Used Gong Ling As Reference (1)

Chapter 1024: Ah Huang Who Had Used Gong Ling As Reference (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui could not sense how much damage the mental Explosion Formula that he had modified with the mind power sand box would do to Tri Ling Ding. The pnyslcal Doay mat tne Ling clan naa evowea was too aDnorma1. unaer normal circumstances, mental perception would not be able to penetrate it. @@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui could clearly sense Tri Ling Ding’s emotional reaction under the spiritual resonance.

It hurts!

It hurts!

There was also fear.

This was not the case when he activated the Explosion Formula in the past. In the past, when Xu Tui activated the Explosion Formula, Tri Ling Ding would only say no, but in his heart, it did not matter.

Explode if you want.

To it, energy was just something that could be collected sooner or later. To the long life of the Ling Clan, it did not matter if it was a few years earlier or later.

It would only feel a little afraid when Xu Tui threatened to throw it into the mind power shield box and bury it on an uninhabited planet.

He had never felt pain or fear like now.

It worked!

It was very effective!

“Eh, Tri Ling Ding, my newly modified Explosion Formula seems to make you feel very uncomfortable. Why are you trembling?” Xu Tui pretended not to use his spiritual resonance to sense Tri Ling Ding’s state.

“Itchy… Boss, it makes me a little itchy… Hahaha…”

Tri Ling Ding’s laughter that was itchy entered Xu Tui’s mind through his consciousness. However, its laughter was a little off. It had screamed just now, but normal people could not hear its screams.

“Just an itch?”

The corner of Xu Tui’s mouth twitched. He could tell that Tri Ling Ding was pretending very hard. It was clearly feeling extremely uncomfortable, but it still pretended to be itchy and laughed. It was really a little tiring.

Xu Tui pretended not to know.

“Anyway, I’m itchy. Boss, look at me smiling!”

“Then do you think this will be useful to the captive, Lavis?

“It should be useful! Our Ling Clan’s defense ability is superb. It can’t affect me. It can only make me itch, but it will definitely affect Lavis.”

It was obvious that Tri Ling Ding had tricked Lavis.

“Yes, yes, I understand. Continue to let go and let my mind power enter. I’ll use a few more of these Explosion Formulas and give you the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body,” Xu Tui said.

Tri Ling Ding was a little confused. “Boss, your modified Explosion Formula is useless against me. It will only make me itch. You should use the previous Explosion Formula. It’s very useful to detonate my energy.”

“It’s indeed useless to you, but the laughter that the improved Explosion Formula makes you laugh feels very comfortable to me. It’s very stress-relieving. If I’m unhappy in the future, I’m prepared to explode this and hear your laughter. At that time, I think I’ll be happy,” Xu Tui said.

Tri Ling Ding: In the words of the Blue Star, there’s a curse that I don’t know if I should curse!

As an old coin that had been around for countless years, Tri Ling Ding would not be an old coin if he did not know the truth at this moment. It was obvious that he knew that Xu Tui had seen through him. “Boss, I don’t like this Explosion Formula.” “But I like your laughter.” “I will cry in the future. I won’t laugh.” “Then I’ll like your cries too.”

Tri Ling Ding: ‘

“Are you going to let my mind power in yourself, or should I use the Explosion Formula to detonate all the energy in your body and make you sleep before entering?” Xu Tui was cold and merciless.

“Boss, you’re so ruthless…”

Left with no choice, Tri Ling Ding could only let Xu Tui’s mind power enter. The feeling of being forcefully branded with the Explosion Formula after he fainted would only be worse.

Who knew what Xu Tui would do?

For a moment, Tri Ling Ding was a little depressed. However, a minute later,

Tri Ling Ding became happy. That was because Xu Tui had given it a Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. This was one of the top substances in the Milky Way. It was not natural, but it was not synthetic either. It was very precious.

Most importantly, it suited the Ling Clan!

The Ling Clan did not have the ability to attack. They only had a powerful defense that was almost immortal. However, the flexibility of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body could supplement this shortcoming to a certain extent and give him infinite possibilities.

It could only accept the Explosion Formula that could injure their Ling Clan’s mental body.

“I’ll give this to you. I hope you’ll be obedient and show me your value. There’s already the Explosion Formula I planted inside. If I think you’re trash, I’ll take it back at any time. Lavis and Ah Huang should like it very much.” Xu Tui’s words immediately made Tri Ling Ding feel pressured.

There were competitors. There were two powerful competitors.

Xu Tui had a total of five Mysterious Silver Glazed Bodies. In the next moment, when Xu Tui placed the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body in front of Tri Ling Ding, a wave of energy erupted from Tri Ling Ding and pounced forward.

Xu Tui chuckled coldly.

This fellow indeed had the energy he had hidden. There was nothing to say about the old coin. He would slowly fight him after he was done!

On the other side, Xu Tui took out another Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and removed his communication device. Ah Huang’s spirit was in the chip of his communication device.

“Ah Huang, do you need me to help you place the chip into the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body?” Xu Tui asked.

Compared to the old coin Tri Ling Ding, Ah Huang looked very young. Although Xu Tui had already taught it the method, at this moment, Spirit could not even come into contact with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

He was like a young groom who could not find the correct place on his wedding night. It made Xu Tui anxious..