Chapter 1020 - Chapter 1020: Godly Assistance And Did The Right Thing

Chapter 1020: Godly Assistance and Did The Right Thing

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, the situation today made the gaze of the deputy director of the European Sector’s Genetic Committee, Doge Antheus, shift. The situation was not right.

In the past, in the six alliances, the Huaxia, Russian, and African sides, the America, India, and European sides, Rayxmont, the director of the highest Genetic Committee, was just a decoration. They were evenly matched.

However, the situation was not right today.

It was rare for Raymont to interfere. On the surface, he only stopped Wei Bin and wanted the meeting to continue. However, in reality, it meant that Raymont was on the side of India.

This was because once Wei Bin flipped the table, this matter would be put on hold indefinitely. Then, there would be a wrangling.

His skin could be gone just like that.

However, since he had stopped Wei Bin, this matter had to continue.

Most importantly, the Lord of The Myth, who had just obtained a seat in the meeting, actually had the intention of standing on the side of the India Sector.

If he asked Wei Bin to stay and not flip the table, it would be disadvantageous to the Huaxia Sector.

This was because the alliance of the newly added Huaya Sector 7, which was the Yamato Sector, the Korean Star Sector, and the Sing-Malaysia Sector, would definitely stand on the side of the American Sector.

In that case, it would be five to three if they raised their hands to vote.

The Huaxia Sector would be completely defeated!

After being stopped by Raymont and the Lord of Myths, Wei Bin could not flip the table blindly. He could only slowly sit down and look at Raymont and the others coldly.

The intervention of the Lord of Myths and the usually mud-faced Raymont made Wei Bin smell that he had been tricked.

“What Maiponeo and Nilab said is just one-sided. We also have a chain of evidence…

“Old Wei, let me do it. I’m more familiar with the situation.” Cai Shaochu suddenly smiled. Wei Bin looked at Cai Shaochu, then nodded slightly. Cai Shaochu stood up and suddenly looked at Nilab, the deputy director of the

India Sector’s Genetic Committee. “Mr. Nilab, please repeat your complaint.

“Also, let me remind you that Xu Tui, the commander of the Worldly Special

Force, and all his members are my students. If you have any temper, you can come at me!”

Nilab froze.

Was Old Cai that easy to talk to today? So soft? Why did he feel that there was a hole?

Looking at Nort, a Planetary powerhouse sitting beside him, and receiving the affirmation from Maiponeo’s gaze, Nilab stood up again and accused the Worldly Special Force again.

Perhaps it was because of his excitement, but the document in his hand was pointed at Cai Shaochu.

“Mr. Nilab, don’t point at me!” Cai Shaochu suddenly emphasized, with a hint of warning.

Nilab quickly adjusted the direction of his finger. He had really pointed at Cai @@novelbin@@

Shaochu just now. However, after he adjusted his direction, Cai Shaochu said,

“Mr. Nilab, I’ll say it again. Don’t talk to me with your finger!”

Nilab was stunned. He had already moved away, but it seemed to have a little of

that intention. This time, Nilab pointed his finger to the side, at a right angle from Cai Shaochu. These could not be pointed at Cai Shaochu.

However, to everyone’s surprise, Cai Shaochu spoke again. “Mr. Nilab, this is my third warning. Don’t talk to me with your finger!”

Nilab felt extremely aggrieved. “This… Principal Cai, I really didn’t…”

Just as Nilab was arguing, Cai Shaochu’s virtual projection suddenly exploded. His aura moved, and he slapped Nilab’s face. Nilab staggered, and blood came out of the corner of his mouth.

At this moment, the Planetary powerhouse from the India Sector, Nort, reacted. He suddenly protected Nilab and shouted, “Cai Shaochu, what are you doing?”

Nilab was a little confused. Nort was very nervous, but the people in charge of the other sectors and the Planetary powerhouses, including Raymont and the Lord of The Myth, all looked at Cai Shaochu in shock.

This was a f*cking virtual projection!

In simpler terms, it was just a pillar of light and a virtual video conference. How did Cai Shaochu’s virtual projection become a human?

Not only did he slap him, he even drew blood from the corner of Nilab’s mouth.

The meaning behind this shocked everyone.

Nilab, who had been slapped in public, was strangely angry.

This was an insult! This was a stomp! The trampling of the India Sector, the trampling and insulting of Nilab’s personality!

Nilab sitting here represented the India Sector. Cai Shaochu actually dared to slap him in public. He could not tolerate this! This was a provocation, a declaration of war!

“Director Raymont, the people in charge of the various sectors, I think that the actions of the Planetary powerhouse of the Huaxia Sector, Cai Shaochu, are a

serious violation…

Before Nilab could finish speaking, Cai Shaochu’s virtual projection swayed slightly and looked at Nilab. Nilab was immediately so frightened that he retreated behind Nort. If he was slapped by Cai Shaochu again, his face would be completely gone!

No, it was almost gone!

“Everyone, you don’t want to hear the reason why I slapped Vice-Chairman Nilab?” The moment Cai Shaochu spoke, the people-in-charge of the various sectors and the Planetary powerhouses nodded.

They had to take this step down!

Otherwise, would they really be able to declare war on the Huaxia Sector for Nilab’s slap or send a Planetary powerhouse to fight Cai Shaochu to the death?

That was impossible!

Therefore, Nilab’s slap was basically…

Nilab, who had realized this, felt aggrieved like a little wife who had been…

raped.

However, they were still very willing to listen to Cai Shaochu’s explanation.

“Mr. Maiponeo, let me ask you something,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Please ask, Mr. Cai.”

“When the police of the American Sector face dangerous people with guns, they usually warn them to put down their guns, right?”

“That’s right.” Maiponeo nodded.

“What about when the other party didn’t let go of the gun after the first warning?”

Maiponeo thought for a moment. “Second warning.”

“What if you still don’t lower your gun after the second warning?” “Third warning,” Maiponeo said.

“What if they still didn’t lower the gun after the third warning? A fourth warning?”

“No, our police will decisively shoot and kill the dangerous people!”

“Very good!” Cai Shaocnu nodded in satisfaction. “Let me ask you another question. What if a stranger barged into your house without permission?”

“Warning first!”

“What if they still insist on barging in after the warning. Is there a second warning?”

“I will choose to shoot or call the police!” Maiponeo already understood what Cai Shaochu meant. However, even though he understood, he had no choice but to jump into this pit at this moment.

“A perfect answer! Then I’ll invite everyone to watch a video now. We’ll talk about other questions after you watch it.”

The meeting hall immediately lit up with recordings of the Worldly Special

Force’s previous battles. It was a broadcast warning from the Worldly Special Force when the American Sector and the India Sector landed on the Fuqiang asteroid.

When the Freedom Special Force and the Indrat Special Force wanted to forcefully barge into the ancient base of the Great XI Clan, the Worldly Special

Force gave a loud warning.

There were definitely more than three warnings!

However, be it the Freedom Special Force or the Indrat Special Force, they still insisted on charging in.

“Even if they did not announce the Fuqiang asteroid to the Manut Asteroid Combat Allegation Department, the Worldly Special Force should have occupied the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan first, right?

“There was no need to talk about the electronic flag and preliminary measurements. For the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, there should be a first-come, first-served basis, right?

“After continuous warnings, the Freedom Special Force and the Indrat Special

Force still want to attack forcefully. Everyone, tell me, if the Worldly Special

Force doesn’t counterattack, are they going to disarm and surrender?”

Cai Shaochu’s gaze swept past everyone in the meeting room. “If anyone has any objections, say it now! If anyone really has a different opinion, I’ll get the Worldly Special Force to follow their butts next time. As long as they discover a valuable planet, I’ll get the Worldly Special Force to reenact this scene! Do you have it? Do you have it? If you do, tell me quickly!”

No one spoke!

Cai Shaochu’s threat was secondary. It was mainly because Cai Shaochu’s actions today were reasonable. The answer of the deputy director of the

American Sector’s Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, was even more helpful.

He could not refute it!

“Then there are no objections, right? That means that the Worldly Special

Force did the right thing! Let’s leave this matter at that! Meeting adjourned!”

Cai Shaochu had a look of disdain. Just as everyone was helplessly accepting it, Cai Shaochu suddenly said, “Mr. Maiponeo, actually, I wanted to slap you at the beginning today, but in the end, I changed my mind and slapped that person…”

Nilab was speechless..