Chapter 1029 - Chapter 1029: Patriotism And The Elementary Form Of The Dimensional Form

Chapter 1029: Patriotism and The Elementary Form of the Dimensional Form @@novelbin@@

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Cai Shaochu was not surprised by what Xu Tui said about Ruan Tianzuo.

“Ruan Tianzuo has already contacted me and told me his needs. I’ve already told him about the cultivation method and mystical characteristics of the Great Xi Clan that I obtained from Lavis, as well as a portion of the interrogation records you gave me. It’s mainly because of the Great Xi Clan’s cultivation method. I gave both to Ruan Tianzuo,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, did you give it all to him? Was it before or now?” Xu Tui quickly asked.

“Half a day ago.”

That meant that Ruan Tianzuo had come to look for Xu Tui after he obtained the relevant information about the Great Xi Clan from Cai Shaochu.

Then what was Ruan Tianzuo trying to do? Did he have other motives for wanting to obtain the captive of the Great Xi Race, Lavis?

Old Cai did not answer Xu Tui’s doubts directly. “Old Ruan is a person with ideas. I’ve already given him the relevant information. If he still wants to get the captives of the Great Xi Clan from you, I’m afraid he only has one goal.”

What goal?

Xu Tui thought about this goal for a few minutes before he thought of it. Since he had already obtained the relevant information about the Great Xi Clan, what Ruan Tianzuo wanted to obtain was some unconventional information.

What was an unconventional item that Ruan Tianzuo needed?

“Principal, are you saying that Ruan Tianzuo wants to contact the Great Xi Clan and obtain effective contact information from Lavis? What exactly does he want to do?” Xu Tui was a little stunned when he reacted.

“I don’t know. It might really be for cultivation. It might also be…” Cai Shaochu could not say some things even when he was facing Xu Tui when it involved Ruan Tianzuo.

However, Xu Tui was certain that if Ruan Tianzuo really wanted to obtain the contact information of the Great Xi Clan, his goal was definitely not just to cultivate.

“Alright, these things are not for you to worry about. Now, you can choose what to do. After all, Lavis is your captive. If you want to exchange it with Ruan Tianzuo for 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals and three Origin Crystal ability seal cards, come and get them from me. It’s up to you! Anyway, I’m a poor person. Even if you reject him, I can’t make it up to you.”

After Cai Shaochu finished speaking, he hung up.

In Cai Shaochu’s residence, Cai Shaochu, who had hung up on Xu Tui, had a bitter expression. “These ambitious people can’t sit still anymore. I hope…’

As his thoughts raced, Cai Shaochu sighed softly. However, not long after, his expression became determined.

In Phobos’ temporary resting residence, Xu Tui also had a conflicted expression.

The two forces were fighting.

On the one hand, there was no benefit in refusing. On the other hand, after agreeing, he would obtain 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals and three Origin Crystal ability seal cards made by a Planetary powerhouse.

This was really a huge sum of money.

Most importantly, on the surface, it did not seem to do Xu Tui any harm after he agreed.

At this moment, Xu Tui secretly cursed Old Cai.

Old Cai, you should just cut off this thought of mine.

Xu Tui would definitely not agree if Old Cai said no. He was in a dilemma now. Most importantly, Old Cai did not say no. A huge temptation was placed in front of Xu Tui. It was really… torturous.

In just half an hour, Xu Tui had been in a dilemma. He was mentally and physically exhausted. This was even more tiring than fighting someone.

Most importantly, there were no results yet.

“Ah Huang, what do you think we should do about this?” Xu Tui turned to discuss it with Ah Huang. Based on my status as an advanced artificial intelligence, in terms of both gains and losses, I think you should exchange it,” Ah Huang said.

“Why?”

“Ten thousand grams of Origin Crystals is close to a third of the Africa Sector’s annual income. It’s extremely valuable.

“Not to mention three Origin Crystal ability seal cards made by a Planetary powerhouse. If you really put them up for auction, they can be sold for three to four kilograms of Origin Crystals each. It’s very easy and has a huge value. There’s also the friendship of the Ruan Family. The benefits are huge. I think you should take them,” Ah Huang said.

“So I should take it?” Xu Tui was a little hesitant. “What about the other aspect? Can you calculate what I would lose?

“What we lose is negligible.”

“Why?”

“You’ll lose Cai Shaochu’s trust or expectations at most. According to Cai Shaochu’s previous call, he probably doesn’t want the Ruan Family to obtain the contact information of the Great Xi Clan too early.

“I don’t think this insignificant loss matters. You can completely accept it! Let’s take it,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui smiled bitterly.

He was speechless.

Was this an insignificant loss?

If Xu Tui did not know that Ah Huang was just an advanced artificial intelligence that had just gained a spirit and obtained basic emotions, he would have thought that Ah Huang was being sarcastic.

In reality, Xu Tui had discovered another loss through Ah Huang’s reminder.

What he might lose might be his bottom line. If he agreed, he would lose his bottom line in the face of benefits.

Old Cai was most likely unwilling to let Ruan Tianzuo obtain the captive of the Great Xi Clan for the benefit of the Huaxia Sector. In any case, based on his current understanding, it was possible for Cai Shaochu to be impartial for the benefit of the Huaxia Sector. But Ruan Tianzuo?

Xu Tui expressed that he would rather believe a woman’s mouth than believe that Ruan Tianzuo would be impartial for the benefit of the Huaxia Sector.

In an instant, Xu Tui, who had made his decision, suddenly felt extremely relaxed. He also became happy.

He had no choice. Xu Tui, who had been born in the rich and powerful Huaxia, was very patriotic.

This was because Xu Tui would have to stay on Phobos for at least four days in the quantum storm of the quantum teleportation channel. He could not move, but he could not waste time.

Xu Tui would spend time every day building the mind power sand box. While he kept simulating the resonance quantum array core, he would not relax in his cultivation.

However, the mind power sand box that Cai Shaochu had taught Xu Tui suddenly unlocked many new cultivation postures for him.

Before this, he had to think and discuss any new cultivation direction over and over again. He deduced it countless times in his mind. Only after confirming that there were no problems did he dare to carefully try it out.

If he was not careful, he might kill himself.

There were too many precedents on the Blue Star. Whether it was the Dimensional Sword that Xu Tui had determined previously or the way to quickly break through to the Transmutation Realm, they were all limited by this.

He had to slowly try to deduce it. He even had to decide if he wanted to continue advancing according to his feelings.

However, with the mind power sand box, this was more reckless. If he had an idea, he could experiment immediately.

Destroyed? It did not matter. Xu Tui would need a minute to separate and build another mind power sand box.

Of course, mind power had to be consumed. The more complicated the deduction, the more mind power it consumed. Therefore, even though Xu Tui had a mind power sand box that he could immediately build to waste, he was still cautious.

He had to deduce most of it before he would try it out in the mind power sand box or in some uncertain directions.

Xu Tui was still thinking about how to quickly break through to the

Transmutation Realm. He had many ideas, but they were not mature yet.

On the contrary, the Dimensional Sword already had a mature idea.

During the Mars battle, Xu Tui had a preliminary idea of his sword after being inspired by Cai Shaochu. It was only when he was on the Fuqiang asteroid that he formed a preliminary direction—the Dimensional Sword.

Over the past few days, Xu Tui had been constantly checking the relevant information and perfecting his thoughts. He had even consulted Cai Shaochu about the concept of the relevant dimension.

For example, in Cai Shaochu’s words, time was definitely a type of dimension, and it was definitely a higher dimension above three dimensions.

In the Eastern and Western Myths of the Blue Star, time was always an ability that only an extremely small number of gods could master.

Time was a dimensional ability that was very difficult.

However, as long as he grasped it, he would be very strong.

This direction actually had a scientific dimension.

However, Xu Tui’s Dimensional Sword had not just been a scientific dimension from the beginning.

In Xu Tui’s own understanding, his Dimensional Sword would be a combination of the dimensions of supernatural beings and science. Especially in the early stages, it paid more attention to supernatural beings.

The dimension of science was too powerful.

Time dimension, four dimension, and five dimensions were a little difficult. This might be one of the ultimate forms of Xu Tui’s Dimensional Sword in the future.

But now, Xu Tui’s Dimensional Sword was layered. It was like the Russian nesting dolls.

For example, putting a layer of mind power on the flying sword.

It caused the flying sword to be attached with a layer of flying sword that could greatly injure the mental body. Then, not only could he use the mind power flying sword, but Xu Tui had also instantiated the original frequency of the mountain. He could try to instantiate a mountain flying sword.

The Mountain Formula had the appearance of a flying sword. It was worn on the outside, but in reality, it had the pressure of the Mountain Formula.

You thought it was a flying sword, but it was actually a small mountain!

The original quantum frequency of water that Xu Tui could basically sense could also be used like this. It could be equipped with a layer of Water Sword or the Frost Sword.

Xu Tui already had relevant abilities for the Frost Puppet from before. If he combined the Water Explosion Technique, he could still unleash an explosion!

At the thought of this, Xu Tui’s thoughts surged.

If Xu Tui instantiated the original quantum frequencies of fire, wood, gold, and lightning one by one, would he be able to put them all on and put on seven to eight layers?

That sword was equivalent to accepting Xu Tui’s full strength.

It was amazing just thinking about it.

However, there were also many difficult questions. For example, the speed of the Mountain Flying Sword would become very slow if it was put on at the beginning. The Frost Sword could be implemented, but it would not affect the speed of the flying sword much.

For a moment, all kinds of whimsical ideas began to stack in Xu Tui’s mind. Then, he used the mind power sand box to try it out.

As the mind power sand box continued to collapse, Xu Tui’s Dimensional Flying Sword slowly took shape.

For example, the mind power flying sword. He did not need to consume a large amount of mind power to condense a mind power flying sword. Instead, he just needed to attach a point to the flying sword.

There was also the Mountain Flying Sword. There was no need to stack it at the beginning. Instead, he would do it after he blasted it out and was about to reach the target.

As for the solution, he could actually embed a gram of Origin Crystal into the flying sword to solve the problem.

There were also many ways to use the Frost Sword.

Moreover, under the restriction of the flying sword, he could directly condense a mina power nymg swora to replace lt.

The method was very flexible.

Many times, when you try to think, you might have some unexpected inspiration.

While he was thinking about the initial form of the Dimensional Sword, Xu Tui suddenly thought of an ability that he had not used for a long time—Time Distortion.

This ability that Luo Shifeng valued because of his reaction speed was rarely used recently.

However, when he was thinking about the Dimensional Sword today, Xu Tui felt that although Time Distortion could only affect him, it was a perfect match for the Dimensional Sword.

Other than that, it also gave Xu Tui an inspiration.

The Time Distortion ability brought about by the genetic chain of reaction speed could only affect Xu Tui himself.

In that case, would this become a tool for Xu Tui to study the Time Dimension?

After all, if there was the addition of the Time Dimension, that would be the mid to high-level or even the ultimate form of Xu Tui’s Dimensional Sword..