Chapter 1027 - Chapter 1027: The Tunnel Is Paralyzed!

Chapter 1027: The Tunnel Is Paralyzed!

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After fusing with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, Tri Ling Ding’s size only increased by one size. It did not look like it had changed much. It looked like an octagonal body covered in mysterious patterns. “There are no changes?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“There is, there is, there is!”

Tri Ling Ding’s voice sounded. In the next moment, Tri Ling Ding began to change its appearance in front of Xu Tui like a Transformer. An antenna-like object quickly grew out from one side.

“That’s it? Then can you sense if you can find the auras of the two low-level colonies that I asked you to mark previously?” Xu Tui said in surprise.

“Boss, I lack energy.” Xu Tui glanced at Tri Ling Ding. “How much do you want?”

“Twenty grams will do.”

A minute later, Xu Tui sensed a powerful and unfamiliar power fluctuation on the antenna that grew out of Tri Ling Ding’s body. This was probably because Tri Ling Ding had begun to sense the location of his low-level colonies.

Xu Tui, who was waiting, suddenly had an idea.

Tri Ling Ding would definitely sense the unique life fluctuations of their Ling

Clan. Then, could the power fluctuations now be the life fluctuations of their Ling Clan? What if Xu Tui could instantiate the original quantum life frequency fluctuations of the Ling Clan?

Xu Tui did not know what use it had. However, he had nothing to do. He would try it out first. Comparatively, it was easier to sense the fluctuations of the original quantum life frequency. He wanted to see if he could sense and instantiate it.

However, the intense life exploration-type power fluctuation of Tri Ling Ding only lasted for 30 seconds before it ended.

The time was too short. Xu Tui did not sense its original quantum life frequency. “Can you sense the approximate location?”

“Not… yet?”

“That’s all?”

Xu Tui stared coldly at Tri Ling Ding. He did not need to communicate with Tri Ling Ding to know what he meant.

You’re too trashy, aren’t you?

Did Xu Tui need trash? There was no need!

Before Xu Tui could flare up, Tri Ling Ding quickly said, “I can still strengthen it. It’s not over yet. Give me some more time.”

Under Xu Tui’s gaze, the antenna that had just grown rapidly grew again. In just a few minutes, a thin antenna more than ten meters long appeared. There were countless thin threads that looked like a radar network in the middle. Then, the life fluctuation just now vibrated again.

Xu Tui continued to intervene and sense. Thirty seconds later, Tri Ling Ding stopped.

“You found it?” “N-no!”

“No?” Xu Tui’s voice suddenly turned cold. “Then tell me, what’s the point of me wanting you? I’ve already given you the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and the Origin Crystals, but you can’t even find a colony. If you’re not trash, who is?

“You are indeed very useful, but if you can’t help me at the critical point, what’s the point of having an iron lump like you? Are you here to waste my Origin Crystals?” Xu Tui’s voice was very cold. It was really cold. It was so cold that even Tri Ling Ding could tell.

At this moment, Tri Ling Ding was really a little afraid. He was afraid that Xu Tui would abandon him as trash.

“Boss, you saw it. I really tried my best just now. That antenna just now was already the limit of what I could expand. Although I didn’t find the exact whereabouts of the two low-level colonies that I marked, it’s not without results,” Tri Ling Ding said calmly.

“Results? What results?”

“Just now, when I expanded the antenna to the limit, my ability to sense the aura of the colony increased by at least 30 times! I did not sense the exact location of the two colonies, but the auras of the two colonies were much clearer than before.

“I felt that I was just a little short! I was just short of being able to sense the exact location of these two low-level colonies,” Tri Ling Ding said.

“How close is it?” Xu Tui asked.

“Perhaps I can sense the specific location after leaving the Manut asteroid and entering space?”

“What else?”

“Perhaps I will be able to sense it if it’s close to thousands or tens of thousands of kilometers in the direction of these two colonies, ” Tri Ling Ding said.

“Perhaps? How confident are you?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’m not sure, but I can confirm that the ability to sense the location of the colony has really increased by a lot. It’s really useful to fuse it with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body!” Tri Ling Ding said.

“Fusing with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body will not only allow you to expand your antenna and strengthen your sensory abilities, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course, I never deny this.” Tri Ling Ding realized something and did not deny it.

“Then I won’t raise too high a request. As long as you help me find the location of the two low-level colonies, this Mysterious Silver Glazed Body will be yours. It doesn’t matter what abilities you want to use to expand. However, if you can’t find it, don’t blame me for depriving you,” Xu Tui said. “But Boss, I can’t sense it without leaving the Manut asteroid.”

“That’s easy.”

Fifteen minutes later, Zhou Chuan arrived.

Currently, Zhou Chuan was a professional senior military consultant of the Worldly Special Force. In theory, he had to completely listen to Xu Tui, the regiment commander. Half an hour later, Zhou Chuan, who had received Xu Tui’s instructions, drove an Aerospace Combat Jet away from the Manut asteroid after making a request to the Huaxia Sector base.

On it was Tri Ling Ding, which had a strange antenna.

Next, Zhou Chuan would pilot the Aerospace Combat Jet around the Manut asteroid. He would continuously expand the surrounding distance and search for the location of the low-level colonies that An Xiaoxue and the others were carrying.

Xu Tui did this so that he would not waste time. He had to complete the mission arranged by Old Cai.

Not long after Zhou Chuan set off, Xu Tui immediately arranged a passage for him after contacting the Huaxia Sector base of the Manut asteroid.

Xu Tui did not dare to test the teleportation requirements of the quantum teleportation channel between Manut and Mars.

He did not dare to try.

His mental star core could reach the strength of the Planetary realm at most.

If he really passed the test according to the standards of his mental body, it would be equivalent to Xu Tui using up the opportunity to pass through the Planetary powerhouses in the quantum teleportation channel between the Manut asteroid and Mars.

It would be fine if the Spiritual Race did not attack in the next ten days.

If the Spiritual Race really attacked, Xu Tui would be a sinner.

Under normal circumstances, access rights would be reserved. Whether Mars or Manut was attacked, at least a Planetary realm powerhouse could quickly provide support.

For example, if the Manut asteroid was attacked, Erera could quickly rush from

Mars to Manut.

Erera’s strength could definitely affect the situation. When they were teleported through the quantum teleportation channel, the known locations of Mars, Manut Asteroid, and Moon were all randomly teleported to the target planet. @@novelbin@@

However, the Manut asteroid was relatively small, so it did not matter if it landed at random.

Xu Tui once again sensed a little abnormal fluctuations from the red fire slip when he passed through the quantum teleportation tunnel and arrived on Mars.

Xu Tui, who was very familiar with this, immediately locked onto the area near the Mars crater.

As expected, Xu Tui landed near the crater.

The red fire slip came from Mars, so could it affect the landing point of Mars?

A few minutes after he landed, Xu Tui received a call from Gai Sheng, the control officer of the Mars base. It had to be said that after Ah Huang fused with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, it developed the communication function formed by many components. It was not bad at all.

“You landed around the crater and can reach the base in about ten minutes?” Gai Sheng was a little surprised. “I even prepared a fighter jet to pick you up. I didn’t expect to be so lucky.”

“A little lucky.”

Two hours later, Xu Tui was sent to Phobos by the Aerospace Combat Jet that Gai Sheng had arranged.

Xu Tui had personally seen the problem with Phobos and the moon’s quantum teleportation channel. Due to their access rights, Mars and the Manut asteroid could be said to be unobstructed. Half the time, the quantum teleportation channel was still idle.

However, there were people queueing in front of the Phobos and the moon’s quantum teleportation channel.

There was a long queue in front of the quantum teleportation channel of Phobos.

It was mainly because the level of the quantum teleportation channel here was rather low. Even if a Genetic Evolution Realm expert was teleported over, the quantum teleportation channel would still need an hour of cooldown time.

The speed at which they teleported various resources and items was also relatively slow.

The latest queue was three days later.

The way through this place was too fragile.

Fortunately, with Cai Shaochu’s orders and the military’s greeting, Xu Tui was definitely the priority. The moment he arrived, he was cut in line, no, he should have been arranged to be first.

This was a privilege!

Of course, even without the intervention of the military, Xu Tui could cut the queue with his individual rights.

But it was still impossible to directly cut in first.

Still, Xu Tui was a little hesitant when he saw the long queue behind him. The second research mission that Old Cai had given him was to let Xu Tui have

mental body to see if he could pass through the Phobos’ quantum portal.

If he passed, everything would be fine. If he could not pass and affected the quantum portal, the comrades queuing behind would…

However, Xu Tui knew very well the importance of this research mission. Even if it caused the interior of the Phobos’ quantum portal to tremble and cause the portal to temporarily be paralyzed, it was necessary.

How could he improve without research?

Five minutes later, Xu Tui slowly stepped into the entrance of the quantum teleportation tunnel on Phobos. At the same time, the mental body that had dispersed into mist in his mind instantly gathered into a silver Mental Body Star Core.

It became a Planetary realm mental body star core.

In the next moment, Xu Tui stepped into the Quantum Teleportation channel.

The moment he stepped in, Xu Tui could sense with his mental perception that the power of the quantum teleportation channel fluctuated slightly. The power turned into a repulsive force and pushed Xu Tui out.

Xu Tui spread out his mental perception slightly. He felt the quantum teleportation channel of Phobos suddenly tremble. The power inside instantly became extremely chaotic. He was bounced out.

In the next moment, an alarm sounded.

A quantum storm suddenly appeared in the quantum teleportation channel.

The quantum teleportation channel… was paralyzed!