Chapter 1030 - Chapter 1030: Top Secret Information Of Painted Skin

Chapter 1030: Top Secret Information of Painted Skin

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It took five and a half days for the sudden quantum teleportation channel of Phobos to calm down.

Xu Tui had a fulfilling five and a half days.

Every day, he would either cultivate or use the mind power sand box to try to simulate the Dimensional Sword. At the same time, he would deduce the method to quickly advance from the Evolution Realm to the Transmutation Realm.

This deduction was more difficult.

The mind power sand box was almost empty. Xu Tui had to simulate a genetic ability chain in the mind power sand box if he wanted to change a genetic ability chain from a large ring chain to a dense cross-structure chain.

This simulation was extremely difficult and slow.

After all, he had to simulate it to the point of reality. Otherwise, this deduction would be meaningless.

However, it was extremely difficult to use the mind power sand box to simulate the genetic ability chain to the point of reality.

Xu Tui thought of all kinds of ways to simulate the genetic ability chain in the mind power sand box. It was only 70% realistic at most.

After all, humans had yet to completely understand the genetic ability chain. Every time humans on the Blue Star thought that they had understood the genetic ability chain, they would make new discoveries not long after.

70% reality was not bad.

Actually, it had given Xu Tui a 70% screening.

The method of entry and exit tested in the mind power sand box at this level basically eliminated most of the danger. But Xu Tui still needed to test the rest himself.

Even so, progress was still slow.

He could only simulate two to three methods a day.

The moment the quantum storm in Phobos’ quantum tunnel subsided, the Phobos base’s control officer, Chedamovich, contacted Xu Tui. After passing through a batch of goods and testing more than a dozen people at the Mutant Realm, Xu Tui’s pass sequence was still ranked first.

This was related to the mission he was assigned.

Cai Shaochu’s status and strength were obvious. He also had the endorsement of the Huaxia Sector. Therefore, his matter was extremely important.

When Xu Tui arrived at Phobos’ quantum teleportation channel, he was surprised to see that Ruan Tianzuo was also there.

Ruan Tianzuo had been looking at Xu Tui ever since he appeared. Xu Tui nodded slightly when he passed by him. Ruan Tianzuo’s expression instantly darkened. This was his last effort.

However, this was also Xu Tui’s most resolute rejection.

Not only did Xu Tui reject the astronomical price he offered, but he also rejected the Ruan family’s friendship.

Anger appeared.

Xu Tui ignored him and walked into the quantum teleportation channel of Phobos. In his mind, the Mental Body’s Star Core dissipated into a silver mist, maintaining its level at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Xu Tui was a little nervous.

If he was rejected by the quantum teleportation channel again and triggered a quantum storm, causing the quantum teleportation channel to be paralyzed, it would be very difficult for others to believe him.

The passers-by who had been queuing for several days at the back probably wanted to tear Xu Tui apart.

After waiting for the past few days, the queue had been lined up for more than ten days.

As the Blue Star Humans developed toward the asteroid belt and the Spiritual Race was defeated in the Battle of Mars, many people boldly predicted that during the Mars Energy Tide this year, the Spiritual Race would probably not send a large number of elites to Mars to participate in the battle.

The humans of the Blue Star had gained a lot this year. The number of participants in the outer space began to increase exponentially. The strength of Mars and various military facilities also increased explosively.

Sending more elites was no different from sending resources.

If no one from the Spiritual Race came during the Mars Energy Tide this year, did that mean that Mars would have a more stable environment in the future? Didn’t that mean that the development of Mars was about to begin?

Some organizations and business consortia had already begun to plan for Mars.

This was also the reason why there were so many people here.

Xu Tui stepped into the quantum teleportation channel of Phobos with a hint of nervousness. He relaxed the moment he was enveloped by the familiar quantum fluctuation. No repulsive force appeared.

He was fine.

Old Cai’s experiment goal had been achieved!

The restrictions of the quantum teleportation channel were mainly targeted at the power of the Star Core, not the energy fluctuations. This also explained why a large number of Origin Crystals could pass through the quantum teleportation channel at will, but not Transmutation Realm experts.

The core of the mental body.

The teleportation of the quantum teleportation channel was related to this key point.

This teleportation allowed Xu Tui to have a new understanding of the quantum array core. This was also the result of Xu Tui’s resonance with the quantum array core over the past few days.

It was almost done.

This was a loophole that could be exploited by the quantum teleportation channel.

Currently, Xu Tui was the only person who could gather the core of his mental body and disperse it. Old Cai had tried many times, but he could not. Once it was forcefully dispersed, it would be no different from dissipating one’s cultivation.

Old Cai’s analysis was that the dispersion and condensation of the core of the mental body should have been completed before the core fused with the main genetic ability chain.

A pure mental body star core could be dispersed and condensed after practice. This was determined by the characteristics of the mental body.

However, it was different once the mental body star core fused into the main genetic ability chain. Its characteristics had completely changed.

In the future, Old Cai would have another research mission.

After returning to the moon, Xu Tui first reported his work to Lieutenant General Wei Bin. Then, he began to take over the relocation of the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute.

At night, Xu Tui immediately made a video call to his parents on the Moon.

The signal delay on Mars and Manut was too great.

The video call lasted for more than two hours. He said a lot, but Xu Tui did not seem to say anything after he hung up.

The only thing he remembered was his mother’s instructions. They were doing very well on the Blue Star now. Don’t worry about them. Be careful when you’re outside. Eat your fill and wear warm clothes.

Taking advantage of the fact that he was on the Moon, he contacted his friends on the Blue Star. The news that Xu Tui could contact instantly spread.

“Brother, wait for me. I’ll definitely go to the moon at the beginning of next year. Remember to bring me then…’

This was Chai Xiao.

“How have you been recently?” Xu Tui called Cheng Mo.

“It’s alright. I’ve already been selected for the extra-terrestrial research at the end of this year. I’ll definitely give you a huge surprise when I see you!” Cheng MO smiled. “Are you at the Genetic Mutation Realm?”

“It’s been months.”

“And that is?”

“I’m no longer single. Not only am I no longer single, but I also have a girlfriend who can help me solve my problems. I don’t need five girls in the future!”

“F*ck! Is there any justice?” Xu Tui laughed.

“Scram! You’re jealous! I can guarantee that you’re definitely still a virgin! And

I’ve already been a wolf four times a night!”

“I do it once a night. Do you believe me?”

“You only did it once a night. You’re too f*cking weak. I did it four times a night. It’s four times yours!”

“It’s different. I’ll do it for one night, and you’ll do it four times a night. Who do you think is stronger?

Cheng MO was speechless.

“Get lost. You’re a virgin, yet you’re telling me you can do it for one night? Don’t think that I don’t know where Miss An is. Miss An has gone to explore the wasteland, but she hasn’t returned yet. Who did you look for?” After saying that, Cheng MO suddenly howled like a wolf. “Alright, I understand. You have a new lover. I’ve discovered it! Three meals. I have to eat three meals to keep this secret!”

‘Eat my ass!” Xu Tui scolded angrily. ‘Mozi, I haven’t contacted Da Ting in a long time. I didn’t get through to him just now. Have you seen him?” “Da Ting? He’s already gone to the Moon or Mars. Don’t you know?” “When did this happen?”

“A month ago. The students from the various military Genetic Evolution Colleges in the Huaxia Sector, those above the second year, all entered the extra-terrestrial in advance to undergo actual combat training,” Cheng MO said.

Actually, this matter was also related to Xu Tui.

The production line that Xu Tui had obtained from the resource planet last time had increased its processing ability. Only then did the Huaxia Sector start to mass-explode intergalactic warriors in the extra- terrestrial.

Students from the Military Genetic Evolution College who had undergone two years of training were naturally the best intergalactic warriors.

After chatting with Cheng MO, Xu Tui was about to cultivate before bed when he received a video call.

It belonged to Gong Ling.

“Little Tui, you returned to the moon from Mars?”

The students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College knew much more about extra-terrestrial matters than ordinary people.

“Yes, I just returned today.”

“You didn’t contact me. Cheng MO said that you called him.” In the video, Gong

Ling pouted slightly. She looked cute.

Cheng MO, that damn fatty!

Xu Tui had thought of Gong Ling previously, but he did not know what to say.

The extra-terrestrial was really cruel. Although the casualties of the Worldly Special Force were very low, the death rate of the other special forces, such as Haotian and the Taiyi Special Force, was about 10%.

This meant that half of the members would have to change after four to five battles.

“What about you? Did you break through to the Genetic Mutation Realm?” Xu Tui began to chat awkwardly.

“I was about to tell you. Not only have I broken through to the Genetic Mutation Realm, but I’ve also been selected for the extra-terrestrial research this year. Wait for me in the extra-terrestrial.”

“Okay!”

In just a few sentences, Xu Tui had killed the conversation. Even if Gong Ling forcefully extended the chat life, it could not do anything. So they hung up.

Sometimes, there was a huge gap in strength.

Xu Tui thought about it and shouted, “Ah Huang, send a package for me.”

“To where?”

“Blue Star.”

“Alright.”

Xu Tui sent 100 grams of Origin Crystals to Cheng MO and Gong Ling each. He also sent three bottles of Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir to each of them.

These things were insignificant to Xu Tui now. However, to Cheng MO and Gong Ling, they could greatly increase their strength. It would be easier for them to survive on the moon in the future.

As for Chai Xiao, there was no need. He was a rich second-generation heir.

“If there’s any call later, help me hang up, ” Xu Tui instructed Ah Huang.

“Alright, but there’s something I think you should know,” Ah Huang suddenly said.

“What is it?” @@novelbin@@

Ah Huang, who had transformed into a wristwatch, suddenly removed itself from Xu Tui’s wrist. It instantly became a beautiful cartoon girl. She skipped in front of Xu Tui and projected a piece of data for him.

“Top-secret information about Painted Skin!”

Xu Tui, who was staring at Ah Huang, the cute and stupid little thing, instantly sat up straight..