Chapter 1039 - Chapter 1039: Transforming Into A Ball Again (3)

Chapter 1039: Transforming into a Ball Again (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As long as he did not die, as long as Lavis’ mind power did not greatly exceed Xu Tui’s, he could take back the body that Xu Tui had given him whenever he wanted.

As for the fact that Lavis’ mind power might exceed Xu Tui’s, it was easy. He felt that he was about to surpass it. He just had to hammer it a few times. @@novelbin@@

“Lavis, if, I mean if I can give you a Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, how much loyalty would you have to me?”

Lavis, who was still in the alloy block, was stunned. However, he only froze for a moment before he cried out, “Honorable Commander Xu Tui, as long as you give me a Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, my loyalty to you is 1,000%!” “Hah!” Xu Tui sneered.

He would believe it if Lavis answered that he was 70 points loyal to Xu Tui and 80 points.

1,000%. Who could he lie to? He would definitely have other thoughts. However, this was human nature. Otherwise, there would not be a legend to not have one’s heart in something.

“Let’s make an allegiance,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“What is allegiance?” Lavis was puzzled.

“I want you to betray the Great Xi Clan more thoroughly so that I can trust you more,” Xu Tui said.

“Lord Xu Tui, was my previous performance not…”

Xu Tui sneered.

A minute later, Lavis said with extreme difficulty, “Does the initial location of our Great Xi Clan’s advance team in the asteroid belt count?”

“Your executive, Günter, shouldn’t be stupid, right?”

“Uh… What about the emergency retreat location?”

“Do you really think that the executive officer of the Great Xi Clan is an idiot? Why hasn’t the emergency retreat location been changed after so long?” Xu Tui was expressionless.

“Sir, I really don’t know what can be used as a pledge of allegiance. According to what you said, Executive Officer Günter has changed everything he can because of my betrayal. Then what I know is basically worthless.” Lavis became anxious.

“Think about that yourself.”

“Sir, actually, the planets where a few emergencv bases are can’t be changed.

These planets were chosen as the locations of emergency bases because the energy in their cores is more active and their life force is stronger.”

The life force of a planet was another term that Xu Tui had heard. It was not a new term, but it naturally had a different flavor when it came from the Great Xi Clan.

Xu Tui took advantage of the opportunity to exploit Lavis. He only took out the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body when he felt that he was almost done. Just as he placed it in front of Lavis, a ball of blue light suddenly flew out of the tattered alloy block that had been around him and entered the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body with a whoosh.

In an instant, Lavis’ aura began to soar rapidly. Without any energy, he had instantly recovered from the Evolution Realm to the Transmutation Realm. At the same time, the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body began to expand and change rapidly. In an instant, it turned into the appearance of a tall Great Xi Clan. It just looked a little illusory.

Lavis, who had recovered to his human form, waved his hand and swallowed the tattered alloy piece from before, stabilizing his body a little.

“Sir, I need some high-quality alloy to stabilize my body. 100 kilograms, at least 100 kilograms. 500 kilograms of high-quality alloy is the best. Give it to me quickly,” Lavis, whose body was weak, said anxiously.

“Give it to you?” Xu Tui sneered. “I only took it out. I didn’t allow you to enter, did I? You’re so bold. Why would you be obedient in the future?”

Lavis, who had recovered a portion of his cultivation, was stunned. His expression became a little uncertain.

“Why? Do you have any thoughts?”

“No, no!” Lavis quickly denied.

“Get out here!”

Xu Tui’s expression darkened. He activated his mind power and detonated the Mental Explosion Formula that he had planted.

In the next moment, Lavis screamed. A ball of blue light fell out of the newly formed human figure. The human figure just now instantly turned into a ball.

A ball..