Chapter 1031 - Chapter 1031: Taking The Initiative

Chapter 1031: Taking the Initiative

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Luo Shifeng’s death could be said to be an eternal pain in Xu Tui’s heart.

Painted Skin was a thorn in Xu Tui’s heart.

He would not be happy if he did not get rid of it!

However, after tracking down the Purifier Officer of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, the clues were cut off.

Painted Skin was not unique to Dawn Salvation. According to the clues from the Special Intelligence Division, Painted Skin was a code name. It was a code name that had the genetic ability to change one’s appearance.

It seemed like a lot. And the clues were cut off.

Xu Tui’s original plan was to deal with the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization when he was strong enough. This was the only way for Xu Tui.

However, at this moment, Ah Huang suddenly said that it had found a clue about the Painted Skin. It really stunned Xu Tui.

Ignoring Ah Huang’s appearance, which made people not dare to look at it for long, Ah Huang displayed a piece of information to Xu Tui. There were a total of three Painted Skin on the Blue Star.

Two women and a man!

In the intelligence, there were no records of the men. Of the two women, one belonged to Dawn Salvation, while the other belonged to The Myth.

Basically, this information was useless.

Previously, Tian Suqing and Xu Tui had done research in this area. The ownership of the Painted Skin was most likely to belong to Dawn Salvation. Yet, they could not rule out The Myth or even other alliances. @@novelbin@@

A professional spy like Painted Skin was extremely valuable. It was usually the top secret of these organizations and could not be easily investigated. This was also the reason why Xu Tui had planned to deal with the Dawn Salvation when he was stronger.

However, he saw this information at this moment.

This information was not valuable in itself. What was valuable was the source of the information.

“Where did you get this data?”

“I discovered it from a small document in an independent database of a company. I set up a keyword search,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui was stunned.

“You hacked into the independent database of a commercial company? How did you do that? Under normal circumstances, it’s extremely difficult to hack into an independent database, right?”

“Aren’t I trying out my new ability? The data centers of the various alliances on the moon are heavily guarded. If I move, I might trigger an alarm. So I found a commercial company to test it out,” Ah Huang said.

This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to be stunned. How could he not know that Ah Huang had a new ability?

“It’s a simulation. Basically, most technological things, be it chips, various controllers, or electronic components, can be simulated with my new body. It’s a 100% simulation with a 1:1 ratio.

“I can even simulate their hardware. It’s too easy to enter their independent data center. Also, I can guarantee that I’ll hack into the data centers of the various genetic committees on the moon instantly if you can bring me into their data center,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui was speechless.

The commercial company that Ah Huang was talking about was a commercial company that dealt with extra-terrestrial garbage disposal and recycling, as well as the supply of Blue Star resources.

It mainly dealt with trash and supplied normal resources to the American Sector, the European Sector, and the India Sector, including but not limited to food, wine, tobacco, and so on. Its business coverage was very wide. It was called the Guangying Group. It started out as a technological hardware company.

Currently, it is also a relatively powerful Blue Star commercial company. It could be ranked at least in the top 100 of the Blue Star. It was already developing a Mars business.

The source of Ah Huang’s information was that a communication device sealed in the independent server of the Guangying Group had automatically recorded it and uploaded it to the independent server. It had been saved.

It had been retrieved by Ah Huang previously.

This voice had not been processed. It was the original voice.

Although there was no source, with the help of Ah Huang’s powerful computing ability, he directly compared it with big data.

He locked onto the source.

The former vice-chairman of the Guangying Group, Laugman, was already dead. 1–1e had died a year ago. When he died, he was in charge of the Moon operations of the Guangying Group. The cause of his death was sudden death.

Xu Tui’s first feeling was that there was a problem with Laugman’s death.

Ever since the Great Genetic Age, medical technology has developed rapidly. Sudden deaths happened from time to time, but they usually did not happen to top-notch elites like Laugman.

Such a top-notch elite would undergo regular physical examinations and have emergency medicine beside him. He even had a personal doctor and assistant.

It was a little difficult to suddenly die and not get up.

“Investigate the relevant people.”

“After Laugman’s sudden death, the person who handled the matters behind him was the CEO of the Guangying Group, Capini. He was also the one who took over the Moon operations of the Guangying Group.”

“What’s the date of Laugman’s sudden death?” Xu Tui suddenly realized a problem.

“It was two days after you captured the Purifier Officer from Dawn,” Ah Huang added.

Xu Tui’s mind began to work at high speed. It seemed that Xu Tui had underestimated the influence of capturing the Dawn Salvation’s Purifier

Officer. Perhaps they did not get much useful information from the captive Purifier Officer. They only got some information about Lu Guanqing. However, in reality, the capture of this Purifier Officer should have caused a huge earthquake in Dawn Salvation.

The Purifier Officer was already a high-level personnel in the Dawn Salvation.

Regardless of whether the Purifier Officer had revealed anything, Dawn Salvation would definitely eliminate the hidden dangers first.

Could they bet that the Purifier Officer would not confess?

No one dared to bet!

This was especially so for some of the senior personnel who had met with the captured Purifier Officer, especially those who had appeared in public. They should be within the scope of being dealt with.

Based on this analysis, Laugman should have died suddenly.

It was because of the Purifier Officer incident.

In that case, there was definitely a problem with the current president of Guangying Group, Capini.

“Can you find out anything about Capini?”

“No problem.”

A minute later, Ah Huang sent all the relevant information about the Capini to Xu Tui. It even displayed the current location of the Capini.

In a luxuriously decorated private swimming pool on the moon, four hot girls with voluptuous bodies played with him. Most importantly, these four hot girls had four skin colors and four hair colors.

He could only say that this fellow really knew how to play. The atmosphere on the moon had already reached this level?

“This is a surveillance camera for a private residence. How did you get it?” Xu

Tui was stunned.

“It’s too easy to simulate their hardware characteristics and make them think that they are the same kind! As for the other safety measures, it’s too easy to bypass it with my current computing power.

“Other than the fact that the core data centers of the few sectors are a little difficult, I instantly broke through the rest.” Ah Huang was a little smug.

Xu Tui was surprised, but he also understood.

Actually, this was what he should do. Only Xu Tui knew how much he had piled on Ah Huang in the past year or two.

Putting everything else aside, he had given Ah Huang the dozens of next-generation quantum chips he had obtained from the resource planet, as well as the next-generation main chip from the first main base.

Half of those chips could build the framework of a super quantum computer.

So there’s no need to mention Ah Huang, who had fused with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and had become a lifeform.

However, Xu Tui felt that Ah Huang’s evolution direction was strange.

Simulation?

Previously, it could change any gender it wanted, but now…

“Xu Tui, what I need to remind you is that this Capini has a deep background. To be able to obtain the lucrative business of extra-terrestrial trash disposal, it has the support of several Planetary powerhouses,” Ah Huang reminded. “You mean I have to be as careful as possible?”

“That’s roughly what it means. I’ve just been a human for a few days. I don’t want to die young because of you.”

“Dying young? Heh!”

Xu Tui carefully contacted Tian Suqing. Since he had an official background, it was better for him to have official support.

Tian Suqing’s opinion was very simple. She could support Xu Tui, but she needed solid evidence.

Without solid evidence, she could not deal with Capini directly. In itself, Capini was not under her jurisdiction. Her safest suggestion was to let Xu Tui plot slowly and wait for an opportunity.

This was especially so for the private residential area of the Blue Star Genetic Committee base. That area was actually the top-notch tycoon area and was very sensitive.

Therefore, Xu Tui had to rely on himself in the end.

Tian Suqing’s opinion was very pertinent. However, Xu Tui’s thoughts were very simple. He could not let them off.

What if this guy suddenly died again?

Xu Tui stopped chasing after the clues of Painted Skin. Moreover, based on the Purifier Officer incident last time, the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization was extremely sensitive internally. Once there was anything wrong, they would immediately start the cleaning.

This was also the fundamental reason why the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization could survive until now.

It was very simple for Xu Tui to enter the private residential area of the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s Moon base.

Especially with Ah Huang’s cooperation, all the electronic security facilities here had become decorations.

Actually, most people on the Blue Star trusted electronic security facilities.

The dense electronic security facilities were more trustworthy than humans.

However, when these electronic security facilities met Ah Huang, it was as if they had met their ancestors.

Xu Tui was like a normal pedestrian as he walked into the pool where Capini was at. As a result, its six bodyguards did not move when Xu Tui walked in.

The two Transmutation Realm and four Evolution Realm bodyguards stared intently at Xu Tui as he walked in. There was no movement.

Capini, who was fighting in the pool, suddenly saw Xu Tui walking straight in.

He became anxious.

“Hey, who are you? Stop him!” Capini roared.

However, it was useless. His bodyguards seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep. There was no movement. Even the woman on the water bed under him suddenly seemed to have fallen asleep and stopped moving.

They were hypnotized.

They had all been hypnotized by Xu Tui.

Capini became anxious and pressed the alarm on his chest. However, no alarm sounded as scheduled. The entire private residence was silent.

At this moment, Capini looked as if he had seen a ghost. Had he fallen into a f*cking nightmare?

“I’ll ask and you’ll answer! Do you understand?”

When Xu Tui gently tapped his forehead with his finger, he was instantly hypnotized. However, this time, Xu Tui was not in a hurry to ask. Instead, he put a shielding helmet on Capini.

He had learned his lesson.

Xu Tui would not make the same mistake again..