Chapter 1038 - Chapter 1038: Transforming Into A Ball Again (2)

Chapter 1038: Transforming into a Ball Again (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The slim-fitting white shirt highlighted the woman’s ability to dress to the lowest. It was clearly an airport-style figure that was close to being a chopping board. However, she was wearing a slim-fit white shirt that directly displayed the flatness of the airport.

This style.

However, the aura of a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse that she emitted also made Xu Tui tremble.

“Let me introduce you. Bu Qingqiu is a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse and one of the promoters of the School of General Senses. She is the dean of the School of General Senses of the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College. This time, she will set off with you.”

Bu Qingqiu.

This name stunned Xu Tui. He was too familiar with this name. There were a large number of Bu Qingqiu’s cultivation notes in the cultivation notebook that Qu Qingshan had given him.

Xu Tui had learned the Water Explosion Technique that he used to injure others from Bu Qingqiu.

Bu Qingqiu was also Qu Qingshan’s teacher.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, and the other three Transmutation Realm experts left together and headed to meet up with the Worldly Special Force.

Just as Xu Tui had said previously, due to the complicated situation in the asteroid belt, both the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race had a small number of Planetary experts active. Many quasi-planetary experts had even appeared.

In that case, it would be a gamble if the exploration team brought a few Transmutation Realm experts to explore. If one was unlucky and encountered a planetary realm, they would be completely wiped out.

Last time, Xu Tui was able to chase after a planetary powerhouse with a three-phase thermal bomb because of the special situation and terrain. If it were anyone else, they would have died without a burial place.

A planetary powerhouse only needed to launch a long-range attack or fly a kite to destroy his opponent. Therefore, in order to avoid major losses, the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization decided to send more forces to the Manut asteroid after careful discussion.

The increase in the forces sent over was mainly to strengthen the special forces and battle teams that were participating in the development.

In principle, a special force was equipped with one quasi-planet and three Transmutation Realm experts.

At the same time, the various special forces were allowed to enhance their participation in the battle to the extent allowed.

Some families with deep foundations had already sent quasi-planetary experts into the special forces. It was said that the Ruan family and the Jian family had already sent a quasi-planetary expert to the Haotian Special Force.

Bu Qingqiu was the candidate that Cai Shaochu had chosen for the Worldly Special Force.

Of course, the main reason why Bu Qingqiu, a quasi-planet, was willing to participate in the battle with the Worldly Special Force was because of Qu Qingshan.

There were extremely few people in the School of General Senses.

Old Qu was Bu Qingqiu’s student, and he was one of the few students who had achieved some success.

A few years ago, Qu Qingshan had been staying in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Other than having the intention of training himself, he was mainly nurturing talents for the School of General Senses.

This was probably the reason why Bu Qingqiu stood up.

On the way back with Bu Qingqiu, Xu Tui felt a little nervous. He had brought another teacher’s teacher?

How should he calculate it? He could not calculate it. Her characteristics were that of a male teacher.

With a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse accompanying them and the three-phase thermal bomb, they would be able to retaliate even if they encountered a planetary realm powerhouse.

The accompanying of Bu Qingqiu and the other three Transmutation Realm experts made the members of the Worldly Special Force very happy.

Who did not want their team to be stronger?

On December 18th, the Worldly Special Force set off on eight Aerospace Combat Jets and an aerospace supply ship.

On December 22nd, Tri Ling Ding, who had agreed to meet up with Zhou Chuan at the designated location, returned to Xu Tui’s hands.

“Boss, I can sense the two colonies that you asked me to mark. However, they appear and disappear at times. It might be because they are relatively far from us. However, I can already confirm the general direction.” Tri Ling Ding could not wait to show off when he saw Xu Tui.

“I’ll leave that direction to you. If you can successfully find the target, I’ll reward you with 500 grams of Origin Crystals and a third of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.” Xu Tui offered a reward.

Tri Ling Ding became excited when he heard the rewards.

The antenna on his head kept swaying. He could not wait to find An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan and obtain the reward Xu Tui had promised him. It did not care about Origin Crystals. The key was that one-third of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body was precious. @@novelbin@@

The fleet sailed in the vast universe, other than occasionally adjusting its direction and avoiding the small meteorite celestial bodies.

In Tri Ling Ding’s senses, An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan were getting clearer and clearer with the two Ling Clan colonies.

Xu Tui had wanted to ask Bu Qingqiu about the insights of the School of General Senses, but the two of them were not on the same fighter jet.

As the strongest person, Bu Qiuqing guarded the sky supply ship that had the most resources.

Xu Tui began to do something else.

Resurrect LaviS’.

He could not waste the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

After considering it for a long time and discussing it with Cai Shaochu, he felt that it was more cost-effective to give it to Lavis. Whether it was Ah Huang or Tri Ling Ding, especially Tri Ling Ding, they could not give too many

Mysterious Silver Glazed Bodies.

Ah Huang did not need much in the short term.

Lavis was a better target.

In the last battle on Fuqiang, Lavis’ actions had basically died socially in the Great Xi Clan. The reputation of a traitor was confirmed.

There was a possibility of going back, but not much.

Of course, this was only one of the factors. The most important factor was that Xu Tui could first brand the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body with his mind

power aura..