Chapter 1034 - Chapter 1034: Harvest And Happiness (3)

Chapter 1034: Harvest and Happiness (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Ah Huang, is it difficult for you? If you directly transform into the form of a dog, you will definitely run extremely quickly!”

Ah Huang, who was running wildly, glared at Xu Tui. “If you mention it again, I’ll get angry at you! I, Ah Huang, will never be a dog in the future!” Xu Tui was speechless.

The definition given to you by the founder was a dog, okay?

Ah Huang gritted her teeth and changed her form as she ran. A pair of small wings appeared on Ah Huang’s back and began to flash clumsily. Xu Tui grinned when he saw this.

Ah Huang went all out in order not to become a dog. In the next moment, Ah

Huang suddenly let out a scream and flew up like a cloud. It was guided by Xu Tui’s mind power. She fell into Xu Tui’s arms in a flurry and landed heavily on Xu Tui’s body.

Xu Tui’s expression instantly became extremely strange. “You are indeed an advanced artificial intelligence!” Xu Tui left the private residence at full speed as he spoke.

“Why do you say that? Aren’t I a human now?” Ah Huang looked stunned.

Xu Tui touched his chest, which was hurting from the impact. His face was in pain. “F*ck, which human girl’s chest is harder than a rock?” “Uh…” Ah Huang froze. “This… should be soft? I’ve never touched it.” Xu Tui was speechless.

In the next moment, Ah Huang threw the backpack in its hand to Xu Tui. Its body moved and turned into a large watch that wrapped around Xu Tui’s wrist.

“This was found in the safe. There are nearly 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

It’s also an income. I’ll keep it for cultivation.”

Xu Tui, who wanted to joke around with Ah Huang, was stunned when he heard Ah Huang’s words. He silently swallowed his next words.

After going through thick and thin together until now, he would not make fun of Ah Huang today. Back then, he was as poor as anything..

A year and a half ago, in order to obtain some Energy Potions, Xu Tui had even gone to Sea Paradise with Ah Huang to place a bet. He could not even bear to add a chip.

There were many security guards in the security area of the private residence. In just this short period of time, more than a dozen Transmutation Realm experts had chased after them.

However, Xu Tui was not afraid at all. He would casually swung his mental hammer at the guy who was close to him.

Although he did not kill him, it was easy to kill him after he fainted. If anyone wants to die, feel free to chase after them.

In less than a minute, Xu Tui left the private residential area without any mishaps.

Xu Tui let out a cold grunt when he sensed that the auras of a few quasi-planetary powerhouses were still on his body. He pulled out his Mental Vibrating Whip and immediately retreated. He quickly rushed to the receiving location.

This was the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s general base after all. It was different from the various sectoral general bases. The main controller was the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont.

Although he was usually a puppet, that was only when he was facing the six hooligans. Other times, it was not the case.

He had to be careful.

Just as Xu Tui thought that he had safely retreated, a flame suddenly descended from the sky. The aura of a powerful quasi-planetary powerhouse instantly locked onto Xu Tui.

“How dare you barge into a private residence and kill someone? Stop right

It was also at this moment that two more quasi-planetary experts instantly arrived. They surrounded Xu Tui from both sides.

Three quasi-planetary experts!

Xu Tui was stunned.

This was definitely not a quasi-planetary powerhouse in the private residence area. The quasi-planetary realm powerhouses in the private residence area only peeped but did not follow. From the looks of it, these three people were definitely here to stop him.

The quasi-planetary expert who had rushed over sneered and sent a message. “We’ve successfully surrounded one of the targets. Should we kill or capture him?” @@novelbin@@

In the 101st gangplank base, Aurora, who had received this message, finally heaved a sigh of relief.

It was a blessing in disguise.

Just now, the brainwave auxiliary control chip had been detonated. Now that they had successfully surrounded the perpetrator, the impact of this matter could be minimized.

Soon, Aurora gave a reply. “If you can capture him, capture him. If you can’t, kill him. Remember to bring his belongings back.”

The leader of the quasi-planets, who had received the news, gave the battle order with a cold expression. However, in the next moment, his expression suddenly became extremely stunned..