Chapter 1033 - Chapter 1033: Harvest And Happiness (2)

Chapter 1033: Harvest and Happiness (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Use the highest authority to activate the Eye of God in Capini’s private residence,” Aurora ordered.

“Alright, Sir. The Eye of God in Capini’s private residence has been activated.

I’m about to show you the relevant images.”

In Capini’s private residence, an electronic signal suddenly fluctuated on a slowly spinning landscape windmill.

Ah Huang, which was more than a meter tall, was curiously patrolling the mansion. Suddenly, its gaze shifted in the direction of the windmill. @@novelbin@@

“Xu Tui, an independent electronic signal has been detected on that windmill. It might be a reconnaissance facility. You can deal with it. I can’t,” Ah Huang said.

“Windmill? The core location of the electronic signal.”

The next second, when Ah Huang marked the location for Xu Tui, Xu Tui only turned his body slightly and looked in the direction of the windmill. In an instant, the earth spike shot out into the air. The windmill shattered, and the electronic components inside instantly shattered.

Aurora, who had just seen a little of the scene, suddenly saw the screen turned black. There was nothing left.

“What is this?”

In the image transmitted by their so-called Eye of God, a fierce and cute little girl who was only about 1.4 meters tall surprised Aurora. This was especially so for the clothes worn by the fierce and cute little girl. They had a faint metallic texture.

There was also Capini, who had his helmet over his head, as well as Xu Tui’s back and side profile.

“Something did happen. However, which side wants to deal with Capini? To be able to silently control Capini’s security and hack into the warning system, then…

Immediately, Aurora contacted the security center of Capini’s private residence anonymously. Someone had entered the house and committed murder. He asked them to sound the alarm.

The private residential areas on the moon belong to either the rich or the noble. The safety measures were extremely strong. However, it was impossible to save Capini with these security measures. At most, they would scare the enemy away.

After some thought, Aurora contacted a few more people. In the end, Aurora contacted the extra-terrestrial command center.

“Continue to activate Capini’s brainwave auxiliary control chip. Repeat until it is activated,” Aurora ordered.

At this point, Capini had to die. But who was dealing with Capini? That back view and a little side profile had no reference value. However, the fierce and cute girl who was only 1.4 meters tall had very obvious characteristics.

In this day and age, a height of 1.4 meters was very rare. It should be easy to find.

Xu Tui had a depressed expression when the alarm in the private residence area sounded. Actually, Xu Tui knew that he did not have the time when Ah Huang discovered the independent electronic signal.

“Ah Huang, retreat! Your contact information with Aurora? Your contact information with Dawn Salvation? Other strongholds of Dawn Salvation.”

Xu Tui carried Capini and asked as he walked out. The alarm was raised. The situation had entered an uncontrollable range. Most importantly, Xu Tui did not obtain any evidence.

Xu Tui had obtained the information through his observation of Capini’s subconscious image through his spiritual radiation.

There was no direct evidence. In that case, it was impossible for Tian Suqing to interfere. If she forcefully interfered, it would only bring trouble to Tian Suqing.

The last 30 seconds!

Xu Tui kept repeating himself. He carefully stared at the subconscious images that flashed through Capini’s mind. Xu Tui forcefully memorized every person that flashed in every image.

It might be useful. In the last ten seconds, layers of communication suddenly flashed in Capini’s subconscious image.

Xu Tui was delighted. Was this a secret contact number?

Six Transmutation Realm security guards had already barged in at the entrance of the residence. This security lineup was really f*cking luxurious.

A pioneer group that risked their lives to develop the asteroid belt with three to four Transmutation Realm experts was considered luxurious. However, on the Moon, six Transmutation Realm experts came from a security team in a private residential area.

It was really… ironic…

The mental hammers that were already on standby suddenly blasted out. The two Transmutation Realm experts who were the fastest spat out blood and fell to the ground.

The other four were shocked and retreated in a defensive manner.

There was no time!

Xu Tui felt very regretful.

He should be able to dig out a lot of valuable information from Capini. Unfortunately, more and more security personnel were gathering. The private security guards of the other private residences also began to probe in this direction. Xu Tui could even sense the aura of a quasi-planetary.

He could not delay any longer.

Without evidence, he could not take Capini away.

Xu Tui was considering whether or not he should kill Capini after he removed his mind power-shielded helmet. Or should he leave Capini alive and see if there was a chance to interrogate him again?

Before Xu Tui could consider it, Capini’s head exploded the moment he removed his mind power shield helmet. It exploded like a ripe watermelon.

The Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization was really decisive.

They gave up a higher-up like Capini just like that. From the looks of it, the Guangying Group was most likely one of the sources of funding for the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

“Ah Huang, have you got the information? Let’s go. Let’s retreat.”

“Give me a hand.” In the distance, Ah Huang, the fierce and cute girl, ran over with a bag on her short legs. However, her legs were short. It looked like she was running crazily, but it was actually very slow. Also, she had imitated the great waves caused by Gong Ling. It had become a burden when she ran..