Chapter 1036 - Chapter 1036: The Tall And Short Duo And Two Antennas (2)

Chapter 1036: The Tall and Short Duo and Two Antennas (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Director Tian, do you mean that if we continue to follow this clue, it will be very difficult to gain anything even if we catch up to the core personnel?”

“Something like that! They’re extremely cautious, and their reactions are extremely fast and ruthless.”

“Then what do you mean, Director Tian?”

“If the investigation doesn’t work, we’ll change the direction and method.” “Change directions? Change methods?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“No matter how tightly organized and fast the reaction of the Blue Star Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization is, it is still a rather large organization.

“If any organization wants to survive in the extra-terrestrial universe, they can’t do without the support of all kinds of resources. They will definitely have contact with the outside world. It’s just that most people don’t know about it.”

Tian Suqing had already put it that way. Xu Tui would be a fool if he did not understand.

“Director Tian, you want me to take the initiative to come into contact with Dawn Salvation? Or even become a spy?”

“I wouldn’t dare to use you as a spy even if I had ten guts. Principal Cai will definitely whip me to death!” Tian Suqing smiled and shook her head. “According to the intelligence, after the Blue Star Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization obtained a large number of resources from the various sectors after the Mars defense battle, the development direction of Dawn Salvation has already focused on the asteroid belt. It seems like they want to operate it independently.”

“Director Tian, what do you mean?”

“As long as the Blue Star’s Dawn Salvation exists, you will have a chance to come into contact with them. It will be much easier to come into contact with them and even cooperate than to track them down…”

It had to be said that the path that Tian Suqing had pointed out to Xu Tui was much easier than investigating.

However, Xu Tui needed to wait for an opportunity.

In the 101st gangplank base of Dawn Salvation, Aurora, who had received Damons’s message, was a little exasperated.

“Are you f*cking playing with me? He was already blocked by the three of you @@novelbin@@

quasi-planets, but you didn’t even exchange blows. You didn’t even sense the target’s aura and let him go?” Aurora was very angry.

Something had happened to Capini, causing him to panic. The aftermath had not been completed yet. What was worse was that the Guangying Group might also be affected because of this. There would be unknown trouble in the future.

However, he had to deal with it in advance.

Aurora could already foresee that he would be overwrought in the future. However, the problem was that the perpetrator managed to escape even after he was blocked. So far, they had not even figured out who the perpetrator was.

Not to mention figuring out how much sensitive information Capini had leaked.

Under such circumstances, any possibility had to be dealt with in advance.

Capini was involved in too many things. This made Aurora extremely frustrated and angry.

“He disappeared in an instant? The aura of a Planetary powerhouse? Are you saying that the perpetrator is a Planetary powerhouse?”

“Sir, we’re not too sure if it’s a Planetary powerhouse, but the moment the other party disappeared, the aura of a planetary powerhouse did appear,” Damons replied.

“I got it.”

A few minutes later, Aurora gave an order to their base command center— collect and find the names of all planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses who had the ability to flash away.

When Tian Suqing brought Xu Tui back to the Moon general base of the Huaxia Sector, the bases of the various sectors on the moon were a little explosive.

The reason was very simple. The CEO of the Guangying Group, Capini, had been killed in his private residence at the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s general base.

The incident was slightly serious. However, the impact was even greater.

The rich and powerful who had private residences on the moon became very uneasy. There was only one conclusion for Capini to be killed with the security forces of his and his private residence—the assassin was too strong.

The assassin might be a quasi-planetary or planetary realm. Furthermore, his intentions were unknown. Therefore, the Blue Star Genetic Committee issued a notice to the various sectoral integrated bases to investigate.

However, Xu Tui was stunned when he saw the notice.

The perpetrator was a man and a woman. One was rather tall, more than 1.8 meters, and the other was rather short. She was only 1.4 meters tall, but there were no frontal photos.

Xu Tui had used a bionic mask when he met Damons. Therefore, there were only basic characteristics and a tall and short image on the notice. This made Xu Tui’s teeth hurt. Was this a Tall and Short Duo?

Or were they the Tall and Cute Duo?

Xu Tui mainly escorted the top-secret information over to the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute. He did not need to personally handle the rest.

Three days later, Xu Tui brought along the sealed research materials and research instruments. After backing up the important information to the military, Xu Tui threw them all into the quantum dimensional chain according to the request. This was also one of the reasons why Cai Shaochu asked Xu Tui to come.

Very few people had the ability of a quantum dimensional chain.

Xu Tui was a transportation tool this time.

Then, Xu Tui and dozens of researchers set off on the journey back to the Manut asteroid. It is worth mentioning that in the past three days, there have been many accidents on the moon.

Four people had already died in various accidents.

They all had the same characteristics. They died very suddenly, but their deaths were very reasonable. Upon careful investigation, they could more or less link it to Capini.

The caution of Dawn Salvation was obvious.

That was because Xu Tui was mainly asking about Painted Skin. He had not asked about anything else and did not have the time to ask. Therefore, he did not obtain much important information.

The Dawn Salvation’s purge was so thorough!

The journey back was extremely smooth.

The mental body’s Star Core spread out and passed through the teleportation channel smoothly. It took some time to collect the scattered resources and personnel.

A day later, Xu Tui brought a portion of the researchers and the supplies and equipment that needed to be transported back to the Manut asteroid.

Of course, the most important research information was taken out by Xu Tui from the quantum dimensional chain and personally handed over to Old Cai.

Old Cai was very happy. That happiness made Xu Tui feel a little strange. While he was happy, he even personally brought Xu Tui to start the research work of the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute branch. He was almost personally guiding him.

There were all kinds of research methods and research tools that Xu Tui had never heard of.

Xu Tui felt that Old Cai really treated him as a student. Therefore, the time it took for the Worldly Special Force to leave the port to explore and develop was delayed again. However, on December 17th, Xu Tui received a message from Zhou Chuan.

“Commander, the slender antenna that grew out of Tri Ling Ding has become two.”

Xu Tui could no longer sit still when he received this news.

As Zhou Chuan could not communicate with Tri Ling Ding through his consciousness, Xu Tui had given him relevant instructions before they set off. If Tri Ling Ding sensed the aura of An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and the others’ two elementary colonies, it would immediately expand the antenna into two.

He used this as a signal.

Zhou Chuan was instructed to contact Xu Tui immediately if he discovered that Tri Ling Ding’s antenna had become two.

There was news from An Xiaoxue!

At the very least, there was no specific location of An Xiaoxue. But he had a general direction where An Xiaoxue was..