Chapter 1032 - Chapter 1032: Harvest And Happiness (1)

Chapter 1032: Harvest and Happiness (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This time, Xu Tui immediately put on a mind power shield helmet for Capini. It could be said that he had come prepared.

Xu Tui placed two fingers on Capini’s forehead and the back of his neck. Through the contact of his limbs, Xu Tui’s mind power could still affect Capini. However, this method could only be used on cultivators whose mind power was weaker than Xu Tui. It was impossible for this to work if their mind power is on par with or stronger than Xu Tui.

“What was the real cause of Laugman’s death?” Xu Tui asked directly while he was under deep hypnosis. He had also activated his spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, and spiritual concealment.

If Capini was really a high-ranking member of Dawn Salvation, he must have received extremely professional anti-interrogation training and extremely powerful psychological hints.

“Sudden death. Sudden death from overwork.” @@novelbin@@

Capini’s answer was very accurate. It was not surprising. However, Xu Tui still saw some relevant content in Capini’s subconscious image through his spiritual radiation.

Laugman had a close relationship with the Purifier Officer who had been captured by Xu Tui and Tian Suqing. Although he had been dealt with by Dawn Salvation, that Purifier Officer had a close relationship with Laugman a few years ago and had worked with him before. He might be exposed.

Once Laugman was implicated by the Purifier Officer, Dawn Salvation would be in big trouble.

Therefore, they cleaned up in advance. No matter what information the

Purifier Officer revealed, everything would end with the vice-chairman of the

Guangying Group, Laugman.

Dawn Salvation suffered the least.

This was what Xu Tui had seen in Capini’s subconscious. It should be an exchange through communication.

Xu Tui could confirm that Capini was definitely a high-ranking member of Dawn Salvation.

This was a big fish. The super-large kind.

“What’s with the Painted Skin?” Xu Tui asked again.

“Painted Skin, what is Painted Skin? Does it draw on the skin?”

This was the answer that Capini gave after he was deeply hypnotized by Xu Tui. Clearly, not only had he received extremely professional anti-interrogation training, but he had also received extremely strong psychological hints. Even Xu Tui’s hypnosis could not make him spit it out.

Xu Tui suspected that the person who cast the Spiritual Shackles on Capini was most likely a Planetary powerhouse. However, the subconscious was not something that the Spiritual Shackles could restrict.

In essence, it was just that he occasionally thought of this.

Of course, very few people could use spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, and Spiritual Concealment at the same time like Xu Tui. Not to mention that the relevant genetic ability chain was already Level 3 gold.

Professor Song Zhenglin from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s School of Radiation Influence was probably inferior to Xu Tui in this aspect.

Xu Tui kept asking Capini the same question. As Capini kept answering, his subconscious naturally had relevant memories.

Aurora!

In the Blue Star Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, Painted Skin’s level rights were second only to Dawn. She had the same rights as Aurora, Blue Light, and the other core people-in-charge.

Painted Skin’s mission arrangements, including receiving the identity change for the retreat, were all personally reviewed and signed by Aurora.

Painted Skin could be said to be one of the top secrets of the Blue Star Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

“Where is Aurora? Is the Painted Skin of Dawn Salvation and the Painted Skin of The Myth the same person?”

Xu Tui kept asking the relevant questions, but Capini’s mouth was very tight. He did not answer any of them directly. Xu Tui could only obtain information through his subconscious image.

Just as Xu Tui put on the mind power shield helmet for Capini and started interrogating him, the expression of a staff member in the command center of a mysterious base in the extra-terrestrial suddenly changed. He immediately contacted the highest commander he could contact—Aurora.

“Lord Aurora, the surveillance information shows that the signal of Lord

Capini’s brainwave radiation control chip has disappeared,” the staff reported.

Aurora’s expression instantly became extremely ugly. “Prepare a virtual projection for me.” Thirty seconds later, Aurora’s virtual projection appeared in the command center of the mysterious base and began to deal with the sudden incident. “Try to detonate the brainwave auxiliary control chip in Capini’s head. ”

“Yes.”

“No signal. First detonation failed.”

“No signal from the encryption activation. Second detonation failed.”

“I activated it through the Moon’s emergency signal resonance device, but I still did not obtain a signal. The third detonation failed.”

This situation made Aurora’s expression turn solemn. As an organization that was best at using brainwave auxiliary control chips, Dawn Salvation had a deep understanding of it. Under normal circumstances, there was only one possibility for this to happen—the brainwave auxiliary control chip in Capini’s body was blocked by a powerful shield.

“Activate the 101st gangplank base and project my virtual projection over. I will undergo the most advanced operation at the 101st gangplank base,” Aurora instructed.

Thirty seconds later, in a small-scale base command center, light lit up one after another. The eyes of two sleeping robots flickered as they were activated.

At the same time, Aurora’s virtual projection appeared in the stepping base. “Confirm the location of the nearest time period for me.” “A private residence on the moon?”

“Give me full access to Capini’s Moon private residence.”

“Commander, the connection has failed. The relevant signal access method has been rewritten.. “