Chapter 1035 - Chapter 1035: The Tall And Short Duo And Two Antennas

Chapter 1035: The Tall and Short Duo and Two Antennas

(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the wilderness of the Moon.

Xu Tui pursed his lips tightly. He calmly took out his combat uniform from the quantum dimensional chain and put it on before heaving a sigh of relief.

Other than the interior of the various bases, the other districts on the moon were all vacuum. Just now, Xu Tui had used the word ‘escape’ given by Old Cai when he was surrounded by three quasi-planetary experts.

Xu Tui did not dare to act recklessly without any life-saving or emergency methods. In an instant, he escaped the encirclement of three quasi-planetary realm experts and appeared a thousand miles away.

However, Xu Tui still felt a little uncomfortable when he suddenly switched to a vacuum environment. He only felt much better after changing into a combat uniform.

Five minutes later, a patrolling Aerospace Combat Jet from the Huaxia Sector stopped in front of Xu Tui. Xu Tui boarded the plane, and Tian Suqing was sitting there.

“The intelligence shows that you were surrounded by three quasi-planets. I was about to find someone to save you. How did you escape?” Tian Suqing had a curious expression.

“An escape card.” Seeing that Tian Suqing was confused, Xu Tui added, “It’s the Origin Crystal ability seal card made by Principal Cai. Without any special obstruction, it can instantly travel a thousand miles.”

Tian Suqing was stunned. She only had one thought in her mind. How rich! He was f*cking rich.

The Origin Crystal ability seal card made by a Planetary powerhouse was used just like that. @@novelbin@@

Their extra-terrestrial Special Intelligence Division had an escape Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Card that they had invited from Cai Shaochu. They had taken it for more than three years and had gone on more than a dozen missions with the special intelligence personnel, but they did not use it.

It was mainly because it was too precious and they could not bear to part with it. There was no need to use it if they could. Even if they were seriously injured, it would not be used as long as they were not dead.

However, on Xu Tui’s side…

“What did you gain?

“There’s no evidence, but this Capini is definitely a high -level member of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. I used the interrogation method I used previously to read a lot of information from his subconscious, but I don’t have any evidence,” Xu Tui said.

Tian Suqing was silent. “If there’s no evidence, I won’t be able to intervene. Guangying Group collectively runs branches in many sectors. Furthermore, they have been bearing a lot of public welfare over the years, especially in the handling of extra-terrestrial trash. Without any evidence, I can only secretly pay attention and investigate.”

“I understand. However, at the last moment today, the three quasi-planetary realm powerhouses who surrounded me might not all be problematic, but the leader is definitely problematic,” Xu Tui said.

“Aren’t the quasi-planets surrounding you private security in the private residence area?”

“No, I can sense that they’re coming straight for me. Under normal circumstances, the security guards should have gone to the private residence to check on the situation first. And they didn’t waste any time. They wanted to kill me the moment they saw me,” Xu Tui said.

Tian Suqing frowned. “Do you have any images?”

In less than a minute, Tian Suqing had the results. “This fire-type supernatural being is from the American Sector. His name is Damons, but he is now working for the Moon Command of the Blue Star Genetic Committee.

“He was one of Mr. Raymont’s senior consultants. He was mainly in charge of the security of the Blue Star Moon Command Base. At the same time, he was also one of the combatants during wartime and had a military rank. What do you think his problem is?

“He came too quickly and coincidentally. Furthermore, his attitude toward me was extremely determined. In an instant, his killing intent filled the sky. He only wanted to kill me,” Xu Tui said.

This was what Xu Tui had told him through his passive spiritual resonance.

Under normal circumstances, even if they managed to surround Xu Tui, shouldn’t they interrogate him to confirm his identity? Where did he get such malice?

“That’s just your guess. I’m sorry, we can’t investigate this person. Of course, we can investigate secretly,” Tian Suqing said helplessly.

“I’ll investigate in the dark.”

This Damons might be another direction to investigate Aurora’s whereabouts. According to the information he had obtained from Capini, only Aurora knew the whereabouts of Painted Skin. Only by finding Aurora first could he know the whereabouts of Painted Skin.

This was a relatively clear goal.

Previously, Xu Tui had seen a secret contact number that had been transferred layer by layer in Capini’s subconscious. It was very likely that it was used to contact Dawn.

Xu Tui had asked Ah Huang to try just now, but it had already lost its effect. It had to be said that the reaction speed of the Dawn Salvation was extremely fast.

A few minutes after the incident with Capini, there were a multitude of reactions. They even cut off all the channels of information that might be leaked.

The Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization did not survive on the Blue Star for so long for nothing.

“Xu Tui, I think that if vou want to investizate the Dawn Salvation and find Painted Skin through it, that’s not the right direction,” Tian Suqing suddenly said.

“What’s wrong?”

“Ever since I started working, I’ve been working in the Special Intelligence Division. From the local to the capital to the extra-terrestrial, I’ve been a special worker. In my special work, the investigation of the Blue Star Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization has always been involved. I think that I have a

certain say in Dawn Salvation,” Tian Suqing said.

“Director Tian, tell me. I’m listening.”

“The organization of Dawn Salvation is extremely tight and cautious. In the past few decades, high-level members have been captured during Dawn Salvation, but no high -level member has ever revealed key information. There has never been a situation of catching one by one.

“Occasionally, there would be signs of it. But the tail-severing operation of Dawn Salvation is also extremely decisive,” Tian Suqing said..