Chapter 1037 - Chapter 1037: Transforming Into A Ball Again (1)

Chapter 1037: Transforming into a Ball Again (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Alright, I approve of you using the exploration of the surroundings to find the whereabouts of the pioneer raiders. I also hope to find out the whereabouts of the pioneer raiders as soon as possible and bring them back safely.”

Cai Shaochu knew about Tri Ling Ding. Therefore, Xu Tui immediately went to look for Cai Shaochu when he obtained the preliminary location of An Xiaoxue and the others.

This was because if the entire special forces were to search and explore, the range of their exploration would probably be far larger than the ten-day flight circle of the Manut asteroid that they were currently requesting to explore.

Therefore, Xu Tui had to communicate with the higher-ups.

Otherwise, before they could find the pioneer raiders, they would lose contact with the Worldly Special Force or cause a problem.

Cai Shaochu continued, “Previously, we kept sending out pioneer raiders to completely step out of the circle of the Earth, Moon and Phobos and obtain more resource planets to solve the predicament of being locked down by the Spiritual Race.

“But now, with the previous battle, we had already stepped out of the circle of the Earth, Moon and Phobos and officially stepped into the asteroid belt. Therefore, the first thing we had to do now was to bring the members of the pioneer raiders back safely. @@novelbin@@

“The third batch of pioneer raiders were all elites of the middle generation in our various sectors. We have to bring them back. Go and prepare. I’ll talk to

Cheng Daxing. Also, I’ll think of a way to strengthen you,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Thank you, Principal.”

An hour later, the Worldly Special Force was ready to set off. Xu Tui arrived at Cai Shaochu’s office again.

“The war zone has already agreed to your request. You are allowed to move freely in the next exploration. However, if you can, you have to report the situation once a day. At the same time, try your best to ensure your safety,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, I also received orders just now. I’m also here for this matter. Look, I’m about to go out. I’m not confident. I think…” Xu Tui hesitated.

“Just say what you have to say.”

Xu Tui looked at Cai Shaochu and chuckled. “Principal, in the current asteroid belt, the Planetary realms of the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan are quite active. There are even more quasi-planetary realms. You don’t want me to defend myself with a few three-phase thermal bombs every time, do you?

“Wouldn’t I be dead if I encountered someone who was not afraid of death? I want some… cards to defend myself.”

Cai Shaochu’s eyes widened. “You want some cards? Do you think my Origin Crystal Ability Card is like cabbage? Do you think I can make it just because I want to?”

“Then take a look at this video.”

Xu Tui immediately opened the video of him chasing after the planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan with a three-phase thermal bomb. Old Cai chuckled.

“You should send this video to Old Shang or Old Ji and He Qianli. Why are you showing it to me? You’re not my student.” Old Cai joked with Xu Tui. Xu Tui was stunned. Old Cai, you’ve gone overboard.

“Principal, didn’t you say before that you treat me as your dear student?

Besides, I am your student. All the students of the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College are your students, right?”

“Then I have many students.”

‘You…”

Xu Tui had no choice now. In his depression, he turned around and left. Old Cai did not give it to him, so he could only go and suck up to his grandmaster. In any case, he would embarrass the founder of the Genetic Miracle, Mr. Shang Long. Xu Tui’s reputation was small, so he was not afraid of losing it.

He had just reached the door when he was pulled back by a force.

“Xu Tui, you’re still not thick-skinned enough. If you had been a little thick-skinned just now, I would have given it to you directly. Yet, you still dare to pull a long face. Is this the attitude of begging someone?” Old Cai started educating Xu Tui on the spot.

Xu Tui let out a cold grunt. He felt that his insignificant pride had been dealt a blow.

“I’m taking the opportunity to guide you! If you’re too thin-skinned, you’ll suffer greatly. If I had my current skin back then…” Cai Shaochu sighed and took out something. “I’ve already prepared it for you.”

Xu Tui’s expression improved. When he got his hands on it, his expression turned ugly again. “Principal, just one?”

“Just one? If you think it’s too little, bring it over. Do you think this is like cabbage that I can get just because I want to?” Cai Shaochu turned hostile. He wanted to take back the Fantasy Origin Crystal ability seal card that he had just given Xu Tui, but Xu Tui threw it into the quantum dimensional chain.

“I’m mainly giving you these words. Escape, illusion, and fix. You have to comprehend them more often. When you use them, you have to experience the changes in the quantum frequency energy fluctuations. I hope that someone in this world can replicate my abilities, ” Cai Shaochu said seriously.

“I want to, but it’s too little.” Xu Tui was still indignant.

“It’s not enough?” Cai Shaochu flicked his hand at Xu Tui. “How much have I given you in the past six months? You didn’t put in the effort. You haven’t even completed the mission I gave you last time.”

Cai Shaochu was immediately filled with resentment when the topic of the study mission was brought up. Xu Tui quickly changed the topic. “Didn’t I run errands for you just now? Didn’t I complete the research mission that you assigned? Haven’t I been learning from you these few days?”

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu’s anger dissipated a little. “Use that one first. I’ve been too busy recently. Also, I have other arrangements for this trip.”

As he spoke, Cai Shaochu pressed on the button and sent a message. In less than two minutes, a group of three people walked in.

The leader was a tall woman. She looked very beautiful and her clothes were comparable to An Xiaoxue’s. She was wearing denim pants and combat boots. There were three blue jade hairpins in her long hair. However, the most eye-catching thing was her white shirt..