Chapter 1049 - Chapter 1049: Dancing On The Tip Of The Blade (1)

Chapter 1049: Dancing on the Tip of The Blade (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

One after another, the objections made the smile on Cai Shaochu’s face completely dissipate. Gradually, it turned ashen.

“Everyone, take it as giving me face and facilitating this plan. How about that?” After Old Cai’s face turned ashen, he forced a smile.

Xu Tui clenched his fists tightly.

However, even though Old Cai had started to put on a smile, no one retreated. Instead, Maiponeo laughed. “Principal Cai, don’t have any thoughts. Our vote is based on the overall interests of the Blue Star.

“It was mainly because there were too many captives of the Spiritual Race who were used to exchange for this batch of people. If you greatly reduce the number of Spiritual Race captives in exchange for this batch of people, you might be able to pass.” Maiponeo had a selfless expression.

“Overall benefits, f*ck you!” Cai Shaochu pointed at Maiponeo’s nose and cursed. He gently knocked on the table and said, “I want to remind everyone that Shang Long’s student, An Xiaoxue, is among the captives. All of you know very well what Shang Long is doing now. When he returns, I think he will ask you for an explanation. @@novelbin@@

“Also, some of you here might think that what happened today is very fun and are interfering.” As he spoke, Cai Shaochu’s gaze slowly swept past the faces of the Lord of Myths and Raymont.

He could not be clearer who he was talking about.

“Mr. Cai, are you threatening the participants?” Raymont suddenly leaned forward.

“You can understand it that way. Come and bite me.” Old Cai spread his hands, turned around, and walked out of the meeting room. “Who made me unhappy for a moment? I’ll definitely find an opportunity to make him unhappy for the rest of his life! Time passes. Let’s play slowly!”

With that, Cai Shaochu completely left the meeting room. Then, the meeting ended.

Three minutes later, Cai Shaochu returned to the office and saw Xu Tui.

Old Cai, who had an ugly and tired expression, forced a smile on his old face when he saw Xu Tui looking over.

“Xu Tui, don’t be anxious. There has been progress in the exchange of captives today. It will be done in a few days,” Cai Shaochu said with a faint smile.

Xu Tui was speechless. He suddenly felt an inexplicable sadness and heartache when he heard Cai Shaochu’s words.

Suddenly, Cai Shaochu’s shadow overlapped with Xu Tui’s father’s shadow.

When he was young, his family’s conditions were a little poor. He often had difficulties. His father, Xu Jianguo, often worked part-time. Every time he returned home, even if he was extremely tired or if he was complained by a client, his father, Xu Jianguo, would always have a smile on his face.

He was not tired.

It was an easy job.

He had earned quite a lot.

His boss treated him very well.

Only when he turned around or felt that he had no family would his father, Xu Jianguo, reveal a worried and tired expression.

Old Cai looked very much like his father, who had said that he was not tired or hungry after returning home after 18 hours.

Xu Tui felt a lump in his throat.

“Principal, I saw everything!” “Hmm?”

Cai Shaochu was speechless.

A minute later, after taking a sip of the hot tea that Xu Tui had brewed, Old Cai let out a long sigh and gestured for Xu Tui to sit down. “Xu Tui, since you’ve seen the true situation of the venue, don’t be anxious. I still have a way. I will definitely save Xiaoxue and the others. Believe me.”

“Principal, if we can’t exchange for captives, how can we save Miss An and the others? Up until now, we don’t even know where Miss An and the others are.” It would be a lie to say that they were not anxious.

“Don’t worry. I’ll definitely be able to convince the various sectors to take out a suitable number of Spiritual Race captives to exchange for Xiaoxue’s,” Cai Shaochu promised.

Xu Tui did not say anything. This had already expressed his thoughts. It was not that he did not trust Cai Shaochu, but he did not trust the others. In essence, as 90% of the 126 captives in the prison died, the other alliances no longer had any motive to exchange captives.

Why take the risk if there were no benefits?

On further thought, the elites of the other sectors were all dead. Why should the elites of the Huaxia Sector come back?

These were the elites of the Huaxia Sector. Let them return so they could suppress them?

The conclusion he came to after considering the benefits and the future was very pessimistic. Even if Old Cai gave in again, the other sectors would probably not support Old Cai’s idea.

“It’s fine. I still have a way!” Old Cai muttered, “If I can’t do it at the meeting table, I’ll look for them one by one in private later! I’ll talk to them and convince them! If I can’t convince them, then I’ll reason with them!” Old Cai left after he finished the tea that Xu Tui had brewed.

Ten minutes later, waves of powerful power fluctuations erupted above the Manut asteroid, attracting everyone’s attention. It was said that Cai Shaochu was “reasoning” with the Planetary powerhouse of the India Sector, Asid.

The logic was clear. Asid had been beaten black and blue by Cai Shaochu, but Cai Shaochu, who had returned, was even more dejected.

He did not convince them.

“Xu Tui, don’t be anxious. Wei Bin is also working hard. We’ll see the results of the meeting tomorrow.” Old Cai had a tired expression.

Xu Tui knew very well that Old Cai was already trying his best to think of a way. He had even started to put on an old face. He nodded sensibly and did not dare to rush Old Cai anymore. However, while he was cultivating, Xu Tui was thinking about another question. What should he do if the worst-case scenario happened?

What should he do?

Xu Tui thought about it the entire night.

On the 5th of January, the captive exchange consultation meeting was held again. This time, Xu Tui did not have to trouble Wei Bin. Cai Shaochu directly synchronized the meeting venue for Xu Tui in real time..