Chapter 1040 - Chapter 1040: Disappearance And Sudden Event

Chapter 1040: Disappearance and Sudden Event

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lavis was stunned when it exploded from the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body that had just entered.

However, in the next moment, Lavis was about to go crazy.

The Great Xi people had a mental body that was one with energy. It could allow their mental body to leave their bodies and survive. But if their strength had

med their mental zed Body, they had to find a place to live as soon as possible after the mental body and energy left their bodies.

Otherwise, his mind power and energy would continuously dissipate at a constant speed until he died.

This was also one of the fundamental reasons why Lavis had hurriedly found a suitable alloy block to enter the asteroid. He had to find something to host himself with. But now, he had swallowed the alloy block that was attached to him just now. There was alloy everywhere in the Aerospace Combat Jet, but there were energy waves, so he could not enter.

In an instant, the blue ball of light that Lavis had exploded dissipated at a speed that he could sense.

It shocked and stunned Lavis!

This was especially so for Lavis. He had clearly obtained the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body as his body. Why was he out again?

Xu Tui ignored Lavis. He slowly replenished another Mental Explosion Formula in the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body that had degenerated into a ball. Then, he carried the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body in front of Lavis.

“Do you understand?”

Lavis shook his head at first, then nodded vigorously.

“Tell me, what do you understand?”

“I was too anxious. I should have obtained your permission first…’

“No, you don’t understand.” Xu Tui shook his head. “What I wanted you to know just now is that even if you obtain this Mysterious Silver Glazed Body as your own body, even if you have recovered your cultivation, as long as I’m willing, I can kick you out of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and beat you back to your original state! Do you understand?”

Lavis froze. It turned out that even if he obtained the Mysterious Silver Glazed

Body, he was renter? @@novelbin@@

“If you don’t understand, I’ll take this thing away,” Xu Tui said.

“I understand! Don’t worry, Sir. In the future, if you ask me to go east, I definitely won’t dare to go west. If you ask me to become shorter, I definitely won’t dare to grow longer,” Lavis quickly promised.

“I hope you really understand. Work hard for me. There will be a day when you transcend,” Xu Tui said with a cold smile.

“Understood, understood!” Lavis quickly agreed.

Xu Tui only placed the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body in front of Lavis when he saw this. However, Lavis did not dare to be anxious anymore.

“Lord Xu Tui, can I go in now?” Lavis asked carefully.

He had learned his lesson.

“Go in.”

A minute later, Lavis, who had returned to his human form, said carefully, “Lord Xu Tui, can you give me some high-purity high-grade alloy? In that case, I can work for you better. How much you give depends on your heart.”

Xu Tui did not bring much high-level alloy. But he still threw a few pieces of the Mysterious Glazed Alloy that he had obtained from the Fuqiang asteroid in his anantllm dimensional chain- He threw them to T.avis-

Due to the lack of alloy, Lavis could not maintain his previous tall image. In the end, he could only maintain a height of about 1.6 meters.

He was considered relatively short among the Blue Star humans today. However, the appearance of the Great Xi people was mainly blue, silver, black, and glass. Their characteristics looked very obvious. Therefore, Xu Tui threw a combat uniform to Lavis.

After putting it on, especially after pulling down the mask, Lavis was a living Blue Star Human Transmutation Realm expert.

“What kind of combat strength can you unleash now?”

“With my strength at the early-stage of the Transmutation Realm, I should be able to fight experts at the mid-stage or even late-stage of the Blue Star with my experience and the resolve of a former quasi-planet.”

The late-stage of the Transmutation Realm was actually a more general division of the Great Xi Clan. The FE-level Transmutation Realm was the early-stage, the DC-level was the middle-stage, BA and above was the late-stage.

“If your strength increases to the mid-stage of the Transmutation Realm, wouldn’t you be able to resist a quasi-planet?” Xu Tui asked.

“That’s the theory.”

“How much energy do you need to recover your strength to the mid-stage of the Transmutation Realm?”

“At least 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals,” Lavis said.

In the next moment, Xu Tui casually threw 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals to Lavis.

Xu Tui had obtained tens of thousands of grams of Origin Crystals from the last resource planet, including the rewards for the Mars reinforcement battle. During this period of time, Xu Tui still had more than 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals in his hands.

A few days ago, Ah Huang had obtained another two thousand grams for Xu Tui in the private residence on the moon.

Putting aside the consumption of Xu Tui’s cultivation, Xu Tui’s current net worth was actually quite generous.

“Boss, the direction is right. Not only can I sense the auras of the two marked colonies, I can still sense it now. These two colonies are very close.”

On the 23rd of December, after flying in the direction of Tri Ling Ding’s senses for a day and a half, Tri Ling Ding’s senses became clearer and clearer. Actually, after spending half a day, they had discovered a newly discovered asteroid that could be used as a resource planet.

It was right to be close.

“Boss, other than the two low-level colonies that have been marked, I also sensed the auras of several of my colonies. They are gathered together,” Tri Ling Ding said on December 24th.

It was even more right to have other colonies.

This was because many of the pioneer raiders had brought colonies to sense the target’s energy fluctuations.

On the morning of December 25th, Tri Ling Ding reported again, “Boss, I feel it more clearly. Perhaps in seven to eight days, or ten days, we might be able to find two colonies.”

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. It was good that there was hope. He was afraid that there was no hope.

On the afternoon of December 25th, Xu Tui, who was cultivating, was suddenly woken up by Tri Ling Ding’s anxious voice. “Boss, bad news. It’s gone!” “What’s gone?”

“The auras of the two colonies are gone! I can’t sense them anymore.” Tri Ling Ding was very desolate because this concerned the reward that he had been longing for.

Tri Ling Ding was very desolate, but Xu Tui was still calm.

“Don’t be anxious. Continue searching. Continue to strengthen your antenna.

I’ll give you another Origin Crystal. Search carefully. There are many

interference factors in the universe. It might appear in a while,” Xu Tui said.

“Boss, I’ve lost the signal for an hour. I tried many methods but could not sense it again. That’s why I contacted you…”

Xu Tui felt his head jump. He felt his blood surge, but he still guarded it. “Even the colony of your Ling Clan will be very difficult to destroy, right?”

“It’s not too difficult to destroy low-level colonies! For example, your three-phase thermal bombs will turn those into ashes when they explode!”

Xu Tui’s head buzzed when he thought of a possibility. He almost exploded. Could it be that An Xiaoxue and the others had encountered danger and used the same method with the three-phase thermal explosive? However, they had gone overboard…

Xu Tui broke out in a cold sweat when he thought of this.

The possibility was very high!

This was the worst-case scenario. There was no contest.

With An Xiaoxue’s personality, the possibility was really…

His limbs suddenly felt a little limp.

“Other than being destroyed, what other situation would the information of your Ling Clan’s colony be isolated or interrupted?”

“Boss, the information we sense between the Ling Clan’s colonies is a quantum frequency of the Ling Clan’s life source.

Ordinary electromagnetic storms and particle storms would not be able to isolate this perception. Only a quantum storm or quantum wave force field nearby where the colony was could isolate the signal between us and the colony.

“Usually, only people like the Spiritual Race and Great Xi Clan would have the relevant technology and equipment,” Tri Ling Ding said.

At that moment, Xu Tui suddenly felt that it was difficult to even breathe. Was the worst-case scenario happening?

“Boss, I’ll… try again!” Tri Ling Ding, who was communicating with Xu Tui’s consciousness, also noticed Xu Tui’s abnormality.

Ah Huang jumped down from Xu Tui’s hand and chest, scaring Lavis.

“Xu Tui, regardless of whether the worst-case scenario has happened, you have to calm down now, much less give up just like that.” Ah Huang handed Xu Tui a glass of water.

Xu Tui took a sip of water and wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. He took a few deep breaths before he calmed down again.

Today, Xu Tui truly understood how chaotic it was when one was involved.

“Tri Ling Ding, did you find anything?”

“No, it disappeared very suddenly. It disappeared without any fluctuations and never appeared again. I highly suspect that the colonies were either destroyed or blocked by the quantum wave force field,” Tri Ling Ding said.

After pondering for a minute, Xu Tui said, “Ah Huang, help me contact Manut and transfer the call to Principal Cai.”

“Alright, the current distance is about 20 minutes.”

“Okay!”

However, it had been an hour since Xu Tui contacted Cai Shaochu. Cai Shaochu seemed to have been very busy previously and had not accepted any communication requests.

“Principal Cai, did something happen to the pioneer raiders? The location signals I’m searching for suddenly disappeared! Two and a half hours ago,” Xu Tui asked with an expectant expression.

“Something did happen.”

At that moment, Xu Tui felt as if his heart was being grabbed by a large hand. He felt as if he could not breathe.

“Are you unable to lock onto their location now?”

‘Yes.”

“Then let’s return. It looks like we won’t have the last chance.” Cai Shaochu sighed-

“What last chance?”

“The pioneer raiders were attacked by the Spiritual Race. Some of them died in battle, and some of them were captured. The Spiritual Race contacted us just now. I was hoping that you could lock onto their location and see if there was any possibility of rescuing them,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, then Miss An Xiaoxue…” Xu Tui was so nervous that he was incoherent.

“She’s still alive! In the video sent by the Spiritual Race, she’s still alive.”

Xu Tui instantly heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that. As he took deep breaths, he sweated profusely.

Alive!

It was fine as long as she was alive!

“If you don’t have anything important, come back first. The Spiritual Race has raised their conditions. The negotiation team is discussing it!”

“Okay! Turn back! Return at full speed!”