Chapter 1042 - Chapter 1042: The Different Situation Of The Captives And The Abnormal Movements In The Prison (2)

Chapter 1042: The Different Situation of the Captives and the Abnormal Movements in the Prison (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“This resulted in the current stalemate. Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, An Xiaoxue, and the others had used the method of mutual destruction to prevent the Planetary or quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race from going deeper.

“At the same time, bec change for captives, You do not have enough FP extreme violence,” Cai aoc u sal .

“Principal, since they want to exchange captives, let’s do it. Have we not discussed it yet? Or is there something going on?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s not that simple. An exchange also requires technique.” Cai Shaochu shook his head. “I’m discussing it with the Spiritual Race and also formulating a plan to exchange for captives.”

Xu Tui understood what Cai Shaochu meant.

There were many problems to consider in exchanging captives. For example, the safety of the transaction. Not considering this was sending captives to the enemy. There had to be a Planetary powerhouse present to preside over the transaction. Moreover, it had to be at least a few.

If there were too few Planetary powerhouses, they would become prey for the Spiritual Race. However, if more Planetary powerhouses went, how could the safety of the Manut asteroid be guaranteed based on the current situation?

If four to five Planetary powerhouses were distributed to exchange for captives, how would the Spiritual Race deal with the situation if they lured the tiger away from the mountain to launch a surprise attack on Manut?

There were many problems to consider on the Blue Star.

However, the overall tone was that it would take time.

The more time they had, the more Planetary powerhouses the Blue Star could transfer to the Manut asteroid. The fewer hidden dangers there were, the more confident they would be.

“Principal, how sincere do you think the Spiritual Race is in proposing to exchange for captives?” Xu Tui completely calmed down and entered a state of mind when he saw An Xiaoxue’s current situation.

“Personally, I feel that the Spiritual Race’s exchange of captives is very sincere. Their main targets this time are the two quasi-planets of the Spiritual Race that we captured previously, the seven Transmutation Realm experts of the Spiritual Race, and the 17 Spiritual Race experts at the Evolution Realm. That includes Lei Xiang, whom you brought back from your previous captive.

“We analyzed the situation and realized that the captives that the Spiritual

Race had requested to exchange were all from Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. 90% of them were from the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division.

“In the list of requests for an exchange, only three people who were not from the Thunder Division belonged to the Mechanical Spirit Race and the

Dissimilate Race. On the contrary, we still had a quasi-planet of the Spiritual Race’s Fire Division, but Lei Tian did not mention it.

“From this point of analysis, we felt that the Spiritual Race’s Lei Tian might be trying to exchange for more of their Thunder Division’s main forces. The exchange is very sincere,” Cai Shaochu said.

“What about the exchange plan on the Blue Star?” Xu Tui asked.

“A preliminary exchange plan has been formed, including the trading candidates requested by the Spiritual Race. They have been gathered on Mars. However, the specifics and many emergency plans are still being discussed.

“Especially on Manut’s side, we still need time to prepare,” Cai Shaochu said.

“However, the final outcome will be out in the next few days. The Spiritual Race is also in a hurry.”

Xu Tui and Bu Qingqiu relaxed slightly. It was not the worst-case scenario. Moreover, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and Wen Shao were in a better situation than they had imagined.

“Don’t be anxious…” As Cai Shaochu was speaking, his communication device rang. He took a look and said, “Go and rest first. The Spiritual Race will contact us again for the third round of negotiations. I need to go over now.”

“Principal!” Xu Tui expressed that he wanted to go. It was impossible for him to participate in such a meeting, but there should be no problem with listening in.

Cai Shaochu hesitated for a moment and nodded. “You can only bring your ears.

You can’t bring your mouth. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being chased out.”

“Thank you, Principal.” @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was very happy that Cai Shaochu had agreed to bring him along. Bu

Qingqiu, who was standing at the side, was stunned. She quickly said, “Principal, I want to go too.” “You can’t!”

Cai Shaochu rejected her firmly.

Bu Qingqiu was stunned. Xu Tui was also a little stunned. Was this a differential treatment, or was there another reason?

“Why, Principal? If you can bring Xu Tui, can’t you bring me along to listen? I’m a quasi-planetary after all.” Bu Qingqiu became anxious.

“Xu Tui has mid-grade Level B individual rights, which is equivalent to the leader rights of the Blue Star. So he can, while you can’t.”

Cai Shaochu flicked his sleeve slightly and left with Xu Tui. Bu Qingqiu was left alone in the office.

How infuriating!

Bu Qingqiu stomped her feet in frustration. It did not sway.

This exchange of captives was of utmost importance. It involved almost all of the Blue Star’s forces in the extra-terrestrial. Therefore, the higher-ups of the Blue Star in the extra-terrestrial participated in the negotiations with the Spiritual Race. It was a virtual projection meeting.

However, the home ground of this virtual projection meeting was the Manut asteroid. That was why Old Cai could bring Xu Tui over.

On the Manut asteroid, Old Cai’s face was quite big. Moreover, Xu Tui’s individual level rights were really high. A third of the participants present only had low-grade Level B rights. Of course, it did not mean that one could participate with mid-grade Level B rights. It was mainly because Old Cai was shameless.

The participants were mainly representatives of the Planetary powerhouses from the seven sectors.

The people from the Manut are participating in the negotiation.

The Spiritual Race’s negotiators were Lei Qian and Lei Gen.

Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race, did not step forward. Of course, it was normal for Lei Tian not to appear in this kind of wrangling..