Chapter 1044 - Chapter 1044: Civil War And Lang Fanyun’S Decision (1)

Chapter 1044: Civil War and Lang Fanyun’s Decision (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It emitted a light blue water light and instantly filled the entire prison passageway. The image on this split screen immediately fluctuated. From time to time, blood spurted out.

At the same time, the expressions of Lei Qian and Lei Gen on the main screen also became extremely terrified. Lei Qian, who had been negotiating with a smile just now, suddenly stood up with a big stomach. She almost lost her balance. “What’s going on? Why would the people from the Water Division appear in the base prison?”

“It’s Lang Fanyun! Lang Fanyun must have gone to save Lang Ju and his subordinates. ”

“What is Lei Hong doing? Didn’t we ask him to keep an eye on Lang Fanyun? Why did he run back from Planet Charon?” Lei Qian was furious.

“We have to transfer people to the prison immediately. We can’t let Lang Fanyun save them. Once he saves them, we’ll be in big trouble if we let them contact the Sanctuary!” Lei Gen was anxious.

“If it’s Lang Fanyun, ordinary people won’t be able to stop him. There will be at least two Planetary experts. Contact the commander-in-chief. I’ll immediately contact the troops and experts to stop him.” Lei Qian was very anxious, but she was still very calm.

It might be a real emergency, so Lei Qian and Lei Gen immediately dealt with it. They did not immediately cut off the video conference connection with the Blue Star. As a result, this scene was broadcast live in front of the higher-ups of the Blue Star.

“This doesn’t seem like an act, right?” Nilab, the deputy director of the India Sector’s Genetic Committee, muttered, but no one cared.

Everyone quietly looked at every detail on the screen. If the scene just now was not an act, there would be too much information.

Lang Fanyun from the Spiritual Race’s Water Division was going to the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base to save someone?

Contact the Sanctuary?

Coupled with the request of the Spiritual Race to exchange for captives, the sly old foxes of the Blue Star Human Race instantly deduced countless pieces of information. Some of their judgments were even close to the truth.

The killing in the prison lasted less than a minute before it ended. The aqua-blue light instantly turned into a burly man with long hair and a pair of royal blue eyes. He walked deeper into the prison.

This was probably the Planetary powerhouse of the Water Division of the Spiritual Race that was mentioned.

In less than 30 seconds, a dozen figures quickly walked out of the depths of the prison. A few of them had aqua-blue characteristics on their bodies. One of them was a little similar to Lang Fanyun. He should be the Lang Ju that Lei Gen had mentioned just now. @@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui also saw another familiar face in this group of people. She had long legs, fiery red hair, and a fiery figure. There was a fire bud like a fire cloud on her forehead.

Yanzi!

Yanzi, who had fought Xu Tui on Mars previously.

As she walked, Yanzi removed the shackles on her limbs.

Was Yanzi also locked up in this prison previously? This scene made Xu Tui a little confused. Why did Lei Tian lock up his own people from the Spiritual Race?

Lang Fanyun from the Water Division had attacked the prison this time to save people.

Lang Fanyun and Lang Ju were about to escape from the prison with Yanzi and the others, but before they reached the entrance, Lang Fanyun’s expression changed.

“The emergency team has already arrived. They’re not weak. I have no problems, but you have some problems.” Lang Fanyun frowned.

“Create chaos for them and make them even more chaotic.” Yanzi, who had just escaped, had a look of hatred.

“Why?”

“I heard from them over the past few days that Lei Tian is going to use the newly captured Blue Star captives here to exchange for the main forces of the Thunder Division who were captured by the Blue Star. It was extremely important to Lei Tian. Let them all go and escape together. We’ll attract their firepower and see who Lei Tian captures first!” Yanzi said.

“Okay!”

Lang Fanyun readily agreed. In an instant, the dozen or so Spiritual Race members of the Water Division and the Fire Division that he had just saved split up and pounced out to destroy the prison.

In less than 30 seconds, the 100 captives were all released by Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others.

In the meeting room, Old Cai suddenly changed his expression. “Not good. I’m afraid…”

Old Cai seemed to have thought of something. However, even if Old Cai thought of a certain danger, the situation would not change because of Old Cai’s thoughts.

In the prison tunnel, Lang Fanyun released the aura of a Planetary powerhouse and said to the 100 captives of the Blue Star, “I’ll save you while I’m at it. Let’s escape together. Whoever lives will die. It’s up to fate!”

“Of course. If you don’t escape, I’ll kill you first!” Lang Fanyun added.

In the next moment, under the threat of Lang Fanyun and the urge to live, the 100 captives of the Blue Star who had just been released rushed out of the prison door in a daze. Seeing that there were fewer and fewer people in the prison tunnel, the expressions of the Blue Star higher-ups who were participating in the meeting became uglier and uglier.

Things might be heading towards a very bad situation that they did not want to see.

There was nothing left on the split screen.

However, the occasional energy fluctuations and airwaves coming from outside caused the screen to shake. It could be seen how intense the battle was.

From the overall situation of the incident, the internal conflict in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was completely exposed to the Blue Star humans because of an accident. In the future, this was a great thing.

Lei Tian’s forward operating base was not unified. There were also major problems.

It seemed that there might be a problem with the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. However, the current exchange of captives was very bad.

The battle was very intense.. What would happen to the Blue Star human elites who had been saved by Lang Fanyun and chased out?