Chapter 1046 - Chapter 1046: Huge Ransom And Raising Hands To Vote (1)

Chapter 1046: Huge Ransom and Raising Hands to Vote (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

All the Blue Star humans were happy to see the internal strife in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. Decreasing the enemy by one point was equivalent to increasing themselves by two points.

However, it added a hint of uncertainty to the exchange of captives.

Xu Tui felt much more relaxed.

An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and the others were currently in danger. However, they were very safe under the urgent need of the Spiritual Race to exchange for captives.

Now, they had to facilitate the exchange of captives with the Spiritual Race as soon as possible.

On the 2nd of January 2139, Old Cai received a notice and went to negotiate with the Spiritual Race for the exchange of captives.

This time, Xu Tui did not follow.

He already understood the situation of An Xiaoxue and the others. It was useless to follow them.

He might as well focus on cultivating and increasing his strength in case of emergencies. Over the past few days, Xu Tui had been constantly trying to use his mind power sand box to quickly form the disorderly intersecting genetic multi-ring chain in the genetic ability chain. He had already made preliminary progress.

Actually, he was trying to quickly break through from the Evolution Realm to the Transmutation Realm on his own.

However, after a simple genetic ability chain was disorderly connected to the many genetic base points inside, it formed a Genetic Multi-Ring Chain.

He had already tried two ways to quickly establish the internal multi-loop genetic chain with the mind power sand box. However, Xu Tui did not dare to use it on himself.

The rapid breakthrough method simulated by the mind power sand box only eliminated 70% of the risk. There was still 30% of the risk. It was impossible to be sure.

Therefore, Xu Tui was very cautious. He deduced a few more methods and chose the best of the best.

The negotiation meeting with the Spiritual Race for the exchange of captives that Old Cai participated in on the 2nd of January took a long time. It took two hours.

Old Cai, who had returned, was not in a good mood. His expression was dark. It seemed that there had been no substantial progress.

“Principal, have you confirmed the location and time of the exchange of captives?” Xu Tui asked.

Cai Shaochu shook his head.

“What’s going on?” “You saw the conflict in the Spiritual Race’s prison yesterday, right?” “Yes, I saw it.”

“There are a total of 126 Blue Star human captives in the Spiritual Race’s prison. However, do you know how many people died after the conflict yesterday?” Cai Shaochu said. Xu Tui suddenly had a bad feeling. “Principal, how much?”

“One hundred and seven people.”

“There were a total of 107 unarmed captives who were chased out of the prison tunnel by Lang Fanyun. In an instant, they were attacked by the Spiritual Race troops and automatic defense arms. They suffered heavy casualties.

“In the chaotic battle that followed, according to Lei Qian, Lang Fanyun deliberately used the captives of the Blue Star humans as firepower shields to break through their blockade. Out of 126 captives, 107 people died on the spot.

“There were only 19 people left.

“Among the remaining 19 people, six of them are seriously injured. Four of them have already been given up on treatment by the Spiritual Race. It’s only a matter of time before they die. Two of them have collapsed their mind power and are in a coma. It’s hard to say if they can wake up.” Cai Shaochu had an ugly expression.

Xu Tui was stunned.

The level of internal strife in the Spiritual Race’s prison was much crueler than Xu Tui had imagined. So many people had died.

Of course, he was not surprised.

The 126 captives were unarmed. Their energy field and mind power had been in a state of control previously. They had not recovered much in a short period of time and had been forced out. They had all become cannon fodder.

However, the death toll was much higher than Xu Tui had imagined.

According to this number, there were only 13 captives that could be exchanged.

“Although there are 13 captives in the prison, there are 21 people in Miss An’s pioneer raiders who came to the Tower Asteroid. There are more than 30 people here. We have to get them back,” Xu Tui said. @@novelbin@@

“Yes, we have to get them back! However, after the various sectors learned of this news today, their reactions were relatively large. The negotiation almost broke down. Calm down today. We’ll talk tomorrow.” Cai Shaochu sighed and hesitated.

Xu Tui did not notice Cai Shaochu’s expression. “Principal, you guys can continue your discussion tomorrow. If no one is willing to go to the Tower Asteroid or the trading location to exchange for captives, count me in.”

“Yes, I know.”

Xu Tui continued to cultivate.

On the 3rd of January, Cai Shaochu continued to hold a consultation meeting on the exchange of captives. After he returned, Xu Tui, who was waiting in his office, realized that Cai Shaochu’s expression was even uglier than yesterday.

Even his breathing was a little uneven. He drank a large glass of water in one go before he felt a little better.

“Principal, what’s wrong?

“It’s getting more and more ridiculous! These bastards need to be taught a lesson! Don’t worry, the results will be out tomorrow.”

On the 4th of January, Old Cai continued to participate in the consultation meeting to exchange captives. Xu Tui was a little anxious when Old Cai left.

What went wrong?

Xu Tui wanted to follow, but Old Cai insisted on not bringing Xu Tui along.

From Old Cai’s performance over the past two days, there must be a huge problem with the negotiation of exchanging captives.

The day before yesterday, Old Cai had even taught Xu Tui to be calm whenever something major happened. However, Old Cai himself, especially yesterday, felt like he was about to curse from anger.

It had to be known that Old Cai’s Qi-cultivation skills were very powerful. The more Xu Tui thought about it, the more nervous he became.

Why did Old Cai hide the matter of the captive exchange consultation from him? What had happened that Old Cai had to hide from him? Did something happen to An Xiaoxue and the others?

Xu Tui became anxious. He desperately wanted to know the contents of the captive exchange meeting over the past two days.

Without Old Cai, Xu Tui did not know much..