Chapter 1041 - Chapter 1041: The Different Situations Of The Captive And The Abnormal Movements In The Prison (1)

Chapter 1041: The Different Situations of the Captive and the Abnormal Movements in the Prison (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was burning with anxiety on the way back. He could not wait to have superpowers and save An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan were still alive, but they had been captured. It was good news, but also bad news.

How miserable was the captive’s situation?

There was a certain bottom line in the treatment of captives on the Blue Star. However, in intergalactic wars, would there be a bottom line in the treatment of captives of foreign races?

How could there be!

He would be as cruel as he could be.

Back then, in order to obtain useful information from Lei Xiang, Yang Huai brewed Lei Xiang like an eagle and even cut him up. Even so, this method of dealing with the captives was actually relatively gentle. It was just to destroy the captives’ will.

There were too many unscrupulous methods to deal with foreign captives.

Xu Tui did not even dare to imagine that scene.

However, there was something that Xu Tui was a little puzzled about. Based on his understanding of An Xiaoxue, she was the kind of stubborn person who would rather die than submit. There was still a slight possibility that Qu Qingshan, a prodigal at night, would surrender and become a captive.

Could An Xiaoxue have been attacked by a Planetary powerhouse?

Amidst their anxiety and confusion, the Worldly Special Force rushed back to the Manut asteroid. Along the way, Tri Ling Ding did not give up on the idea of getting a reward. It kept playing with the slender antenna on its head. Xu Tui was also looking forward to it.

However, it did not sense the auras of the two low-level colonies again when he returned to the Manut asteroid.

It was January 1, 2139, when he returned to the Manut asteroid.

It was the new year of the Blue Star. The more they left the Blue Star, the more the Blue Star humans would celebrate the New Year in various ways. When the Worldly Special Force entered the port, waves of colorful special fireworks rose from the Manut asteroid. Those were the guards here celebrating the New Year.

The members of the Worldly Special Force also cheered when they saw the New Year fireworks.

Only Xu Tui had a serious expression. He could not sense any festive atmosphere from the colorful fireworks. What Xu Tui saw was more like… smoke.

“Principal, what exactly is the situation now?” Xu Tui immediately went to see Cai Shaochu. Bu Qingqiu followed him.

Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui steadily, but he did not answer him. Instead, he made a cup of hot tea for Xu Tui and Bu Qingqiu and pushed it in front of them.

“You have to calm down when it comes to major matters. Look at how calm your Miss Bu is,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui glanced at Bu Qingqiu, who had an oval face. It was flat, but it was definitely not quiet.

Bu Qingqiu could sense Xu Tui’s passive spiritual resonance. She was also very anxious, but she did not show it on her face.

Cai Shaochu did not educate Xu Tui too much at this juncture. He waited for Xu Tui to take a sip of tea before projecting a video for him.

In the video, there were hundreds of Blue Star humans being captured. They all looked like they had been through a bloody battle. A quarter of them had crippled limbs, but they could still move.

Those who could not move but could breathe were pulled away by the Spiritual Race as corpses. @@novelbin@@

The video was only three minutes long.

Xu Tui was stunned after he finished reading.

“Principal, there are a total of 126 captives. However, among the captives, the American Sector, the European Sector, the India Sector, and the Africa Sector are the main ones. I didn’t see anyone from Huaxia. Miss An, Mr. Qu, and Mr. Wen Shao did not appear. Didn’t you say that Miss An and the others are alright?”

Bu Qingqiu had the same question. “Principal, Little Qu won’t…”

“Look at this again.”

Cai Shaochu released another video.

The video showed a mountain, then a tunnel that went deep into the mountain. It could be seen that there was a safety door in the tunnel. It had also been reinforced. It looked like an artificial base.

The angle of the photo went deep. Suddenly, a bald head and a horn appeared.

Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao.

These two people were bald and had horns on their heads. Their characteristics were extremely obvious. The two of them guarded a narrow entrance. There was a three-phase thermal bomb in front of them. Then, Xu Tui saw An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui suddenly smiled when he saw An Xiaoxue’s expression.

In the video, An Xiaoxue was like a queen. She was sitting on a three-phase thermal bomb. She was also stepping on a three-phase thermal bomb. More than a dozen silver pills were flying around her.

As she was wearing a combat uniform and filming, he could not see much of her expression. However, he could tell from the mask that An Xiaoxue’s expression was not one of pain. On the contrary, she was very calm.

Xu Tui, who had personally experienced this, understood this very well.

Some decisions were like a blunt knife cutting through flesh before they were made. It made people hesitate, but once they were made, it would be extremely easy.

At most, he would die! What was there to be afraid of?

Xu Tui had the same thought when he was chasing after the Planetary powerhouses on the Fuqiang asteroid with two three-phase thermal bombs.

Qu Qingshan, who was protecting An Xiaoxue, was even smiling at the camera. He had a disdainful smile!

“According to the intelligence analysis, a portion of the Huaxia Sector’s pioneer raidprq with An Yinnvnp 011 Oin?qhnn and Wen Shan the hackhnnp retreated into the depths of the shelter they had built on this planet in the past few months at the critical moment. Their original intention was to defend to the death. At the very least, they could die with the enemy.

“However, it just so happened that the Spiritual Race wanted to obtain enough chips to exchange for captives with the Blue Star, so they did not attack or destroy this place..”