Chapter 1048 - Chapter 1048: Huge Ransom And Raising Hands To Vote (3)

Chapter 1048: Huge Ransom and Raising Hands to Vote (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Why didn’t you mention this before anything happened to the captives in the prison!”

Asid looked at Cai Shaochu expressionlessly, allowing Cai Shaochu’s spit to land on his face.

They were both Planetary powerhouses. Cai Shaochu was indeed stronger than him. He could indeed hammer him, but he was not afraid!

“No!” Cai Shaochu, who had flown into a rage, waved his hand. “This plan won’t do! The ransom you increased is too much. The Spiritual Race won’t accept it.

There are still so many people trapped from the Huaxia Sector. We have to save them first! Reduce the ransom by half, no, two-thirds. We’ll talk to the

Spiritual Race again!”

Seeing this, Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, pursed his lips and shook his head. “Mr. Cai, calm down. Let’s talk slowly.”

“You want me to calm down? Isn’t that obvious? The captives from their sectors are gone. It’s obvious that they’re holding back so that the people from the

Huaxia Sector won’t be able to return!” Cai Shaochu pointed at the noses of

Maiponeo, Nilab, and the others and scolded.

Maiponeo slowly adjusted his bow tie. “Mr. Cai, we don’t have any bad intentions! What we are doing now is protecting the overall interests of the

Blue Star! If we returned the quasi-planetary and transmutation realms that Lei Tian desperately needed to them, we would only be able to exchange them for a limited number of evolution realms. This was a disguised way to increase the strength of the Spiritual Race.

“When the Spiritual Race attacks in the future, we will only suffer even more losses! Therefore, I personally think that this ransom is necessary! Moreover, I think the ransom plan that was proposed just now is still not enough. We should increase the ransom amount to 20 to 30% on the basis of this ransom. That would be a reasonable price!”

“Increase my ass!”

Cai Shaochu was so angry that he threw the glass of water in front of him, but it only passed through Maiponeo’s virtual projection.

Maiponeo’s virtual projection only fluctuated for a moment before returning to normal.

Just as Cai Shaochu was about to flare up, Nilab suddenly said, “Mr. Raymont, I

think that the time has come to increase the ransom plan again. I support Mr. Maiponeo’s suggestion! I agree with both hands!”

“Of course!” Raymont smiled. “Then the vote will begin now. I support it.”

Almost instantly, the Lord of The Myth, Doge Antheus of the European Sector, Huaya Sector all supported Maiponeo’s suggestion.

At this rate, not only would the ransom exchange plan be approved, but Maiponeo’s ransom increase plan would also receive support.

The ransom demanded from the Spiritual Race would increase again. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui could tell that Cai Shaochu was furious. His hands were trembling, and his aura fluctuated.

“A bunch of bastards, I don’t agree!” Cai Shaochu flipped the table and left.

“Yes, as the deputy commander-in-chief of the extra-terrestrial of the Blue Star, I have one vote of veto over all plans and suggestions! I object to this plan!” Wei Bin’s voice sounded.

The ransom exchange plan and the ransom increase plan were rejected by Wei Bin. The consultation meeting reached another stalemate. However, Maiponeo,

Nilab, and the others were not dejected. They even looked a little happy.

To a certain extent, they had achieved their goal.

Xu Tui was furious when he saw this scene.

Suddenly, Cai Shaochu, who had just left angrily, returned to the venue. His expression had returned to calm.

“Everyone, I have a compromise. I think we should split the exchange of captives into two parts.

“The first part was the exchange of captives from the Tower Asteroid! I suggested that we use a quasi-planet, Lei Xiang, two Transmutation Realm captives, and 10 Evolution Realm captives to exchange for the captives locked up in the Spiritual Race’s prison. The trading location would use the Tower Asteroid as the reference.

“As for the remaining captives, let the Spiritual Race exchange them for ransom. We’ll slowly talk to them and grind them down.” After saying that, Cai Shaochu tried his best to squeeze out a smile. “Everyone, consider my plan. It’s quite feasible. Everyone is very satisfied.”

“Let’s raise our hands and vote,” Raymont said again..