Chapter 1043 - Chapter 1043: The Different Situations Of The Captives And The Abnormal Movements In The Prison (3)

Chapter 1043: The Different Situations of the Captives and the Abnormal Movements in the Prison (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Friends from the Blue Star, how’s your research going on the exchange of captives? As you know, the prison here in the Spiritual Race is not a charity.

There’s also the matter of coming to the Tower Asteroid. It will definitely go off at some point.

“It’s not a big problem for our people. The key is that if your people accidentally detonate a three-phase thermal explosive, they’ll be finished.” Lei Qian placed her hands on her waist. Although she had a big stomach, she still exuded a charming aura.

On the Blue Star, the person who spoke to the Spiritual Race was Old Cai.

Old Cai’s identity and strength were obvious. Actually, there was someone who had a higher status than Old Cai, Erera from the European Sector. However, the matter of Erera’s brain being sacrificed to the heavens and changing her chest was no longer a secret. Everyone treated Erera as a nuclear warhead.

“Miss Lei Qian, the exchange is certain. However, as you know, the level of the quantum portal on the Blue Star is rather low. Some of the captives are still transporting from the Moon and Mars to the Manut asteroid. The transportation will take some time.

“Moreover, there are still two most important problems that we have not come to an agreement on. The trading location and trading method,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Mr. Cai, I’ve said it before. We’ll do as you say, but we’ll decide on the location.”

“No, I personally feel that the trading method, the agreement between the two sides, and the trading location have to be approved by both sides,” Cai Shaochu insisted.

“We can discuss it. You can take out the exchange plan that you approve of. We’ll see if we can accept it.” Lei Qian was very calm. She took a sip of water as she discussed.

Judging from the negotiations, this woman was very capable. It looked like she was backing down, but in reality, she was not backing down at all.

“Alright, I’ll pass you our new captive exchange plan later. However, before I pass it to you, I hope to confirm the situation of our people again,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Yes, a reasonable request. However, I have to remind you that we treat captives the same way as you. We are not friendly. I hope you don’t mind,” Lei Qian said.

Cai Shaochu nodded. @@novelbin@@

A minute later, the video conference was split into three screens. In the three screens, one was still the temporary underground base that had come to Tower Asteroid. The Spiritual Race should have taken it with unmanned equipment.

The moment the image cut in, Qu Qingshan, who was guarding the entrance, roared. The dozens of people behind him immediately acted as if they were facing a great enemy.

Wen Shao, who had horns on his head, was hugging the three-phase thermal explosive to sleep. When he heard the roar, he rolled over. He was still holding the three-phase thermal explosive in his arms. He let out an unconscious roar and even took a few steps forward with the three-phase thermal explosive.

Xu Tui frowned.

This was a state of high mental anxiety. If this continued, the enemy might break down before they could kill their way in. It was really possible for them to detonate the three-phase thermal bomb.

Seeing this, Qu Qingshan, who had a scraggly beard but a bright forehead, slapped the back of Wen Shao’s head. “F*ck, why are you crazy?

After being slapped, Wen Shao woke up from his sleep. He was stunned for a moment before he carried the three-phase thermal explosive and retreated to the position. As he retreated, he scolded, “You baldie, can’t you keep your voice down?”

“If I’m not loud, can you wake up?”

“You scared me so much that my hands trembled. I almost detonated this thing. ”

“Then detonate it. You’ll be free!”

Wen Shao smiled bitterly.

Everyone who participated in the meeting smiled bitterly.

“This is the situation of this batch of exchange captives. It’s not bad at the moment, but I don’t know how long their food and water can last. I estimate that it won’t be long. It’s not our business if they starve to death.” This was Lei

Qian’s voice. “As for the other batch of captives, they won’t starve to death, but we don’t know how long they can last.”

The other image was a very formal prison tunnel. On both sides of the tunnel were very contrite small prison cells. There were hundreds of them. The image changed and arrived at two… interrogation rooms!

In the interrogation room, two fair-skinned Blue Star humans were hung upside down. Their bodies were covered in blood, and their faces were twisted and terrifying. The interrogation room was filled with all kinds of novel torture devices.

“Although they might really not know the information we need, we don’t want to give up. Perhaps their unintentional instructions will provide us with key information! Yes, the matter of interrogation is actually quite interesting.” Lei Qian smiled.

Cai Shaochu and the participants present all had gloomy expressions.

Requesting the Spiritual Race to treat their captives well? How naive! Many of the Spiritual Race members captured by the Blue Star had been dissected, their blood drawn, and their tissues taken.

The split screen changed from the interrogation room to the entire prison passageway. The image was played there. The theme of the meeting once again entered the entanglement of the details of the trading method and location.

Xu Tui listened to Lei Qian and Cai Shaochu bicker as he watched another screen. On that screen, Qu Qingshan’s bald head was extremely cute. Wen Shao’s horn was very annoying. It made Xu Tui want to jump in and break it off for him. This was because sometimes, the horn would block An Xiaoxue, preventing Xu Tui from seeing her.

Xu Tui could only see An Xiaoxue flash past the image when Wen Shao shook his head occasionally.

An annoying horn.

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s gaze shifted.

On the other screen, the image seemed to be a little wrong. Why was there a wave-like light blue light at the end of the floor of the prison tunnel, which was also the entrance of the prison? More accurately, a wave-like light blue light was slowly gushing in from the prison door.

After a large wave surged in, it slowly squirmed in the corner with the shadow like a squirming water monster.

Lei Qian and Lei Gen, who were in the other negotiation room, did not notice it at all.

What was this? What was the Spiritual Race playing at?

Xu Tui had a surprised expression. He looked to the side and realized that many of the people participating in the meeting had surprised expressions.

Clearly, they were also very surprised by the blue water monster.

Old Cai frowned slightly. He also did not know what had happened. At the same time, the ball of blue light that was squirming on the ground suddenly moved. In an instant, the entire prison tunnel shone with water..