Chapter 1047 - Chapter 1047: Huge Ransom And Raising Hands To Vote (2)

Chapter 1047: Huge Ransom and Raising Hands to Vote (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui thought about it and first contacted Zhu Lang. Then, he contacted Lieutenant General Wei Bin through Zhu Lang.

Lieutenant General Wei Bin was also a participant.

“Xu Tui, don’t be anxious. I can tell you clearly that An Xiaoxue and Qu

Qingshan’s current situation is still very stable. There are no accidents. The Spiritual Race is still negotiating the exchange of captives. There’s a problem within us.” He was not a stranger to Lieutenant General Wei Bin. He went straight to the point.

“General Wei, what’s wrong with our internal affairs?”

Hearing this, Wei Bin sighed.

“I see. The meeting is about to begin. I have to participate too. This matter can’t be explained in a few words! In a while, I’ll forward the real scene of the meeting to you at the same time. You’ll understand after watching it for a while, ” Wei Bin said.

“Alright, thank you, General Wei!”

Wei Bin did not say anything. He nodded and hung up. A minute later, the situation of the captive exchange meeting was forwarded by Wei Bin.

The people participating in the meeting were still the people from January 1st. However, they did not have a long-range consultation with Lei Qian from the Spiritual Race. Instead, the Blue Star humans were having a closed-door meeting.

Soon, Xu Tui could tell what was going on. His expression became ugly.

The reason was the internal strife in the Spiritual Race’s prison, causing the 126 Blue Star humans to be captured. Only 13 of them survived. Including the captives from the Huaxia Sector who had come to Tower Asteroid, there were only 34 of them.

This caused the higher-ups of the Blue Star Sector Seven to think that the previous exchange plan was too unreasonable.

They had to change the exchange plan or ask the Spiritual Race to increase the ransom and transfer some high-tech technology.

Currently, there were only 34 pioneer raiders on the Blue Star who were controlled by the Spiritual Race. Most of the people in the prison were crippled.

Among the remaining people, there were three Transmutation Realm experts (who had broken through during the battle of the pioneer raiders). The other 31 people were all at the Evolution Realm.

On the other hand, what about the captives that the Spiritual Race wanted to exchange?

“Two quasi-planets, seven Transmutation Realms, and 17 Evolution Realms. Most of them were Lei Tian’s blood relatives. Their value was even more different.

There was also Lei Xiang, who was between the quasi-planetary realm and the Transmutation Realm.

It was also because of this that the six organizations, namely the America, India, Europe, Africa, Huaya Sector 7, and The Myth, felt that they had to change the number of exchanges. @@novelbin@@

The number of captives that the Spiritual Race currently had could only be exchanged for four Transmutation Realm and 17 Evolution Realm captives.

As for the two most important quasi-planets of the Spiritual Race, Lei Xiang, and the other two Transmutation Realm experts, the Spiritual Race had to pay a huge ransom according to the Blue Star’s request.

The ransom requested shocked Xu Tui.

The two quasi-planets and Lei Xiang each requested them to pay 50,000 grams of Origin Crystals, a ton of Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy, and a designated technology.

The other three Transmutation Realm experts each received 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals and a ton of Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

Other than that, the trading location had to be designated by the Blue Star humans.

The reason was simple.

From the looks of it, there might be a huge problem with the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Tian. There might even be a problem with the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary.

This was also the fundamental reason why Lei Tian was anxious to redeem the people of the Thunder Division. So they had to take the opportunity to ask for a high ransom and some key technologies.

Otherwise, wouldn’t letting the quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race return strengthen the strength of the forward operating base, Lei Tian?

There had to be a high ransom!

In fact, this plan had been suggested during the consultation with the Spiritual Race’s Lei Qian on January 3rd. However, it had been firmly rejected by Lei

Qian.

It was just one word—impossible!

On the other hand, the thoughts of the Blue Star became more and more determined.

This was especially so for the American Sector, the European Sector, and the India Sector. They were extremely determined on this point. The Huaya Sector 7 and The Myth also stood on the American Sector’s side.

Only the Huaxia Sector insisted on exchanging according to the original plan.

Xu Tui, who had come back to his senses, was about to explode from anger.

Why did the American Sector and the other sectors change their attitude? Change the exchange plan?

Actually, the fundamental reason was not that there was a problem within the

Spiritual Race. It was because during the internal strife in the Spiritual Race Prison that day, the elites of the American Sector, the European Sector, and the India Sector were all locked up at the prison.

Most of them had died in the internal strife.

There was no value in exchanging anymore. Among the remaining 13 people who could be exchanged, there were only a few people in each sector. Of the 21 people who had come to the underground base of Tower Asteroid and relied on the three-phase thermal bombs to defend, 18 of them were from the Huaxia Sector.

To put it bluntly, the other alliances felt that the previous exchange plan was no longer valuable to them. That was why they had to re-establish the trading plan.

There was even a Planetary powerhouse from the India Sector, Asid, who had already proposed a huge ransom distribution plan based on the number of captives exchanged.

Areas with more captives would receive very little ransom. Areas without more captives could obtain more ransom.

Xu Tui could smell blood in the corner of his mouth when he heard that.

These bastards, could they have any shame? Could they have any bottom line?

Xu Tui felt like he was about to explode. But he did not explode. He was just watching the live broadcast. He could not explode. However, Cai Shaochu, who was at the venue, exploded on the spot.

Slamming the table, Cai Shaochu pointed at the nose of the Planetary powerhouse from the India Sector, Asid, and cursed, “Do you have any shame? Do you believe that I’ll hammer you now? We have not even exchanged the people back, but you are already dividing the ransom!”