Chapter 1045 - Chapter 1045: Civil War And Lang Fanyun ‘S Decision (2)

Chapter 1045: Civil War and Lang Fanyun ‘s Decision (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

One thing was certain. In a chaotic battle, there would definitely be heavy casualties.

There were originally 126 captives in the prison. How many of them could survive this accidental conflict?

It was hard to say! It all depends on how intense the internal strife of the Spiritual Race was this time. However, there was no doubt that this accident had cast a shadow on the captive exchange.

It was also at this moment that Lei Qian, who had entered an emergency because of an unexpected incident, remembered that she was still connected to the Blue Star Negotiation Team.

Returning to the video, Lei Qian did not panic at all, much less feel awkward. She held her pregnant stomach, and smoothed out the sweat-soaked hair on her forehead. She said to the higher-ups of the Blue Star, “Gentlemen, I’ve said it before. There are really many accidents after a long time. Look, an accident really happened.

“I’m not sure how many captives of the Blue Star can survive after being released as guns. The intensity of this chaotic battle was the most difficult to control. Okay, that’s all for today. We’ll talk tomorrow. Let me remind you one last time. In order to prevent another accident from happening, if you still have the sincerity to exchange for captives, you’d better hurry up. Who knows which will be faster, an accident or tomorrow!”

With that, Lei Qian hung up. The three screens were all dark. In the meeting room, the higher-ups of the Blue Star who were participating had serious expressions.

This matter was unlucky!

The exchange of captives had already entered the main topic. It was estimated that the final exchange of captives would take place in the next ten days.

However, after the commotion caused by Lang Fanyun within the Spiritual

Race, the Blue Star humans were at a disadvantage.

Why did they say that?

Due to the same exchange, they could exchange all 126 captives in this prison before this happened.

These were the elites of the Blue Star. But what happened after this happened? After exchanging for captives, how many captives could be exchanged in this prison?

A hundred?

Ninety?

Eighty?

Or less?

However, no matter how many captives they could exchange for, as long as the number decreased, the Blue Star would be at a disadvantage.

Xu Tui was invited out of the emergency consultation between the higher-ups. However, there were not many results from the emergency consultations within the Spiritual Race. The final conclusion was the same as Xu Tui’s judgment.

That was to wait. They would continue the discussion after they contacted the Spiritual Race again and confirmed the casualties of the Blue Star captives in the Spiritual Race prison incident.

Of course, to many politicians, they did not care too much about the number of casualties. What they were thinking was what conditions they could use to raise with the Spiritual Race.

If he took another step forward, what kind of impact would the internal strife in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base have on the future situation in the asteroid belt or even the solar system?

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui and Bu Qingqiu could only wait no matter how anxious they were.

The only fortunate thing was that Qu Qingshan, An Xiaoxue, and the others were not implicated in this internal strife of the Spiritual Race.

On Planet Kono, in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, a bolt of lightning suddenly exploded in front of the prison. The commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian, had returned.

There were corpses everywhere outside the prison. However, most of them were the corpses of the Blue Star humans. There were also a small number of corpses of the Spiritual Race.

Lei Tian’s expression was dark. He looked like he was in a bad mood.

In less than two minutes, Lei Qian and Lei Gen arrived.

Seeing the pregnant Lei Qian, Lei Tian’s gloomy expression improved slightly. He quickly went forward to help Lei Qian up, but Lei Qian explained first.

“Sir, we weren’t careful enough. I didn’t expect Lang Fanyun to sneak back and save them in the chaos. Lang Fanyun was too strong. The people I urgently sent were used by him to kill the Blue Star humans. I didn’t manage to capture them. They escaped.”

Lei Tian shook his head. “It has nothing to do with you. Lang Fanyun is too cunning. He even hid it from Lei Hong, who was staring at him. He should have known about it a long time ago. He was just enduring it and acted up today.”

“Sir, we let Lang Fanyun and the others escape. Once they contact the Sanctuary, I’m afraid we’ll be in big trouble!” Lei Gen looked worried.

“There’s no need to be too worried. The way the people from the Water and Fire Divisions can contact the Sanctuary has either been destroyed by us or searched by us. Without an effective communication tool, they won’t be able to contact the Sanctuary for a long time,” Lei Qian said.

“However, the only accident is Lang Fanyun. A Planetary powerhouse might be able to find a way to contact the Sanctuary in a short period of time,” Lei Qian said.

Actually, this was what Lei Tian was worried about.

Lei Tian was not worried about the others, be it Lang Ju or Yanzi.

Under the current circumstances, even if Lei Tian let Yanzi and Lang Ju go and allowed them to do whatever they wanted, it would be difficult for them to contact the Sanctuary in a short period of time.

However, Lang Fanyun was different.

“I’ll bring Lei Hong to chase after him! There are only a few spots that Lang

Fanyun might have set up over the years. If they’re destroyed, even if he’s a Planetary powerhouse, it won’t be easy to contact the Sanctuary again in this boundless space.”

“You’ve worked hard, Sir.”

“Be careful not to be too agitated.” When Lei Tian looked at Lei Qian’s stomach, the murderous aura in his eyes instantly turned gentle. Lei Gen, who was at the side, was stunned. “Leave this to Lei Gen to clean up. Hurry up and rest for a while. ”

“Sir, there’s one more thing. I’m afraid there will be some variables in the exchange of captives with the Blue Star! The Blue Star captives in the prison were deliberately chased out by Lang Fanyun and fled. They suffered heavy casualties,” Lei Qian reported.

“It’s fine. Aren’t there still a batch of captives? There are a lot of them over there. Just continue to negotiate with them!”

At the same time that Lei Qian nodded, lightning flashed and Lei Tian disappeared.

At the same time, near Planet Kono, Lang Fanyun, who had just escaped, suddenly stopped. He said to Lang Ju and Yanzi behind him, “Alright, from this moment on, let’s split up and escape. After we split up, anyone who has the chance to contact the Sanctuary will contact them immediately and report everything that happened here to the Sanctuary.”

As soon as these words were spoken, Lang Ju and Yanzi were a little shocked.

“Sir, why did you split up with us? Are you afraid that we will drag you down?” “No, I’m not afraid that you’ll drag me down, but I’ll drag you down!”

Lang Ju and Yanzi were puzzled. @@novelbin@@

“I understand Lei Tian. Lei Tian also understands me. He’s even more afraid of a Planetary powerhouse like me! Lei Tian might let you off, but he will definitely not let me off! He might even come after me personally! Therefore, you will only be unlucky if you follow me next. It will be safer for you to leave separately,” Lang Fanyun said.

“Lord Lang, if Lei Tian chases over, then you…” Yanzi was a little worried.

“Don’t worry. Even if Lei Tian catches up to me, it won’t be that easy to kill me! On the other hand, you have to wander in this universe from now on. You have to be united. Be careful. Don’t trust anyone easily.”

After giving a few instructions, Lang Fanyun turned into a stream of water and disappeared into the distance. Yanzi and Lang Ju flew in another direction with their few subordinates..