Chapter 1054 - Chapter 1054: Method And Breakthrough (2)

Chapter 1054: Method and Breakthrough (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Kid, don’t put such a high hat on me. I’m not omnipotent. Take it easy. You have to take it easy. Slow down the pace a little more.” Cai Shaochu instructed, but his mind power entered Xu Tui’s body again.

The results of the second method were more direct. In less than 30 seconds, Xu Tui felt his head swell like a drum. Blood gushed out of his seven orifices. Just as he felt that his head was about to explode, the words ‘seal’ and ‘fix’ surged into Xu Tui’s head again and stopped.

Then, as time passed, his head slowly became comfortable.

rlWventy minutes later, the principal said, “Let’s do it for the third time.”

“Spread out your mental body’s star core. In that case, the progress will be slower, but the backlash will also be lighter,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Yes, Principal, the third method.”

The third attempt at the method went smoothly. Just as Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu thought that they were about to succeed, Xu Tui suddenly felt a loud bang in his head and he lost consciousness.

He fainted on the spot.

The moment Xu Tui’s body changed, the words “fix” and “seal” that Cai Shaochu had been waiting for surged into his body at the same time. As a result, the blood that spurted out of Xu Tui’s seven orifices entered a strange frozen state.

It was as if the slow-motion image had been stopped.

Cai Shaochu’s forehead was covered in sweat when he saw the unconscious Xu Tui. He could sense that Xu Tui’s mental body was stable.

It was fortunate.

At this moment, Cai Shaochu felt a little scared. He had done so many preparations in the early stages. First, he deduced the selection method over and over again, then he deduced the mind power sand box.

Now that his physical body was actually cultivating, he was risking his life. @@novelbin@@

Cai Shaochu suspected that if not for the fact that Xu Tui had powerful control over his mental body and his mental perception was extremely strong, coupled with his intervention, the Seal Formula, and the Fix Formula, Xu Tui would have died three times.

He would die at least twice and be severely injured once.

This third attempt made Xu Tui faint for a full 20 minutes before he woke up.

However, Xu Tui had no choice but to interrupt this attempt when he fainted. His mental body was slightly shaken. He also felt a dull pain when he tried to circulate the genetic ability chain of the mental whip. “Principal, I need to recover. I’ll call you later.”

“Alright, don’t force yourself.”

After Cai Shaochu left, Xu Tui entered the deepest sleep through meditation. Therefore, he recovered the fastest from his injuries in a deep sleep.

At five o’clock in the morning on the 9th of January, Xu Tui sent a message to Cai Shaochu. Cai Shaochu arrived at Xu Tui’s cultivation room.

He tried the fourth method. There were no accidents when he tried the fourth method. It did not make Xu Tui faint, but the result was ineffective.

If he cultivated according to the fourth method, all the power would be absorbed into the Great Genetic Ring Chain. It would not be able to form an internal interconnected multi-ring genetic chain.

Not long after, he began the fifth method.

Xu Tui was a little worried when he tried the fifth method. Currently, there were only six methods selected. If all six methods failed, it meant that Xu Tui would not be able to break through to the Transmutation Realm in a short period of time.

He had to accumulate it slowly according to traditional methods.

Xu Tui was a little nervous.

“Don’t be nervous!” Cai Shaochu seemed to have seen through Xu Tui’s thoughts. “Actually, with your current situation, I personally think that you will be able to break through to the Transmutation Realm in at most three years. It would be a good thing if you could experiment with a way to break through quickly. If you could not, there was no need to be nervous. You have to calm down. Avoiding danger is the first priority.”

The fifth method was deduced by Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu. It was one of the shortcuts based on the characteristics of the traditional self-accumulation and breakthrough method.

The traditional method of self-accumulation to break through to the Transmutation Realm could be described in a few words—a drop of water piercing through a rock! It was also like a kettle. Through continuous cultivation and continuous injection of water, it would swell and break. It was equivalent to a breakthrough.

One of Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui’s deduction theories was to artificially facilitate this effect.

The previous four methods also had a similar principle, but they failed.

It went smoothly at first.

“The power barrier in the first chain has been built. Alright, absorb the energy.

Input the energy in a direction. Pay attention to the speed.” Half an hour later, Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes. “Principal, I feel that it’s not enough to establish a power separation barrier in the genetic chain.”

“Then establish a power separation barrier in the second chain. However, you have to slow down the absorption of energy later.”

“The power separation barrier in the second chain has been built. Beginning to absorb energy.”

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu did research and carried out and recorded every step. If they could succeed, they would be able to lay a good foundation for future promotion. Twenty minutes later, Xu Tui opened his eyes again. “Principal, I think that we need to establish a power separation barrier in the third chain. The energy density in the chain is still not enough.”

“Continue. ”

After using his powerful mind power to establish a three -layered power barrier in the genetic ability chain of the mental whip, it was as if he had established a three-layered power dam in the genetic ability chain. The power in the chain stopped circulating.

However, under Xu Tui’s continuous absorption of energy, energy continued to enter a portion of the area.

The three layers of power separation barrier in the chains divided Xu Tui’s genetic ability chain into four areas. One area had four genetic base points, one area had three genetic base points, and the other two areas had two genetic base points.

Xu Tui’s main attack was the area where the hammer-shaped main genetic base point was. There were a total of two genetic base points.

Under the strong guidance of Xu Tui’s mind power, all the energy that his mind power could affect entered this area.

Forty minutes later, Xu Tui felt an inexplicable pain. The two genetic base points in this area were golden and shiny. They had clearly become larger, making Xu Tui very uncomfortable.

From time to time, he would feel like it was about to burst.

“How is it? Don’t force yourself if you can’t do it.”

“Principal, do most people feel like they have this swelling feeling when they break through from the Evolution Realm to the Transmutation Realm?”

“That’s right. In the Blue Star records, more than 80% of the cultivators have a physical sensation when they break through.”

“I feel that I’m still one step away!” “Don’t take the risk.”

“I want to try. Be prepared at all times.”

Cai Shaochu was speechless, but he expressed his support with his actions. He opened his right hand like an orchid. Between his fingers, the words ‘fix’, ‘seal’, and ‘quiet’ began to jump on his fingertips.

Just as Xu Tui had said, he was always prepared.

Xu Tui increased the absorption of energy.

Ten minutes passed, 20 minutes passed, half an hour passed, and an hour passed. The increasing pain became more and more intense. Xu Tui felt that the two genetic base points were about to explode, but he did not feel like they were about to explode.

Xu Tui felt that something was missing.

It was a little lacking. Anyway, it was a little lacking.

“It feels a little lacking?” Cai Shaochu frowned. “You tried your mental whip genetic ability chain, right?”

“Yes.”

“This is related to mind power. Try absorbing the power in a mind power Origin

Crystal and use your mind power to attack it.”

“Alright.”

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui took out a I-gram mind power Origin Crystal and absorbed the energy inside. The energy in the silver-white mind power Origin Crystal immediately turned into pure mind power when it entered his body. It was guided by Xu Tui into the two genetic base points.

At that moment, Xu Tui felt as if sparks had come from a powder keg. The massive amount of energy that he had accumulated previously was instantly detonated.

The main genetic base point of the mental whip genetic ability chain instantly deformed from the impact.

Under this impact, Xu Tui’s eyes and ears bled again. His head swelled, but he was very clear-headed.

The moment he saw Xu Tui bleed, the word ‘seal’ and ‘fix’ surged out of Cai Shaochu’s fingertips and was about to rush into Xu Tui’s head.

“No, Principal!” Xu Tui roared in his consciousness.

The word ‘seal’ and ‘fix’ stopped at Xu Tui’s forehead. They almost surged in.

In his introspection, the main genetic base point that had expanded and deformed had directly pushed out a short energy tunnel by the energy expansion and instantly connected to another genetic base point.

It was the first interconnected multi-loop chain inside the genetic ability chain.

He had successfully broken through!