Chapter 1056 - Chapter 1056: Master Shen Jiushuang And White Hair Overnight (1)

Chapter 1056: Master Shen Jiushuang and White Hair Overnight (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The sudden appearance of a figure shocked Xu Tui.

Over the past few days, Xu Tui had been planning and preparing for the Underhand Switch. His mental state was extremely tense. He felt that something was wrong and lashed out with his Mental Vibrating Whip.

He only recognized the woman after he whipped her. It was Bu Qingqiu. However, the whip had already been whipped.

Bu Qingqiu did not expect Xu Tui’s reaction to be so intense. She was whipped by Xu Tui. However, she then frowned slightly. The human figure formed by the water wave swayed. It almost dispersed.

“Miss Bu?”

“You… Did you break through?” Bu Qingqiu, who had been affected by the whip, looked at Xu Tui in shock. “So fast? It hasn’t been half a year since you broke through to the Evolution Realm, right?”

“It’s not a complete breakthrough. I had a small breakthrough.”

Bu Qingqiu was a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse. Although she was the incarnation of water, the whip that Xu Tui had pulled out in a hurry could affect her. This meant that Xu Tui’s strength could already affect a quasi-planetary realm.

“Miss Bu, what are you doing?

Xu Tui’s confusion reminded Bu Qingqiu of the serious matter she had been waiting for here today. However, she did not answer. Instead, she asked, “By the way, why are you so nervous? I just appeared, but you attacked. It was a fatal attack. What are you nervous about?”

Xu Tui was tongue-tied. “Miss Bu, isn’t this normal? If you change rooms and suddenly have another man, are you afraid?”

“But you’re a man. What are you afraid of when another woman suddenly appears?”

“But I’m afraid.”

Bu Qingqiu: ‘

“Then answer me. Why did you withdraw from the Worldly Special Force so completely?” Bu Qingqiu asked.

This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to be speechless. He could not answer this question.

“Miss Bu, that’s my private matter. If there’s nothing else, I’m going to rest.” Xu Tui chased her away.

“You sure are cautious. It looks like Qingshan has a good eye for choosing disciples,” Bu Qingqiu said as she sized Xu Tui up.

Xu Tui wanted to say that he was not Qu Qingshan’s disciple, but he could not refute those words. Qu Qingshan had personally taught Xu Tui the abilities of the School of General Senses.

“Let’s go together.” Bu Qingqiu’s words were shocking.

Xu Tui sized Bu Qingqiu up from head to toe. His gaze lingered on Bu Qingqiu’s flat chest for a second. Anger immediately appeared in Bu Qingqiu’s eyes. Xu Tui quickly said, “Miss Bu, you are indeed very beautiful, but really…”

“What are you talking about!”

Bu Qingqiu widened her eyes. A ball of water suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mouth.

Water Explosion!

This f*cking Water Explosion Technique was too ruthless! This explosion was extremely stimulating.

Without hesitation, Xu Tui used the Mental Vibrating Whip to slap his mouth again. With the whip, the water dissipated. Bu Qingqiu was stunned again. “Why are you so nervous?”

“You want to use the Water Explosion Technique to explode my mouth. How can I not be nervous?”

“I’m asking you to shut up. Who wants to explode your mouth?” Suddenly, Bu

Qingqiu was stunned. ‘You know about the Water Explosion Technique? Did Qingshan teach it to you, or did you read it in the notes?”

“On the notes.” @@novelbin@@

“It looks like Qingshan thinks more highly of you than I imagined. Then let’s cut to the chase. Let’s go together.” Bu Qingqiu raised this topic again.

“Miss Bu…’

“Don’t beat around the bush. You know what I’m talking about. I already know what you want to do, so I want to go with you,” Bu Qingqiu said.

Xu Tui was speechless. Cold sweat seeped out of his forehead. He had only discussed the plan with Cai Shaochu. He could not figure out how Bu Qingqiu knew. If Bu Qingqiu could tell, did that mean…

“Miss Bu, how did you know?”

“You really want to do that?” Bu Qingqiu had a surprised expression.

Xu Tui was completely speechless. He had been careless. He had been tricked out.

Originally, Bu Qingqiu might have only been a little suspicious and had wanted to give it a try. But now, he was tricked into giving the truth. However, Xu Tui did not panic. It would not be a problem for Bu Qingqiu to know. He was not worried that she would tell on him. Because of Qu Qingshan, Bu Qingqiu was definitely on his side.

“Miss Bu, I’ll handle this matter. You shouldn’t get involved. It won’t do you any good.”

“Is it beneficial to you? Xu Tui, you have to do one thing as well as possible! I’ll only say one thing. Listen carefully. I don’t know what your plan is. I only have a general guess. However, you and I know very well that as long as your plan begins to be implemented, you will definitely face enemies in the quasi-planetary and planetary realm.

“With my participation, it will fill up your shortcoming in terms of strength to a certain extent! My strength is very strong. With my participation, your plan will have a higher chance of success! I hope you’ll consider it carefully. Let’s do it together! My original intention and goal is to save Qu Qingshan!” Bu Qingqiu said.

Xu Tui was silent. After a while, he said, “Miss Bu, you have to know that once you step onto my path, you will not be able to return. Once you take this step, it will be extremely difficult to return to the Blue Star as your original identity.”

“I don’t have much to worry about on the Blue Star. My parents have long passed away. I don’t have any siblings or worries. I didn’t have a way home a long time ago,” Bu Qingqiu said sadly..