Chapter 1053 - Chapter 1053: Method And Breakthrough (1)

Chapter 1053: Method and Breakthrough (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the 8th of January, Xu Tui was doing the most important preparation work—he was cultivating all day.

Xu Tui handed all the matters related to the purchase of supplies to Ah Huang.

The most important preparation work that he had to do was to break through. He had to break through to the Transmutation Realm in a short period of time.

If Xu Tui could break through to the Transmutation Realm, the possibility of his plan succeeding would increase greatly. If he could not break through, it would be extremely difficult.

This was not an alarmist.

Under Xu Tui’s current strange strength, it would not be a problem for him to kill a Transmutation Realm expert with his strength at the peak of the Evolution Realm. If he combined it with the elementary multidimensional sword that he had recently comprehended, it would be very easy to kill.

However, he had to rely on the three-phase thermal bomb when he encountered a quasi-planet.

There were actually many quasi-planetary powerhouses in the asteroid belt. However, there were a limited number of Planetary powerhouses. @@novelbin@@

Of course, even if Xu Tui broke through to the Transmutation Realm in a short period of time, he would still not be able to defeat a quasi-planet.

There was a qualitative difference between a quasi-planetary and a Transmutation Realm.

One had the prototype of a power star core, while the other was a genetic ability chain. However, if Xu Tui broke through to the Transmutation Realm, there was a high chance that he would have a chance to deal with a quasi-planet. He would not be instantly killed at any time.

As long as he could deal with it, he would have a chance!

Moreover, Xu Tui felt that his strength might increase even more if he broke through to the Transmutation Realm.

For example, under normal circumstances, a large saber could only unleash the corresponding lethality in the hands of an adult around the age of 18.

The problem was, if this saber landed in the hands of a three-year-old or a

ten-year-old, who would be more lethal?

It would be the ten-year-old child.

Xu Tui felt that the Planetary realm’s mental body star core was this saber. The cultivation of the Evolution Realm and Transmutation Realm corresponded to a three-year-old and a ten-year-old, respectively.

Xu Tui wants to break through before the battle to complete the transition from a three-year-old to a ten-year-old.

During this period of time, he had come up with hundreds of ways to quickly break through from the Evolution Realm to the Transmutation Realm, which was to quickly build the genetic ability chain of the Evolution Realm into an internal interconnected multi-ring chain.

Over the past few days, Xu Tui had tried to deduce it one by one with the mind power sand box. He had only selected six feasible methods.

Although it was a method that had been screened, it only had a 70% success rate. Moreover, the remaining 30% represented danger.

This kind of cultivation that involved the head was usually only o and 1. Survival and death. If he was not careful, he would be finished!

Even Xu Tui did not dare to try it out.

Cai Shaochu had created the mind power sand box for so many years. Although the speed at which he constructed the mind power sand box was very slow, he had long deduced a relevant cultivation shortcut.

However, he did not do it!

It was mainly because the danger of this final physical deduction was too great.

But Xu Tui had to.

However, he had invited Cai Shaochu to protect him.

Xu Tui used his extremely powerful mental perception and introspection to monitor his body and mind at all times. Then, he hypnotized himself that Cai Shaochu was one with him. It allowed Cai Shaochu’s mind power to enter Xu Tui’s body unobstructed and observe his condition at any time.

Xu Tui no longer cared if it was a secret.

If Cai Shaochu could see the fire slip, then so be it. In any case, most of Xu Tui’s secrets were told to Old Cai. However, he still cursed when Old Cai’s mind power entered Xu Tui’s body and began to observe his condition.

“F*ck, so you’re a freak here. No wonder you’re so strong. Not to mention ordinary Transmutation Realm experts, even veteran Transmutation Realm experts might not be as strong as you.” Old Cai sighed.

“The cultivation method of the Genetic Miracle is indeed extraordinary. However, it’s not suitable for most people.” Old Cai sighed again.

“Principal, it’s about to begin.”

“Yes, I’m ready. Let’s begin.”

Under the surveillance of Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu’s dual senses, Xu Tui began to try the first method. In less than two minutes, Xu Tui felt an indescribable pain in his head. Even his mind power lost control.

Old Cai gently tapped Xu Tui’s forehead with his finger. A small word “seal” and “fix” immediately landed on Xu Tui’s head.

The pain instantly stopped. All the power in Xu Tui’s body stopped at this moment.

“Spread out your mind power and attention. My power will interfere with the power in your head. However, as long as you spread out your attention, the mind power that you circulated just now will slowly and naturally return to normal and end this attempt.”

Xu Tui blinked slightly to show that he understood. Next, Cai Shaochu put out two more ‘seal’ and ‘fix’. It took him a full half an hour to end this crisis.

The recklessness just now did not cause Xu Tui any substantial damage. However, he had lingering fears. If not for Old Cai’s help, Xu Tui would have been severely injured even if he did not die on the spot.

“Principal, continue.” “You’re continuing?

“That’s right.. Don’t I have you?”