Chapter 1055 - Chapter 1055: Withdraw From The Force And The Water Woman

Chapter 1055: Withdraw from the Force and the Water Woman

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“It’s done?”

Cai Shaochu was the first to sense Xu Tui’s abnormal aura.

Xu Tui nodded. His head was covered in sweat. It was quite risky to break through just now.

“Dissipate the power separation barrier of your genetic ability chain and activate your ability to see if it will disappear. I’ll sense the aura and see if it’s a real breakthrough or a fake breakthrough,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui was also a little nervous. If it disappeared, he would really vomit blood. Under his introspection, Xu Tui dispersed the three mental barriers that he had established with his powerful mind power in the genetic ability chain of the mental whip. Then, he held his breath.

A few seconds later, Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief.

It did not disperse! The interconnected multi-loop inner chain was still there.

Xu Tui sensed that the speed at which the power circulated in the genetic ability chain had increased slightly. However, the flow of power had increased significantly in an instant. The capacity of his power had also increased significantly as it continued to circulate.

This was the first time Xu Tui had clearly sensed the power capacity of the genetic ability chain in his long cultivation process.

Xu Tui suddenly reacted.

Was this probably because a Planetary powerhouse had become a star? At the same time, the flat radiation effect of the main genetic ability chain that had disappeared for a long time appeared again.

As it continued to circulate, the other genetic ability chains also had a slight enhancement effect, but the effect was very weak.

However, this improvement would be extremely considerable if it accumulated over time.

“Yes, you’ve definitely broken through. However, you should have only touched the threshold of the Transmutation Realm. You haven’t completely broken through. If you want to completely break through, you have to establish three or more internal circulation branches in your genetic ability chain,” Cai Shaochu said.

With Cai Shaochu’s affirmation, Xu Tui had successfully broken through this time. He had paved a path.

However, a few minutes later, Cai Shaochu re-examined the process and sighed. “This is a new path. Unfortunately, this new path is still not a common method that everyone can use. Only those who met certain conditions could use it. It still can’t be promoted.”

Cai Shaochu’s original intention was to find a popular and easy way to break throuqh from the peak of the Evolution Realm to the Transmutation Realm. If he could find it, the Huaxia Sector would be able to add tens of thousands of Transmutation Realm experts in a short period of time.

“Principal, in my experience, if I want to use this method to break through, I have to know introspection. Then, I have to have powerful mind power. It is indeed not in line with large-scale promotion.

“However, let’s change our train of thought. What if we have the help of external forces?” Xu Tui raised his idea.

“Assisted by external forces?” Cai Shaochu shook his head. “It’s very difficult! This kind of auxiliary breakthrough is the invasion of mind power. There are no secrets to speak of when a party is invaded, especially in terms of the physical body. It’s usually very difficult for people to accept it.”

“Didn’t I accept it?”

Cai Shaochu was speechless. In the next moment, Xu Tui thought that Cai Shaochu had given up. However, Cai Shaochu perked up. “You’re right. I can give it a try! What’s so unacceptable about two men? Can they become women?

It just so happened that I could try it on you! You do it, you break through!

However, you have to change the genetic ability chain.”

“Yes, this time, I want to try the genetic ability chain related to the energy field. In other words, I want to do a comprehensive test,” Xu Tui said.

“Sure.”

In the next moment, Cai Shaochu’s mind power entered Xu Tui’s body without any resistance. This made Old Cai very curious. “Kid, do you trust me that much? Under normal circumstances, even between husband and wife, it would be very difficult for me to let my mind power enter like you.”

“Can’t I hypnotize myself?”

“I’ll say. It looks like I have to try to cultivate abilities related to hypnosis in the future.”

Xu Tui did not have many choices for the energy field genetic ability chain. His first choice was the Vajra Tide Return Shield.

Having extremely strong mental perception was also one of the conditions for external assistance.

Under Xu Tui’s vibrations, Old Cai’s mind power spent some time establishing a three-layer power separation barrier on Xu Tui’s Vajra Tide Return Shield genetic ability chain. Then, he absorbed a large amount of energy. Everything went smoothly, but he still encountered the same problem as before.

The main genetic base point expanded to the extreme, but it could not extend the inner chain.

In the end, he used an Energy Field Origin Crystal with the same attribute to break through.

This was another conclusion.

In the end, he had to use Origin Crystals of the corresponding attributes to complete the final breakthrough.

The last Origin Crystals he used were all unnatural.

Actually, it was only an Origin Crystal condensed after the death of an expert above the Transmutation Realm.

“Not bad. It can be considered as broadening the application of this invention. Although there are still many restrictions, the application range is at least wider than before. Under suitable circumstances, it would not be a problem to create a few more Transmutation Realm experts. Especially in the military.” Cai Shaochu was very satisfied.

“However, you cultivated a branch ability of the Vajra Tide Force Field just now, right?” Cai Shaochu suddenly frowned.

“Yes, Principal.”

“It’s too weak.”

“You call that weak?” Xu Tui was stunned. “The Vajra Tide Force Field is one of the secret techniques of genetic ancient martial arts. I’ve already cultivated to the fourth level! Its defense is very strong, and it has a certain level of offensive power. It’s very strong.”

‘You learned it on the Blue Star, right?”

“Yes, I learned from Shen Jiushuang, Mr. Shen.” Xu Tui’s expression became a little heavy when he mentioned Old Master Shen.

“Yes, Shen Jiushuang. I’ve offered him flowers before. He’s a good man! However, the Vajra Tide Force Field he cultivates is actually the initial version,” Cai Shaochu said.

“The initial version?”

“The invention and perfection of the Vajra Tide Force Field has always been carried out in the extra-terrestrial. After it was spread to the Blue Star back then, the cultivators of the Vajra Tide Force Field have been constantly improving it through actual combat and cultivation.

“As far as I know, it has been improved to the seventh generation. What you cultivate should be the second-generation version,” Cai Shaochu said.

“The version is so different?” Xu Tui was stunned. “Principal, how much difference can there be in power?”

“It’s also similar to the version.”

“It’s also four to five times worse?”

“That’s not the case, but it’s indeed different! The foundation of Li Qingping, who is said to be indestructible, is the constantly improving Vajra Tide Force Field,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Alright. I’ll learn it when I have the chance.”

That was the only way for now. Only a few people had ever mastered the most advanced knowledge. This was very normal.

“What about you? When do you plan to take action?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“I successfully broke through. The most important problem has been resolved. I’ll stabilize and improve again. I’m prepared to start taking action the day after tomorrow. It’s better to do this sooner than later,” Xu Tui said.

“The day after tomorrow?” After pondering for a moment, Cai Shaochu said, “Postpone it for another day, do it on January 12th. I’ll make some preparations.”

“Principal, what are you preparing for?” @@novelbin@@

“You’ll know when the time comes.”

“Alright.”

Cai Shaochu left.

Xu Tui did not stay idle. He began to cultivate. At this moment, every time his strength increased, his ability to face danger in the future would increase. Then, Xu Tui slowly understood how much of a hack he had used with Cai Shaochu during his self-cultivation.

According to the statistics of the Blue Star, the shortest time a Transmutation Realm expert could establish the second internal circulation was ten days, the longest was three months, and the average time was 37 days.

However, there were only six hours between the establishment of the first and second internal circulation chains on Xu Tui’s side.

Of course, the Origin Crystals consumed were not small.

The main reason was that the Genetic Miracle’s Mind Concentration cultivation method could quickly gather energy into the relevant genetic ability chain and quickly reach the critical point of energy accumulation.

If it were anyone else, they would have needed some time even with Xu Tui’s help.

On the 10th of January, Xu Tui kept making preparations while he cultivated.

However, once this plan was implemented, there was something that had to be explained clearly.

Worldly Special Force!

No matter what, there had to be a transition and explanation for the Special Forces that Xu Tui had created himself.

They could not be dragged into a possible troublesome vortex because of Xu Tui’s actions.

Xu Tui submitted a report to the extra-terrestrial command center of the Huaxia Sector and applied to step down as the commander of the Worldly

Special Force.

He also handed over the position of commander of the Worldly Special Force to Zhao Hailong and left the Worldly Special Force. With Cai Shaochu’s greeting, the procedure was done very quickly.

However, Xu Tui felt that it was very difficult after receiving the approval. They were all brothers who had risked their lives. This matter was not easy to fool.

At night, Xu Tui gathered the backbone for a meeting. As Xu Tui had expected, everyone exploded as soon as the order was announced.

Li Zheng and Mu Xingluan were stunned.

Zhao Hailong was also confused.

“Commander, I’m really not interested in the position of commander. I just want to cultivate and break through before cultivating. I don’t want to be the commander.” Zhao Hailong was anxious.

“Commander, we need a reason,” Cui Xi expressed.

“Commander, we can’t accept you leaving just like that! Did you encounter any difficulties? Tell us and we’ll think of a way to solve it together!” Yan Lie said.

Say it? That was impossible! He could not let them know the contents of the plan before he took action.

It was not that he did not trust them. It would only harm them if they knew.

“I have a reason to leave! Believe me, I love the Worldly Special Force more than all of you and want to stay! However…”

Xu Tui did not know how he left in the end.

Many of the old members cried in the face of Xu Tui’s determination.

Yan Lie almost fought Xu Tui.

It was worth mentioning that after he left, Xu Tui called out the new regiment commander, Zhao Hailong, alone. After the psychological hint and hypnosis, Zhao Hailong completely allowed Xu Tui’s mind power to enter. With Xu Tui’s help, Zhao Hailong, who had been stuck at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm for a long time, broke through.

It took longer than Xu Tui had imagined.

The difficulty of assisting others in breaking through might be several times that of breaking through himself.

Zhao Hailong was pleasantly surprised and shocked by the final breakthrough. The regiment commander’s methods were a little shocking.

“The others don’t have enough accumulation and I can’t help them break through for the time being. I was only thinking of helping you break through. The stronger you are, the safer the others will be. If you have anything in the future, discuss it with everyone! My personal suggestion is to always prioritize the safety of the members,” Xu Tui instructed.

“Don’t worry, Commander.”

The next day, on the 11th of January, under the witness of the officials of the Huaxia Sector, the Worldly Special Force underwent the handover of the new and old regiment commander. The original regiment commander, Xu Tui, announced that he would withdraw from the Worldly Special Force for personal reasons.

It was another wave of tear-jerking drama. They would not be able to understand such feelings without risking their lives together.

However, Xu Tui’s worries had been mostly resolved after he resigned as the commander of the Worldly Special Force.

Only his parents were left. He would have to ask Old Cai to take care of them. However, from yesterday until today, Xu Tui had contacted Old Cai several times, but there was no response. He did not know what he was doing.

He could only return to his room and wait.

Xu Tui had just arrived at his room. He had not even sat down when he suddenly jumped up.

The moment he sat down, the glass of water on the table suddenly turned into a person.

A woman!