Chapter 1052 - Chapter 1052: No Return And The Underhand Switch Plan

Chapter 1052: No Return and the Underhand Switch Plan @@novelbin@@

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui knew very well what he was going to do and the nature of what he was going to do. He had been thinking about this for a few days. It could be said to be a decision made in a calm state.

Therefore, Xu Tui knew very well what he should do next. He arrived at Cai Shaochu’s office again after he contacted Lei Tian.

Old Cai was not around. The assistant said that he had gone out to meet someone. He should still be busy exchanging for the rescue of An Xiaoxue and the others.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry. He waited quietly. However, he began to review his plan in his mind and consider every detail again.

An hour later, Cai Shaochu returned. He could not hide the fatigue on his face. It could be seen that Old Cai had really tried his best.

“Why? What’s the matter?” Old Cai naturally took the tea that Xu Tui had brewed for him. “Don’t be anxious. Wei Bin and I are still working hard. I contacted Erera today. We will definitely be able to save them. As long as the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base has a need to exchange for captives,

Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and the others will be safe.”

Old Cai seemed to be comforting Xu Tui, but Xu Tui could tell that Old Cai was actually comforting himself and giving him confidence.

Xu Tui nodded and did not say anything. He quietly watched Cai Shaochu drink his tea. Two minutes later, Old Cai, who felt that something was wrong, looked at Xu Tui in surprise.

“Principal, I’ve decided!”

Xu Tui’s sudden words suddenly made the hand that was holding the teacup tremble. He almost spilled the tea.

Old Cai stared at the determined Xu Tui and took a sip of flowers. Then, he shook his head firmly. “No! That’s absolutely impossible!”

“Principal, you still don’t know what I want to do? I didn’t even say anything, yet you rejected me.”

“I didn’t know before, but I’ve basically confirmed it now.” Cai Shaochu shook his head. “Abandon this thought! Actually, I’ve considered your thoughts before. There’s no possibility of success. Every step is a life-and-death test.”

“I’m not afraid.”

“You’re not afraid, but I am! If you took half a step wrong, you would die without a burial place. Then, your reputation would be ruined and you would be completely nailed to the pillar of shame! Not to mention that I won’t agree, even An Xiaoxue and your teachers won’t agree.”

“Xiaoxue will definitely not agree, but my teachers will definitely agree,” Xu Tui said.

“You asked?” Cai Shaochu was stunned.

“I didn’t ask, but I can confirm that it’s actually like this inside the Genetic Miracle! If I were in her shoes, Xiaoxue might have decided faster than me. There’s no need to say that there’s a precedent for the choices of the two teachers. Principal, you should know that,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu was silent.

After a full minute of silence, Cai Shaochu typed the word ‘silence’ and said in a low voice, “I object to your method. You won’t be able to contact the Spiritual Race’s Lei Tian at any time.”

“I’ve already contacted him.”

Xu Tui took out the long-range communication disk.

Cai Shaochu was speechless.

“This is only the easiest problem to solve. Next, such as taking the captives away and successfully reaching a deal, are all problems.

“Most importantly, the Spiritual Race would indeed exchange captives with you! However, have you considered that once the Spiritual Race takes back the captives they want, the deal you just completed will immediately become a man-eating tiger?

“How many Planetary powerhouses could you threaten even with a three-phase thermal explosive? How are you going to deal with them if they attack you after the transaction is completed?

“After they lose their need to exchange, you will lose your protective barrier. As long as a Planetary powerhouse with supernatural abilities takes action, the three-phase thermal bomb you are holding will be your best glory bomb,” Cai Shaochu said.

“I understand, but I’ve already thought of a way to solve the problem,” Xu Tui said.

This time, it was Cai Shaochu’s turn to be shocked. “How is that possible? I didn’t even think of a solution. Tell me about it. I’ll hear if it’s feasible.”

A minute later, Cai Shaochu’s furrowed brows relaxed. “Your plan is indeed feasible to a certain extent. However, you still need to try and refine it, perfect the details, and prevent any possible accidents.” “Principal, you agreed?” Xu Tui asked instead of answering.

Cai Shaochu let out a long sigh.

“Principal, you already know. Under normal circumstances, the Blue Star would probably not complete the captive exchange with the Spiritual Race, right?”

Actually, the exchange of captives was very complicated. It was not just the internal strife and mutual restrictions on the Blue Star. The main reason was actually the problem exposed by the internal strife in the Spiritual Race’s prison.

The leaders of the Blue Star had sharp eyes when it came to such questions.

From this matter alone, he could tell that the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was facing a huge problem. They might have lost the trust of the Sanctuary, and Lei Tian’s forward operating base should lack people he could trust.

The appearance of Lang Fanyun from the Water Division and Yanzi from the Fire Division in the forward operating base prison was evidence.

In that case, the significance of this batch of captives to the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base and Lei Tian was self-evident.

They could not give it to him!

If they gave it to him, it might allow Lei Tian to catch his breath and make the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base stronger again.

This was the fundamental reason. It was just convenient for the Huaxia Sector to feel uncomfortable. Otherwise, the Huaxia Sector would not have been so passive this time. Even the Russian Federation and the Africa Sector did not completely stand behind the Huaxia Sector in this matter.

This was also the fundamental reason why Old Cai’s efforts over the past few days had been useless.

After a long time, Old Cai smiled bitterly. “The people from the other sectors said that this is… the big picture! But I hate talking about the big picture the most!”

“Principal, I haven’t reached their level, and I can’t see the big picture. Now, I only want to save Miss An, Mr. Qu, and the others, ” Xu Tui said.

“Save?” Cai Shaochu suddenly sneered. “Do you think you have a way back once you take this step? You have to know that as long as you take a step forward, your path will be a path of no return! It’s very, very difficult to come back without a suitable opportunity!”

“I know.”

“Moreover, you also have to know that I personally support you doing this! However, from my current identity, I will definitely not publicly support you doing this. Do you understand?” At this point, Cai Shaochu changed the topic. “However, in terms of personal feelings, I can still help you come up with a plan. I can even help you solve a portion of your problems!

“But if you really wanted to do that, you had to consider it carefully! This path was a path of no return! There’s no way out!”

“I know. Thank you, Principal,” Xu Tui said.

“What are you thanking me for? You’d better succeed. Otherwise, I really don’t know what to do when I see Old Shang,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Alright, let’s cut to the chase. Now, take out your entire plan. The two of us will go through it again and solve one problem at a time.”

Since he had decided, Cai Shaochu didn’t waste any time and started.

Actually, this was why Xu Tui had come to see Cai Shaochu.

Xu Tui wanted to take away some of the Spiritual Race’s captives from Mars alone, then successfully leave the Manut asteroid. Then, he would complete the transaction and safely escape from the mouth of the Spiritual Race.

This was an almost impossible mission.

Therefore, Xu Tui had to borrow Old Cai’s strength. He was not asking Old Cai to participate. Instead, he was asking Old Cai to help him come up with an idea to make Xu Tui’s daring plan have a higher chance of success.

Of course, Xu Tui had no intention of implicating Old Cai. If he really dragged Old Cai down, Xu Tui would be a sinner for all eternity. However, he could ask Old Cai for help in private.

He had to obtain Old Cai’s support!

With Old Cai’s help, many of the problems in the plan were immediately resolved.

For example, the specific security measures for the captives of the Spiritual Race on the Blue Star. Another example was how to quickly reach Manut asteroid from the quantum teleportation channel of the Mars base.

This was more difficult to resolve.

The security procedure set by the Blue Star was not for show.

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu thought of many ways, but they could not successfully pass. In the end, they could only solve the problem outside the arena.

Old Cai had also given him many methods to control the captives and the safety after the transaction. They had to make relevant preparations, including the operation plan and related resources after the exchange was successful.

Cai Shaochu had not only thought of many problems that Xu Tui had not thought of, but he had also proposed a solution.

The two of them discussed for a full day before they finalized all the details. They were the kind that could be modified at any time.

The plan name was: Underhand Switch.

“Xu Tui, think about it carefully. As long as the plan has not been implemented, you can step back at any time. However, once the real implementation begins, you won’t have any way out.” Cai Shaochu emphasized again, “Think it through before making a decision! Even if you don’t save An Xiaoxue, no one will blame you.”

“But I will.” Xu Tui smiled bitterly.

An Xiaoxue had done countless things for Xu Tui.

The attack at the start of school, the Black Crown Queen Bee’s genetic information fluid, trapped in Sea Paradise, and the attack in Niyah Genetic Evolution College on their way back.

Every piece of information gave Xu Tui one piece of information. An Xiaoxue appeared.

Therefore, no one would blame Xu Tui, but Xu Tui would.

“Principal, I will spend two days completing the preparations for the plan. In two days, I will implement the plan. Thank you for your hard work, Principal.” Xu Tui turned around and bowed to Cai Shaochu before leaving.

Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui’s back as he left with a complicated expression. A few minutes later, Cai Shaochu used an encrypted channel that he had never used to contact Wei Bin.

“Ah Bin, there’s something I have to tell you in advance! You can give your opinion, but you can’t lose your temper, much less scold someone!” Cai Shaochu said.

Hearing the term ‘Ah Bin’ and such an encrypted channel, Wei Bin smiled bitterly. “Can I choose to hang up and not listen?”

“Alright, tell me.. I’ll listen!”