Chapter 1058 - Chapter 1058: Underhand Switch Start

Chapter 1058: Underhand Switch Start

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Principal, your hair?”

When Xu Tui first saw Old Cai, whose hair had turned white overnight, he wanted to tease him about how he dyed his hair. However, Xu Tui suddenly could not say anything when he saw Old Cai’s face that had suddenly aged a lot and the indescribable fatigue between his eyebrows.

It wasn’t dyed hair. His hair had turned white overnight.

“It’s fine. I just stayed up late,” Cai Shaochu said casually.

Xu Tui was speechless. Would his hair turn white after staying up all night?

“Take these.”

Just as Xu Tui was cursing in his heart, Cai Shaochu slapped two stacks of Origin Crystal ability seal cards in front of Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was stunned when he saw it.

One stack had three escape cards, three seal cards, three illusion cards, and the other stack only had two Origin Crystal ability seal cards. It was the word escape and the word illusion. However, the aura was exceptionally different. It looked bigger and there was a hint of blood.

“You’ve used these before and know how to use them. I won’t say much. When you use them, comprehend them more. Don’t waste this precious opportunity to study them.” With that, Cai Shaochu pointed at the other two different Origin Crystal ability seal cards and said, “I used a portion of my blood essence to seal my power in these two cards.

“If triggered at the critical moment, it could erupt with power infinitely close to the Planetary realm. This word “illusion” was targeted at a wider range. And this escape word could be used in a group. If your plan failed, you could use this emergency!

“However, not many people could be taken away with this plan. Of course, if you understood the word escape or illusion yourself, you could exert the power of these cards several times. You can use it at your own discretion.”

“Principal…”

Xu Tui’s feelings were already indescribable.

Needless to say, the reason why Old Cai had lost contact for a day and a night and the reason why his hair had turned white had been found. He was preparing a large number of Origin Crystal ability seal cards for Xu Tui.

Under normal circumstances, a Planetary expert would need at least a month to recuperate when making one or two Origin Crystals.

Old Cai made eleven of them. No wonder his hair turned white overnight!

Ten days ago, when Xu Tui set off to explore with the Worldly Special Force, Old Cai had only given him the word ‘escape’. Xu Tui had even said that Old Cai was stingy. But at this moment, Old Cai took out eleven in one go.

“Xu Tui, there’s no need for that! It’s also my wish for you to use this plan to save people, but I can’t do it myself. I’m their principal, and also your principal. I have to do something for you! Other than that, Wei Bin has also prepared a little something for you. Keep it well,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, General Wei also knows?” Xu Tui was shocked.

Cai Shaochu glanced at Xu Tui. “You only have a chance to come back in the future when he knows. With his secret cooperation, your plan has a chance of success. Remember, the Huaxia Sector will always be your home!”

With a wave of his hand, ten bombs the size of watermelons appeared in front of Xu Tui. From the insignia and appearance, they were three-phase thermal bombs. They should be twenty kilograms of small-yield three-phase thermal bombs.

It could kill quasi-planets, but it was less of a threat to the Planetary realm.

“Do you still remember the material purification technique you obtained from the Great Xi Clan?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“I remember.”

“There are already preliminary results. The various main materials used to make the three-phase thermal bomb have all been greatly increased in purity and strength.

“Other than that, there were also five modified three-phase thermal bombs of the fifty-kilogram class in the fighter jets and supply ships you wanted. Their power was fifty percent higher than the previous hundred -kilogram three-phase thermal bombs.

“Use it wisely! These are the modified sample bombs that the research department has just modified. They’re allocated to you now. There’s only one goal—to save our people and live!” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui’s current mood was already indescribable. He originally thought that this operation would be a lone battle, but he did not expect that the two big shots, Cai Shaochu and Wei Bin, were already standing behind him.

“Bu Qingqiu is going too?” Cai Shaochu frowned. “It’s a good thing that Bu Qingqiu wants to go. Although Bu Qingqiu is a quasi-planet, her combat strength is very strong. If she goes with you, she’ll be a great help to you. But…

“Forget it, if she’s willing, you can bring her there. However, with Bu Qingqiu joining, the plan had to be adjusted slightly. Come, let’s study a few details.” @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui informed Bu Qingqiu about this. This research would take hours. It was not until afternoon that Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu completely straightened out their changed plan.

“Principal, I’ll leave my parents in your hands.”

“Don’t worry, it won’t affect your parents! Even if it does, if I, Old Cai, can’t even protect your parents, my life will be wasted.”

“Principal, these are the various videos I recorded. If you have time, send one to my parents.” “Yes, I understand.”

“Principal, then I’ll leave.”

Cai Shaochu’s fingers trembled slightly. “Is it going to start now?”

“It’s better to be early than late.”

“Go… stick to the plan…”

Xu Tui swept through with his mind power and put all ten three-phase thermal bombs into the quantum dimensional chain before stepping out of Cai Shaochu’s office. The moment he stepped out of the door, Xu Tui stopped in his tracks. He turned around and bowed to Cai Shaochu, who was standing with his hands behind his back.

“Go, go, go. What are you dawdling about!”

Xu Tui stood up and left.

“Miss Bu, I’ll ask you one last time. Are you ready?”

“You don’t say.”

“Then in the next operation, you can have any thoughts or objections. However, you have to listen to my orders. Otherwise, I would rather not bring you along,” Xu Tui emphasized.

“Yes, definitely,” Bu Qingqiu agreed.

Xu Tui was silent for three seconds. “Miss Bu, your answer is mostly perfunctory and not sincere. In that case, I can’t bring you along.” Bu Qingqiu froze. “I’m very sincere. How did you know?”

“I have spiritual resonance, and it’s a very powerful one.”

Bu Qingqiu: “…”

Xu Tui did not hear any sincerity from Bu Qingqiu’s promise twice in a row. Xu Tui was unhappy, and so was Bu Qingqiu.

“Xu Tui, what exactly do you mean?”

“Miss Bu, swear in the name of your teacher, Chen Chuxuan, that you will listen to my instructions in the next operation! Or you can go to the Blue Star Genetic Committee to expose me,” Xu Tui suddenly said forcefully.

He had to eliminate any unstable factors.

“You!” Bu Qingqiu was furious.

“Choose one of the two. There are no other directions. Or I’ll find someone to trap you,” Xu Tui said coldly.

A minute later, Bu Qingqiu’s expression became serious. According to Xu Tui’s request, she activated her mind power and swore in the name of her teacher, Chen Chuxuan.

Everyone had a bottom line.

According to Cai Shaochu, the person Bu Qingqiu respected the most was Chen Chuxuan, the teacher who had brought her into the School of General Senses.

“Miss Bu, my plan is about to begin. From this moment on, wait quietly at the spaceport of the Manut asteroid. Wait for my signal to pick me up.” Xu Tui arranged matters for Bu Qingqiu.

“You just want me to wait here?” Bu Qingqiu frowned.

“Have you forgotten the oath just now? Execute the order.”

Bu Qingqiu hesitated for a moment, then nodded gently. “I want to know how long I have to wait.” “Four to 24 hours.”

“Understood.”

Then, Xu Tui, who was wearing a combat uniform, went straight to the quantum teleportation channel of the Manut asteroid to return to Mars.

The management of the quantum teleportation channel of the Manut asteroid was rather strict. Although there were basically no restrictions on the passage below the quasi-planetary level, there had to be a warrant from the various genetic committees or war zones in the asteroid belt.

Xu Tui was holding Cai Shaochu’s warrant.

The contents of the order were to relocate a portion of the equipment and members of the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute.

This order would implicate Old Cai. However, without this order, the plan could not be completed. In Old Cai’s own words, he was huge. He could withstand the consequences of being cheated. It was fine.

With Old Cai’s order and Xu Tui’s previous missions, the quantum teleportation channel was easily allowed to pass.

Xu Tui appeared on Mars again. The red fire slip in his mind moved slightly, and Xu Tui landed where he wanted to land.

He landed near the Mars base.

The current Mars base does not belong to the Huaxia Sector after a series of exchanges of benefits because of the fusion with the quantum teleportation channel of the Manut asteroid.

The other alliances exchanged for control of the Mars base from the Huaxia Sector through the compensation and transfer of benefits.

Currently, because of the importance of its location, the Mars crater base was actually jointly managed by the seven sectors and one organization.

The Huaxia Sector enjoyed a certain level of priority. The first controller of the Mars base was Gai Sheng from the Huaxia Sector.

Xu Tui had come to the Mars crater base because the captives he had gathered previously were all locked up in the Mars crater base.

Before the internal strife in the Spiritual Race’s prison happened, before the 100 captives died, the Blue Star humans had the sincerity to make a deal.

Before this, they had already gathered the dozens of captives requested by the Spiritual Race into the Mars crater base in various ways.

Once the two sides had come to an agreement, they could immediately move to the Manut asteroid to trade.

Xu Tui’s target was the Spiritual Race’s captives imprisoned here.

Taking away a portion of the captives was Xu Tui’s most important first step.

Only after this step was completed could he take the next step.

However, this step was also the most difficult. That was because from this first step onwards, no one could help Xu Tui other than the early information. It was also impossible for Old Cai and Wei Bin!

During this process, once Xu Tui was discovered, no one could interfere even if he was killed on the spot.

Xu Tui moved into the Mars base with Old Cai’s order.

“Ah Huang, it’s your turn.”

Following Xu Tui’s order, a portion of Ah Huang’s body that had jumped off Xu Tui’s wrist melted into a line terminal in the room like a liquid. The dance on the tip of the knife began!