Chapter 1059 - Chapter 1059: Early Treatment And Unexpected Guests (1)

Chapter 1059: Early Treatment and Unexpected Guests (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“You have obtained Level 2 rights to the Mars crater base’s surveillance system.”

“You have obtained Level 1 rights to the Mars crater base’s surveillance system.” @@novelbin@@

“Attempting to obtain the main authority failed. The main authority requires manual authorization. ”

“Attempting to acquire the control rights to the Mars crater base.”

“Obtained Level 2 rights to the Mars crater base. You can directly control some of the channels and circuit signal facilities.”

“Obtained the Level 1 control rights of the Mars crater base. Attempting to obtain the main control rights of the Mars crater base has failed. You need human authorization. ”

“You have obtained Level 2 rights to the Mars crater base’s fire control system. It is only limited to the automatic defense system. Failed to obtain Level 2 rights to the Mars crater base’s fire control system. You needed multiple authorizations.”

“Do you want to crack it by force? It will take about 42 seconds to crack it and obtain Level 1 rights to the fire control system. Please instruct me.”

Ah Huang, who had started working, projected lines of data. It only took ten minutes to complete the preparations.

To a certain extent, Ah Huang, who had obtained the Mysterious Silver Glazed

Body and had a spirit, could be said to be the nemesis of some of the technological equipment on the Blue Star , including the Spiritual Race. Other than human authorization, it was easy to obtain rights other than human authorization under the hardware simulation and data intrusion.

“Wait for the order. Be prepared to violently crack the Level 1 rights of the fire control system at any time. Now, give me the surveillance inside and outside the Mars crater base’s prison. At the same time, you will automatically deal with the relevant surveillance alarm system.”

“Understood.”

Ah Huang’s body left the line like a pool of liquid and returned to Xu Tui’s wrist.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui arrived at the entrance of the Mars crater base’s prison. However, the guards inside and outside the prison did not seem to notice Xu Tui in the shadows.

This was not Xu Tui’s supernatural being ability. Instead, the surveillance footage had been controlled by Ah Huang.

In comparison, humans on the Blue Star often relied heavily on technological equipment.

Due to the fact that there were two quasi-planetary Spirits imprisoned in the prison, there was a quasi-planetary powerhouse guarding it at the last minute. Other than that, there were also three Transmutation Realm powerhouses and five Evolution Realm powerhouses guarding it.

However, they were used to watching the surveillance footage.

Xu Tui had obtained the structural map of the prison and the information about the guards through various channels before he came.

The quasi-planetary realm powerhouse guarding it was Gallo from the European Sector. He was a water-type supernatural being.

If Xu Tui wanted to get the Spiritual Race’s captives out, Gallo would be the first to be dealt with. Of course, there could not be a conflict. As long as a little power fluctuation erupted, it meant that the operation had failed.

“Ah Huang, can you use the name and communication channel of the Mars crater base’s command center of the European Sector to give Gallo an order?”

“Sure. However, this place is at most seven minutes away from the command

center. If he walks faster, the time might be shorter,” Ah Huang said.

“The information shows that this Gallo has a sweetheart. Ah Huang, use another communication channel. With his status as a sweetheart, send him some messages that he has to reply to. It should be able to stall him, right?”

“I’m not his sweetheart!” Ah Huang emphasized.

“Imitation. It’s just an imitation.”

“It shouldn’t be a problem. The results of the analysis of the information I’ve gathered over the past few days show that there’s more than one sweetheart of Gallo. I think I can play with him.”

“Alright. Help me open the safe passageway to the prison. My mind power needs to enter.”

“No problem.”

The prison of the entire Mars crater base had an additional lead coating during the construction process. It was very difficult for mind power to enter the prison from the outside.

A minute later, Gallo, who had received the message from the command center, left the prison with a puzzled expression. The command office asked him to report to the office of the Control Division within 15 minutes. The commander had something to see him about.

Although this tone was wrong, under normal circumstances, the command center of the Mars crater base was still extremely polite to their quasi-planetary.

But Gallo still set off. It was his duty.

Gallo decided that when he reached the command center, he would remind whoever had sent the notice to give them the necessary respect. However, he had not walked more than half the way when Gallo’s personal communication device rang softly. Gallo scanned it and his face turned pale.

“Gallo, you bastard. I don’t care if you exchange body fluids with anyone outside, but what do you mean by bringing those disgusting viruses back? I swear, as long as I’m diagnosed, I’ll definitely kill you!”

The source of the information was a sweetheart who had been with him for a long time. She was the kind who had feelings.

Six days ago, Gallo had met a beautiful and hot lady in a newly opened bar in the base. He had only paid 0.1 grams of Origin Crystals to have this beautiful lady for the entire night. But now, his sweetheart’s message suddenly made him flustered.

His lower body felt cold.

Currently, many of the diseases in humans had become chronic diseases that could not kill them. However, some of the chronic diseases, although they did not kill them, were still rather troublesome. It would make their quality of life very poor.

Especially their happy sex life!

At this moment, Gallo only wanted to run to the hospital for a comprehensive examination.

Xu Tui, who had successfully controlled a few Origin Crystal powders to enter the prison, suddenly wanted to laugh when he saw the message that Ah Huang had sent him..