Chapter 1050 - Chapter 1050: Dancing On The Point Of A Blade (2)

Chapter 1050: Dancing on the Point of a Blade (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It could only be said that the outcome of the meeting was a little tragic.

Old Cai and Wei Bin kept making concessions in today’s internal meeting. In the end, they barely reached a consensus on a two-step exchange plan on the Blue Star.

Lei Xiang, a Transmutation Realm Spiritual Race captive, and 10 Evolution Realm Spiritual Race captives would exchange for all the Blue Star human captives on the Spiritual Race’s side.

As for the remaining Spiritual Race captives, let the Spiritual Race exchange them for a huge ransom. They’ll talk about how much the ransom is. This plan could be passed because Cai Shaochu insisted that Lei Xiang was the spoils of war of the Worldly Special Force.

He finally formed a preliminary plan within the Blue Star.

The probability of this preliminary plan being successful with the Spiritual Race was very low. However, Old Cai still tried his best to give it a try.

However, as expected, this new plan was firmly rejected by the Spiritual Race’s

Lei Qian.

“Impossible, absolutely impossible!”

Lei Qian’s attitude was very determined.

It had to be a one-time deal. Due to the internal strife in the prison that resulted in the deaths of some of the captives, the Spiritual Race could give a total of 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals as compensation.

However, this was the highest limit. It was impossible for the Blue Star humans to ask for an astronomical ransom.

The negotiations reached a stalemate again.

Old Cai, who had returned from the negotiation, was very tired and had an ugly expression. “Don’t be anxious. We’re still working hard!”

Xu Tui smiled, but it was a bitter smile.

From the perspective of a bystander, the possibility of Xu Tui participating in the meeting was infinite. They had already fallen into a dead cycle.

The Spiritual Race wanted all the captives. If the Blue Star wanted to release all the captives, the other sectors with no captives or fewer captives would want a

huge amount of benefits as compensation.

However, Xu Tui felt that he might not be able to gather enough money to search through the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

Without the compensation of benefits, the other sectors of the Blue Star were unwilling to let them go. If the Blue Star did not release everyone, the Spiritual Race would not be willing to exchange them in batches.

It was an endless cycle!

Moreover, Xu Tui felt that after the internal strife in the Spiritual Race Prison, this negotiation itself was filled with malice, be it Raymont, Maiponeo, Nilab, or the Lord of The Myths.

They were deliberately causing trouble for Cai Shaochu and increasing the difficulty of the negotiation.

Under such circumstances, it would be strange if it succeeded!

From this point of view, the possibility of saving An Xiaoxue and the others through the exchange of captives suddenly became zero.

Xu Tui thought about it the entire night. His heart was in a mess.

On the 6th of January, Old Cai continued to hold consultations. However, there was still no result.

After a few days of tug-of-war, Old Cai, who had always been very energetic, looked exhausted. There was no progress. In other words, the matter of exchanging the captives of the Spiritual Race for An Xiaoxue and the others was almost put on hold.

Xu Tui let out a long sigh when he saw Old Cai’s bitter smile.

After thinking hard for a few days and nights, Xu Tui finally made a decision. Or rather, he had finally made up his mind.

There were some things that he had to do.

If it had already happened, Xu Tui would cultivate diligently. In the future, when he saw the Spiritual Race, he would kill anyone he saw. He would kill two people he saw. He would avenge An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan.

However, they were still alive. They still had a chance to live. Xu Tui could not sit back and watch them die.

Xu Tui wanted to try.

“Principal, don’t be too anxious. There will be a way,” Xu Tui consoled Cai Shaochu. He left Cai Shaochu’s office and returned to his room. @@novelbin@@

“Ah Huang, help me establish a particle silent barrier and block all the electronic devices in and out of the room, ” Xu Tui ordered when he returned to his room.

Soon, Ah Huang jumped down from Xu Tui’s wrist and turned into that strange, fierce, and cute little girl. In less than 30 seconds, it completed Xu Tui’s orders.

In theory, after Ah Huang fused with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, as long as it knew the blueprint of the electronic component, it could expand and simulate it and realize its function.

Over the past few days, Ah Huang had been constantly experimenting with this. There were already dozens of models in its body.

Xu Tui planned to give Ah Huang another half or a Mysterious Silver Glazed Body when it became more proficient.

Then, Xu Tui slowly spread out his mental perception to ensure that no one and no equipment could monitor this place. Then, Xu Tui took out the ultra -long-range communication disk of the Spiritual Race that he had seized from Lei Xiang back then.

As for how to use it, Lei Xiang, who had been cooked by Yang Huai like an eagle, had already confessed. He embedded the Origin Crystal and transferred the colonies of the other Lings to a specific area. The Spiritual Race’s ultra -long-range communication disk began to automatically connect. On Planet Kono, in the Command Hall of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

Lei Qian, who was pregnant, was walking back and forth with her hand on her waist. Her slightly plump face was slightly worried and she was frowning. In the past few days, due to the internal strife in the prison, the process of exchanging captives with the Blue Star had suddenly become sluggish.

The previous deal was in sight.

Now, from the Blue Star’s attitude, the possibility of a deal was infinitely zero!

In fact, the forward operating base was very anxious about this exchange of captives.

Just as the Blue Star had analyzed, 90% of the captives exchanged this time were from the Thunder Division. They were blood relatives that Lei Tian could trust.

After the exchange, Lei Tian’s control over the forward operating base would be much easier..