Chapter 1057 - Chapter 1057: Master Shen Jiushuang And White Hair Overnight (2)

Chapter 1057: Master Shen Jiushuang and White Hair Overnight (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Miss Bu, do you not have a lover or boyfriend?” Xu Tui asked at an inappropriate time.

Bu Qingqiu glared at Xu Tui. “Yes, how can I not have one?”

“Then you… ”

“It’s none of your busi

Xu Tui was confused by Bu Qingqiu’s anger. However, this matter was of utmost importance. Xu Tui had to discuss it with Cai Shaochu if another person was involved. “Miss Bu, this matter is of utmost importance. I need to consider it and give you an answer tomorrow.”

“Okay!”

Bu Qingqiu agreed readily. However, a few minutes later, Xu Tui froze. “Miss Bu, why aren’t you leaving?

“Why should I leave?

“This is my room. Didn’t I say that I’ll give you an answer tomorrow?”

“But if you suddenly take action, how do I find you?”

“You don’t believe me! Do we still have a basis for cooperation?” Xu Tui was furious.

“When we start taking action, you can say whatever you want. In any case, I will definitely not take half a step away from you now.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

Bu Qingqiu knew very well that it was not that she did not trust Xu Tui. If she did not trust Xu Tui, she would not have had such a guess and participated. Instead, she did not want this only chance to slip away in front of her. It was impossible!

Therefore, Bu Qingqiu insisted.

“Alright, Miss Bu. You can do whatever you want. But if you were to stay by my side, it’s not convenient for me to take a shower or pee.” Xu Tui was helpless. “Up to you. Just pretend that I don’t exist. I won’t feel at a disadvantage.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

However, Xu Tui felt that he was at a disadvantage. Of course, he did not dare to say that. Bu Qingqiu, who had turned into water, stayed in Xu Tui’s room for the entire night. Xu Tui also cultivated for the entire night. He seized the time to increase his strength. @@novelbin@@

At eight in the morning on the 12th of January, Cai Shaochu still did not respond.

Xu Tui became anxious.

According to the plan, they would start implementing the plan this afternoon. What had Old Cai done? However, Li Qingping came instead of Old Cai.

The Planetary guard of the Huaxia Sector at the Manut asteroid, Li Qingping.

Li Qingping had just stepped into Xu Tui’s room when he saw the glass of water in front of Xu Tui’s bed. He suddenly revealed a stunned expression. “Did I come at the wrong time? However, it’s really unbelievable. Qingqiu, when did you and this kid…”

Li Qingping instantly shut his mouth.

Even though he shut his mouth quickly, the sounds of explosions still rang out continuously in Li Qingping’s mouth. Strong energy field fluctuations kept appearing, and golden light and water light seeped out of the corner of Li Qingping’s mouth.

Three seconds later, blood seeped out of the corner of Li Qingping’s mouth, and the fluctuation stopped.

Xu Tui was a little shocked.

Was Bu Qingqiu so strong?

Although it was a water explosion technique that was targeted at most people’s defense weakness, it could hurt the Planetary expert, Li Qingping, who was known for his defense.

Blood seeped out of the corner of Li Qingping’s mouth. Immediately, mind power fluctuations seeped in. Li Qingping wrapped the blood at the corner of his mouth with his energy field and sent it to the side at an unprecedented speed before pleading for mercy.

“Qingqiu, I was wrong. I was wrong!” Li O?ngping admitted his mistake honestly. Only then did Bu Qingqiu stop and transform back into her human form. She puffed out her ordinary chest and glared coldly at Li Qingping.

“What are you doing here?”

“Looking for this kid.” Li Qingping pointed at Xu Tui.

“Why are you looking for him?”

“This… this kid fits the bill. I came over to give him some pointers.”

“Tell the truth! Old Li, I can tell when you’re lying even with my eyes closed.” Bu Qingqiu revealed her valiant side in front of Li Qingping.

“Uh… It’s Principal Cai. He said that there’s something wrong with the Vajra Tide Force Field that Xu Tui is cultivating. He asked me to come over and give him some pointers,” Li Qingping said.

“Principal Cai?” Bu Qingqiu thought for a while and looked at Xu Tui. Suddenly, she revealed a look of realization. “Alright, I’ll wait for you outside.”

After Bu Qingqiu left, Li Qingping lowered his voice and asked curiously, “Xu Tui, how did you provoke this madam?”

“Madam? Uncle Li, you’re a Planetary expert.” Xu Tui blinked.

“Do you think a quasi-planet in the School of General Senses only has the strength of a quasi-planet?” Li Qingping sneered.

Xu Tui nodded. “It seems like you’re afraid of her.” “She’ll shoot your mouth off without a word. Are you afraid?”

“This…”

Xu Tui nodded with lingering fears.

“Alright, let’s not talk nonsense. Don’t resist my energy field. Show me the cultivation of your Vajra Tide Force Field first.” Li Qingping placed his hand on Xu Tui’s shoulder. His shoulder heated up, and Li Qingping’s energy field had already surged into Xu Tui’s body.

Xu Tui did as he was told.

Three minutes later, Li Qingping slowly retracted his energy field. “Yes, Principal Cai is right. You’re cultivating the second version of the Vajra Tide

Force Field. Its power is alright, but it’s a little redundant.”

“Yes, I learned it from Teacher Shen Jiushuang.”

“I know. Shen Jiushuang was my junior brother a long time ago. He’s very good, and you’re not bad either.

“Since we have this relationship, I’ll pass down the eighth-generation improved version of the Vajra Tide Force Field to you on Old Shen’s behalf. In the future, when you have time, remember to pay respects to your mentor. In that case, it can be considered a token of my appreciation. Junior Brother Shen, how heroic! ”

Xu Tui nodded. “Thank you…”

Xu Tui suddenly did not know what to call Li Qingping. Should he call him Uncle-Master or Uncle Li?

“Call me Uncle Li. In the future, if anyone asks about your inheritance in genetic ancient martial arts, remember, you can just be the teacher of the State Scholar, Shen Jiushuang!”

“Yes, thank you, Uncle Li.

“By the way, Uncle Li, Principal Cai told me before that the latest version of the Vajra Tide Force Field should be the seventh generation, right?”

“This is mainly because I’m researching. Principal Cai doesn’t know the latest progress. The latest progress is already the eighth generation. Next, I will directly use my energy field to circulate in your body and stimulate a few of your genetic base points.

“Remember this! The eighth generation of the Vajra Tide Force Field has a total of five more genetic base points than the previous three generations. However, these five genetic base points have a huge effect.

“It could only lay on the Vajra Barrier of the Vajra Tide Force Field. As long as one had enough energy field, in theory, it was possible to layer three or even ten layers. This was the essence of the Vajra Tide Force Field. Before one wave subsided, another would rise. This was called a tide!

“Similarly, the attacks that used this tide force field were also wave after wave. It was called a tide force field.

“Next, I’ll guide you to locate and activate these five genetic base points. Then, I’ll use my tide force field to bring you a few times so that you can familiarize yourself with the Vajra Set as soon as possible,” Li Qingping said.

“Vajra Set?”

“Yes, this is the latest name. You can call it whatever you want. Do you have Origin Crystals? In order to be faster, help you locate it while absorbing me and quickly activate it. You Genetic Miracles should be very fast in this aspect, right?” Li Qing said.

“Yes.”

It was very fast for Xu Tui to activate his genetic base points as long as he confirmed the safety. It wasn’t to the extent of activating in seconds, but activating one every few minutes was the speed it should be.

Under Li Qingping’s guidance, he only had five genetic base points for the Vajra Tide Force Field. However, these five genetic base points had the effect of turning decay into a miracle.

The Vajra Barrier that was quite inflexible previously could actually change at will. Under the guidance of the Planetary expert, Li Qingping, Xu Tui learned the Vajra Barrier in less than three hours.

Xu Tui could instantly erect two layers of Vajra Barrier, one big and one small, one strong and one weak. The moment the Vajra Barrier on the outside was destroyed, the small one inside could seamlessly connect and grow in an instant.

This increase in defense was amazing!

In fact, Xu Tui felt that this was still a beginner’s learning.

After he became proficient in it, he could even put on three layers of this Vajra Set. With three layers of Vajra Barrier, not to mention a threefold increase in defense, a twofold increase was definitely possible.

It was worth it!

After that, Li Qingping looked at Xu Tui and hesitated. However, in the end, he did not say anything. He took out two Origin Crystal ability seal cards and placed them in Xu Tui’s hand. He patted Xu Tui’s shoulder and instantly left.

“Remember, your master is the State Scholar, Shen Jiushuang!”

Xu Tui, who had understood something from afar, bowed.

At the same time, Xu Tui received a message from Cai Shaochu. “I’m in the office. Come!”

A few minutes later, Xu Tui, who saw Cai Shaochu in the office, was stunned.

Old Cai’s hair turned white overnight!