Chapter 1051 - Chapter 1051: Dancing On The Tip Of The Blade (3)

Chapter 1051: Dancing on the Tip of The Blade (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This was especially so for Lang Fanyun’s sudden betrayal. It woke Lei Tian up.

Therefore, Lei Tian desperately wanted to place his own people in an important position and spend resources to nurture a few experts from the main division.

However, there were only a few people in the Thunder Division that he could trust. Some of them had even been captured.

This was the importance of this exchange of captives.

However, he did not expect that after the internal strife in the prison, something would happen to the Blue Star humans. They actually asked for an astronomical ransom!

Not to mention that the current forward operating base could not provide this astronomical ransom, even if they could, they could not!

Once it was satisfied, the Blue Star’s ransom request would only become more ridiculous!

However, the problem was that it was too important for the forward operating base to exchange these captives.

Therefore, Lei Qian was very worried.

It was not only because of Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, but also because of the child in her stomach. She had even come up with a name.

She did not want the child in her stomach to become a disgrace to the Spiritual Race the moment it was born, or be captured and thrown into the Spiritual Race’s Water Prison and Fire Prison.

She was definitely unwilling!

Therefore, Lei Qian was very anxious.

However, although this matter was urgent, she could not show it in the negotiations.

Lei Qian had been so worried for the past few days that her vitality had moved.

Suddenly, an adjutant brought over a long-range communication disk and handed it to Lei Qian. There was long-range communication.

Lei Qian took it and looked at the lit up area on the communication disk. She was suddenly stunned.

Lei Xiang!

According to this mark, this was a communication request sent to Lei Xiang by the long-range communication disk.

Lei Xiang had been captured for half a year. How could that be? Suddenly, Lei Qian’s eyes lit up. She thought of a possibility and immediately informed Lei Tian and connected the call.

“Who are you? I want to see Lei Tian!” Xu Tui’s voice sounded.

“I’m Lei Qian. Who are you? What’s the matter? Lord Lei Tian will be here soon.” She was a little anxious when he thought of a possibility. “Contact me when Lei Tian arrives.”

“Please wait a moment. I’m transferring to Lord Lei Tian. ”

A minute later, Lei Tian, who was chasing after Lang Fanyun, established a connection with Xu Tui, who was opposite the communication disk, through the transit of the forward operating base.

“Commander-in-chief Lei, I am Xu Tui, the commander of the Worldly Special Force. Under normal circumstances, the Blue Star would not exchange captives with you. However, my teacher is among the people who were trapped by you on the Tower Asteroid. Therefore, I want to continue this exchange of captives with you.” Xu Tui directly expressed his thoughts.

“I don’t think so. As far as I know, we’re talking to the Blue Star…”

“Commander-in-chief Lei, there’s no point in saying that. Be direct. I don’t have time to waste on you. I want to exchange captives with you as a person. Can we exchange captives on Tower Asteroid?” Xu Tui asked directly.

In the command hall of the forward operating base, Lei Qian quickly explained the current change and her opinion to Lei Tian in the shortest time possible.

“Commander Xu, if you can continue to exchange captives with us, we will naturally welcome you. However, the captives of the Spiritual Race can be controlled by the few alliances on the Blue Star. I have my doubts about how you can bring these captives out,” Lei Tian said.

“Commander-in-chief Lei, you don’t have to worry about that. If I can’t bring them out, the transaction naturally can’t be carried out. If I can bring them out, the transaction can naturally continue. Don’t you think so?”

“Yes. So how do you want to trade?”

“Because I’ll be exchanging captives with you next. You don’t have to say anything to know the risks and dangers. Therefore, next, all the matters of exchanging captives, the way, place, and time, have to be done according to my request! I even need you to provide some assistance and some requests for resources,” Xu Tui said. @@novelbin@@

In the office of the forward operating base, Lei Tian’s virtual projection was considering this, but Lei Qian was anxious.

“Sir, this might be our last chance to reach a deal. Over the past few days, because of the internal strife in the prison, the Blue Star no longer has the sincerity to make a deal.”

After discussing it with Lei Qian for a minute, Lei Tian gave Xu Tui a direct answer.

“Alright, I agree! In the future, our transactions with you will be led by your requests! As for the assistance and resources requirements you request, we will only provide them after you bring our people out!” Lei Tian said.

“Of course,” Xu Tui said. “Keep in touch.”

“Keep in touch.”

Then, Xu Tui hung up and slowly heaved a sigh of relief. Next, he would dance on the tip of a knife!

At the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Tian, who had ended the communication, thought for a moment before ordering, “Little Qian, I’ll leave this matter to you. If Xu Tui can get our people out, we can make a certain concession and pay a price in order to smooth the exchange. We can show enough sincerity to complete the exchange. However, we have to make other preparations, especially after the exchange is completed!”

“Don’t worry, Sir!”