Chapter 1067 - Chapter 1067: The Consequences Of Playing Tricks

Chapter 1067: The Consequences of Playing Tricks

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There were a total of 21 surviving pioneer raiders guarding this temporary base. Eighteen of them were from the Huaxia Sector. The remaining three people were from the European Sector. Among them were one woman and two men.

The reason why there were three members of the pioneer raiders from the

European Sector was that the woman was An Xiaoxue’s friend and classmate. She had come to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College to study and had a good relationship with An Xiaoxue.

Her name was Anna.

It was worth mentioning that one of the three surviving members in the Transmutation Realm of the pioneer raiders was among the remaining two men in the European Sector.

His name was Gaman. He was a very handsome and powerful white man. However, before this, he had been beaten up by Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao. It was said that this fellow wanted to fight for the leadership of the survivors’ team and was beaten up. Then, he became obedient.

The others were naturally led by Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and An Xiaoxue.

“From now on, everyone must listen to my orders unconditionally! It’s unconditional. My orders are the rule.” After a simple explanation of the situation, Xu Tui began to unify the internal departments. This was a must.

There was naturally no need to mention An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan. Wen Shao wanted to say something, but he looked at An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan and nodded. Only Gaman from the European Sector asked, “Can you tell me your escape plan?”

“No!” Xu Tui rejected him completely.

Gaman spread his hands helplessly. “If you can’t tell me the specific plan, I won’t be able to follow your orders unconditionally.”

Xu Tui glanced coldly at slotman. “Believe me, I’m your only choice now! I don’t have time to talk nonsense. I can’t tell you the plan. Those who are unwilling to obey my orders can bring it up and escape alone.” Xu Tui was not a saint. He had no obligation to save those disobedient ones.

Gaman frowned, but Anna quickly said, “We’re willing! He’s just been persisting for too long recently and is a little nervous.”

“Alright! However, I’ll be candid here and get the unpleasantness out of the way. If anyone dares to disobey orders and try to kill everyone, I’ll be the first to kill them.”

Xu Tui was very straightforward.

“Alright, now, bring your necessities and throw away your unnecessary packages. Follow me,” Xu Tui said.

“We’re going to walk out just like that?” Gaman was puzzled.

“There’s no next time.”

Xu Tui did not care about An Xiaoxue’s objections. He pulled An Xiaoxue’s hand and was the first to walk out. Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and the others quickly followed.

Gaman hesitated for a moment, but in the end, he followed.

As soon as they stepped out of the tunnel, dozens of powerful auras instantly locked onto Xu Tui and everyone else, including the aura of the planetary powerhouse, Lei Hong. Everyone was afraid, but Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were holding hands. Each of them had a three-phase thermal bomb.

Lei Gen appeared in front of Xu Tui. “Alright, according to the procedure, it’s your turn to hand them over.”

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes and said, “Tell your people to step back a little. It’s too close.”

Lei Gen looked at Xu Tui and hesitated for a moment. He nodded and waved his hand. “Retreat 500 meters.”

“I’ll get them to enter the tunnel again and stay in a seemingly safe environment before handing them over,” Xu Tui said.

“Sure.”

Lei Gen narrowed his eyes and looked at Xu Tui. He could not understand what other tricks Xu Tui had up his sleeve under such circumstances.

The people who had just been brought out retreated to the entrance of the tunnel again. There were 21 people at the narrow entrance. They were a little nervous.

Under everyone’s gazes, Xu Tui took out a large ball. The moment the large ball was placed on the ground, it transformed into a light blue member of the Great Xi Clan who was more than two meters tall and had a mechanical beauty.

Lavis!

The moment he released Lavis, Xu Tui tore open a piece of Cai Shaochu’s “illusion”.

Under Xu Tui’s guidance, the word ‘illusion’ instantly enveloped everyone, causing them to be in an indescribable illusion.

Outside the tunnel, Lei Hong frowned. He suddenly could not sense the situation in the tunnel. Was it blocked?

Isolating his aura was the fundamental reason why Xu Tui used the word ‘illusion’.

“Lavis, I’ll give you 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Do you have any problems within five minutes?”

After receiving the Origin Crystal, Lavis quickly kissed it. “My dear Xu, don’t worry. I’ll be able to complete the preparations for the short-range jump in five minutes! However, you have to choose the direction for me. Moreover, I can only control the general direction.”

“No problem.”

This was the fundamental reason why Xu Tui was unwilling to hand over Lavis even though he was at risk of exposing his plan under Ruan Tianzuo’s strong request and threat. It was because this captive, Lavis, concerned Xu Tui’s escape method after he got the captives.

He used the Great Xi Clan’s short-range jump ability to escape from under the nose of the Spiritual Race.

In reality, Xu Tui had been very shocked when he found out about this.

In the Great Xi Clan, those who could jump were not limited to the Great Xi Clan. They could also bring other races with them. The limit was energy, size, and distance.

For example, Lavis could not bring a Planetary powerhouse to undergo a jump. He could only bring one quasi-planetary powerhouse with him at most.

Under normal circumstances, if Lavis brought a quasi-planet to jump, it would be close to the upper limit of his jump.

However, with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body as his body, the upper limit of Lavis’s jump had been increased by a portion. As long as there was a large amount of energy restoration, Lavis could also bring many people to undergo a jump, together with a quasi-planetary.

The current number had been simulated and verified.

Lavis could bring the current number of people to undergo a short-range jump. However, the distance was not too far. It was about 50,000 kilometers, and there was only one general direction.

This was Xu Tui’s confidence in exchanging for captives. “Don’t ask. Don’t disturb him. Just stay quietly around Lavis and wait.” Xu Tui reminded everyone present and stepped out of the tunnel again.

At the same time, the countdown began.

“What did you do inside? Why was your aura blocked?” Lei Gen frowned.

“If I dare to come for the exchange, I will definitely be prepared. Otherwise, wouldn’t I be sending myself to my death?” Xu Tui sneered.

“Alright, then according to the procedure, it’s your turn to hand them over.”

“Okay.”

Xu Tui began to contact Bu Qingqiu.

A minute later, Bu Qingqiu raised a water screen and enveloped the captives as they stepped out of the fighter jet. Yan Lie was in the middle, holding two three-phase thermal bombs. Under Xu Tui’s instructions, Bu Qingqiu and Yan Lie walked very slowly. It took them more than two minutes to reach the vicinity of the tunnel.

During this time, Xu Tui sensed the aura on Lei Hong’s body. It fluctuated a few times, but he forced himself not to attack.

Xu Tui deliberately stalled for time. Five minutes passed in an instant. “My dear Xu, I’m ready. We need to warp within three minutes. Otherwise, the energy will dissipate greatly.”

“Okay!” In front of Lei Gen and everyone else, Xu Tui pushed Bu Qingqiu and Yan Lie into the tunnel and entered Lavis’ warp energy circle. “Lavis, get ready!”

At the same time, Xu Tui also had a gentle force that slowly sent the captives in front of Lei Gen. “Pick them up.”

Lei Gen also instantly made a gesture—Do it!

At the same time, the quasi-planetary realm powerhouses who were already on standby rushed to the side of the six captives in less than half a second. Five types of electronic, electromagnetic, particle, and quantum pulse shielding devices were activated at the same time.

At the same time, Xu Tui quickly retreated to the entrance of the tunnel and retreated into Lavis’ warp energy circle.

However. the moment Xu Tui retreated. Lei Hong also moved.

A bolt of lightning whipped toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s expression changed drastically. If this whip landed, not only would he be severely injured, but his jump would also be interrupted. The Vajra Shield Origin Crystal energy card that Li Qingping had given him was instantly torn apart.

Xu Tui roared angrily the moment a thick Vajra Shield appeared in front of him. “If you move again, they’ll all die!”

Xu Tui activated his mind power almost at the same time.

Without any warning, the head of the quasi-planetary realm powerhouse, Lei Wang, who had just been snatched away by the Spiritual Race, suddenly exploded. On Lei Wang’s body were five types of equipment that could block all technological instruments.

Lei Gen was stunned! Lei Hong was also dumbfounded. Without needing Lei Gen to say anything, he quickly stopped his attacks. He did not dare to attack again!

After all, Li Qingping’s Origin Crystal Energy Card was only a card. It only blocked most of the power of Lei Hong’s attack. The remaining power whipped Xu Tui’s body and sent him flying. Blood flowed out of his mouth.

“F*ck, how dare you play tricks? I’ll make them all explode!” Xu Tui, who had blood flowing out of the corner of his mouth, cursed as he ran into Lavis’ warp circle again.

He activated his mind power and detonated another Water Explosion Technique that was planted in the captive’s body.

A Transmutation Realm expert’s head exploded again.

“How dare you!” Lei Hong roared angrily!

Lei Gen was anxious. He could not let all his efforts go to waste! He was now facing a difficult choice. The first was to negotiate with Xu Tui and stabilize him again. The second was to attack with all his might and kill Xu Tui with lightning speed.

However, he was not sure if Xu Tui could still use this method.

At this moment, Lei Gen was extremely conflicted. This was a difficult choice! @@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui spoke at this moment.

“Retreat! Retreat immediately. As long as we leave safely, I won’t detonate it again!” Xu Tui roared.

In an instant of hesitation, Lei Gen chose to compromise with Xu Tui. He had not figured out what had gone wrong. Under their various shielding methods, he had not figured out how he had killed the captives.

It was better to choose a compromise. It was mainly because the time was too short. It had only been one to two seconds since it started!

“Misunderstanding, misunderstanding! Let’s retreat, let’s retreat!” Lei Gen roared and ordered everyone to retreat. He even glanced at Lei Hong.

Lei Hong had no choice but to retreat.

“Jump!”

Without the interference of planetary powerhouses, this was the best time to jump. Almost in the next moment, Lavis’ warp ball of light instantly rose. It continued to flicker for a second before instantly disappearing.

However, 0.1 seconds before the light ball disappeared, Xu Tui’s mind power moved again. The head of the quasi-planetary captive of the Spiritual Race, Lei Lian, exploded again. It exploded into a ball of rotten watermelon.

He died on the spot!

Lei Gen was about to go crazy.

At this moment, Lei Hong, who had just focused all his mind power on his captive, realized something.

“Mind power! Perhaps it was through mind power! I just sensed an abnormal mind power fluctuation! A mind power barrier! I’ll erect a mind power barrier for them! Charge!” Lei Hong roared!

As he roared, Lei Hong’s mind power first enveloped the remaining three captives.

Almost at the same time, the other quasi-planets charged towards the entrance of the tunnel crazily. However, just as they rushed in, the first quasi-planetary expert who rushed over roared in fear.

“Retreat!”

“Retreat!”

The dozen or so quasi-planets who rushed over reacted extremely quickly and retreated at lightning speed.

At the same time, the energy wave of the three-phase thermal bomb instantly exploded.

The moment the transition began, Xu Tui set a three-phase thermal explosive to explode automatically two seconds later. The light of the three-phase thermal bomb exploded, and Lei Gen was sent flying backward.

The quasi-planets who could not retreat in time were affected. They spat out blood and flew backward.

Lei Hong, who had just erected a mind power barrier, was so angry that his mouth was about to turn crooked..