Chapter 1069 - Chapter 1069: Solving The Historical Problem Of The School Of General Senses

Chapter 1069: Solving the Historical Problem of the School of General Senses

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Many people had drifted before. When he was on the Blue Star, it was quite fun to drift on the water indoors. However, space drifting was not fun at all. Only quasi-planetary and planetary realms had the ability to survive and act independently in space. In the Transmutation Realm, only a small number of elites could do so.

And now, Xu Tui and the others were drifting in space. It had nothing to do with fun. It was a horror movie.

Less than 30 minutes after the space drift began, Xu Tui realized that the posture of two Evolution Realm elites from the Huaxia pioneer raiders holding the space drift cable had not changed.

Previously, Xu Tui had not activated his mental perception at all times to reduce his consumption.

Xu Tui quickly sent his mental perception over. His expression instantly darkened.

They were no longer breathing!

They were already frozen. As they were frozen, they did not move as they hugged the cable tightly. After careful inspection, their combat uniforms were slightly damaged, and their insulation ability was greatly reduced.

In space, the temperature was extremely low, much worse than those planets.

The low temperature of minus 270 was only three degrees higher than absolute zero. Once they lost the protection of their combat uniforms, they would be frozen for an extremely short period of time.

Moreover, even with the protection of the combat uniform, all cultivators had to use energy to resist low temperatures at minus 270 degrees.

Under such circumstances, an Evolution Realm cultivator would not be able to last long.

As for the planetary Realm and the quasi-planetary realm, including the Transmutation Realm, because they had one to several more physical evolutions than the Evolution Realm, they were stronger in resisting low temperatures.

The energy in his body was a form of protection for his body.

“Based on the current situation, I can only last a day at most before the energy in my body is exhausted…”

An Xiaoxue did not say the rest, but her meaning was clear. If the situation did not change, An Xiaoxue would die of heat loss like the two Evolution Realm experts a day later.

“Don’t worry. I’m here. My mind power can trap you in and take turns to recover.” Xu Tui immediately expressed his concern.

Everyone had established a close-range communication channel through their communication devices. Otherwise, they would not be able to speak in space.

An Xiaoxue glared at Xu Tui. She was embarrassed and warmed when Xu Tui said that on the public channel. “Where are the others? There are still 15

Evolution Realm experts.”

This was not counting Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

“I think it shouldn’t be a problem for the three quasi-planetary experts to protect them, right? You should be able to protect one Transmutation Realm expert. You can choose freely.”

Gaman from the European Sector suggested. After suggesting it, he expressed his love on the channel. “Anna, I can definitely protect you! Of course, if there are other beautiful ladies who need to be protected, I should be able to protect two of them as a Transmutation Realm expert. What do you think of my suggestion?”

No one paid attention to Gaman.

The two quasi-planetary experts, Bu Qingqiu and Lavis, turned their gazes toward Xu Tui. Wen Shao, on the other hand, had some thoughts. He obediently held them back when he saw this scene.

“If we gather in a circle, Miss Bu, you and Lavis should be able to take turns protecting all of us with your energy, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“I can, but the energy consumption will be very high. I need Origin Crystals,” Lavis said.

Xu Tui ignored Lavis. His opinion was not important. If he was disobedient, he would hammer him. Now, it depends on Bu Qingqiu’s opinion.

“With the support of a certain number of Origin Crystals, Lavis and I should be able to maintain it for a long time. However, there’s a problem. If we gather in a circle and wrap it with energy, this will almost turn us into a small celestial body. We might be affected by something unpredictable!”

“Be careful!”

The moment Yan Lie’s cry of surprise sounded, Yan Lie, who was at the other end of the space cable, instantly disappeared. At the same time, with a loud bang, the other Evolution Realm expert from the European Sector was sent flying. Half of his shoulder suddenly disappeared.

He was hit by a space floating object at high speed and had half of his shoulder cut off. However, before anyone could save him, he instantly turned into ice because his combat uniform was shattered. Even the blood that shot out froze into diamond-like ice.

Yan Lie, who had escaped with his Concealment, was covered in cold sweat.

“Gather and form a circle!”

In the blink of an eve, three people had died. This made Xu Tui’s heart ache. He had painstakingly saved them, but they had died so easily in the harsh environment of outer space. He had to take measures immediately. Otherwise, more Evolution Realm experts might die.

“Surround ! ”

In just 30 seconds, the 16 surviving members of the pioneer raiders, including Bu Qingqiu, Lavis, Xu Tui, and Yan Lie, formed a circle through the space cable.

And it was as small a circle as possible.

The weakest one was in the middle. Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and Gaman, the three Transmutation Realm experts, including Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, and Lavis, were at the periphery.

“I’ll go first. I mainly rely on my mind power. Once my mind power is exhausted, I will need a long period of sleep to recover. Therefore, I need to rest intermittently to ensure my mind power state,” Bu Qingqiu said.

“No problem. As long as I have Origin Crystals, I can recover my energy relatively quickly,” Lavis agreed readily. He had to be happy. If he was unhappy, he would be hammered.

Bu Qingqiu used the container she carried with her to throw out 100 milliliters of water. In an instant, the water turned into ice. However, under Bu Qingqiu’s instantiation, it turned into a huge ice barrier.

There were countless edges on the ice barrier that were still slowly spinning.

It could be seen that this was Bu Qingqiu’s defensive secret technique. Once an attack came, the spinning ice could negate a portion or even most of the force.

With the protection of the ice barrier condensed by Bu Qingqiu, the low-temperature pressure was greatly reduced. Xu Tui did not even need to use his mind power to protect himself. He could maintain a good body temperature just by relying on his combat uniform.

However, Xu Tui did not stay idle. He spread out his mind power in a small range and sensed the situation around him.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui became a little curious. “Miss Bu, in the current scientific research, the reason is that space is a vacuum. There is no water or air. Do we have to use material water to use the abilities of the School of General Senses?”

“Space is a vacuum. There is no water or air, but that doesn’t mean that the original quantum frequency of water doesn’t exist. The original quantum frequency of the main substance was almost everywhere except for some extremely special spaces. I used material water to strengthen my power and reduce the consumption of mind power,” Bu Qingqiu said.

Xu Tui nodded. He tried to use his mental perception to sense the original quantum frequency of water that he had already grasped. However, he could not sense it in space.

But this was normal.

The more active the main substance was, the easier it was to sense the original quantum frequency.

For example, sensing the original quantum frequency of the fire was the easiest in places with volcanoes or flames. Sensing the original quantum frequency of the wood was the easiest in a vibrant forest.

It was the same for water.

There was no water in space. It was extremely difficult to sense it.

Suddenly, Xu Tui, who was sensing the original quantum frequency of water, sensed a very obvious original quantum frequency of water.

The original quantum frequency of this water came from Bu Qingqiu’s ice barrier.

Xu Tui carefully placed his mental perception on it. Bu Qingqiu immediately frowned and glared at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui, who had instantly reacted, quickly apologized and explained, “Miss Bu, I didn’t do it on purpose! I just sensed the original quantum frequency of the water to no avail. I suddenly realized that the original quantum frequency of the ice barrier was extremely conspicuous in space, so I wanted to try it out.”

The reason why he apologized was that what Xu Tui had done just now was more offensive.

To put it simply, a female tank was raising her shield. As a member of the team, touching the shield raised by the female tank was theoretically nothing. However, what if this shield was formed from the body of this female tank?

That was equivalent to touching her.

Bu Qingqiu’s ice barrier was mainly composed of her mind power. It was equivalent to Xu Tui touching her mind power.

Xu Tui’s answer made Bu Qingqiu a little helpless. However, Qu Qingshan, who was at the side, instantly widened his eyes when he saw this exchange. He glared at Xu Tui with his huge dirty bald head. “Xu Tui, how dare you touch my Miss Bu. Do you want to die?

“Do you have me in your eyes?” Qu Qingshan scolded. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui did not mind Qu Qingshan being so angry, but Bu Qingqiu was furious. She kicked Qu Qingshan’s waist and almost kicked Old Qu out.

‘What do you mean by touching me? Can you speak properly?”

“He attacked your mind power. Isn’t that…” Qu Qingshan had an aggrieved expression. He quickly shut his mouth when he saw that Bu Qingqiu was about to kick him again.

An Xiaoxue blinked but did not say anything.

Bu Qingqiu suddenly froze as she glared fiercely at Qu Qingshan. Then, she suddenly looked at Xu Tui. Her voice echoed in Xu Tui’s helmet.

“Xu Tui, you said that you could not sense the original quantum frequency of the water that you had sensed previously in space?” Bu Qingqiu suddenly asked anxiously.

Xu Tui was a little confused. He did not know what was wrong with Bu Qingqiu, so he did not answer immediately.

Bu Qingqiu became anxious. “Answer quickly!”

“Yes. Previously, I only had a preliminary understanding of the original quantum frequency of water. I only mastered a trick of the Water Explosion Technique and a frost puppet. My attainments are not high enough, so it’s normal that I can’t sense it in space,” Xu Tui replied.

“But you also said that the original quantum frequency of my ice barrier is extremely conspicuous in your mental perception?”

This question stunned Xu Tui. He suddenly thought of something.

Xu Tui was stunned. Bu Qingqiu, who had thought of the same question, became anxious. “Tell me quickly! Answer me quickly!”

“Yes!”

After receiving an affirmative answer, Bu Qingqiu’s ordinary chest heaved violently. Even her heart beat faster. “I’ll instantiate another ability. Sense it carefully!”

“Alright.” This time, Xu Tui agreed quickly because he had already thought of the same thing as Bu Qingqiu.

In the next moment, Bu Qingqiu threw out another ball of water. In an instant, the ball of water turned into ice. However, under Bu Qingqiu’s control, the ice lump seemed to come to life and instantly turned into a line of ice. It actually danced up and down in space like a dragon.

It was extremely agile!

During the display, Bu Qingqiu stared intently at Xu Tui. “Can you sense the fluctuations of the original quantum frequency of this Water Attraction Technique?”

Xu Tui closed his eyes and sensed. Bu Qingqiu’s expression was extremely nervous.

Three seconds later, Xu Tui nodded. “Yes! If I had some time, I would have been able to learn this ability.”

Bu Qingqiu’s eyes widened. She looked at Xu Tui and suddenly laughed out loud in the public channel. Her chest rose and fell, but she was still ordinary. However, she could not hide her joy.

“It was worth it! Just based on the fact that I solved the historical problem of the School of General Senses, this trip was worth it! Why had I not thought of this in the past? We’re so stupid!”

Bu Qingqiu muttered. Xu Tui was also pleasantly surprised. Only Qu Qingshan muttered with a suspicious expression.

What was wrong with Miss Bu? Had she been amused by Xu Tui’s touch?