Chapter 1068 - Chapter 1068: The Spiritual Race’S Worry And Space Drifting

Chapter 1068: The Spiritual Race’s Worry and Space Drifting

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In an extremely short period of time, the lightning kept flickering in the starry sky around Tower Asteroid. A few minutes later, Lei Hong returned.

“There are no traces or auras of them 10,000 kilometers around Tower Asteroid. It’s very likely that they ran far away with a secret technique that we don’t know about,” Lei Hong judged with a depressed expression.

“A secret technique that we don’t know about?” Lei Gen frowned. “That’s impossible. It’s impossible for the Blue Star humans to master a secret technique that we don’t know about.”

Being questioned by his junior, Lei Hong was about to flare up when Diwu Hui, a Planetary powerhouse from the Fission Race, suddenly came out of the collapsed entrance.

“I think I’ve found their way of escape.”

Lei Hong and Lei Gen looked over at the same time.

“Here, I discovered the remnant of the quantum jump energy unique to the Great Xi Clan,” Diwu Hui said.

“The Great Xi Clan? That’s impossible. We didn’t notice the Great Xi Clan among Xu Tui’s entourage before.” Lei Hong frowned.

“It’s possible. Xu Tui’s aura was blocked by some force when he re-entered the tunnel after he received their captives.” Lei Gen was still extremely rational and calm. He looked at Diwu Hui and said, “Are you sure? This discovery is very important. I need to report it to the commander-in-chief immediately.”

“I’m sure.” Diwu Hui nodded. “But why don’t we test it again? The Mechanical Spirit Race is also an expert in this aspect.”

“Yin Qi, you do it,” Lei Gen ordered.

The Planetary powerhouse of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin Qi, who was on standby in the distance, instantly turned into a silver light and rushed into the ruins. He began to change his body size for testing.

For this transaction, the Spiritual Race had actually sent out three Planetary experts. The lineup was still very powerful.

rlkvvo minutes later, Yin Qi took out a handful of Origin Crystal powder from the ruins of the tunnel.

“This is probably the evidence. We can also detect the extremely weak energy aura or tne oreat Xl Ulan nere,” Yin said.

After receiving the evidence, Lei Gen took a deep breath and looked at Lei

Hong. “Sir, are you going to report it, or should I?”

Thinking of a possibility, especially the possibility of being scolded by a woman in front of him, Lei Hong shrank his neck and waved his hand. “You do it. You should do it.”

“Has the threat in Lei Xiang’s body been removed?”

“It’s already been taken out.”

After receiving an affirmative answer, Lei Gen walked up to the rescued Lei

Xiang. This was the only gain that gave him the courage to report today. If Lei Xiang also died, Lei Gen would really not know the meaning of this exchange of captives.

“Lei Xiang, what do you think of Xu Tui?”

“Kill him! Kill him at all costs!” The human stick Lei Xiang had a ferocious and crazy expression. However, no one could discover that there was a hint of fear in Lei Xiang’s hatred for Xu Tui.

A few minutes later, after Lei Gen reported to Lei Qian, Lei Qian glared at him and said helplessly, “Report to the commander-in-chief yourself!”

In the end, Lei Tian was furious when he reported it. What he valued the most and hoped to return the most were the two quasi-planetary experts, Lei Wang, Lei Lian, and Lei Xiang.

Lei Xiang could break through to the quasi-planetary realm at any time, while Lei Wang and Lei Lian were already quasi-planetary experts who could stand alone. But now, the people he hoped to exchange for the most had been destroyed at the last step!

They were dead.

One could imagine Lei Tian’s anger.

“So be it! Can’t you exchange them back obediently? Who asked you to do so many twists and turns? Now, all the humans had been taken away, but more than half of our people had been killed on the spot! Can you guys be a little more short-sighted?” In the video call, Lei Tian’s chest was heaving violently. If not for the screen, Lei Gen believed that Lei Tian might have kicked him a few times!

Lei Gen did not dare to defend himself. Could he say that this was Lei Qian and Lei Hong’s decision?

Lei Qian and Lei Hong were watching from the side. Moreover, even if Lei Qian really did something wrong, Lei Tian would only vent his anger on him since she was pregnant.

How should he put it? Lei Qian was an expert at being an adjutant and supporting. However, she could not make decisions. It was relatively short-sighted.

However, the commander-in-chief had clearly relinquished his authority recently.

Lei Gen was a little depressed. Although the commander-in-chief thought highly of him, he did not have enough authority with his strength.

“Sir, when Xu Tui fled with the captives, a Planetary powerhouse from the @@novelbin@@

Great Xi Clan used their short-range jump to escape.”

“Really?”

This major discovery indeed shocked Lei Tian. Lei Gen then took out the evidence and data reasoning, causing Lei Tian to frown on the spot.

The Great Xi Clan was a threat, but the Spiritual Race was not afraid, much less the Blue Star humans. However, if the Great Xi Clan got together with the Blue Star humans, the meaning would be different.

If he was not careful, the consequences might be catastrophic for Lei Tian’s forward operating base.

Lei Tian became anxious on the spot. He contacted Dawn as quickly as he could to confirm the information from them.

Did the Great Xi Clan get involved with the Blue Star humans?

In order to obtain accurate information, Lei Tian even paid a certain price. Half an hour later, Lei Tian, who had obtained accurate information, held a long-range video conference.

“Based on the current information, there are indeed many people on the Blue Star who want to contact the Great Xi Clan, but they have not succeeded. In that case, it was very likely that the Great Xi Clan’s member that Xu Tui had used was his own.

“According to the information, Xu Tui had captured a member of the Great Xi Clan during the battle for the asteroid. However, that member he captured was not very strong. At most, he was a quasi-planet. It could not be in the Planetary realm!

“In other words, it’s very likely that Xu Tui, who was defined as a traitor by the Blue Star humans, contacted the Great Xi Clan alone.” As Lei Tian spoke, he asked Lei Gen, “Lei Gen, based on your previous observations, how much do you think Xu Tui still feels a sense of belonging to the Blue Star? Is there any possibility of him surrendering?”

“Sir, I’ve tried. There’s no possibility of him coming to our side! Although he has been defined as a traitor, his sense of belonging to the Huaxia Sector is very strong!” Lei Gen said.

“He feels a strong sense of belonging? In that case, if he contacts the Great Xi Clan, it’s very likely that he will pass this connection to the Huaxia Sector?” Lei Tian frowned.

This was the last situation he wanted to see.

Not to mention that the Blue Star might be picked by the Great Xi Clan. What was worse was that once the Great Xi Clan joined forces with the Blue Star humans, it would directly threaten the safety of his forward operating base.

“Sir, I have a question,” Lei Gen suddenly asked.

“Speak! ”

“I want to know how accurate do you think that the Blue Star has not contacted the Great Xi Clan at the moment and that Xu Tui has only one-sidedly established a connection with the Great Xi Clan? Is there a possibility of information error?”

“The accuracy is very high. It’s more than 90%. This is a unique intelligence channel of mine. Don’t doubt it,” Lei Tian replied.

“If that’s the case, we only need to do one thing well now to solve this hidden danger. Chase and kill Xu Tui!” Lei Gen said.

“That’s right. It’s just that in the vast universe, we still need a certain amount of luck to track them down,” Lei Tian said.

“Sir, my suggestion is to send out Planetary powerhouses who don’t have any missions for the time being to search the surroundings of the asteroid belt. They would look for Xu Tui eventually. The vast universe is as vast to everyone!” Lei Gen said.

Lei Tian nodded. “Then Lei Hong, Diwu Hui, and Yin Qi, the three of you will temporarily be in charge of this matter!

“Remember, take action after you discover Xu Tui and the others!”

Lei Hong, Diwu Hui, and Yin Qi revealed helpless expressions. Searching the vast universe was actually a difficult task. However, Lei Tian had given the order, so they could only accept it.

Although Lavis had increased his upper limit of strength because of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and allowed him to undergo a super-limit jump, his strength was still a little lacking.

The moment the transition was completed, the transition energy circle had long collapsed. The 20 -odd people were thrown into space and scattered freely. Moreover, because of their speed, they began to accelerate.

In the Evolution Realm, not many people had the ability to fly.

Fortunately, there were two quasi-planetary experts and three Transmutation Realm experts. Coupled with Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and the others, it took some time to gather everyone into a group.

Bu Qingqiu and Lavis, the two quasi-planets, worked together to create an energy body to focus everyone in space and not disperse.

However, Bu Qingqiu’s expression was very serious.

“We have to find an aircraft or a planet or even a meteorite as soon as possible.

Otherwise, we won’t be able to survive in space for long in our current state. Especially the people who were exchanged. Their combat uniforms are half-damaged and they don’t have enough life-support abilities.”

Xu Tui had brought five sets of combat uniforms with him in the Dimensional Quantum Chain. He had already taken them out and put them on for his close friends.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain space was too small. It would be impressive if he could stuff an Aerospace Combat Jet into it.

However, Xu Tui was prepared.

Xu Tui took out an extremely hardiness soft rope from the quantum dimensional chain. Then, he connected everyone through the safety catch. This way, they could temporarily form a whole.

A few Transmutation Realm experts and two quasi-planets exerted force at the same time. They could even change the direction of their flight. It temporarily resolved their urgent need.

“That’s not a solution. We can’t last long in space,” Gaman said anxiously.

“Choose a direction and fly! It depends on our luck. If we encounter a suitable celestial body, land,” Xu Tui said.

This was not a solution.

Under normal circumstances, he would be hitting the jackpot.

Fortunately, this was an asteroid belt. The probability of encountering a celestial body was many times higher in outer space.

Of course, Xu Tui hoped that Tri Ling Ding could sense their location and quickly rush over with Ah Huang. That would be the ultimate way out.

But now, he could only drift in space.

The only relief was that there were two quasi-planets.

It was only at this moment that Qu Qingshan touched his bald head excitedly.

“Miss Bu, why are you here?”

“What do you think?” Bu Qingqiu glared at Qu Qingshan..