Chapter 1064 - Chapter 1064: Two-Second Countdown

Chapter 1064: Two-second Countdown

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

January 28th, in the sky supply ship.

“Xu Tui, the quantum matrix radar has already detected the target planet. According to the current speed, it will arrive in five hours.” Ah Huang had already taken over the automatic driving of the fleet.

There were actually a total of five people in this fleet, if Ah Huang could be considered a human.

Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, Yan Lie, Lavis, and Ah Huang.

Ah Huang had grown much taller because Xu Tui had given it another half of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. It had stabilized from 1.4 meters to 1.58 meters. It could have grown to about 1.62 meters.

However, Ah Huang continued to pile up her ferocity. She said that she was not tall enough, but she had to be fierce.

The sad thing was that Bu Qingqiu had already taken the opportunity to hammer her three times.

Who asked her to keep walking in front of Bu Qingqiu?

“Five hours.”

Xu Tui nodded. He would have to start making preparations at this distance.

First of all, a portion of the fleet had to be distributed. Otherwise, Xu Tui and the others would not be able to return if there was a conflict and the fleet was destroyed.

There were many important resources on the sky supply ship. It definitely could not go to the Tower Asteroid.

In the end, Xu Tui decided to fly only one Aerospace Combat Jet over.

Although it was a little crowded, he could just stack an arhat on the captives’ side. Captives had no human rights.

“By the way, Tri Ling Ding, at this distance, even with the quantum wave force field, you can vaguely sense the aura of your colony, right? Otherwise, wouldn’t the antenna on your head have grown for nothing?” Xu Tui teased.

“Boss, I can’t sense it.”

Tri Ling Ding’s words made Xu Tui’s expression freeze. His expression suddenly became serious. “Are you sure? Was it because you could not express your abilities clearly? Or could you not sense it? Tri Ling Ding, I need an accurate answer. This concerns our lives!”

“Boss, there’s no problem with my ability! In fact, two days ago, I could vaguely sense the auras of the two low-level colonies. It was just very, very blurry. Under normal circumstances, if we got closer and closer to the two colonies, this blurry life perception would become clearer.

“However, in the past two days, my blurry perception of their lives has not improved. Instead, it has become even blurrier,” Tri Ling Ding replied.

“According to you, we’ve been getting further and further away from those two colonies since two days ago?”

“You can say that. Although it’s not in the opposite direction, it’s definitely not close,” Tri Ling Ding said firmly.

“Hah!”

This was fun. This meant that the Spiritual Race had played a trick.

“Ah Huang, continue to advance toward the target planet.” Xu Tui took a deep breath and looked at the captives.

He had to choose one and send fireworks to the Spiritual Race.

Five hours later, Xu Tui’s fleet arrived above the Tower Asteroid that they had agreed with the Spiritual Race. This asteroid had a thin atmosphere. However, from the telemetry image, it was pitch-black and did not have any life fluctuations.

“Miss Bu, Old Yan, stay in the supply ship. It will always be safest for you to stay with the captives. Remember, trust me!

“Although I had not completely stepped into the Transmutation Realm, with the Origin Crystal ability seal card in my hand, even one or two Planetary experts would not be able to kill me in an instant!

“As long as they can’t kill me in an instant or capture me alive, there won’t be any safety problems!”

Bu Qingqiu and Yan Lie nodded at the same time in response to Xu Tui’s instructions.

The time to risk his life had arrived.

“Old Yan, help me choose an unlucky person.”

“This guy has eaten a lot these few days.” Yan Lie casually took out a

Transmutation Realm expert from the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division.

Even now, he did not understand what Xu Tui meant by unlucky. He did not know what was going to happen.

He could only look at Xu Tui in fear.

In the next moment, Xu Tui held him under his armpit. He was also holding a 20-kilogram three-phase thermal bomb in his hand. He pulled down the mask of his combat uniform. The flying sword instantly flashed to his feet and instantly flew straight into the thin atmosphere of the asteroid.

“I’m here. Where are you?” Xu Tui shouted in the communication channel that the Spiritual Race had given him previously.

“We’re here.”

A voice sounded leisurely. In the distance, lightning exploded slightly. Lei

Hong, who was tall and surrounded by lightning, appeared in the distance.

“Just you?”

An arc appeared on Lei Hong’s lips. “Where are the captives you brought?”

“In the battleship.”

Lei Hong’s gaze swept past the supply ship. In an instant, at least five bolts of lightning appeared behind the supply ship. There were five quasi-planets.

The five quasi-planets of the Spiritual Race instantly surrounded the supply ship that had a defensive shield.

At this moment, Xu Tui, who had come out alone, looked unprecedentedly lonely and weak.

“Let them out. I’ll bring you to receive your captives.” Lei Hong stared coldly at Xu Tui. The dignity of a powerful Planetary powerhouse pressed toward Xu Tui without holding back. He wanted to use this opportunity to intimidate Xu Tui.

“This is not in line with the process we agreed on during our previous negotiations.”

“So what if it’s not in line? Just complete the transaction in the end!”

There was something that Lei Hong did not say. The reason why their attitude was so tough was that they had already investigated continuously. There was no sign of a Planetary powerhouse behind Xu Tui’s fleet for a day.

The possibility of a Planetary powerhouse hiding in the fleet was also extremely low. Before this, they had already silently investigated.

Xu Tui also laughed when he heard that. “Lei Hong, in your opinion, do I have no choice now that I’m here?”

Lei Hong did not respond to Xu Tui because he did not want to provoke him. However, his attitude was extremely clear.

That was what he meant!

“It seems that Lei Xiang is right. You of the Spiritual Race are indeed brainless.

Lei Qian will probably regret sending you. I don’t have a choice, but I have another path! We’ll die together!”

Lei Hong’s gaze shifted. Although Xu Tui spoke fiercely, he was unmoved.

How could it be that simple?

Dying calmly has always been the most difficult thing in the universe.

Xu Tui loosened his grip when he saw Lei Hong. He threw the Transmutation Realm captive of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division out.

“Lei Hong, I wonder how fast you can be? Countdown of two seconds!”

Lei Hong frowned. He did not understand what Xu Tui’s two-second countdown meant, but he still waved his hand. Another quasi-planetary expert instantly rushed out from behind Lei Hong and went to snatch the

Transmutation Realm captive from the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division.

This person charged extremely quickly. In just a second, he had crossed a distance of 5,000 meters and caught the Transmutation Realm captive of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division. However, his expression instantly changed the moment he caught it.

Before he could push it away, the Transmutation Realm captive of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division he had caught had three balls of powerful energy fluctuations and instantly exploded.

A powerful energy fluctuation instantly covered a radius of five meters. The shockwave that brought with it a rain of blood caused the quasi-planetary expert, who was extremely close, to retreat with a dull grunt. Blood appeared in his mouth.

The Transmutation Realm captive from the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division just now had already disappeared!

The three ultra-micro fusion timers exploded from the inside at the same time and were completely blasted into a rain of blood.

Lei Hong’s expression instantly became extremely ugly. He did not expect Xu Tui to dare to kill someone under such circumstances.

While Lei Hong was in shock, the quasi-planetary expert from the Thunder Division was furious!

Xu Tui had killed his fellow clansmen in front of him, and he had toyed with them. As long as they had any guts, their blood would boil! Wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth, the quasi-planetary expert from the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division instantly turned into a bolt of lightning and blasted toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui laughed crazily when he saw this. “Come, come, come! Come at me! As long as I’m beaten up today, all the three-phase thermal bombs will be detonated at the same time!”

Xu Tui laughed loudly. He pinched a detonator-like switch with his fingers.

“Stop!”

“Come back!”

There were two exclamations. One was Lei Hong, and the other was Lei Qian’s delicate voice. It came from the communication channel.

However, the quasi-planetary expert had attacked with hatred just now and was extremely fast.

The lightning was about to hit Xu Tui’s head, but he did not dodge. He stood upright and allowed the lightning to strike him. His eyes were extremely determined.

At this moment, Lei Hong was a little flustered.

He was really a little flustered!

He could not afford to gamble!

Lightning instantly poured out of Lei Hong’s hand. The lightning was extremely fast. Not only did Lei Hong’s lightning shatter the lightning of the quasi-planet, but it also blasted the quasi-planet away. Blood spurted out of his mouth again.

The depression of the quasi-planetary expert from the Thunder Division could be imagined.

His clansmen had been killed by the enemy in front of him. He wen revenge, but he was blasted back by his own people.

He hated it!

However, there was nothing he could do. He was so angry that he screamed!

“Come, kill me. Why aren’t you here?” Xu Tui laughed arrogantly. “It was worth it to have three quasi-planetary experts from the Spiritual Race, Lei Xiang, Lei Wang, and Lei Lian, to die with me!

“Come, kill me. Why aren’t you here?” Xu Tui roared crazily.

The projection of Lei Qian’s light screen appeared in front of Lei Hong. “Xu Tui,

I’m sorry. There was a deviation in our communication.”

“Just a slight deviation? There’s no need to explain. Everyone understands!” Lei Qian still wanted to say something, but Xu Tui stopped her with words.

“Alright, I promise that this won’t happen again.”

“Alright, let’s carry out the transaction,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as he said that, Lei Qian revealed a troubled expression again. “Xu Tui, I was worried that you would have a trick up your sleeve, so this asteroid is not the Tower Asteroid! If you want to trade for captives, you have to transfer to the real Tower Asteroid!” @@novelbin@@

“Oh!” Xu Tui replied meaningfully, “It looks like the integrity of the Spiritual Race is very low. This doesn’t meet the agreement we made when we negotiated previously.”

“Kid, stop talking nonsense! If you want to exchange for someone, so be it. We’re also guarding against any traps. We’ll give you the location of the Tower Asteroid. You can just rush to the location of the Tower Asteroid to trade!” Lei Hong shouted.

Xu Tui glanced at Lei Hong and stared at Lei Qian’s virtual projection. “Adjutant Wex, it looks like you lack some necessary understanding of me. Yes, two seconds!” Xu Tui snapped his fingers.

In the next moment, a Transmutation Realm captive from the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division was shot out of the supply ship.

Lei Hong was stunned, but Lei Qian reacted immediately. She screamed through the projection, “Xu Tui, stop immediately! Stop your dangerous actions! Don’t test our bottom line!”

Amidst Lei Qian’s screams, the Transmutation Realm captive of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division exploded again. It exploded into a rain of blood and bones, leaving nothing behind.

In the projection, the pregnant Lei Qian was furious. Her face was a little distorted.

At the same time, all the quasi-planets present, including Lei Hong’s aura, locked onto Xu Tui. It was as if they would launch a thunderous attack on Xu Tui with Lei Qian’s order.

“Heh, you were the ones who challenged my bottom line first! Come, kill me. We’ll finish playing together! Are you very angry? I’m even angrier! Come, another one! Two-second countdown!”

Xu Tui snapped his fingers again.

In the next moment, another figure was thrown out of the supply ship.

On the projection screen, Lei Qian’s pretty face, which had been contorted by anger, immediately changed. She said sincerely, ‘Xu Tui, we were wrong.

Please stop for now..”