Chapter 1063 - Chapter 1063: Accountability And Fierceness

Chapter 1063: Accountability and Fierceness

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Once the various sectors of the Blue Star got serious, they would be very efficient.

After confirming that there were no problems with the Mars crater base, the various sectors of the Blue Star immediately began to investigate.

As all kinds of clues gathered, the truth gradually appeared.

Xu Tui from the Huaxia Sector had abducted the captives of the Spiritual Race. His motive for doing so was to save his teacher, An Xiaoxue.

Under normal circumstances, the Blue Star still had a certain level of control over the fleets that went out. For example, positioning, long-range control, and the ultimate safety program.

Unfortunately, all of these methods were ineffective on the Aerospace Combat Jets and the supply ship that Xu Tui had taken away. This sounded a warning bell in the Blue Star. At the same time, the blame began.

Someone tried to bring Xu Tui’s personal actions to the attention of the Huaxia Sector and make them take responsibility, but they did not succeed in the end.

However, Cai Shaochu’s Galaxy Spirit Research Institute could not escape.

That was because the pass that Xu Tui used to pass through the quantum teleportation channel was signed by the Galaxy Color Research Institute and Cai Shaochu.

It could be said that other than Xu Tui’s amazing methods of breaking into prison, the main reason why he left Mars and successfully escaped Manut was because he had a normal order to pass through.

From this point, Cai Shaochu could not absolve himself of the blame.

Actually, at this point, he would be a fool if they could not tell that Xu Tui’s operation had the support of Cai Shaochu.

However, evidence was evidence, and strength was strength.

This was politics!

If it was an ordinary person with such a tendency, they would lock them up for interrogation first. However, who dared to do that to Cai Shaochu? Who would dare to touch him without solid evidence?

Even if they had solid evidence, they had to consider many aspects of preparation before they dared to mess with Cai Shaochu. Otherwise, they would be asking for trouble!

Therefore, in the end, they could only talk about their responsibilities.

Cai Shaochu admitted that because of his negligence in management, he had automatically resigned as the director of the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute. He had resigned as the principal of the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

The Blue Star Genetic Committee accepted Cai Shaochu’s resignation.

However, this punishment was meaningless.

The Galaxy Spirit Research Institute was founded by Cai Shaochu. If he resigned, he would only resign. Who could take over?

Who dared to take over?

The real loss was actually the position of the principal of the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

However, in the subsequent meeting, Wei Bin suggested that Cai Shaochu be the principal of the Blue Star Asteroid Belt Genetic Evolution College.

In essence, he did not suffer any losses.

Due to the restrictions of the Moon and Phobos’ quantum teleportation channel, Cai Shaochu would only be able to stay on the Manut asteroid for a long time in the future. He would not be able to return to the moon.

He could only hold an empty title in the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College, so it was better to resign.

Due to Xu Tui’s incident, the Huaxia Sector only had one true loss. Gai Sheng had resigned from his position as the commander of the Mars crater base.

Currently, it was agreed that the six alliances would send people to take turns to be the commander of the Mars crater base for a term of two years.

Gai Sheng would need another year to step down from his position. However, he had stepped down early because of this incident.

The storm passed just like that.

However, under the lead of the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s director, Raymont, and the others, Xu Tui was defined as a traitor. The extra-terrestrial wanted him and issued a bounty of 5,000 grams of Origin Crystals, but they did not announce it internally on the Blue Star.

After all, Xu Tui could be considered a hero of the Blue Star in the past. They had even emphasized on promoting it.

Just as the relevant situation of this matter ended, on the moon, Wei Bin, the person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial of the Huaxia Sector, opened a meeting request. Not long after, Cai Shaochu’s virtual projection sat opposite Wei Bin.

“Do you know their whereabouts?” Wei Bin took the initiative to ask.

“Not at the moment. However, according to Xu Tui’s estimate before he set off, the results might be after January 27th.”

“They can only arrive on Tower Asteroid after January 27th?”

“I think so.”

“Have you taken care of everything?”

“The mapping of the star map, including their future development direction, and many development plans have been suggested. However, how far they can go depends on them,” Cai Shaochu said.

“He should be able to do it well. I believe in my judgment.” Wei Bin was clearly very confident in Xu Tui.

Cai Shaochu looked at Wei Bin’s confident expression and shook his head with a bitter smile. “Tell me, is it good for you to scheme against a child like this?”

“Am I scheming?” Wei Bin retorted, “Am I as dark as you? I’m just taking advantage of the situation. I hope everything goes smoothly for them…” “What if they really come back?”

“It would be a good thing if they really returned. I’ll get them a brand new set of identities and information, the kind that the officials guarantee. I’ll be angry with whoever investigates!” Wei Bin said.

“That sounds more like human language.” With that, Cai Shaochu’s virtual projection disappeared.

It was January 26th.

Although time changed and corrected as he drove in the vast space, Xu Tui still liked to use the Blue Star’s calendar to calculate the time.

Xu Tui had been traveling in the vast space for half a month. According to the location given by the Spiritual Race, he would be able to arrive at the Tower Asteroid in a day or two for the exchange.

As a result, Xu Tui contacted Lei Qian again.

This time, Xu Tui did not use the communication disk. Instead, he used the frequency given by the Ling Clan to capture the communication frequency of a Spiritual Race’s member and communicated with Lei Qian. To be able to directly capture the communication frequency of the Spiritual Race meant that they were not far from Tower Asteroid.

“Adjutant Lei, you should have seen the video I sent you previously, right?”

“I saw it. Mr. Xu, to be honest, we haven’t used any methods in your people’s bodies so far,” Lei Qian said.

“Adjutant Lei, there’s no need to waste your breath. We both understand the reason. It’s just a means of self-protection. According to your location, we’re about to arrive at the Tower Asteroid. I need to re-establish the situation of the captives and contact our people. This is the transaction request we made previously,” Xu Tui said.

“Sure. Of course, this request is mutual.”

“No problem.”

Ten minutes later, the video screen appeared again. The appearances of Qu Qingshan, An Xiaoxue, and the others appeared in the video again.

In the video, Qu Qingshan’s bald head had already turned black. It was very dirty. This was a sign of lack of water.

Ah Huang analyzed the video. Qu Qingshan’s face in the video was clearly smaller than Qu Qingshan’s in the video half a month ago.

Lack of food!

The situation of An Xiaoxue and the others was already very bad. If Xu Tui had waited a few more days, the worst might have happened.

“The call only lasts a minute. Please cherish it.”

In the temporary base on Tower Asteroid, the annoying buzzing sound from the tunnel ahead made Qu Qingshan frown slightly. They knew very well that this was the detection equipment of the Spiritual Race.

“Old Wen, Xiaoxue, what should we do if the Spiritual Race doesn’t fall for it?

They always send unmanned machines down, but they don’t send experts. Damn it, I didn’t even have a chance to drag someone down with me. If this drags on, it would be too aggrieved if we starve to death here.” Qu Qingshan licked his cracked lips.

“That’s right. It would be too aggrieved to starve to death.” Wen Shao had an indignant expression. He had long lost his hat. His messy hair displayed the horn on his head. He looked exceptionally unique.

“Since none of them are coming down, we can only charge! It will depend on our luck if we can take a few away,” An Xiaoxue, who was sitting cross-legged behind him, said calmly.

“Why don’t we fake a surrender?” Wen Shao suddenly suggested.

Qu Qingshan stared coldly at Wen Shao. “Why do you keep mentioning that you want to fake a surrender? Don’t tell me you want to make it real.”

“Get lost. You’re the one who wants to play real surrender! I just want to drag a few people down with me before I die.”

“We can’t fake our surrender! We’ve been fighting for a hundred years. The Spiritual Race knows us very well.” An Xiaoxue rejected this suggestion. “Use the last of our resources to recover. I feel that the Spiritual Race seems to be keeping us for something! In that case, if we rushed out of the tunnel, they would not kill us directly!

“As long as we rushed out of the tunnel, we would have a chance! At that time, it would depend on our luck if we could take a few away. The day after tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, let’s charge together,” An Xiaoxue decided.

“Alright, let’s form a team of three. Each of us will have a three-phase thermal bomb. Let’s be honored and drag someone down with us,” Qu Qingshan replied.

“Alright, it can be considered… a relief,” Wen Shao said.

“Don’t worry, Old Wen. I’ll definitely keep an eye on you! I won’t give you a chance to surrender.” Qu Qingshan smiled.

“Get lost. I’ll be anxious if you say it again!” Wen Shao’s neck turned red. He looked like he was about to become anxious.

“Miss An, Mr. Qu?”

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s voice came from the drone on the other side. This instantly caused the remaining team to fall silent.

“Illusion? Why does it sound like Xu Tui’s voice?” Qu Qingshan dug his ears with his black nails.

“It’s really me!”

In the drone, Xu Tui explained the current situation as quickly as he could.

After three seconds of silence, An Xiaoxue said coldly, “Don’t come. Go back. Turn around and return immediately!” @@novelbin@@

“That’s right. Turn around and return immediately. Don’t come!” Qu Qingshan also reacted.

“Although I know that you’re not here to save me, Xu Tui, I still have to advise you to go back. Don’t come! You’ll only be tempting fate if you come,” Wen Shao said with a bitter smile.

“I’m almost there. I won’t give up.”

As soon as he finished speaking, An Xiaoxue placed her hand on the three-phase thermal bomb. “Return immediately. Otherwise, I’ll detonate this three-phase thermal bomb now and make you hopeless.”

In the supply ship, Xu Tui was stunned. An Xiaoxue’s perseverance was even stronger than he had imagined.

“Xiaoxue, don’t be impulsive! Let me tell you, I can’t go back even if I want to now. The time we have to communicate is limited. I can only say that I am completely confident. Listen to me. Everyone has to recover to their best state.

Wait for me—”

The communication was cut off!

The image returned to his contact with Lei Qian.

“It looks like your relationship with your teacher is not ordinary.” In the image, the pregnant Lei Qian was sitting there and looking at Xu Tui with a smile.

“Of course!” Xu Tui, who had calmed down, admitted generously, “I hope that you can show enough sincerity for the exchange the day after tomorrow. I don’t want to use the method of mutual destruction. But I will definitely not hesitate.”

“Don’t worry. Our blood relatives in the Thunder Division are also extremely important to us.”

“Then let’s meet on the Tower Asteroid the day after tomorrow.”

“See you on the Tower Asteroid..”