Chapter 1060 - Chapter 1060: Treatment And Unexpected Guests (2)

Chapter 1060: Treatment and Unexpected Guests (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He mourned for the amorous Gallo for a few minutes. He would probably be traumatized by all the encounters in the future.

Under normal circumstances, there would not be many guards in the prison.

However, because they were holding captives of the Spiritual Race, there were guards inside.

Other than the quasi-planetary expert, there were also three Transmutation Realms and five Evolution Realm guards stationed inside.

Xu Tui started hypnotizing from the strongest Transmutation Realm. If he could not hypnotize him, he would use the same trick and continue to let Ah Huang lure him away.

The Spiritual Nebula in his body gathered into a silver star core. Under the activation of the Planetary powerhouse’s mental star core, the three

Transmutation Realm powerhouses were successfully hypnotized by him.

Then, the five Evolution Realm experts were also successfully hypnotized.

After the hypnosis of the guards was successful, Xu Tui boldly hypnotized the guards at the entrance.

Everything went smoothly.

With the strength of Xu Tui’s current mental body, he could hypnotize anyone as long as they were not at the powerful Transmutation experts of the Supernatural Branch.

Five minutes after Gallo was transferred away, the small door on the door of the Mars Prison opened automatically. Xu Tui entered the prison as if no one was around. However, entering the interior of the prison did not mean that he could do whatever he wanted. The interior was also divided into cells.

Under normal circumstances, as long as one forcefully broke through any of the access restrictions, it would trigger an alarm.

However, Xu Tui did not need it.

Xu Tui, who had already obtained Level 1 rights in the prison, could easily open the passageway and the cell with the help of the hypnotized guards. Gradually, some of the prisoners realized that something was wrong. They crawled to the door of the cell and looked at Xu Tui, who was carrying people out of the cell.

The Blue Star had very good control over these Spiritual Race’s captives. Not only were their strength restricted, but they were also wearing a mind power shield hat. According to the content of the negotiation between Xu Tui and Lei Qian, Xu Tui had no way or way of bringing all the captives out.

In the end, Lei Qian’s bottom line was that if Xu Tui wanted the Spiritual Race to exchange captives according to Xu Tui’s request, all the exchange factors would follow Xu Tui’s arrangements. Then, Xu Tui would have to bring the two quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race, Lei Xiang, and five Transmutation Realm experts with the surname Lei.

He could ignore those at the Evolution Realm. However, he had to bring the eight people from the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division over. Under such circumstances, Lei Qian could completely satisfy Xu Tui’s request.

Xu Tui agreed.

Bringing along the captives that the Spiritual Race needed was also an additional bargaining chip for Xu Tui. As for the other problems, he had to think about them after he had exchanged for An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and the others.

Soon, Xu Tui found the two quasi-planetary captives of the Spiritual Race. One was called Lei Wang, and the other was called Lei Lian.

Other than the fact that these two people had been completely dealt with by the Blue Star, they looked a little miserable. One of them had clearly been subjected to vivisection research. Moreover, because of the long-term interrogation, their auras had fallen from the quasi-planetary to the Transmutation Realm.

Although they would be able to recover quickly as long as they had enough energy in the future, it was convenient for Xu Tui to do things now.

A minute later, Xu Tui found Lei Xiang.

Lei Xiang still looked like a human stick. Perhaps it was because he had given a more thorough confession, but other than still looking like a human stick, his body had actually gained weight.

The moment he saw Xu Tui, Lei Xiang instinctively trembled. His most terrifying life experience was probably when he was captured by the Worldly Special Force. However, in the next second, when Lei Xiang saw Xu Tui carry him out and throw him beside Lei Wang and Lei Lian, an indescribable surprise suaaemy appearea on ms race. “IS… IS rms an excnangef”

Previously, in the initial negotiations, as a condition, the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans had also video-called each other to watch the situation of the captives.

“You could say that.”

In his surprise, Lei Xiang watched as Xu Tui kept carrying people away. However, he quickly noticed something amiss. “Why… are these guards unconscious? How could this be? What… What exactly do you want to do? I…

really confessed everything!”

“So, cooperate! Otherwise, I might be killed on the spot, and you might be killed as a fugitive on the spot.”

Xu Tui did not mind joking with Lei Xiang.

Five minutes later, a transport vehicle that was not displayed in the surveillance cameras of the Mars crater base arrived at the entrance of the prison. There was a container with at least two layers of lead alloy on the transport vehicle. The words “Galaxy Spirit Research Institute” were printed on the container. It was very eye-catching.

Xu Tui opened the container and threw Lei Xiang and the others in. It was sealed and he sat in the front passenger seat. The transport vehicle drove quickly toward the quantum teleportation channel of the Mars base.

At this moment, because of the commotion caused by Little Sweetheart and the troubles of certain illnesses, Gallo, who was feeling uneasy, had just arrived at the command center of the European Sector’s Mars base.

Fourteen minutes had passed.

Punctuality was Gallo’s quality.

However, just as Gallo was about to enter the command center, his personal communication device vibrated and he received another message. “The commander is in emergency communication with the Moon. He can’t meet with Mr. Gallo at the moment. Please wait for the notice later.”

After cursing, Gallo could only leave. Gallo, who had wanted to return to the prison area to continue guarding, felt his lower body turn cold when he thought of Little Sweetheart’s cries.

On second thought, he turned toward the Mars Base Hospital. If he was sick, he had to be treated early!

On the way to the quantum teleportation channel of the Mars base, Xu Tui asked Ah Huang to send an electronic pass in the name of the Mars crater base. However, this pass could not pass through the quantum teleportation channel of the Mars base because of its rights.

However, Xu Tui had another way. @@novelbin@@

“Ah Huang, be prepared to attack the Mars base’s fire control system and main control system at any time. Lock onto the energy explosion point and be prepared to cause chaos at any time.” Xu Tui gave the order before he arrived at the quantum teleportation channel.

“Understood. Target locked on! We can cause chaos at any time.”

“Send me the list of people on duty in the quantum teleportation channel today.”

Due to relatively important reasons, there was a quasi-planetary on duty in the quantum teleportation channel of the Mars base.

There were at least two Planetary powerhouses guarding the Mars crater base.

As long as there were any problems with the quantum teleportation Tunnel, these two Planetary powerhouses would be able to reach the fortress of the quantum teleportation channel in three seconds.

However, the status of a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse was rather noble. It was mainly to deal with unexpected incidents and various situations. It was impossible for him to guard the door.

Under normal circumstances, the captain of the guards at the fortress was at most at the Transmutation Realm. The people who carried out the inspection mission at the door were usually at the Evolution Realm.

This was Xu Tui’s chance.

When the vehicle entered the quantum teleportation fortress of the Mars crater base, the people who came out to check were three Evolution Realm officers from different sectors.

Although Xu Tui had used the name of the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute, he had to go through the necessary document process. The leader glanced at Xu Tui’s electronic access document and frowned slightly. “Researcher Xu, I’m sorry. Your access document…”

It was also at this moment that the lead Evolution Realm inspector had a dazed expression. “The access document is correct. Please… pass!”

“We haven’t checked the internal goods yet. We need to open the box to take a look.” Another inspector saw this dissimilation.

Xu Tui took the initiative to walk closer. He smiled and took out a stack of documents. “Look, the things here are all top-secret. There’s proof here.” “You have to open the box for a life test even if you have proof. A nuclear test…” Xu Tui’s silent spiritual resonance successfully hypnotized the two Evolution

Officers.

He was allowed to pass!

Xu Tui’s heart was in his mouth the moment he entered the quantum teleportation fortress. The quasi-planetary experts guarding this place did not appear.

He had succeeded!

More importantly, there was no need to queue for passage between Mars and the Manut asteroid.

He could pass directly. With one of the hypnotized inspectors leading the way, Xu Tui successfully arrived at the quantum teleportation channel.

The quasi-planet had not appeared either.

Just as Xu Tui was feeling happy, a flame suddenly shot over from behind and landed in front of Xu Tui, revealing its figure.

Ruan Tianzuo!

Xu Tui’s heart instantly sank when he saw who it was..