Chapter 1065 - Chapter 1065: Separated, Future Commander

Chapter 1065: Separated, Future Commander

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The third captive of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division, who was at the

Transmutation Realm, did not explode after Lei Qian quickly changed her

expression and admitted her mistake.

The two-second countdown was stopped by Xu Tui.

In the current situation, these captives of the Spiritual Race were Xu Tui’s greatest support. However, he could not go overboard.

This time, Xu Tui brought out a total of eight captives. Lei Wang, Lei Lian, two quasi-planetary experts, Lei Xiang, and two Transmutation Realm experts.

At this moment, two of them had exploded. The more he exploded, the less bargaining chips Xu Tui had.

Although the two quasi-planetary experts and Lei Xiang were the greatest bargaining chips, An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan were still trapped. Therefore, Xu Tui had to save his energy.

The main goal of killing these two captives was to intimidate the Spiritual Race and display his determination. At the same time, he wanted to threaten the

Spiritual Race. There was only one goal in all of this—safely exchange for An Xiaoxue and the others.

The third captive was a Transmutation Realm cultivator from the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division. Although he did not explode, because of Xu Tui’s previous methods, no one from the Spiritual Race went to save him.

Therefore, under everyone’s gazes, Xu Tui swaggered over on his sword and caught the captive of the Spiritual Race who had been thrown out without anyone caring.

None of the quasi-planetary and Planetary experts of the Spiritual Race dared to attack Xu Tui.

Xu Tui slowly picked up the captive who had not exploded and threw him back into the supply ship. Then, he looked at Lei Qian again.

“Adjutant Lei, I don’t want there to be a next time. If there is a next time, it might be one of Lei Wang, Lei Lian, and Lei Xiang. Think about it yourselves. By the way, before we continue our cooperation, there’s a small video that I want you to watch.”

Xu Tui waved his hand, and Ah Huang projected the previous surgery video into the air. “Here, I implanted something into the bodies of a few Spiritual Race captives. As long as I press the button, it will activate automatically in two seconds. ”

This scene made Lei Qian, Lei Hong, and the others want to vomit blood.

It was no wonder that Xu Tui was so confident. This was equivalent to controlling the life and death of the captives. This way, they would appear extremely passive in the exchange. To a certain extent, the importance of this exchange of captives was even more urgent for the Spiritual Race.

“That’s basically it. In any case, I only have one rotten life. If you guys play dirty again, at most, we’ll die together! Don’t doubt it. I was mentally prepared for this when I came here! Of course, that’s if I can survive.” At this moment, Xu Tui smiled slyly.

That smile made Lei Hong want to slap him twice.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui, who had obtained the true location of Tower Asteroid, calmly returned to the supply ship. Before he closed the cabin door, he turned around and said, “Then I’ll see you in two days. Oh, yes, don’t send anyone to follow us! If we discover them, we don’t mind throwing out Lei Xiang, Lei Wang, and Lei Lian to watch fireworks.”

Lei Qian gritted her teeth, while Lei Hong was so angry that his face turned ashen. He could only watch as Xu Tui’s fleet left.

“Adjutant Lei, are we really not going to chase after them?” Lei Hong could not take it anymore when he saw Xu Tui leave.

“Then can you remove the miniature bombs implanted in Lei Xiang, Lei Wang, and Lei Lian within two seconds?” Lei Qian asked.

Lei Hong was silent.

NO!

This was an impossible mission even when he knew the exact location and implantation method and the state of the miniature bomb.

Two seconds was definitely impossible. Two minutes was more like it. “In that case, we will be very passive! Even if the deal is completed, they can activate the miniature bombs remotely at any time and destroy our hostages.” Lei Hong frowned.

“That’s a possibility. We have to be fully prepared.” Lei Qian was also worried about this problem. “Since his miniature bomb has a timer function, there must be a relevant electronic or other particle control equipment.

“As long as we find the right direction for these technological equipment, we will easily eliminate the threat.”

“However, there are many electronic and particle control technologies in technological equipment.”

“It’s alright. How high can the technology of the Blue Star humans be? Prepare all the shielding devices. Use them all. Then, gather the technological experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race and crack it in the shortest time possible,” Lei Qian said.

“What about the previous plan?” Lei Hong asked cautiously.

“Continue with the preparations. As long as we confirm that the threat of our people is removed, we’ll take action immediately!” At this point, Lei Qian sneered. “He killed them in front of us and is still so arrogant. How can we let him leave so easily! Even if we give him time to leave, you have to be prepared.

rlWvo Planetary experts. If they catch up, they can wipe them out!” “I don’t need two. I can wipe them out alone!” Lei Hong said.

“Two days later, prepare for a normal transaction. Just be prepared at all times,” Lei Qian said.

Lei Hong nodded with a sinister expression.

In the supply ship, Bu Qingqiu and Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui with complicated expressions. The scene just now was not something that ordinary people could handle.

“Don’t look at me. I’ll go change my clothes first. My clothes are already drenched in sweat.” Xu Tui smiled bitterly.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui came out. Bu Qingqiu suddenly asked, “Xu Tui, if the Spiritual Race had used force just now, would you have detonated the three-phase thermal bomb?”

“I definitely will!”

Xu Tui’s answer was extremely certain.

“In this Race-type war, we would rather die than be captured. We all carry glorious bullets,” Yan Lie added. “You’ll know when you see the outcome of these captives of the Spiritual Race.” @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had really been mentally prepared to die together with them in the scene just now.

If the enemy really did not care about the lives of their captives, Xu Tui could only choose to die with them. He would rather die than be captured!

As for An Xiaoxue and the others, if they could not wait for reinforcements, their final choice might be the same as theirs.

Bu Qingqiu looked deeply at Xu Tui and Yan Lie. “Give me one of the glorious bullets too!”

Xu Tui and Yan Lie did not refuse this request.

If it really came to the last moment, pulling the glorious bullet was the best choice!

When they were sailing toward the true location of Tower Asteroid, Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, Lavis, and the ship’s radar used various methods to scout the back of the fleet.

After confirming that there were no experts from the Spiritual Race following him, Xu Tui readjusted the situation of the fleet when he was still half a day away from the real Tower Asteroid.

He squeezed the remaining six captives, including Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, Yan Lie, and Lavis, into an Aerospace Combat Jet.

The other four Aerospace Combat Jets formed a formation with the supply ship and handed it over to Ah Huang for control. At the same time, Xu Tui handed Tri Ling Ding to Ah Huang.

Originally, Tri Ling Ding and Ah Huang could not communicate.

However, after Tri Ling Ding obtained the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, it could continuously expand its body. For example, there was a hand that could write and draw beside the antenna.

It could communicate with Ah Huang.

“Under normal circumstances, we will complete the transaction with the Spiritual Race in the next 12 hours and successfully escape. At that time, our location will undergo a drastic change. However, Tri Ling Ding could sense our location. At that time, Tri Ling Ding will mark the location, and Ah Huang will command the fleet to come and look for us and meet up with us,” Xu Tui said.

Ah Huang and Tri Ling Ding froze at the same time. For the first time, Ah

Huang revealed a hint of fear. “Xu Tui, I want to be with you.”

“Ah Huang, only you can control the entire fleet.”

“But I’ve never been independent… Independent…” At this moment, Ah Huang was very afraid.

“Ah Huang, it’s not a problem for you to be the strongest artificial intelligence on the Blue Star. You can definitely do it. Trust yourself! Your fleet is our only hope of survival in space! If you can’t find us, it will be difficult for us to even survive, let alone go back,” Xu Tui said.

After a few seconds of silence, Ah Huang said, “Xu Tui, can’t the fleet sail directly to the Tower Asteroid?”

“Can! However, what if the fleet was destroyed? Even if we were lucky enough to escape, what if the Planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race caught up to us at all costs? After handing over the captives, we would have nothing to protect ourselves with. We could not afford to gamble! Therefore, we have to split up,” Xu Tui said.

After a few seconds of silence, Ah Huang nodded. “Alright, I’ll work hard. What about the action strategy?”

“You decide for yourself!”

“I…” Ah Huang hesitated again. “Xu Tui, I’ve come up with countless plans in the past, but all the plans I’ve come up with can only be implemented after the humans approve them. If I set it up and execute it directly now, I’m afraid…’

“You have to believe in yourself! From your knowledge reserves, historical battle record accumulation, and data analysis ability, you should be the strongest commander-in-chief! Before this, I rarely modified the plan you made for me,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, I’ll try! You can’t scold me if I make a mistake.”

“If there’s still a chance,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“There will definitely be!” In the next moment, Ah Huang instantly entered the role of a commander. “Xu Tui, all the factors in the fleet that I have taken over are under my control, except for Tri Ling Ding. I need you to authorize me to deal with it.”

“Put him in a mind power shield box and take it out when you need it. If, I mean if you still can’t find us in half a month, seal it in a multi-layered mind power shield box and bury it on an uninhabited planet,” Xu Tui said. “Understood. Half a month’s time limit!”

As soon as Ah Huang said that, Tri Ling Ding, who had some thoughts just now, became anxious. “Boss, don’t. This is an advanced artificial intelligence, a computer! Once half a month is up, it will definitely execute the order and bury me! Retract this order immediately!”

“In that case, try your best to find our location within half a month. Otherwise, I have no choice,” Xu Tui said. Tri Ling Ding: ‘

“Ah Huang, take over the fleet.”

A few minutes later, the fleet split into two. An Aerospace Combat Jet flew in the direction of Tower Asteroid. The supply ship and the other four Aerospace Combat Jets began to circle around Tower Asteroid from afar..