Chapter 1066 - Chapter 1066: Following The Procedures And Meeting Again

Chapter 1066: Following the Procedures and Meeting Again

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The onboard radar has detected life fluctuations from the asteroid in front of us. However, it has been interfered with by a strong force field and can’t obtain further data. The ship’s particle scanner has detected at least 31 identical signal sources. They should be the signal sources of the Aerospace Combat Jet.”

The main program on the Aerospace Combat Jet had been optimized and processed by Ah Huang. It was highly intelligent. Along the way, it continuously fed Xu Tui and Bu Qingqiu the various data of the planet ahead.

From the various data detected, there was a high chance that the asteroid ahead was a planet that An Xiaoxue and the others had come to explore.

The signal source of the Aerospace Combat Jet should be the resources that the Blue Star had sent over through the Quantum Portal.

Unfortunately, the quantum teleportation channel to the Tower Asteroid and Mars had temporarily lost its effect. It might have been sealed or even destroyed by the Spiritual Race.

Of course, even if it was not sealed, they could not exchange captives through this kind of quantum teleportation channel.

This time, Xu Tui did not need to contact them. When this Aerospace Combat Jet appeared above the thin atmosphere of the asteroid, Xu Tui’s old acquaintances, Lei Hong and Lei Gen, brought eight quasi-planetary experts and 20 Transmutation Realm experts to welcome him.

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes when he saw this scene. That was not good news.

Previously, Lei Hong and Xu Tui had separated from the planet where they had a conflict. Then, Xu Tui had rushed to the new location with all his might, which was the current Tower Asteroid.

Xu Tui traveled at full speed along the way. But now, it was obvious that Lei Hong had arrived earlier. This meant that the movement speed of the Spiritual Race in the universe was much faster than that of the Blue Star humans.

In that case, after exchanging captives, if they used the Aerospace Combat Jet to escape, they would not be able to escape. They would be quickly caught up by the Spiritual Race.

“Logging. On the 30th of January, Xu Tui came to Tower Asteroid to exchange captives. After the recording is completed, if you receive the final instructions, automatically send a signal to the designated contact number!”

“Roger that!”

This was one of Xu Tui’s preparations for the worst-case scenario.

If they really failed to exchange captives, they had to at least let Old Cai and the others know if they were dead or alive.

“You’re really slow!”

Lei Hong had a cold expression when he saw Xu Tui fly out of the fighter jet.

Lei Gen, who was beside Lei Hong, became anxious when he heard that. Lord Lei Hong was going to make the situation worse.

However, he could not say it directly. After all, Lei Hong was in the Planetary realm.

“We have to determine the situation and number of captives you used to exchange for.” Lei Gen quickly got to the point.

Lei Hong, who was about to say something, was carefully touched by Lei Ggen. In an instant, Lei Hong had a depressed expression as he remembered Lei Qian’s instructions.

Lei Gen was the main command for the exchange of captives. Lei Hong was a little indignant, but he had no choice. This was the instructions of Commander-in -chief Lei Tian! That little girl, Lei Qian, always did not trust his abilities!

A minute later, the Aerospace Combat Jet behind Xu Tui projected the situation of the captives. There were still six left. Among them, Lei Xiang, Lei Lian, and Lei Wang had close-ups of their faces.

“Our people don’t seem to be in a good state.” Lei Gen began to nitpick.

“With your medical conditions, there’s no need to mention this! Besides, this is not something I can decide. If you want to change, follow the previously agreed procedure and hurry up. If you don’t exchange, kill us. It’ll be considered as an early release,” Xu Tui said directly.

“Alright then.” Lei Gen nodded.

“Follow the procedure?” Xu Tui glanced at Lei Gen expressionlessly. “Of course, if you are unwilling to follow the previously agreed procedure, I can only capture you. We’ll be done together after we’ve exploded.” Xu Tui was very determined on this point.

Lei Hong looked uncomfortable when he heard this. He had been toyed with by Xu Tui just now. Although Lei Gen had already received instructions from Lei Qian and had seen the recording of the previous conflict, he still felt that it was very difficult to deal with Xu Tui.

There was no room for improvement. He could only follow the agreed procedure.

If he did not follow the procedure, Xu Tui would explode the captives.

They could only follow Xu Tui’s request. No matter what, he had to exchange for the remaining six captives first.

“Follow the procedure,” Lei Gen gave an affirmative answer.

“Then let’s go. I’ll go see our people first. The fighter jet is here.”

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He carried a three-phase thermal bomb and put on the Vajra Set. There was another layer of mind power defense barrier outside. Then, he flew toward Lei Gen on his sword.

He reminded them as he flew. “The three-phase thermal bomb in the fighter jet and the things in the captives’ bodies are always in a state of activatement.

“You can surround the fighter jet, but if any forces dare to come into contact with the fighter jet’s energy protection shield, we will immediately blast a captive. If any physical attacks landed on the fighter jet, including electronic interference, then our people will detonate the five three-phase thermal bombs inside immediately!”

“There are still people in the fighter jet?” Lei Gen frowned.

“Of course! If you can instantly kill a quasi-planetary expert, feel free to try,” Xu Tui said.

“How can that be?” Lei Gen laughed dryly. “Then guide the fighter jet to the ground of Tower Asteroid first. It’ll be easier to trade.”

Xu Tui nodded. Although the conflict on the unknown planet was dangerous, it seemed to be quite useful now. If not for the fact that the previous conflict had effectively intimidated the Spiritual Race, who knew how they would have fought with the Spiritual Race now?

However, it also confirmed that the Spiritual Race indeed had a strong need for these captives.

Ten minutes later, the fighter jet landed. Lei Gen confirmed again through the drone that the captives were indeed in the fighter jet. Then, lei Gen guided Xu Tui toward the base where An Xiaoxue and the others were guarding.

Along the way, mechanical cruelty and the incomplete limbs of the Blue Star humans could be seen everywhere. Some of them had even become bones.

These were all left behind by the previous waves of pioneer raiders.

“To be honest, from the perspective of an enemy, I’m very impressed by you, be it courage, braveness, or strength. There are not many heroes like you in the

Spiritual Race.” On the way, Lei Gen, who had accompanied Xu Tui, praised Xu Tui.

“Thank you.”

“I roughly know your current situation. You can’t go back. You have become a wanted traitor on the Blue Star. Based on our understanding of the Blue Star humans, even if you succeed in the exchange, you won’t be able to return.

“How is it? Are you interested in coming to the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base? As long as you swear allegiance to us, we will give you five planets to manage. At the same time, we will guarantee that you will enter the quasi-planetary realm within ten years. There will be at least one chance to break through to the Planetary in 30 years.” Lei Gen made a condition.

Xu Tui was also very surprised. He did not expect Lei Gen to recruit him. He thanked him again. “Thank you for your kind intentions. I only want to be myself. I am a human!”

“If I say that we are actually considered humans, are you willing to join us?” Lei Gen spoke again.

“Humans in a sense? What do you mean?”

“The way you think.”

Xu Tui’s eyes widened when he heard that. Lei Gen’s words revealed too much.

“How is it?”

Xu Tui shook his head under Lei Gen’s expectant gaze. He rejected him again. Lei Gen was stunned. “Why?

“The Blue Star is treating you like this. Aren’t you willing to bring the Spiritual Race army back to take revenge on the Blue Star? Or wait for your cultivation to break through to the Planetary realm more than ten years later and kill your way back to the Blue Star to take revenge and wipe away today’s gloom?”

“The Huaxia Sector treats me very well! I am from Huaxia,” Xu Tui replied.

“Aren’t the Huaxia people all from the Blue Star?” Lei Gen was puzzled.

“You don’t understand. The Huaxia people are from the Blue Star, but the Huaxia people will always be the Huaxia people. I have a teacher who said something before he died in battle.”

“What words?”

“I have no regrets in this life. I’ll enter Huaxia in my next life, ” Xu Tui said silently.

Lei Gen was confused, indicating that he did not understand. It was good that he did not understand.

“Alright, it’s here. Go in. However, I suggest that you identify yourself first to prevent them from overreacting,” Lei Gen said.

“Alright. I’ll let your people out after I bring them out.”

“According to procedure, right?” Lei Gen smiled. He looked at Xu Tui, who was deep in the tunnel, and could not help but say, “You can consider my suggestion. You won’t lose out if you join the Spiritual Race.”

Xu Tui shrugged and walked straight into the depths of the temporary base tunnel.

Underground, Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao, who were guarding the door, were not in a good state because they lacked water and food.

The team was making their final decision. @@novelbin@@

“Five days! If we don’t have a chance to lure the enemy within five days, we’ll rush out and fight to the death! If you have any objections, raise them now,” Qu Qingshan shouted.

As one of the few people in the pioneer raiders who had broken through to the Transmutation Realm, Qu Qingshan, who was very powerful, had a powerful right to speak.

“If no one objects, that means that you’ve all agreed. Five days. We’ll guard for another five days. Then, we’ll go all out.” Qu Qingshan took out a cigar that was only two centimeters long and sniffed it vigorously. Then, he put it back into his pocket. “Keep it. We’ll smoke one each on the last day.”

Suddenly, the horn on Wen Shao’s forehead swayed slightly. “Someone has entered!” Wen Shao suddenly spoke.

“Someone is finally here!” Qu Qingshan suddenly sat up. “F*ck, no matter if it’s a planetary or a quasi-planet, we have to kill them. Killing them is one thing!”

“I’ll be the first! Who’s going?”

“Count me in.”

An Xiaoxue stood up and gathered her hair that she despised. She silently

drank a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. This was her last bottle of supplies.

One after another, three more people stood up.

“If the person is a planetary realm or quasi-planetary, the three-phase thermal bomb is the key…”

“I think your bald head is the key.” Xu Tui’s voice suddenly rang out through the rapidly approaching drone.

In the next moment, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and the others’ eyes widened. “Xu Tui!”

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui, who was holding a three-phase thermal bomb, appeared in front of everyone.

Wen Shao was so excited that the corners of his mouth trembled when he saw Xu Tui. Qu Qingshan was even more incoherent. He was so excited that he did not know what to say. He kept wiping his dirty bald head.

An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui, who had suddenly appeared, and suddenly became angry. “What are you doing here? Who asked you to come? Didn’t I tell you to go back? Why are you so disobedient…’

As she cursed, An Xiaoxue’s curses turned into cries.

This was the first time Xu Tui had seen An Xiaoxue cry.

Xu Tui increased his speed. Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao quickly used their mind power to sweep behind Xu Tui, afraid that an expert would follow them.

In the next moment, Xu Tui entered the temporary base and naturally pulled An Xiaoxue into his arms.

“I’m already here. It’s fine. Don’t worry!”

Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao looked at each other and chuckled.

Wen Shao’s expression was especially sour.

A few seconds later, An Xiaoxue suddenly pushed Xu Tui away. Her pretty face turned red. She even took the initiative to stay a meter away from Xu Tui. Xu Tui was a little confused. He did not know what was going on.

“Oh, it should smell, right?” Qu Qingshan added smartly. Then, An Xiaoxue’s long legs kicked Qu Qingshan’s butt.. “You’re the smart one!”