Chapter 1061 - Chapter 1061: Are You Worthy Of Falling Out With Me?

Chapter 1061: Are You Worthy Of Falling Out With Me?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Mr. Ruan?”

Xu Tui’s heart sank when he saw that his path was blocked by Ruan Tianzuo. He could only force himself to remain calm and greet him.

Ruan Tianzuo was one of the Planetary guards on Mars. However, he was the guard on Mars, not the Mars crater base. It was not abnormal for him to appear here.

However, it was abnormal for him to block Xu Tui’s path.

Ruan Tianzuo glanced at Xu Tui. His powerful mind power swept past the Evolution Realm that Xu Tui had hypnotized. A smile suddenly appeared on his face.

“Hypnosis? You know the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence! It seems that you are much stronger than I imagined.”

Xu Tui pursed his lips and did not respond. This topic was not easy to answer. @@novelbin@@

Hypnosis was a major problem for the inspection officers of the Mars base’s

Quantum teleportation channel. Needless to sav, Ruan Tianzuo had alreadv

noticed the abnormality.

“What’s in this cabinet? I’m guessing that it’s definitely not from the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute, right? Even if there was, it was not all? Otherwise, you wouldn’t have used hypnosis.” Ruan Tianzuo patted the box and stared at Xu Tui with a faint smile.

“Mr. Ruan, can you do me a favor?” Xu Tui said helplessly.

“Do you a favor?” A smile appeared on Ruan Tianzuo’s face. “Alright, you and I are both from the Huaxia Sector. Why do you have to make things difficult for your own people? I’ll pretend that I didn’t see everything today. Bring what you want to take away. Let’s go!”

“Thank you, Mr. Ruan…”

“Don’t be in a hurry to thank me. I can pretend that I didn’t see this matter, but you have to leave something for me!” Ruan Tianzuo smiled and clapped.

“The captive of the Great Xi Clan?” Xu Tui asked.

“Smart. It’s easy to talk to smart people! This is my only request. Leave the item behind and leave!” Ruan Tianzuo smiled.

Xu Tui had a helpless expression.

“Mr. Ruan, I can give you all the information about the Great Xi Clan if you need it. However, this captive is not with me for the time being. I can’t give it to you,” Xu Tui said.

“It’s in Manut, right? Inform someone to send it over from here. I’ll wait.” Ruan Tianzuo had a calm expression, but it was filled with determination.

“Mr. Ruan, I’m afraid I don’t have much time.”

“That’s your business! I’ve made my conditions. It’s your business if you can’t work hard to complete them. You know very well what the consequences will be.” After saying that, Ruan Tianzuo added, “It’s useless even if you ask Old Cai for help! Old Cai can’t command me.”

“Hey, Mr. Ruan, seriously! We’re both from Huaxia. Do me a favor. I’ll give you all the information about the Great Xi Clan. I really can’t give you this captive.”

It was not that Xu Tui could not bear to part with the captive of the Great Xi Clan, Lavis. If handing over Lavis could be exchanged for the successful implementation of the plan, Xu Tui would hand it over without hesitation.

However, the problem was that Lavis was also an important part of Xu Tui’s plan. If he handed him over, the rest of the operation would basically fail.

Therefore, he could not hand it over!

“Look, you can’t even satisfy such a small request of mine. How can I make it easy for you? However, I suggest that you consider it carefully. These people who have been hypnotized will wake up at any time.” Ruan Tianzuo had a smile on his face. He looked like he was the one who refused to cooperate, not the other way around.

Xu Tui was furious. Old Ruan was too f*cking despicable. At the critical moment, he stopped him and harmed him!

“Are you angry?” Ruan Tianzuo laughed when he saw the change in Xu Tui’s expression.

“Mr. Ruan, we’re both from Huaxia. I don’t want to fall out with you!”

“Fall out?” Ruan Tianzuo laughed as if he had heard a good joke. However, he did not laugh at all. Clearly, he still wanted to facilitate this matter. As he laughed, Ruan Tianzuo pointed at Xu Tui and said word by word, “Are you worthy of falling out with me?”

Xu Tui sighed softly when he heard that. Almost at the same time, a delicate shout rang out.

“Old thief of the Ruan Family, do you think I’m worthy of falling out with you?”

A fiery red figure suddenly shot over from outside the fortress. The moment the voice sounded, two scarlet rays blasted towards Ruan Tianzuo.

Erera!

Ruan Tianzuo was shocked.

Erera was much stronger than him. Furthermore, it was a sudden attack. She instantly caused Ruan Tianzuo to escape in a sorry state.

At the same time, Erera roared angrily. “Old thief of the Ruan Family you peep at me showering? Do you have any shame? I’ll kill you!”

Amidst her roars, Erera attacked with all her might with her purple flames and scarlet rays. She beat up Ruan Tianzuo as she cursed. At the same time, Erera’s mental voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Leave quickly.”

“Thank you, Mrs. Shang.”

Xu Tui changed the way he flattered Erera. Erera burst with joy when she heard that. “Remember to teach Xiaoxue and the others that. Hurry up and leave!”

However, Erera had brazenly chased after Ruan Tianzuo. This energy fluctuation immediately caused the entire Mars base to tremble. The moment the two Planetary powerhouses guarding here were alarmed, they immediately rushed towards the quantum teleportation channel.

At the same time, the quasi-planetary realm guards of the quantum teleportation tunnel were also alarmed. They rushed over immediately.

However, this quasi-planetary guard of the quantum teleportation channel was more unlucky. The moment he arrived, Erera’s red light, which was chasing after Ruan Tianzuo, swept past him. Even the remaining power sent him flying. Blood flowed out of his mouth.

Xu Tui pushed the box and stepped into the quantum teleportation channel. At the same time, he gave Ah Huang an order, “Ah Huang, create chaos for the Mars crater base.”

“Roger that.”

At the same time, the two Planetary powerhouses guarding the Mars crater base arrived. Just as they were about to enter the quantum teleportation tunnel fortress, two purple flames instantly swept past the tunnel, scaring them so much that they quickly retreated.

As he retreated, he shouted for Erera to calm down. It might be a misunderstanding!

When Xu Tui pushed the box and disappeared into the quantum teleportation tunnel, Erera was still scolding Ruan Tianzuo for peeping at her shower.

Ruan Tianzuo was wronged. With his status, strength, and wealth, it was only a matter of words for him to watch a celebrity come out of the bath. Why did he have to peep at Erera showering? Was there something wrong with his brain?

However, the Planetary powerhouses who had rushed over could only persuade Erera. They did not dare to use force.

They knew that Erera had sacrificed her brain to the heavens and exchanged it for her chest. Wouldn’t there be a hole in her brain if they continued to reason with her?

They could only persuade her.

Of course, who knew if Ruan Tianzuo had some special hobbies?

Ruan Tianzuo, who was in a sorry state after being chased by Erera, finally resisted the urge to fall out with Xu Tui when he saw him disappear into the quantum teleportation channel.

If he really revealed that Xu Tui had hypnotized the officer and forcefully passed through the quantum teleportation channel, the two Planetary powerhouses outside the fortress would definitely explode.

The Mars crater base would definitely explode!

But so what?

Xu Tui had already left. They could no longer stop him. Why did he have to be that evil person?

Based on the current situation, Xu Tui must be doing something major. If he recklessly revealed it, he would completely fall out with Cai Shaochu and Erera. Even the situation in the Huaxia Sector would not become good.

Cai Shaochu’s influence in the Huaxia Sector was still very powerful.

There was also Erera!

If they really fell out, he would not be able to take it if Erera beat him up every day with the reason of peeping at him while she was showering.

Therefore, at the critical moment, Ruan Tianzuo remained silent and got beaten up with a depressed expression.

He had miscalculated! He did not expect Old Cai and Xu Tui to be able to invite

Erera for something.

Ruan Tianzuo had a depressed expression. Not only had he been the villain in this matter, but he had also not gained anything. He had even been beaten up. Most importantly, it was very embarrassing.

He would probably not be able to wash off the bad reputation of peeping at Erera showering for a long time!

Reasoning to prove his innocence?

That was impossible!

You were arguing with a huge-breasted woman whose brain was sacrificed to the heavens, and she was the kind of woman whose strength crushed his.

It made no sense!

Even if he was in the right, Erera could hammer him until he was in the wrong!

This…

The moment Xu Tui and the container landed on the ground of the Manut asteroid, the two Aerospace Combat Jets quickly arrived under Ah Huang’s long-range control.

At the same time, Xu Tui gave Bu Qingqiu an order.

“Miss Bu, enter the supply ship I designated for you in the spaceport immediately. Form a formation with the other three Aerospace Combat Jets and fly out of the port immediately. We’ll meet in outer space.”

“Alright, but I don’t have an order to leave the port.”

“You only have to worry about leaving the port. I’ve already applied to make a pass for you,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright.”

Almost at the same time, Bu Qingqiu received the port pass that Ah Huang had forged. Bu Qingqiu went straight into the supply ship and applied to take off. As it took off in the spaceport of the Huaxia Sector of the Manut asteroid, the takeoff went very smoothly.

However, the moment she stepped into the supply ship, Bu Qingqiu had a faint feeling that she was being spied on. This feeling of being spied on flashed past.

Bu Qingqiu thought about it but did not mind. It was most likely Principal Cai Shaochu. He was definitely paying attention to this matter.

A minute later, Xu Tui used the order that Ah Huang had forged to hack into the system to obtain the radar markings. He stuffed the two Aerospace Combat Jets with eight captives and successfully took off.

In the Huaxia Sector’s spaceport, a flight attendant looked at the radar signal request he had just received and frowned. “Boss, there’s a problem with this request. It’s completely outside the plan. I suggest that we suspend the departure and review it immediately.”

“The Galaxy Spirit Research Institute’s jets have taken off because of an emergency. Don’t interfere.”

“But there’s clearly a problem.. ”

“Shut up. Everything is normal. Do you understand?” The commander of the spaceport, who was rarely on duty today, slapped the back of that person’s head.

The higher-ups had vaguely greeted him. Otherwise, he would not have come personally to guard the place. However, from the looks of it, something major was about to happen.

Xu Tui only heaved a sigh of relief when the Aerospace Combat Jets continued to accelerate to the second cosmic speed and rushed out of the gravitational field of the Manut asteroid.

He had succeeded!

“Ah Huang, block all the signal location devices of the fighter jets. Cut off the long-range control program of all fighter jets and compile the safety program again! ”

“Right away.”

“Connect me to Principal Cai on the encrypted channel.”

Thirty seconds later, the call connected. “Principal, the first step is complete.

rnanK you.”

Xu Tui was sincerely thanking him. Without Cai Shaochu’s help, Xu Tui would not have been able to pass the test at the Mars base.

Actually, Erera’s attack was not part of the plan. However, Mars was an extremely important step. Whether or not he succeeded depended on this step. To be safe, Cai Shaochu felt that it was better to let Erera take care of him for a while. With Erera intervening, it was useless no matter who came.

There was no reason.

Old Cai had arranged a meeting with Erera and Xu Tui. He told Xu Tui to tell Erera the truth. Women were already very sympathetic. In addition, the person he wanted to save was Shang Long’s grand-disciple, An Xiaoxue. Then there was Xu Tui’s bootlicking.

Erera easily agreed to protect him. He did not expect to use it!

Ruan Tianzuo was too evil!

“What happens next will depend on you. I can’t help you anymore! You have to be extremely careful,” Old Cai said.

“Don’t worry, Principal.”

“It’s done. Remember to report to me that you’re safe.”

“Definitely! ”

At the same time, in the Mars crater base, because of the problem with the quantum teleportation channel, the prison guard, Gallo, immediately ran back to the prison out of duty. He discovered the problem and instantly raised the alarm.

However, the moment he raised the alarm, alarms and explosions of firearms sounded from all directions in the Mars crater base. In an instant, the Mars crater base was in chaos..