Chapter 1062 - Chapter 1062: Guests In The Medical Room And Steps Up

Chapter 1062: Guests in the Medical Room and Steps Up

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the Mars crater base, six automatic defense batteries suddenly opened fire without any warning, causing a huge commotion.

Two of the defense batteries actually accurately blasted their cannons at a small ammunition warehouse. There were nuclear fusion bombs or even three-phase thermal bombs stored there.

Gai Sheng, the commander of the Mars crater base, was so frightened that he activated emergency measures, and let the planetary and quasi-planetary powerhouses block them.

This ammunition warehouse was not something that could be detonated in one strike. However, once it was detonated…

Other than that, there were also people who were injured. They were all injured by the automatic defense batteries that were suddenly activated. Fortunately, there were no casualties.

Losing control of the arms system was catastrophic for any base.

After Gai Sheng reported to the Blue Star Genetic Committee, he immediately began a comprehensive self-investigation. The Mars crater base was under martial law, and he invited external forces from the Phobos Combat Command to intervene.

In order to prevent the situation from expanding, all automated intelligent systems were suspended. All situations were manually dealt with.

The staff officers of the Mars crater base had never been so busy. Without the help of the smart system, they were overwrought in just 15 minutes. However, those who could work here were all elites. They quickly sorted it out.

Under such circumstances, the report that more than half of the captives of the Spiritual Race had been taken away was reported to Gai Sheng in the chaos.

Gai Sheng slammed the table and stood up when he saw the report. He was furious.

The matter had become serious.

The captives of the Spiritual Race had actually been taken away under his nose. Furthermore, they might have been taken away 15 minutes ago or even earlier.

Immediately, Gai Sheng reported urgently again. At the same time, he gave the order to control all the personnel in the Mars Prison to control and seal off the Mars crater base. At the same time, he requested to temporarily close the quantum teleportation channel of the Mars crater base and the Phobos’ quantum teleportation channel to prevent the invaders from leaving.

At this moment, the higher-ups of the Blue Star thought of a possibility.

They held an emergency meeting in the shortest time possible and decided to temporarily seal off all exit channels, including the Manut asteroid. At the same time, they would investigate all suspicious movements.

At this moment, Xu Tui had been in space for half an hour. The fleet had already accelerated to its maximum speed and disappeared into the vast space.

The thorough investigation within the Blue Star had just begun.

In space, Bu Qingqiu’s supply ship lowered its speed and switched to mobile supply platform mode. Through the temporary tunnel, Xu Tui brought the eight captives and himself into the supply ship.

As for the five Aerospace Combat Jets, they were all handed over to Ah Huang to drive automatically.

The next step would also be an extremely important one. It involved whether he could successfully exchange captives with the Spiritual Race.

From the beginning, Xu Tui knew that this was a matter of asking a tiger for its skin. If he foolishly brought the captives to exchange with the Spiritual Race, he would be sending a sheep to the tiger’s den.

The Spiritual Race was not a kind race.

In the beginning, before the internal strife in the prison happened, the most discussed topic in the Blue Star internal meeting was how to retreat safely after the exchange of captives.

That was the key.

At that time, the Blue Star could mobilize at least three to five Planetary experts. They could even mobilize Erera. They were all extremely cautious.

Currently, Xu Tui’s combat strength was mainly that of a quasi-planetary expert like Bu Qingqiu. With this strength, he would be a fool if he did not make some preparations to exchange captives with the Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui threw the eight captives into the medical room of the supply ship the moment he stepped in.

“Miss Bu, how’s your mental endurance?”

Bu Qingqiu glanced at the captives. “Just tell me what to do. I’ve once flayed an enemy alive. My mental endurance should pass, right?”

“That’s good. You know how to perform an auxiliary implantation surgery with a robot as the chief surgeon, right?”

“Of course.”

“Then let’s begin. Ah Huang, switch to automatic driving and continue to move toward the pointer mark. Huh?”

Bu Qingqiu had just opened the medical room when Xu Tui gave the order.

However, Xu Tui suddenly frowned the moment the medical room was opened. He suddenly looked toward the medical room.

Xu Tui’s expression instantly became extremely dark.

“Miss Bu, did you bring other people or living creatures up?

Bu Qingqiu’s expression also became extremely stunned at this moment. She quickly shook her head. “No, why would I bring anyone else in?”

“I just felt someone watching me.”

Almost instantly, Bu Qingqiu entered combat mode. With a wave of her hand, hundreds or thousands of tiny water droplets were sprinkled into the medical @@novelbin@@

room.

Xu Tui’s mental perception also surged into the medical room like a tidal wave. He condensed his mental hammer and instantly combined the multidimensional flying sword. It hovered at the door of the medical room.

He also held the Origin Crystal ability seal card in his hand. As long as he discovered the enemy’s traces, it would immediately be the most violent attack.

Xu Tui would not allow anyone to ruin his next operation. He instantly noticed something unusual when he scanned the area with his mental perception. There was a power fluctuation in a medical pod.

Bu Qingqiu also noticed the fluctuations of the aura at the same time.

“Commander, don’t attack. It’s me!”

A familiar voice suddenly sounded. Xu Tui’s eyes instantly narrowed. It was Yan Lie’s voice.

Why was Yan Lie here?

“Get out here!” Xu Tui gestured for Bu Qingqiu to disperse her attack. In the next moment, his strength swayed slightly, and Yan Lie’s figure appeared out of thin air.

“What are you doing here? Do you know what you are doing?” Xu Tui was furious.

“Commander, I’ll do whatever you do!” Yan Lie turned his body slightly and tapped the ground with the tip of his foot. He had practiced all year round, allowing him to form a posture that could be activated at any time.

“You!” Xu Tui was so angry that he was speechless. He pointed at Yan Lie and was speechless. “You really… You f*cking… You…’

“Now, get lost! I’ll give you an Aerospace Combat Jet. You can drive it back to the Manut asteroid yourself. I’ll get Principal Cai to make up a suitable reason for you. Now, immediately!” Xu Tui shouted angrily.

“No!

“That’s an order!”

“You’ve already left the team!”

Xu Tui glared. He wanted to beat Yan Lie up immediately. “I’ll f*cking…” “If you want to continue being my regiment commander, I’ll listen to orders.” “Alright, I’ll continue to be your regiment commander. Now, I order you…”

“I can accept your orders, but since you’re our regiment’s leader, we have to fight together. We can’t leave easily,” Yan Lie said with a cheeky smile.

Xu Tui felt a sense of powerlessness. Yan Lie had been a rather serious person previously. However, he had been influenced by Cui Xi, an experienced driver, to be naughty in a few space battles.

“Tell me, what exactly do you want?” Xu Tui was helpless.

“Commander, let’s go together.” Yan Lie smiled.

“To hell with you! I don’t like men. Besides, do you know what I’m doing?” Xu Tui said angrily.

“I can basically guess. It should be quite exciting.”

“Exciting?” Xu Tui glanced coldly at Yan Lie. “I’m going to snatch food from the tiger’s mouth. I might even die. Why are you going!”

“Then I need to go even more. With my help, Commander, your chances of survival are higher, right?”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“These Spiritual Race’s captives are from Mars. I’m afraid that I’ll be wanted by the Blue Star for a long time to come. I can only wander in interstellar space. If you follow me, it’s very likely that you won’t be able to return,” Xu Tui said calmly.

“I can guess.” Yan Lie carried his two sabers behind his back and casually poured a glass of water to drink. “In order to follow Miss Bu, I haven’t drank water for more than a day. Let me have a sip first. Commander, we’ve risked our lives so many times. You understand my personality!

“I think it’s more suitable for me to follow you. Most importantly, it feels too f*cking good to fight with you. I like that feeling! I also liked to explore the unknown starry sky.

“But then again, I think that you should need me, Commander. An unpredictable guy like me should be able to help you with your next operation and successfully save Miss An,” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui was shocked when he heard that. “How did you know that I was going to save Miss An?”

“I guessed it! After you left the team, the two of you sneakily gathered together.

Your whereabouts are even more mysterious. I felt that something was wrong. I didn’t dare to follow you, afraid that you would notice me, so I hid and followed Miss Bu.”

“I’m that easy to follow, right?” Bu Qingqiu’s chest rose and fell violently from anger. She gritted her teeth. He did not dare to follow Xu Tui. He only dared to follow her. Did he underestimate a quasi-planetary like her?

“No, Miss Bu, it’s mainly because of the regiment commander’s mental perception. As long as I make any abnormal movements, he will notice me. I don’t dare.” After saying that, Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui. “Commander, just keep me. You’re chasing me back now. If anything goes wrong, my life will be over.

“There must have been a huge commotion on Mars. When I returned, they would definitely interrogate me and even use all kinds of interrogation methods on me! I would rather be killed by the Spiritual Race than be tortured!” Yan Lie straightened his neck. He was determined to stay.

After a while, Xu Tui sighed helplessly. What Yan Lie said made sense. “But Cui Xi and the others will be anxious if you leave like this, right?”

“I left a regular email.”

“What about your family?”

“I’m the eldest. I have a brother and a sister below me. They’ll take care of my parents. Besides, I exchanged Origin Crystals for a portion of the money previously and gave them enough money. They’re quite happy.” When he said this, there was a faint sadness at the corner of Yan Lie’s mouth.

“Are you ready?”

“There’s no harm in being prepared. I’ve been with you for so long, but I’ve still learned this little ability.”

“Alright, it’s good to have you!”

In the next moment, Yan Lie jumped up happily. Just as he was about to hit the top of the supply ship, he instantly disappeared and appeared in another direction.

Bu Qingqiu revealed a strange expression. This Yan Lie was not ordinary with just this concealment.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui, who had re-entered the medical room, violently knocked the captive out and tied him to the operating table. Then, he took out dozens of silver metal grains the size of grains of rice.

“What’s this?”

“Ultra-micro fusion generator. We’ll implant this thing into the hearts and heads of these captives. When the time comes, we’ll exchange captives. If they dare to play any tricks, we’ll detonate it. This can also be considered a guarantee,” Xu Tui said.

“Not bad. Surgery requirements?”

“Implant it into the ear and the back of the neck respectively. Directly cut open the chest at the heart and attach it to the heart to increase the difficulty of taking it out. Are there any problems?”

Xu Tui was the one who asked Bu Qingqiu about the difficulty of the surgery.

“No problem.”

“Then let’s begin. Four each! Oh, yes, give them a little more stuff when we implant them.”

“Add what?” Bu Qingqiu was stunned.

Xu Tui pushed a small pile of powder over. “Just two grains of powder in a person’s body.”

Looking at the small pile of Origin Crystal powder, Bu Qingqiu was stunned. “This thing doesn’t have any lethality, right?”

“It’s fine. Just implant it. I have use for it.”

“Alright!”

Bu Qingqiu responded. A few minutes later, she began the implantation surgery with Xu Tui.

Xu Tui even called out for Ah Huang when the surgery began.

“Ah Huang, prepare the recording. We have to let the Spiritual Race know a little,” Xu Tui instructed..