Chapter 1072 - Chapter 1072: Killing Intent On An Unknown Planet

Chapter 1072: Killing Intent on an Unknown Planet

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“This planet has an atmosphere!” Qu Qingshan roared excitedly the moment he passed through the atmosphere.

The existence of an atmosphere meant that the environment on this unknown planet would be a little better. It would be more suitable for survival.

“Slow down, slow down with all your might! Lavis!” Xu Tui roared.

After entering the atmosphere of this unknown planet, the situation suddenly changed. Due to the friction caused by the high-speed movement, the Ice

Barrier was constantly melting. Bu Qingqiu was constantly replenishing it. The Ice Barrier slowly transformed into a water ball barrier.

Blinding blue light erupted from Lavis’s body. Xu Tui, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and Gaman all rushed to the bottom of the water ball shield. The energy around their bodies erupted and they slowed down with all their might.

Its speed was decreasing, but it was still far from a safe landing speed.

“Everyone, those with relevant abilities, apply it on the water ball barrier!” Xu Tui roared.

If their speed did not decrease to a safe speed, most of the Evolution Realm experts would die.

“Xu Tui, watch closely. The School of General Senses is agile and powerful.”

In the next moment, amidst the powerful mind power fluctuations around Bu Qingqiu, the water light on the water ball barrier continued to extend, turning into a pair of huge water wings. In an instant, the water ball barrier turned into a water wing barrier.

Due to the atmosphere, their speed plummeted again.

In these three seconds, the water ball barrier fell to the ground. Under Xu Tui’s precise command, Bu Qingqiu, Lavis, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and the others who had the strength to spare were all helping the others reduce the impact damage.

With all kinds of explosions, everyone landed on the ground one after another. Some vomited blood, while others fractured their bones.

Xu Tui also slammed into the ground because he was protecting others. There was a fishy taste in his mouth.

However, Yan Lie was the most relaxed. He used Concealment and when he appeared again, he was already standing on the top of a large tree. He even used Concealment to pick up an unconscious Evolution Realm member.

“Commander, we are on a hill. The soil is hard and there are trees. The leaves are flexible and have juice. The environment of this planet looked very good. There is wind! Commander, the green leaves. I think I smell oxygen!” Yan Lie roared excitedly.

“Save them first.”

Xu Tui stood up with difficulty. He first checked that An Xiaoxue’s injuries were fine. Then, he immediately treated the injured people closest to him. The healing abilities of the School of General Senses were also very powerful.

Bu Qingqiu, who had expended a lot of energy, sat cross-legged on the spot. She drank a bottle of Level B Active Potion and recovered her exhausted mind power.

Everyone felt like they had survived a disaster.

Suddenly, a rustling sound entered everyone’s combat uniforms. An Xiaoxue, who had just begun to examine the environment, stepped into the air. When she looked down the hill, her pretty face instantly turned pale.

“What kind of monster is this?” Yan Lie also exclaimed.

At the foot of the mountain, figures that covered the mountains rushed over like a tide. Red, white, black, green, and blue. They were all unknown creatures that looked like ants. The reason why it was called an unknown creature that looked like an ant was that it looked a little like the ants on the Blue Star.

Their bodies were jointed and had six legs. In this aspect, they were very similar to ants. However, these ant beasts only had one huge eye. There were tentacles on both sides of its huge eye.

The key was the size.

The largest ants on the Blue Star were only two to three centimeters long. They were all rare species. The one-eyed ant beasts they saw now were all the size of rabbits. As they ran, they could actually see the fangs in their open mouths.

The worst thing was the number.

At this moment, the one-eyed ant beasts that covered the mountain surged towards the slope like a tidal wave. In the distance, more one-eyed ant beasts surged over.

“They might not be able to fly! Let’s go to the highest point and defend for an opportunity!”

Xu Tui had just landed when Yan Lie’s eyes revealed despair. He followed Yan Lie’s gaze and saw a buzzing sound coming from the bottom of the hill on his left. A flying ant beast the size of a frog was rushing over.

Damn!

Xu Tui’s head buzzed. He felt like it was about to explode.

How could this be?

Under normal circumstances, their landing would shock the aboriginal creatures on this planet. However, even if they were shocked, the aboriginal creatures could not gather and attack them in such a short period of time. Even the extremely organized Blue Star humans did not have such a reaction speed.

Xu Tui instantly thought of the strong magnetic field.

Could it be that there was intelligent life on this planet? Xu Tui’s eyes lit up when he thought of this. If these one-eyed ant beasts were really aboriginal lifeforms that relied on their instincts to survive, then as long as there were enough of them, they could exhaust them to death.

However, it would be different if there was intelligent life controlling them.

“We… We have to escape from this planet. We have to escape!” Looking at the dense wave of one-eyed ants, Gaman looked at the two quasi-planets in fear.

Xu Tui ignored Gaman.

“Everyone, prepare for battle! It’s just a aboriginal lifeform. What are you afraid of?”

The reason why quasi-planets were called quasi-planets was that quasi-planets could reach the escape speed of a planet when they flew at full speed. They could enter outer space from land without any external help. @@novelbin@@

It was possible for a powerful quasi-planet to bring one or two people into outer space. But even experts in the planetary realm might not have the strength to bring 10 to 20 people. As for the Transmutation Realm, most of them could only fly with their bodies. On planets with gravity and atmosphere, they could not rush into outer space with their own strength.

The bloody battle began 20 seconds after landing.

But be it Xu Tui, Yan Lie, or the surviving members of the Pioneer Raiders, they were all elites who had been through hundreds of battles. After experiencing the initial chaos, they immediately entered combat mode.

These one-eyed ant beasts were not strong, but their speed was really fast.

Their speed could already reach the cultivation speed of the Blue Star Extreme Branch’s Genetic Mutation Realm.

A hundred meters in about four seconds. Some powerful one-eyed ant beasts could unleash an explosive power of less than 100 meters in three seconds.

They needed to focus on dealing with the situation. In this kind of battle, there could not be any gaps in the defense. Once there were any gaps in the defense, they would immediately be drowned by the beasts.

“Yan Lie. I susnect that there might be an intelligent snecies commanding

behind such a surging aboriginal beast tide. Go and search. Give me the direction!”

“Yes!”

As long as this continued, Xu Tui and the others would be tortured to death. A solution had to be found. While he was thinking, an Evolution Realm expert slipped because of the pile of corpses and blood.

In the blink of an eye, there was an opening in their defense. Seven to eight one-eyed ant beasts pounced on him. Their sharp spikes actually pierced through his combat uniform.

A blood dragon suddenly rose from the ground and spun around like a ferocious dragon. In an instant, it killed the seven to eight one-eyed ant beasts on the spot.

Bu Qingqiu, who was recovering her mind power while participating in the battle, laughed when she saw this. “Xu Tui, your comprehension ability is very strong. This is how the Water Attraction Technique is used.”

Qu Qingshan was speechless.

“Lavis, I’ll leave the flying ants to you!”

The one-eyed flying ant was extremely difficult to deal with. Xu Tui simply handed it over to the Great Xi Clan, Lavis.

Only in actual combat would one know how terrifying the Great Xi Clan was. As long as they had enough Origin Crystals, the Great Xi Clan’s combat strength would be able to quickly recover. It was simply terrifying!

While he was observing, Yan Lie’s figure suddenly flashed in. “Commander, there’s a huge one-eyed ant beast five kilometers away. It seems to be very extraordinary. It actually noticed me just now.”

“It can discover you?” Xu Tui’s eyes lit up.

“Yes, it almost severely injured me.” Yan Lie had lingering fears. “It should have mind power, but it can stand or stand. It’s slightly shorter than an adult man from the Blue Star and is about 1.6 meters tall. It looks very fierce. By the way, it has four tentacles! Its neck is a little silver, but I didn’t have the time to see it clearly,” Yan Lie reported.

“Alright, bring me there.”

“Why don’t I go?” Bu Qingqiu suddenly said.

“Miss Bu, continue to recover and defend this place. You can protect them at the critical moment. My combat distance is relatively far, and I have more life-saving items,” Xu Tui said. “Old Yan, lead the way!”

Yan Lie instantly disappeared. However, Xu Tui could sense that Yan Lie had not disappeared. His location was very clear.

In the next moment, Xu Tui flew up on his sword and instantly charged into the distance. Five seconds later, Xu Tui saw the guy that Yan Lie was talking about.

It was extremely difficult to discover it among the one-eyed ant herd. The four tentacles on its head were constantly swaying, emitting a strong mind power fluctuation.

Commander!

Xu Tui instantly sneered. At the same time, the one-eyed giant ant suddenly raised its head and looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui noticed it. Its mind power also noticed Xu Tui. Amidst the meaningless roar, the ants that were originally pouncing toward the mountain suddenly pounced toward Xu Tui. They jumped high from the ground and shot toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui instantly rose into the air. In the next moment, green ants sprayed dark green liquid at Xu Tui. In the distance, the Flying Ant Army pounced toward Xu Tui.

The mental hammer suddenly struck out. Under the hammer, the one-eyed giant ant only swayed. It did not die or faint.

Xu Tui was stunned when the sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out. The sword pierced through its head! Its aura dissipated.

Almost the moment the one-eyed ant beast was killed, the one-eyed ant beasts

within a thousand meters suddenlv dissinated in all directions- However. the

one-eyed ant beasts in other directions were still attacking the top of the mountain like a tide.

There were also other Command-type one-eyed giant ant beasts.

The moment he turned to another direction to kill the one-eyed giant ant, Xu Tui scanned the silver light on the neck of the one-eyed giant ant with his mind power.

This was what Yan Lie was puzzled about.

Xu Tui froze the moment his mind power swept past it.

Neck Ring!

It was actually an extremely technological neck ring. It was a little similar to the neck ring of the Blue Star humans that Xu Tui had discovered on the resource planet.

Xu Tui was stunned. In an instant, a chill ran down his spine. Was this another cultivation planet of the Spiritual Race? There were Spiritual Race’s members here?

Almost at the same time, a terrifying planetary power fluctuation rose behind Xu Tui. “Be careful!”

“Be careful!”

Yan Lie and Bu Qingqiu screamed at the same time.

A pillar of light as thick as a bucket suddenly appeared in the sky and blasted toward Xu Tui.

An Xiaoxue, who looked up and saw this scene, had a shocked expression.

Lavis, who was fighting the flying ant beast, had a complicated expression on his face. He had a hint of relief..