Chapter 1074 - Chapter 1074: The Theory Of The Demon God On Planet Spirit

Chapter 1074: The Theory of the Demon God on Planet Spirit

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The one-eyed ant tide did not dissipate, but there was chaos.

A large number of one-eyed ant beasts froze on the spot, not knowing what to do. Some of them began to turn around. The one-eyed flying ants that were originally pouncing forward like an army were also in chaos.

The pressure on the people guarding the top of the mountain was instantly greatly reduced.

Xu Tui rode his sword at a low altitude. His gaze was bright as he instantly noticed the source of the abnormality. The chaos of the beast tide should have come from their commander, the one-eyed giant ant. There might have been a problem.

More than 20 command-type one-eyed giant ants stood on their hind legs at this moment. All of them looked in Xu Tui’s direction in fear. They let out roars that Xu Tui and the others could not understand.

It was probably because they were afraid of the death of this planetary realm powerhouse from the Mechanical Spirit Race.

However, the reared animals of the Spiritual Race seemed to be different.

At the same time, four Transmutation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race also appeared from the other side of the mountain. They roared angrily. Everyone had a very exquisite device in their hands.

As they pressed down, Xu Tui keenly noticed that the neck rings of the adult-sized one-eyed giant ants suddenly emitted a light. He activated his mental perception at full range and his passive spiritual resonance. What the one-eyed giant ant within an area transmitted to Xu Tui was pain and fear.

In the next moment, the 20-odd one-eyed giant ants began to roar repeatedly. The one-eyed ant beasts that had just stopped attacking instantly became an orderly army again. They roared and charged towards the top of the mountain fearlessly.

“One for each of us. Let’s deal with these four Transmutation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race first.”

Xu Tui had already charged toward the Transmutation Realm cultivator closest to him on his sword. Lavis was still a little puzzled when he rushed out.

He, Bu Qingqiu, and dear Xu Tui were just three people. Where would there be four of them? However, in the next moment, a Transmutation Realm expert suddenly trembled as his head was pierced through by a sharp knife.

These four Transmutation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race were very ordinary. Most importantly, they did not have the will to fight. It was very easy to kill them.

Xu Tui captured his target alive.

The guy was knocked out by the Multi-Dimensional Sword. It was really difficult to control the captives of the Mechanical Spirit Race without suitable equipment.

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui killed or captured the four Transmutation Realm experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race, the 20-odd one-eyed giant ants roared and turned to escape. However, when they fled, they did not forget to activate the one-eyed beast tide to stop the enemy.

Xu Tui smiled when he saw this scene. “These one-eyed giant ants are quite interesting. However, their intelligence is still a little touching.”

Xu Tui smiled and took the controllers that Yan Lie had quickly collected. There were a total of five buttons on them. Xu Tui did not know the specific function. However, there was definitely nothing wrong with pressing it according to the button that the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Transmutation Realm had pressed previously.

In an instant, the neck rings of the 20-odd one-eyed giant ants that had escaped emitted a dazzling light again. The one-eyed giant ants twitched in pain.

However, these one-eyed giant ants did not give up on escaping. Some of the one-eyed giant ants crawled and crawled as they twitched. This resistance could be said to be commendable.

Xu Tui looked at the controller. His gaze shifted, and a cold smile appeared on his face. He quickly advanced on his sword. After approaching a giant one-eyed ant, he enveloped it with his mental perception and used his consciousness to communicate with it.

“Tell your clansmen to stop immediately. Otherwise, although I don’t know the function of pressing the button on the controller, I’ll press them all!”

As soon as he said that, the one-eyed giant ant that was rolling and crawling suddenly trembled. The moment it stopped, it looked at Xu Tui in fear and said, “Don’t, don’t press it recklessly.”

Xu Tui could understand what it meant within the range of his mental perception. “Then tell them to stop.”

“Alright, alright.”

The one-eyed giant ant began to roar in all directions. Some of the one-eyed giant ants who heard the roar stopped, but there were still three to four of them who were running with all their might.

“They don’t belong to me, so…” The one-eyed giant ant that was communicating with Xu Tui was very afraid.

“Old Yan!”

Xu Tui’s flying sword and Yan Lie’s attack instantly killed the three one-eyed giant ants that were escaping. These one-eyed giant ants were not strong themselves. They were only at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

They could not fight Xu Tui and Yan Lie, who were elites who had been through hundreds of battles.

Xu Tui did not ask Bu Qingqiu and Lavis to pursue them. He asked them to guard the top of the mountain carefully. If anything happened, such as another planetary realm, he would at least be able to fight.

What happened next made things easier.

Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, and Wen Shao interrogated the captives separately. The four of them could communicate with their minds with their mental perception. Although they could not understand what they were saying, they could understand what they were expressing.

The answers of these one-eyed giant ants that were controlled or raised by the Mechanical Spirit Race were basically the same.

About half a day ago, they received an order to gather.

It was not just them gathering in this area, but all the ant-people on the planet had received the order to gather their species for battle.

It was divided into war zones.

In other words, no matter where Xu Tui and the others fell, they would encounter the one-eyed ant beast tide in the shortest time possible. This reminded Xu Tui of the strong electromagnetic field half a day ago.

Were they exposed at that time?

Xu Tui had given the captive he was interrogating a name because his entire body was black. It was called Xuan Ju.

According to Xuan Ju, he knew that there was only one Heavenly Fiendcelestial on this land. There were two Great Fiendcelestials. He had seen 21 Little Fiendcelestials. Usually, they were mainly managed and ruled by Little Fiendcelestials. Heavenly Fiendcelestials were extremely rare.

Xu Tui and the others had just killed the Heavenly Fiendcelestial, triggering their fear. Then, the Little Fiendcelestials came out and controlled the others to attack again. This was the current situation.

Xu Tui roughly understood that the Heavenly Fiendcelestial that the one-eyed giant ant, Xuan Ju, was referring to the planetary realm powerhouse, Yin Si, that they had killed.

As for the Great Fiendcelestial, he should be referring to the quasi-planetary realm, while the Little Fiendcelestials were the Mechanical Spirits in the Transmutation Realm.

They did not know where the Heavenly Fiendcelestial and the others lived, but the Great Fiendcelestial and the Little Fiendcelestial usually lived in the

Heavenly Fiend Hall. There were many Fiend guards in the Heavenly Fiend Hall.

These Fiend Guards were very powerful. They often carried huge rocks back to the Heavenly Fiend Hall.

The ant beasts they controlled usually only had a lifespan of ten years. However, all the ant beasts had to be sacrificed to the Heavenly Fiendcelestial when they were seven years old. As for the ant-men, their main mission was to reproduce. The more ant-men and ant beasts they reproduced, the longer they could live.

Xuan Ju was already 27 years old. He was an adult among the ant-people. He had lived such a life since he could remember.

Among the ant-men, the most powerful was the queen ant.

The queen ant’s strength was about the same as the Great Fiendcelestial, which was a quasi-planet. However, it was also controlled and put on a huge collar.

After interrogating these one-eyed ant-people in batches, everyone was confused.

They could confirm that this was undoubtedly a cultivation planet. It was controlled by the Mechanical Spirit Race and the owner might be the Spiritual

Race.

However, there were a few suspicious points.

The Heavenly Fiendcelestial that these one-eyed ant-men knew was actually from the Mechanical Spirit Race and not the Spiritual Race.

One had to know that only names and weapons could not be used by others.

The civilization of the Spiritual Race in this aspect was not inferior to that of the Blue Star. How could such an important belief be used by the Mechanical Spirit Race even if it was only used to control them?

There was also a planetary powerhouse guarding it.

From the situation in the asteroid belt, including the fact that the Spiritual

Race was anxious to redeem the quasi-planetary captives, the situation in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was not too good, especially since their strength was very tight.

It was unreasonable to waste a planetary expert from the Mechanical Spirit

Race here.

Puzzled, Xu Tui began to interrogate the captive of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Xu Tui could not guarantee the results of a normal interrogation. Currently, most of the interrogation methods on the Blue Star were conducted through physical injuries.

In the Mechanical Spirit Race, the physical body could be expanded and changed at will. It was alloyed. The previous interrogation experience was completely useless.

Therefore, Xu Tui took advantage of the fact that the captured Mechanical Spirit Race member was unconscious to come up with a plausible dream for him through the invasion of his Spiritual Resonance and Spiritual Concealment.

Then, through the spiritual radiation, he could see some of the images in his mental body and obtain information from the side.

The information obtained from the side basically verified Xuan Ju’s statement, but he did not obtain much useful information.

Xu Tui did not see the contact information of the Spiritual Race that he wanted to know the most.

He had no choice but to interrogate them.

“Spiritual Race? What is the Spiritual Race? We are the Mechanical Spirit Race, the supreme Mechanical Spirit Race!” After Xu Tui’s interrogation, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s answer stunned Xu Tui.

“You’d better let me go immediately. Otherwise, when our elders return, they will definitely kill you! Let us go now. There’s still room for negotiation!”

This Mechanical Spirit actually did not know anything about the Spiritual Race. They even thought that the Mechanical Spirit Race was supreme.

“You’re not sent by the Spiritual Race?”

“We are the slaves sent by the elders to manage this place. Remember our name—the Mechanical Spirit Race. Don’t lose that Mechanical word,” the Mechanical Spirit replied seriously.

“How many elders do you have?” Xu Tui asked again.

“I heard that there are eight of them.”

“You’ve seen one?” “I’ve only met Elder Yin Si?”

“What about the other elders?”

“I heard that the other elders are all fighting outside and are very busy. They rarely come back.”

This answer made everyone look at each other.

Originally, Xu Tui’s first reaction when he realized that this Planet Spirit might be a cultivation planet of the Spiritual Race was to escape immediately after understanding the situation. Otherwise, Xu Tui and the others would be finished when the Spiritual Race received the news and rushed over.

But now, both the one-eyed ant-men and the Mechanical Spirit’s answer were more interesting.

This cultivation planet did not seem to have anything to do with the Spiritual Race. At the very least, based on the current information, the Spiritual Race had never appeared on this planet.

If that was the case, Xu Tui was not in a hurry to escape. In any case, they could not escape in a short period of time. He might as well investigate this planet.

“Xuan Ju, bring us to your Heavenly Fiend Hall,” Xu Tui ordered.

“This… I don’t dare.’

“Why?”

“The Great Fiendcelestial will kill us.”

“Is the Heavenly Fiendcelestial stronger than the Great Fiendcelestial?”

“The Heavenly Fiendcelestial is stronger, of course.” “But we’ve already killed the Heavenly Fiendcelestial.” “That’s true. Then… I’ll give you… directions..”@@novelbin@@