Chapter 1075 - Chapter 1075: Wartime Reorganization And Spirit Queen

Chapter 1075: Wartime Reorganization and Spirit Queen

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had a basic understanding of the situation on Planet Spirit and the Mechanical Spirit Race while he was communicating with Xuan Ju and the other one-eyed giant antmen.

The Mechanical Spirit Race’s control over the one-eyed giant ant was actually very strict. It might even be called cruel.

In the one-eyed giant ant race, the strength of the ant beasts increased slowly, but the strength of the ant-men increased relatively quickly. Moreover, the one-eyed giant ant race had a very shocking species effect.

The more experts there were in the clan, the stronger the new ant beasts would be.

Ant beasts reproduced extremely quickly.

At the same time, in order to prevent the one-eyed giant ant clan from becoming too powerful and having the possibility of resisting, the Mechanical Spirit Race, which was also the Heavenly Fiendcelestial, only allowed 10 one-eyed giant ant commanders.

Every time a new ant general (a one-eyed giant ant at the Evolution Realm) broke through to the Transmutation Realm after years of cultivation, an old ant general would definitely be sacrificed to the Heavenly Fiendcelestial.

There were no restrictions on the one-eyed giant ant at the Evolution Realm. Therefore, the structure of the one-eyed giant ant clan was very simple. There was a quasi-planetary queen ant, ten Transmutation Realm ant commanders, and thousands of Evolution Realm ant generals.

“Have you… never tried to resist?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“There wasn’t in my generation. However, according to my grandfathers, they resisted a few times a long time ago. However, the consequence of resisting is that we will kill 1 out of 10 new Ant Commanders. Resistance seems to be useless.”

At the mention of this, the dejected Xuan Ju suddenly asked, “You guys are very powerful. Are you the enemies of the Heavenly Fiendcelestial?”

“That’s right. We are their enemies,” Xu Tui gave an affirmative answer.

The Mechanical Spirit Race had many bases on Planet Spirit. However, most of them were relatively simple storage and transport bases. There was only one true core.

It was also the Heavenly Fiend Hall that Xuan Ju mentioned.

So far, Xu Tui has confirmed something else.

From this direction, only four Transmutation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race had come. They had killed three of them, and one of them had been captured.

Xu Tui asked the captured Transmutation Realm expert a question. Why did they have to jump out after the so-called Heavenly Fiendcelestial, which was also the planetary realm powerhouse, Yin Si, was killed by them?

This was Xu Tui’s confusion.

Were the battle wills of these Mechanical Spirits really that strong? The planetary powerhouse in their race had already been killed. How could they still dare to jump out?

This captive of the Mechanical Spirit Race was called Yin Siyu. Yin was his surname, and Si indicates that he’s a subordinate. Yu was his name.

Yin Siyu’s answer surprised Xu Tui.

“How can the Heavenly Fiendcelestial be killed? The Heavenly Fiendcelestial only left temporarily because he had something on, so they will complete the enemy-killing mission.”

Xu Tui was stunned.

Currently, Xu Tui could not tell if the Mechanical Spirit Race had successfully

brainwashed their own people. However, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s brainwashing of their own people was really successful.

The Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit actually thought that their Heavenly Fiendcelestial, which was also a planetary realm Mechanical Spirit, could not be killed. Of course, then again, the highest realm of deception was to make yourself absolutely believe your lies before letting others believe you.

Xu Tui felt that the Mechanical Spirit Race had already done this.

This discovery made Xu Tui suddenly realize that the Heavenly Fiend Hall of the Mechanical Spirit Race, which was also the main base, might not know that the planetary realm powerhouse, Yin Si, had been killed by them, if they did not have any extraordinary methods. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui suddenly realized that this might be another chance for them to escape. This was because there was a high chance that there would be aircrafts in the Spiritual Race’s base.

An aircraft that could escape this planet.

If they could obtain the Mechanical Spirit Race’s aircraft, they would be able to escape calmly before the Spiritual Race arrived.

“Xuan Ju, we might be able to help you escape the control of the Fiendcelestial!

You saw it too. We have the strength to kill the Heavenly Fiendcelestial! However, the prerequisite is that I need you to cover us and silently approach the Fiendcelestial’s Heavenly Fiend Hall. Perhaps we can find a way to break through your neck rings in the Heavenly Fiend Hall,” Xu Tui said.

According to Xuan Ju, there were many generals like him who controlled some of the ant beasts. They were all over the Planet Spirit. He would definitely encounter them on the way to the Heavenly Fiend Hall.

Once a one-eyed giant ant reported to the Heavenly Fiend Hall, Xu Tui and the others might be exposed in advance. The Mechanical Spirit Race would know their whereabouts and report it to the Spiritual Race.

To be honest, there was still a possibility of killing a planetary realm powerhouse like Yin Si of the Mechanical Spirit Race with the cooperation of two quasi-planetary experts and Xu Tui.

However, if Lei Hong came, Xu Tui only had one choice—use the Origin Crystal Sealing Card to escape. Whether it was speed, strength, or explosive power, Lei Hong was not something they could restrict.

Xuan Ju’s eyes widened. It took him a long time to come back to his senses. “Can you really help us escape the control of the Fiendcelestial? We have to sacrifice tens of millions of ant beasts to the Fiendcelestial every year, including thousands of ant generals. I also hope to escape the control of the Fiendcelestial.

“In three years, when I turn 30, I will enter the sacrificial sequence! Perhaps I will be chosen to sacrifice the Fiendcelestial one year. Moreover, even if I’m lucky enough not to be chosen, I’ll definitely be sacrificed when I reach 40!”

No matter what, from Xuan Juts words, the Mechanical Spirit Race had been rather successful in brainwashing their own people. However, the brainwashing of the one-eyed giant ant had failed. “Of course. We are the enemies of your Fiendcelestial.”

“I need to think about it.’

“Alright, I’ll give you time.”

While Xuan Ju was considering, Xu Tui also gathered all the survivors.

There were still 18 original members of the pioneer raiders. Including Xu Tui, Yan Lie, Bu Qingqiu, and Lavis, there were a total of 22 people.

“Let’s hold a last-minute meeting.” Xu Tui looked around at everyone and said, “You all understand our current situation. We have temporarily escaped the threat of the Spiritual Race, but the threat is still everywhere.

“Next, in order to better deal with the danger, I personally think that we need to reorganize our forces and establish a command system.

“Since we were originally the pioneer raiders, we’ll temporarily form the

Worldly Pioneer Raiders. I’ll be the regiment commander. What do you think? If you have any objections, you can say it directly.”

Xu Tui did not stand on ceremony.

unaer sucn circumstances, Demg ponte was stupid. Even witn An maoxue, qu Qingshan, and Wen Shao around, Xu Tui still felt that he was the most suitable candidate for the regiment commander.

Whether it was the actual combat on Mars, the space invasion, the Moon’s defense battle, or the asteroid belt’s exploration battle, these battle results were extremely dazzling.

Not to mention that they were all focused on Xu Tui.

Wen Shao was very surprised by Xu Tui’s words. He was not surprised by Xu Tui’s decision, but by his thick skin. He actually announced that he wanted to be the regiment commander. In Wen Shao’s opinion, he was really a little shameless. Should he at least let them publicly push him?

Qu Qingshan’s bald head moved closer to Wen Shao and asked sinisterly, “Old

Wen, you’re unwilling?”

Wen Shao thought for a few seconds. “How can that be? I’m wondering if Commander Xu needs a vice-captain to run errands.” After Qu Qingshan glared at him, Wen Shao quickly added, “Adjutant is fine too.”

“I agree. We’ll adapt it into the Worldly Pioneer Raiders during the war.” Qu Qingshan was the first to support him in a high-profile manner. Not to mention anything else, just the fact that Xu Tui dared to save them with a three-phase thermal bomb was worth it.

Of course, Old Qu knew very well that he was just a companion.

Xu Tui had wanted to save An Xiaoxue. Would Xu Tui have come if An Xiaoxue was not here? Qu Qingshan had not found an answer to this question.

“I agree.” An Xiaoxue’s support was simple and direct.

“I agree.” Wen Shao quickly added.

For a moment, everyone agreed. Anna from the European Sector also expressed her agreement. Only the Transmutation Realm expert from the European Sector, Gaman, did not express his stance.

Xu Tui did not force him.

“If you have any different opinions, you can leave now. Or you can follow behind the team from afar. After we find the aircraft, we can give him an extra aircraft to leave alone,” Xu Tui said to Gaman.

At this moment, he had to be determined and eliminate the possible unstable factors. Otherwise, a small accident might cause their entire team to be wiped out.

Since Xu Tui had already said so, if Gaman did not express his stance, he would probably be chased out. “Of course I agree. However, I’m thinking that I’ve learned battlefield command and reconnaissance in the past. I should be able to assist Commander Xu Tui in a lot of work, including your physical work. I can help.”

Gaman wanted to be the vice-captain.

Xu Tui sneered. Perhaps it was because of Cai Shaochu’s influence, Xu Tui now had a tendency to be similar to Cai Shaochu. It was impossible for him to be the vice-captain! Besides, in the previous battle, Gaman’s performance was very ordinary.

“Why don’t you be the regiment commander? We’ll all listen to your commands.” Xu Tui looked at Gaman and asked.

At first, Gaman was delighted, but he was immediately shocked. Not to mention the gazes of the others, just the cold gazes of Lavis and Bu Qingqiu made him unable to take it. “No, no, no. You’re the regiment commander.

You’re the regiment commander.”

“Since I’m the regiment commander, you have to listen to me! I announce the establishment of the pioneer raiders. During wartime, military orders are the most important, especially during battle. If you have any different opinions, you can raise them after the battle! Those who disobey will be killed!”

As soon as he said the word ‘killed’, an indescribable sense of majesty spread out from Xu Tui’s body.

This sense of majesty stunned An Xiaoxue and Qu Qingshan, who had been separated from Xu Tui for a few months.

Xu Tui seemed to have grown up.

An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui’s resolute face. Her heart skipped a beat. Even she, who had always been cold, could not help but palpitate.

“This kid seems to be different!” This was Qu Qingshan’s thought.

“An Xiaoxue is the first vice-captain. An Xiaoxue will command when I die in battle. Wen Shao is the second vice-captain. If An Xiaoxue and I both died in battle, Wen Shao would take over. Qu Qingshan is the third vice-captain. If all his predecessors died in battle, he would replace them. Yan Lie will be the fourth vice-captain and be a substitute.”

Xu Tui thought about it and looked in the direction of Gaman. “Gaman will be the fifth vice-captain. He will be the alternate one after another. Every vice-captain can choose a suitable candidate and form a combat team.”

Xu Tui looked at Bu Qingqiu after he finished speaking. He did not have to worry about Lavis now. Only Xu Tui could control it. He just had to use it as his strongest power.

Bu Qingqiu had to give an explanation. Since they had established the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, they had to be more official.

“I’m used to traveling alone. I’ll be an executor! In the future, if anyone disobeys the regiment commander’s orders on the battlefield, I’ll take action and execute the military law, no matter who it is!”

When she said the last few words, Bu Qingqiu stared at Gaman. It was as if these words were directed at him, causing him to be terrified.

Bu Qingqiu, a quasi-planet, had placed a knife on his neck.

The reorganization was completed in 15 minutes. It was worth mentioning that the various combat teams were formed very quickly. Only the vice-captain, Gaman, was alone. He had originally thought that the person who was most likely to join his team was Anna, who was also from the European Sector.

However, Anna had joined An Xiaoxue’s team.

It was rather awkward!

After the adaptation was completed, Xu Tui looked at Xuan Ju. “Have you considered it?”

“Commander Xu, our Spirit Queen wants to talk to you,” Xuan Ju suddenly said.

Xu Tui’s expression changed..