Chapter 1071 - Chapter 1071: Gravitational Field And Strong Magnetic Field

Chapter 1071: Gravitational Field and Strong Magnetic Field

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Dashan, Xu Tui has learned your Flame Explosion technique again. Show him another fire-element instantiation ability.”

Bu Qingqiu smiled as she looked at the small ball of fire that Xu Tui had exploded in the distance. She thought of her teacher, Chen Chuxuan.

How happy would her teacher be if he knew that she had solved the historic problem of the School of General Senses?

At the side, Qu Qingshan had a bitter expression. He once again displayed another fire-type instantiation ability that he was better at to Xu Tui—Fire Meteor.

Comparisons were infuriating!

It was only now that he could clearly sense Bu Qingqiu’s Water Attraction Technique. He could barely use it. However, the Water Attraction Technique he used was much weaker than the Water Attraction Technique that Xu Tui had just learned.

The difference was like an iron rod and a toothpick.

He had no choice. After using his mental perception, Xu Tui used the Mind Concentration Technique to activate the relevant genetic base points. It was almost like cheating as he quickly increased the power of the Water Attraction Technique.

As for Qu Qingshan, he had to continuously cultivate and resonate with it before he could slowly activate his genetic base points.

In less than five minutes, Xu Tui had already sensed Qu Qingshan’s Fire Meteor.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui, who had activated one genetic base point of the Fire Meteor, could already use the fist-sized Fire Meteor.

Seeing this, Qu Qingshan, who was a little depressed, asked angrily, “You succeeded again. Then I’ll continue to show you.”

This time, Xu Tui rejected him.

“Mr. Qu, don’t bite off more than you can chew. I’ve already learned four new abilities from the School of General Senses today. I need to slowly comprehend them and see which ability is more suitable for participating in my combat system. I’m not going to learn it for the time being,” Xu Tui said.

Qu Qingshan was very gratified when he heard that. Before he could praise Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu said, “Dashan, look at Xu Tui. He knows that he should not bite off more than he can chew. He knows when to stop. This is much better than a teacher like you. You have to learn from Xu Tui.”

Qu Qingshan was speechless.

Qu Qingshan had a depressed expression. He could not learn from Xu Tui. He wanted to be greedy and see what it felt like to not chew it up, but the problem was that he could not be too greedy.

At this moment, he had barely mastered the Water Attraction Technique. “Commander, let me interrupt. I have a question,” Yan Lie suddenly said.

“What question?”

“Is our current speed normal? I feel that our drifting speed is getting faster and faster. The speed test shows that our drifting speed has already exceeded 1,000 kilometers per hour. If we encounter an obstacle…”

“A thousand kilometers per hour?” Xu Tui was stunned. He immediately used his replacement communication device to do an easy speed test. His expression changed when he did that. It showed that the speed was 1,060 kilometers per hour.

Xu Tui glanced at Bu Qingqiu and quickly asked, “Old Yan, how long ago was the speed test?”

“A minute ago. Our current speed is increasing rapidly. It’s increasing by about 50 kilometers per minute.”

“We might have been captured by the gravitational field of a certain celestial body.” Bu Qingqiu was not surprised at all. “This is one of the unpredictable dangers that I mentioned before.”

Xu Tui knew the consequences of being captured by the gravitational field of a celestial body. Under normal circumstances, if the captured celestial body had a certain mass and speed, it would form a surrounding orbit.

It was just like how the Moon was on Blue Star, and Phobos was on Mars.

However, there was only one outcome if this continued. They would crash into the celestial body that had captured them at high speed.

He did not know about celestial bodies. However, at this current acceleration, even Bu Qingqiu, a quasi-planetary, would be finished, let alone them.

“Miss Bu, can you slow down?”

“Conventional means of slowing down are useless in space. You can only slow

down with reverse thrust,” Bu Qingqiu said.

“Got it!”

At this moment, it was not the time to hesitate. Once their speed was accelerated to a certain extent, they could not slow down even if they wanted to.

As for spreading out Bu Qingqiu’s ice barrier at this moment, it was purely courting death. If he used it forcefully, he would disperse everyone into space. Who would die and who would live depended purely on luck.

Soon, Xu Tui gave the order. Anyone who could fly would use their strength to apply reverse thrust to the Ice Barrier.

Under the circumstances that their speed had not been accelerated to the extreme, the speed of the space drifting group began to slow down to a safe range with the help of the three Transmutation Realm experts, Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and Lavis and Bu Qingqiu.

However, Xu Tui quickly thought of a new problem.

What was their direction of survival?

First, they would naturally wait for the fleet under Ah Huang’s Command to catch up. Then, they would be saved.

Under normal circumstances, Lavis had only brought them to a distance of about 50,000 kilometers. However, for safety, the fleet that Ah Huang was controlling was flying at a distance of a day from Tower Asteroid.

In theory, if he was lucky enough, Ah Huang would be able to find Xu Tui within a day. If they were unlucky, Ah Huang’s fleet might not be able to find Xu Tui within three days.

Originally, it was just a space drift. Lavis and Bu Qingqiu could still maintain their rotation for a few days. However, not only did they have to drift in space, but they also had to use the reverse thrust, which greatly increased their consumption.

At this rate, it would be difficult for them to last a day, let alone three days.

Soon, Xu Tui made a difficult and decisive decision.

They gave up on slowing down and only maintained the speed of space drift within a controllable safety range. Then, they crashed towards the celestial body that had captured them at high speed.

Hmm, it should be flying.

If the gravitational field captured them, it meant that the celestial body was not far from them.

Most celestial bodies had a harsh environment, but in terms of low temperatures, most celestial bodies were much better than low temperatures in space.

As long as the celestial body that captured them was not an extremely high-temperature celestial body like the sun, it would be a place of survival for them.

Moreover, comparatively speaking, the fact that the gravitational field could capture ultra-small-scale pseudo-celestial bodies like them from afar meant that the mass of this celestial body was not small.

Then, Xu Tui used his communication device to make a basic calculation based on the measurable data such as the impact of the celestial gravitational field on their acceleration and the deceleration of the reverse thrust.

The celestial body captured by this gravitational field should be of greater mass than Earth, but it would definitely not reach the level of the Sun. Its mass might be between Earth and Jupiter.

Without professional equipment, he could only make such an estimate.

With the support of this data, there was a high chance that the celestial bodies that captured them would not be extinct celestial bodies like the Sun.

Due to the current situation, Xu Tui made a decision after communicating with An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, Bu Qingqiu, and Yan Lie.

Accept the capture of this unknown celestial body and move towards it at a safe speed. If the fleet controlled by Ah Huang had not arrived before they arrived, they would descend on this unknown celestial body and obtain time to survive.

As long as they maintained their speed within a certain range, they would be safe even if they crashed into this celestial body.

In the next day, everyone’s minds were tense. From time to time, they would apply reverse thrust to slow down the Ice Barrier or the energy shield. However, it became more and more strenuous.

This meant that they were getting closer and closer to this unknown celestial body.

After drifting in space for two days, Yan Lie observed several celestial bodies with his naked eye from afar. @@novelbin@@

“Commander, we’ve discovered several celestial bodies, but we don’t know which celestial body’s gravitational field has captured us,” Yan Lie said.

Yan Lie’s voice had just sounded in the communication channel. Before anyone could respond, an ear-piercing sound sounded in the communication channel. The internal communication channel established using the function of the communication device instantly became paralyzed and fell silent.

“There’s a strong electromagnetic field!”

No one heard Xu Tui’s words, but the team members were a little flustered because the communication was cut off. In the chaos, Xu Tui quickly used his spiritual radiation ability to communicate with them. Only then did they calm down.

Unable to communicate, they could only drift quietly.

The three celestial bodies that Yan Lie mentioned gradually appeared in front of everyone. However, not long after, Xu Tui realized that it was not any of the three celestial bodies that had captured them.

This was because they did not fly towards any of the discovered celestial bodies. Instead, they continued to fly in another direction.

Half a day later, the strong magnetic field that had interfered with the communication suddenly disappeared. Yan Lie, who had developed the supernatural being ability of his eyes, exclaimed again.

“Commander, there’s an even larger celestial body ahead. The celestial body we discovered just now might be its satellite!”

Yan Lie’s words sounded in the communication channel. Everyone’s hearts skipped a beat. This meant that their chances of survival would increase greatly.

“Currently, based on the long-range naked eye, this planet is mainly yellow, but there are blue and green. It’s very likely that there’s water or even vegetation.” Yan Lie’s voice was filled with surprise.

“How far away are we?” Xu Tui could not see with his vision. He could only ask Yan Lie.

“According to my estimates, we should be able to arrive in half a day at most,” Yan Lie replied.

“Miss Bu, Lavis, how long can you last?” Xu Tui asked.

“If I don’t rest, I can last another three hours at most.”

“If I had enough Origin Crystals, I could last a few more days.” Lavis looked very despicable.

“It’s Lavis’ turn. Miss Bu, rest and preserve your strength.” As he spoke, Xu Tui gave Lavis 500 grams of Origin Crystals.

Up until now, Xu Tui had thrown in nearly 3,000 grams of Origin Crystals in order to escape. This was also one of the reasons why Xu Tui’s words were so important.

Xu Tui was the sugar daddy!

Just as everyone was looking expectantly at the planet that Yan Lie described but could not see, which was a little similar to the Blue Star, an alarm suddenly sounded in a base deep in the satellite they had just passed.

“Life fluctuations have been detected! Twenty-two electronic signals were detected in the strong magnetic field. Detected that they have been captured by the gravitational field of Planet Spirit. Their identities are unknown and their origins are unknown.”

A minute later, a phantom appeared.

“According to the emergency plan, order the natives of Planet Spirit to annihilate or capture them. At the same time, inform the elders stationed there to monitor them. Also, inform the five Planetary elders outside to approach Planet Spirit in case of emergencies.”

“Roger that..”