Chapter 1076 - Chapter 1076: The Ant Man ‘S Target And Xu Tui ‘S Target

Chapter 1076: The Ant Man ‘s Target and Xu Tui ‘s Target

(1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was not shocked because he heard about the Spirit Queen.

The Spirit Queen was the queen ant of the one-eyed giant ant race. She was a quasi-planet. However, Xu Tui’s expression changed drastically. It was because Xuan Ju had actually contacted their Spirit Queen under his nose, but he knew nothing.

This was an extremely dangerous factor!

“You contacted your Spirit Queen?” Xu Tui narrowed his eyes and looked at Xuan Ju.

“I can’t directly contact the Spirit Queen, but as long as I use my antennae to call out for a long time, our Spirit Queen will sense it and take the initiative to contact me. What happened just now was of utmost importance, so I called the Spirit Queen,” Xuan Ju said.

“What did the Spirit Queen say?”

“The Spirit Queen wants to talk to you personally.” @@novelbin@@

“How do we talk?”

“After I contact the Spirit Queen, the Spirit Queen will communicate with you throught me.

After he finished speaking, the two pairs of antennae on Xuan Ju’s head swayed meaninglessly. There had been such a swaying previously. Xu Tui did not notice it because he was in the middle of reorganizing.

Xu Tui still noticed a little abnormality when he was sensing with all his might, especially under his microscopic perception. Xu Tui could sense that the antennae on Xuan Ju’s head were emitting an extremely blurry strange frequency.

He could sense it.

This made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. What if Xu Tui could use this ability to establish a super long-range connection with the queen ant?

A minute later, Xuan Ju suddenly closed his eyes. The four pairs of antennae on his head collided and suddenly made a sound.

“Hello, our friend! I am the Spirit Queen of the Ant Clan. You can call me the Spirit Queen or Mother Kun.”

Xu Tui did not pay much attention to this voice when he first heard it. He casually replied, “Hello, Spirit Queen. My name is Xu Tui, and I am the commander of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders.”

Xu Tui froze midway through his sentence. This was because this was a voice, a language, and not a consciousness communication. The Spirit Queen was actually speaking Huaxia!

“You… understand and speak our language? Did the Mechanical Spirit Race teach you this, or did the Spiritual Race teach you? Did you learn it yourself?” Xu Tui asked in surprise.

“Is this your language? I’ve never heard of the Spiritual Race, but it wasn’t taught to me by the Mechanical Spirit Race. I was born with this language, but it’s more difficult to learn.

“Therefore, in my species, only Ant Generals are qualified to learn this language. However, the Mechanical Spirit Race has been controlling us very strictly over the years. My language training for the Ant Generals has not been completely completed. That is my duty.”

These words stunned Xu Tui.

She was born with it? There was no Spiritual Race?

The information she revealed was too much. Even the Spirit Queen of the one-eyed giant ant race did not know about the Spiritual Race.

“May I ask how many years you have been around, Spirit Queen?”

“I’ve been in this world for 121 years. I’m the 27th queen ant of the ant-man race. Usually, an existence like me can live for more than 200 years. Is there a problem with you asking that?”

Xu Tui was shocked once again.

The Spirit Queen named Mother Kun had already survived for 121 years, but she had never heard of the Spiritual Race in these 121 years. 121 years ago, the Spiritual Race had not invaded the Blue Star.

What did this mean?

“Pardon me for asking, but how many years has your entire race been enslaved?”

“Eighty-three years.”

This answer made thoughts flash through Xu Tui’s mind. They had been enslaved and controlled for 83 years, but they did not know about the Spiritual Race. Did that mean that this Planet Spirit was not a cultivation planet of the Spiritual Race, but a cultivation planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race?

Or was it a private item of the Mechanical Spirit Race? Or was it the fief of the Mechanical Spirit Race? The possibility of a fief should not be high. If it was a fief, with Lei Tian’s current tight combat strength, he would definitely transfer Yin Si to the frontline instead of wasting it on a cultivation planet.

Then this was the private goods of the Mechanical Spirit Race?

If this planet was a private possession of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the situation would be different. It would be fun.

Xu Tui instantly had a different thought.

“What’s wrong, Commander Xu Tui? Do you have a problem?”

“No problem.”

“Since there are no problems, let’s talk about cooperation. What’s your goal?”

“Leave this planet and return to my hometown.”

“I don’t understand how this works with us.”

“The things in your so-called Heavenly Fiend Hall that can help us leave this place.”

“Understood. Do you need me to help you infiltrate the Heavenly Fiend Hall safely?”

“Yes, that’s the general idea,” Xu Tui said.

“No problem. We can help with that, but we also have conditions.”

“Speak!”

“Actually, it’s not a condition. It’s the same as your request. Break through the Heavenly Fiend Hall. Due to the fact that my Ant Generals had been controlled, we could not directly attack the Heavenly Fiend Hall.

“We can cover you as you approach the Heavenly Fiend Hall and even create an opportunity to attack it. However, after you kill the various Little

Fiendcelestials in the Heavenly Fiend Hall, my children can take action,” the Spirit Queen said.

“It’s a fair deal.”

Xu Tui and the Spirit Queen had basically come to an agreement. The Spirit Queen had used her species abilities to remotely command the one-eyed giant ants under her to bring Xu Tui and the others into the Heavenly Fiend Hall.

However, the way they hid it was a little… terrifying!

After a large number of one-eyed ant beasts climbed onto her body, Anna first screamed in fear. She even stepped on a few one-eyed ant beasts to death.

“Anna, if you can’t even tolerate this, then stay here alone until our mission is completed,” Xu Tui shouted..