Chapter 1077 - Chapter 1077: The Ant-Man I S Target And Xu Tui L S Target (2)

Chapter 1077: The Ant-Man i s Target and Xu Tui l s Target (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I can tolerate it!”

Anna glanced at Xu Tui. She closed her eyes and allowed the one-eyed ant beasts to climb onto her combat uniform. @@novelbin@@

The plan given by the Spirit Queen was very simple.

They got the one-eyed ant beast to cover them, then let the one-eyed ant beasts quickly carry them forward. This way, no matter how they looked from afar, they would see a huge tide of ant beasts rolling forward.

It had to be said that the one-eyed ant beasts were very cooperative under the command of Xuan Ju and the others.

When they approached the ant beasts in the other areas, especially when they encountered the controller of the Mechanical Spirit Race, they would hide Xu Tui and the others very well. Their auras were mixed with thousands of ant beast auras. Unless they were deliberately searched, no one would be able to discover them.

Half a day later, a group of buildings built halfway up the mountain appeared in front of Xu Tui and the others.

After the ant swarm arrived at the foot of the mountain, they could no longer get close. A Mechanical Spirit shouted and directly whipped Xuan Ju and the other ant-men.

Xuan Ju and the others crawled and begged. They took out a piece of the Transmutation Realm’s Mechanical Spirit’s limb that had been killed previously before they attracted the attention of the Mechanical Spirits. They hurriedly returned to report.

Xu Tui took the opportunity to spread out his mind power like a tidal wave and sense the situation on the mountain. A few minutes later, Xu Tui was stunned.

“Ask your Spirit Queen why there are no Great Fiendcelestials in the Heavenly Fiend Hall.”

He did not sense the aura of a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse. If there were no quasi-planetary realm powerhouses here, there would be no need to go through so much trouble.

“The Spirit Queen said that she doesn’t know either. However, it would be even better if they’re not around,” Xuan Ju said.

“Prepare for battle.”

There were about a thousand Mechanical Spirits in the Heavenly Fiend Hall. There were only ten Mechanical Spirits in the Transmutation Realm, and there were less than a hundred Mechanical Spirits in the Evolution Realm. The rest were all low-level Mechanical Spirits.

Although there were many of them, there was basically no suspense when facing the pioneer raiders who had two quasi-planets.

However, the defense of this base was very powerful. How to rush in with the least casualties was a big problem.

A few minutes later, the Mechanical Spirits who had left with the fragments quickly rushed over. They wanted to bring Xuan Ju in for questioning.

However, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s guard did not even dream that Xuan Ju would have a ball in his arms and a bag of water in his hand.

A minute later, Xuan Ju, who had entered the base, spilled one of the bags of water and threw the ball out.

The small ball instantly turned into Lavis. The moment the water bag was thrown open, Bu Qingqiu, who had made preparations in advance, instantly appeared inside the door.

As soon as they attacked, the two quasi-planets launched the most intense attack. While the alarm in the base rang, it also attracted the greatest firepower.

However, no matter how powerful this firepower was, it could not cause effective damage to a quasi-planetary powerhouse.

At the same time, the other members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders charged towards the destroyed entrance of the base like ferocious tigers.

Qu Qingshan displayed his abnormal side here.

Wen Shao only blasted out a large fireball, while Qu Qingshan turned the large fireball into a sea of fire. A fire dragon rose from the sea of fire.

The Mechanical Spirits below the Transmutation Realm instantly turned into an alloy liquid in front of this fire dragon.

The battle began and ended very quickly. In less than ten minutes, other than the two survivors, they had slaughtered all the Mechanical Spirits in the base. The combat strength of the Mechanical Spirit Race was really a little ordinary. The gains during the battle were also very gratifying.

There were five spaceships of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

This was the hope of leaving Planet Spirit.

While he was ordering Wen Shao to bring people to guard the spaceship, Xu Tui’s mental perception spread out like a tidal wave. He began to search for an extremely important thing in the entire base.

At the same time, when all the Mechanical Spirits in the base, especially the Little Fiendcelestials at the Transmutation Realm, were killed, a scalp-numbing rustling sound rang out again.

The sounds that the small one-eyed ant beasts made when they moved were like a tsunami.

Everyone’s expressions changed.

How many one-eyed ant beasts would rush in? Most importantly, what would these uncontrollable one-eyed ant beasts do if they rushed in now?

It was completely unpredictable.

Everyone looked at Xu Tui. It was obvious that they had subconsciously regarded Xu Tui as his backbone.

“Keep an eye on him, Miss Bu. Protect the hangar. I’ll be back soon,” Xu Tui said as he glanced at Xuan Ju.

He had found the key thing.

“I’ll cover you!” Yan Lie said.

“Xiaoxue, if there are any abnormal movements, kill them directly. Don’t hold back.” Xu Tui’s words were directed at An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie.

In the next moment, Yan Lie disappeared. Xu Tui instantly rushed out of the hangar on his sword.

The wave of ant beasts had already rushed into the undefended Heavenly Fiend Hall.

In Xu Tui’s mental perception, most of the ant beasts charged into the

Heavenly Fiend Hall without end. It was purely a flood-like occupation.

However, there was a wave of ant beasts that rushed in the other direction of the Heavenly Fiend Hall. Among them, there were two Transmutation Realm auras.

It was a one-eyed giant ant-man that was larger than Xuan Ju.

“They’re rushing towards the Energy Control Center of the Heavenly Fiend Hall?”

Xu Tui did not quite understand what these ant-men were doing, or rather, what the ant queen was doing. Were they going to destroy the Energy Control Center?

Xu Tui did not care about them. His current goal was to obtain that important item. Only by obtaining that item would he have a foothold.

Unfortunately, Ah Huang was not by his side. If Ah Huang was by his side, this base of the Mechanical Spirit Race would be invincible in a short period of time.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui and Yan Lie appeared in front of an inconspicuous door at the side of the control center. This room was very inconspicuous. It was just an ordinary lounge or warehouse.

However, Xu Tui had just sensed something good through his mental perception. It was a more complicated and larger controller. What was stored here should be the Mechanical Spirit Race’s main controller for the Ant-men.

The small box in the hands of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Transmutation Realm expert was actually a controller. This was the mystery of technology.

“Can you flash in?”

The door could not be opened. There were many safety modes, and his mind power could not open it.

Yan Lie tried it. In the next moment, he slammed against the door heavily. Yan Lie, who had stood up, said with a bitter expression, “I can’t go in. There are at least two different types of energy waves and particle shockwave beams in the middle of the interlayer of this door. I could pass through pure energy and supernatural power. However, this technological energy can sometimes hinder me.”

He had found the item, but he could not open it or get it. It was a big problem.

At the same time, the wave of ant-men that had rushed towards the Energy Control Center of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s base began to destroy it crazily after they rushed in.

Although they did not know how to turn off the Energy Control Center, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Energy Control Center was destroyed in less than 30 seconds. It was too easy to destroy. This was one of the problems with technological equipment.

The energy control center was destroyed, and the energy supply in the entire base was instantly cut off. The defensive arms that had been attacking automatically just now instantly lost their effect. That included lighting facilities.

A tsunami-like roar sounded at this moment. It sounded like the one-eyed giant ants were cheering.

They were celebrating!

What was there to cheer about after destroying the Energy Control Center? Xu Tui did not understand. However, at the same time, Yan Lie’s figure suddenly disappeared. Yan Lie’s voice came from the communication channel.

“Commander, the ant-men have helped! Without the energy supply, the multiple energy barriers in this room are gone. I went in. Is your target this box?”

“Yes, can you take it out?”

“I’m afraid I won’t be able to escape with this box. However, after the energy is cut off, I can easily open the door from the inside.”

As he spoke, Yan Lie had already carried the box out of the room. The moment Yan Lie came out, the ground suddenly shook violently.

The ground shook!

There was a loud bang!

Xu Tui and Yan Lie turned around at the same time to look in the direction of the loud sound.

Yan Lie instantly exclaimed, “F*ck, what kind of monster is this?”