Chapter 1073 - Chapter 1073: The Brave Lavis

Chapter 1073: The Brave Lavis

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Everything had happened too quickly.

From the moment he landed on this unknown planet, he had been attacked by the one-eyed giant ant tide. Xu Tui had just discovered the commander of the one-eyed giant ant when he was ambushed from behind by a planetary powerhouse.

Xu Tui was ambushed from behind by a planetary powerhouse when he realized that he was on the Spiritual Race’s cultivation planet. Countless doubts flashed through Xu Tui’s mind the moment the terrifying planetary realm power fluctuation rose.

Under normal circumstances, the Spiritual Race would definitely stationed experts on their cultivation planet. It was the same on the resource planet last time. There were Evolution Realm and Transmutation Realm guards.

However, in theory, the Spiritual Race would at most stationed a few quasi-planets on their cultivation planet.

A guard in the planetary realm on a cultivation planet? Have you ever seen a tiger looking at a vegetable garden or a pigsty?

Xu Tui did not have the time to think about all of this. These thoughts were just one of the countless thoughts that flashed through his mind. However, his life-saving instincts also instantly began.

Xu Tui instantly activated the Time Distortion ability the moment he sensed the aura of the planetary powerhouse behind him. This was an ability that he had not used for a long time. However, it was very useful for saving his life. Now, it could buy Xu Tui less than 0.1 seconds to react.

0.1 seconds was enough for Xu Tui to tear open the Origin Crystal ability seal card in his hand.

Xu Tui had developed a habit after several space battles. He held a life-saving Origin Crystal ability seal card in his hand in an uncertain environment.

Today, Xu Tui was holding the Escape Formula that Old Cai had given him. Almost at the same time that the terrifying pillar of light pierced over, a mysterious power instantly enveloped Xu Tui and disappeared.

However, in everyone’s eyes, they saw Xu Tui being pierced through and dissipated by the terrifying pillar of light.

Blood suddenly gushed out of the corner of An Xiaoxue’s mouth when she saw this scene.

Bu Qingqiu was stunned! She did not expect Xu Tui to die just like that. That shouldn’t be the case! However, there was nothing that he should not do under the sneak attack of a planetary powerhouse.

Wen Shao’s gaze was complicated. He was extremely shocked!

Qu Qingshan was dumbfounded. His eyes widened and his mouth opened wide, but he did not shout.

Only Lavis looked at this scene with surprise. He was dead. Dear Xu had finally died in battle! He was liberated! He was very happy!

However, Lavis’ happy expression only lasted for a moment before it froze.

An intense energy fluctuation appeared above his head. In the next moment, Xu Tui’s figure suddenly appeared.

The energy pillar of light had only pierced through Xu Tui’s afterimage.

An Xiaoxue smiled happily when she sensed Xu Tui’s familiar aura again.

Qu Qingshan laughed out loud.

Only Lavis was indescribably dejected, but he still had to maintain a smile.

“Lavis, attack!”

Following Xu Tui’s order, Lavis, who was smiling but feeling extremely depressed, suddenly turned into a blue light and charged toward the planetary powerhouse who had suddenly appeared in the sky without any fear.

Yes, this was Lavis!

Xu Tui was very satisfied with Lavis’s performance.

“The rest of you, continue to resist the beast tide and shrink the defense circle. Miss Bu, Lavis can’t hold on for long. I need you to help me create an opportunity.” Xu Tui immediately gave the order.

A planetary realm was terrifying! However, it was not a desperate situation for the current team. There was a possibility of dealing with it. After all, there were two quasi-planets.

Xu Tui had given Lavis the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body back then. Other than using his ability to escape, he had also considered this.

There was a quasi-planetary powerhouse with decent combat strength. As long as he did not encounter an extremely powerful planetary powerhouse, he would still have the ability to fight.

At the very least, he could block it and fight for an opportunity.

Bu Qingqiu instantly soared into the sky and faced the planetary powerhouse together with Lavis. At the same time, the planetary powerhouse who had ambushed Xu Tui also revealed his true appearance.

It was a huge Mechanical Spirit that was five meters tall. The huge cannon-like energy jet arm was quickly splitting into two and flying over at high speed.

“The Great Xi Clan and the Blue Star humans? What a strange combination. Interesting.” As he spoke, Yin Si was already fighting with Lavis.

The difference in strength made Lavis not dare to fight Yin Si head-on. He only dared to wrangle with him. However, he still managed to entangle Yin Si, a planetary powerhouse.

Xu Tui was very satisfied with Lavis’s performance. He liked it.

At the same time, Bu Qingqiu soared into the sky. She used the Water

Attraction Technique and the Ice Spear one after another, reducing the pressure on Lavis.

The planetary realm of the Mechanical Spirit Race was much weaker than the planetary realm of the Spiritual Race. It was even inferior to the planetary realm of the Blue Star.

Xu Tui rode his sword up. He prepared his mental hammer and released his mental perception. He began to sense the original quantum life frequency of Yin Si. @@novelbin@@

Previously, Xu Tui had sensed countless lives of the Mechanical Spirit Race. At this moment, even though Yin Si had an extremely powerful energy defense on his body, causing Xu Tui’s mental perception to be very blurry, he still managed to capture the frequency of his original quantum life in a short period of time.

As he sensed Xu Tui, he shouted, “The Spiritual Race actually placed a planetary realm guard on this cultivation planet. It looks like this cultivation planet is very important to the Spiritual Race.”

Yin Si did not respond to Xu Tui’s words, but his attacks were even fiercer. Almost at the same time, Yin Si, who had grasped Lavis’ plan, sent Lavis flying with an energy light explosion.

Bang!

At the same time that he instantiated Yin Sit s original quantum life frequency, Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashed down on Yin Si.

Yin Si frowned slightly. It did not affect him. It only hurt a little. In the next moment, a flying sword instantly blasted towards Yin Si.

Yin Si ignored it. He was a guy who had just approached the Transmutation Realm. Even if he stood there and did not move, he would not be able to break through his energy defense.

The moment he was hit by the flying sword, a large number of ripples suddenly appeared on the surface of Yin Sit s body. Then Yin Si frowned. His mental body felt a little uncomfortable.

He seemed to have been touched slightly. At the same time, an earthen yellow light erupted, causing Yin Si’s body, which was in the air, to fall more than ten meters.

It made Yin Si frown. He looked at Xu Tui in surprise.

The guy in front of him, who had just approached the Transmutation Realm, could actually injure it?

Xu Tui also frowned. This was the first time he had used the

Multi-Dimensional Sword. Although it could injure a Planetary powerhouse, such an injury was actually just a scratch. There was no substantial damage.

The power was not what Xu Tui had expected, but it was also within his expectations.

The Multi-Dimensional Sword was currently just a nesting doll. It had not been qualitatively enhanced.

However, Xu Tui’s sword also gave Lavis a chance to recover. He turned around and charged toward the planetary powerhouse again. His performance was very heroic.

Xu Tui gave him a thumbs up.

“Miss Bu, prepare to help me restrain him. I can help you create an extremely short period of absent-mindedness.” Xu Tui used his consciousness to contact Bu Qingqiu.

The mental hammer and the Multi-Dimensional sword just now were just Xu Tui’s probing. At the same time, a three-phase thermal bomb instantly appeared in Xu Tui’s hand. He used his mind power to tie it to the flying sword and instantly soared into the sky.

Seeing the three-phase thermal bomb, Yin Si’s expression changed. The defensive light around his body instantly flashed, and he became extremely cautious. If he was hit by this thing, he would die. He had to deal with this group of people as soon as possible and find out their source and goal.

Planet Spirit was too important to them.

At the same time, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind suddenly lit up. The light surged into his mental whip genetic ability chain. In an instant, Xu Tui’s mental hammer expanded.

Boom!

The mental hammer landed on Yin Sits head without any resistance. Even though Yin Si was a planetary powerhouse, his mental body still swayed. He felt dizzy for a moment.

It was also at this moment that Bu Qingqiu let out a delicate shout. Four Water Attraction Techniques instantly gathered together. The blood of the one-eyed giant ant on the ground instantly soared into the sky after it was killed. A blood-colored dragon that was like a tornado instantly took advantage of this opportunity to entangle Yin Si.

Whoosh!

The sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out as it blasted towards Yin Si with a three-phase thermal bomb.

Yin Si had only been affected by the mental hammer for a moment. He immediately became anxious when he saw the three-phase thermal bomb flying over.

His arms and legs instantly transformed into a huge cutting wheel. As the cutting wheel spun, the blood-colored dragon that was entangled began to rapidly disintegrate.

The red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind erupted with light again. This time, the flames surged into the Stab Formula.

Nine long and spiked earth spikes appeared beside Yin Si out of thin air. The moment they appeared, they were like the softest noodles, tangling and coiling. In an instant, they formed an earth spike cage and trapped Yin Si.

However, the huge cutting wheel that Yin Si had transformed into quickly spun. While the Earth Spike Cage trapped Yin Si, it was broken.

The time it took to trap Yin Si was extremely short. It was so short that it did not even take 0.1 second, but it was enough. The flying sword had already arrived 30 meters in front of Yin Si with the three-phase thermal bomb. Xu Tui shouted the moment the earth spike cage was broken. “Explode!”

The brilliance of the three-phase thermal bomb instantly annihilated Yin Si. However, Yin Si was not going to sit back and wait for death. The glaring energy light shrank crazily. At the last moment, Yin Si chose to defend with all his might.

But Xu Tui used the modified three-phase thermal bomb that Cai Shaochu had given him before he left.

To be safe, he still used a 50-kilogram three-phase thermal bomb.

The power of the modified 50-kilogram three-phase thermal bomb was 50% stronger than the largest 100-kilogram three-phase thermal bomb.

In the energy shockwave, Xu Tui, Bu Qingqiu, and Lavis all retreated quickly.

Although the modified three-phase thermal bomb had further compressed the range of the strongest explosion, if this power was close, a wave of impact would cause a quasi-planetary expert to be injured or even severely injured.

Two seconds later, the two waves of energy shockwave from the three-phase thermal bomb turned into flames and exploded. The flames instantly overshadowed the light of the sun.

Even though Xu Tui retreated quickly, his outermost Vajra Set also melted. The second layer of the Vajra Barrier immediately blocked it.

Fortunately, he had the Vajra Set. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have been affected.

Bu Qingqiu, who had retreated in a hurry, turned around and looked at Xu Tui. She then looked at the large ball of silver liquid left in the center of the explosion. She was filled with surprise. She even could not believe it.

Planetary realm?

He was destroyed by their cooperation just like that!

Although they used a three-phase thermal bimb, it was much easier than she had imagined.

Lavis, who had retreated with his face covered in dust under the shockwave, looked at Yin Si, who had turned into a ball of silver liquid, and cursed. “This Planetary realm is really useless!”

“He’s so powerful, yet he’s useless? Why don’t you go alone next time?” Xu Tui raised his eyebrows.

Lavis, who was cursing, immediately put on a smile. “My dear Xu, you command well. We cooperated too well.”

“Yes, it’s also because you are heroic and good at fighting!” Xu Tui had never been stingy with his praises for people who fought bravely.

Lavis smiled and nodded, but he was about to cry in his heart. Who wanted to be heroic and fight well?

Couldn’t a powerful planetary realm expert come and kill his master—Dear Xu? At the same time, something unexpected happened to the beast tide below..