Chapter 1078 - Chapter 1078: How Can I Lose Something That I Never Gained? (1)

Chapter 1078: How Can I Lose Something That I Never Gained? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

A small mountain-like monster broke out from the ground behind the Mechanical Spirit Race’s base.

Previouslv. it should have been underground. At this moment. it broke out of its trap and caused the ground to surge like a tide. The first thing that poked out of the ground was a huge ball with a shell.

It was a huge ball that was two meters square. It also had limbs.

Xu Tui looked at the monster that was struggling out of the ground. He suddenly knew what it was.

Spirit Queen!

The Spirit Queen of the one-eyed giant ant. Wasn’t that huge ball the one-eyed ant-man. However, the Spirit Queen’s single eye was exceptionally huge.

“Let’s go back to the hangar!” @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui hugged the box and instantly rode his sword back to the hangar.

It had to be said that Yan Lie’s ability was also very shocking. The speed of his concealment was even faster than the speed of Xu Tui’s flying sword. Yan Lie had already arrived when Xu Tui arrived.

In the hangar, Lavis and Bu Qingqiu were guarding at the front. Everyone’s gazes were fixed on the Spirit Queen, who had just struggled out of the ground.

It was a huge one-eyed ant beast that was more than 12 meters tall and nearly four meters wide.

In terms of size, other than being large, it was no different from ordinary ant-man. However, its huge body, limbs, six legs, and antennae all felt extremely powerful.

No one doubted its power.

With such a body, it did not need to unleash any energy. Just its strength alone would probably be able to unleash the attack power of a quasi-planet. Xu Tui, on the other hand, sensed a powerful mind power fluctuation.

The mind power of this Spirit Queen was very strong.

Xu Tui basically understood why the ant-man had destroyed the energy control center of the Mechanical Spirit Race. This was because not only was the Spirit Queen controlled, but she was also suppressed here by the Mechanical Spirit Race with relevant facilities.

The ant-man had destroyed the Energy Control Center only to release their Spirit Queen.

What about now?

Everyone had the same questions and worries.

Xu Tui looked at the control box in his hand and did not say anything. He quietly looked in the direction of the Spirit Queen and waited for her to come over.

From the beginning, Xu Tui had wanted to use Spirit Queen like a scumbag. He could pull out his gun and fall out with her at any time.

Xu Tui was not that naive to talk about trust and a complete cooperation with an alien species.

Everyone calmed down when they saw how calm Xu Tui was. They looked at the queen ant that had escaped from the distance and the excited roars of the ants. For a moment, they felt that this was an extraordinary experience.

The cheers of the ants outside lasted for a full ten minutes. Then, under the escort of the black ants crawling on the ground and flying in the sky, the Spirit Queen walked towards the hangar.

The 12-meter-tall Spirit Queen looked extremely oppressive when she stood in front of everyone, especially with her fierce appearance and strange huge eyes. A timid person would probably have their legs go limp just by looking at her.

“Xu Tui, happy cooperation!”

As soon as the Spirit Queen spoke, the people from the Worldly Pioneer Raiders were shocked again.

On an unknown foreign planet, it was already very shocking for a giant beast to speak. However, the moment she opened her mouth, she actually spoke Huaxia. Although her tone was a little strange, it would definitely knock out a large number of people.

Everyone looked at each other.

It was not rare for the Spiritual Race to know the Huaxia language, but there must be a story behind the fact that an aboriginal alien species knew the Huaxia language.

“Happy cooperation.” Then, the Spirit Queen’s slender whip-like antennae pointed at the box in Xu Tui’s hand. “Now, hand this to me and our cooperation will be complete. Leave the thing to me. Leave this planet and return to your hometown.”

“This…” Xu Tui smiled. “It’s our spoils of war.”

The Spirit Queen was stunned. Her huge eyes swayed. “Commander Xu Tui, I’m very happy to cooperate with you!

“However, this box is useless to you. I suggest that you hand it over to me!

Don’t look for trouble. Leave it to me. You can leave this place now.” The Spirit Queen’s tone suddenly became cold.

“Is that a threat?”

“No, this is the truth! You can look behind me. All the ant beasts and ant-men on the planet are rushing in this direction. The Little Fiendcelestials who controlled them have been killed. We are liberated! Therefore, I think you need our friendship,” the Spirit Queen said.

“Friendship? But you lied to me.” Xu Tui sneered.

“Lie to you? Where did that come from?”

“You know the whereabouts of the Great Fiendcelestial, but you deliberately hid it from me.”

The Spirit Queen was silent.

Xu Tui had actually deduced this from his judgment.

The captive, Xuan Ju, had said that the Spirit Queen could communicate with any of them alone. As for them, they could communicate with ant beasts within a certain range.

It could be said that the entire planet was within the queen ant’s line of sight. Even the every move in the Mechanical Spirit Race’s base could not be hidden from the Spirit Queen, even if she was imprisoned.

With this as the basis, the Spirit Queen knew that the Great Fiendcelestials was not in the Heavenly Fiend Hall.

“You want to look for the Great Fiendcelestial?” After a while, the Spirit Queen asked, “Hand me the box in your hand. I’ll bring you to the two Great Fiendcelestials who went out!”

“I told you that this box is my spoils of war!” Xu Tui raised his head and stared coldly at the Spirit Queen.

In an instant, the Spirit Queen was furious.

With a roar, the tens of thousands of ant-men and ant-beasts around them pounced forward with a shocking momentum..