Chapter 1070 - Chapter 1070: The Autistic Qu Qjngshan

Chapter 1070: The Autistic Qu Qjngshan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

What was the historical problem of the School of General Senses?

It was the inheritance!

It was the introductory stage!

It was the difficulty of sensing the original quantum frequency.

This could be seen from the scale of the School of General Senses in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

In the top Genetic Evolution College, geniuses were chosen from all of Huaxia.

But there were less than 20 students in the School of General Senses. It had to be known that this was the total number of first-year, second-year, third-year, and fourth-year students.

In the end, only half of them could persevere.

How miserable was the School of General Senses? It was not far from being lost.

If Bu Qingqiu, Qu Qingshan, and Ji Gui, the core figures, all died, the School of General Senses would be cut off. There might not be a School of General Senses in more than ten years.

Putting aside other reasons, why did Bu Qingqiu have to follow Xu Tui to save

Qu Qingshan and not hesitate to be defined as a traitor by the Blue Star?

It was because there were too few talents in the School of General Senses.

Qu Qingshan was not only a genius in the School of General Senses, but he was also one of the few geniuses in the School of General Senses who knew how to teach students.

Although Qu Qingshan did not teach many students, it was a lot compared to others.

However, at this moment, Xu Tui’s small experiment, Bu Qingqiu’s thoughts, and the special environment they were in now seemed to have solved the historical problem of the School of General Senses.

The biggest problem with the School of General Senses was that new students could not sense the original quantum frequency of a certain element even after spending a long time.

Many students gave up at this point. They had not seen any results for months, half a year, or even a year or two. Who could persevere in this fast-paced society?

However, in space, Bu Qingqiu and Xu Tui inadvertently realized that the perception of the original quantum frequency had become easier.

In essence, it was extremely difficult to sense any original quantum frequency in space.

But what if a teacher helped guide him?

In the lonely space, the teacher had personally used a certain School of General Senses ability. It was like placing a thousand-watt bulb in the night sky. It could be seen at a glance. As long as he could see it, he would be able to comprehend it.

Before this, the problem for the students of the School of General Senses was that they had sat in the mountains, in the water, for more than half a year, but they had not even touched the shadow of the original quantum frequency.

It felt like he had comprehended air.

Bu Qingqiu understood this very well.

But now, this problem has been resolved.

As long as there were students who met the requirements and were brought to space by a quasi-planetary realm teacher like her, they would be able to master a certain ability in a few days.

He would enter the introductory stage before sensing the fundamentals. The

speed would be very fast!

As for the cost of time, it was nothing.

She, Bu Qingqiu, had spent decades nurturing two students. One had died in battle, and the other was Qu Qingshan. If she could nurture a student from the School of General Senses after surviving in space for five days, Bu Qingqiu felt that she could nurture a hundred a year.

“Xu Tui, continue to sense and comprehend the Water Attraction Technique. This ability is actually very widely used. All liquids that contain water can be turned into your attack methods. It could attack, defend, and support. Furthermore, it was extremely tricky.

“Moreover, as long as we can take the opportunity to break into the enemy’s body or cause injuries to the enemy, as long as there are a few wounds, even planetary powerhouses will suffer greatly.” After saying that, Bu Qingqiu added, “I’ll take advantage of this time to continue collecting relevant data! If it was done, our School of General Senses would definitely prosper!

“No, it was very likely that the Huaxia Sector was going to prosper! If everyone had your speed, our School of General Senses would definitely prosper. The Huaxia Sector would definitely prosper!”

“Yes. I need some time to activate one or two Genetic Base Points. Lavis, I’ll comprehend an ability at the last minute. Guard it.”

“My dear Xu, don’t worry.” Ever since Xu Tui had stripped Lavis of his Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, he had become extremely obedient.

“Dashan, come and sense and comprehend my Water Attraction Technique,” Bu Qingqiu ordered.

Qu Qingshan was stunned when he heard that. “Miss Bu, my major is fire-type instantiation, and my minor is earth-element instantiation. I haven’t mastered water-element yet.”

“When did our School of General Senses talk about this? If we want you to comprehend it, do it immediately. I have new research to do,” Bu Qingqiu shouted.

“Uh… alright.”

Qu Qingshan was a little unwilling. He, who did not understand the situation, felt that his teacher was about to be snatched away by Xu Tui.

However, after carefully sensing it with his mental perception for 15 minutes, Qu Qingshan’s expression changed. He instantly became extremely surprised. @@novelbin@@

“Miss Bu, I sensed it! I sensed the original quantum frequency of the Water Attraction Technique. Let me sense it a few more times. I should be able to use the Water Attraction Technique.”

Qu Qingshan reported the good news excitedly.

On the Blue Star, he could not even sense it for 15 days, let alone 15 minutes. The perception speed today was simply a miracle!

Suddenly, Qu Qingshan realized what Bu Qingqiu was talking about. However, Qu Qingshan did not notice that Bu Qingqiu’s expression was a little ugly through the mask.

“So slow?” Bu Qingqiu suddenly asked.

“How is that slow? Miss Bu, 15 minutes! I only used 15 minutes to sense the original quantum frequency of the Water Attraction Technique. This was an unprecedented speed. As long as you let me sense it a dozen times, I can definitely use the Water Attraction Technique alone!” Qu Qingshan explained.

“Xu Tui only used a minute to sense the original quantum frequency of the Water Attraction Technique.”

“One minute?” Qu Qingshan shook his head stubbornly. “I don’t believe you.”

“Sense the original quantum frequency of my Ice Barrier again.” Bu Qingqiu did not insist.

“Alright.”

This time, it took Qu Qingshan a full 13 minutes to sense the original quantum frequency of the Ice Barrier. However, when he opened his eyes again, he saw Bu Qingqiu’s slightly disappointed gaze.

This made Qu Qingshan’s heart skip a beat. Why did he feel like he was about to lose Miss Bu’s favor?

“Miss Bu, in 13 minutes, I’ve already sensed the original quantum frequency of the Ice Barrier. Is it fast enough?” Qu Qingshan quickly said.

“Fast, it’s indeed fast enough!” Bu Qingqiu’s expression darkened. She said, “Look at Xu Tui!”

On the other side, an Ice Snake danced between Xu Tui’s fingers. It was like a toy. Sometimes, it would turn into a dragon and open its teeth. Sometimes, it would turn into a snake and coil itself into a shield.

“He can use it just like that?” Qu Qingshan exclaimed.

“Why else would I say that you’re slow!” Bu Qingqiu glared at Qu Qingshan.

Qu Qingshan was speechless.

Bu Qingqiu’s disdainful gaze almost made him autistic.

Qu Qingshan only reacted after being glared at several times. “Miss Bu, that’s not right. This Xu Tui is actually a student I discovered and taught. It’s normal for the student to surpass the master.”

Bu Qingqiu ignored him. She had an expression that said, “You’re slow, you’re stupid.” Qu Qingshan wanted to vomit blood.

However, no matter how slow Qu Qingshan’s reaction was, he understood the importance of this discovery.

“Miss Bu, in that case, wouldn’t our School of General Senses really prosper?” Qu Qingshan’s voice trembled.

He had been teaching on the frontline all year round. He knew best how difficult it was to get started. He could only laugh when he said that it was hell-level difficulty.

“That’s right!” Bu Qingqiu nodded and swept her gaze across the people present. ‘Which of you knows mental perception? Which of you has stronger mental perception?”

Bu Qingqiu immediately made a decision.

Their current situation was too dangerous. If anything really happened, this great discovery would die before it could be passed down. She had to let more people know!

It was just in case.

Even if there was a chance, there had to be hope of passing it down.

There were not many people in the team who could use mental perception. An Xiaoxue, Wen Shao, and an earth-element supernatural being called Wei Cang had also activated their mental perception.

At this moment, Bu Qingqiu no longer cared about anything.

“Dashan, teach them the method of microscopic perception now. Get them to learn it in the shortest time possible. Then, see if they can enter the introductory stage of the School of General Senses.”

Qu Qingshan frowned. “Miss Bu, I didn’t bring my microscopic induction card.”

“Hmm?”

Just as Bu Qingqiu was about to flare up, Xu Tui suddenly took out a stack of cards. “I brought them.”

There was a stack of cards in Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain.

Qu Qingshan, An Xiaoxue, and Wen Shao’s eyes instantly widened when they saw Xu Tui taking things out of thin air. The horn on Wen Shao’s forehead began to tremble.

“Xu Tui, is this a quantum… dimensional chain?”

The quantum dimensional chain had always been the main research project of supernatural beings. They had invested countless resources into it. Over the years, he had followed Director Zheng Shaohong and conducted countless research.

However, they all failed!

But now, Xu Tui actually has this ability.

Previously, when Xu Tui took out his combat uniform, everyone was still nervous. No one had noticed it. They only noticed it now.

“I accidentally learned it from a captive during the space invasion,” Xu Tui admitted generously.

“Captive… Can… Can you teach me?” Wen Shao yearned for such an ability. However, he felt that it was a little presumptuous after asking. This was especially so when he was in school. He and Xu Tui were not on good terms.

“I can’t teach you for the time being. I only learned it through practical perception. I’m also exploring it now. If I can teach you, I’ll definitely teach you immediately,” Xu Tui said.

Wen Shao had powerful mind power. He could sense that Xu Tui was very sincere and had no intention of patronizing him. He felt even more ashamed. Back then, he was like that in school, but Xu Tui was like that in the extra-terrestrial.

Actually, Xu Tui had not thought about this at all.

Compared to the cruelty of the extra-terrestrial, the little conflict in the college could only be classified as a daily banter between friends.

“Miss Bu, are you saying that I can also learn the abilities of the School of General Senses?” An Xiaoxue, who had been caught by Bu Qingqiu, was a little puzzled.

“I think you can. Furthermore, there’s a high chance that you can do it! Your mind power is powerful, and your mental perception is even stronger. Look at Xu Tui. He’s an example. Learning my ability can allow you to have more advanced and three-dimensional combat methods. Your strength will definitely increase greatly.”

In order to have a few more students, Bu Qingqiu tried her best to persuade them.

The historical problem of the School of General Senses had been resolved, but the threshold of the School of General Senses was still very high.

For example, mental perception was a must!

Without mental perception, there was no need to talk about anything!

“Alright then. I’ll try.”

An Xiaoxue was mainly moved by Bu Qingqiu’s last sentence. If she learned it, her combat methods would be more three-dimensional, and her strength would greatly increase.

For a moment, this space drifting team started a small wave of learning craze because of Bu Qingqiu and Xu Tui’s discovery.

An hour later, Xu Tui, who could successfully use the small-scale Ice Barrier, once again made Qu Qingshan almost autistic. He was so envious that he was about to go crazy.

How could Xu Tui’s perception and comprehension speed be so fast? Why couldn’t he?

However, in this relaxed atmosphere, no one noticed that the speed of the space drift had increased. Or rather, this was a gradually accelerating process and did not alert them..