Chapter 1079 - Chapter 1079: How Can I Lose Something I Never Gained? (2)

Chapter 1079: How Can I Lose Something I Never Gained? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Spirit Queen, I’m a coward. If you scare me again, I might press on the button randomly. Why don’t I try the function of these buttons?” Xu Tui sneered.

The Spirit Queen’s huge eyes spun angrily. “Xu Tui, you have lost my friendship! Do you want to become our enemy?”

“I’ve never obtained it. How can I lose it?”

The Spirit Queen was furious. The four pairs of slender tentacles on her head waved crazily, emitting an ear-piercing sound. At the same time, an indescribable mental fluctuation attacked Xu Tui at lightning speed.

Mental attack!

This Spirit Queen actually knew mental attacks!

He pulled out the Mental Vibrating Whip and dispersed a portion of the mental attack. Then, this sinister mind power slammed into Xu Tui’s mental shield and dissipated. Almost at the same time that he was attacked, Xu Tui’s finger pressed the red button marked 9 on the controller without hesitation.

Bang!

The neck ring of a Transmutation Realm Ant Commander standing beside the Spirit Queen exploded without any warning. The powerful explosion directly blasted the Ant Commander’s head into pulp.

While the Spirit Queen was in shock, he used his mental hammer to smash the Spirit Queen’s huge eye.

“You also know mental attacks?” The Spirit Queen shook her head as if nothing had happened. “It’s just a little weak.”

“Yes, it is a little weak! However, it’s enough for me to block your mental attack and press all the buttons on it!” As he spoke, Xu Tui pointed at the largest red button. “Spirit Queen, guess how it will react when I press on this thing?”

The huge eyes of the Spirit Queen spun wildly. The feeling reflected by his spiritual resonance shows that the Spirit Queen was a little afraid.

Technology-oriented things had a strong pattern.

Xu Tui could basically tell.

This largest red button should be a device to control the Spirit Queen.

There were no control devices that looked like silver rings on the Spirit Queen’s body. However, Xu Tui had sensed a few huge silver rings in the Spirit Queen’s body the moment the mental hammer smashed down.

These silver rings could not be seen with the naked eye. It was mainly because they were covered by the Spirit Queen’s huge body. It might even be because of the long period of imprisonment that they had grown into the Spirit Queen’s body.

Yes, thank you, Mechanical Spirit Race!

The method of controlling the Spirit Queen was really considerate. Otherwise, Xu Tui might have to face the pursuit of the entire ant race. They might all be wiped out here. It was impossible to expect the alien species to keep their word.

The Spirit Queen instantly became extremely agitated. However, when she saw the controller in Xu Tui’s hand, she finally controlled her emotions.

“What do I have to do for you to be willing to hand over the controller in your hand?” the Spirit Queen asked.

“I told you, this is my spoils of war! This is what we seized after we broke through the Heavenly Fiend Hall. It’s impossible for us to hand it over to you directly,” Xu Tui said.

“I’ll bring you to the two Great Fiendcelestials. After we kill them, everything in this base will belong to you. Then you’ll give us the controller? How is it?”

“In theory, the things in the base are also our spoils of war. However, you have occupied them.” Xu Tui sneered.

The Spirit Queen was speechless.

“What exactly do you want?”

“Value. I’ll only give you the controller if there are enough valuable things to exchange for it! However, the prerequisite for everything is that we have to be safe. Now, my suggestion is that you bring us to these two Great

Fiendcelestials first and work together to destroy them. Otherwise, not only us, but even you would be very unsafe!

“According to the captive’s confession and our understanding, there is more than one Heavenly Fiendcelestial in the Mechanical Spirit Race, which is the Fiendcelestial Race that you mentioned.”

Xu Tui’s words shocked the Spirit Queen. “There’s more than one Heavenly

Fiendcelestial? How many are there?”

“A conservative estimate is six, or maybe eight!”

“Impossible!” The Spirit Queen exclaimed, “There can’t be so many Heavenly Fiendcelestials. You’re scaring me!”

Xu Tui did not say anything. He directly projected some of the battle videos

from the Moon defense battle and the battle of the Fuqiang asteroid to the Spirit Queen.

There were several planetary realm figures of the Mechanical Spirit Race inside. In an instant, the Spirit Queen exclaimed! “How can there be so many Heavenly Fiendcelestials?”

“More than you can imagine! Moreover, your so-called Heavenly Fiendcelestial is not strong. There are many people stronger than them. Therefore, you understand what I mean. You should know very well what it means to you once the surviving Great Fiendcelestial asks for help,” Xu Tui said.

“I understand. Then I’ll bring you to where these two Great Fiendcelestials are going now.”

“By the way, where did these two Great Fiendcelestials go? Why did they leave the Heavenly Fiend Hall that they are guarding?” Xu Tui asked.

“They have been out for a while because of a few people who look similar to you.” The Spirit Queen’s words stunned Xu Tui.

Did the survivors of the pioneer raiders wander here? However, in theory, even the survivors of the pioneer raiders could not stop the two quasi-planets.

Who could it be?

At the same time, the planets that were nearly a million kilometers away from Planet Spirit, which had a strong magnetic field when Xu Tui and the others passed by, were actually satellites of Planet Spirit.

In the base on the Spiritual Guards, a red alarm sounded.

The sudden loss of contact with the main base of Planet Spirit made Yin Wushu of the Mechanical Spirit Race, who was on duty, panic. He immediately reported the emergency to the First Elder of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s elder group, Yin Er.

An hour later, the Planetary powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race on duty on Charon Star called for an emergency meeting through a secret channel.

“Yin Si might have already died in battle. We have lost contact with the base of Planet Spirit. There’s a problem! Planet Spirit is our foundation. We have to send people over immediately.”

“First Elder, I’m already on my way to Planet Spirit,” Yin Ba replied.

“It’s not enough for you to go alone! Your strength is about the same as Yin Si. If you go alone, you won’t be able to solve the problem. You have to bring at least two and bring a few helpers. Yin San, Yin Wu, Yin Liu, Yin Qi, who can go over?”

“First Elder, I’m too far away from Planet Spirit. I can’t leave or take leave,” Yin San replied. @@novelbin@@

“First Elder, I’m leading a team to chase after Lang Fanyun, Lang Ju, Yanzi, and the others. I can’t free myself for the time being,” Yin Wu replied. “First Elder, it’s my turn to guard Planet Kono these few days. I still have a month left,” Yin Liu replied.

There was only Yin Qi left, but First Elder Yin Er sneered. “Since we can’t leave, let’s just lose the Planet Spirit.”

“First Elder, I can go, but I hope you can help me inform Lei Qian! Otherwise, it will definitely be inconvenient for me to disappear for more than ten days,” Yin Qi said weakly after a while.

“Alright, I’ll contact Lei Qian now and tell her that you need to return to your home planet. Lei Qian will still give me this bit of face,” First Elder Yin Er said.

“Then I’ll set off immediately.”

“Remember to try your best to mobilize a few quasi-planets over! You must not suffer any more casualties. Reconnaissance first. Don’t be in a hurry to attack.”

“Understood..”