Chapter 1086 - Chapter 1086: Quantum Jade Core

Chapter 1086: Quantum Jade Core

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In some aspects, Yanzi was still extremely smart.

For example, value included control.

“I know the location of Lei Tian’s forward operating base and the many ways to reach Planet Kono where the forward operating base is. I also know the defense system of the forward operating base.

“Although the defense system of Lei Tian’s forward operating base would change, there were some things that could not. This should be information that you need very much. I can give it to you, but the prerequisite is that you meet our requirements before I tell you,” Yanzi said.

“What are your requirements?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Snatch the ultra-long-range communication device that can directly contact the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary or the command center of the forward operating base from the hands of the higher-ups of the forward operating base, such as Lei Tian or Lei Qian. Complete ones,” Yanzi said.

“If you don’t give us the specific location of the forward operating base, how can we break through the forward operating base if we can’t find it?” An Xiaoxue asked.

In reality, An Xiaoxue’s question was provided by Xu Tui.

“Give us the specific location of Lei Tian’s forward operating base first. I guarantee that I will give you what you want,” An Xiaoxue said.

Yanzi was stunned for a moment before she suddenly reacted. “You can’t guarantee it! Even if you really give it to me, I’ll still be your captive, so this rule doesn’t hold.”

Xu Tui sighed. Yanzi had become smarter again.

“Then change your request,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Our goal is to leave this place and return to the home planet in the Milky Way. Or we can find a way to contact our Sanctuary. As long as you can do this, I’ll give you the location of the forward operating base and the relevant information,” Yanzi said.

“If it’s within our abilities, sure.”

An Xiaoxue agreed readily. It seemed like a reasonable deal. However, Xu Tui slapped his head and forcefully interrupted their conversation.

“You can, but in essence, this is just a deal! We will facilitate it, and you will give us the information. This is a very direct and consensual deal. It is not your value. If this is the only basis for the deal, then you are only worthy of being our captives! It was not cooperation. Value. Only by providing the value we need can we have a basis for cooperation,” Xu Tui said.

Yanzi did not flare up at Xu Tui’s domineering interference. Xu Tui had made it very clear that value was different from trading.

The trading was a one-time thing. Its value was a requirement. Moreover, they had to have long-term needs to show their value and obtain a cooperative status. Only by obtaining the status of cooperation could Yanzi and the others save themselves and obtain a certain level of freedom.

Otherwise, she could only rely on her methods to be a prisoner and wait for the final transaction to take place.

This time, Yanzi thought hard for nearly half an hour before she suddenly spoke.

“Did the Blue Star humans obtain a quantum array core from Lei Xiang?” Yanzi suddenly asked.

Xu Tui’s eyes were filled with surprise. Yanzi had actually mentioned this?

“Indeed. It’s being studied, but there’s only one sample. There’s no progress so far. We can’t even understand the materials. Why? Do you know how to make a quantum array core?” Xu Tui deliberately said that he did not have any research results. He asKea me question as 11 ne was Incurrerenc. However, ms mental perception, including his spiritual resonance, had already landed on Yanzi. Yanzi’s answer next was very important.

He wanted to know if it was true.

“How could I know how to make a quantum array core? If I could make a

quantum array core, I would have been carried into the Sanctuary as an elder and enjoyed the top treatment in the clan.

“I would even have several Planetary experts protecting me when I went out. How could I have ended up in this state?” Yanzi said helplessly.

According to the information provided by the passive perception of his spiritual resonance, Yanzi’s words were true.

Yanzi should not know how to make a quantum array core.

Xu Tui was a little disappointed.

Unknowingly, Yanzi had already begun to negotiate with Xu Tui.

“Then why did you mention this?” Xu Tui asked.

“Although I can’t make a quantum array core, I can refine the materials to make a quantum array core,” Yanzi said.

Xu Tui was shocked. “You can actually make a large-scale jade-like thing that can store a large amount of Origin Energy?

Xu Tui was really shocked. According to the information from Lei Xiang’s confession, in the Spiritual Race, be it experts who could resonate with the quantum array core or make materials for the quantum array core, they would all be carried into the Sanctuary to be an elder.

The status of a Sanctuary Elder was extraordinary.

That was a place that even Lei Tian hoped to be carried in. Xu Tui instinctively did not believe Yanzi when she said that she did.

“I can make it,” Yanzi gritted her teeth and confirmed.

Xu Tui became even more puzzled when he saw Yanzi’s expression. “It’s not that I don’t believe you, but Lei Xiang said that there are not many people in the Spiritual Race who can make materials for the quantum array core. They are all elders of the Sanctuary. How… is that possible?”

Yanzi, who had been questioned, bit her lip gently and said hesitantly, “I do know how to make the quantum jade core, the material for the quantum array core. However, I only know that it’s completely the same as a secret technique. I also have the ability to make it. However, it has not been successfully created before.”

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes when he heard that. “You’ve tried it before, but you failed? Do you know the complete production method? As far as I know, both the resonance technique of the quantum array core and the method of preparing the quantum jade core of the quantum array core are top-secret in the Spiritual Race. How do you know?”

“My grandfather! My grandfather is an elder of the Sanctuary, and he’s also the one who made the quantum jade core. He taught me a long time ago. It’s just that I’m not strong enough and have never succeeded in making it,” Yanzi said.

“What kind of strength do you need to make a quantum jade core?” Xu Tui asked.

“Making a quantum jade core requires at least the power of the Transmutation Realm. Moreover, it also requires a special fire-type supernatural power. I’ve cultivated this power since I was young. Therefore, don’t try to find out how to make a quantum jade core from me.

“My grandfather had already placed a Spiritual Lock on me. Furthermore, I would not tell even if I died. Besides, even if I tell you, you won’t be able to use it,” Yanzi said in one breath.

Xu Tui’s mind raced. He already understood what Yanzi meant. There was no precedent for a successful production method. To be honest, Xu Tui could not refuse what Yanzi said. Even Old Cai would not be able to refuse Yanzi, let alone Xu Tui.

They had to cooperate.

Xu Tui had already completed the resonance of the quantum array core. In other words, Xu Tui might be able to create a quantum array core as long as he had the Quantum arrav core.

Once Xu Tui created the quantum array core, it would be an epoch-making leap.

That meant that the long space-time distance in the universe that was long enough to consume the lifespan of the Blue Star humans might be reduced by a thousand to ten thousand times.

It had extraordinary meaning!

Since Yanzi had given him something extremely valuable and in her hands, they had to negotiate a cooperation. @@novelbin@@

Generally speaking, the two sides were temporarily working together as allies.

Yanzi, Lang Ju, and Lang Biao temporarily joined the pioneer raiders in a cooperative manner. To a certain extent, they followed An Xiaoxue’s instructions.

That’s right. The person Yanzi chose to obey was An Xiaoxue.

It was not Xu Tui.

The basic restrictions were also based on friendly forces. They had the right to refuse An Xiaoxue’s battle orders when they participated in the battle, but they had to have a valid reason.

“There’s something I have to tell you in advance. According to my grandfather, with my talent, as long as I have the strength of the Transmutation Realm, I can successfully create a quantum jade core.

“However, I could not guarantee that I would be able to create a quantum jade core immediately. It might take a few or even a dozen failures to create the quantum jade core. In addition, I need you to help me search for and provide the raw materials for the quantum jade core. If you can’t provide the raw materials, the three of us won’t be able to search for them,” Yanzi said in advance.

“Don’t worry. As long as you do your best, I won’t rush you.” Xu Tui agreed readily. As long as the meat was in the pot, would he be afraid that she would not rot?

A few minutes later, Yanzi, Lang Ju, and Lang Biao flew out of the volcanic eruption tunnel. Lang Ju and Yanzi each held an emergency space beacon with vigilance.

“Say, do you not have any confidence in the value you provide? Or do you not know how to make a quantum jade core?” Xu Tui questioned.

“How is that possible? I’m not lying!” Yanzi was furious.

“Then why are you holding that thing? To put it bluntly, even if you activate it and Lei Tian knows the location, it will still take time for him to rush over. We still have time to evacuate this place. We are not in a situation of certain death!

Therefore, you don’t have to do that.”

Yanzi was a little depressed. It seemed that Xu Tui was right.

“If you can really create a quantum jade core, all of us will definitely worship you like an aunt. We will give you whatever you want. This is your value,” Xu Tui said.

“You’re the auntie!” Yanzi retorted unhappily. However, she inadvertently put away the emergency space beacon in her hand. Just as Xu Tui had said, her long-term value was the most important foundation for cooperation.

If it was worthless, could she still hold on to this emergency space beacon? If she activated it carelessly and exposed herself before the cooperation was achieved, it would be a huge loss!

“Alright, I hope that our cooperation will be pleasant!” Yanzi extended her slender hand. It seemed that the Spiritual Race had the habit of shaking hands.

Xu Tui subconsciously extended his hand. However, Yanzi glared at Xu Tui and avoided him.

An Xiaoxue, who was at the side, gently extended her hand. “I hope that we can work together happily in the future.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui and the others brought along the spoils of war from the quasi-planetary and Transmutation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race they had killed previously. The group happily turned around in the direction of the Heavenlv Fiend Hall.

From this moment on, this Planet Spirit would temporarily belong to their pioneer raiders.

Yes, for the time being!

Although it was temporary, it was filled with hope.

Anything is possible in the future!