Chapter 1085 The Scene Of A Large-Scale Social

Chapter 1085  The Scene of a Large-scale Social

Death

The problem that Xu Tui was facing at this moment was exactly the same as the problem that the Mechanical Spirit Race had faced previously.

1

He could not do anything to Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others.

Attack?

Even Yin Yuan and Yin Cun, the two quasi-planets, had been killed. Without a doubt, Yanzi, Lang Ju, and Lang Biao, the three Transmutation Realm experts, could be easily killed.

Xu Tui had nothing to be afraid of Yanzi who had the Heavenly Fire Talisman that could kill a Planetary realm powerhouse.

He had many ways to kill Yanzi and the others from afar.

The simplest way was to stuff a three-phase thermal bomb into such a directed and confined space to destroy everything.

However, the problem was that the emergency space beacon in Yanzi's hand could be activated in an instant.

As soon as this thing was activated, Lei Tian, the Spiritual Race's forward operating base, would be able to confirm Yanzi's location. No matter what the reason was, there would definitely be experts coming over from the forward operating base.

At that time, Xu Tui and his pioneer raiders would be exposed.

If it was a Planetary realm powerhouse like Lei Hong, who was extremely fast and powerful, they would only need one person to use their tactics well to destroy Xu Tui and the others.

Now, Xu Tui had racked his brains to come up with various offensive plans. He could not be sure if he could stop Yanzi from triggering the emergency space beacon in her hand.

As for capturing them, forget about it.

Yanzi, who had the Heavenly Fire Talisman in her hand, was not someone Xu Tui could capture at his current stage.

Without considering the fact that they had the emergency space beacon, it was still possible to kill them by force. But capturing them was impossible. He could not kill them, could not capture them, and could not leave them alone. This matter was a little tricky.

It would be a disaster if he did not care about the three Transmutation Realm experts strolling around the Planet Spirit. One of them even had the strength close to a quasi-planet.

If he sent someone to keep an eye on them, it would be bad if there were too few people. He could not send people who are too weak.

He had to leave at least one quasi-planet and two Transmutation Realm experts behind. He would only be at ease if he had four to eight Evolution Realm experts keeping an eye on them too.

However, the problem was that this way, half of the strength of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders would be restrained here and they would not be strong.

There was another most important problem. Yanzi could actually threaten Xu Tui.

As long as she activated the emergency space beacon in her hand, it would be a disaster for the Worldly Pioneer Raiders.

However, Yanzi's thoughts were temporarily threatening to detonate the emergency space beacon, preventing Xu Tui from attacking or hurting them.

She did not expect to use this move to threaten Xu Tui and the others.

Xu Tui would have a headache once she figured it out.

For a moment, Xu Tui could not make up his mind. He immediately held a core meeting.

Xu Tui's so-called core was Bu Qingqiu, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and Yan Lie.

He had no choice. Xu Tui was a little narrow minded. He preferred to believe in his own understanding.

For example, he had a lot of unhappiness with Mr. Wen Shao when he was at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. However, he was still one of them.

On a larger scale, siblings quarreled or even fought in a family. Sometimes, it would happen, but when it was far away, they would still be brothers.

Huaxia people were family. @@novelbin@@

As for Gaman, even though he was the vice-captain, he had been sent over by Xu Tui to be on guard.

"That's the current situation. We can't do anything to Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others for the time being, but it's not appropriate to split our forces and guard here. Do you have any good ideas?"

Xu Tui used the simplest language to describe the current problem. He placed the difficult problem on everyone.

They would face difficulties together! They could not kill, release, or capture. It was really difficult to ignore the fact that they could not.

"Is there a possibility of cooperation?" Bu Qingqiu suddenly asked.

Xu Tui suddenly glanced at Bu Qingqiu when he heard that. His gaze swept past Bu Qingqiu's ordinary chest. He was a little surprised.

Erera had exchanged her chest for her brain. It looked like Mr. Bu Qingqiu had exchanged her brain for her chest. This suggestion was too constructive. However, when she sacrificed her chest to the As expected of an expert who sacrificed her chest to the heavens.

As expected, after Bu Qingqiu threw out this direction, it heavens for her brain, the extent of the sacrifice was a little tragic. He wondered how much of her brain had been obtained.

Bu Qingqiu seemed to have noticed Xu Tui's gaze. She glared at Xu Tui. What are you looking at? If you continue to look, I'll dig out your eyes!

Xu Tui expressed his innocence. There was really nothing much to see. He was using this opportunity to express his admiration for Miss Bu.

Actually, Xu Tui had thought of working with the Spiritual Race's Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others. However, this decision was of utmost importance.

Although Xu Tui could make the decision, he had to obtain the support of his teammates.

Xu Tui had been discussing it for a few minutes before such a direction appeared. He did not expect Miss Bu to point out the direction for everyone.

As expected of an expert who sacrificed her chest to the heavens.

As expected, after Bu Qingqiu threw out this direction, it immediately attracted a heated discussion.

"Based on the current information, Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others are the enemies of Lei Tian and the others. The enemies of our enemies are our friends. Cooperation should be possible. However, you have to grasp the extent of the cooperation," An Xiaoxue said.

"I think this might be our chance. If we cooperate with them and design and prepare well during the cooperation, we might be able to unintentionally get out or obtain some extremely important information.

"For example, the basic situation of the Spiritual Race.

"For example, the Spiritual Race's current overall strength.

"Or the specific location of the Spiritual Race's forward operating base."

When Wen Shao reached the last point, Xu Tui looked at Wen Shao in surprise. Mr. Wen Shao was good at internal strife and external strife. He had potential. He saw through the key information at a glance.

It would be too meaningful if he could obtain the specific location of the Spiritual Race's forward operating base.

"I think what you said makes sense. If we can cooperate, then let's cooperate. Just be careful." Qu Qingshan smiled innocently.

This smile made Xu Tui's hair stand on end. Old Qu was hiding his strength.

What kind of master was Old Qu in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College?

That was someone who hung out with Luo Shifeng all the time at the nightclub. At that time, he was known to be having wedding nights every month. He passed through thousands of flowers without a single leaf touching him.

In the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, he was a good teacher who was loyal to his job and focused on developing the School of General Senses.

At this point, he actually agreed to everything that everyone had agreed on.

He was going to cause trouble.

Or was it because Bu Qingqiu was here?

"Just make the decision, Commander. I'll listen to you." Yan Lie's attitude was also very clear.

"Then there are no objections to a limited cooperation with them, right?" Xu Tui concluded.

They naturally had no objections, but how to negotiate was a problem.

"Yanzi, Lang Ju, we know very well that you were saved by Lang Fanyun from the forward operating base's prison. I think that we have a basis for cooperation. Lei Tian from the forward operating base is our common enemy." Xu Tui could only go straight to the point.

"You liar, you want to talk about cooperation with me? No way!" Yanzi's attitude was very determined.

Xu Tui was speechless.

Xu Tui wanted to say, what did he lie to her about?

He did not lie about anything.

"Yanzi, don't be willful. Cooperation will benefit both sides! If you are unwilling to talk about cooperation, then both of us will waste our time here. I don't believe that the water and food you brought can last forever," Xu Tui advised.

"It's none of your business. Anyway, it's enough! I can't believe you. I won't talk to you!" Yanzi was still persistent.

Xu Tui, who had been trying his best to persuade him for a long time, was also furious. "Don't be tactless. Do you believe that I'll use my mental perception to keep an eye on you 24 hours a day? If you have the guts, go to the toilet or pee your pants!"

Yanzi glared at him when she heard about peeing her pants. She instantly exploded.

Xu Tui had also given her the experience of peeing her pants last time. It would have been fine if he did not mention it. An indescribable sense of shame welled up in Yanzi's heart when he did. She was so angry that she wanted to kill Xu Tui.

When the conditions and strength did not allow it, Yanzi even pinched the Heavenly Fire Talisman in her hand.

Lang Ju, who was at the side, quickly consoled her.

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt that there was something wrong. He turned around and saw Bu Qingqiu, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and Wen Shao all staring at Xu Tui. Their gazes were strange, making Xu Tui's hair stand.

"Miss Bu, Mr. Wen, why are you looking at me like that?" Xu Tui had a bad feeling.

Bu Qingqiu did not say anything when she heard that. However, Wen Shao chuckled. "Xu Tui, I didn't expect you to have such a unique hobby. You used your mental perception to peek at girls… My impression of your character…"

Xu Tui's face turned pale.

A large-scale social death scene!

Xu Tui was about to break down.

"I didn't! I was just using this to threaten Yanzi in a moment of desperation," Xu Tui quickly explained to An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue did not say anything. She only nodded slightly.

However, Qu Qingshan and Wen Shao's gazes became even stranger. Wen Shao chuckled as if he really did that. However, Qu Qingshan said, "It's fine, Xu Tui. Everyone has a strange hobby. Although your hobby is a little despicable, it's understandable. However, my suggestion is that you can try to peep when you have a girlfriend in the future. Don't use it on other girls."

What a useless teammate!

Xu Tui wanted to grow hair for Qu Qingshan's bald head.

What a f*cking scam.

An Xiaoxue's expression changed when she heard that he was trying to peek at his girlfriend.

Xu Tui looked at Bu Qingqiu helplessly. He hoped that Miss Bu Qingqiu could help him out. However, Bu Qingqiu's words made him despair.

"In the future, as long as I detect your mind power within a three-meter radius of my room, I'll hang you up and whip you a hundred times! If you're not afraid, feel free to come," Bu Qingqiu said.

Xu Tui was speechless.

Social death!

Xu Tui had died.

Xu Tui had forgotten that he had included everyone in his mental communication with Yanzi just now. It was equivalent to establishing an exchange group.

Yanzi had clearly seen this scene.

Suddenly, Yanzi spoke. "We can talk about cooperation, but I want to talk to this beautiful lady. I don't think this beautiful lady will lie to me."

Yanzi was talking about An Xiaoxue.

"Sure." An Xiaoxue agreed readily.

Xu Tui cursed Yanzi in his heart. Didn't he know that the more beautiful a woman was, the more she would lie? Similarly, the more handsome a man was, the more good at lying he was. The more good at lying, the more handsome he was!

For example… Xu Tui.

"Sister Xiaoxue, we have to confirm one thing first. How should we cooperate? Would it be a long-term cooperation, or a short-term cooperation? What is your willingness to cooperate leaning toward?"

Xu Tui was a little confused when Yanzi and An Xiaoxue started communicating. How was she a f*cking silly girl? She was very shrewd. At the very least, she had a sweet tongue when she was facing An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue was usually a little aloof, but she was actually the kind of person who was not good at communicating with others. Once someone was more enthusiastic about her, she would not be too wary.

She looked cold on the outside but was warm on the inside!

Xu Tui was a little worried. Would An Xiaoxue be captured by Yanzi?

Of course, not now.

It was impossible in a short period of time. If they worked together for a longer time, this would…

"Whether it's long-term cooperation or short-term cooperation, it's fine for us! However, no matter which kind of cooperation it is, as the weaker party, you have to display your value to us! Only then will we have a basis for cooperation." An Xiaoxue's attitude was very determined.

Yanzi considered.

Value? What kind of value did they have?