Chapter 1089 - Chapter 1089: Space Rescue And New Opportunities

Chapter 1089: Space Rescue and New Opportunities

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Although the humans of the Blue Star had just stepped into space, they had a rule ever since they stepped into space.

All communication towers and communication satellites had to activate a basic public communication frequency.

This basic public communication channel was to make it easier for those who were in distress or lost in space to contact the relevant signals.

This was the first lesson that all communication techies learned when they entered the school.

Therefore, the temporary communication tower that had just been built in the first main base of the Planet Spirit Planet’s Worldly Pioneer Raiders also activated this basic public communication frequency.

This was also the reason why Ah Huang could find it.

However, there was one thing that was also very important.

That was, Ah Huang should not be far from Xu Tui and the others. Otherwise, with the signal power of the temporary communication tower, Ah Huang would not be able to find it no matter how powerful its onboard radar was.

After confirming that it was Xu Tui, Ah Huang quickly sent his current situation to Xu Tui through text messages.

Just as Xu Tui had speculated, Ah Huang was indeed constantly confirming Xu Tui’s direction through the guidance of Tri Ling Ding. There was no major trouble along the way.

When Xu Tui and the others passed through the time node of the strong magnetic field of Planet Spirit, Tri Ling Ding’s perception of the colonies on Xu Tui’s body weakened. It made Ah Huang nervous for a long time.

However, the problem was that when Ah Huang’s fleet passed through the strong magnetic field, all the instruments in the fleet were affected by the strong magnetic field.

The navigation system had failed. Some of the instruments had failed.

If it was an autopilot or a Blue Star Human driving, they would probably be completely dumbfounded.

Without the help of various electronic devices, he might not even be able to control the direction in the universe.

If he lost control, he could only be crashed or captured. However, Ah Huang directly used manual operation mode to fire a strong magnetic bullet in the direction of Spirit I, which was the source of the strong magnetic field.

Taking advantage of the moment of collision, Ah Huang activated its smart program. The four Aerospace Combat Jets and a supply ship all entered manual control mode and manual mapping mode.

In short, Ah Huang split itself into five and prepared to quickly escape the range of the strong magnetic field and meet up with Xu Tui.

According to Tri Ling Ding’s senses, he was not far from Xu Tui.

However, the guards on Spirit I had no intention of letting this fleet off.

They directly sent a fleet to pursue Ah Huang’s fleet.

Due to the fact that the other party had sent out a fleet, the strong magnetic field had weakened, and Ah Huang’s control over the fleet had increased. In the subsequent pursuit, Ah Huang displayed its might.

Four Aerospace Combat Jets had killed seven of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Disc Combat Jet.

It had to be known that in terms of fighter jet technology, be it in terms of speed, energy, or other comprehensive abilities, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Disc Combat Het was superior to the Aerospace Combat Jet. They were at least half a generation ahead.

In other words, Ah Huang purely relied on its operations.

“How is it? Is my positioning impressive enough?”

During the exchange, Ah Huang was still very pleased with itself. However, once Xu Tui thought about how this sentence was said by a 1.5-meter-tall advanced artificial intelligence, the scene became a little strange.

“What’s your difficulty now?”

“The Mechanical Spirit Race cheated! Their battleship formation could not do anything to me. In a roundabout manner, four Transmutation Realm experts suddenly charged out and forced me back to Spirit I. Currently, I could only use speed and operations to avoid their attacks.

“However, the commander of the Mechanical Spirit Race was not stupid. I’ve already begun to set up a new fighter jet defense line. Without additional strength, I won’t be able to break through the blockade,” Ah Huang said.

“You didn’t consider using a three-phase thermal bomb?” Xu Tui asked.

“Due to the strong magnetic field, many systems have malfunctioned. It will only be a waste to launch them.”

“How much longer can you last?”

“If the commander of the Mechanical Spirit Race has always been at his current level, I can still last one to two hours. Or we can abandon some of the fighter jets to obtain an opportunity for the supply ship to escape,” Ah Huang said.

“You must not abandon the jets unless you have no choice,” Xu Tui ordered. These were the only four of their Aerospace Combat Jets. If a few more were destroyed, then..

“Lavis, how many can you bring to escape velocity and leave Planet Spirit?”

“My dear Xu, I can only bring one person at most. It has to be an expert like you. I can’t bring Evolvers.”

“Understood.”

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui gave the order.

“Miss Bu, from this moment on, you will guard Planet Spirit. If there are any abnormal movements from the Spirit Queen, immediately use the control box. From this moment on, the command of the pioneer raiders will temporarily be handed over to An Xiaoxue. An Xiaoxue will be in charge of all emergency problems.”

Time was of the essence. After giving his instructions, Lavis instantly carried Xu Tui and soared into the sky.

Since Lavis could only bring one person, he could only bring Xu Tui along.

On Planet Spirit, there had to be a quasi-planet to restrain the Spirit Queen. Otherwise, the Spirit Queen could besiege and capture the members of the pioneer raiders to exchange for freedom.

Xu Tui would be too naive if he believed the Spirit Queen’s previous promise.

On Satelite Spirit, the commander of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin Wushu, looked at the five red dots on the combat map. His huge energy eyes kept flickering. He was abnormally angry.

“This is the first time I’ve encountered such a cunning opponent.”

“Commander, should we ask the elders for help?”

The adjutant at the side had just opened his mouth when he was kicked to the ground by Yin Wushu. “Ask for help? You only know how to ask for help. If I asked for help again, I would be sent to the melting furnace by the elders on the grounds of incompetence. Are you that anxious to get promoted?”

The adjutant was stunned and did not dare to say anything for a long time.

“I have to take it down as soon as possible. Otherwise, the elders will really make an example out of me. No, they’re venting their anger on me.”

Yin Wushu was the Mechanical Spirit that knew the situation on Planet Spirit the best. However, the problem was that he might be the most responsible person.

This was because Spirit I, as well as the Spirit Il and Spirit Ill that he controlled, were all the space defense of Planet Spirit.

Although he had given a warning previously, Planet Spirit might be captured. This was his greatest reason.

According to the thoughts of the elders, he could completely discover the enemy and immediately intercept them, contact Elder Yin Si of Planet Spirit to surround and annihilate them in space.

The combat ability of those below the quasi-planetary realm in space was greatly reduced.

This was an important reason why Yin Wushu was anxious.

The reason why he had not been dealt with yet was that the elders who were dealing with the problem of Planet Spirit had not arrived. Once they arrived, they would definitely deal with him. However, if he could not even handle the fleet in front of him well, he might really be rebuilt.

That was a result that he was definitely unwilling to see.

“The other party’s operation of the fighter jet can be said to be superb.

However, so far, we have not discovered any elites from the enemy attacking.

In that case, we can only rely on our individual strength.”

Suddenly, Yin Wushu, who had made a decision, kicked his adjutant to the side. “Remove yourself immediately.”

Under the adjutant’s stunned gaze, Yin Wushu immediately promoted another trusted aide to be the adjutant, but he only gave him a portion of the rights.

Yin Wushu was afraid that after he left the command center, the adjutant would contact the elders for help. That would be equivalent to selling him out.

There was a high chance that he would have to return to the furnace to be rebuilt.

A few minutes later, Yin Wushu personally piloted a Disc combat jet and soared into the sky to participate in the battle against Ah Huang.

Yin Wushu had powerful combat abilities to be appointed as the commander of the Planet Spirit’s Space Defense.

Under his command, the 12 fighter jets circled around and forced Ah Huang’s fleet to a corner. A few minutes later, the three Transmutation Realm experts who had been lying in ambush fired at the same time.

An Aerospace Combat Jet crashed on the spot. At the same time, Ah Huang’s fleet was immediately surrounded.

Ah Huang had no choice but to use the Gecko Tail Break Technique. One of the

Aerospace Combat Jet continuously fired three-phase thermal bombs, forming a barrage.

This was the most luxurious barrage.

The shockwave of the three-phase thermal bomb blocked the firepower of the Mechanical Spirit Race and the pursuers.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Ah Huang could only control the supply ship and the other two Aerospace Combat Jets to quickly leave Spirit I, wanting to escape into space. Unfortunately, even the barrage of three-phase thermal bombs only blocked the pursuers of the Mechanical Spirit Race for less than a minute.

A minute later, Yin Wushu roared, “Chase after them! Chase after them with all your might. If we let them go, I can guarantee that I’ll refine you before I’m put back into the furnace!”

The four Transmutation Realm experts chased after him crazily. They did not dare to doubt the commander’s words. Within the Mechanical Spirit Race, as long as it was a subordinate relationship, there was no blood relationship. There was only obedience and no kinship.

Yin Wushu could definitely say that.

At this moment, a blue light suddenly enlarged on Spirit I.

Yin Wushu immediately received a warning from the command center.

“Commander, we have discovered a quasi-planetary realm energy fluctuation.

Please be on high alert!” @@novelbin@@

This news stunned Yin Wushu.

Quasi-planetary!

A quasi-planetary expert had arrived! However, in just an instant, Yin Wushu gritted his teeth and gave the order. “It’s just a quasi-planet. The five of us are at the Transmutation Realm. Kill them.’

This combat strength comparison was completely possible.

Usually, three Transmutation Realm experts could deal with one quasi-planet. However, for the sake of caution, Yin Wushu still made preparations.

The 12 disc-shaped fighter jets continued to bite at Ah Huang’s fleet. The five Transmutation Realm experts took the initiative to surround the approaching Lavis. Ah Huang’s situation was also extremely dangerous at this moment.

There was only one supply ship and two Aerospace Combat Jets left. The difference in combat strength was too great. If the Aerospace Combat Jet was destroyed or if the supply ship was destroyed, it would be destructive for Xu Tui.

That meant that the only space mobile tool of the pioneer raiders would be destroyed.

What it brought Xu Tui and the others was despair.

“Lavis, go and rescue the fleet. You must protect the remaining two Aerospace Combat Jets and the supply ship. If one of them is damaged, I’ll hold you responsible.”

With Xu Tui’s strength, he could face the fighter jet head-on, but he could not chase after the fighter jet. Therefore, he could only rely on Lavis.

Lavis was stunned when he heard that. “My dear Xu, there are five

Transmutation Realm experts on the other side! If the five Transmutation Realm experts have good tactics, they might even be able to stop two quasi-planetary experts.”

“Leave it to me. Save Ah Huang’s fleet first.”

“Alright, but be careful, dear Xu.” As he spoke, Lavis put Xu Tui down. He instantly turned into a blue light and charged toward the Mechanical Spirit

Race’s fleet. He turned around as he charged. “Praise the Goddess of Liberty. There’s another chance! I hope that my dear Xu will die in battle this time!

“Yes, die in battle! Five against one was definitely possible. I wish you… bad luck, my dear Xu!” While he was thinking happily, Lavis did not slow down in his pursuit of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s fighter jet.

He was very professional in this aspect.

Of course, it was also because of the caution in his bones. What if his dear Xu did not die in battle?

After thinking about it, Lavis added in his heart, “Oh, that’s impossible!”

At the same time, Yin Wushu was stunned when he saw the quasi-planetary realm powerhouse turn around to chase after the opportunity, but he left a very weak Transmutation Realm cultivator opposite them.

In the next moment, Yin Wushu gave the order, “Yin Sili, go and destroy this

Transmutation Realm. The rest of you, follow me!”

It was obvious that Yin Wushu did not take Xu Tui, who was at the Transmutation Realm, seriously..