Chapter 1082 - Chapter 1082: I Have To Punish You Now (1)

Chapter 1082: I Have to Punish You Now (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Why did Yanzi think that Xu Tui had lied to her again?

Not only did Xu Tui attacked before the things she requested were delivered or displayed, more importantly, Yanzi finally realized that Xu Tui had not planned to cooperate with her from the beginning.

Xu Tui had only negotiated a cooperation with her to stop her from siding with Yin Yuan and Yin Cun of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Xu Tui had been lying to her from the beginning.

Thinking back to the past, Yanzi felt that the worst words to describe a person in this world could not describe Xu Tui.

It was simply a series of lies!

To be honest, in Xu Tui’s opinion, it was enough as long as Yanzi did not cooperate with the Mechanical Spirit Race.

It was enough as long as she delayed them with words.

There were a total of three quasi-planetary experts on their side, including the Spirit Queen. Why should they cooperate with Yanzi?

Wouldn’t he be a fool if they really cooperated?

A little certainty was enough.

The moment the Spirit Queen, Bu Qingqiu, and Lavis attacked Yin Yuan at the same time, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and the others took the initiative to attack the Little Fiendcelestials.

It was also the Mechanical Spirits at the Transmutation Realm. There were only ten of them. At the same level, the individual strength of the Mechanical Spirit Race was not much.

Almost at the same time, Yin Cun, who was in the volcanic eruption tunnel, became anxious. He instantly soared into the sky and was about to face the enemy with Yin Yuan. The moment he soared into the sky, he even shouted at Yanzi, “Lord Yanzi, there’s not much time left for you to consider.”

However, in the next moment, Yin Cun’s expression changed drastically. A powerful energy fluctuation appeared above his head. There was something above his head!

It was Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula.

Yin Cun’s shoulders suddenly stood upright, turning into two energy jet towers that pierced straight up. The Mountain Formula was shattered. However,

Mountain Formula after Mountain Formula continuously appeared above Yin Cun’s head, slowing down his speed of leaving the volcanic jet tunnel.

Yin Cun became anxious and charged out of the tunnel faster.

As long as he was united with the Yin Yuan, they could advance and retreat.

However, once they were separated, the outcome would be… @@novelbin@@

Silver light instantly tore through the air. At the same time, the flying sword slashed at Yin Cun.

Yin Cun’s body froze slightly. In just one strike, he had slashed Xu Tui’s flying sword into the mountain wall.

“Multi-Dimensional Sword, go!”

An earth-element Origin Crystal that was about a gram suddenly blasted towards Yin Cun under the cover of layers of mind power.

Yin Cun’s left arm turned into a huge shield and smashed out. He was about to rush out of the volcanic eruption tunnel.

Then the Multi-Dimensional Sword exploded.

The Ice Sword, the sword of mind power, did not cause much damage to Yin

Cun.

However, the last earth-element instantiation sword smashed onto the head of Yin Cun with a small mountain. The moment it smashed down, the gram of earth-element Origin Crystal energy was detonated. The power of the Mountain Formula conjured by the earth-element instantiation sword increased explosively again.

Boom!

Yin Cun, who had just rushed out of the volcanic jet tunnel, was once again smashed back into the volcanic jet tunnel by the earth-element instantiation sword.

Yin Cun charged again.

No matter how the Multi-Dimensional Sword attacked, it was still mainly earth-element. He was sent flying again.

Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others were also making their final choice.

“Which side should we stand on?” Lang Ju became anxious.

Even though she was angry, Yanzi was still very smart. Yanzi, who also had mental perception, basically understood the situation outside.

She also understood the fundamental reason why Xu Tui had lied to her previously. It was just to reduce the trouble and prevent her from standing on the side of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

“It’s useless to stand on either side.” Yanzi gave Lang Ju an answer. Lang Ju was confused and did not understand.

Yanzi had no choice but to explain a little more.

If Lang Ju had half of Lord Lang Fanyun’s intelligence, he would not have been silently captured by Lei Tian and brought to the prison. He had eliminated all his trusted aides and even searched for all his items.

In the volcanic tunnel, Yin Cun became anxious when he was blasted back into the volcanic tunnel for the third time.

It changed its form without regard for anything else. Its entire upper body turned into a high-speed rotating saw wheel. With energy, sparks flew like lightning as it cut at high speed.

Xu Tui’s Multi-Dimensional Sword had just erupted when it was cut apart by

Yin Cun.

This was one of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s ultimate moves. However, its disadvantage was that it would lose its long-range attacks for a short period of time. It would take one to two seconds for it to recover.

A second or two was enough for an expert to exchange blows.

Xu Tui also roared when he saw Yin Cun fly out of the volcanic tunnel. “Quick!”

At the same time, Xu Tui soared into the sky on his sword. He waved his hands repeatedly. The Earth Spike, the Mountain Formula, and the

Multi-Dimensional Sword continuously blasted toward Yin Cun, restraining him so that he could not save Yin Yuan.

After a second and a half, Yin Cun, who had escaped, helplessly returned to his human form. His body was already covered in wounds.

It was just that the difference in strength between him and Xu Tui was huge. If Xu Tui had reached the half-step quasi-planetary realm, he would have been finished.

Yin Cun, who had changed back to his long-range form, shot Xu Tui at high speed with his arms like a machine gun. They weaved into an extremely dense net of fire in the air.

At the same time, Lavis exploded and blasted Yin Yuan to the ground.

countless water tentacles Instantly rose trom tne ground and nrnuy controlled Yin Yuan. The Spirit Queen instantly pounced down. The four pairs of tentacles were like drills that were spinning at high speed and blasted into Yin Yuan’s body, directly dissipating Yin Yuan’s energy core.

Not only that, after killing Yin Yuan, the Spirit Queen seemed to be venting her anger. Her huge six limbs smashed fiercely into Yin Yuan’s body, directly turning him into a pile of scrap metal..