Chapter 1081 - Chapter 1081: Deceived Again (2)

Chapter 1081: Deceived Again (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Then, Yin Cun’s voice stunned Xu Tui.

Yanzi! @@novelbin@@

The people trapped inside were actually Yanzi and Lang Ju!

Trapped inside were Yanzi and Lang Ju, who had escaped from the forward operating base.

This matter was a little magical.

A year ago, Xu Tui had even fought with Yanzi. At that time, Xu Tui’s “quick treatment” had caused Yanzi to lose her ability to fight. That indescribable scream still rang in his ears.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry. He had to understand the situation first before discussing anything else.

“Lord Yanzi, Lord Lang Ju, the Blue Star Humans have already charged in. Let’s work together. We’ll kill the enemy together and provide you with an aircraft to

let you leave. How about that?”

“As you know, this Planet Spirit is a private job of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

From this point of view, we are also enemies with the forward operating base. You are also the enemy of the forward operating base. We have room for cooperation now.”

“Let’s cooperate! Lord Yanzi, take your Heavenly Fire Talisman and hand over your distress beacon. We’ll cooperate. How about that?” Yin Cun’s tone was already pleading.

They were isolated and helpless. There were enemies behind them and great enemies outside. Yin Cun and Yin Yuan did not have much of a way out. They could only risk everything.

After listening for a few minutes, Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. He used his consciousness to send a voice transmission. “Yanzi?”

The voice that suddenly appeared in her mind made Yanzi tremble. It was a little familiar, but she could not remember who it was.

“I am… Xu Tui from the Blue Star.”

In an instant, Yanzi, who was communicating with Yin Cun, widened her eyes. Her eyes were about to spit fire. She hated Xu Tui to the core when she fled back to the forward operating base a year ago.

But in her current situation, the hatred had faded a lot. However, Yanzi was extremely smart. She immediately thought of the so-called Blue Star invaders that Yin Cun mentioned. They were Xu Tui and the others.

Seeing Yanzi’s expression, Yin Cun quickly persuaded her again.

Surprisingly, Yanzi could also communicate with her consciousness. After a

short exchange with Yanzi and Xu Tui’s own imagination, he finally understood the situation.

Yanzi, Lang Ju, and the others must have been captured by the gravitational field of Planet Spirit when they were being chased and fled. In the end, they landed on Planet Spirit.

It immediately attracted the pursuit of Yin Si, Yin Yuan, and Yin Cun.

It could be imagined that Yin Si and the others were about to go crazy when they discovered Yanzi and the others.

Planet Spirit was a private item for the Mechanical Spirit Race to accumulate power. The Spiritual Race must not know about it!

If the Spiritual Race found out, a few elders would definitely die, even so, this matter would not be over.

Moreover, once the Planet Spirit was exposed, the Spiritual Race’s control over the Mechanical Spirit Race would increase exponentially. At that time, the status of the Mechanical Spirit Race would probably be slightly better than that of the breeding race.

Therefore, Yin Si and the others chased after Yanzi and the others with all their might.

After Yanzi was defeated and treated by Xu Tui last year, she had been working hard to cultivate this year. Half a year ago, her cultivation had successfully broken through to the Transmutation Realm.

Even so, she was only at the Transmutation Realm. Lang Ju and Lang Biao were not a match for Yin Si and the others.

Soon, they had nowhere to hide.

Fortunately, they came from extraordinary backgrounds and had life-saving treasures. They made a mess along the way and finally escaped into the volcano-gushing tunnel.

Although it was an extinct volcano, there was still magma below. The fire-element power here was extremely active.

Yanzi had a Heavenly Fire Talisman that her grandfather had given her.

Yanzi’s grandfather was a Sanctuary’s elder of the Spiritual Race. His cultivation level was extremely high. The Heavenly Fire Talisman he made could already kill ordinary planetary realm experts.

In an environment like a volcano, the power of the Heavenly Fire Talisman would be greatly enhanced. Once it was detonated, even a planetary realm powerhouse like Yin Si would be killed.

It was a little like Xu Tui’s style of scaring people with a three-phase thermal bomb.

Therefore, Yin Si, Yin Yuan, and Yin Cun did not dare to attack forcefully.

Originally, Yin Si, Yin Yuan, and Yin Cun could have had another choice. They could have destroyed this volcano from the outside and buried Yanzi and Lang Ju, who were hiding inside, alive.

It would not be long before the three of them were blasted to death inside the mountain.

However, at this moment, Yanzi took out something else, the emergency space beacon. What was worse was that this emergency space beacon came from Lei Tian before she fell out with him. The signal was connected to the forward operating base of Planet Kono.

In other words, as long as Yanzi activated this emergency space beacon, the forward operating base would immediately lock onto the location.

Yanzi was now Lei Tian’s target. It was hard to say if he would kill her after he caught up, but as long as he discovered Yanzi’s whereabouts, he would definitely chase after her.

At that time, even if Yin Si and the others killed Yanzi, as long as Yanzi activated this emergency space beacon, the forward operating base would chase after them and discover Planet Spirit.

At that time, the Mechanical Spirit Race would be finished!

They dared to secretly accumulate power behind their master’s back, the Spiritual Race. This was clear evidence that they had ulterior motives.

One could imagine the outcome.

Under the double threat from Yanzi, Yin Si and the others could not attack forcefully, much less forcefully. They could only be in a stalemate.

Today, Xu Tui and the others had descended, so Yin Si left Yin Yuan and Yin Cun to confront Yanzi.

It could not be helped. Yanzi and Lang Ju had pinched their weakness.

Xu Tui let out a heartfelt sigh after he understood the situation.

The Mechanical Spirit Race was really a little difficult! His heart ached for them for half a second.

“Do you want to cooperate?” Xu Tui’s sudden suggestion stunned Yanzi. “How?”

“Help us stall Yin Cun. We’ll quickly kill Yin Yuan,” Xu Tui said.

“Then what benefits do we have?”

“What do you need?”

“Two aircrafts or a super-high-powered signal tower. I want to try to send a request for help to my race,” Yanzi said.

“Sure. I need some time to prepare.”

“I need you to show me these things before I cooperate with you,” Yanzi said.

“Sure, but use your words to restrain Yin Cun first so that he won’t be suspicious.”

“Okay!” As soon as Yanzi agreed, she immediately began to hold him back. “Alright, we can work together, but we have to negotiate the specific conditions now.”

Yin Cun was overjoyed and immediately started to talk to Yanzi in detail. He was naturally a little distracted.

Xu Tui, who had figured out the situation, immediately set up a battle plan through his consciousness.

“Spirit Queen, you should participate in the battle too. Your target is Yin Yuan. We have to kill Yin Yuan immediately,” Xu Tui instructed.

After hesitating for a moment, the Spirit Queen agreed.

Every member of the Mechanical Spirit Race deserved to die.

Thirty seconds later, when Yanzi was still negotiating terms with Yin Cun, Xu Tui gave the order. The three quasi-planetary experts instantly attacked Yin Yuan at the top of the mountain.

The moment they attacked, Yanzi was stunned. Xu Tui had not transported the

tmngs sne asKea ror.

Why did they start to attack?

Suddenly, Yanzi reacted and was so angry that she wanted to explode on the spot.

He lied to her again!

Xu Tui had lied to her again..