Chapter 1084 Respecting You And The Same Question

Chapter 1084  Respecting You and the Same Question

There was a certain pattern to technological equipment.

1

The Mechanical Spirit Race had also put in a lot of effort to control the Spirit Queen and the Ant Race.

According to the captive's instructions, the controller was divided into three levels.

The first level was Minor Punishment, the second level was Heavy Punishment, and the third level was Elimination!

With the captive's statement, this thing was still very useful. According to the captive, the controller's second level, Heavy Punishment, could severely injure the target's body five times in a row.

Xu Tui was using the Heavy Punishment. With every press, the Spirit Queen's wails became more intense. The ant-men and the one-eyed giant ants from all directions looked at the Spirit Queen in shock and horror.

Many of the one-eyed giant ants actually turned around and fled as if they had broken down.

On the other side, Lavis and Bu Qingqiu were fighting the remaining quasi-planetary experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race. The battle was intense.

Xu Tui scanned the area with his mental perception and realized that Lavis was a little distracted while in combat. His rhythm was clearly slower.

"Lavis, what are you doing?"

Xu Tui shouted in dissatisfaction. Lavis, who had come back to his senses, quickly replied, "My dear Xu, I was worried about your safety just now. I didn't expect this Spirit Queen to attack you! It has to be said that this one-eyed giant ant queen is too trashy. With her strength, she can't hurt you."

There was only one truth in these words.

The Spirit Queen of the One-eyed Giant Ant Clan was too trashy. She had failed to ambush Dear Xu under such circumstances! If it were him, he would definitely succeed!

Dear Xu had survived the crisis again. He was so disappointed.

This was Lavis's true mentality.

However, Xu Tui was alive and well. Lavis immediately began to exert his strength. In the distance, the siege of the ten Transmutation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race by the members of the Worldly Pioneer raiders had also come to an end.

It was basically a two-on-one situation.

On the other hand, powerful people like An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, Wen Shao, and Gaman had already dealt with their opponents.

Xu Tui did not attack again. Everyone needed to train and grow.

An Xiaoxue's attacks were even sharper. Up until now, three Mechanical Spirit Race Transmutation Realm experts had been killed by An Xiaoxue. He was really, really powerful. An Xiaoxue's Dimensional Explosion ability seemed to have improved again.

His mental perception swept through the interior of the volcanic tunnel. Yanzi, Lang Ju, and Lang Biao were still guarding there. There was no movement. @@novelbin@@

They were very smart.

Xu Tui was very satisfied. He could talk to them later. He might be able to get a few more captives.

Xu Tui liked female captives like Yanzi.

Don't misunderstand. It's not that.

Instead, it was easy to obtain key information from a female captive like Yanzi. She might be able to bring about a huge harvest.

Xu Tui planned to interrogate Yanzi personally.

As for captives like Lang Ju, the way they dealt with them was a little more impatient.

Qingqiu, turning into a pile of high-grade Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

It was a considerable gain.

Xu Tui used the Heavy Punishment four times in a row. The aura of the Spirit Queen was clearly a little weak. Every time the huge silver ring hidden in her body was activated, a powerful energy would erupt in the Spirit Queen's body and bombard it.

Xu Tui planned to study the Silver Ring Technique of the Mechanical Spirit Race if he had the chance.

A minute later, the panicking Yin Cun was killed by Lavis and Bu Qingqiu, turning into a pile of high-grade Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

It was a considerable gain.

As Xu Tui stopped continuing his Heavy Punishment, the Spirit Queen gradually heaved a sigh of relief. She knelt on the ground and looked at Xu Tui with hatred and fear.

"Spirit Queen, I don't understand. Why did you ambush me instead of continuing our cooperation?" Xu Tui was speechless. "Look, under such circumstances, my trust in you has completely disappeared. I no longer have a basis for cooperation.

"It looks like I can only use this method to control you in the future," Xu Tui said helplessly.

The Spirit Queen was stunned when she heard that. She suddenly reacted and roared angrily at Xu Tui, "You bastard, you're no different from the Fiend Clan. You still want to control and enslave us. You are also from the Fiend Clan. I trusted you easily!"

"You're wrong. If you hadn't had any ill intentions and ambushed me halfway, we wouldn't have ended up like this."

The Spirit Queen fell silent. Would it be as Xu Tui had said?

The Spirit Queen could not make a judgment, but Xu Tui knew the answer. The outcome would not change.

Xu Tui and the others had been invaders ever since they descended.

Peace between interstellar species had always relied on strength. Without strength, there would be no peace.

Xu Tui had already obtained the controller from the beginning. Even if the Spirit Queen really completed all the agreements obediently, Xu Tui would still indirectly control the Spirit Queen and the ant-men until they completely left the Planet Spirit.

Of course, Xu Tui might give them better treatment than the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Xu Tui had several contingency plans the moment he came into contact with the Spirit Queen.

The Spirit Queen would wait for an opportunity to ambush Xu Tui. This was also one of Xu Tui's predictions. Therefore, Xu Tui was not surprised when he was ambushed by the Spirit Queen.

To be honest, Xu Tui was not the best at playing mind games among the Blue Star humans. However, an aboriginal creature who did not even have its own culture was courting death if it wanted to play mind games with Xu Tui.

The outcome was now!

"Can you give us another chance? I'll try my best to cooperate with you and help you complete whatever you want. However, can you hand this controller over to us when you leave?" The Spirit Queen was making her last effort!

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that.

The will of the Spirit Queen was much weaker than Xu Tui had imagined. He still had to thank the Mechanical Spirit Race. The decades of enslavement had already worn away the will of the Spirit Queen.

"Sure. I'll return this controller to you before I completely leave this planet and return to my hometown.

"However, I have to increase my conditions," Xu Tui said.

"Tell me." The Spirit Queen raised her head and looked at Xu Tui. She had been enslaved by the Mechanical Spirit Race for more than 80 years. She had already accepted her fate and remembered a principle.

Those who were inferior to them would be beaten up. If she was controlled, she had to stand at attention and listen to instructions for the future. Fortunately, the Blue Star humans seemed to be easier to talk to. It was more cost-effective to be able to get the controller back after serving them for a period of time.

However, there was still a cognitive mistake.

The Spirit Queen had always thought that Xu Tui and the others had accidentally entered this planet. Xu Tui and the others wanted to return to their hometown in the shortest time possible.

All living beings yearned to return to their hometown. She did not expect that Xu Tui and the others would not be able to return for the time being. As for when he would completely leave this planet, it was completely up to Xu Tui.

"What I don't want is for you and your species to cooperate with me as much as possible. What I want is for you to completely obey my orders!

"Of course, when I was on this planet, I would treat you much better than the Mechanical Spirit Race. You can develop freely, but you have to complete the mission I gave you. Otherwise, you will be subject to military law," Xu Tui said.

The Spirit Queen knew what 'military law' meant. After considering it for a few seconds, she nodded. She had no choice. Xu Tui's agreement was actually the greatest tolerance a winner had for a loser.

"Commander Xu Tui, I'm a little worried. Can you keep your promise?" The Spirit Queen finally voiced her worries.

"You can only choose to believe me," Xu Tui said coldly.

"However, I hope that you can give me a guarantee! This way, we will do our best for you from the bottom of our hearts. We also have hope!" The Spirit Queen said sincerely.

"Then what do you want?" Xu Tui asked when he thought about it.

The Spirit Queen looked at the others, then at Xu Tui. She suddenly said, "You have a high position and are a leader. You must be very trustworthy. At the same time, your mind power is very powerful, so is mine. I hope you can swear in public that you will return the controller to us as long as you leave this planet!

"At the same time, I will use my mind power to sense your mind power fluctuations. I will be able to sense if you are faking it," the Spirit Queen said.

It was double insurance. This was what the Spirit Queen thought.

Xu Tui agreed after a second of consideration. This made the Spirit Queen overjoyed. She almost cried with joy.

There was hope!

The ant-men finally saw hope. There was hope of escaping enslavement. It had been more than 80 years.

In the volcanic tunnel, Yanzi, who was watching this scene with her mental perception, pursed her lips. "Another stupid bug! I can guarantee that Xu Tui would definitely be able to trick her to death. Xu Tui is definitely lying to her!"

At the side, Lang Ju was stunned. "Yanzi, how did you know?"

Yanzi was speechless. She really wondered if there was something wrong with Lang Ju's brain. She had been easily fooled by Xu Tui more than once. Could she say it? Not only did she want a figure and face, but she also wanted her dignity!

"I guarantee that as long as the Spirit Queen and the ant-men obey my orders and complete the various missions I give them, be loyal to me during this period, when I completely leave Planet Spirit, I will personally hand all the controllers over to the Spirit Queen." Xu Tui's oath was very formal. He even released his mind power fluctuations and allowed the Spirit Queen to sense him.

There was no hypocrisy at all!

The Spirit Queen was very gratified!

Hope, there was the hope of their ant-man race!

"Honorable Xu Tui, the Ant Commanders and Ant Generals under my command, including all the Ant Beasts, will respect you. Your will is our will. I hope that we can help you return to your hometown as soon as possible!" the Spirit Queen said.

"Another guy who was tricked silly…" In the volcanic tunnel, Yanzi curled her lips.

"I will definitely be able to return to my hometown in the near future," Xu Tui replied.

"Alright, Spirit Queen, I'll give you the first order now. Order all the Ant Generals under you to search for Planet Spirit in all aspects. If you discover any members of the Mechanical Spirit Race, kill them immediately. If you discover any quasi-planetary or planetary experts, inform us immediately!

"At the same time, transfer all the resources of the Mechanical Spirit Race in the various storage bases on Planet Spirit to the Fiend Hall. Oh, it should be the main base of Worldly." Xu Tui gave his first order.

"Worldly main base?" The Spirit Queen did not understand.

"It's the Heavenly Fiend Hall. From this moment on, it has changed its name."

"Understood."

In the tunnel where the volcano was gushing out, Yanzi suddenly frowned when she heard the word 'Worldly'. "This Xu Tui actually dares to use a title like Worldly. It's really… However, it's normal. It's normal for a low-level intelligent species not to know this honorific name…" Soon, Yanzi found a reason for herself.

A few minutes later, under the command of the Spirit Queen, the ant-men and ant-beasts gathered around the volcano left like a tide.

The members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders looked at Xu Tui with a dreamy gaze.

What kind of godly operation was this?

They were originally in a sorry state when they escaped to Planet Spirit, and they almost died. However, after today, Planet Spirit fell into the hands of the pioneer raiders. They even controlled and enslaved an aboriginal species.

If this was sent back to the Blue Star, it would definitely be a classic textbook-level battle example!

Xu Tui enjoyed these admiring gazes, especially An Xiaoxue's. He felt a little smug.

Xu Tui was very clear-headed. He had not dealt with Yanzi and Lang Ju.

However, Xu Tui immediately realized a problem. They seemed to be facing the same problem as the Mechanical Spirit Race.