Chapter 1080 - Chapter 1080: Deceived Again

Chapter 1080: Deceived Again

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After careful consideration, Xu Tui did not assign anyone to guard the hangar. Instead, everyone followed the Spirit Queen to the location of the two quasi-planetary experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The reason was simple.

Currently, their strength was not strong to begin with. If they joined forces, they could barely deal with a planetary expert and fight a few quasi-planetary experts.

However, once they were separated, one or two quasi-planets might cause them huge trouble.

Xu Tui could only smile at the aircraft in the hangar.

After they left with the Spirit Queen, a wave of ant beasts surged into the hangar without even leaving the base. They did not destroy it but filled every corner of the hangar, including the gaps in the aircraft’s engines.

Xu Tui, who had ultra-long-range mental perception, could see it clearly.

Clearly, the Spirit Queen felt that these aircrafts were extremely important to Xu Tui and the others. If she took advantage of the fact that Xu Tui and the others had left and occupied them, she might be able to bargain with Xu Tui and the others in the future. She might even be able to threaten them.

Xu Tui could only say that being uncultured was terrifying. Or rather, it was quite terrifying without technology.

The Spirit Queen probably thought that they could use the Mechanical Spirit Race’s aircraft after obtaining it. In reality, that was not the case. This was not a knife-like tool. Multi-factor authentication and authorization were needed to activate it.

Without authentication and authorization, they would not be able to activate these aircrafts. In other words, the aircraft that Xu Tui and the others had obtained in the hangar was actually a pile of scrap metal.

They might be able to barely activate it with a captive, but would Xu Tui and the others dare to use an aircraft activated by a captive?

Of course, there were exceptions.

If Ah Huang arrived, it could easily crack the security program and rewrite the control program of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s aircraft. It could be piloted safely.

But then again, if Ah Huang rushed back, these aircrafts would not be of much importance.

The Spirit Queen guarded this thing like a treasure. It could only be said that it was quite terrifying to be uncultured.

On the way, Xu Tui ordered Lavis to fly between the Spirit Queen and their team. Xu Tui’s vigilance against the Spirit Queen was written all over his face.

He did not believe her!

As the members of the pioneer raiders in the Evolution Realm could only fly with the jet thrusters under their feet in their combat uniforms, their speed was not fast. It took them a full 11 hours to arrive near the foot of an uninhabited mountain. “They are in the volcano.”

“Inside the volcano?”

“This is an extinct volcano. The temperature below the jet tunnel is still high. About ten days ago, two men and a woman fell onto our planet. They were discovered by the Heavenly Fiendcelestial immediately.

“I could sense that the Heavenly Fiendcelestial and the others were very nervous when they discovered the three of them. The Heavenly Fiendcelestial, the two Great Fiendcelestials, and more than a dozen Little Fiendcelestials all chased after them.

“The two men and one woman finally hid in the volcanic jet tunnel of the extinct volcano. The Heavenly Fiendcelestial and the two Great Fiendcelestials had been guarding here for more than ten days to no avail. They did not attack for some reason.

“It was only when you arrived that the Heavenly Fiendcelestial left with his men. Only then did you have a chance to break through the Heavenly Fiend Hall. If these two Great Fiendcelestials are guarding the Heavenly Fiend Hall, it will probably be very, very difficult to break through it.”

The Spirit Queen, Xu Tui, and the others stopped at the foot of the mountain.

However, the Mechanical Spirit Race had already noticed the situation. The Spirit Queen’s huge figure, including the surging wave of ant beasts behind her, was too obvious.

However, the Mechanical Spirit Race was clearly very flustered.

A quasi-planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race instantly soared into the sky from the volcanic eruption tunnel. He shouted at the Spirit Queen, “Mother Kun, how dare you? Aren’t you afraid that I’ll remotely control the controller activation device and destroy all of your species?” Yin Yuan shouted angrily.

The Mechanical Spirit Race’s name was actually very free for those below the elder level. However, those above the elder level, which was a planetary realm powerhouse, had to be named by the Spiritual Race.

It was very simple for the Spiritual Race to name the planetary realm powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race. They basically followed the order. In any case, there were not many planetary realm powerhouses in the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The Spirit Queen looked at Xu Tui and was a little worried. “Can they remotely control the activation device?”

“They should be able to, but I have it now, so not for the time being.”

Xu Tui threw the controller into the quantum dimensional chain. No matter how powerful the technology of the Mechanical Spirit Race was, they could not send a signal into Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain.

“The Blue Star Humans?”

Yin Yuan immediately noticed Xu Tui and the others. He had an extremely shocked expression. He contacted the planetary realm powerhouse, Yin Si, and everyone he could contact with his current communication tool, but there was no response.

Yin Yuan was really flustered.

The fact that the Spirit Queen had run out meant that something had happened to the base.

But what about Elder Yin Si?

Elder Yin Si was in the Planetary realm, right?

Although he was very flustered, Yin Yuan was still a little rational. He quickly formulated a strategy with another quasi-planetary Yin Cun. He had to first wipe out the internal rebellion. @@novelbin@@

Whether it was the Spirit Queen or the Blue Star humans, they had to wipe them out.

The people inside were originally enemies, but it was different now. Otherwise, they would not have been in a stalemate for so long. In the shortest time possible, Yin Yuan and Yin Cun agreed on a plan. Yin Cun began to communicate with the people trapped inside.

As he slowly approached, Xu Tui’s mental perception slowly covered it. What surprised Xu Tui was that he could hear Yin Cun communicating with the people trapped inside.

The voice communicating was a female and a male voice. The female voice was a little familiar..