Chapter 1088 - Chapter 1088: Ah Huang’S Sos

Chapter 1088: Ah Huang’s SOS

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Where should he go?

This was a very important question. It was almost equivalent to choosing his future fate. @@novelbin@@

Why did he say that?

From the looks of it, this Planet Spirit was more suitable for survival. There were necessary living conditions. In terms of size, it was larger than Earth. Judging from the resources mined by the Mechanical Spirit Race, Planet Spirit was also very rich in minerals.

As for food, in the short term, the food of the ant-men and ant beasts could be eaten after processing.

However, staying and developing meant that they might suffer a fatal blow from a Planetary powerhouse at any time.

Based on the basic intelligence, Planet Spirit was a planet that the Mechanical

Spirit Race placed high hopes on. It was very likely that the Mechanical Spirit Race was secretly accumulating strength to resist and escape the control of the Spiritual Race in the future.

But now, it was taken by Xu Tui.

How could they not be crazy?

Xu Tui would definitely go crazy.

They would definitely send three to four planetary experts over. Three to four planetary powerhouses pounced over. They would definitely be able to wipe out Xu Tui and the others. In other words, it was very likely that they would face a disaster if they stayed here.

For safety reasons, they had to leave Planet Spirit as soon as possible after resting. Basically, all the members of the Pioneer Raiders Team had this opinion, except for Bu Qingqiu.

“I have some information that I want to remind you.” Yanzi, who was participating for the first time, suddenly spoke after listening for a long time.

Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. He nodded. “Speak!”

“Actually, you might not know much about the status and actual situation of the Mechanical Spirit Race in the Spiritual Race. I happen to know this very well. I can tell you about it! Then, you can make a decision,” Yanzi said.

As soon as he said that, everyone became interested.

Everyone was still very interested in the enemy’s information.

The Mechanical Spirit Race was a vassal race in the Spiritual Race, just like the Dissimilate Clan and the Fission Race. Under normal circumstances, some expendable wars and matters were done by the vassals. Some heavy and time-consuming work was also done by the vassals.

This was the reason why over the years, there had never been more than ten planetary powerhouses in the Mechanical Spirit Race. It was mainly because of the deliberate control of the Spiritual Race, be it the inclination of cultivation resources or the consumption of resources in war.

This was the unwavering rule of colonization. They had to consume the active power of the colonized species to maintain their power within a safe range. In essence, the Mechanical Spirit Race had also been colonized. However, it was another form of colonization.

The Planetary and quasi-planetary experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race all served the forward operating base unconditionally. Currently, there were a total of six planetary experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race who listened to the orders of the Spiritual Race.

In the records of the forward operating base, Yin Yi was the very ancient King of the Mechanical Spirit Race. He had long died in battle. Yin Si had also died in battle.

However, Yin Si had been alive and well on Planet Spirit. He should be a hidden power of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

He could not rule out the possibility that the Mechanical Spirit Race still had hidden forces, but there would definitely not be many of them.

The Spiritual Race’s control over the Mechanical Spirit Race was actually very strict, especially regarding the movements of planetary and quasi-Planetary powerhouses.

Under such circumstances, the number of planetary powerhouses that the Mechanical Spirit Race could mobilize was very limited.

“My personal judgment is that if the Mechanical Spirit Race counterattacks, they will definitely send more than one planetary powerhouse. However, based on the current situation of the Mechanical Spirit Race in the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, they could not send more than three planetary experts.

“There might even be two of them! After all, there were only six planetary powerhouses in the Mechanical Spirit Race who served the forward operating base.

“Once there was a problem with the whereabouts of three people at the same time or they used various excuses to leave the duty, the forward operating base would definitely notice something unusual.

“With Lei Tian’s paranoia, it would bring great trouble to the Mechanical Spirit Race. If… if you had the strength to deal with two to three planetary powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race, you could actually temporarily stay on Planet Spark.

“After all, Planet Spirit had a complete mining foundation of the ores in the base, including some of the raw materials to make the quantum jade core.

“That’s all. I don’t have any suggestions for your resolution. It’s entirely up to you to decide what to do!”

It had to be said that this silly girl, Yanzi, was basically intelligent in this aspect. However, did Xu Tui and the others have the strength to deal with two to three planetary powerhouses?

With his current strength, including the Spirit Queen, he should be able to attack a planetary realm. But the Worldly Pioneer Raiders have to risk their lives if two came. It was hard to say whether they could survive when three of them came.

“The information provided by Yanzi is also very useful. However, we have to look at the current situation. Based on the current situation, did we have the ability to leave Planet Spirit? Other than Miss Bu, who else could rely on their own strength to achieve the escape speed of this planet?

“Therefore, my decision is to temporarily prioritize survival. I will try my best to repair the first main base and think of a way to gradually obtain control of the main base. And be prepared to deal with the crisis!”

Xu Tui, the regiment commander, made the decision. However, there were not many people who responded. Only An Xiaoxue did. Qu Qingshan fully supported Xu Tui.

Actually, Xu Tui understood what the others were thinking.

They had been away from the Blue Star for too long. They had survived a disaster and were homesick. If not for this reason, Xu Tui would not have held a meeting to discuss where to go.

Xu Tui had only called this meeting to solve his internal problems.

Seeing that many people were silent, Bu Qingqiu suddenly sneered. “With my strength, I can only bring one person out of Planet Spirit! If I do, I’ll definitely bring my student, Qu Qingshan, away.” Qu Qingshan was very touched by these words.

“If you all have the idea of going your separate ways after being saved and still need the regiment commander to do your thinking, then I’ll bring Qu Qingshan away now. I don’t want to be dragged down by you if you don’t listen to commands and die here.”

Bu Qingqiu’s words instantly woke most of the silent people up.

It was mainly because they had escaped danger and relaxed their minds. Now that Bu Qingqiu had reminded them, they immediately reacted. After all, they were an elite who had survived despair.

Xu Tui once again secretly counted for the flat-chested Miss Bu.

Chest sacrifice was more useful.

She was so smart.

Soon, the opinions were unanimous again.

With the goal of temporary survival, he wanted to fully recover and control the first main base. He wanted to rest and reorganize together.

Xu Tui was a little worried when he saw the group of elites come up with their respective plans in the shortest time possible. After escaping danger, the problem of his temporary reorganization of the pioneer raiders would probably only begin.

It had to be said that the efficiency of the pioneer raiders was quite high.

The first solution was internal communication.

Some of the pioneer raiders who specialized in mechanical maintenance and communication spent half a day removing some of the components in the Mechanical Spirit Race’s base and building a temporary signal tower that covered a radius of 100 kilometers.

In that case, it would be much more convenient for internal communication.

If he could remove a portion of the equipment from the other resource bases of the Mechanical Spirit Race, he might be able to solve most of the communication problems on Planet Spirit.

“Commander, the Spirit Queen has returned. She’s outside the base and wants to see you!” The benefits of solving the internal communication were here.

Yan Lie, who was on guard outside, immediately informed Xu Tui from afar. A basic vigilance system had been established.

“Let her in…”

Xu Tui had not finished his sentence when an ear-piercing sizzling sound suddenly sounded in the communication channel in the temporary communication tower.

In less than 30 seconds, the pioneer raiders in charge of communication reported, “Commander, we discovered an intrusive connection request from an unfamiliar signal. How does this intrusive connection request look like our Blue Star?

Do you want to access it?”

Signal access meant that he might be located by the other party.

However, at this moment, who could contact their temporary signal tower?

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He thought of something and immediately shouted, “Access, access immediately!”

Thirty seconds later, Ah Huang’s familiar voice sounded amidst the sizzling electric current.. “Xu Tui, is this Xu Tui? I need your help!”