Chapter 1087 - Chapter 1087: Food Chain And Spiritual Room

Chapter 1087: Food Chain and Spiritual Room

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It was another 12 hours later when Xu Tui and the others returned to the Heavenly Fiend Hall in the middle of Planet Spirit.

The upper limit of the flying speed of the combat uniform was there.

From the time he returned to the Heavenly Fiend Hall, Xu Tui had given the Heavenly Fiend Hall a very old-fashioned name.

First Main Base.

God knew how long he could stay on Planet Spirit. He should not trouble himself with naming. However, he had to investigate the basic environment of Planet Spirit thoroughly, be it for a year and a half or a week or two. @@novelbin@@

The important role of the pioneer raiders that they had rescued previously was displayed at this moment.

Other than their individual combat strength, most of these people were experts in one or more fields. They had a lot of professional knowledge.

For example, An Xiaoxue was not only an individual, but she was also an expert in biology, including molecular biology and genetics, as well as natural evolution. At the same time, she also had a certain level of knowledge in environmental research.

Such as the impact on biological evolution in various environments.

This level of involvement was based on An Xiaoxue’s status as a professor at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

This level of dabbling was the specialization of ordinary people.

Qu Qingshan was an environmental, geographic, and climate expert. His main research direction was also related to the development of the abilities of the School of General Senses.

There were even a few experts in mechanics, dynamics, and materials science who were only at the Evolution Realm. This surprised Xu Tui. He instantly realized a huge mistake.

Previously, Xu Tui had judged the importance of a person’s strength.

From the looks of it, these pioneer raiders at the Evolution Realm were all treasures.

It might not be eye-catching on the Blue Star, but it was extremely important in Xu Tui’s current state of cosmic survival.

They were all elites. While Xu Tui was personally receiving the information about the Heavenly Fiend Hall and knowing all the resources in the first main base, he had already received the basic data about Planet Spirit from the relevant people.

The atmosphere contained 7% oxygen.

Compared to the 21% oxygen content of the Blue Star, it was much lower. It was not suitable for ordinary Blue Star humans to survive.

However, without considering bacteria and microorganisms, cultivators at the Mutation Realm and above who had undergone professional training could breathe directly.

But then again, humans could establish a comprehensive living base in a vacuum environment like the Moon.

On Planet Spirit, where there was atmosphere and oxygen, the difficulty was countless times smaller.

More importantly, there was water on Planet Spirit.

Moreover, water resources were very abundant. Although the water sample detected so far contained many heavy metals and unknown microorganisms, that was not a problem. It could definitely be drunk after being treated.

At the same time, An Xiaoxue also preliminary confirmed that the survival elements of the creatures on Planet Spirit might overlap with those of the Blue Star creatures by more than 50%.

In other words, as long as a certain amount of technology intervened, Planet Spirit could completely undergo biological cultivation and form the ecosystem of the Blue Star Humans.

Without a doubt, Planet Spirit was the most suitable planet for the colonization of the Blue Star humans.

Furthermore, it was a large-scale colonization that was self-sufficient.

Suddenly, Xu Tui, who was calculating all of this, smiled bitterly.

It seemed that he was still a traitor to the Blue Star!

The environment of Planet Spirit was not harsh. After many investigations and the descriptions of some Ant Generals, they could roughly determine that the lowest temperature on Planet Spirit was about minus 70 degrees. The highest temperature on the surface was 110 degrees.

However, there were huge differences in districts.

For example, the lowest temperature at night was 11 degrees, and the highest temperature during the day was 34 degrees. It was a very comfortable temperature.

The base of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Heavenly Fiend Hall could be said to have given the pioneer raiders a foundation for their survival.

There was mainly the Energy Control Center, the Energy Reaction Furnace, the Alloy Smelting Center, and the Armament Manufacturing Center.

This was because there were no relevant life-support facilities in the form of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

However, after searching the area, Xu Tui discovered a mysterious production line with a furnace that he did not Imow about.

It was a tunnel similar to a production line. There was a huge magnetic circle-like device inside. Behind the tunnel was a large molten furnace.

On the other end was a very exquisite storage room. Even though the energy supply of the entire base had been cut off, it could not be opened. Yan Lie could not enter either.

The vibrating force field inside was still there, and the security facilities were still operating.

This was the only mysterious center that Xu Tui had discovered that had spare energy after he patrolled the entire main base.

Xu Tui called over the captive, Xuan Ju.

As soon as he arrived at the mysterious center, Xuan Ju revealed a look of fear.

Xu Tui realized that Xuan Ju’s legs were trembling when he arrived at the mysterious center. He suddenly had a guess. “What is this place?” “Honorable Heavenly Fiend, this is the resting place of my clansmen.”

That’s right. According to the Spirit Queen, Xu Tui had already become a Heavenly Fiend of the Ant Clan.

A new heavenly fiend!

Xu Tui did not object. It did not matter to be called a Heavenly Fiend from this kind of aboriginal lifeform who did not have any history or cultural foundation.

“A place of rest?”

“Even the ant-men and ant-beasts who have reached the resting time set by the original Heavenly Fiends have to queue to walk into this resting place. This is the… graveyard of my people. I’ve once escorted countless ant beasts here.” Xuan Jut s mood was very heavy.

Xu Tui’s eves flashed when he heard that.

This should be an important place for the Mechanical Spirit Race to nurture ant-men on Planet Spirit. Other than minerals and various resources, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s greatest target for colonizing Planet Spirit should be this place.

Xu Tui fell into deep thought as he looked at this resting place that had layers of safety measures. He had a guess, but he did not dare to confirm it.

What was inside?

A few minutes later, Xu Tui transferred the Little Fiendcelestials that he had captured previously, which was the Mechanical Spirit Race in the Transmutation Realm.

The answers they gave were surprisingly consistent.

Spiritual Cultivation Center.

Just the name made Xu Tui know what was inside.

Spirit!

It was the same as the Spiritual Race’s goal of nurturing humans on the resource planet. It was to obtain spirits.

Xu Tui had already seen spirits. It was very important! However, in order to obtain spirits, could he only kill other races with spirits?

After hesitating for a few seconds, Xu Tui suddenly laughed. There was no need to dwell on it. This was just like how the Blue Star humans ate 1.2 billion pigs and 65 billion chickens every year. Could you say that the Blue Star humans had any ill intentions?

NO!

It was just to obtain more meat, protein, and better food quality.

But what about pigs and chickens?

Similarly, in the eyes of the Mechanical Spirit Race, ant-men and ant-beasts were like chickens and pigs in the eyes of the Blue Star Humans. Similarly, in the eyes of the Spiritual Race, the humans of the Blue Star were also like chickens and pigs.

This was the rule of the food chain! It was the top and cruelest rule of the food chain in the universe.

From this perspective, was there anything wrong with the Mechanical Spirit Race enslaving and controlling the Ant Race?

That’s right.

Food!

Then, what should Xu Tui do next?

“Can you open the spiritual chamber in the center of the land?” Xu Tui asked the captive of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The captive shook his head. “This spiritual chamber stores the top-notch resources. Only two or more elders can enter the password at the same time to open it.”

He could basically confirm that this spiritual chamber was the place where the Mechanical Spirit Race stored the spirits.

However, how many were there?

“How long was the last time you opened this place?”

“Basically, it’s opened once every ten to twenty years. The last time it was opened was 15 years ago,” the captive of the Mechanical Spirit Race replied readily.

The Planetary and quasi-planetary realm had been destroyed, so there was no need for him to defend.

“Fifteen years ago?” Xu Tui thought for a few seconds and suddenly asked, “What happened to your clan after you opened it last time?”

“Lord Yin Wu, who has been trapped in the quasi-planetary realm for more than 20 years, has successfully broken through and been promoted to the eighth elder.”

Xu Tui’s eyes widened.

Breaking through to the Planetary realm! He used the spirits to break through to the Planetary realm! Was this the real reason why the Spiritual Race and the Mechanical Spirit Race were frantically collecting spirits?

Was this also the reason why the Spiritual Race and even the Great Xi Clan wanted to invade the Blue Star?

Were they all trying to obtain a spirit? If that was the case, once the Spiritual Race or the Great Xi Clan attacked the Blue Star, the outcome of the humans on the Blue Star would be terrifying.

It would be no different from these ant-like creatures.

The last time the spiritual chamber in front of him was opened was 15 years ago.

After 15 years of accumulation, how many spirits would be collected inside?

Xu Tui quickly reacted when he was tempted.

There shouldn’t be much.

Although the time span was very long, based on the frequency at which the Mechanical Spirit Race used it, the spirits accumulated every 10 to 20 years could allow a quasi-planetary expert to break through to the Planetary realm.

The quantity should not be large.

Xu Tui had also thought of the reason.

Although the time it took to accumulate was long enough, the spirits provided by the ant beasts and ant-men should be relatively little.

Of course, this was all Xu Tui’s guess. He would only know after he opened the spiritual chamber.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. He had a confused feeling. There were too many things he wanted to do, but there were too few people he could use.

Xu Tui looked into the sky. It had been almost four days since they escaped from the Tower Asteroid. Why had Ah Huang not found him? Had there been an accident? If Ah Huang did not find him after an accident, all the plans would have to be re-planned.

Has something happened to Ah Huang?

Xu Tui was really a little worried in the vast universe.

“Xuan Ju, inform the Spirit Queen to meet me at the first main base in half a day.”

There were still many secrets on Planet Spirit that Xu Tui needed to explore.

What Xu Tui wanted to know the most now was why there was a Huaxia language inheritance among the generations of Spirit Queens.

“Everyone, end your research in an hour and return to the first main base. We will discuss where to go and take turns to rest.” Xu Tui gave the order in the temporary communication channel..