Chapter 1083 - Chapter 1083: I Have To Punish You Now (2)

Chapter 1083: I Have to Punish You Now (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had also persisted until the end. He was sent flying back by the net of fire formed by Yin Cun. He was not injured though. His current Vajra Barrier had a total of two layers. The first layer of Vajra Barrier had shattered, and the second layer was immediately replenished.

It looked dangerous, but he was not injured.

The Vajra Set that Li Qingping had passed down to Xu Tui could be said to be a life-saving divine artifact.

“Kill this!” Bu Qingqiu let out a delicate shout and threw out her water bag. A water dragon surrounded Yin Cun at lightning speed. Lavis glanced at Xu Tui and sighed in his heart. The enemy was really f*cking weak.

His dear master was actually fine! Sighing, Lavis roared. Blue light erupted around his body as he charged towards Yin Cun bravely.

After venting her anger, the mountain-like body also ran wildly, charging towards Yin Cun like a mountain.

They wanted to surround and annihilate Yin Gun!

Coincidentally, the direction that the Spirit Queen rushed toward happened to be the direction where Xu Tui had fallen back from Yin Cun.

Xu Tui could clearly see the Spirit Queen rushing over with his mental perception. On the surface, the Spirit Queen was charging toward Yin Cun. However, he did not know if she had any other thoughts.

Xu Tui’s vigilance was instantly raised to the extreme.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui suddenly sensed an additional wave of malice.

The malice from the Spirit Queen!

This was sensed by Xu Tui’s passive spiritual resonance.

Xu Tui instantly realized that the Spirit Queen might take the opportunity to attack him. When the mountain-like Spirit Queen charged forward, it could be said that the ground shook. In a flash, Xu Tui activated the Time Distortion ability again. Then, he used this moment to put on another layer of Vajra Barrier.

At the same time, the Spirit Queen’s drill-like tentacles blasted toward Xu Tui before she could pass by him.

The Spirit Queen’s thoughts were very simple. The controller was in Xu Tui’s hands. Xu Tui put it into his quantum dimensional chain. As long as she killed Xu Tui and his quantum dimensional chain collapsed, that controller would naturally never see the light of day.

Their ant-man race would be completely liberated!

Four pairs, eight drill-like tentacles slammed into Xu Tui’s outermost Vajra Barrier. The first layer of the Vajra Barrier shattered. The second level was also shattered in an instant. One of the tentacles drilled into Xu Tui’s head. It wanted to kill him in one strike.

It had to be said that the Spirit Queen’s attack power was extremely powerful. She was definitely the extremely powerful kind among quasi-planets.

Especially close-range attacks!

A recurve shield condensed from the energy field instantly blocked the tentacle of the Spirit Queen. In the next moment, Xu Tui was sent flying by the recurve shield and quickly retreated.

Vajra Tide Return Shield.

However, Xu Tui had aimed the power of the tide at him and accelerated his retreat.

The Spirit Queen roared and chased after Xu Tui like a shadow. In his mind, the red fire slip flashed with light. The mental hammer suddenly expanded. Xu Tui, who was flying backward, slammed the hammer into the Spirit Queen’s head.

The Spirit Queen was stunned, but she was only stunned for a moment.

This surprised Xu Tui. He had created an opportunity when he had hit Yin Si with an enhanced mental hammer.

The Spirit Queen was only stunned for a moment. Her mind power was extremely strong.

However, Xu Tui took advantage of this opportunity to instantly soar into the sky on his sword and fly a few hundred meters into the air. No matter how strong the Spirit Queen was, it was too far for her to reach.

She had a powerful body. Even if she could fly, her flying speed was far inferior to Xu Tui’s. The Spirit Queen roared in frustration when she saw Xu Tui fly up. However, she still carefully activated a translucent energy defense.

“Spirit Queen, you have completely destroyed the foundation of trust between us.” Xu Tui sneered in the sky.

“Give me the controller. Then we are your friends!” The Spirit Queen’s huge eyes stared at Xu Tui, who was in the sky. They were cold and silent.

In the distance, the rustling sound of the one-eyed giant ant wave quickly advancing and gathering once again spread far and wide like a wave.

The situation on the battlefield changed again. The ant-men had once again become Xu Tui and the others’ enemies.

Xu Tui only sneered when he saw this. “Spirit Queen, do you think I can’t kill you?”

“With those two people, you have a chance of killing me! However, there are billions of ant beasts behind me!” The Spirit Queen was inexplicably confident.

“Then take my sword!”

Xu Tui instantly threw out a water-type Origin Crystal. It turned into a flying sword. After circling the sky and accelerating to the extreme, it slashed at the Spirit Queen.

The Spirit Queen stared at the flying sword that Xu Tui had thrown out with an extremely focused expression. Four pairs, eight tentacles, danced in the air. She poured out her mind power and waited calmly.

She could guarantee that as long as this flying sword entered the range of her tentacles, it would be shattered by her tentacles.

Whoosh!

Amidst the sharp whistle, the Spirit Queen waved her tentacles even more anxiously. In the next moment, the Spirit Queen was suddenly stunned.

The flying sword disappeared!

Xu Tui’s flying sword had disappeared.

Almost at the same time, a sharp aura suddenly came from above the Spirit Queen’s huge eye. The Multi-Dimensional Sword that had disappeared just now had actually passed through the Spirit Queen’s energy defense.

Energy Teleportation in the quantum entanglement state!

The quantum entanglement state could not teleport physical objects, but there was no problem with teleporting energy.

This was a discovery that Xu Tui had made in his overall ability system.

First, the earth-element instantiation sword erupted, and a small mountain smashed fiercely into the huge eye of the Spirit Queen.

The Spirit Queen’s huge eye was also her weakness. The mountain smashed down, causing the Spirit Queen to faint and fall to the ground. Then, the Ice Sword instantly blasted into the Spirit Queen’s huge eye in the sharpest manner. Blood spurted out! @@novelbin@@

The Ice Sword could not pierce any further. However, at the same time, the mental sword of the Multi-Dimensional Sword erupted. His mind power instantly exploded in the Spirit Queen’s eyes.

This was equivalent to directly breaking through the physical body of the Spirit Queen and stirring up her brain.

In an instant, the Spirit Queen convulsed in pain. She subconsciously howled and rolled. As she rolled, countless ant beasts were crushed on the spot. The ant-men and ant beasts that rushed over were also stunned.

They were also dumbfounded.

What was wrong with the Spirit Queen?

Despite the pain, the Spirit Queen only howled in pain for a second before she recovered. She crawled to the ground and stared at Xu Tui with her bleeding eyes. There was fear and vigilance.

“I told you, it’s not difficult for me to kill you!”

Xu Tui took the opportunity to pretend.

In reality, the situation just now was already Xu Tui’s limit. It was easy to kill the Spirit Queen, but it was difficult for Xu Tui to kill the Spirit Queen with his own strength. This was especially so for a huge creature like the Spirit Queen. It was commonly known as having extremely thick health bars and was extremely difficult to kill.

However, that move just now had completely shocked the Spirit Queen.

Xu Tui sneered when he saw the Spirit Queen looking at him in fear. He took out the controller and said, “I can tell you clearly that I know how to use this thing. I didn’t use it just now to show you my strength and prove that I have the strength to kill you in a short period of time! I can knock you down!

“Now, I’m punishing you! ”

Xu Tui sneered and pressed the first button in the middle row of the controller. In the next moment, the Spirit Queen’s huge body trembled violently..