Chapter 1099 - Chapter 1099: No Regrets And Purification (2)

Chapter 1099: No Regrets and Purification (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Don’t… leave me with regrets! No matter what happens in the future, whether we live or die, we are together at this moment. We are together, our hearts are together…! Love you!” An Xiaoxue panted heavily. The aloof iceberg in front of him instantly transformed into a fiery older sister. It was pure and lustful! If Xu Tui could still back down now, he would probably be beaten up.

Clothes fluttered in the wind.

The residential area of the temporary dormitory was actually quite close. The first person to notice the abnormality was Yanzi. That voice made Yanzi’s face turn red. She cursed the adulterous couple, but she could not help but listen.

The second person to discover something was Bu Qingqiu. Hearing the commotion, Bu Qingqiu sighed softly. “It’s good to be young…” Then, she coughed lightly. “The two of you don’t look like you have much experience. Let me remind you. At the very least, you have to create a mind power barrier or an energy particle barrier. Everyone knows how to use mental perception and energy perception here.”

“Miss Bu, you guys are the only ones peeping!” Xu Tui, who had instantly activated his mental perception, muttered in dissatisfaction. He immediately raised a mind power barrier and continued to work hard.

His words made Bu Qingqiu blush. However, what did the word ‘you guys’ mean? There was another person?

In the next moment, Bu Qingqiu’s mind power noticed Yanzi. At the same time, Yanzi’s mind power also discovered Bu Qingqiu. Then, she fled.

Two hours later, Xu Tui, who had fought two battles, hugged An Xiaoxue. His fingertips wandered on An Xiaoxue’s smooth shoulders. He was tempted.

“Stop fooling around. It hurts!” An Xiaoxue pinched the soft flesh on Xu Tui’s waist unhappily.

The red color on her body made Xu Tui pity An Xiaoxue. However, Xu Tui smiled evilly and said, “Why don’t we treat it…?”

In the next moment, Xu Tui screamed.

Xu Tui finally understood one sentence today. A woman’s embrace is a hero’s grave. Originally, the planetary powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race would attack in a few days. It could be said that they had to race against time to cultivate.

However, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had been hugging each other for more than three hours. Xu Tui did not want to separate.

“Get up. If you don’t get up now, everyone will laugh at you.” An Xiaoxue had a shy expression after the passion. However, she could not remain aloof in Xu Tui’s arms.

Xu Tui was not afraid of being laughed at. However, An Xiaoxue’s words reminded him that he had to work hard to prepare for his long-term happiness. Otherwise, such a life would end if the two planetary powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race attacked.

A few minutes later, An Xiaoxue, who had put on her long pants and combat boots again, tied her long hair up. She was as aloof as before, but her pretty face was still covered in a delicate blush.

“Xiaoxue, protect me. If you notice that my emotions are fluctuating too much, wake me up immediately. If you can’t wake me up, hammer me awake.” This was Xu Tui’s true motive for looking for An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui wanted An Xiaoxue to protect him while he purified the silver box.

These 15 and a half silver boxes could increase the strength of a small number of people in a short period of time. Xu Tui had to purify them in a short period of time.

“Alright.”

A minute later, Xu Tui first entered a meditative state. Then, his mind power surged into a silver box and began to slowly accelerate the vibration of the spiritual power in the entire silver box.

During the vibration process, the spiritual power, negative emotions, and various memories would be separated during the vibration. It was like a process of sorting. After the separation, he would destroy the emotions and various messy memories.

During the vibration process, the massive amount of negative emotions and chaotic memories continuously collided with Xu Tui’s mind power, affecting him in all kinds of ways.

Even though Xu Tui was extremely calm in his meditative state, the various negative emotions were like a huge vortex that continuously affected him.

Xu Tui somewhat understood the difficulty that Cai Shaochu was talking about.

Resisting these negative emotions was the most difficult step.

Suddenly, Xu Tui inadvertently saw a memory image that attracted his attention. Xu Tui instinctively wanted to look. However, when he thought about it, he immediately poked a hornet’s nest. It was like a river breaking its banks. Countless negative emotions and memories surged towards this gap. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s face instantly turned pale.

Fortunately, with Cai Shaochu’s experience, Xu Tui was already prepared. He instantly pulled out his Mental Vibrating Whip and continuously destroyed these negative emotions and memories.

This was also a process of destruction. At that time, Old Cai had been careless and was affected. It was mainly because of the few images left behind by the humans that Old Cai had no choice but to look.

Xu Tui had made the same mistake, but his situation was much better than Old Cai’s.

The impact was still within Xu Tui’s tolerance. However, this kind of destruction process consumed a lot of mind power. At the current speed, it would be good enough if Xu Tui could purify three silver boxes a day with his mind power.

Xu Tui, who was constantly enduring the impact of the negative emotions and purifying the box, suddenly had a thought. He remembered the red fire slip.

The red fire slip had always been very mysterious. However, before this, it needed spiritual power very much. Previously, 80% of the spiritual power that Xu Tui had absorbed was given to the red fire slip. Xu Tui could only get 20%.

Xu Tui had obtained a lot of spiritual power from the sword-shaped fire slip in Fuqiang last time. However, the red fire slip absorbed four times more spiritual power than Xu Tui. It was equivalent to raising a rich family, and one that did not usually do much.

What exactly was this thing? Was it harmful?

He did not notice it for the time being.

It was useful, but it did not seem to be of much use. The enhancement three times a day at the critical moment was quite useful.

At the thought of this, Xu Tui had a thought. The red fire slip had such a strong need for spiritual power. Could it do something to destroy the emotions and chaotic memories?

Xu Tui tried to activate the red fire slip with the mentality of making a Hail Mary effort.

He did not expect that with a thought, a red light would suddenly flow out of the red fire slip. The red light surged out, and all the negative emotions and messy memories that surged toward Xu Tui were wrapped in the red light and returned to the red fire slip.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Was this red fire slip eating these things that they did not want? Or did it help him destroy it?

However, Xu Tui was very happy about one thing. After the incident at the Fuqiang, the red fire slip seemed to be more obedient. Last time, Xu Tui had to threaten it before it could listen.

This time, Xu Tui came out to work with a thought.

It was a good thing!

The red fire slip seemed to have the ability to deal with these negative emotions and chaotic memories. The red light wrapped around them and it kept them.

Xu Tui felt more at ease when he saw this. He continuously shook the silver box. At the same time, he enlarged the defense gap and let the red fire slip speed up the process of dealing with these negative emotions and chaotic memories.

Half an hour later, the first silver box was purified. There was only pure spiritual power left inside. There were no negative emotions or messy memories. It was worth mentioning that the moment the purification was completed, the red light of the red fire slip surged towards the pure spiritual power in the silver box, wanting to eat it secretly.

xu ?rul’S mina power was aecis1ve1Y CUt orr. It was rorD1aaen.

This guy was a bottomless pit. At this critical moment, he could not let it absorb it.

With the help of the red fire slip, the speed at which he purified the silver box was much faster than Xu Tui had imagined. He also consumed very little mind power. Without hesitation, Xu Tui began to purify the second silver box.

He was even more familiar with the second silver box. It only took 25 minutes to complete. After purifying the second silver box, Xu Tui also understood something. How did the red fire slip deal with these negative emotions and messy memories?

It should not be destroyed, but absorbed!

After absorbing the emotions and chaotic memories in the two silver boxes, the small sword on the back of the red fire slip suddenly became much more solid than before.

This Little Sword could absorb the power of negative emotions? What was the use of this additional small sword?

Xu Tui was confused.

Why didn’t he have an instruction manual for this thing?

Seven hours later, a total of 15 and a half silver boxes were purified into silver spiritual boxes. A very important question was placed in front of Xu Tui.

How could he distribute it to maximize the benefits?