Chapter 1098 - Chapter 1098: No Regrets And Purification (1)

Chapter 1098: No Regrets and Purification (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Silver box!

Twenty silver boxes hung around an instrument like bunches of grapes. This instrument looked almost the same as the Spiritual Embodiment Equipment in the resource base of the Extreme Wind Number Seven. It was a little rough.

Xu Tui could roughly deduce that this was a technique that the Mechanical Spirit Race had slowly learned when they were nurturing alien lifeforms for the Spiritual Race over the years.

“Ah Huang, can this system still operate normally?” Xu Tui suddenly asked as he looked at the complete set of instruments.

“It can function normally.”

“Then can we replicate it?”

“Not at the moment. I scanned it once before. I can’t understand a few key core components at all. Currently, I understand many of the unpublished military technology cutting-edge technologies on the Blue Star. What I can’t understand basically means that the Blue Star’s current technology level is unsolvable,” Ah Huang said. @@novelbin@@

“Okay, study and prepare well. If anything happens, I hope that you can remove the core components that can’t be replicated and take them away,” Xu Tui said.

“No problem. My robot brother, the first generation of dwarfs, is already on standby.”

Ah Huang snapped its fingers, and two 1.2-meter-tall but strong-looking robots appeared behind the spiritual chamber.

“This is a new multi-purpose robot that I’ve debugged that is suitable for our current situation. It can be built and can carry out vigilance. It has participated in the battle and has already produced two prototypes. It’s being debugged. It’s expected to be mass-produced in three days,” Ah Huang said.

“Not bad.” Xu Tui praised Ah Huang. His mental perception instantly landed on the 20 silver boxes. The situation of the silver boxes immediately entered Xu Tui’s mind.

Four of the silver boxes were empty. The 15 silver boxes were full. One of the spiritual boxes was about half full. This was basically in line with the previous information. The last time the Mechanical Spirit Race opened the spiritual chamber was 15 years ago.

Basically, there was a silver box a year.

Xu Tui took them down one by one and examined them carefully. All the silver boxes were filled with spiritual power. However, the spiritual power inside was extremely chaotic. It was filled with all kinds of negative emotions and chaotic memories.

Such a silver box had to be purified and turned into a Silver Spirit Box before it could be used to strengthen his mental body and increase his strength.

In the past, Xu Tui would have been helpless. It was just like on the resource planet. He had obtained the silver box but could not use it. He did not know how to purify it. He still had to ask Old Cai.

After Xu Tui handed the silver box that he had obtained from the resource planet to Old Cai, Old Cai found a way to purify the silver box after wasting half of it.

The method to purify the silver box was not difficult.

Purifying the silver box still relied on mind power. Powerful mind power. He had to satisfy three conditions at the same time to purify the silver box.

Firstly, he had the mind power of a planetary powerhouse. Secondly, he had to master the mind power vibration technique. Thirdly, he had powerful willpower.

None of the three conditions could be missed. This was especially so for the third condition. It did not seem difficult to achieve, but it was actually the most

difficult.

This was because when one used the mind power vibration technique to purify the silver box, the mind power of the purifier would inevitably be affected by the various negative emotions and memories contained in the spiritual power in the silver box.

It was easy to remove the influence of memories, but one would fall into the negative emotions if one was not careful.

Under normal circumstances, the source of the spiritual power in the silver box would be in a relatively harsh environment. It might even die. Naturally, it would carry a large number of negative emotions.

Cai Shaochu said that when he first tried it, he was accidentally affected by the huge amount of negative emotions inside and almost broke down. With his cultivation, it took him more than a month to recover.

He had to be extremely careful.

If he was not careful, he might be affected by the negative emotions. At best, he would break down emotionally. At worst, his mental body would be chaotic or even collapse, directly causing his mind to break.

Although Old Cai said that it was very dangerous, Xu Tui still wanted to give it a try. Xu Tui felt that his willpower was not bad.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui brought the 16 silver boxes to An Xiaoxue’s room.

An Xiaoxue’s eyes lit up when she saw Xu Tui arrive. She was meditating and cultivating. She quickly poured water for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue’s slightly thin figure. His heart ached and he was a little craving for it.

Xu Tui had wanted to get himself and An Xiaoxue a large room and live together shamelessly for a few days. However, he was not thick-skinned enough in the end.

Xu Tui knew very well that he had to be thick-skinned when he flirted with girls. But it was easy to think of, but not easy to do. Many times, he just could not get thick-skinned. He clearly wanted it so much, but he was not thick-skinned enough at the critical moment.

An Xiaoxue poured Xu Tui a glass of water. Xu Tui suddenly made up his mind when he smelled the faint fragrance on An Xiaoxue’s body. At most, he would be beaten up. He pulled An Xiaoxue into his arms.

As Xu Tui was sitting, An Xiaoxue sat on Xu Tui’s lap. Xu Tui kissed her with the intention of being beaten up. The sweet smell spread out. Unexpectedly, An Xiaoxue responded enthusiastically. Her response was even more enthusiastic than Xu Tui’s.

Xu Tui’s breathing gradually became heavier. He had self-learned it. When he reached the critical step, Xu Tui felt a little afraid.

Wasn’t it a little too fast?

Could Xiaoxue accept it?

At this moment, An Xiaoxue gave Xu Tui an even more enthusiastic response..