Chapter 1094 - Chapter 1094: Resolving The Hidden Danger And Going Home (2)

Chapter 1094: Resolving the Hidden Danger and Going Home (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Other than the controller in Xu Tui’s hand, Ah Huang could also directly control it.

Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong would have secondary rights to the base of Spirit I, but they would be under Ah Huang’s supervision at all times.

Eight hours later, a fleet descended on Planet Spirit again. However, the moment the fleet appeared, An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu, who were guarding Planet Spirit, felt as if they were facing a great enemy.

If Xu Tui had not informed them earlier, they would have had the possibility of attacking. It was mainly because the fleet was different. Other than the remaining supply ship and the two Aerospace Combat Jets, the fleet also had seven disc-shaped Combat Jets of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

During the process of returning to Planet Spirit, Xu Tui realized that the Mechanical Spirit Race’s disc-shaped fighter jet was faster than the Aerospace Combat Jet of the Blue Star.

The distance between the Moon and the Blue Star was about 400,000 kilometers. The sky shuttle needed about 10 to 20 hours, while the Aerospace Combat Jet only needed four to six hours at full speed.

After the preliminary test, the distance between Planet Spirit and Spirit I was about 500,000 kilometers. It would take seven to nine hours for the Aerospace Combat Jet to fly at full speed.

However, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s disc-shaped combat jet was about 20% faster than the Aerospace Combat Jet.

The extreme speed of the Aerospace Combat Jet was about Mach 60, while the speed of the disc-shaped combat jet could reach about Mach 75. This was the reason why Xu Tui brought back the disc-shaped combat jet.

Speed represented time and life.

The only flaw of the disc-shaped combat jet was that it had less capacity.

However, it was good to have a certain number. Not to mention anything else, the five disc-shaped combat jets on Planet Spirit also belonged to Xu Tui after Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong surrendered.

Cheers instantly rang out when they saw Xu Tui and the fleet.

Xu Tui frowned when he saw the cheering members of the pioneer raiders. He knew that he had to make a decision on something. Otherwise, it would be a hidden danger. If it could not be resolved properly, there might be a huge problem.

The return of the fleet represented the hope of returning home. With a fleet, they could go home. This was especially so when Xu Tui had arrived on Tower Asteroid with a fleet. Including the jump of Lavis after that, as well as the drifting, they would be able to return to the Manut asteroid in a month at most.

Of course, the prerequisite was that he knew the location of the Manut asteroid. If he did not know, it would be very difficult to return home in the vast space.

Do you think the universe is stationary? In reality, the entire solar system, including the Milky Way, was constantly moving forward. With a super star as the core, it was constantly moving forward.

At this moment, someone had already shouted and asked Xu Tui when he was going home.

“Old Yan, inform them to hold a plenary meeting, except for Yanzi and the others. ”

Half an hour later, the pioneer raiders held their second plenary meeting.

“Although the fleet has suffered some losses, they have returned in the end. This is our hope of returning home. I understand everyone’s feelings. However, there’s something I have to officially tell everyone.”

Xu Tui’s serious expression made everyone’s expressions darken.

“I’m a traitor to the Blue Star. I’m afraid I won’t be able to return to the Blue Star in a short period of time.”

As soon as these words were spoken, the venue immediately erupted. Some were stunned, some were shocked, and some did not believe it.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He told them everything that had happened during the captive exchange operation. He put out the video recordings and audio recordings.

Half an hour later, everyone was stunned. The Blue Star had abandoned them, but Xu Tui had not. Or rather, they were all benefiting from An Xiaoxue. Otherwise, they would all be finished.

“Commander, what’s going on with us now? If we go back, how will the Blue Star treat us? They won’t treat us as traitors, right?” Wei Cang from the Huaxia Sector asked.

“I don’t think so. The various alliances will definitely take turns to investigate you. That’s because they have to eliminate the possibility of you defecting to the enemy. They might use some methods. Of course, they will also interrogate you about me,” Xu Tui said.

“How could they… do this?”

“The Huaxia Sector will definitely believe you, but the other alliances will definitely investigate. You guys can decide. Those who want to leave can make a choice now. I can’t go back. Currently, there are only two Aerospace Combat Jets and a supply ship that can be used. The supply ship is the foundation of my survival. I can’t give it to you. I can give you both Aerospace Combat Jets if anyone wants to leave,” Xu Tui said.

“I’ve also become a traitor to the Blue Star. I won’t leave. This place is actually quite comfortable.” Bu Qingqiu was the first to stand up and support Xu Tui.

An Xiaoxue did not say anything. She silently sat down beside Xu Tui and leaned very close to him. It was so close that Xu Tui could smell the fragrance on An Xiaoxue’s body.

Then, Qu Qingshan also stood firmly beside Bu Qingqiu and Xu Tui. Under Qu Qingqiu’s gaze, Wen Shao helplessly touched the horn on his head and stood behind Xu Tui.

“Instead of going back to be interrogated, why don’t we take a gamble now? At least this planet looks good at the moment! Perhaps I can create a history of humans?” Wei Cang smiled and stood behind Xu Tui.

In less than three minutes, 12 of the remaining 18 members of the pioneer raiders stood behind Xu Tui. The other six had nervous expressions.

“Commander, if we don’t leave now, can we go back one day?” someone asked.

“We have to go back in the future! When my strength increases to the quasi-planetary or even the planetary realm, the other alliances won’t dare to do anything to us when I go back.” “Then I choose to stay.”

Two more people stood over.

Only Gaman, Anna, and the two members of the Huaxia Sector’s pioneer raiders did not stand over.

“My children are still young. My parents are still around,” a member of the Huaxia Sector’s pioneer raiders, said in pain.

“Commander Xu Tui, can you really give us two Aerospace Combat Jets and let us return to the Blue Star? Don’t worry. If we return to the Blue Star, we will definitely explain your situation to the six sectors of the Blue Star and wash away your reputation so that you can return to the Blue Star as soon as possible,” Gaman from the European Sector said.

“As long as you are willing to leave, I will give it to you. I will not go back on my word.” Xu Tui was silent.

Gaman’s expression gradually became determined.

It was also at this moment that Ah Huang, who had transformed into a fierce and cute girl, swaggered to the other side of Xu Tui. An Xiaoxue was instantly stunned. Xu Tui’s forehead suddenly became covered in sweat.

“Mr. Gaman, I have something to remind you. Back then, when we brought the captives of the Spiritual Race to escape from Manut, in order to prevent ourselves from being pursued and located by Manut, I destroyed the locators and space beacons of all the battleships in the fleet!

“In other words, if you want to drive the Aerospace Combat Jet back, I’m afraid you’ll have to drive it blind! There’s no guidance from the location of the Manut asteroid,” Ah Huang said.

As soon as he said that, Yan Lie suddenly laughed unkindly.

Xu Tui looked at Ah Huang in shock. “Why didn’t I know?”

“I’ve always been in control of the fleet. Have you ever controlled it?”

Although he said that, Ah Huang communicated with Xu Tui with its consciousness and said, “I lied to them. Those who don’t want to stay can fly back themselves if they want to. How could we give them what little we have? We had already saved their lives. How could we buy them a bus ticket? You’re not going to survive anymore?”

Xu Tui was speechless.

However, Ah Huang’s words sounded very comfortable.

Gaman looked defeated. As a member of the pioneer raiders, he had a certain level of understanding of space navigation. There was only one outcome if he were to return to the Manut asteroid in an Aerospace Combat Jet without a space beacon.

He would be lost in the endless sea of stars.

A few minutes later, the ashen-faced Gaman said helplessly, “Commander Xu Tui, I am willing to continue to obey your commands. However, if one day, when we have the ability to return to the Blue Star, I hope that you can help us return! If possible, I still hope to go home!”

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he heard that. @@novelbin@@

“Going home is also my wish! One day, we will definitely go home! Definitely! I promise!”