Chapter 1092 - Chapter 1092: Selling Himself And Selling Him Out (2)

Chapter 1092: Selling Himself and Selling Him Out (2) @@novelbin@@

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Even if there is an outcome, it might be even more terrifying than death.” Yin Liulong smiled bitterly.

Xu Tui was stunned. The conditions he promised were actually rejected by a group of captives. This was really rare. “Then what are your thoughts?”

“Sir, under normal circumstances, shouldn’t you let us captives serve you after you captured us? We only hope that you won’t use us as cannon fodder,” Yin Liulong said.

Xu Tui’s eyes widened.

Get the captives to serve?

In the history of the Blue Star, using captives was a problem in itself. Even members of the same race had to be very careful when using captives, let alone other races.

This was unimaginable.

A captive at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. A captive with powerful combat strength would Drobablv die in his sleeD if he had anv disloval thoughts.

Xu Tui had never thought about this before.

“To be honest, I really can’t trust you. My personal preference is to let you leave if you can give me valuable information. Those who can’t provide any value will be killed.”

Xu Tui’s words made the expressions of the captives of the Mechanical Spirit Race change drastically.

It was really concise to kill him and settle this matter.

Yin Wushu’s electronic eyes suddenly lit up. “Sir, I understand what you mean. Are you worried about our loyalty?”

Xu Tui glanced at Yin Wushu. He did not say anything, but his attitude was obvious.

On the battlefield, these guys had surrendered to Xu Tui so cleanly. If they were in Xu Tui’s shoes, they would be in a huge pit if they turned around and surrendered to the enemy after Xu Tui accepted them.

Would he dare to use it?

He did not dare to use it!

Of course, Xu Tui had also thought about controlling them. However, there were too few methods to control them, so he could not promote it on a large scale. Xu Tui did not know any other control methods.

Therefore, Xu Tui decided to let those who provided value go and kill the rest.

“Sir, you can actually control us.” Yin Liulong gave Xu Tui a suggestion. This suggestion almost made Xu Tui roll his eyes.

It was unprecedented for the captives to suggest that he, the winner, use methods to control them. However, on second thought, it was understandable.

Xu Tui, who had experienced space drift before, knew very well how difficult it was to wander in space below the quasi-planetary realm. Those below the quasi-planetary realm could not wander in space for too long.

There was no need to encounter the enemy. The harsh environment would kill them silently.

“To be honest, I also want to control you, but I don’t have an effective way to control you,” Xu Tui said honestly.

“But we do.” Yin Liulong became anxious.

Xu Tui glanced at Yin Liulong. Using their own control method to control them. Was he ambitious or was he mentally deficient?

“Sir, this is the method we used to approach the Spirit Queen and the ant-men. This method was secretly learned from the Spiritual Race. The craftsmanship was not difficult. There was a simple production line on both the Planet Spirit and Spirit I. The production program could be completely regulated.

“Moreover, because we are controlling the dangerous species, we have already eliminated the possible loopholes in the enslavement of the third generation of the Silver Ring.” Yin Wushu was anxious.

“Yes, Sir. Our enslavement of the third generation of the Silver Ring has many purely physical safety modes. For example, forcefully demolishing it would immediately detonate the miniature high-wave bombs inside.

“Another example was that after losing contact with the control center for more than 24 hours, they would spontaneously activate light punishment. If they lost contact for more than 48 hours, a light punishment would be upgraded to a heavy punishment. If they lost contact for more than ten days, they would automatically activate the ultimate level of elimination.

“It was also very convenient to control. As long as the person being controlled was disobedient, you could use Elimination or Punishment. The high-energy particles inside kept moving. The energy could last for more than 50 years. You did not have to worry about the reason for the disability. Also…”

Yin Liulong and Yin Wushu spoke one after another. Xu Tui was dumbfounded. He had seen people promoting themselves, but he had never seen someone promoting and enslaving themselves.

It had to be said that Yin Liulong and Yin Wushu’s sales were very successful.

What was the biggest problem of the pioneer raiders? There were not many

people.

There were too few people!

If he could enslave and control this batch of captives of the Mechanical Spirit Race, it would be very beneficial to his future development. If a powerful enemy really attacked, he could use it as cannon fodder.

Moreover, there were more than that many captives of the Mechanical Spirit Race. There were still many on Planet Spirit. Unfortunately, most of them had been killed.

Xu Tui suddenly made a decision.

On Planet Spirit, the methods used to control the Spirit Queen and the ant-men also used the third-generation enslavement of the Mechanical Spirit

Race.

One sheep was a herd, and so was a group of sheep. If he could keep a quasi-planetary expert like the Spirit Queen by his side, it would not be a

problem for him to keep a group of more obedient and servile Mechanical Spirits by his side.

It could be seen that the Mechanical Spirit Race did not seem to reject being controlled. They valued survival more than freedom. This was different from the Spirit Queen. This might be directly related to the fact that the Mechanical Spirit Race had been enslaved by the Spiritual Race for so many years.

“Alright, your sincerity has convinced me. I’ve decided to accept your loyalty!”

As soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, more than a hundred Mechanical Spirits cheered. At the same time, they knelt on one knee and bowed to Xu Tui.

“Greetings, Master.”

Xu Tui nodded. “Then give me the data of the third generation of the Silver Ring and the production line. I need to produce a portion of it and adjust the data before using it on you.”

As soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, Ah Huang’s voice came from his wrist. “There’s no need. I’ve already conquered it. Including the production lines in their base and the control debugging program, I cracked and controlled them all. The recompilation would be completed in ten minutes. Xu Tui, you can use them without worry.”

Xu Tui was stunned. “Thank you!”

“You’re welcome.”

“By the way, Master, I have a very important piece of information to report to you,” Yin Wushu suddenly said.

Yin Wushu had just finished speaking when Yin Liulong spoke first, “Master, in the next ten days or so, the Mechanical Spirit Race might have two planetary realm elders arrive…

“It’s not a possibility. It’s a certainty! Moreover, I know which two elders are coming,” Yin Wushu said anxiously.

“I also know that it’s Elders Yin Qi and Yin Ba. They’re already on their way. However, because they’re in different positions, the time they arrive might be slightly different,” Yin Liulong said anxiously.

“It’s not just Elder Yin Qi and Yin Ba. They all have quasi-planets!” Yin Wushu was anxious.

“I know. Elder Yin Qi only brought three quasi-planetary experts. Elder Yin Ba might have brought two quasi-planetary experts,” Yin Liulong said.

“Nine days. Elder Yin Ba will arrive first in nine days at the latest. However, I can confirm that Elder Yin Ba will definitely land on our Spirit I and wait for Elder Yin Qi to come and meet us.”

Yin Liulong and Yin Wushu spoke one after another. They were afraid that if they spoke too slowly, they would sell out the elders of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Xu Tui was dumbfounded.

Was this the Mechanical Spirit Race that believed in survival?