Chapter 1095 - Chapter 1095: Inner Circulation Branch And All

Chapter 1095: Inner Circulation Branch and All

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

With the temporary internal unification, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders entered the battle preparation stage.

The reinforcements from the Mechanical Spirit Race would arrive nine days later—Planetary realm powerhouses, Yin Ba and Yin Qi. Each of them might bring at least two quasi-planetary powerhouses.

This was a big test for the pioneer raiders.

This concerned whether the pioneer raiders could stabilize their footing on Planet Spirit. If they could not, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders might be wiped out. At the very least, they would have to escape again and wander in space.

The battle plan was repeatedly studied, and Planet Spirit also began to undergo a comprehensive resource fusion.

The first thing he had to do was to completely take over and restart the Heavenly Fiend Hall, which was also the first mainframe.

Originally, the highest authority was in the hands of the dead Yin Si. The captives in their hands could not restart the first main base. However, Ah Huang’s return was another matter.

Previously, on the resource planet, Ah Huang had invaded the Mechanical Spirit Race’s base and accumulated a large amount of data foundation. It had also used a next-generation quantum chip. It was only a matter of time before it invaded the main base.

Moreover, Ah Huang could directly simulate hardware.

On February 7, 2139, the control center of the first main base was successfully restarted. The control center was completely taken over by Ah Huang. The five pioneer raiders with maintenance abilities were ordered around by Ah Huang.

“The power of the backup energy furnace is too small. We need to repair the Energy Control Center as soon as possible and restart the energy supply before we can restore the basic defense system of the base.

“Xu Tui, there are too few engineering robots. They are not enough. I need to recompile and modify a production line of the Mechanical Spirit Race to produce fully automatic engineering robots.”

“You can use it.”

“Xu Tui, I have decided to produce smaller models of construction-type engineering robots instead ot omnipotent ones. This way, the time would be faster, the cost would be lower, and the difficulty of the technology would be lower. I still need the help of a few techies.

“However, I discovered some new technologies in the control center of the Mechanical Spirit Race. These new technologies might increase the performance of our construction engineering robots, but I need your full authorization.’

“Approved.”

Xu Tui’s supply ship actually contained many backup supplies. For example, there were five fully automatic engineering robots, two medical robots, and three maintenance robots.

At this moment, they had already invested everything.

Ah Huang’s return allowed him to do many things that he could not do previously.

With Ah Huang’s intervention, Xu Tui suddenly felt countless times more relaxed. Although he had taken over the first main base previously, there were thousands of things to settle. There were countless problems to solve. Xu Tui felt like he was about to explode.

For example, the alert defense system needed to be set up again. It could not always rely on manpower.

Another example was the basic construction of the life-support system, the introduction and purification of water sources, the comparison research of food, and the planning analysis of resources.

Xu Tui could do all of these things. However, he needed a large amount of data to make a decision. It was extremely time-consuming.

However, when it came to Ah Huang, it could make a decision in minutes. This was probably the charm of the digital age.

In just a day, Ah Huang lured the water source in and completed a small-scale water purification center. Other than replenishing his water reserves, the most important thing was to take a shower.

The first to rush in to take a shower was An Xiaoxue.

The pioneer raiders set off in October last year. It is February now. One could imagine how uncomfortable they were.

At this moment, the appearance of this hot bath multiplied the happiness of the members of the pioneer raiders.

Xu Tui and the others did not stay idle. They cultivated with all their might, especially Xu Tui. He began to use the mind power separation barrier breakthrough method that he and Old Cai had jointly invented to improve himself.

Xu Tui only used a day to establish two internal circulation chains within the

Great Ring Chain of the 72-point Great Genetic Ability.

At this moment, Xu Tui completely understood the situation of a Transmutation Realm cultivator increasing their cultivation.

Basically, there was a possibility of condensing into a star after a third of the internal circulation chain of a Transmutation Realm expert’s genetic ability chain was completed.

Don’t think that it’s simple. In reality, it was very difficult.

Currently, Xu Tui had a total of 11 genetic base points in the Mental Whip Genetic Ability Chain, it only established three internal circulation channels.

Did it feel like a lot?

However, if he wanted to complete the entire internal circulation chain of the Transmutation Realm genetic ability chain, the number would be terrifying.

There were 11 genetic base points. If he wanted to establish an internal circulation channel with the other genetic base points, he needed 10 internal circulation channels. He needed nine for the second one.

By analogy, Xu Tui needed to build a total of 55 internal circulation channels if he wanted to reach the so-called perfect state of the mental whip.

According to Cai Shaochu, anyone who could cultivate a certain genetic ability chain to a perfect internal circulation would be able to condense into a star without any resistance and break through to the quasi-planetary realm. However, that would be very difficult and slow.

Under normal circumstances, most cultivators would slowly attempt to break through after completing about a third of the internal circulation in the genetic chain.

This was the cultivation theory. The more genetic base points a genetic ability chain had, the better.

The more genetic base points he had, the harder it would be to break through from the Transmutation Realm to the quasi-planetary or planetary realm.

For example, the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain. The 72 genetic base points that concerned Xu Tui’s mind power cultivation required him to activate more than 2,500 internal circulation channels.

Even if he only completed a third of it, he would still need more than 800 internal circulation channels.

Just a third of his cultivation goal made Xu Tui feel a little despair. He had only opened a total of five internal circulation channels in two days. At this rate, he would not be able to complete it in two years, and he would have to have enough Origin Crystals.

Actually, Xu Tui had already given up on the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

Xu Tui was prepared to establish a few more internal circulation channels for the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to increase the total amount of his mind power as much as possible. When he reached a certain level and lost the cost-effective ratio, he would give up on cultivating the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

In the later stages, he had to try his best to use other genetic ability chains to condense into stars.

However, Xu Tui’s current understanding of establishing an internal circulation channel within the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain was that the total amount of mind power would increase by about 1% for every internal circulation channel he established.

Every time the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain activated 100 internal circulation channels, Xu Tui’s mind power would double. @@novelbin@@

This was the charm of genetic ability chains with a large number of genetic base points.

Cultivation was very difficult, but it also increased one’s strength greatly. Furthermore, the upper limit was higher.

In comparison, the genetic ability chains of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Supernatural Branch that cultivated mind power ranged from 12 to 30 genetic base points depending on the type of supernatural being.

Using 30 as an example, one needed to establish 420 internal circulation channels within the genetic ability chain to cultivate to a perfect internal circulation state. Xu Tui needed to establish more than 2,500 internal circulation channels.

If it was the increase in mind power, one was four times, and the other was 25 times!

This difference…

It was a little terrifying just thinking about it. If both sides’ mind power was based on five, the difference between their mind power was 20 and 125. The difference was more than five times. Of course, under normal circumstances, one would not be able to cultivate a perfect internal circulation state.

Most of the internal circulation channels formed by supernatural beings were between 150 and 200. In terms of 200, this range meant that his mind power had doubled.

On the other hand, Xu Tui’s range reached the lowest third. His total mind power had increased by eight times.

Based on this data, the combat strength of the people from the Genetic Miracle, such as He Wanjian and Ji Qianli, would definitely be four to five times that of an ordinary quasi-planetary if they condensed the 72-point genetic ability chain into a star.

Xu Tui felt that thev did not.

Whether it was He Wanjian or Ji Qianli, their strength was considered the top among the quasi-planets, but they were not ridiculously strong.

This was because the current combat strength of an ordinary planetary realm was about equivalent to three quasi-planets.

If Ji Qianli and He Wanjian were five times stronger than ordinary quasi-planetary experts, they would have long been able to fight a planetary realm expert. If the two of them had the combat strength of the planetary realm, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue would not be in such a miserable state.

Which alliance would dare to attack a sect with three planetary experts? If you dare to attack, I’ll have three planetary experts working together to execute the beheading operation. Are you afraid?

Therefore, He Wanjian and Ji Qianli’s 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain should not have turned into a star.

However, this was normal. Just the thought of this number made one despair.

Xu Tui had used the mind power separation barrier that he had invented to activate five of them in two days. He might not even be able to activate one in ten days if he cultivated in a normal state.

“It seems that the establishment of the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain can only be used as a painstaking effort to slowly accumulate. The most important thing now is to quickly increase my combat ability.”

Rapidly increasing one’s combat ability was mainly about offense and defense.

Xu Tui felt that time was limited. He still had about five days to prepare for battle. He was prepared to use these five days to attack the genetic ability chain of the mental whip. To complete a perfect internal circulation of the mental whip genetic ability chain, a total of 45 genetic internal circulation channels were needed.

It was easier to achieve.

If his power was increased by 1% after one internal circulation channel was activated, the total increase of would be very shocking.

In the next five days, Xu Tui expected that he would activate 10 to 15 internal circulation channels of the mental whip. The power of the mental hammer and mental whip would also increase by 10 to 15%.

This was also very impressive.

He could only work hard to improve his other abilities after the crisis.

Of course, the most important thing was that Xu Tui had a limited number of Origin Crystals. He would not be able to maintain it for long if he consumed too many of them.

Over the next few days, under Ah Huang’s guidance, the entire main base began to gradually get on track. The Mechanical Spirit Race’s defense system was also activated. This made all the members feel much safer.

At the very least, they could sleep peacefully. Otherwise, at least a third or even more people would be on night duty every day.

On the 12th of February, there were still four days before Yin Ba arrived on Spirit I. According to the plan, everyone would complete their preparations for battle on February 14th and begin to implement their battle plans in advance.

However, at noon on the 12th of February, Ah Huang woke Xu Tui up from his bitter cultivation.

The results of Xu Tui’s bitter cultivation were better than he had imagined.

Other than the first two days of cultivating the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain, he had actually built eight internal circulations of the mental whip in the remaining three days.

Whether it was the mental hammer or the mental whip, their power had clearly increased.

“Ah Huang, what’s the matter?” Xu Tui, who had been woken up, asked.

“The situation on the entire Planet Spirit has been sorted out. There are two pieces of good news. Which one do you want to hear?” Ah Huang, which was the human form of the fierce and cute little girl, tilted her head and said to Xu Tui.

“Which one do I want to hear?”

Xu Tui chuckled. “Of course I want them all.. Who would do a multiple-choice question like that?”