Chapter 1096 - Chapter 1096: Plunder And Incentive (1)

Chapter 1096: Plunder and Incentive (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The first piece of good news is that I’ve already conquered the Mechanical Spirit Race’s spiritual chamber without any damage. Not only can I open the door of the spiritual chamber, but I’ve also cracked the control system of the spiritual chamber. You can enter the spiritual chamber now,” Ah Huang said with a smile.

Xu Tui’s eyes widened when he heard that. “Can I activate it now?”

There were good things in the spiritual chamber.

When Ah Huang nodded, Xu Tui excitedly stood up and rushed in the direction of the spiritual chamber. However, he had just taken a few steps when he immediately turned around and asked Ah Huang, “By the way, what’s the second good news?”

“The Mechanical Spirit Race has a total of 13 resource extraction points on Planet Spirit. Over the past few days, these robots have all reviewed the resource extraction points. I realized that Resource Extraction Point 9, which is located at this location, did not attract your attention.”

Ah Huang projected a topographic map for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui frowned. “Resource Extraction Point 9? Isn’t it a resource mining point that doesn’t have much production and is about to be abandoned?” Suddenly, Xu Tui’s eyes widened. “The Spirit Queen lied to me?”

Previously, time was tight, and Xu Tui did not have a suitable transportation vehicle. He could not send people to check on the situation at Resource Extraction Point 9. It was more than 9,000 kilometers away from the first main base. The jet thrusters in his combat uniform could only make a round trip after five days of traveling without sleeping.

It was not safe to spend too much time in an uncertain situation.

The basic situation was confirmed by the Spirit Queen.

“It should be. Resource Extraction Point 9 is a natural underground Origin Crystal mine. It is the most valuable resource point among all the resource points. The feedback from the robots I sent over is that the current mining speed of the Mechanical Spirit Race is 30 grams of Origin Crystals a day.” Origin Crystal mine!

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. He was about to faint from the good news.

Origin Crystal Mine.

There was an Origin Crystal mine on Planet Spirit! It was no wonder that the Mechanical Spirit Race placed so much importance on Planet Spirit. There was a planetary realm and two quasi -planetary experts guarding it.

When something happened, they immediately sent two planetary powerhouses over to deal with the situation. As expected, it was not only a cultivation planet, but also a planet with Origin Crystal mines.

Origin Crystal mines were very rare.

The Blue Star did not have an Origin Crystal mine, nor did the Moon. However, Mars had an Origin Crystal mine, and there was more than one.

The Origin Crystal mine on Mars was also the largest source of Origin Crystals for the various alliances.

For example, the Huaxia Sector had five Origin Crystal mines on Mars. The production of each Origin Crystal mine ranged from 10 to 100 grams.

At the same time, according to the Blue Star’s current research results, the @@novelbin@@

Origin Crystal mine was a renewable resource. However, the regeneration

speed was so slow that it made one’s hair stand on end. It was basically equivalent to a non-renewable resource.

This was also the reason why the Blue Star actively expanded.

“Did you discover one?”

The production of 30 grams a day was not high, but it was very meaningful. This meant that it was very likely that there was an Origin Crystal mine that had not been detected on Planet Spirit.

“This is the only place for the time being! I still need time to explore the rest.”

“Alright, after we survive this crisis and have excess power, we have to intensify our exploration.”

Xu Tui was originally going to the Spiritual Chamber. However, with a thought, the flying sword flew out. Xu Tui stepped onto the flying sword and prepared to settle the score with the Spirit Queen.

“I’ve made such a great contribution. Do you want to give me a reward?” Ah Huang suddenly said mischievously just as Xu Tui was about to leave.

Xu Tui’s flying sword moved. He rubbed Ah Huang’s head. “You’re an advanced artificial intelligence. Why do you need a reward? There are no suitable rewards for you! I’ll give them all to you when I get the next-generation quantum chips in the future.”

After saying that, Xu Tui left on his sword with a whoosh. Ah Huang pouted and stomped her feet in anger. “Who said that I can’t ask for a reward? You’re the one who wants a chip as a reward. Your entire family is a chip..

However, Xu Tui could not hear her complaints.

For safety reasons, Xu Tui did not let the Spirit Queen enter the first main base. She set up a new home on a mountain 100 kilometers away from the first main base. Even a quasi-planetary powerhouse would not be able to silently break through the various defenses of the first main base.

The layers of vigilance and defense were enough to warn the queen if she had any ill intentions.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui arrived above the new home. The Spirit Queen had already sensed Xu Tui’s arrival. She poked her head out of the new home and waved her slender antennae, welcoming Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s expression darkened. The sinister aura and anger were directly transmitted to the Spirit Queen through spiritual resonance, causing the Spirit Queen to instantly become careful.

“Lord Xu Tui, what happened to you? Who made you angry?” the Spirit Queen asked carefully.

After decades of being controlled, the Spirit Queen was very good at reading someone from their body language.

Xu Tui glanced coldly at the Spirit Queen. He took out the controller and said, “Spirit Queen, I gave you trust, but you played with me like a fool. I came here today to see who’s playing who.”

As soon as she saw the controller, fear came from his spiritual resonance. God knew how many years the Spirit Queen had been tortured by the Mechanical Spirit Race. She could not help but feel fear when she saw the controller.

“Lord Xu Tui, where did you start? Under such circumstances, I would definitely not dare to lie to you. If I do anything wrong, just tell me. Or if the Ant Generals and Commanders below did something wrong, you can deal with them directly. I just hope that you can spare their lives.” The Spirit Queen was still resisting. Presumably, there were many benefits that could make her take the risk..