Chapter 1097 - Chapter 1097: Plunder And Incentive (2)

Chapter 1097: Plunder and Incentive (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Let me remind you. It’s the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Resource Extraction Point 9, the abandoned resource point you told me about.”

As soon as he said that, the Spirit Queen’s huge eye trembled. Her emotions were filled with panic and fear.

Xu Tui did not say a word. He only stared calmly at the Spirit Queen, causing her to feel even more fear.

“Sir, I’m sorry. I lied to you. I’ve been trapped for a long time and lack energy. I was taking the opportunity to report this Origin Crystal mine as an abandoned mine. I just wanted to obtain a little Origin Crystal to replenish my energy,” the Spirit Queen quickly explained.

Xu Tui raised his chin slightly. He continued to stare coldly at the Spirit Queen. The Spirit Queen panicked. Her abdomen surged, and more than 600 grams of Origin Crystals spewed out of her folded soft abdomen.

“Sir, the Mechanical Spirit Race will retrieve the Origin Crystals from the Origin Crystal mine once every 15 days. In addition to the Origin Crystals I accumulated and the Origin Crystals I obtained over the past few days, other than the 100 grams that I used, the rest are all here. Sir, please forgive me once. I’ve been hungry for too long.” The Spirit Queen lowered her huge eye and begged for mercy.

If it were an ordinary person, they might have been fooled by the Spirit Queen’s sincere attitude. However, the Spirit Queen was facing Xu Tui, who had activated his passive spiritual resonance.

The changes in the Spirit Queen’s emotions completely gave Xu Tui feedback. There was nervousness, but also a little relief.

She still kept some?

Xu Tui’s gaze was still very cold. “Spirit Queen, I came here to give you a chance. I hope that you can be more honest. Otherwise, don’t blame me for using my methods. ”

The Spirit Queen looked at Xu Tui in fear. A minute later, the Spirit Queen spat out a large number of Origin Crystals, which were more than 5,000 grams.

Xu Tui was a little dumbfounded by such a large number of Origin Crystals. If he had not been calm, he would not have been able to maintain his cold expression.

5,000 grams. Did she rob the Mechanical Spirit Race’s warehouse?

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he thought of this. That was really a

possibility.

That was because after the Mechanical Spirit Race’s base was breached, more than 90% of the area was occupied by the ant-men and destroyed. Later on, Xu Tui and the others only found a portion of the supplies and metals in the warehouse. They did not see any Origin Crystals.

At that time, he had thought that it had been taken away by the ant-men. However, Xu Tui did not expect there to be so many of them.

“Sir, when we breach the base, my children received it from the warehouse of the Mechanical Spirits and sent it to me. I took it all out.” The Spirit Queen had a painful and helpless expression.

This time, the emotions that the Spirit Queen gave him were painful and helplessness. It was a kind of pain that felt like cutting off flesh.

It should be true.

However, Xu Tui still wanted to try it out after swindling the Spirit Queen.

“Spirit Queen, I’ve completely restarted and taken over the Control Center of the base. The data I retrieved tells me that there’s more!”

“Sir, I’ve really handed them all over!” the Spirit Queen begged.

Xu Tui did not say a word. He stared coldly at the Spirit Queen, but his hand landed on the controller.

A minute later, the Spirit Queen was the first to break down. Her huge and soft stomach collapsed, and another 1,000 to 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals gushed out.

“That’s all of it. This is all of it! These 2,200 grams of Origin Crystals were given to me and my children by the Heavenly Fiendcelestials and gathered here. Sir, there were really no more! That’s all!”

At this moment, the Spirit Queen gave Xu Tui the feeling that her heart was dead.

It must have been completely emptied. Xu Tui wanted to laugh when he saw that. He was also very happy. He did not expect Ah Huang to discover something. Not only did it find an Origin Crystal mine, but it also obtained a large harvest for Xu Tui. He was just worried that he was about to run out of Origin Crystals when he received another sum. @@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui did not plan to have enough of this harvest. He planned to distribute it himself. A portion of it would be used to increase his strength, and the other portion would be given to Yan Lie, An Xiaoxue, Qu Qingshan, and the others to increase their strength.

At the current stage, Xu Tui felt that he should be more selfish.

After circling with his mind power, Xu Tui swept the nearly 8,000 grams of Origin Crystals that the Spirit Queen had taken out into the quantum dimensional chain.

This scene made the Spirit Queen cry from her huge eyes. It would be fine if they had snatched it from the warehouse or from the Origin Crystal mine. However, the 2,200 grams that they took out in the end were really the rewards that she and her children had obtained from flattering the Heavenly Fiendcelestials.

It was a real hard-earned Origin Crystal.

However, it was taken away by Xu Tui.

At this moment, the Spirit Queen felt a little despair.

After killing the Heavenly Fiendcelestial, the big and small Fiendcelestials, they thought that they had been liberated. They did not expect Xu Tui to come. He was even more demonic than the Heavenly Fiendcelestial.

He stripped her of her clothes.

For a moment, the Spirit Queen felt a little despair. Her form was special. Without enough Origin Crystals to maintain it, the quality of the children and the ant-men would decrease, and her strength would decrease. The entire species would even fall into a complete decline, let alone maintain it. Xu Tui naturally sensed the despair of the Spirit Queen. His heart skipped a beat.

Desperate creatures were the easiest to go crazy.

After all, she was a quasi-planet. If they could survive this crisis, Xu Tui and the others would still have to develop on Planet Spirit for a long time. They could not force her too much.

On second thought, Xu Tui took out another 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals and placed them in front of the Spirit Queen.

“Originally, when you lied to me this time, not only would I have to use the

Heavy Punishment, but I would also plunder you until there was nothing left.

However, seeing that your attitude is not bad, there’s no need for Heavy Punishment. Also, I’ll leave you 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals for your cultivation!

“I hope you won’t make the same mistake in the future. Don’t lie or hide anything from me! Otherwise, I will definitely punish you severely or even kill you!”

After saying that, Xu Tui instantly soared into the sky on his sword.

Looking at the 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals that she had lost and recovered, the Spirit Queen cried with joy. It did not seem like Xu Tui was not stingy.

“From next month onwards, you will have a share of 100 grams of Origin Crystals every month. I will give it to you on time! In addition, send the ant beasts under your command to help us explore the mines as much as possible.

If there are any new mines, 10% of the production will be yours!”

Xu Tui’s voice, which had left, entered the Spirit Queen’s mind. It once again made the Spirit Queen extremely happy.

“Thank you, Lord Xu Tui. Thank you. I’ll immediately order the children to explore the mine with all their might.”

This was especially so when she discovered a new mine. 10% of the production would belong to her. This made the Spirit Queen extremely excited and looking forward to it.

If she could discover a rich mine or one or two more, not only would the gains be enough for her to consume and reproduce, but it would also allow her to slowly increase her strength.

Suddenly, the Spirit Queen was filled with motivation.

All the best, Spirit Queen!

Encouraging employees was very common on the Blue Star.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui landed in front of the spiritual chamber in the Spiritual Cultivation Center. “Ah Huang, open the spiritual chamber. I want to go in.”

“Wait a moment. The lock-picking program takes ten seconds.”

Ten seconds later, the door of the spiritual chamber, which was made of multiple composite materials that were one meter thick, slowly slid open. Xu Tui’s eyes were instantly filled with ecstasy..