Chapter 1090 - Chapter 1090: The Belief Of The Mechanical Spirit Race

Chapter 1090: The Belief of the Mechanical Spirit Race

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the sky, Xu Tui watched as a Mechanical Spirit charged toward him. The other four chased after Lavis.

Xu Tui was stunned. They were looking down on him. He was only at the Transmutation Realm, yet he wanted to send him away. He had to attract aggro. He activated his mental perception that he had already activated and instantly instantiated the Mountain Formula. The small mountain blasted towards the heads of Yin Wushu and the others.

Yin Wushu’s expression changed drastically. His left arm instantly turned into a huge saber that slashed into the air with an energy wave. The faint yellow mountain that had just been instantiated was cut into two by Yin Wushu the moment it appeared.

However, the recoil also made Yin Wushu’s expression change. He instantly realized that this Transmutation Realm expert was not simple.

“Yin Liulong, you go too. You and Yin Sili surround and kill this guy.” Through the attack just now, Yin Wushu felt that Xu Tui might be a little stronger than he had imagined.

However, two Transmutation Realm experts were enough! Even if it was a Transmutation Realm expert of the Spiritual Race, they would be able to defeat them even if they could not kill them quickly.

Yin Liulong responded and quickly changed directions. However, in the next moment, both Yin Liulong and Wushu were stunned.

In the sky, a silver light flashed. Yin Sili, who was charging toward Xu Tui, was like a wooden stake. His energy core was destroyed by a single strike.

He was killed!

This scene instantly shocked Yin Wushu. Was he that strong? Even a quasi-planetary could not be so straightforward, right?

“Be careful of your defense. Get rid of this guy first.” Yin Wushu waved his hand. The remaining four Transmutation Realm experts all grabbed toward Xu Tui.

At this moment, they were about 3,000 meters away from Xu Tui.

At this distance, Xu Tui could only smile. If the four Transmutation Realm experts were only 300 meters away from him, Xu Tui would be the one crying.

A sword light flashed.

This time, Xu Tui did not even use his mental hammer. The sword light that he had activated to the extreme forcefully shattered the thick energy shield that one of the Transmutation Realm experts was holding against. It pierced through his energy core again.

Yin Wushu was shocked and instantly reacted. “Quick, approach at full speed!”

Xu Tui sneered when he heard that. It was too late. The flying sword attacked again. The huge Mechanical Spirit Race’s Transmutation Realm cultivator was simply a live target for Xu Tui at this distance.

In less than two seconds. five Transmutation Realm experts had been reduced to two. Yin Wushu felt like he was going crazy.

Was the person opposite him at the Transmutation Realm? He felt that even a quasi-planetary was not that terrifying, right?

Yin Wushu was afraid after hesitating for a moment. He was not that brave. He was afraid of death!

Silently, Yin Wushu instantly turned around and headed straight for the base. There were still a few fighter jets in the base that could allow him to escape. He did not have any confidence in defending against a freak whose combat strength was comparable to a quasi-planet and a true quasi-planet.

The person who was abandoned was none other than Yin Jiulong, who had been commanded to deal with Xu Tui.

Yin Liulong, who was charging forward, was instantly stunned when he saw Yin Wushu turn around and escape.

Dear Commander, can you be any more shameless? If you want to escape, we can escape together.

Yin Wushu’s actions were clearly asking him to continue attracting the firepower and fight for a chance for him to escape. It had to be said that the situation had changed too quickly.

A few seconds ago, Yin Wushu was still confidently prepared to destroy this Transmutation Realm expert before surrounding and annihilating the quasi-planetary expert.

But now, he had to use his subordinates to attract firepower and escape alone.

Looking at the silver light that was shooting over, Yin Liulong roared in anger and despair, “I surrender! Don’t kill me!”

Xu Tui was stunned.

An expert from the Mechanical Spirit Race had such a move? It was a good thing that someone had surrendered.

At the critical moment, Xu Tui stopped. The flying sword sank slightly. After exploding Yin Liulong’s energy shield, it passed through his shoulder and blasted out a huge hole. However, Yin Liulong’s energy core was not there.

“Since you’ve surrendered, you have to have a posture of surrender.” Xu Tui shouted coldly. He instantiated the Earth Spike Cage and threw out another drop of water while he was trapping Yin Liulong. It turned into a Water Attraction Technique and pulled Yin Liulong, who was trapped in the Earth Spike Cage, to his side.

Yin Liulong, who had been captured, was also extremely indignant. “Sir, the one who escaped is our commander. You have to kill him!”

Xu Tui was stunned. Commander?

The commander of the Mechanical Spirit Race here could not be killed. The value of him being a captive was even greater.

Yin Wushu, who was escaping in a hurry, was also stunned when he heard Yin Jiulong’s words. “You traitor, how dare you betray me!”

“You betrayed me first!”

While the two of them were arguing, Xu Tui had already thrown out an earth-element Origin Crystal. It turned into a multidimensional flying sword and slashed at Yin Wushu.

Yin Wushu was shocked when he saw the flying sword slashing over. He pushed his arms forward and turned them into a huge shield that swayed with the energy shield, protecting his body.

Xu Tui sneered.

The Multi-Dimensional Sword struck the large Shield. The huge impact forced Yin Wushu to retreat continuously. There was also a mental power attack that made Yin Wushu very uncomfortable.

However, the shield did not break.

This made Yin Wushu very happy. He blocked this terrifying flying sword. However, before Yin Wushu could be happy, a strong energy fluctuation suddenly entered his body.

Twelve slender earth spikes suddenly appeared in the energy barrier where he had used the huge shield as a structural point. They pierced into various parts

of his body and instantly locked him up like a chain.

Energy Teleportation in the quantum entanglement state!

Xu Tui turned the last sword of the Multi-Dimensional Sword into the Earth Spike Technique and used Energy Teleportation to enter Yin Wushu’s protective shield.

Yin Wushu was shocked.

In an instant, he wanted to escape with the talent of the Mechanical Spirit Race to change their forms. However, in the next moment, his head hurt and his mental body trembled.

In the next second, when his mental body recovered from the shock and opened his eyes, he saw Xu Tui floating 100 meters in front of him. A thick and long earth spike had entered his body at some point and was pointing straight at his energy core.

It was only a centimeter away from his energy core. As long as he made any abnormal movements, this earth spike would immediately pierce through his energy core.

Yin Wushu was stunned!

What kind of god was he to be able to instantly lock onto his energy core? No wonder the Transmutation Realm experts from before were instantly killed.

It had to be known that under normal circumstances, the Mechanical Spirit Race was actually very difficult to kill. There was no such thing as a vital point in their limbs unless their energy cores were injured.

However, the Mechanical Spirit Race had protected the weakness of the energy core very well. They had several pseudo-energy cores in their bodies to confuse the enemy.

Many people thought that they had found their weakness. They attacked, but nothing happened to the Mechanical Spirit Race and they were killed.

However, why could Xu Tui lock onto his energy core so clearly?

Behind Xu Tui, Yin Liulong, who was also restrained by the earth spikes, was staring at Yin Wushu and sneering.

“You traitor!” Yin Wushu was furious.

If Yin Liulong had not taken the initiative to mention his identity to Xu Tui, he might have succeeded in escaping. He wished he could kill Yin Liulong on the spot.

“You’re not much better. You’re a Mechanical Spirit scum who abandoned his comrades to attract firepower!” Yin Liulong was not afraid at all.

It was a matter of life and death. There was nothing to hide.

Xu Tui was speechless. From this point alone, there was a reason why the Mechanical Spirit Race was controlled by the Spiritual Race and became a vassal race.

“Yin Wushu, order all the Mechanical Spirits in the base to surrender!” Xu Tui ordered coldly. “If you don’t want to die.”

Xu Tui’s Spiritual Resonance had already silently invaded Yin Wushu’s body. He had already activated advanced hypnosis, spiritual radiation, and spiritual concealment.

Xu Tui was already prepared. If Yin Wushu resisted and did not give the order, he would get Yin Wushu to order everyone in the base to surrender through hypnosis and spiritual influence.

However, the situation was beyond Xu Tui’s expectations. Without any hesitation, Yin Wushu, who had just been captured, was given the order to surrender to the base of Spirit I as a commander.

At the same time, he removed the base’s active defense armament. In less than a minute, hundreds of Mechanical Spirits in the base lined up and walked out of the base in a surrendered manner.

Of course, there were exceptions.

For example, Yin Wushu’s adjutant, who had been dismissed, had fled with more than a dozen Mechanical Spirits.

However, just as he escaped from the entrance of the base, Xu Tui’s flying sword flashed with silver light. In just a second, it was completely killed.

This method shocked the Mechanical Spirits who were queuing to surrender.

They did not dare to move.

Xu Tui was indescribably shocked. He had captured more than 150 Mechanical Spirits and two Transmutation Realm experts alone. Was he the God of War? Was it that easy to capture a fellow from the Mechanical Spirit Race?

In the previous defense battle between the Moon and Mars, most of the combatants of the Spiritual Race had been captured after being knocked out. Their battle resistance was extremely strong.

However, the Mechanical Spirit Race…

“Your Mechanical Spirit Race seems to be very willing to surrender?” Xu Tui, who was a little confused, asked Yin Liulong, who was the first to take the initiative to surrender. @@novelbin@@

“Sir, this is very normal. Everything is for survival,” Yin Liulong replied.

“Everything is for survival? Don’t you have faith or anything to protect? Bloodline? Inheritance? Feelings? Or a sense of belonging to the race?” Xu Tui asked again.

“The belief of the Mechanical Spirit Race is survival! Ever since I can remember, we only have one goal. We want to live! As for the bloodline and inheritance that Sir mentioned, I understand. However, we don’t have any of those. I don’t know how a new life in our race was born.

“However, in my memory, I started with having a very powerful body and slowly became stronger. In my previous memories, there were only battles. I kept growing while in combat. A sense of belonging? I don’t know what this is, but what we’re most afraid of is entering the fusion furnace. We can’t make a big mistake!

“Living is our faith.”

Yin Liulong suddenly felt a little emotional. Xu Tui was a little stunned when he heard this, but he quickly understood.

Faith was living, it was survival. Their decisive surrender was completely understandable. As for the rest, it was understandable.

He could not even control the life and death of his own clansmen. Even the strongest planetary powerhouse was enslaved by the Spiritual Race. He could not find a powerful reason for these Mechanical Spirits to die for him.

“Lavis, can you be any slower?” Xu Tui was very dissatisfied as he looked at Lavis fighting the Mechanical Spirit Race’s disc-shaped fighter jet in the distance.

A minute passed. Although Lavis had successfully protected Ah Huang’s remaining fleet, he had only killed five disc-shaped fighter jets.

The disc-shaped fighter jet of the Mechanical Spirit Race was extremely fast. It was even more agile than the Aerospace Combat Jet of the Blue Star. Although it would definitely be destroyed in one strike, it was still extremely difficult to deal with after being given speed space.

Hearing Xu Tui’s voice and seeing the situation below, Lavis had a smile on his face. However, he felt extremely sad.

Dear Xu was still alive. Not only was he alive, but he had also won! Trash from the Mechanical Spirit Race! Lavis spat. He was depressed!

“Sir, actually, I can recall these fighter jets as a commander,” Yin Wushu suddenly said, showing some emotion.

“Then recall them.”

Thirty seconds later, the remaining seven disc-shaped fighter jets were recalled. They waited for Xu Tui to deal with them after they landed and deactivated their power.

Lavis looked confused.

Xu Tui looked at Yin Wushu, Yin Liulong, and the 150-odd surrendered captives of the Mechanical Spirit Race in front of him. He had a headache.

It was not easy to deal with so many captives.

Xu Tui suddenly understood why the seniors had tricked and killed the captives. It would save him a lot of trouble..