Chapter 1091 - Chapter 1091: Selling Himself And Selling Him Out (1)

Chapter 1091: Selling Himself and Selling Him Out (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, I thought I would never see you again!”

The 1.5 -meter-tall Ah Huang jumped off the supply ship and pounced toward Xu Tui. It hugged Xu Tui tightly. Xu Tui was a little confused.

This… did not seem appropriate, right?

Xu Tui felt a little awkward. He did not know if he should be hugged or break free. Xu Tui was afraid that he would hurt Ah Huang’s newly formed self-esteem if he broke free, so he could only choose not to struggle and feel awkward.

“It’s only been a few days.”

“This is the first time we parted ways, alright? We almost parted forever.” Ah Huang’s words made Xu Tui even more awkward. Fortunately, An Xiaoxue was not around. If An Xiaoxue had heard this, she would have thought that something had happened. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui felt that he could give Ah Huang an additional label. Emotional barrier. It was an advanced artificial intelligence with a spirit that did not understand human senses.

“That’s right. We almost parted forever.”

Another voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. Tri Ling Ding had a tentacle on its head and flapped a pair of small metal wings. It flew in front of Xu Tui. It actually had the ability to move?

“What are you doing?” Xu Tui looked at Tri Ling Ding’s new appearance and was a little puzzled.

“Life is endless, and evolution is endless. I think that I might be able to change the evolution direction of our Ling Clan.”

Tri Ling Ding explained and complained to Xu Tui, “Boss, I was so close. I was really so close. This emotionless lunatic was about to bury me in an uninhabited starry sky. I was so close to goodbye.

“It’s best not to put me with this emotionless lunatic in the future.” Tri Ling Ding looked at Ah Huang angrily.

Ah Huang then stood up from Xu Tui’s arms. “Honestly carrying out Master’s every order is my destiny. Who asked you not to be able to locate Xu Tui’s location after so long?

After saying that, Ah Huang shrank its body and enveloped the communication device on Xu Tui’s wrist. It turned itself into a large communication device.

A minute later, Ah Huang fell from Xu Tui’s wrist and returned to its human form. However, Xu Tui sensed some information about Ah Huang on his communication device.

“This is?”

“This is how I’ve been trying out the new changes and abilities of my body after I separated from you these few days, including the intelligent split control of the main program. This is how I control these fighter jets.

“I felt that I could easily clone myself. My main body is in human form now. My clone is on your wrist, but my main program can enter your communication device at any time. As long as it’s within a certain range, I’ll be online at any time to give you top-notch computing power support,” Ah Huang said.

This made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. After letting Ah Huang be independent for a few days, this guy had grown very quickly. She actually started to dig and explore the changes in her body.

This made Xu Tui very happy.

However, this was very normal. Ah Huang had always been a top-notch advanced artificial intelligence. After Xu Tui strengthened it many times, the main program’s computing power kept strengthening. The formation of a spirit caused a qualitative change.

However, up until now, Xu Tui did not understand how the red fire slip could make Ah Huang form a spirit.

“Then I’ll leave this base to you?” Xu Tui asked.

“The Mechanical Spirit Race’s base? Ten minutes.” With that, Ah Huang skipped away happily.

Xu Tui only took a glance before Tri Ling Ding obediently shrunk its body and turned into a small octagonal pendant with wings and an antenna on its head. It hung at the waist of Xu Tui’s combat uniform.

The energy in this fellow’s body was very strong. He must have cheated a lot of energy from Ah Huang over the past few days. However, Xu Tui did not mind. There were no fish in the clear water. It did not matter if he let this guy be greedy.

If he really made a mistake one day, he would explode it.

Lavis looked at Xu Tui from the side. He had a faint smile on his face, but he wanted to send a few planetary experts to kill Xu Tui.

A quasi-planetary attendant stood behind Xu Tui. Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong, who had just surrendered, including the group of Mechanical Spirit captives, were all trembling in fear.

This was because they understood that the time had come to determine their fate.

In a cosmic war, the fate of captives was always unpredictable.

“To be honest, I admire your surrender. However, there’s a difficult problem in front of me now. Different races, different beliefs, and different ideals. I can’t trust you. However, on account of your surrender just now, I can give you a way out. I’ll give anyone who can provide me with valuable information a

disc-shaped fighter jet and give them their freedom,” Xu Tui said.

Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong’s huge electronic eyes flickered. The emotions that the mental body fed Xu Tui were not joyful. Instead, they were nervous and afraid.

This puzzled Xu Tui.

“Sir, are you saying that you’ll let us go as long as we provide valuable information?”

“That’s right. Freedom is not what you want?”

In the next moment, a scene that shocked Xu Tui appeared. Yin Wushu, Yin Liulong, and the other 154 captives of the Mechanical Spirit Race shook their heads at the same time.

“What do you mean?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“Sir, if you exile us, it will be no different from me killing us,” Yin Wushu said.

“I don’t understand?”

“Sir, because Planet Spirit and Spirit I were lost, as well as because we surrendered on the spot, we can no longer return to the Mechanical Spirit Race. The Spiritual Race would not want us.

“In the vast universe, the few of us in the Transmutation Realm and the Evolution Realm would wander in space. Other than death, there would be no other outcome..”