Chapter 1093 - Chapter 1093: Resolving The Hidden Danger And Going Home (1)

Chapter 1093: Resolving the Hidden Danger and Going Home (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Yin Liulong and Yin Wushu fought to show Xu Tui their loyalty, but they brought Xu Tui extremely important information.

Due to the capture of Planet Spirit, the Mechanical Spirit Race had two planetary experts to support them in solving the problem of Planet Spirit.

This was not surprising.

They had already deduced this during the previous meeting. The Mechanical Spirit Race had reinforcements. There might be two to three or even four planetary experts.

However, Yanzi’s analysis was more accurate.

The higher-ups of the Mechanical Spirit Race were more heavily controlled by the Spiritual Race, and the Planet Spirit was a private job of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Therefore, the experts that the Mechanical Spirit Race could send were very limited.

There were only two planetary experts who could come.

To be honest, Xu Tui would definitely choose to escape immediately if three planetary experts came. In any case, Ah Huang had returned. Even if there were only two Aerospace Combat Jets and a supply ship left in the fleet, it was enough for them to escape.

He would have to make a choice if two planetary experts were to come.

With the current strength of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, the probability of winning if they fought two planetary realms and several quasi-planets head-on was very small. Even if they could win, it would be a pyrrhic victory.

However, Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong revealed an important piece of information.

The two planetary powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race who had come to help arrived at different locations.

This was an opportunity for Xu Tui to set up a battle strategy. It was still very difficult for the Worldly Pioneer Raiders to defeat a Planetary expert and two to three quasi-planetary experts. Two to three quasi-planetary experts had combat strength comparable to a Planetary realm expert. They might even be stronger.

However, it would be different if they could set it up in advance. @@novelbin@@

“Have you spread the news of the attack on Spirit I’s base?” This was an extremely important information point.

“No.” This time, it was Yin Wushu who answered. “When I noticed the quasi-planetary attack, my adjutant wanted me to ask for help, but he was dismissed by me.”

“Where’s your adjutant?” “You killed him when he escaped with my men.”

Xu Tui looked at Ah Huang.

The intelligent lifeforms could lie, but the command center of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Spirit I would not lie. Any operating records would be faithfully recorded by the quantum computer in their command center.

“There are no contact records with the outside world,” Ah Huang confirmed.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that.

“Are you sure that your Elder Yin Ba will arrive in nine days? Elder Yin Qi will arrive in 11 days?” Xu Tui asked.

“This is just an estimate that the elders discovered previously. There will definitely be changes on the road. They might arrive early or later. However, don’t worry, Sir. According to the agreement, we have to contact the two elders every three days.” Yin Wushu, the commander, was better at this. Yin Liulong could only stare.

“BV the wav, Master, vou should have the abilitv to deal with the two elders, right?” Yin Wushu and Yin Liuulong stared at Xu Tui at the same time. Their blinking electronic eyes were filled with nervousness.

They would be in deep trouble if Xu Tui and the others could not deal with them.

“I can!” Xu Tui gave an affirmative answer. “However, we hope to kill them with the least losses and effort. Therefore, I might need your cooperation when the time comes.” Xu Tui, who had a preliminary idea, first gave the two defectors confidence.

“That’s good.” Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong were relieved.

“I have a question. What do you think if I let you participate in the battle?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong looked at each other. The emotions transmitted to Xu Tui through the spiritual resonance were nervousness and fear.

“There’s no problem with fighting our own kind! However, if we attack the elders, we probably won’t be able to unleash the power we have. We might even be instantly killed by them! If possible, we’re saying that if possible, Sir, you’d better not let us participate in the battle with the two elders,” Yin Wushu and

Yin Liulong expressed their stance.

“Don’t worry. I’m a very good person to my own people.”

At the side, Lavis’ heart skipped a beat when he heard this.

Three hours later, not only did Ah Huang control the entire base of Spirit I, but it also took over the strong magnetic field base on Spirit I. At the same time, they used the materials they had ready-made to produce more than 100 third-generation Silver Rings. They began to implant them on the spot.

The Mechanical Spirit Race’s control silver ring had to be placed on the energy core. Otherwise, it would be ineffective.

Yin Liulong, who was at a disadvantage in terms of showing his loyalty, took the initiative to explain this. The implantation surgery of the Mechanical Spirit Race was actually very simple. They just had to change their size, install it, and activate it. It was very fast.

Among the captives, other than the two Transmutation Realm experts, Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong, there were also 30 Evolution Realm experts. The rest were all low-level Mechanical Spirits at the Mutation Realm.

Xu Tui’s way of dealing with the situation was very simple.

Yin Wushu and Yin Liulong were appointed as the captains of the Special Combat Team One and the Special Combat Team Two respectively. The two of them would each bring half of the captives.

Based on the current situation, the two Mechanical Spirits did not see eye to eye with each other. They had the effect of supervising each other. With the support of the Control Silver Ring, there should not be any problems.

Of course, Xu Tui would not be careless. He still had safe methods.

As they had to receive and contact Yin Qi and Yin Ba, they had to stay on Spirit

However, the controller of the Spirit I’s base had already become Ah Huang. At the same time, the control program of their silver ring had also been rewritten by Ah Huang..