Chapter 1100 - Chapter 1100: Distribution And Enemy Change (1)

Chapter 1100: Distribution and Enemy Change (1) @@novelbin@@

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui would have used most of the silver spiritual boxes he had obtained this time.

However, Xu Tui had absorbed a lot in the past. Even if he absorbed all the spiritual power in the silver spiritual boxes, the increase was not great since the fluctuations of his mental body, which had already reached the standard of a planetary powerhouse.

More importantly, Xu Tui could only take 20% of the power that he absorbed from the silver spiritual boxes. Now that they were facing life and death, it would be suitable if the power in these silver spiritual boxes could increase the strength of this team in a short period of time.

“I’m going to see Miss Bu.”

Xu Tui thought about it and hugged An Xiaoxue. He then left the room to look for Bu Qingqiu.

Bu Qingqiu avoided the first battle between Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue. Sje found a quiet room and cultivated by herself.

To the cultivators of the School of General Senses, the original quantum frequency of every planet’s cultivation was different. They needed to carefully sense and accumulate it before they could break through.

Bu Qingqiu felt a little unnatural when she saw Xu Tui’s refreshed expression. However, she did not stop talking. “You’re newlyweds. Why are you looking for me? Aren’t you going to accompany Xiaoxue?”

“We can only be together for a longer time after we deal with this crisis. Miss Bu, I have a question. I want to know how far you are from breaking through to the planetary realm,” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Break through to the Planetary realm?” Bu Qingqiu revealed a thoughtful expression. “I’ve been in the quasi-planetary realm for eight years. I’m not too far from the planetary realm, but I’m not too close either!

“Moreover, some people might break through in an instant after they have accumulated and comprehended it. Some people will not be able to take that step even if they feel that their cultivation has reached it until their lifespan is exhausted.”

“What about you?” Xu Tui asked again.

“I don’t know. Not many people can answer this question. If someone could answer you, there wouldn’t be so few planetary powerhouses on the Blue Star,” Bu Qingqiu said.

Xu Tui did not get a hopeful answer, but he still took out the Silver Spirit Box and handed one over to Bu Qingqiu. “Miss Bu, take a look at this. Absorb the power inside. Is it helpful to you?”

Bu Qingqiu took the silver box skeptically. She slowly probed it with her mind power. After trying for ten seconds, she instantly raised her head and looked at Xu Tui. She had a shocked expression. Even her lips trembled the moment she spoke. “This… This thing can increase mind power?

“It’s more than that. You can experience it again. Don’t worry and absorb it,” Xu Tui said.

“You really want me to absorb it without worry?” Bu Qingqiu was a little surprised.

“Yes. You are the strongest combatant in our group now. Who else can I nurture but you?” Xu Tui smiled.

“Isn’t it the same for Lavis?”

“Those who are not of our race will definitely have different intentions. Even if I want to nurture him with all my might, I have to wait until I have the strength to deal with him easily before nurturing him,” Xu Tui said.

Of course, Lavis was not here and could not hear that. But it did not matter if he did.

“I’m very relieved that you have such thoughts.”

After saying that, Bu Qingqiu began to absorb the power in the spiritual box with all her might in front of Xu Tui. She absorbed it very quickly. She finished absorbing it 20 minutes later.

Bu Qingqiu, who had opened her eyes, looked at Xu Tui in surprise. “What exactly is this thing? It’s really magical! I feel that it only increases a small portion of my mind power. Its true function is to strengthen my mental body.

“It was an extremely comprehensive enhancement to me. It increased all of my abilities, including my mental perception and even my connection with the original quantum frequency of this world. “What exactly is this thing called?” “Silver Spirit Box!”

Bu Qingqiu’s feelings were correct.

The first time one absorbed the Silver Spirit Box, they felt that it had increased their mind power, but it had actually increased the mental body.

The improvement of a person’s mental body was heroic.

For example, cultivation speed, the speed at which the energy in his body was mobilized, the power of his abilities, mind power, and so on.

For example, it was like a medicinal pill. On the surface, it looked like it enhanced this person’s physical strength, but in reality, if one experienced it carefully, it was an overall enhancement to this person’s body from the inside out.

“Miss Bu, how much is the increment of the Silver Spirit Box to you? Can it help you break through to the planetary realm?” Xu Tui asked.

After thinking carefully for a few minutes, Bu Qingqiu shook her head and said, “I don’t know if it can help me break through to the Planetary realm! There’s a high chance that it won’t, but it can indeed increase my strength. I feel that just this one just now has increased my strength by nearly half.”

“Since you’re not sure if you can advance to the Planetary realm, yet it can increase your strength, then continue.” As he spoke, Xu Tui handed Bu Qingqiu a silver spiritual box.

“You have more?” Bu Qingqiu was shocked.

As Xu Tui nodded, Bu Qingqiu said, “Xu Tui, with my knowledge as a quasi-planet, this thing can be said to be a priceless treasure. You’re giving it to me just like that? Do you trust me that much?”

“You risk your life to be here with me, what else could I not trust?”

“Aren’t you going to use one yourself?”

“Let’s increase your strength first. Only when your strength increases will we, those of us who are far away from home, feel safer! At the very least, we won’t be facing the risk of a disaster when a planetary realm comes,” Xu Tui said. “Alright, just based on your words, I have to risk it! If a planetary realm really attacks in the future, I have to give you a way out..”