Chapter 1308 - 1308: Opportunity And Choice

Chapter 1308: Opportunity and Choice

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment blood -colored ripples appeared on the white rock, it seemed to have come to life and quickly surged upward. The rock instantly turned into something that looked like bubbles. It quickly surged and followed Xu Tui’s right hand to devour him.

An indescribably strange sensation was transmitted over from Xu Tui’s devoured arm. It felt as if he had touched a few molluscs.

Even Xu Tui could not help but exclaim.

An Xiaoxue became anxious. She instantly became extremely nervous. An Xiaoxue saw that Xu Tui was about to be devoured by the monster-shaped rock. He even let out a cry of pain. Almost instinctively, An Xiaoxue’s mind power fluctuations were activated to the extreme at this moment. An Xiaoxue instantly slashed out with her full strength.

An Xiaoxue’s right eye turned silver and snow-white. Her entire right eye was so silver that it was glowing. As she slashed out with the Dimensional Slash, faint cracks appeared in the space around the rock.

The bubble-like rock seemed to have been cut at this moment. However, there was nothing unusual. The speed at which the foam-like rocks devoured Xu Tui did not change at all.

In the next moment, an indescribable backlash surged over. An Xiaoxue felt as if her mental body had been hit by a Dimensional Slash. In an instant, she was in so much pain that she was about to split open. Blood spurted out of her seven orifices at the same time.

“Xiaoxue! Don’t attack it!” Xu Tui shouted. At this moment, the bubble-like rocks had already devoured Xu Tui’s entire right arm. They began to surge toward his entire body along his right arm.

Xu Tui tried to struggle, but it was useless. Both the energy field and mind power were useless against the rocks that were gushing out of the bubble. However, the reason why Xu Tui shouted at An Xiaoxue to not attack it was the feedback his spiritual resonance gave him.

Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance ability had also been cultivated to a perfect internal circulation. Recently, he had been holding it in to see if he could produce any strange abilities.

He had vet to produce anv. However, the abilitv of spiritual resonance had greatly increased. At this moment, the bubble-like rock actually reacted to Xu Tui’s passive spiritual resonance. It gave Xu Tui an emotion that only living beings had.

There was no malice! It was actually a little careful.

Was this rock alive? Many thoughts flashed through Xu Tui’s mind. At the same time, a familiar feeling welled up in his heart. This feeling had also appeared when he opened the door on the resource planet.

It was where Xu Tui had obtained the God Slaying Sword.

Xu Tui suddenly came to a realization. It was almost an instinctive reaction. Xu Tui instantly pulled An Xiaoxue, who had been sent bleeding from her seven orifices because she had attacked the rock, over.

Hand in hand!

As the rock bubble covered Xu Tui’s body, it became larger and faster. It covered his entire body, including his head, in almost a second. Because Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were holding hands, the rock bubble also covered An Xiaoxue.

However, the moment it covered An Xiaoxue’s arm, it stopped for a second. In this second, An Xiaoxue also felt a pain in his left hand, as if she had been stabbed by something. Then, the rock foam that was emitting blood-colored ripples quickly surged towards An Xiaoxue. In less than two seconds, it completely covered An Xiaoxue.

Almost at the same time that An Xiaoxue was completely covered, An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui disappeared into the rock bubble. In just an instant, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue fell out of the rock bubble at the same time. However, the place they fell out of was a space filled with green light.

He could not tell where it was. It was just a green light. The space was not big. It was only 100 square meters. It looked like a long corridor. There were eight jade futons with very smooth colors in the corridor.

However, there was a faint light above six of the jade futons.

“Xiaoxue, how are your injuries?” Xu Tui was immediately concerned about An Xiaoxue’s previous injuries.

An Xiaoxue cleaned up the blood and shook her head gently. “I’m much better now. My mental body suffered a backlash just now and my head hurts.

The backlash of this rock was very powerful, but it seemed to have a certain sense of propriety. However, I felt that if I attacked it continuously, the backlash would cause my mental body to shatter.

“This place is very strange. You have to be careful,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Hmph, you’re not too stupid. You can still tell that I have a sense of propriety.

Not bad.” A slightly childish voice suddenly sounded in this green space. An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui’s expressions changed. They looked at each other. Their mind power swept out at the same time and they searched carefully.

Someone was there!

However, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue scanned the area with their mind power several times, but they did not gain anything.

“It would be strange if you could find me here.” The young voice sounded again.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue looked at each other in shock. Putting An Xiaoxue aside, Xu Tui’s mind power main planet was a five-stars halo. It was equivalent to a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

In other words, even a Planetary realm powerhouse would not be able to discover the young voice in front of him.

How strong was he? Or was there something else here?

“Then where are you?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“I’m not telling you!”

“Then tell me,” Xu Tui replied.

“Tsk, do you think I’m a child? In terms of age, I’m much older than you.”

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were stunned. He was older than them. Old monster? However, it was a child’s voice.

“I’m not an old monster!” the child’s voice shouted. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue looked at each other in shock again. This guy was really an old monster. He

actually knew what they were thinking. Both Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had strong mind power.

“This is my territory, and you’re stupid enough to spread out your mind power. If you don’t restrain yourself, it’ll be difficult for me not to know,” the child said.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had awkward expressions. They wanted to use their mind power to find this guy and explore their situation. However, they did not expect him to see through their thoughts.

It was really a little…

Since they could not find it, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue quickly retracted their mind power and restrained their mental bodies. They could not find the other party, nor could they let the other party spy on their thoughts.

“Then where is this?” Xu Tui asked.

Xu Tui was stunned when the child’s voice did not reply.

“Little kid, how should I address you?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Although I’m not a child, I like to be called a kid! However, those who know me call me Little Six.”

The child’s voice replied to An Xiaoxue, but Xu Tui had an awkward expression. He understood a little. An Xiaoxue had a smoother time communicating with Little Six. Did this guy like being polite, or did he like beautiful women?

“Little Six, can you tell us what this place is?”

“This place shouldn’t have a name. Little Six’s nest?” The child’s voice hesitated for a moment. “However, the people who have been here before call this place the Origin Domain Space.”

“Little Six, what is an Origin Domain Space?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Origin domain space? Actually, it’s only a temporary space. However, it exists for at most… Let me calculate. It should be 8,000 years.”

“8,000 years!”

“8,000 years?” Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue exclaimed at the same time.

That was impossible. Humans only had a few years of written history. It had only been five thousand years! How could it be 8,000 years?

“You don’t believe me? The people I came into contact with before were the same as you. They didn’t believe me! However, in the end, they all believed me. More than 8,000 years is just my record. It might take longer. Because in my memory, I was very confused and had no memories for a period of time,” Little Six said.

“Origin domain space, temporary space, what’s going on? Why did we come in? Why did I feel like my blood had been taken when I came in? You verified my identity in some way? Or was there another reason? Why do I feel a sense of familiarity?

Xu Tui could not take it anymore as Little Six dawdled. He threw out a series of questions. What made Xu Tui gratified was that Little Six did not ignore Xu Tui’s questions this time.

“Origin domain space. That’s all I can tell you. You can treat it as a rule. You can think of this as a temporary space. At the moment, you only have this kind of authority,” Little Six said.

“Authority?” Xu Tui frowned. “What exactly are you? Technology, not supernatural beings?”

“What do you think? Do you think technological products have to talk about data? Do supernatural beings have to keep their mouths shut? Narrow minded!”

Xu Tui was stunned. He had been reprimanded by a child. However, he was a reasonable person. Little Six’s words sounded reasonable.

“Little Six, tell me, what authority do we have?” An Xiaoxue continued.

“Authority? According to the rules of the Lord, anyone who can enter this place and pass the bloodline verification can obtain a futon.” Little Six pointed at the futon in front of the green light and said, “However, there are only two choices left. You can choose whatever you want.”

“I can choose whatever I want. Choose one out of two?” Xu Tui scanned the futons with his mind power. He could not sense any abnormalities or characteristics from the two futons. “What’s the point of choosing?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’m naturally giving you benefits.”

“What kind of benefits?” Xu Tui asked.

“That will depend on the opportunity.” Little Six’s answer was very official. Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue. “Xiaoxue, why don’t you choose first?”

An Xiaoxue did not move. Instead, she looked at the green space in front of her and said, “Little Six, do you have any good suggestions? If it’s convenient for you to say them.”

Xu Tui had thought that Little Six would not answer. However, Little Six’s smiling voice rang out. “I like what this sister says! I think that the one on your left suits you more, Sister.”

“This? What benefits?” An Xiaoxue was puzzled.

“You’ll know when you sit on it.”

“What about the one on the right? Is it suitable for him?” An Xiaoxue pointed at Xu Tui and asked.

Little Six was silent for a moment before slowly saying, “It’s alright!” Xu Tui had a depressed expression. What did he mean by alright?

“Do I have to choose?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“You can choose to leave directly! As for the others who have come into contact, they want to choose a few more!” Little Six said. “Do you choose or not?” An Xiaoxue asked Xu Tui.

“Choose!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Xu Tui took the initiative to walk toward the jade futon on the right..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1