Chapter 1303 - 1303: Resolution And Location

Chapter 1303: Resolution and Location

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At 2:30 p.m. on the 26th of March 2140 of the Blue Star Calendar, at the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s general base on Planet Kono.

Xu Tui appeared at the entrance of the general base on time. He brought four

quasi-planetary experts with him. They were Lavis, Bu Qingqiu, Yin Wushu, and Yin Liulong.

Xu Tui did not bring An Xiaoxue along this time.

Although An Xiaoxue was very strong, Xu Tui had already realized that those people had recognized An Xiaoxue as his weakness when he was ambushed by Raymont last time. Therefore, he did not bring An Xiaoxue over and did not give them any chance.

The entrance of the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s general base was heavily guarded. After all, this was the highest-level meeting on the Blue Star. They had to go through layers of security. Even the guards were one quasi-planet and four Transmutation Realm experts.

Under normal circumstances, even the extra-terrestrial people-in-charge of the various sectors would have to go through security checks. However, when Xu Tui arrived, the leader of the quasi-planets suddenly gave Xu Tui a military salute.

“Greetings, Commander Xu!” Almost at the same time, the other four Transmutation Realm experts on duty also closed their legs and saluted. This official appearance made Xu Tui a little confused.

However, Xu Tui had seen many storms. He smiled and said, “Do you know

“Commander Xu, we’ve all seen you on the battlefield on the 22nd!”

Xu Tui retracted his smile and nodded. Those who could participate in the battle that day were all warriors. “Let’s go through normal security checks.”

Xu Tui took the initiative to cooperate with the security check mainly because of his identity verification and testing. After all, at this stage, various cloning techniques were very powerful. It was very easy to impersonate someone unilaterally.

The venue was still the same.

To be precise, it was the specifications of the meeting after the Mars defense battle.

Before the Mars defense battle, only the person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial of the six alliances participated in the Blue Star Extra-terrestrial high-level meeting. Other than a Planetary realm powerhouse like Cai Shaochu, the other Planetary realm powerhouses did not have the right to vote even if they participated in the meeting.

However, it had changed after the Mars defense battle.

After the Mars defense battle, the Blue Star’s extra-terrestrial decision-making meeting was expanded to a seven-sector and one organization. At the same time, the number of participants also increased. Originally, only the person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial had the right to vote and make a decision. However, after the Mars defense battle, there was an additional Planetary realm powerhouse among the candidates for the decision-making meeting.

This Planetary realm powerhouse had the right to vote.

This meant that ever since the Mars defense battle, the right to speak of Planetary realm powerhouses in the extra-terrestrial affairs of the Blue Star had been multiplied. They had already entered the range of the person-in-charge.

To a certain extent, Shamera’s rebellion back then was actually for this day.

However, Old Sha had failed. Or rather, Old Sha’s rebellion was a test.

Now, with the rapid expansion of the Blue Star Humans in the extra-terrestrial, the importance of the combat strength of Planetary realm powerhouses has multiplied. Their right to speak and importance had been raised step by step.

But then again, according to Xu Tui’s face-to-face communication with Wei Bin before he came, the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization are going to completely clarify the nature and status of the pioneer raiders and the many remaining problems under Wei Bin’s request.

Other than Wei Bin’s efforts, the most important thing was that the strength that Xu Tui had displayed during the 322 Muyas’ attack had frightened them.

Moreover, Xu Tui had also taken the opportunity to cooperate and kill the other two Muya Planetary realm experts. There were a total of 12 quasi-planetary experts who had cooperated with Xu Tui to kill the captives.

In the end, they were still alive and counter attacking under the continuous attacks of the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Muya Clan.

This was proven by the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star. Even the third-in-command Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star were injured on the spot under Darak’s attack. They could only escape.

On the other hand, Xu Tui could also cooperate with Raymont to injure the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak.

The experts of the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization had personally witnessed all of these battle results. Therefore, they had to take Xu Tui seriously.

Previously, they had mostly treated Xu Tui’s force as a mercenary or a wandering army. In terms of strength, Xu Tui could threaten the Planetary realm. However, he only had two very ordinary Planetary realm experts under him.

This was not worth mentioning in the eyes of the seven sectors and one organization.

However, after the battle of 322, the strength that Xu Tui had displayed had refreshed their understanding.

Therefore, they had to face it head-on. Their evaluation of Xu Tui had already raised his ability to the point where he could affect or even fight against Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. This was when he was holding back.

When he stepped into the venue again, Xu Tui saw the familiar old face. Other than the person-in-charge of the organization, there were also familiar

Planetary realm powerhouses. Old Cai, Itavi, that old thief, Haren, Augusto,

Raymont, and so on.

However, Ruan Tianzuo was not present.

Ruan Tianzuo was very strong. However, because of Cai Shaochu’s reputation and reasons, Ruan Tianzuo was not qualified to participate in this meeting.

Xu Tui guessed that Ruan Tianzuo might have other thoughts. After all, as long as Cai Shaochu was around, he would be able to suppress him in the Huaxia Sector.

Xu Tui’s gaze first swept past the seats in the venue. As expected, he did not find his name tag at the seats in the meeting. Wei Bin looked over and pointed at the seat beside him. Xu Tui’s name tag was beside Wei Bin, in the main seat.

Wei Bin participated in the meeting with injuries. Some of the others, such as Cai Shaochu, Haren, and the others, participated in the meeting through a virtual projection.

Xu Tui sat down after greeting them one by one. At this point, he was certain. There were some things that had been decided before the meeting. The meeting was just a formality. There should be everything that the Worldly Pioneer Raiders should have today.

The meeting was still chaired by Raymont. The first agenda of the meeting was naturally the summary of the Battle of 322.

At the same time, they mourned for the victims of the Battle of 322 for three minutes. The losses on the Blue Star, be it Planetary realm, quasi-planetary realm, or Transmutation realm, were still acceptable even though many people had died in battle.

The greatest casualties were the immigrants who had come from the Blue Star in the past year.

These were all elites of the Blue Star.

The Huaxia Sector had the least deaths in battle. There were a total of 5,931 deaths and disappearances. The India Sector had the most casualties, with 14,377 deaths and disappearances. The other sectors had about 8,000 to 10,000.

in this battle. more than 80.000 immigrants from the Blue Star were killed-

This was the most fatal battle since the Blue Star stepped into the extra-terrestrial. In this meeting, the Muya Clan were defined as extremely dangerous. After a few agendas, the nature of the pioneer raiders was officially put on the agenda.

Before he read the agenda, Raymont glanced at Xu Tui. Xu Tui looked at him calmly.

There were no surprises.

At this meeting, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders were officially designated as an independent organization of the Blue Star’s extra- terrestrial. Outside the Blue Star, they could have many rights, such as a base. At the same time, they could obtain the right to vote in the decision-making meeting. They only had one vote.

Correspondingly, the meeting also hoped that Xu Tui could establish contact with the other organizations on the Blue Star as soon as possible and establish an emergency rescue mechanism.

For example, Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders would be able to enter the emergency support sequence if the Muya Clan attacked again.

This was very important.

Currently, under unexpected circumstances, only one Planetary realm powerhouse could come through a quantum teleportation channel. If Xu Tui established an emergency mechanism, he would be able to send a Planetary realm expert to support them immediately.

At the same time, Xu Tui was only a quasi-planet. In reality, the forces that Xu Tui could provide support with were very powerful.

If Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders had been informed and came to help immediately during the Battle of 322, the losses might have been much smaller.

Xu Tui had discussed this with Wei Bin before he came.

The thoughts of the other organizations on the Blue Star were that they wanted to establish a multi-directional three-dimensional connection with Planet Liuxia. They also wanted to establish a quantum teleportation channel with Planet Liuxia.

For example, Mars, Planet Liuxia, Planet Kono, Planet Spirit, and so on. Of course, Xu Tui had to be the one to produce the quantum array core.

Xu Tui clearly rejected this. His small body could not withstand a scheme. Currently, he planned to only expand the communication window of the planet under his command to the Huaxia Sector.

However, Xu Tui had other thoughts about the quantum array core.

“Everyone, since you have recognized the Worldly Pioneer Raiders as an independent organization, should we settle the matter of the location of our Worldly Pioneer Raiders’ general base today?” Xu Tui made a clear request as soon as the meeting ended.

This request made Raymont feel a little uncomfortable. Actually, Xu Tui deserved this after he captured Planet Kono. However, he had stopped it.

But Raymont was also experienced. He continued and smiled. “That’s good. You can choose a location on the spot today. The people-in -charge of the seven sectors and one organization are here. After you choose, you can start construction as soon as everyone passes.

However, there was one thing that I had to make clear in advance. Previously, the seven sectors and one organization had already chosen a large number of territories. The location of the remaining base was not good.

“Especially in terms of resources and minerals, they are relatively poor.”

“I don’t care about resources. I just want a place to stay.” Xu Tui had a calm expression.

Soon, Raymont projected the map of Planet Kono for Xu Tui. The red areas were all chosen.

Basically, 70% of the districts on the map had been chosen by the seven sectors and one organization. The remaining areas that had not been chosen were all relatively poor geographical environments and remote. They were far away from the center of Planet Kono.

However, there was a large empty area at the center of the map. It had a radius of about 30 kilometers.

“Here will do. The location is better. It’ll be easier for me to communicate and return to the Huaxia Sector.”

All the participants were stunned. The location that Xu Tui chose was the old location of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base on Planet Kono.

Raymont frowned. “Xu Tui, this location is currently in ruins. It will be very difficult to build it on a large scale.”

“Why should I build it on a large scale? It’s enough to have a two-story building and a courtyard to stay in! I can build on a large scale anywhere. Why should I build it on Planet Kono?” Xu Tui did not hide his vigilance against the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization.

“Alright, let’s vote.” Raymont looked helpless.

The vote was passed a minute later.

With the old location of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base as the center, the land within a radius of about 30 kilometers was allocated to the pioneer raiders. At the same time, the various sectors and the organization would establish a realm identification. No one was allowed to barge in without permission.

Of course, this also required Xu Tui’s basic arrangements.

Xu Tui was very satisfied that he had silently achieved his goal. At the same time, he threw out another piece of good news.

“By the way, everyone, I’ve made a little progress in my research on the captives of the Muya Clan. It can be said to be the reuse of waste. If you have any Muya captives who were crippled by the interrogation but are still alive, you can consider selling them to me! We can discuss the deal in person!”

The gazes of the people-in-charge immediately flickered.

This information was very valuable!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1