Chapter 1301 - 1301: The Last Research Plan On The Muya Clan

Chapter 1301: The Last Research Plan on the Muya Clan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On Planet Liuxia, Xu Tui flipped through the known information about the Muya Clan that he had obtained from many channels. However, he was looking at the eight display screens.

There were eight display screens. There were eight interrogation rooms that were absolutely soundproof and had a shielding function. Someone was busy in the interrogation room. With Yang Huai as the leader, Cui Xi, Zhao Hailong, Tao Guan, Miao Huanshan, Yan Lie, and the others were using different methods to serve the quasi-planetary of the eight captives.

The scene was very refreshing.

According to everyone’s personalities, the methods of interrogation were different. Of course, Yang Huai had taught them. Therefore, although Cui Xi and the others were new to interrogation, their methods were still very experienced.

As for the bottom line?

There was no bottom line for these alien species!

Before their interrogation, Xu Tui had tried his best to obtain information about some of the Muya Clan. There was no information about the Muya Clan in the database of the command center of the forward operating base.

Xu Tui had specially asked Lei Qian about this.

Lei Qian’s answer was that the Spiritual Race had information about the Muya Clan. However, due to certain bans, the information about the Muya Clan was not stored in the forward operating base.

“Certain bans? What ban?” Xu Tui was communicating with Lei Qian remotely.

“Commander Xu, I’m not sure about the contents of this ban. It’s considered one of the top secrets of the Spiritual Race. Only Lei Tian knows about it. Due to confidentiality and certain restrictions, Lei Tian did not mention it. I only know one key point,” Lei Qian said.

Ever since Xu Tui’s promise last time, Lei Qian has been very cooperative.

“What key point?”

“It might be related to the mechanical digital lifeform. That’s all I know! Lei Tian only mentioned it to me in a roundabout way,” Lei Qian said.

“Related to mechanical digital lifeform?”

Lei Qian’s words suddenly reminded Xu Tui of the ban that Cai Shaoqun had mentioned previously. It was only circulated among some Planetary realms and quasi-planetary realms. The core cultivation information was definitely not allowed to be recorded in the quantum computer.

Was it the same reason for the Spiritual Race?

“Ah Huang, search for the information you obtained from the command center database of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. Classify it yourself and see if there are any core and top-secret information. Is there any cultivation information?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Understood.”

Ah Huang’s computing power was extremely strong. It gave Xu Tui an answer a minute later.

“All the information we obtained from the Spiritual Race’s data center shows that there is no cultivation information for advancement. There is no information that can reach a top-secret level, much less core information related to the Spiritual Race,” Ah Huang said. Xu Tui nodded when he heard that.

That was probably the case.

The mysterious ban that Lei Qian mentioned about the Spiritual Race should be the same as the mysterious ban that Cai Shaochu and the others had mentioned. If that was the case, why would Cheng Fengxi, Cai Shaochu, and the Spiritual Race issue such a mysterious ban at the same time?

Was the threat of a mechanical digital lifeform very great?

“Then tell me all the information you know about the Muya Clan,” Xu Tui said.

Lei Qian agreed readily to this. However, she did not give Xu Tui much information.

This surprised Xu Tui.

The explanation that Lei Qian gave was very simple.

A hundred years ago, the Muya Clan had once appeared in the solar system and even fought the Spiritual Race. However, they rarely appeared after that. Therefore, the enemies of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base had never been the Muya Clan.

The Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was built nearly a hundred years ago, while Lei Tian came 60 years ago. As for Lei Qian, she came even later.

Therefore, Lei Qian did not have much information about the Muya Clan. She only knew that Planet Charon might be related to the Muya Clan and the basic characteristics of some of them. Then, Xu Tui obtained some information about the Muya Clan from Yanzi.

However, at this moment, more and more information about the Muya Clan kept gathering in Xu Tui’s hands. In addition to the results of the interrogation, An Xiaoxue also personally took action.

However, it was different when An Xiaoxue personally studied the methods of the Muya captives. Other people, such as Cui Xi, would be interrogated. The scene might be very bloody, but An Xiaoxue would conduct dissection research, including genetic sequencing.

Basically, the basic portrait of the Muya Clan was completed.

The Muya people were a very strange species. According to the genetic sequencing that An Xiaoxue had completed, the Muya people were 99.2% similar to the Blue Star humans. The lowest similarity was 98.7%.

The person with the lowest similarity was a guy with a human head and a tiger body. If he had to say that it was similar, it was a little similar to the modified humans that the Blue Star had seen earlier.

Of course, this genetic similarity did not mean that the Muya Clan were the same as the Blue Star Humans. On the Blue Star, the genetic similarity between chimpanzees and Blue Star Humans was also above 99%.

However, the chimpanzee was not human.

Secondly, the Muya Clan generally had one or two characteristics that were close to that of humans on the Blue Star. They either had hands, feet, or heads. Then, they had the characteristics of beasts that were known or unknown on the Blue Star.

Wings, long ears, beast claws, fangs, multi-armed, and even poisonous glands. There were many such characteristics.

These unique physiological characteristics brought about extremely powerful abilities to the quasi-planetary realm of the Muya Clan.

Some of them were supernatural beings, while others were from the extreme branch.

However, after a preliminary test, it was discovered that the physical characteristics of the Muya Clan had greatly enhanced their abilities, be it in the direction of supernatural beings or extremes.

When compared to the humans of the Blue Star, the Muya Clan, who had the enhancement of their physical characteristics, had the same ability. They were stronger than the humans of the Blue Star.

At the same time, based on the current physical data of the captured Muya people, the recovery speed of their bodies was at least 1.2 times that of the Blue Star humans, and at most 1.4 times.

Their recovery speed was extremely fast.

Their physical strength was even more ridiculous. The physical strength of a supernatural being like the Muya quasi-planet was about 1.3 times that of a

Blue Star human.

However, the physical strength of an Extreme Branch quasi-planetary expert was more than 1.5 times that of a Blue Star human. The highest was 1.8 times!

In other words, based on these characteristics, the Blue Star humans would definitely lose in the battle between the quasi-planetary experts of the Blue Star and the Muya Clan. In terms of overall strength, the Muya Clan was superior to the Blue Star humans.

This was not good news!

The only good news was that although the Muya Clan had all kinds of mutated characteristics, their vital points were the same as those of the Blue Star humans.

For example, the head, the heart, and so on.

Some beast characteristics would cause some of their vital points or body structure to change, but there would not be any fundamental changes. Other than that, Xu Tui and the others did not obtain much information from the Muya Clan.

For example, their leader was the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. However, the first wave of people led by Darak was only the vanguard.

After the seal was removed, the Muya Clan would continuously enter the solar system.

However, these quasi-planets did not know where the seal was or what was going on.

As for the way they escaped, they called them one of the Favor of the Holy Light.

The greatest existence within the Muya Clan was the so-called Lord! The Holy

Light of the Lord was everywhere. This Lord’s existence was the same as the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor. However, among the Muya Clan, the Lord was more holy. It was a little like a religion.

“One of the Favor of the Holy Light?”

In the hall of the command center on Planet Liuxia, Xu Tui looked at the eight holy cards placed in front of him. His mind power began to try to enter from various angles to study the holy cards.

According to the captured Muyas, they each had a holy token like this.

They would usually hold a holy token in their hands when they prayed.

When the power in the holy token reached a certain level, it could mobilize the blessing of the Holy Light through the holy token.

There were many types of holy light. Some could recover from injuries, some could recover physical strength, some could recover mind power, and some could calm the mind. Basically, they were all enhancement-type.

At the same time, the Favor of the Holy Light could also be used to deal with enemies. However, the effect of dealing with enemies was better than using it on one’s weakness.

For example, it could bring fear to the enemy, interfere with the mind, or even

However, the most powerful technique in the Favor of the Holy Light Technique was the Holy Light Teleportation.

It was the ability to retreat instantly with everyone when Darak shouted for them to retreat.

Although the ability of Holy Light Teleportation was very strong, it was not something that could be teleported immediately with a holy token. There were higher requirements to use it.

For example, you had to have the guidance of a Planetary realm or a quasi-planetary realm. For example, no matter how large the number of people moved, you had to have more than 10 holy tokens gathered.

Moreover, there had to be at least 30 days of accumulation in these 10 holy cards. Otherwise, he would not have been able to use it successfully.

“Praying is also a power? Is this the mystery of the Muya Clan?” Xu Tui frowned and pressed the call button. “Yang Huai, you’ve basically squeezed the guy you interrogated dry. Now, we will carry out the last research!”

“What research? Tell me, Commander.” Yang Huai was stunned. He had no idea what the last research was.

“Go, send the Muya captive you interrogated to the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Embodiment Center. Then, inject the Spiritual Embodiment into his body. I want to see if the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual Embodiment Center can reproduce the spirits of the Muyas,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Commander, reproduce the spirits of the Muya people?” Yang Huai froze for a moment. He immediately gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. “Commander, I like this research!” As a core member, Yang Huai also knew about the Spiritual Embodiment Center.

“Commander, I’ll send it over immediately. Do you need me to do anything else?” Yang Huai took the initiative to ask.

“Send it over and hand it over to the robot to deal with. Watch the entire process to prevent any accidents. Ah Huang will record the rest,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood!” With a smile, Yang Huai carried the Muya who had been tortured by him and quickly sent him to the Spiritual Embodiment Center.

“Ah Huang, according to the previous plan, use the Muya people to execute the last research plan!”

“Understood..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1