Chapter 1304 - 1304: In The Name Of Respect, Interfering Forcefully (1)

Chapter 1304: In the Name of Respect, Interfering Forcefully (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui immediately contacted Planet Liuxia and asked Ah Huang to load its clone program onto a robot. Then, he brought 100 second-generation dwarf robots over.

The second-generation dwarf robot was the second-generation robot of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders after Ah Huang optimized and redesigned it based on the operating data of the first- generation dwarf robot.

Compared to the first-generation robot, its performance had only increased by about 10%. The increase was not huge, but its adaptability had greatly increased.

Of course, the greatest change was that they were equipped with additional alert and armed abilities. As there were too few members in the pioneer raiders, robots could greatly solve the problem of insufficient manpower, especially the alert forces.

This vigilance was not only aimed at the possible invasion of alien species from the universe, but also at the local forces.

For example, from the beginning to the end, Xu Tui had been wary of the ant-humans. It was the same for the aboriginal races on the other planets.

At the same time, Xu Tui was also on guard against the Fission Race and most of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Although Cai Shaochu had said that they’re Xia when they enter Xia, Xu Tui still remembered that those who were not of his race would definitely have different intentions.

After the second-generation dwarf robots were being configured with light and heavy firepower, they could resist Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators in small teams. With their cooperation, the firepower blockade was also very strong.

However, in Ah Huang’s design, the most powerful thing about the second-generation dwarf robots was their vigilance. Every second-generation dwarf robot was installed with a miniature quantum radar. It could also be paired with the base’s quantum radar to form a quantum radar array. Within a certain range, they would be able to discover the invasion of Planetary realm powerhouses.

Of course, it was only in its early stages.

Ah Huang had already begun to redesign the next generation of independent robots used by the pioneer raiders.

As the planets under the pioneer raiders continued to be developed, the various mineral resources became richer. At the same time, with the support of the Huaxia Sector, Xu Tui’s production line was quickly established. Many of the restrictions on Xu Tui’s manufacturing of robots had disappeared.

For the next generation, Xu Tui and Ah Huang had to separate the robots into special classes.

For example, resource-type robots had the ability to mine and build. There were also early warning combat robots. They prioritized early warning and firepower blockade abilities and were more professional.

There were no restrictions on these robots passing through the quantum teleportation channel.

On the night of March 26th, the base of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders on Planet Kono was built. First, they naturally reorganized the foundation. They had to clean up the underground ruins in the area of reconstruction. This required time. At the same time, they needed more professional machinery and a large number of construction materials.

These were all things that Xu Tui lacked. However, the Huaxia Sector took the initiative to send it over even without Xu Tui saying anything.

It could be considered a reciprocation.

At the same time, Xu Tui transferred another Planetary realm powerhouse and three quasi-planetary experts over in the name of security.

The Planetary realm powerhouse was Yin Ba from the Mechanical Spirit Race, and the three quasi-planetary experts were Bu Qingqiu and the other two quasi-planetary experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Xu Tui had transferred a total of five Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race.

On the 27th of March, after intense construction and arrangements, Ah Huang had already controlled the robots to set up electronic regional alert devices around the base within 30 kilometers of the pioneer raiders. At the same time, a command center, a warning center, and so on had been built.

This was the symbol of an independent organization. It was a little like a small kingdom.

At the same time that the border guard was successfully set up, it meant that the general base of the pioneer raiders had been officially established and had a safety need.

Anyone who entered or passed the 35 -kilometer airspace range above the pioneer raiders had to report to the command center of the pioneer raiders. Otherwise, the pioneer raiders had the right to attack.

The management rules were a little similar to the territorial rules of the Blue Star, but it was easier.

For example, if Xu Tui wanted to enter the base of the American Sector, he could apply directly. After verifying his identity, he would quickly pass. It was not that complicated, much less having a visa.

From the moment the border guard was successfully set up, Xu Tui could do whatever he wanted within a 30 -kilometer radius.

However, with the current level of technology, the other sectors could use one or two methods to clearly see Xu Tui’s construction site. The quantum radar had just begun to operate when Ah Huang detected dozens of reconnaissance fluctuations in a few minutes.

The other organizations on the Blue Star were still very concerned about Xu Tui’s actions.

Xu Tui was already prepared for this.

The eight high-powered quantum jammers stood at the periphery. After forming a fixed area of interference, the surveillance screens of the other Blue Star organizations that were using various methods to observe Xu Tui’s movements turned black.

The officers in charge of intelligence reported urgently. After all, this was a mission given by their superiors.

The American Sector’s Maiponeo nodded helplessly after receiving the report.

“They used a high-powered quantum jammer? Did Xu Tui really have a secret?

Is there any possibility of a breakthrough?”

“Not at the moment. The quantum jammer he uses is very advanced! It’s still possible if we secretly destroy a few of them,” the intelligence officer suggested..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1