Chapter 1306 - 1306: Strange Underground Seal (1)

Chapter 1306: Strange Underground Seal (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s transaction with the captives of the Blue Star went smoothly.

The transaction was completed on March 30th.

On the night of the 30th, five quasi-planets of the Muya Clan and 31 Muyas at the Transmutation Realm were all sent to Planet Liuxia. Xu Tui also offered three sets of auantum arrav cores.

Xu Tui had personally handed over the three sets of quantum array cores in front of the people-in-charge of the seven sectors and one organization of the Blue Star.

Xu Tui was very careful now. If he gave it to Maiponeo, he might be tricked by him. He already had a brand new understanding of the bottom line of these politicians.

When he delivered the three sets of quantum array cores, Xu Tui made it very clear that these three sets of quantum array cores did not belong to any sector or organization. They belonged to the Blue Star and were mainly used to build a three-dimensional defense system with Planet Kono as the center.

In the future, if another war broke out on Planet Kono, at least five Planetary realm powerhouses would gather on Planet Kono in a short period of time. This did not include the situation on Xu Tui’s Planet Liuxia.

At the same time, it could be considered to have strengthened the defenses of Mars and the moon to prevent them from being stolen.

As for the captives that had been exchanged, after they were sent to Planet Liuxia, they only took tissue samples to test the genetic chain before being sent to the Spiritual Embodiment Center.

They executed the destructive spirit extraction.

In terms of gains, it was not bad. Basically, two quasi-planets could allow Xu Tui to obtain a full Silver Spirit Box. He could also obtain a full Silver Spirit Box by extracting the spirits of five Transmutation Muyas.

These captives had contributed a total of nine Silver Spirit Boxes to Xu Tui. It was a good harvest.

However, it was hard to say which was more valuable, the nine Silver Boxes of Spirit or the three sets of quantum array cores.

Currently, Xu Tui has a limited number of quantum array cores. He had only produced a total of 101 sets after he finished using the materials previously. He had used more than 40 sets of them himself and traded them.

There was not much left.

If Xu Tui could find a large number of Purple Star Crystals and meteorite ashes in the next year or two, this quantum array core would be the cheapest resource for Xu Tui, who had mastered the secret refinement technique.

However, to others, the value of the quantum array core was definitely beyond the Silver Box of Spirit.

For the time being, the function of the Silver Spirit Box far exceeded the quantum array core.

However, Xu Tui had a lot of Silver Boxes of Spirit. This was especially so after he freed the Blue Star Humans who had been spiritualized last time. He actually obtained a lot of Silver Boxes of Spirit after that.

As a result, on the 30th of March, the base of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders on Planet Kono was being built. The secret tunnel that led to the deepest part of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was also being opened according to plan. Xu Tui also returned while he was sending the captives back to Planet Liuxia.

Xu Tui thought about it for a long time. It was a waste to keep some cultivation resources. It was better to use them as soon as possible.

For example, the Silver Spirit Box.

Before this, Xu Tui’s original intention was to distribute the Silver Box of Spirit as a reward after the members of the pioneer raiders, be it new or old, made a contribution. That would be justifiable.

However, the attack incident this time suddenly gave Xu Tui a great sense of urgency and pressure. He had to make preparations early. He had to increase his strength as soon as possible. Otherwise, what if the Muya Clan one day launched a surprise attack on Planet Liuxia or even Planet Peach?

There were not many reinforcements who could come. If Xu Tui had a bunch of Transmutation Realm experts under him, they would only be slaughtered if they encountered a Planetary realm expert.

Quasi-planetary.

He had to have a large number of quasi-planetary experts under him.

Under normal circumstances, three quasi -planetary experts could deal with one Planetary realm expert with one or two Satellites, while two powerful quasi-planetary experts could deal with onw planetary realm expert with one or two Satellites.

There were fewer people like Bu Qingqiu or Lavis who could fight a Planetary realm quasi-planetary expert alone.

Of course, Xu Tui was not reckless. Although he had accidentally obtained a large number of Silver Boxes of Spirit last time, he would lose one every time he used them.

However, Xu Tui still distributed a Silver Spirit Box to all the members of the pioneer raiders.

This thing was very important in certain realms. One could also produce a qualitative change. Especially between the Transmutation Realm and the quasi-planetary realm.

As for Xu Tui, he had absorbed eight to ten of them. There did not seem to be any changes. So he was not in a hurry for the time being. Currently, there were only 50-odd members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, including Yanzi and the others. There were not many of them.

After giving out a wave of public benefits, Xu Tui called Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, Dai Lijun, Yang Huai, Mu Xingluan, Li Zheng, Luo Murong, Yan Xuejin, Miao Huanshan, Tao Guan, and a group of old members over.

Everyone was given two more Silver Spirit Boxes.

“Currently, the situation in the solar system is strange and ever-changing, especially after the Muya Clan participated in the battle. The intensity of the war is rapidly rising. You’ve accumulated quite a lot in the past year or two, but I hope that your cultivation progress will be faster. In a short period of time, everyone’s target will be to become a quasi-planet!

“Only by reaching the quasi-planetary realm would you have the possibility of participating in intergalactic wars. These Silver Spirit Boxes can greatly strengthen your mental bodies.

“After your mental body becomes stronger, it will not be able to directly increase your strength. However, it can greatly increase your cultivation speed and the power of your superpower,” Xu Tui said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1