Chapter 1307 - 1307: Strange Underground Seal (2)

Chapter 1307: Strange Underground Seal (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Don’t worry, Commander. We will definitely use the greatest possibility to cultivate and cultivate diligently. We will try our best to cultivate to the quasi-planetary realm in the shortest time possible.” Zhao Hailong expressed his stance on behalf of these core members.

“You are all sensible people and have long seen the cruelty of cosmic wars. I won’t say anything else. I’ll emphasize the last problem. Supernatural beings, you should already know how important the mental body is.

“In that case, students from the Extreme Branch would have to spend some time every day to train their mind power after using this Silver Spirit Box, even if your mind power was very weak. This is very important! Especially when your cultivation is stronger, your mind power will be more important.”

As soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, Yan Lie nodded like a chicken pecking at grains. Yan Lie had benefited the most from this.

Cui Xi, Tao Guan, Yang Huai, and the others also nodded gently. Xu Tui had

emphasized this to them many times. Other than that, Xu Tui planned to find some time for his friends to use his microscopic perception to see if there were any areas where the genetic ability chain could be strengthened.

Of course, Xu Tui had to hurry up and improve himself.

On the 31st of March, Xu Tui returned to Planet Kono again. According to Ah Huang, the tunnel that led to the deepest part of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was about to be opened.

However, just as Xu Tui was waiting for the ruined tunnel that led to the deepest part of the seal to be opened, good news came from Planet Peach in just two days.

Yan Lie and Wen Shao broke through to the quasi-planetary realm in just half a day. That was good news. Actually, be it Yan Lie or Wen Shao, it was only right for them to break through.

Yan Lie had followed Xu Tui out of the Manut asteroid for a year and a half. He had never lacked cultivation resources. As long as Yan Lie could consume them, he could use the Origin Crystals as he pleased.

It was only because of Yan Lie’s cultivation consumption speed that he broke through to the quasi-planetary realm.

In the past few months, he had been cultivating in a high-concentration energy cultivation room. His cultivation speed had increased by leaps and bounds. A few days ago, the circulation of the main genetic ability chain that he had cultivated had reached a perfect state.

It was only natural for him to break through now.

This would definitely be an enemy’s nightmare!

An assassin like Yan Lie, especially an assassin with super abnormal concealment abilities, could threaten a Planetary realm powerhouse with his quasi-planetary cultivation after a little cultivation.

If they cooperated with Xu Tui, they would probably become the nightmare of many Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts.

Wen Shao’s breakthrough was not surprising. This guy had been wandering in the extra-terrestrial for more than two years. In the past year, he had abundant cultivation resources. It could be considered an extremely powerful long-range supernatural being cannon.

When Wen Shao was at the Transmutation Realm, he had the ability to fight a quasi-planetary. Now that he had broken through to the quasi-planetary realm, as long as he cultivated for a while longer, he could threaten a planetary realm, even if he was not able to fight a Planetary realm head-on.

According to Ah Huang, Qu Qingshan was anxious when Wen Shao broke through to the quasi-planetary realm. For two consecutive days, his cultivation had turned him into a rabbit’s eye!

This made Xu Tui look forward to it. Under this stimulation, would Old Qu be able to break through to the quasi-planetary realm in the near future?

In that case, the overall strength of Planet Peach would increase greatly.

However, Xu Tui did not receive any news of Qu Qingshan’s breakthrough until April 1st. The other piece of good news Xu Tui received was from the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin Ba.

Yin Ba said that it was done! They had already reached the last level of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. “Yin Ba, you’ve worked hard.”

“It’s not hard. It’s only right to serve you, Sir.”

“Okay, bring some people and guard the base. If anything happens, just stall for time.”

“Understood, Sir. What if someone barges in?”

“If anyone dares to barge in, inform the Huaxia Sector first. Then, attack directly,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood!”

A few minutes later, Bu Qingqiu guarded the entrance of the tunnel. Xu Tui brought An Xiaoxue deeper into the ruined tunnel.

Xu Tui was a little worried when he passed by Bu Qingqiu. More than a year ago, Bu Qinzaiu had said that she was onlv one step awav from the Planetarv realm. More than a year had passed, and she had used a lot of the Silver Box of Spirit, but she still had not broken through.

If Bu Qingqiu broke through, the strength of the pioneer raiders would increase by another level.

“Yin Ba, is this tunnel secure?” Xu Tui asked with a smile in the communication channel after he stepped into the ruined tunnel.

“Sir, don’t worry. The power fluctuations below the quasi-planetary realm will not cause a collapse,” Yin Ba said.

“Okay!”

The tunnel was winding and rough.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were very careful as they passed through. Xu Tui even raised the Vajra Set and pulled An Xiaoxue beside him just in case. If it really collapsed, it would not be a joke. The deepest part was 100 meters above the ground.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue arrived at the last level of the underground.

However, the last floor of the forward operating base had already collapsed. It could be seen how powerful the self-destruction of the mid-micro particle chain bombs in the forward operating base was.

Xu Tui frowned. According to Lei Qian, the lowest level of the underground of the forward operating base was where the mysterious seal was. But now, the lowest level of the forward operating base had already been shattered. Was the seal broken?

With this doubt in mind, Xu Tui said, “Xiaoxue, can you cut it?”

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash was the fastest to deal with these fortress-like building barriers. It was even faster than Yin Ba and the others. A large portion of the last barrier of the shattered underground quickly disappeared.

After a large piece disappeared, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue froze at the same time. It was a rock. Behind the last floor of the building tunnel was not a door, but a natural rock. It had to be known that Xu Tui and the others had a complete architectural blueprint. Their location would definitely be correct.

“Is this the seal?” An Xiaoxue was puzzled.

Xu Tui was also puzzled. However, in the next moment, Xu Tui shook his head.

“Xiaoxue, that’s not right. There’s something wrong with this rock.”

“What’s wrong with the rock?”

“Mind power, mind power can’t be explored at all! Moreover, as I could sense the original quantum frequency of the mountain, my mental perception knew the various rocks like the back of my hand.

“However, the rock in front of me had never appeared in my memory. It did not even have the same characteristics! Come, use the Dimensional Slash to cut it,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright.”

In the next moment, the Dimensional Slash silently cut into the rock. Bang!

An indescribably muffled roar rang out. An Xiaoxue, who was using her Dimensional Slash ability, suddenly took three steps back. Her pretty face turned pale.

“There’s something wrong with this rock! My Dimensional Slash can’t hit it, but it can still rebound on me and shake my mental body!” An Xiaoxue pointed at the strange rock.

Xu Tui looked at the rock and frowned. The Dimensional Slash had not hit it. This was strange. It could hit it as long as it was in this space. Could it be that there was something else about this rock? Or rather, it was not in this space.

Xu Tui extended his hand while he was deep in thought. He could feel the slightly cold sensation on his fingertips. He touched it. This rock was real! However, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Slash could not hit it.

This was too bizarre.

In the next moment, Xu Tui condensed an earth spike and stabbed at the rock. However, a strange situation happened. The rock was clearly in front of him, but the earth spike missed. The moment the earth spike missed, Xu Tui’s earth spike was shattered by an inexplicable force. His mental body suddenly trembled. Xu Tui also suffered a backlash from the rock.

However, his attack was not strong, so the backlash he suffered was not serious.

Xu Tui frowned. He could see and touch it, but he could not attack it. He could not attack it, but attacking it could bring about a backlash. This was too strange.

Was this the seal that Lei Qian had mentioned? What exactly was sealed?

Xu Tui covered the rock with his palm again and slowly stroked it. At the same time, his mind power seeped out of his palm. He wanted to use this method to sense the situation of the rock. The moment Xu Tui placed his mind power on the rock through his palm, the rock suddenly became extremely soft. It was like a soft bag that instantly enveloped his palm.

The moment it enveloped him, Xu Tui instantly felt as if his palm had been pierced by a needle.

He felt as if he had been stabbed!

In the next moment, blood-colored ripples suddenly appeared on the white rock..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1