Chapter 1309 - 1309: Seal And Leftovers

Chapter 1309: Seal and Leftovers

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Since this so-called Little Six said that the jade futon on the left was suitable for An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui naturally had to choose the one on the right.

However, Xu Tui was very curious about what was on the jade futon. Also, according to the intelligence of the Spiritual Race, shouldn’t this be a seal? How could such a thing that had opportunities and benefits appear?

There was also an old monster, Little Six, who had lived for an unknown period of time.

However, Xu Tui dared to sit on the futon for two reasons.

Firstly, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue could not find this so-called Little Six. However, Xu Tui’s passive perception of spiritual resonance could give him feedback.

Little Six did not have any ill intentions toward him and An Xiaoxue, especially when he was talking to An Xiaoxue. The passive feedback of his spiritual resonance showed that he was very happy.

Of course, when this guy was conversing with Xu Tui, the spiritual resonance feedback he brought was a joke. He had some intention of teasing Xu Tui, but it was very limited. Most importantly, there was no malice.

Secondly, there were eight jade futons in front of the green light screen. There was an extremely weak and hazy aura on each of the six futons. This aura was very weak and illusory. However, Xu Tui’s microscopic perception was not for show.

Xu Tui could vaguely sense the aura of a human through his microscopic perception. It was very weak. However, Xu Tui was certain that the weak auras that enveloped the other six futons all came from the Blue Star Humans.

In other words, there were six guests in front, and they were six Blue Star Humans.

It should be safe. Of course, Xu Tui had countless questions about this discovery. However, he could not ask them now. He could only experience it himself.

In the next moment, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue sat on the jade futon respectively.

When An Xiaoxue sat down, a large ball of green light instantly rose from the jade futon. The green light enveloped An Xiaoxue’s entire body. In less than two minutes, the green light began to slowly converge and enter An Xiaoxue’s body.

He must have obtained some benefits.

The moment Xu Tui sat down, a dark blue light instantly rose from the jade futon. It enveloped Xu Tui, causing him to shiver.

It was abnormally cold.

Xu Tui understood that this power might be the so-called opportunity. Almost as soon as the power in the jade futon enveloped Xu Tui, his mind power surged and began to come into contact with this strange power.

Xu Tui could sense that this ball of blue ice power was very strange. It was not origin energy, mind power, or energy field. It was a completely different power, but in terms of nature, it seemed to be a little familiar.

This should be a very high-level power form.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of the God Slaying Sword. The nature of this power was very similar to the power of the God Slaying Sword.

Could it be?

The moment Xu Tui thought about it, the red fire slip in his mind suddenly shone brightly. In just an instant, the cold blue light that enveloped Xu Tui was completely absorbed into his body by the red fire slip. It instantly formed a ball of blue mark on the red fire slip.

Xu Tui was stunned. Did the red fire slip have such an ability? Or was the red fire slip related to this?

Beside Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue was absorbing the green light that was wrapped around her. She had not even absorbed a quarter of it into her body. Xu Tui had already finished absorbing it.

Almost at the same time, Little Six’s childish cry suddenly rang out in the green space.

A series of curses! He did not sound like an old ghost who had lived for 8,000 years. Instead, he sounded like a high school student on the streets.

“What’s going on?” Xu Tui frowned.

“Why… why do you have it?”

“What is it?” “You don’t know what it is?” “I don’t know.”

“How long have you had it?”

“A few years.”

“Alright, you’re also lucky! Why doesn’t Sister Xiaoxue have this? Sigh, I really don’t like you!” Little Six’s tone was filled with disdain.

“Do I think I like you? You chatterbox!” Xu Tui did not like this guy either.

“I want to snatch that thing over.” Little Six did not hide his thoughts. However, Xu Tui still did not sense any malice from Little Six.

This guy’s mouth was probably a little vicious and smelly.

“Then you can snatch it! You’re very welcome!” Xu Tui stood up and crossed his arms. Xu Tui only realized it after he stood up. He had also left behind a little of his aura on the futon he had sat on. However, it was very weak and obscure.

Little Six’s extremely helpless and depressed sigh came from the green space. Xu Tui was amused by this voice. Almost at the same time, the red fire slip circling in Xu Tui’s mind transmitted a consciousness to him.

Touch.

Touch the green light screen in front of him.

Xu Tui subconsciously slowly extended his hand. He wanted to touch it, but

Little Six’s voice rang out. “Wait, you know?”

Xu Tui was stunned. These were two questions. However, his comprehension ability was extraordinary. He immediately understood. “What’s the key? What do you mean wait? Also, what do you mean by “I know”?” Xu Tui asked.

“Sister Xiaoxue’s inheritance is not over yet. You can unseal it after she’s done,” Little Six said.

“Unseal?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“You don’t know?”

Xu Tui shook his head. The moment he shook his head, Xu Tui felt a boundless mind power come into contact with him. Then, he let out a soft exclamation.

“It looks like you really don’t know.”

“What do I not know?” Xu Tui was at a loss. “You don’t know what the origin domain space is for.”

“What’s that for?”

“I don’t want to tell you,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was speechless. This guy was a very hot-tempered guy. However, he had a better temper than him. “If you don’t want to say it, forget it. I’ll try it myself. ”

“You…” Little Six was furious. He could sense that Xu Tui was mobilizing the aura of the red fire slip. He had the intention of trying to touch the green light screen in front of him. At that time, he would have no choice but to say it.

“Wait, I said no.”

“Hmph!” Xu Tui sneered.

“If it weren’t for the Lord’s mission, I would definitely not tell you!” Little Six also snorted.

“Tell me. I’m listening.”

“This Origin Domain Space is actually a seal! An ancient seal! Only those who have the Red Heart can unseal it. Of course, the prerequisite was that he could enter this place. However, those who can obtain the Red Heart will definitely be able to enter this place,” Little Six said.

“What are the conditions for entering this place? Is it a genetic test?” Xu Tui asked.

“You can say that in your most advanced language, it’s a genetic test! However, the so-called access conditions here are hundreds of times stricter than your so-called genetic tests,” Little Six said.

“That’s impossible, right?”

“Nothing is impossible!”

“Then what exactly is sealed here? What is unsealed after it is unsealed?” This was Xu Tui’s greatest doubt.

“The thing that is sealed, according to your understanding, should be a small universe,” Little Six said.

“A small universe?” Xu Tui’s eyes widened. “Are you kidding me? Why didn’t you say that a small universe erupted?”

“The small universes will not erupt, but after you unseal them, you must obtain a few extremely important small universes, such as the Samsara World. Otherwise, your unsealing will only create opportunities for the enemy,” Little Six said.

“The Samsara World?” Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. He smiled. “Why didn’t you say the Six Dao Samsara World? Why didn’t you say the Netherworld?”

“You can say that these two concepts don’t conflict!” “Don’t tell me that there’s still the Heavenly Realm?”

“Indeed!”

Xu Tui was stunned. After a while, he said, “Little Six, are you going to tell me that the so-called seal here is sealing an ancient mythical world? You want me to unseal a mythical world? That’s too…”

“Too much? Do you look down on the Mythical World? You don’t fancy ancient myths?” Little Six sneered. “Alright, let me ask you two questions.”

“Ask. ”

“Can science explain the myths you know?” Little Six asked.

“This… With my current level of science, I can only explain a small portion of it,” Xu Tui said.

“It’s a very small portion, right? Then let me ask you again. Can you explain all of your current scientific results with the Myth ability? All of your scientific results,” Little Six asked.

Xu Tui was stunned. Or rather, he was shocked! He did not know about this question until he thought about it. He realized that it was terrifying.

Ancient myths could not be explained with science. However, all the current science could be explained by myths.

“Little Six, didn’t you say that you stayed here for more than 8,000 years? Do you know science?” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

“Heh, science is something we’ve played before. It can’t even be considered leftovers! I didn’t expect you to pick it up after the drastic change!” Little Six’s tone was filled with disdain for Xu Tui, or rather, for humans.

Xu Tui was stunned. His worldview had been refreshed! Science was not even the leftovers that Little Six had played with!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1