Chapter 1305 - 1305: In The Name Of Respect, Interfering Forcefully (2)

Chapter 1305: In the Name of Respect, Interfering Forcefully (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Hearing this, Maiponeo smiled bitterly and shook his head. “Forget it, I can’t provoke him! Based on the current situation, there shouldn’t be any secrets. Strengthen the peripheral detection. Try your best to use other methods to investigate the actions and construction progress and planning of the pioneer raiders! Also, ask Xu Tui out. I’m interested in trading with the Muya captives,” Maiponeo said.

“Alright, Sir.”

The same scene happened in the other sectors.

It was mainly because Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders were a new force. If it were the Huaxia Sector who wanted to build a new base, no one would be stupid enough to use all kinds of remote sensing reconnaissance equipment to detect them.

This was because they knew that they would not be able to detect it even if they did.

Another reason was that the Worldly Pioneer Raiders were still mysterious, be it the quantum array core or Xu Tui’s previous transaction regarding captives.

Over the past few days, the Blue Star had used all their methods to squeeze the captured Muyas dry from all aspects. Some areas had even tested their reproduction. However, Xu Tui’s so-called reuse of trash had not been developed by either side.

They did not understand how a captured Muya who had been interrogated and crippled could still be reused. It was also because of this that the Muyas, who had already been interrogated, suffered another wave in the past two days.

On the 28th of March, a basic wall was built in the base of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders. The construction area was not large, but it was two floors underground and two floors above ground.

This was especially so for the two underground floors. One of them was a temporary shelter and a safety fortress. Therefore, Xu Tui began to clean up the underground ruins with great fanfare. Dust flew everywhere. All kinds of ruins and trash were constantly transported out. Those that could be used again were transported away.

All of this was extremely normal.

Other than the construction of the robots, there were also five experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race who took turns to provide security.

However, there were only two Mechanical Spirit on duty at the same time. The

other three were under Xu Tui’s personal command to shapeshitt and began to dig in the underground ruins with difficulty. They opened a tunnel that led to the deepest part of the underground base of the original Spiritual Race.

This kind of excavation work was extremely difficult.

As it was in ruins, there would be small cave-ins and collapses from time to time. Yin Wushu and the others were often buried.

If the robot was buried, it would be completely useless.

However, it was extremely easy to escape if the quasi-planetary and Planetary realm powerhouses were buried. This allowed the excavation to continue.

Even though there were five quasi-planetary and Planetary realm experts participating in the excavation of the underground ruin tunnel, their speed was still very slow. Xu Tui estimated that it would take three to five days to open this tunnel.

On the 29th of March, Xu Tui met Maiponeo and the Planetary realm powerhouse from the European Sector, Augustus, in an empty house built on grass.

“My dear Xu, I’ve contacted them. Including the Muya captives from the other sectors, I have a total of three quasi-planetary captives and 23 Transmutation Realm captives. We want to trade with you. However, I have to make it clear in advance that these captives are only alive! Many of them have already fainted because they were tortured. They are just alive.” Before he came, Maiponeo had made a communication alliance in advance to strengthen his right to speak.

“It’s fine. It’s useful to me as long as they’re alive,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s great. Then I want to know, my dear Xu, what can you trade with us? You know that although these captives have been interrogated and crippled by us, their bodies are still extremely valuable for research. After all, the Muya Clan were a new species to us. All kinds of research required a large number of samples.

“If the thing we traded doesn’t meet our expectations, I’m afraid we won’t be able to reach a deal.” Just like before, Maiponeo had raised his expectations of the deal before the negotiation.

Clearly, they had come with a goal.

Xu Tui knew this very well. If not for the fact that someone had come with a specific goal, Maiponeo would not have come to look for him in advance.

All of this was within Xu Tui’s expectations. Xu Tui smiled unkindly when he saw the representatives, Maiponeo and Augusto. “What about the quantum array core?”

Augusto’s eyes lit up. This was what they were looking forward to the most.

Only by having more quantum array cores could their defenses become more three-dimensional. In the future, if they encountered another attack like the Muya Clan, they would be able to gather enough support in a short period of time to avoid a tragedy.

In reality, Xu Tui had said that because he had considered this.

With a suitable reason, he could provide the Blue Star with more quantum array cores so that the Blue Star could quickly build a three-dimensional defense system in the solar system. At the same time, they could avoid a tragedy like 322.

Internal strife was an internal strife. Xu Tui would not compromise or retreat on this point. However, while he did not compromise, Xu Tui would also try his best to help the Blue Star better resist the alien species.

This transaction was Xu Tui’s help to the Blue Star Race.

Of course, Xu Tui had already humbly accepted Cai Shaochu’s suggestion. It was best to exchange benefits for help, and not to give it directly.

Giving it directly would only bring him trouble.

Compared to Augusto, Maiponeo was even more cunning. When he heard Xu Tui take the initiative to propose a quantum array core, Maiponeo smiled and said, “How about exchanging a captive for a set of quantum array cores?”

The smile on Xu Tui’s face immediately disappeared. The sly old fox, Maiponeo, immediately added, “I mean, how about exchanging a quasi-planetary captive for a set of quantum array cores?”

“Oh. Mr. MaiDoneo. vou have a auantum arrav core. I still have eight quasi-planetary captives. I’ll exchange two quasi-planetary captives for a set of quantum array cores. How about that?”

The atmosphere was awkward, but Maiponeo did not have any awkwardness. Instead, he laughed dryly and bargained. “How about exchanging the three quasi-planets for a set?”

“Can we still talk?” Xu Tui sneered.

“Of course!” Maiponeo could sense Xu Tui’s impatience. He put away his shamelessness and asked directly, “Then what do you mean, Mr. Xu?”

“In my intelligence, there are currently a total of five quasi-planetary captives of the Muya Clan on Planet Kono, including those owned by the Huaxia Sector. There are 31 Muyas in the Transmutation Realm. I want all of these captives! I will give you a total of three sets of quantum array cores for all these captives.” Hearing this, Maiponeo frowned. “The trading price is fine, but not the plan!

There are only three sets of quantum array cores among the captives gathered in so many sectors. We can’t split them…’

“Therefore, I want to specify the uses of these three sets of quantum array cores for you! The three sets of quantum array cores that I traded to you this time are all used to collectively build a three-dimensional pass system with Planet Kono as the center.

“For example, we have to establish a direct connection between Planet Kono and the Moon. We have to establish a direct connection between Planet Kono and the center of the asteroid belt, Manut. We also have to establish a direct connection between Mars and Ceres,” Xu Tui said.

Maiponeo was stunned. He did not expect Xu Tui’s request to be like this. “I can’t decide that! Mr. Xu, I understand what you’re thinking, but I have to remind you. If we use the quantum array core that we traded, as well as how to build a quantum teleportation channel, this is the internal affairs of the other alliances and organizations.

“Commander Xu Tui, please follow the internal agreements of the Blue Star. Don’t interfere or try to interfere with the internal affairs of the other sectors or organizations.” Maiponeo solemnly expressed his thoughts and a little emotion.

It did not feel good to be arranged by Xu Tui for internal affairs.

Xu Tui only replied to Maiponeo with one sentence. “Then you can do whatever you want. You can choose not to trade. I respect you very much! It’s fine if I don’t want those Muya captives. They are just used as trash! I’m sorry, I’m tired!”

Xu Tui sent the guest off. Maiponeo and Augusto left with depressed expressions. Augusto was fine, but Maiponeo was about to become autistic because of Xu Tui’s domineering attitude.

How was this respect? This was Xu Tui intervening forcefully in the name of respect. Furthermore, it went straight to the core. Although he said no, his body was very honest. That was probably what Maiponeo meant.

Less than half a day after Xu Tui sent him off, Maiponeo sent over the latest news. He had agreed to trade at Xu Tui’s request.

Yes, his body was really honest!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1