Chapter 1302 - 1302: Spiritual Embodiment Research Result And Invitation Letter

Chapter 1302: Spiritual Embodiment Research Result and Invitation Letter

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In just two days, four Muyas had been sent to the Planet Liuxia’s Spiritual Embodiment Center. All kinds of basic data appeared in front of Xu Tui.

Previously, due to Lei Qian’s cooperation and the transfer of ultimate rights, Xu Tui’s current control over the Planet Liuxia’s Spiritual Center was perfect. Not only could he control the Spiritual Embodiment Center of Planet Liuxia, but all the data of the Spiritual Embodiment on Planet Liuxia could also be presented to Xu Tui.

After two days of continuous observation, data about the Muyas’ Spiritual Embodiment also appeared in front of Xu Tui.

The basic result was that the Muyas were very poor. In terms of continuous harvest, they were even inferior to the ordinary humans on the Blue Star who had been spiritualized previously.

Previously, the data he had obtained from the Spiritual Race’s Spiritual

Embodiment Center was that if the target of the Spiritual Embodiment was the

Blue Star Humans thev had abducted. regardless of gender. age. or ace. thev would form a group of Spiritual Embodiment every 100 years. They would use a device to extract a small number of spirits from their bodies every day and let them recover through a long sleep.

This could be said to be treating them as an inexhaustible spiritual resource.

If this state continued, every 100 people would be able to fill a Silver Spirit Box with the spirits they extracted after accumulating for 350 to 400 days. According to the measurement of the Spiritual Embodiment Center, it was a unit of spiritual power.

On the other hand, Xu Tui had sent the four Muyas into the Spiritual

Embodiment Center and used the operating rules of the Spiritual Embodiment Center. Judging from the data of their continuous Spiritual Embodiment for two days, the effect of their Spiritual Embodiment was too poor.

The number of spirits that the quasi-planetary Muyas used to reproduce was only one-fifth.

From a purely research perspective, if a quasi-planetary Muya and an ordinary Blue Star Human were thrown into the Spiritual Embodiment Center at the same time, the ratio of the spirits they obtained would be 1:5.

Ordinary Blue Star people contributed five times more spirits than quasi-planetary Muyas.

It did not look like there was a big difference. However, in reality, the difference was too great when one combined individual strength.

The data of the Blue Star people came from the comprehensive data of the ordinary Blue Star people who had been spiritualized by the Spiritual Race. There were men, women, old, and young. The data of the Muyas came from their quasi-planetary realm powerhouses.

Xu Tui believed that even among the Muyas, the quasi-planetary realm Muyas were definitely elites among them. Other than that, Xu Tui had also personally monitored the situation of the Muyas who had been colonized over the past two days.

The recovery speed of the spirit of the Muya’s quasi-planet was relatively slow after being continuously extracted in small quantities. He was slower than the ordinary humans on the Blue Star who had been spiritualized.

Xu Tui suddenly understood why the Spiritual Race wanted to use the Blue Star humans to spiritualize.

The humans of the Blue Star were too f*cking blessed. Or rather, the Blue Star humans had too many advantages in terms of spirits.

The spirits drawn from the quasi-planets of the Muyas were only one-fifth of the spirits of the ordinary people on the Blue Star.

However, another problem appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. According to his current research, a spirit was a mental body. The strength of a mental body was often stronger, be it in terms of cultivation speed or cultivation talent. Then why were the Blue Star humans the weakest among these species?

“Ah Huang, carry out the destructive spirit extraction.” Xu Tui gave another order as he pondered.

However, this time, Ah Huang did not execute it directly. Instead, it asked, “Xu Tui, aren’t you going to consider it?”

“Consider what?”

“These Muyas are all quasi-planets and have extraordinary combat strength. If you use the method of controlling the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race to control them under your command, eight of them will be a very powerful combat strength that you can use. Eight quasi-planetary experts can fight at least two to three Planetary realm experts,” Ah Huang said.

“Combat strength?” Xu Tui looked at the screen. The corner of his mouth sank slightly. “Some of the power can be used. Some of the power is something I’m not willing to use even if you give it to me.” At this point, Xu Tui sighed softly. “Ah Huang, you still need to learn.”

“Learn? I’ve studied all the information I can come into contact with.” Ah Huang was puzzled.

“Therefore, you still need to learn.” Ah Huang did not understand. It still wanted to ask, but Xu Tui said directly, “Alright, carry out the order.”

It was to forcefully extract all the spirits in his body. Of course, the result would be that they would be dead.

On the surveillance screen, the Muya Serll suddenly twitched crazily.

There were two ways to destructively extract a spirit. The first was to retract the spirit after the target died. This way, the target would not suffer any pain, but the spirit would dissipate to a certain extent.

There was this technique because the Spiritual Embodiment Center often had individuals who died without any warning.

The other was to extract it while one was alive!

Extracting a living spirit could extract the spirit in the target’s body to the greatest extent. However, the process was more cruel and painful.

For example, when the Serll’s spirit was extracted by destructive force, the blood vessels all over his body bulged. His eyes bulged, and his long tongue trembled from the pain. Tiny blood vessels had already exploded on his forehead and neck. It was obvious that he was in extreme pain. As he was controlled, he could not let out any roars. However, his extremely twitching limbs could reflect the intensity of his pain.

This situation lasted for a full three minutes. As the Serll became limp, it ended.

The destructive spirit extraction ended.

“Next. Precisely record the data.” Xu Tui’s voice was emotionless.

Another quasi-planetary captive of the Muya Clan was destroyed. Ten minutes later, the four quasi-planets of the Muya Clan were all destroyed.

“Send the corpses to the research center. If there are any researchers who need it, let them use it. As for the rest, you can use it to carry out routine basic research, including the necrosis reaction, various tissue cultivation, sensitivity, and so on,” Xu Tui said.

This was a cosmic war!

“Understood.”

“Xu Tui, the results are out! Under the circumstances of a destructive spirit extraction, the data of the spirit of the quasi-planetary realm Muya is much stronger than that of ordinary humans on the Blue Star. The data of the spirit within three minutes is very large,” Ah Huang reported.

Xu Tui nodded, but he personally went to the Spiritual Embodiment Center and checked the results of the destructive spirit extraction in the Spiritual Embodiment Room. It was to see how much of the Silver Spirit Box could be filled up after a Muya’s spirit was extracted.

The results surprised Xu Tui.

In the previous daily extraction, the data of the Muya Clan’s quasi-planet was very poor. It was only one-fifth of that of ordinary humans on the Blue Star. However, under the situation of destructive spirit extraction, the two quasi-planets of the Muya Clan filled a Silver Spirit Box.

In other words, after extracting the spirits of two quasi-planetary Muyas, they would obtain a unit of spirits.

This was within the normal range. After all, they were quasi-planetary realm powerhouses.

Previously, Xu Tui had liberated all the Blue Star humans who had been spiritualized from the Spiritual Race’s Resource Planet’s Spiritual Embodiment Center. He had only given them a quick death.

Due to the number and other reasons, they died first through the equipment of the Spiritual Embodiment Center.

However, after their deaths, the equipment of the Spiritual Embodiment Center systematically collected their spirits.

Xu Tui had not expected this. At the same time, it also brought him another wave of data. The spirits collected after the death of 100 to 120 ordinary humans on the Blue Star could fill a Silver Spirit Box, which was to obtain a unit of spirits.

From this point of view, the Muya Clan’s quasi-planetary resources were very cost-effective.

Two quasi-planets could obtain a unit or even more of a spirit. If he captured dozens of quasi-planetary experts from the Muya Clan, Xu Tui would be able to obtain more than ten Silver Spirit Boxes.

According to the current situation, when one’s cultivation accumulated, one to three Silver Boxes of Spirit would quickly produce a quasi-planet. Furthermore, their combat strength would be 10 to 20% stronger than ordinary quasi-planetary experts.

At this moment, the label of the Muya Clan in Xu Tui’s eyes changed.

Resources!

In Xu Tui’s eyes, the extremely ferocious Muya Clan had become cultivation resources.

“It looks like I have to capture more of the Muya Clan in the future if I have the chance,” Xu Tui muttered. The reason why he thought this way was that the group of people from the Worldly Pioneer Raiders under Xu Tui, including Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, and the others, had accumulated enough after cultivating in an environment with a high concentration of Origin Energy for the past year.

At that time, they would be able to successfully break through to the quasi-planetary realm if they were given one or two Silver Spirit Boxes. If he had dozens of powerful quasi-planetary experts under him, even three to five Planetary realm experts would not dare to attack him.

Moreover, quasi-planets had an advantage when passing through the quantum teleportation channel.

On the 25th of March, Xu Tui had already tortured the eight quasi-planetary captives he had brought back from Planet Kono. They were first interrogated, then dissected, nurtured, and studied the characteristics of the internal tissues. After that, all of them were sent to the Spiritual Embodiment Center.

Currently, other than leaving two quasi-planetary captives in the Spiritual Embodiment Center for daily spirit extraction and continuing the continuous normal research, the other six quasi-planetary captives had all been destroyed.

They contributed a total of three half-spirit silver boxes to Xu Tui, which was 3-5 units of spiritual power.

Of course, the corpses would not be wasted. Such a harvest reminded Xu Tui of the captives on Planet Kono. In the previous battle, the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization had suffered heavy losses, but they had also left behind many Muya Clan.

Of course, they would definitely interrogate these Muya Clan to the extreme. After the interrogation and dissection, as long as they were alive, they could still be used as trash by Xu Tui.

Xu Tui wanted to get these captives back.

The Silver Spirit Box was currently the most precious and difficult cultivation resource. Just as Xu Tui was thinking of a way, he received an invitation from Wei Bin, the seven sectors and one organization.

Wei Bin invited Xu Tui over on the 26th of March to participate in the post-war summary meeting of the Blue Star. At the same time, he had to completely clarify the attributes of the pioneer raiders..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1