Chapter 1315 - 1315: Weighing And Picking Up Trash (1)

Chapter 1315: Weighing and Picking Up Trash (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On Planet Kono, Wei Bin’s aura changed drastically, forming an energy tornado vortex above the Huaxia Sector’s general base.

The Planetary realm powerhouse on duty in the Huaxia Sector was Li Qingping. Due to Wei Bin’s abnormal movements, Li Qingping rushed over immediately. As a Planetary realm powerhouse, he was too familiar with these breakthrough fluctuations. “Lieutenant Wei… actually broke through!”

Li Qingping’s eyes flashed as he looked at Wei Bin’s breakthrough fluctuations from afar.

In fact, it was not just the Huaxia Sector. The entire Blue Star lacked Planetary realm powerhouses the most. Therefore, they were the most concerned about the breakthrough of Planetary realm powerhouses and studied them the most, even though there was no progress.

However, the Planetary realm powerhouses in the Huaxia Sector would hold a meeting similar to a consultation to see if they could help them break through quickly. Once one broke through to the Planetary realm, their strength would greatly increase. They would be a true top combatant.

Wei Bin naturally had such treatment, and it had happened more than once. However, after a few meetings and discussions, the Planetary realm meeting group led by Shang Long came to a conclusion.

Under normal circumstances, it was probably impossible for Wei Bin to break through to the Planetary realm. If there was, this accumulation time might take decades. This was determined from the overall situation of a quasi-planet, such as the mental body, energy field, main planet, other genetic ability chains, and so on.

Although it was a very mysterious conclusion, it was basically the truth. After all, breaking through to the Planetary realm was really difficult.

But now, Wei Bin, who was said to be unable to break through to the Planetary realm, strangely broke through.

One could imagine Li Qingping’s shock. Back then, he had also participated in Wei Bin’s breakthrough consultation.

“Order the base to enter a Level 1 alert state! Order, the range within 10,000 meters of Lieutenant Wei is forbidden. Any person or aircraft who dares to enter will be killed by me immediately! Get the logistics to prepare at least 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals and place them beside Lieutenant Wei.” Li Qingping gave a series of orders. In the past, he would not have been able to do it. However, in the past year or two, the right to speak of Planetary realm powerhouses had been strengthened. Naturally, someone would carry out Li Qingping’s orders.

Li Qingping personally helped Wei Bin break through to the Planetary realm. After he rose into the air from afar, he looked around and suddenly asked the adjutant below, “No one has broken through to the Planetary realm since we captured Kono, right?”

“Mr. Li, no!”

Hearing this, Li Qingping nodded gently. The breakthrough of a Planetary realm powerhouse and a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse was completely different.

The breakthrough of a quasi-planetary was more of a self-strengthening and transitional method. The breakthrough of a Planetary realm powerhouse was a little like fusing with the stars.

The area where he broke through was also very important.

The earliest batch of Planetary realm powerhouses who broke through on the moon were relatively weaker. They were 20 to 30% weaker than the Planetary realm powerhouses who broke through on Mars.

Breaking through on different planets would have a different impact on the strength of the Planetary realm powerhouses. Sometimes, they would even obtain an additional characteristic.

However, there was a limit to the impact.

At the same time, if there were too many Planetary realm powerhouses breaking through on a planet, the increase in strength of Planetary realm powerhouses on this planet would be smaller.

This was a conclusion.

However, there had never been a Blue Star quasi-planetary breakthrough before, but there must have been a Spiritual Race quasi-planetary breakthrough.

Therefore, breaking through on Planet Kono was not the best choice, but it was not bad.

Three minutes later, Li Qingping’s expression changed. In the distance, a shocking energy vortex also appeared in the American Sector’s general base. A powerful quasi-planetary aura began to fluctuate and impact.

Another person broke through!

Without waiting for Li Qingping to think, six to seven similar auras rose from the entire Planet Kono. A second energy vortex instantly swept up in the

Huaxia Sector’s general base. Another quasi-planetary expert from the Huaxia Sector began to break through.

Li Qingping was stunned! What day was this? Why did so many people suddenly start to break through? Or did something happen?

At the same time, Mars, Manut, the Moon, and various quasi-planetary realms had the aura of breaking through to the Planetary realm. Some Planetary realm powerhouses even broke through the bottleneck.

Fluctuations were everywhere.

Some people thought that it was a surprise, but those who could obtain a large amount of information in a short period of time already knew that something unusual must have happened.

In the underground origin domain of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. In an instant, Xu Tui found the source of Little Six’s voice.

In the red fire slip.

Little Six’s annoying voice actually appeared on the red fire slip.

“What’s going on? Why are you here?”

“This Red Heart is a little stupid. I’ll inject some soul into it,” Little Six said in a teasing tone. Xu Tui frowned. He despised the Red Heart that Little Six had injected.

Xu Tui felt a little uncomfortable that such a person was in his mind after it was injected into Red Heart.

“Go out and change locations,” Xu Tui ordered.

Little Six was stunned! “What did you say? Say that again?”

“I told you to leave Red Heart, you are not welcome here. I’ll find another place where you can stay,” Xu Tui said.

“You don’t welcome me!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1