Chapter 1311 - 1311: Fire Screen Seal (2)

Chapter 1311: Fire Screen Seal (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

When the Lord gave him this crucial mission, he thought it was very simple. Anyone would fight for such a good thing. He did not expect to encounter a cowardly rat!

That’s right. Little Six had already given Xu Tui a nickname—Rat Xu.

The requirements for unsealing the origin domain space were extremely high. In so many years, Xu Tui was the first person who had completely passed and could unseal it.

However, this guy was unwilling to unseal it.

Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui’s thoughts were correct. Since the clan would be wiped out after the seal was unsealed, it was better not to unseal it. He, Little Six, would have made the same choice.

However, the problem was that there was not much time left. Little Six did not know how long it would take for the Red Heart to find the next owner. Therefore, at this moment, Little Six could only think of a way to get Xu Tui to unseal it. That was because the consequences of not unsealing would be even more terrifying than unsealing.

The way Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue was very quiet and gentle. Many of those guys had such gazes back then. Little Six did not understand, but the Lord said that was love. It was the kind that made one happy. Under such circumstances, one person could sacrifice everything for another.

Little Six felt that this situation was applicable. Therefore, Little Six came up with a move. “Rat Xu, I can tell you clearly that Sister Xiaoxue doesn’t have long to live!”

“Hmm?” Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. When he reacted, his pupils suddenly constricted. He first scanned An Xiaoxue with his mind power. After confirming that there were no abnormalities with An Xiaoxue, he sneered and said, “Little Six, you have to grow a brain when you speak. Don’t think that I can’t do anything to you just because I can’t find you! If you anger me, I can still deal with you. You have to understand that I’m inside, not outside.”

“Rat Xu, I speak with a brain. I’m talking about the future, not making things up. Sister Xiaoxue really doesn’t have long to live,” Little Six said seriously.

This time, Xu Tui was a little stunned. “Are you scaring me or fooling me?

Xiaoxue’s life state, be it her physical body or mental body, is very surging. You’re the one who doesn’t have long to live. I’m very sure that there’s nothing wrong with Xiaoxue’s body.”

“There are no problems with Sister Xiaoxue’s body. However, there will be problems with the solar system! If the barrier of the solar system disappears, you will only Decome rooa arter tnose Dastaras cnarge Into tne solar system’. Including you and Sister Xiaoxue, you can only become their food!” Little Six said.

“You’re scaring me again. We’ll be in the Planetary realm in a few years! Have you seen Planetary realm food?” Xu Tui sneered.

Little Six did not say anything. The green light instantly focused and turned into an image. The image was of a war.

Although Little Six did not say anything, the characteristics of the sides of the war were very obvious. There was the Great Xi Clan and the Muya Clan. The two sides were besieging the human race.

The characteristics of the Blue Star humans were very obvious. They had yellow skin and wore clothes that were more inclined to the Huaxia Race. However, the method they used was a combination of technology and supernatural beings that surprised Xu Tui.

Moreover, Little Six’s light screen was very strange. It transmitted the aura of the battlefield of thousands of people to Xu Tui.

There was no one below the Planetary realm.

Then, the battle began to become a stalemate. The two sides were locked in battle. It could even be said that the Blue Star humans had a slight advantage. However, after a few virtual figures participated in the battle, the entire battle was one-sided.

Those Planetary realm powerhouses from Blue Star were instantly turned into food.

Whether it was the severely injured or the corpses, they had all been eaten by the Muya experts as food. Some of the Muya experts’ auras soared on the spot after they devoured the corpses of the Blue Star experts.

Xu Tui fell silent when he saw this scene. “Little Six, what do you want to say?”

“Rat Xu, it won’t be long before these guys charge back into the solar system in ten, maybe twenty years,” Little Six said.

“There’s no need for ten to twenty years. They had already charged into the solar system.” Xu Tui nodded his communication device and projected a shadow for Little Six.

It was the scene of the battle with the Muya Clan on Planet Kono, as well as the scene of him encountering the Great Xi Clan. Seeing the battle video of the two races appear, Little Six was very nervous. He immediately asked, “How could that be? The seal was still there. How could they kill their way in? How many had come? How long have they been in?” Little Six asked anxiously.

“Currently, there are only two executives and six to seven Planetary realm experts in the Great Xi Clan. There are more Planetary realm experts in the Muya Clan. I’ve only seen 12 of them so far. However, they were defeated by us and chased away,” Xu Tui said.

That was because Xu Tui had been focused on this point ever since the topic of An Xiaoxue not living long. He did not notice that Little Six had addressed him as Rat Xu. This made Little Six think that Xu Tui had tacitly agreed.

“There are only six in the Great Xi Clan, but there are only 12 in Muya? There are only executives and no governors?” As Little Six spoke, he clearly heaved a sigh of relief. “That’s right. The seal is still there. It’s impossible.”

“What’s impossible?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“What you’re talking about should only be small-scale Muya Clan and the Great Xi Clan who came in through other channels. What I’m talking about is a large-scale invasion!” With a flash of green light, thousands of lights danced under the starry sky. Then, there was the scene of the destruction of the shattered planet.

Even Xu Tui, who had seen many enemies, was shocked by this scene. “That’s not possible, right?”

“It’s impossible now! However, when the seal is broken, this situation will immediately happen,” Little Six said.

“Then it’s even more impossible for me to unseal it.” Xu Tui was a little confused.

“No, the seal I’m talking about is not the Origin Domain Space Seal that you want to unseal! Unlocking the seal of the Origin Domain Space will allow humans to obtain very great benefits. The seal I’m talking about is this!” There was a flash of light in the space, and a huge fireball appeared.

“The sun?”

“Look carefully! ”

Under Little Six’s control, the fireball slowly enlarged. Gradually, a blank area appeared on the fireball. Looking from the blank area, there was a huge fireball and a very small blue planet. Xu Tui instantly understood.

He found Mars, Venus, and Mercury inside the fireball.

“This is… the solar system’s High-Temperature Fire Wall?” Xu Tui was stunned. The existence of the Fire Wall was not a secret. The Blue Star humans had also detected it, but they could not explain it.

“Yes, this is the seal on the solar system. Do you see the holes and the weak spots of the flames? You should understand the meaning of this, right?” “This seal can’t take it anymore? It’s about to shatter?”

“That’s right. Even if there’s no artificial destruction, it won’t be able to last long. Moreover, someone is constantly destroying it and consuming its power!”

Little Six said.

“What does that have to do with me?”

“There is! Only by undoing the seal here can you strengthen or repair the seal of the fire screen! In that case, Sister Xiaoxue would not die! Otherwise, Sister Xiaoxue will definitely die in a few years or more!” Little Six said.

Xu Tui: ‘

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1