Chapter 1319 - 1319: Natural Guide

Chapter 1319: Natural Guide

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As the underground seal of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base was opened and the underground tunnel collapsed, there were no more secrets in the general base of the pioneer raiders.

Xu Tui asked Ah Huang to leave a clone behind and controlled the robots to continue building the general base. He then brought the others and quickly returned to Planet Liuxia.

They could not afford to lose Planet Peach.

Before this, Xu Tui and the Huaxia Sector had already made a clear distribution of rights to the quantum teleportation channel between Planet Kono and Planet Liuxia.

The Huaxia Sector was responsible for the daily safety and maintenance of the quantum teleportation channel that led to Planet Liuxia.

If anyone wanted to pass through and head to Planet Liuxia, the Huaxia Sector had to inform the pioneer raiders and obtain their permission.

But if the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had to head to Planet Kono from Planet Liuxia, they could pass at any time. However, they had to inform the Huaxia Sector about the number of passers-by and the name list a minute before they passed.

There were no restrictions on the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders returning to Planet Liuxia from Planet Kono. As long as he showed the certificate of authority issued by the pioneer raiders or the certificate of Planet Liuxia, he could return to Planet Liuxia through the quantum teleportation channel.

In this aspect, the Huaxia Sector gave the pioneer raiders the greatest convenience.

For example, Xu Tui would be able to return to Planet Liuxia from Planet Kono in an extremely short period of time without needing to inform anyone.

Even though he could do that, Xu Tui still took to the air and walked around Li Qingping.

“Uncle Li, are there any problems with Lieutenant Wei’s case?”

“No problem! We’ve already entered a Level 1 combat readiness state.

Furthermore, we’ve secretly transferred a Planetary realm powerhouse from Planet Spirit. There are also Planetary realm powerhouses on standby on

Planet Spiritual Cabin. It’s enough to deal with any crisis,” Li Qingping said.

Planet Spiritual Sea and Planet Spiritual Cabin were the two resource planets of the Mechanical Spirit Race that Xu Tui had given to the Huaxia Sector previously. He has gained a lot so far.

“Alright, I have something urgent to attend to. I’ll leave first.”

Li Qingping nodded slightly, but he stopped Xu Tui and reminded him, “Strange things have been happening continuously recently. Although it looks like a good thing at the moment, you have to be more vigilant. A good thing might just be a facade.”

“Don’t worry, Uncle Li.” Then, Xu Tui turned into a sword light and instantly appeared in front of the underground Teleportation Fortress that the Huaxia Sector had built for Planet Kono and Planet Liuxia.

Then, he quickly passed.

Before passing, Xu Tui glanced at Planet Kono. On Planet Kono, there were already eight energy tornadoes triggered by the Planetary realm breakthrough. This meant that there were eight new Planetary realms on the Blue Star alone, and there were two in the Huaxia Sector’s general base.

And this was just Planet Kono.

In the simple exchange just now, Li Qingping revealed that such a situation had happened not only on Planet Kono, but also on Mars, Manut, the Moon, and even the Blue Star, If this was the most direct benefit to the Blue Star humans after the origin domain space was unsealed, where was the crisis?

Was the crisis on Planet Peach?

Because he only brought one Planetary realm powerhouse, Yin Ba, he returned very quickly.

Xu Tui and the others arrived at Planet Liuxia a few minutes later. Currently, the person guarding Planet Liuxia was Wen Shao, who had just broken through. The future plan was that there would be at least one quasi-planetary of the Blue Star humans on a planet.

For this reason, Wen Shao was not too willing to come at first.

The cultivation conditions on Planet Peach were too good. More than 10 units of energy could not be found anywhere.

However, Xu Tui had also set up a three-talents gathering array on Planet Liuxia. Although the concentration of energy did not reach 10, it had reached 7. The cultivation effect was not bad.

“Commander, because of the urgent report from Planet Peach, Planet Liuxia has entered a Level 1 alert state. The quantum teleportation channel has also been prepared.”

After interacting with Xu Tui for such a long time, both Wen Shao and Qu Qingshan no longer treated Xu Tui as a student.

The title of regiment commander was already very common.

However, the way Xu Tui addressed their teacher did not change.

“Mr. Wen, Planet Liuxia will enter a Level 1 combat readiness state. All ground defense arms will enter an activated state. Anyone who enters Planet Peach through Planet Liuxia will have to obtain the permission of Planet Peach! Those who forcefully barge in will be killed!”

Xu Tui said those words with a murderous aura. He was the first to pass through the quantum teleportation channel that led to Planet Peach.

“Ah Huang, order Planet Spirit, Planet Liuyu, Planet Liufeng, Mechanical Spirit Number One, Mechanical Spirit Number Two, and the Tower Star to enter Level 1 combat readiness. Order these planets to send 50% of the Origin Crystals mined in the past six months, including the precious metals refined, to Planet Liuxia,” Xu Tui ordered.

Li Qingping’s words reminded Xu Tui. If something good happened, would something bad happen?

It was better to prepare early.

Qu Qingshan was already waiting in the quantum teleportation channel when Xu Tui and the others appeared on Planet Peach.

Xu Tui did not find any traces of battle in the base the moment he appeared.

“Mr. Qu, what happened?”

“Commander, the energy concentration point discovered in the eastern mountain area has discovered a mutation. The situation is very strange. I don’t Imow what happened either! You should go and take a look,” Qu Qingshan reported.

Then, Xu Tui brought An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, Qu Qingshan, and the others and quickly rushed to the mountainous area of Planet Peach.

Before this, Xu Tui had once asked Ah Huang to send out a large number of drones and reconnaissance robots to search the entire Planet Peach.

Firstly, he wanted to establish an immediate map of the ground of Planet Peach. Most importantly, he wanted to find the natural energy gathering places on Planet Peach. The effect of gathering energy after building an Origin Energy Cultivation Room in these natural energy gathering places was very good.

Ordinary energy concentration could reach more than nine units. There were more than a dozen points detected like this. Currently, he has only used six.

The energy gathering point in the eastern mountain area was not developed vigorously because it was relatively remote. Ah Huang only sent ten robots to carry out the infrastructure step by step.

The basic ground was flat, the preset design of the circuits and pipes, and the digging and prepositioning of the underground foundation. After such a long time, even if there were only ten robots, they had already reached a certain scale. The infrastructure had already been completed.

However, Xu Tui and the others were stunned when they arrived.

The infrastructure that had been completed long ago had become ruins. One of the ten robots had become wreckage, and the other nine were currently gathered at the side.

“Commander, according to the robot’s work log, an energy eruption suddenly appeared here. Robot 1127 was directly hit and was destroyed on the spot. However, the speed of the eruption was not fast. The other robots followed the risk avoidance procedure and dodged to the side. Then, after two hours, this place became what it is now.”

Qu Qingshan sent Xu Tui a video. In the video, energy suddenly erupted in the eastern mountainous area. However, it was not like the Energy Overflow

Tunnel on Mars. Instead, it began to shrink and converge after the eruption.

Gradually, as the amount of energy condensed increased, it formed something that looked like an energy vortex. At first glance, it looked a little similar to a quantum teleportation channel.

However, this was only for half an hour. Now, this mirror-like vortex had become a deep black. If he had to find something to compare it to, it would be like…

A miniature black hole!

This word suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

According to current scientific understanding, there were black holes in the universe, but black holes were actually very large. They could easily devour a planet. However, the deep energy vortex in front of him looked a little like a miniature black hole.

There was really no light left.

Xu Tui tried many tests. Be it items, electronic products, or all kinds of lights, they would disappear as long as they were thrown in or shone on them.

All of them disappeared! It could also devour light. Just this characteristic was a little like a black hole.

A minute later, Xu Tui looked at a 100-meter-long rope with a thoughtful expression. Just now, they had hung this rope with electronic devices into the miniature black hole. It had indeed fallen. Then he brought it up again. The electronic devices on the rope were all broken while the rope was intact.

This thing…

“Ah Huang, transfer a portion of the low-level ant beasts from Planet Spirit to me. Accurately test it with live bodies to see the strength of this miniature black hole. In addition, inject the remaining Transmutation Realm captives brought over from Planet Kono with the healing potion. I want to hypnotize them and use them to conduct a live detection.

“At the same time, transfer a small number of criminals of the Mechanical Spirit Race from the prison on Planet Mechanical Spirit Number One. I want to use them to conduct a live detection.” Xu Tui gave a series of orders.

This order was given in front of Yin Ba.

Yin Ba did not object. It was normal to use a criminal to detect it. The Mechanical Spirit Race was a planetary society, so there were naturally criminals.

“Xu Tui, Little Six seems to know something.” An Xiaoxue’s voice suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue in shock. “Did Little Six tell you?”

“He was communicating with me with his consciousness just now,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was depressed. He had to think of a way to deal with this guy. What a joke. Staying in Xu Tui’s body and communicating with An Xiaoxue without Xu Tui’s permission felt like he was not under control. Especially in Xu Tui’s body. It would be terrible if Little Six hooked up with the enemy.

Once that happened, Xu Tui would not even know how he died.

“Little Six, Xiaoxue said you know what this is?”

“Of course. This thing was very common in the past.”

“What is it?”

“In your words, it’s called a black hole or a wormhole. In the words of our era, it’s called a cosmic tunnel!

“It’s the cosmic tunnel that those mighty figures, who transcended after achieving the Small Universe, collect black holes to make it easier for them to pass through the distant universe. They mainly lead to various small universes.”

After a pause, Little Six said, “This is also the reason why the energy on your planet is dense. Energy dissipates from the natural cosmic tunnel nodes, so the energy here is naturally dense. In the past, such a place was called the Blessed Enclave!”

Xu Tui’s eyelids twitched when he heard that. Little Six’s words had brought up the Blessed Enclave again. However, it sounded very reasonable.

Xu Tui was delighted when he heard Little Six’s explanation of the cosmic tunnel. Did this mean that he could enter the small universe he was looking for through this tunnel? Does that mean he could seize a small universe as soon as possible?

Xu Tui immediately asked this question.

“In theory, yes, but you’re dreaming!” Little Six sneered. “What do humans on the Blue Star define as a black hole or a wormhole? It should be extremely dangerous, right?”

“That’s true. Up until now, technology has not been able to detect black holes effectively.”

“Similarly, in our era, black holes were a taboo that only mighty figures who transcended the small universe could touch. If you don’t have a travel pass and casually barge into the cosmic tunnel, there will basically only be two outcomes.”

“What result?”

“Lost or dead!”

This made Xu Tui instantly feel helpless. He scolded Little Six, “Then what did you say for half a day? You could have just said that I can’t enter. There’s so much nonsense.”

“No, I’m different! To a certain extent, I am a natural… guide!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1