Chapter 1317 - 1317: Holy Ancestor’S Decree

Chapter 1317: Holy Ancestor’s Decree

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Warning: Multiple missing auras have been detected. According to the immediate strategy, contact Number One urgently for arrangements.” “No reply from Number One. We will deal with it according to the strategy.”

“There are no strategies that are completely in line with the current situation in the predetermined strategy. Choose a new strategy.”

“Warning: The feedback has discovered that the aura of the Red Heart that has fused with Long-term Observation Target Number 37 has been abnormally strengthened. It is suspected that there has been a change. It will be searched and tested according to the fixed procedure. Activate the detection program.”

“The activation of the detection program has failed! The reason is that we have lost contact with the base.”

“According to the urgency, contact Number One urgently. No feedback from

Number One. It will be implemented according to the immediate strategy. Did not find a definitive strategy that completely matched the current situation. The system will choose a strategy that is suitable for the current situation.”

“Under the current circumstances, Long-term Observation Number 37 might have completely fused with the Red Heart. According to the fixed strategy, the authority level of Long-term Observation Number 37 might be increased again. According to the strategy, Number 37 would be promoted to Manager Number

37.”

“According to the procedure, have to immediately inform Number 37 of his management rights. Contact Manager Number 37. Contact failed.”

“The reason for the failure: lost contact with many bases. The order sank and will wait to contact Manager Number 37 again. Generate a summary log and report the incident of Number 37 being promoted as Manager Number 37 to those with the same or higher rights. Have to report this incident to Number One, Number Two, and Number Seven!

“The incident log has been released.”

“Warning: Discovered the lost base. Retrieving…”

Deep in the Milky Way, on a brightly lit planet, a man in a cloak suddenly trembled. He found an uninhabited place in the shortest time possible and quietly looked at a small sword. Tiny cracks gradually appeared on the small sword in his hand. The cracks expanded rapidly before slowly disintegrating.

In a few seconds, the small sword shattered into nothingness.

The man froze.

“So fast? Someone has reached the conditions to unseal it? He has already unsealed the seal on Planet Kono’s Origin Domain Space?” As he muttered, the man’s eyes lit up. “It’s also a good thing to unseal it. This is at least much better than forcefully unsealing it ten years later. But I wonder who had unsealed it. If it was unsealed, it would not be long before the small universes will appear.

“In that case, the Samsara Small Universe was about to appear. If I could know this news, that old ghost of the Spiritual Race would probably be able to sense it. He had also done something. It looked like I needed to get out of here.

However…”

The man looked at the brightly lit planet and frowned.

If An Xiaoxue or Ji Guoliang saw this man’s brows, they would definitely exclaim, “Teacher!”

This man was Shang Long!

At the same time, in another starry sky of the Milky Way. In the originally pitch-black and quiet starry sky, where there were only a dozen or so stars flickering, a ball of light suddenly erupted. A ball of dazzling light erupted from the pitch-black void of the starry sky. In an instant, a phantom in white clothes and long hair appeared above the ball of starlight. “Has their successor finally appeared?

“The seal of that space had been completely unsealed by their inheritor! It seemed that the true solar system would gradually recover! If the solar system recovered, the Milky Way would not be far away.

“However, the seal of the Fire Screen had not been broken… The Sun Guardian is still there. I could not pass! Let them take action…” After muttering a few times, the shadow disappeared.

A few minutes later, the tallest building on a dazzling main planet in the Milky Way suddenly erupted with a dazzling light. Balls of light circulated and lingered, forming a screen of light that contained a majestic aura.

All the elders of the Sanctuary who were cultivating in the Sanctuary sensed the aura of the light screen at this moment.

An old voice rang out at this moment. “The Holy Ancestor has issued a decree. The 14 main elders of the five lineages of the Sanctuary will appear in the holy temple within 60 seconds to welcome the Holy Ancestor’s decree with me.”

“We will follow the Great Elder’s orders and will arrive immediately.”

A grand voice sounded everywhere on the Spiritual Race’s mother planet. In less than 60 seconds, 15 illusory or solid figures appeared in front of the door of the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. Xu Yi, who was dressed in white and holding a disc, gently pushed open the door of the Sanctuary.

In the next moment, golden words immediately appeared on the hanging light screen in the holy temple.

A minute later, the light screen disappeared.

The Great Elder of the Sanctuary, Xu Yi, turned around and looked at everyone. “You have already understood the decree of the Holy Ancestor. The true solar system is about to recover. In the future, our focus will shift from suppressing the Great Xi Clan and the Muya Clan to the solar system.

“The small universes after the recovery of the solar system would be our main goal! We have waited hundreds or thousands of years for this goal. Only by achieving this goal can we solve the predicament that we will definitely die!

“However, the fire screen seal and the Sun Guardian are still there. Most of us could not pass because of our cultivation. Shui Zhi, it hasn’t been long since you reached perfection, right?” Great Elder Xu Yi asked.

Elder Shui Zhi’s face instantly turned pale. “Grand Elder, I’ve only attained perfection for ten years. I’m about to evolve my own body and come into contact with the small universe.”

“That’s just the beginning! Go. Cripple your cultivation for a hundred years and degenerate to a Nine Satellites Planetary realm. Bring people to the solar system and fight for us. Coincidentally, your strength is also very suitable,” Great Elder Xu Yi said.

The face of the main elder, Shui Zhi, who was ranked 15th, turned pale again. His expression became extremely ugly. “Great Elder, I…”

“You’re unwilling?” The Great Elder, Xu Yi, stared coldly at Shui Zhi. “Idiot, this is an opportunity that others can’t even dream of when the real universe is about to return. You actually hesitated! If you break through again in the solar system, you will immediately rise to the top six in our ranking!”

Although Great Elder Xu Yi had said it well, Fifteenth Elder Shui Zhi was still not too determined. After cultivating for so many years, he had just broken through to the Planetary realm and touched a little power. Now, he was suddenly going to return to his original state.

However, Great Elder Xu Yi was very dissatisfied with his hesitation.

His eyes suddenly focused as he stared at the Fifteen Elder, Shui Zhi. In the next moment, the void around Shui Zhi instantly contracted and collapsed. Shui Zhi’s expression changed drastically, and blood spurted out of his seven orifices. The aura around him began to decline rapidly.

In less than a minute, the aura around Elder Shui Zhi quickly fell from its previous state. The aura that was completely one instantly turned into ten dazzling spots of light.

One main planet and nine satellites.

He was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

The other elders were shocked, but Shui Zhi had a tragic expression.

“Shui Zhi, this is an opportunity for you! You are also the most suitable for now! You have to work hard. I promise you that if you don’t obtain the corresponding opportunity in the solar system to perfection again, I will personally help you achieve it in the future and show you my small universe!” Great Elder Xu Yi’s methods were very brilliant.

As soon as these words were spoken, Elder Shui Zhi, who had just been forcefully sent back to the Planetary realm, felt a little better.

“Thank you for your nurture, Great Elder. I hesitated. I will definitely open the tunnel at all costs when I head to the solar system this time.” Shui Zhi was also tactful, even though he really did not want to go previously.

“You should understand. The reason why we did this was firstly, that the solar system needed a true Holy Temple Elder to preside over it in the future. Only then could we suppress the power of the various factions.

“Secondly, although your cultivation level had fallen to the Planetary realm, your true strength far exceeded the Planetary realm. It was enough for you to deal with all the dangers before the seal of the Fire Screen was broken. I’ve made myself clear, right?”

“Understood. Thank you for your nurture, Great Elder!” Shui Zhi bowed again.

“It’s good that you understand. Choose a portion of your capable subordinates yourself. Then, I’ll send some people as well. Do your best.” Great Elder Xu Yi

waved his hand.

“We will follow the Great Elder’s orders.”

After nodding, the Great Elder nodded. He turned around and brought a group of elders to bow to the decree in the holy temple.

“We will follow the decree of the Holy Ancestor. We will send the Holy Ancestor off and wait for the Holy Ancestor to descend.”

After three shouts, the Holy Ancestor’s decree that was like a light screen in the Sanctuary dissipated.

At the same time, in the distant Milky Way, the white-robed figure of the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor was still standing in the resplendent starlight that had appeared previously. He was looking in the direction of the Spiritual Race’s mother planet.

It was not until the voice in the Sanctuary sounded that the white-robed figure slowly moved.

“I hope that you won’t disappoint me this time…” After saying that, the phantom of the white-robed Holy Ancestor turned in a certain direction in the universe and muttered, “Everyone, will this be a decisive battle between us?”

As he muttered, the phantom of the white-robed Holy Ancestor gradually turned illusory and returned to the ball of dazzling starlight that had suddenly appeared.

A few seconds later, the dazzling starlight that had suddenly appeared also began to quickly converge. Then, it completely converged and returned to nothingness. The starry sky that had been illuminated by this ball of starlight became quiet and pitch-black again at this moment.

The ball of dazzling starlight that had appeared just now seemed to have never appeared in the universe.

On Planet Kono, the figure of Raymont, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, who was participating in the meeting, suddenly trembled. The green light around his body trembled uncontrollably.

“Everyone, my old injuries suddenly relapsed. Continue the meeting first. I need some time.” After apologizing, Raymont left as quickly as he could, leaving the people in charge of the Blue Star at a loss.

After leaving the venue, Raymont immediately returned to the official residence. He took out a green seal and instantly sank his mind into it. He began to communicate.

Something did not seem right..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1