Chapter 1310 - 1310: Fire Screen Seal (1)

Chapter 1310: Fire Screen Seal (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui communicated with Little Six in the green space. He gained something, but he was more shocked.

This world, or rather, the universe that they had observed through science previously, was more mysterious and complicated than what they had observed.

It was only because Xu Tui had cultivated and obtained supernatural power that he had come into contact with a mysterious and ridiculous universe that the current science could not explain. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have gone crazy.

His original worldview and understanding would really go crazy if they were instantly destroyed by a massive amount of conclusive news. That was how a scientific lunatic came about.

Because science was their faith!

Xu Tui felt that he was almost there.

Little Six actually said that the universe that Xu Tui and the others saw was incomplete and sealed, be it the solar system or the Milky Way. If this was said in a more advanced scientific way, it would be that the dimension was not enough.

Currently, the humans on the Blue Star could only see three-dimensional space. A small number of people could see the world between three and four. However, be it the solar system or the Milky Way, many places existed in higher dimensions.

This dimensional theory could also be understood as a seal.

Scientific and mythological explanations.

This explanation almost made Xu Tui break down.

Xu Tui did not understand the Milky Way. He had never been there, but who dared to say that he did not understand the solar system? He had already passed through at least a quarter of the solar system.

Now, Little Six told Xu Tui that the solar system he saw was incomplete. It was like someone telling you that a portion of the road you had just walked on was missing. Looking back, the road was intact.

However, there was evidence. Who could stand it?

“Then… according to you, this origin domain space is the key to undoing the seals of these invisible small universes in the solar system. Then how many small universes can we not see in the solar system?” Xu Tui asked in silence.

“You should ask how many there are.” At this moment, Little Six had a high and mighty aura.

“How much?”

“I’m not sure either. Anyway, it’s impossible for there to be a few! There won’t be many. However, there are a few small universes that you have to remember. After the seal is unsealed, you have to think of a way to occupy and control them,” Little Six said.

“Which ones?”

“The most important thing is the small universe of Samsara that I just told you about. Then, there are the four origin small universes of earth, water, wind, and fire. The rest, such as the small universe of the Heavenly Realm, can be delayed. However, the small universe of Samsara is extremely important in the first five small universes.

“Once it was lost, it would be the extinction of the race! Once the four origin universes were all lost, the solar system might be completely lost. There would also be the disaster of extermination. So, you have to…”

“Stop, stop, stop!” Xu Tui suddenly stopped Little Six. Green light floated in the energy domain space. Clearly, Little Six was a little puzzled.

“What’s wrong?

“Let’s not talk about this. Don’t give me an explanation. I’m afraid. I could not bear the calamity of the extermination of my race. I’m not unsealing this place. I want to leave this place. I should leave it to those who have the ability to worry about these responsibilities. I can’t take it. Besides, rather than having our race wiped out, it’s better not to unseal it.”

In the Origin Domain Space, the green light began to fluctuate violently. The passive resonance feedback to Xu Tui was that Little Six was angry.

Xu Tui ignored him. Instead, he walked toward An Xiaoxue’s side. An Xiaoxue had almost finished absorbing the green light. What Xu Tui had told Little Six just now was not a joke. It was true.

After the seal was unsealed, there was a possibility that the race would be wiped out. It was better not to unseal it.

This was good.

“You… How can you do this? Are you still a man?” Little Six was anxious!

“Of course I’m a man. Those who know will naturally know! Besides, didn’t I make it very clear? After the seal is unsealed, if we can’t obtain these small universes, our race will be wiped out. Then why should I unseal it? It would be fine if I don’t unseal it. It’s good now. We humans will slowly accumulate our strength and do it slowly. We will definitely be able to kill the enemy.” Xu Tui was very satisfied after he finished speaking. Even he felt that his words made sense.

Perfect!

“You… You don’t know! It’s almost time for the seal to be unsealed!” Little Six was furious.

“Then switch to the next person. I feel that I can’t do it!”

“You! Why would I choose someone like you? I’m so angry!” Little Six was really angry. “Do you understand?”

“I don’t understand! It’s dangerous to unseal it. Why should I unseal it!” Little Six was about to go crazy.

The six people who had come or come into contact with him before were all anxious to undo the so-called seal. However, they did not obtain the Red Heart and could not undo it even if they wanted to.

But now, someone finally came over with the Red Heart, but he did not want to unseal it.

It was too mucn.

At this moment, Little Six wanted to kill someone.

No matter how exasperated Little Six was, Xu Tui ignored him. He only looked at An Xiaoxue quietly. He would leave with An Xiaoxue after she finished absorbing the green power and obtained the benefits.

After the seal was unsealed, the clan would be wiped out if anything went wrong. Then why should he unseal it?

Wouldn’t that make them a fool?

Green light surged in the space. Little Six suddenly quietened down when he saw Xu Tui waiting quietly.

Although he had always been in a state of confinement, Little Six had accumulated a lot of intelligence over the past few thousand years. Or rather, he was intelligent.

However, Little Six was a little depressed..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1