Chapter 1312 - 1312: Unseal And Little Six’S Disappearance?

Chapter 1312: Unseal and Little Six’s Disappearance?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui already understood what to do after Little Six showed him the tattered seal of the fire screen.

As for Little Six saying that An Xiaoxue would definitely die in the next few years or more than ten years if Xu Tui did not unseal the seal, that was just adding insult to injury.

However, Xu Tui was not in a hurry to undo the seal of the so-called origin domain space. It had been so many years. It doesn’t matter if it was delayed for a while.

Three minutes later, An Xiaoxue absorbed all of the green light and slowly stood up. After standing up, there was an additional ball of illusory light above the original jade futon like the other futons.

What surprised Xu Tui was that An Xiaoxue, who had stood up, suddenly felt lighter. Even her hair was fluttering gently without any wind.

“What kind of power did you obtain? I should have obtained a very powerful wind-type power.” An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui in surprise.

“It’s not very powerful. It’s a very powerful and important power,” Little Six added. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue ignored it.

At this moment, the two of them were looking at each other. However, An Xiaoxue was pleasantly surprised, while Xu Tui was pleasantly surprised and puzzled.

Wind-element power was indeed more suitable for An Xiaoxue. In terms of the speed at which wind-element power was represented, this made An Xiaoxue’s survivability on the battlefield stronger. Little Six was still reliable in this aspect.

However, why did the wind -type power appear after An Xiaoxue absorbed the green ball of light and directly affected her?

However, there was no movement from Xu Tui after he absorbed the blue power.

Was it related to the red fire slip?

An Xiaoxue did not have a red fire slip. It was directly absorbed into her body or even her mental body. As for Xu Tui, it was directly received by the red fire slip.

This should be the difference.

“Xiaoxue, Little Six just now…”

“Although I could not move just now, I heard your conversation!” Little Six immediately became excited when he heard An Xiaoxue’s words. He thought that An Xiaoxue would immediately persuade Xu Tui to undo the seal of the Origin Domain Space.

However, he immediately became depressed.

“Decide if you want to unseal it or not. Don’t be affected by this just because Little Six said something about my life and death! The enemy is here. It’s just a battle. We’ll rely on our own methods! If we had to die when the enemy arrived, what was the point of cultivating? I’ll always be with you,” An Xiaoxue said.

Little Six was depressed. He had thought that An Xiaoxue would persuade Xu Tui, but he did not expect it to be like this.

“Yes, I will always be with you.” Xu Tui’s large hand passed through An Xiaoxue’s hair. He seemed to be telling An Xiaoxue, but also seemed to be telling himself.

“Actually, it’s a very easy choice. If we don’t unseal it, we will encounter terrifying enemies in the future. According to the current situation, that will indeed be difficult! It’s possible to repair the seal of the Fire Screen and increase my strength by unsealing the Origin Domain. Xiaoxue, which one do you think I should choose?” Xu Tui asked An Xiaoxue.

“Don’t you already know?” An Xiaoxue chuckled.

Xu Tui nodded gently. He turned around and looked at the green light in the space. “Little Six, tell me how to unseal it.”

“Rat Xu, you’ve finally decided! The method to unseal…”

“Wait, Little Six, what did you call him?” Xu Tui did not notice, but An Xiaoxue could.

“Rat Xu!”

“His name is Xu Tui!”

“I’ll call him Rat Xu! He’s as timid as a rat!”

Xu Tui was stunned. He could not tell, but An Xiaoxue could. “Little Six, I’ll emphasize it again. His name is Xu Tui. Remember it well.”

“I know. His name is Rat Xu Shu.”

In the next moment, An Xiaoxue grabbed Xu Tui’s arm and was about to walk out. “Let’s go. Let him play alone. We’ll go to our own planet and play slowly.”

An Xiaoxue’s attitude was extremely determined. Although she did not know how to leave, An Xiaoxue still pulled Xu Tui toward the light screen behind her. Little Six instantly became extremely aggrieved. “Sister Xiaoxue, I’m on your side.”

“I know.”

“Then why did you…”

“His name is Xu Tui.” An Xiaoxue’s expression was calm, but there was an indescribable determination in her eyes.

“Alright, Xu Tui!” In front of An Xiaoxue, Little Six compromised. “Xu Tui, the method to unseal is actually very simple. Place your hand beside the green light screen in front of you, then touch it with your mind power. Then, wait quietly. The unsealing will happen naturally.”

Xu Tui nodded. He took a few steps forward and touched the green light screen with his palm. It felt a little bouncy, but there was no movement.

There was no movement from the red fire slip in his mind. However, when Xu Tui slowly touched it with his mind power, the green light screen suddenly enveloped his entire body. At the same time, the red fire slip trembled and instantly shone with red light.

Layers of indescribable power instantly surged out of the red fire slip and into the green light.

Xu Tui felt that the red light that surged out of the red fire slip was as if it had been turned on. In an instant, the entire green space seemed to have set off a tsunami. It shook violently.

“Don’t panic. It’s normal.” Little Six’s voice sounded.

The power in the green space was quickly condensing, transforming, and dissipating. In just a few minutes, it suddenly dissipated. The power in the green space disappeared completely in the shortest time possible.

At the same time, an ear-piercing alarm sounded in the command center of the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization.

“Warning: Super powerful energy fluctuations have been detected. The strongest energy fluctuation has exceeded the current upper limit of the detection!

“Warning: Super powerful energy fluctuations have been detected. The strongest energy fluctuation has exceeded the current upper limit of the detection!”

“Warning: Super powerful energy fluctuations have been detected. The strongest energy fluctuation has exceeded the current upper limit of the detection!”

In an instant, the entire Planet Kono was woken up by the ear-piercing alarm. In all the bases, roars rang out. It was the roar of all kinds of instruments operating at full power. This included all kinds of defense measures, energy protection shields, and emergency alarms in the base.

The last attack of the Muya Clan had shocked the Blue Star. This time, such a powerful unknown force instantly caused Planet Kono to be in an uproar. The eight Planetary realm powerhouses guarding Planet Kono instantly soared into the sky. Even the quasi-planetary powerhouses immediately soared into the sky.

However, Planetary realm powerhouses were still rational.

They immediately locked onto the dozens of extremely powerful energy fluctuations in the alarm. This was especially so for the strongest energy fluctuations that exceeded the upper limit of the device’s detection. They were extremely shocked.

Those energy fluctuations exceeded their understanding. Even the energy fluctuations of the legendary Planetary realm powerhouses could not compare!

What was going on!

A group of Planetary realm powerhouses, including Raymont, wanted to chase after them, but those energy belts instantly disappeared into the vast universe.

The Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star looked at each other in shock.

Was something going to happen?

The Planet Kono below was already in chaos.

Deep underground, in the green space, the light instantly dissipated. Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes. It felt like it was over!

“It’s completed just like that?” Xu Tui was a little surprised. This was very fast. However, Xu Tui froze in the next moment. There was no more mental feedback from Little Six for the passive resonance in his spiritual resonance.

It was as if he had disappeared.

Under normal circumstances, as long as it existed, there would be feedback from the passive resonance. It was just like before. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue could not find Little Six, but the passive resonance could give Xu Tui feedback.

Xu Tui’s heart instantly sank.

“Xiaoxue, Little Six might have disappeared because he was unsealed. He might have… died!” Xu Tui’s tone was extremely heavy.

“Little Six is dead. This…

While An Xiaoxue was in shock, Little Six’s voice suddenly rang out again. “You cursed me to die. You sure are good! Xu Tui, don’t worry. I won’t die even if you die!”

Xu Tui was stunned. Where did this voice come from?

At the same time, when the streams of light that rushed out of Planet Kono scattered in all directions, some strange changes began to happen in the universe..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1