Chapter 1318 - 1318: Revival And Mutation On Planet Peach

Chapter 1318: Revival and Mutation on Planet Peach

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Planet Kono, the general base of the pioneer raiders.

Bu Qingqiu, who had rushed out of the underground tunnel, could not hide the excitement on her face. After so long, she could finally break through. The surging aura in her body made her exceptionally happy.

Although she understood that Planet Kono was not the most suitable place for her to break through, who would care about this at this moment? She had to hurry up if she could break through.

After rushing out of the underground tunnel, Bu Qingqiu took out a large number of Origin Crystals. When she saw Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue coming out to protect her, she instantly released her mind power and activated her main star with all her might.

However, perhaps it was because she was nervous, Bu Qingqiu did not notice the strange expression on Xu Tui’s body.

In the next moment, because Bu Qingqiu had completely released her mind power, it instantly triggered a resonance between the heavens and earth. Countless energy surged towards Bu Qingqiu and instantly formed an energy vortex.

However, the moment the energy vortex formed, it suddenly dissipated.

Bu Qingqiu felt that the mind power that she had just extended seemed to be covered by a layer of something. It suddenly withered. All the fluctuations, the breakthrough fluctuations that she could not suppress previously, disappeared at this moment.

Bu Qingqiu was stunned! She was dumbfounded. Did she fail in her breakthrough? So fast?

However, when she searched her body with her mind power, she did not suffer a backlash. It did not seem like a failed breakthrough. Then why did the breakthrough stop?

Strange.

Bu Qingqiu suddenly felt ashamed when she sensed the gazes of An Xiaoxue, Yin Ba, and the others. Everyone was looking forward to her breaking through to the Planetary realm. However, she could not break through after so long.

And today, she had failed the moment she just started. She did not even encounter a backlash. It was simply terrifying!

Far away, Xu Tui was communicating with Little Six. “Little Six, why exactly?

Why did you determine that Miss Bu failed to break through?”

“This Miss Bu should be cultivating the ancient Great Dao, right?” Little Six asked.

“What is the ancient Great Dao?”

“You don’t know?

Xu Tui had a look that said, ‘What do you think?”

“The ancient Great Dao is actually a cultivation method that uses one’s own strength to activate the power of heaven and earth. In ancient Huaxia, these cultivators were called Qi Cultivators. Basically, the powerful people in the ancient myths of Huaxia, especially most of the humans, are qi cultivators.”

Xu Tui was stunned. An ancient Qi cultivator? How could this be related? However, if he thought about it carefully, it was a little similar.

Bu Qingqiu cultivated the purest power of the School of General Senses. Her path was really similar to that of ancient cultivators. It was to use her own strength to mobilize the power of heaven and earth.

Xu Tui was also stunned when he thought of this. In that case, other than the Small God Slaying Sword and the mental hammer, the Mountain Formula, Stab Formula, and so on were also of the Perception Instantiation.

Didn’t that mean that it would be very troublesome for him to break through in the future? He might not even be able to break through.

“Little Six, the School of General Senses should be similar to ancient q cultivators. Then why did she fail to break through? What is the reason?” Xu Tui asked.

“The reason is actually very simple. However, do you have any candy?” Little Six said.

Damn!

Xu Tui’s depression was indescribable. Was he an old monster who had lived for thousands of years? He wanted candy?

He was still a brat!

Fortunately, Xu Tui had a quantum dimensional chain. These gadgets did not take up much space and he had brought a lot. Occasionally, he would have one in his mouth to satisfy his cravings.

In the next moment, a strange scene appeared. A lollipop floated strangely beside Xu Tui and quickly shrunk. “Yes, this candy is delicious.”

“Then what’s the reason?”

“The reason why she can’t break through is the heavenly tribulation! If she wants to mobilize the power of the world, she has to experience the baptism of the heavenly tribulation to break through and obtain a stronger regulatory ability.

“However, the current solar system was incomplete, so the heavenly tribulation could not be formed. Therefore, she can’t break through,” Little Six said.

This answer made Xu Tui completely depressed. Didn’t that mean that Bu Qingqiu would never be able to break through, including his breakthrough?

“No, now is not possible, but she definitely can in the future. She can break through after the solar system completely recovers its original appearance,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui became even more depressed. The complete restoration of the solar system meant the return of those small universes. In other words, at that time, the situation in the solar system would basically stabilize.

Before this, Xu Tui needed Bu Qingqiu’s combat strength the most after she broke through.

At that time, it would not be of much use to break through.

Suddenly, Xu Tui thought of a question. “Miss Bu, did the founder of the School of General Senses, Mr. Chen Chuxuan, break through to the Planetary realm?” Xu Tui asked through voice transmission. “He should have broken through, right?”

“What is ‘should’?”

“I don’t know! After Mr. Chen reached the peak of the quasi-planetary realm, he said that he wanted to explore the Great Dao. I haven’t seen him since he left his inheritance and notes! But after so many years, he might…”

Suddenly, Bu Qingqiu thought of something. She could not help but look at Xu

Tui. “Xu Tui, do you know something?”

“No, come back first.” Xu Tui waved his hand. At this moment, he had already sensed and noticed the abnormality on Planet Kono. There were actually seven extremely powerful auras on Planet Kono. Seven quasi-planetary experts were breaking through to the Planetary realm.

“Little Six, do you know the reason? Also, the problem of Miss Buts breakthrough? Why was this happening? Why is it that only the School of General Senses has such a breakthrough limit?”

“The problem of breaking through is simple. Find an independent small universe and she will be able to break through! As for why there was such a breakthrough restriction, at the moment, I could only say that this involved the choice of the Great Dao and the battle for the Great Dao.

“It was also one of the reasons for the current situation. You’ll slowly understand in the future!” After a pause, Little Six said, “As for the sudden breakthrough of so many quasi-planetary experts, it’s actually very normal.

The reason was the unsealing of the origin domain space.

The Origin Domain Space sealed all the small universes in the solar system to protect the solar system. However, at the same time, it also placed the solar system in a sealed state.

Now that the origin domain space had been unsealed, the small universes in the solar system would slowly recover. During the recovery process, including the unsealing of the origin domain space, it would replenish the origin power of various forces, including earth, water, wind, and fire, into the solar system.

This thing is very mysterious and complicated.

“This is also a benefit brought to you by the unsealing of the origin domain space. In the future, the cultivation speed of you humans will increase. The probability of breaking through the bottleneck will increase, and the success rate of breaking through various realms will greatly increase. The probability of geniuses and elite cultivators appearing will even increase greatly,” Little Six said.

“Eh, that’s a great thing! It won’t be long before the Blue Star humans can chase away the Spiritual Race or even destroy the Muya Clan?” Xu Tui said.

“Don’t be happy too early. This is because the newly revived small universes will by default belong to the solar system and contribute to the light and warmth of the solar system. However, once these revived small universes were occupied by other alien forces, the benefits that humans would obtain would be “If too many small universes were lost, it would even be worse than before. It’s just like resources. There are only so many in the world. If you have more, you will have fewer enemies. If you occupy less, you will have more enemies,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was silent. The situation or the impact was more serious than he had imagined.

Little Six had brought him too much information. He could only slowly digest it.

After consoling Bu Qingqiu, who had interrupted her breakthrough, Xu Tui was about to head to the Huaxia Sector’s general base. A Planetary realm powerhouse was breaking through there. Xu Tui was prepared to guard and observe.

However, he had only taken a few steps when Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Xu Tui, there’s an urgent report from Planet Liuxia. There’s a mutation on Planet Peach. Qu Qingshan and the others can’t deal with it. Please return quickly.”

“A mutation on Planet Peach?” Xu Tui’s expression instantly became extremely solemn.. They could not afford to lose Planet Peach!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1