Chapter 1313 - 1313: Ceres’ Relic Palace And The Mutation Of Blue Star (1)

Chapter 1313: Ceres’ Relic Palace and the Mutation of Blue Star (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Other than the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization on Planet Kono, very few people knew about the super powerful energy fluctuations emitted by Planet Kono. After all, the current universe was extremely vast. However, after these super-strong energies dissipated, there were some strange changes in the entire solar system.

The first to change was Ceres Star.

Ceres Star was not famous in the solar system, especially before the Spiritual Race invaded a hundred years ago. Blue Star had only observed Ceres Star. It was regarded as the smallest dwarf planet in the solar system.

Most of the research projects were focused on the other nine planets.

However, after the Spiritual Race invaded a hundred years ago, the genetic cultivation of humans on the Blue Star erupted. After a Planetary realm powerhouse appeared and stepped onto Ceres, he realized the importance of

Ceres.

Ceres was actually a transportation hub that had existed for a long time in the solar system. Through Ceres, they could quickly reach other planets that had established connections.

Moreover, these transportation hubs seemed to have existed for a long time. They were not built by the Spiritual Race, much less the Blue Star humans.

Therefore, the humans of the Blue Star yearned for Ceres Star even more. They explored with all their might and obtained a little progress. This was why the Fire God, Gavro, led people to attack Ceres Star.

Everyone thought that after the Blue Star humans occupied Ceres Star, they would welcome a huge counterattack. The Blue Star humans would be able to completely dominate the solar system through the transit hub of Ceres Star.

However, the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor had destroyed the hope of the Blue Star with a finger. As a result, the Blue Star experts had always been inexplicably afraid of Ceres Star. Even if they attacked Ceres Star again half a year ago, including Cai Shaochu and Erera, they were still very careful. No one dared to jump.

The Fire God, Gavro, was so strong, but he was still killed by a finger.

Currently, none of the experts, including Erera, had reached the level of the

Fire God, Gavro. Although they were afraid, they had killed their way back to Ceres Star after all. Moreover, it had been half a year before they felt at ease.

This time, the Blue Star humans had a more detailed understanding of Ceres Star. Even the Fire God, Gavro, did not understand as much as he did now when he attacked Ceres Star last time.

There were palace-like ancient ruins on Ceres Star. Or rather, it was an ancient transportation hub. There were a total of four such palace-like ancient ruins. They were called Ceres’ Relic Palace.

These four palaces did not have a name. However, their architectural style was very clear.

For example, of the two palaces that the Blue Star had occupied, one of them was like a towering tree, while the other seemed to be underground. It was completely dark blue and looked more like a calm sea. The Relic Palace of Ceres that was occupied by the Spiritual Race looked like a large ball of jumping flames.

The Ceres’ Relic Palace that was occupied by the Great Xi Clan was a rock image.

The order from Huaxia was very simple. According to Huaxia’s traditional knowledge, the four palaces were named after the earth, water, wind, and fire.

For example, Erera and Haren from the European Sector had named the four ruins. Some were called the Earth God Palace, the Earth Temple, the Fire Sacred Palace, and so on. So far, a few families were still arguing over the name of the four palaces.

Before there were any results for the time being, they would call whatever names they liked.

Although the Blue Star had occupied the Wood Relic Palace and the Water Relic Palace, they did not gain anything. Currently, three characteristics have been discovered in the Ceres’ Relic Palace.

The first characteristic was that the four major Ceres’ Relic Palaces had a slight characteristic of blocking mind power or energy perception. Mind power or energy perception could enter, but his perception was very blurry.

The second characteristic was that the buildings of the four Ceres’ Relic Palaces were terrifyingly hard. The Blue Star’s three-phase thermal bombs could not destroy it. The attacks of the Blue Star’s strongest Planetary realm powerhouse, Erera, could not destroy the Ceres’ Relic Palace at all.

The third characteristic was the most practical one at the moment. There was a transportation hub in the Ceres’ Relic Palace, but this transportation hub had not been activated. However, in the Ceres’ Relic Palace, it was very easy to use the quantum array core to establish and solidify a quantum teleportation channel.

Moreover, the quantum fluctuations in the quantum teleportation channel solidified in the Ceres’ Relic Palace were much more stable. The quantum teleportation channels of other planets would take 24 hours to stabilize after a Planetary realm powerhouse passed through because they triggered a quantum fluctuation.

However, in the Ceres’ Relic Palace, time had shrunk by half. It only took 12 hours.

It meant a lot.

However, up until now, they had not discovered the transportation hub function of Ceres Star that the Fire God, Gavro, and the others had instructed them to do back then.

Therefore, the Blue Star’s seven sectors and one organization that arrived at Ceres Star secretly sent many professional researchers to study the Ancient Wood and Water Relic Palaces that they had currently occupied.

They wanted to find out the secret inside and see if they could find out the secret of the Ceres transportation hub.

If the function of the Ceres transportation hub was unearthed, the Blue Star’s reliance on the quantum array core would be greatly reduced.

Therefore, the Blue Star was still putting a lot of effort into the Ceres Star’s Relic Palaces. A large number of researchers used all kinds of scientific and supernatural methods to explore the Relic Palaces inch by inch, wanting to find the secret of the transportation hub..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1