Chapter 1314 - 1314: Ceres’ Relic Palace And The Mutation Of Blue Star (2)

Chapter 1314: Ceres’ Relic Palace and the Mutation of Blue Star (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the 2nd of April 2140, the Ancient Wood Relic Palace was still brightly lit.

More than a dozen research teams searched inch by inch in their respective directions. Currently, the Blue Star had occupied two relic palaces, but it could be considered clear.

For example, the Huaxia Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Africa Sector were currently in the Ancient Wood Relic Palace. The American Sector, the India Sector, the European Sector, and the Huaya Sector were in the Water Relic Palace. The Myth Organization reported that they did not choose sides. There were people in the two relic palaces.

Currently, it is considered a preliminary balance.

Within a few months of occupying these two palaces, the Blue Star had already used its own methods to build the defenses of the two palaces and the energy supply center.

The Ancient Wood Relic Palace, including Cai Shaochu, was also in the research sequence. This was also the reason why Cai Shaochu had returned to Ceres after his injuries improved slightly. Research was very important.

Cai Shaochu was an outstanding researcher, especially in the direction of supernatural beings. After a few months, he had gained almost nothing.

However, Cai Shaochu had no intention of giving up. This was how research was. Continuous failures were normal. Discovering it once amidst hundreds or thousands of continuous failures was a huge success.

Cai Shaochu was using his mind power and his Formula to study the mysterious patterns at the entrance of a building in the Ancient Wood Relic Palace. Suddenly, Cai Shaochu frowned.

Something seemed to be wrong.

There was an abnormal energy fluctuation. Cai Shaochu instantly turned around and spread his mind power in all directions like mercury. Cai Shaochu wanted to find the source of the abnormal energy fluctuation.

However, in the next moment, explosions instantly rang out in the Ancient Wood Relic Palace. The instruments in the hands of all the technological researchers instantly exploded with sparks and black smoke.

At the same time, all kinds of surveillance devices in the Ancient Wood Relic Palace instantly exploded. In serious cases, they even caught fire.

Cai Shaochu was shocked. He was about to head to the place with the strongest fluctuations to investigate the reason, but the moment Cai Shaochu turned around, an even stronger power fluctuation instantly rose from the main hall of the Ancient Wood Relic Palace behind him.

In the main hall, the most eye-catching thing was an ancient tree of unknown material. This was also the reason why this place was called the Ancient Wood Relic Palace. This ancient tree had been probed and studied countless times, but it did not gain anything. However, it lit up at a visible speed now.

Cai Shaochu’s gaze shifted, and he instantly pounced over. The moment his mental perception covered it, Cai Shaochu immediately made a different discovery. After hesitating for a moment, Cai Shaochu injected his boundless mind power into it without hesitation.

Cai Shaochu was stunned once he did it!

At the same time that he injected his mind power, all the situations in the Ancient Wood Relic Palace appeared in Cai Shaoshao’s mind. The Ancient Wood Relic Palace seemed to have become a whole.

A large number of energy fluctuations were fluctuating. A defensive barrier could also be activated or closed here.

Through the ancient tree in the main palace, Cai Shaochu realized that more than 80% of the technological equipment in the Ancient Wood Relic Palace had been destroyed. The higher the level of technological equipment, the more serious the destruction program. Instead, simple lighting equipment had been preserved.

A series of details that he had not discovered in the past appeared in Cai Shaochu’s mind.

While Cai Shaochu was happy, a huge question appeared in his mind. Why would such a change suddenly happen? Something must have happened that he did not know about! And it was not small. This change was definitely not an ordinary change.

It was huge! It was very important!

Almost at the same time, the same scene happened in the Water Relic Palace. However, the thing that changed in the Water Relic Palace was a fountain in the main palace. It suddenly began to shoot out water pillars.

A few top Planetary realm powerhouses from the various sectors immediately noticed the abnormality and rushed into the main palace of the Water Relic

Palace.

These top Planetary realm powerhouses from the various sectors, such as Itavi and Haren, had countless experiences. They had all experienced fortuitous encounters and storms. In an instant, they noticed the abnormality of the fountain in the main palace.

They all pounced towards the fountain in the Water Relic Palace. In the next second, something that no one could have expected happened. A chaotic battle began between the four top Planetary realm powerhouses.

Everyone wanted to snatch it, but no one gave way to anyone! Everyone wanted to snatch the fountain in the Water Relic Palace.

At the same time, the same thing happened in the Heavenly Fire Relic Palace and the Earth Relic Palace.

However, the two major palaces that occupied them were the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan. The main pillars of the two major palaces were undoubtedly controlled by the leaders of the two major factions.

They were controlled by Chi Jing and Gunter.

Gunter had some doubts after he controlled the main pillars of the two great remnant palaces. However, Chi Jing rose into the air and went straight into space.

In space, Chi Jing’s eyes erupted with dazzling flames. They were like two huge lights as he looked into the depths of the universe, as if he was looking for something. “Could it be that the legendary thing has happened?”

April 2nd, Blue Star.

In the Genetic Research Institute in the capital of the Huaxia Sector, a researcher who was monitoring the equipment was fiddling with his communication device in boredom.

He was monitoring the energy fluctuations in a radius of 1,000 miles with the capital as the center. Any energy fluctuations that erupted at the mid to late-stage of the Genetic Evolution Realm could be collected by the equipment.

Under normal circumstances, if he noticed anything unusual, he would immediately inform the Special Intelligence Division to deal with it.

Additionally, this device could monitor the concentration of energy around the capital. After shamelessly looking at one hot girl after another, the researcher felt a little helpless. He could not see or touch her. It felt uncomfortable.

In his boredom, he opened a certain app and wanted to try flirting again with the mentality of not giving up. However, he did not know that his proficiency in flirting as a researcher was simply unbearable to watch.

No one responded to his greetings. Yet, he was still looking forward to a response from one of the girls.

However, he was answered by the ear-piercing alarm of the monitoring center. The alarm did not alarm him as that was normal. He casually operated it and prepared to transfer the address of the alarm to the Special Intelligence Division. The Special Intelligence Division would send someone to deal with it.

However, when he saw the screen, he was stunned!

On the surveillance screen, the entire map was red!

With the capital as the center, the entire area within a thousand miles was red.

All of them were issuing alarms. In an instant, the researcher was stunned. Was this the end of the world?

That was unlikely.

After an instant of panic, the qualities of a top elite immediately allowed the researcher to discover the truth.

Origin energy!

The data showed that the concentration of energy within a thousand miles of the capital was increasing greatly. Before this, the energy concentration around the capital had become barren. The lowest was zero, and the highest was not more than 0.2 units.

But now, the lowest concentration of energy has reached 0.5 units. There were a few higher places that exceeded 1.0 per unit. Moreover, this number was still increasing. The concentration of energy in the area around the capital had increased greatly.

Amidst his shock, the researcher immediately reported to the higher-ups. At the same time, the same report flew to the highest management of the Blue Star like a snowflake.

There was only one abnormality. The concentration of energy on the Blue Star had increased greatly for some unknown reason. At the same time, a large number of genetic newcomers whose cultivation was stuck at a certain level began to break through for some reason.

Breaking through from the Mutation Realm to the Evolution Realm. Or breaking through to the Transmutation Realm at the peak of the Evolution Realm. Or break through from the peak of the Transmutation Realm to the quasi-planetary realm!

Some genetic cultivators who had already given up all hope were suddenly stunned by the throbbing aura in their bodies.

The same scene, the same abnormal energy movements were happening on the moon and Mars, including Planet Kono.

On Planet Kono, the energy was also moving. However, the first to notice the changes on Planet Kono was Wei Bin, who was recuperating. Countless energy suddenly gathered in Wei Bin’s body, which was recuperating. In an instant, it formed a huge energy vortex.

In the next moment, Wei Bin fell off the bed.. ‘What’s going on with my aura? Am I going to break through?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1