Chapter 1316 - 1316: Weighing And Picking Up Trash (2)

Chapter 1316: Weighing and Picking Up Trash (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Little Six enunciated every word. He felt like he was about to go crazy. Back then, many people wanted to call him Father and invite him over for a walk. Now, Xu Tui wanted to chase him away.

That anger!

“Xu Tui, let me tell you. This Red Heart was originally where I should stay.”

“But Red Heart is mine now!”

“You!” Little Six was angered by Xu Tui. “Alright, find a place where I can stay.

Do you think I’m willing to stay here? I’m not either!”

“Alright, I’ll find it for you!”

Xu Tui had many things that could store and nurture one’s mental body. Many of the gadgets that he and Yanzi had refined, including the jade slip and the quantum jade core, could store their mental bodies.

However, a minute later, Xu Tui was stunned. Everything he provided exploded after Little Six entered. Including the quantum jade core! Fortunately, this thing could be repaired and refined again. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have vomited blood.

“Hmph, if you can take out a place for me to stay, I’ll leave immediately. I’m not willing to follow you!” Little Six was smug.

After thinking for a few seconds, Xu Tui suddenly took out the body of the old coin, Tri Ling Ding. “Try this.”

“This looks a little sturdy. I’ll try.” Little Six was like a mischievous child. He was very brave in trying. Xu Tui only felt his spirit fluctuation flash, and a vast power entered Tri Ling Ding’s body.

In the next moment, Little Six shouted happily, “This body is good and strong enough to accept me! Moreover, it seems to be very fun. This is the first time I’ve seen this fun body. It seemed to be able to change! Good, good, good! I like this body.”

Just as Little Six was feeling extremely happy, Tri Ling Ding was about to go crazy. “Boss, save me! Save me, quickly save me!” Tri Ling Ding, who had always been very calm, cowered a second after Little Six entered and asked for help. “Boss, save me quickly. My origin is about to be blasted out of the body! Once my origin is blasted out of my main body, I will really die! Our Ling Clan will immediately perish without a physical body!” Tri Ling Ding became anxious.

Xu Tui: ‘

Xu Tui had thought that he had found a place for Little Six to stay. He did not expect the old coin, Tri Ling Ding, to not be able to withstand it.

Tri Ling Ding shouted for help, while Xu Tui was weighing the pros and cons.

Should he sacrifice Tri Ling Ding and let Little Six live in Tri Ling Ding’s body?

After weighing the pros and cons for a few seconds, Xu Tui made a choice. How should he put it? The life of the Ling Clan was still very rare. There were not many of them in the entire solar system. It did not seem worth it to destroy it just like that.

To be honest, Tri Ling Ding, an old coin, was still valuable. For example, ultra -long-range communication. Although only an intermediate colony had been SDIit, it was still verv useful at critical moments.

Moreover, the research value of Tri Ling Ding was quite strong. After weighing the pros and cons, Xu Tui finally shouted, “Little Six, come out. Don’t kill this old man. Go back to Red Heart!”

“You finally know my value?” Little Six was a little smug.

“No, Tri Ling Ding is more valuable. I can’t let you do anything to it. I can only suffer a little,” Xu Tui said.

Little Six: ‘

Tri Ling Ding’s surprise at this moment was indescribable. It did not expect its status in Xu Tui’s heart to be so important. Xu Tui would rather suffer himself than protect it. Even if Tri Ling Ding was an old coin, he would still be a little touched by this discovery.

A few seconds later, a majestic aura that could not be seen but could be sensed returned to Red Heart after Xu Tui released it.

Tri Ling Ding, who had almost died on the spot, was so touched that he almost cried.

“Little Six, is the removal of the origin domain seal over just like that?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course. What else do you want? You’re just a key,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui: “…”

Fortunately, he was the key. Xu Tui would have felt aggrieved if he was the lock.

“What about here? I mean, what will happen to the space we are in now?” Xu Tui asked.

“This is actually a very ordinary underground. Previously, it relied on the power of the seal and my power to exist. At the same time, it kept extracting the power of the earth vein to replenish itself. The power of the seal has already spread out. If I leave, this place will immediately collapse into ruins,” Little Six said.

“Uh, Little Six, I mean, since you’re guarding this place, are there any other benefits?” Xu Tui cleared his throat.

“Didn’t I give you the benefits? The last two powers are great benefits! Oh, there’s also me. I’m also a great benefit.” Little Six was very proud.

“That power… I guess so. Forget it! I mean the rest…” Xu Tui asked.

“This space is completely in front of you at this moment. What else can there be? Can’t you look for yourself?” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was speechless. He swept his gaze across the entire space that had lost its green light. The space that had lost the enhancement of the green light was no longer magical. Even the aura that had condensed on the eight jade futons seemed to have dissipated.

However, the material of the eight jade futons was still very magical in Xu Tui’s mental perception. At the very least, under Xu Tui’s microscopic perception, the material of these eight jade futons was much smoother than the quantum jade core that he and Yanzi had refined.

It was the kind of jade that was very moist.

“Little Six, is this jade futon something good?”

“This thing is trash! It’s so hard on my butt. I hate this the most.” Little Six’s tone was filled with disdain.

“Uh…” Xu Tui, who had not given up, took out the shattered quantum jade core and compared it to the jade futon. He would not have known if he did not pay attention. However, after a careful comparison, he realized that the material of the jade futon was really extraordinary.

The accommodation of the Origin Energy and mind power was much smoother than the quantum jade core. It was much stronger than the Origin Crystal Card that An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui had used to make the Origin Crystal ability seal card.

Xu Tui felt that this should be something good. In the next moment, he put away the eight jade futons one by one into the quantum dimensional chain under Little Six’s stunned gaze.

“Uh, that’s enough, right…” Little Six was speechless.

However, Xu Tui then put the rocks that could turn into bubbles at will into the quantum dimensional chain. Xu Tui had never seen this before. There was no mistake in accepting something he had never seen before.

Xu Tui only decided to leave after searching for a few minutes. The moment he left with Little Six, the entire green space instantly collapsed. The changes underground were very shocking. The collapse of the space at the end immediately triggered a chain reaction. The ruined tunnel that had been established also began to collapse in a chain reaction.

Xu Tui brought An Xiaoxue and retreated at lightning speed. With their strength, they could not pose any threat now. However, when he retreated to the entrance of the underground tunnel, Xu Tui saw Bu Qingqiu guarding the entrance of the tunnel. Bu Qingqiu’s face was red.

The aura around Bu Qingqiu was extremely strange. The energy fluctuations were simply terrifying.

Xu Tui was stunned. He exclaimed, “Miss Bu, you’re going to break through?”

Bu Qingqiu nodded desperately, “I don’t know what’s going on either. Suddenly, an energy fluctuation surged into my body. I feel that I’m about to break through. However, since you guys didn’t come out, I didn’t dare to break through. I was afraid that my breakthrough would expose you, so I kept suppressing my aura.”

Xu Tui nodded. He also knew about the many taboos regarding the breakthrough of a quasi-planetary realm to the Planetary realm.

Cai Shaochu had told Xu Tui before. However, Bu Qingqiu’s breakthrough could only be chanced upon by luck. Although Planet Kono was not the best choice, he should let her breakthrough.

“Miss Bu, you can break through at our base. Xiaoxue, I, and others will protect you! If you don’t have enough Origin Crystals, just call me. I’ll replenish them for you,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!” As Bu Qingqiu nodded, she quickly rushed to the ground. She wanted to break through.

Miss Bu was finally going to break through. Just as Xu Tui was feeling gratified,

Little Six’s voice sounded. “Don’t worry, she won’t be able to break through.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He lost his voice and asked, “Why?”

At the same time, in a certain base in the deep starry sky, the light screen that had been extinguished for a long time lit up again. It flashed with strings of characters.

The first string of characters that started with Number 37 was exceptionally eye-catching..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1