Chapter 1328 - 1328: New Cosmic Tunnel (3)

Chapter 1328: New Cosmic Tunnel (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In other words, the leader of the Muya Clan here, the Golden Winged Dragon, Darak, had led his subordinates into an unknown small universe.

This immediately made Xu Tui wary and hesitant.

Xu Tui’s previous judgment was that the human -headed Golden Winged Dragon, Darak, might have brought people through a certain cosmic tunnel node to attack another planet.

In that case, Xu Tui would still have room to maneuver if he charged forward with this wave of power. After all, there was a high chance that there were allies in the place where they killed their way in.

But what if it was a small universe?

Xu Tui had no idea what was in the small universe. If he rashly charged in, he would be tempting fate!

In an instant, Xu Tui stood in front of the small universe and hesitated. He knew the power of his group very well. Under certain circumstances, it was still possible to defeat three to four Planetary realm experts.

However, if the number of experts on the other side reached a certain level, they would only be wiped out. There were 50 to 60 people that Darak had brought over. Even if these 50 to 60 people were all quasi-planets, it was enough to completely devour Xu Tui’s team immediately.

As for the sealing power of the passageway in the small universe, according to Little Six, if the Muya Clan had a guide to the small universe, Xu Tui would not be able to enter without a guide. He could only break it open with force.

If the Muya Clan had forcefully broken through the seal of the tunnel in the small universe, Xu Tui would have been able to charge in.

Yet it was too risky to charge in directly. But if the Muya Clan really discovered and killed their way into a certain small universe, they could not be left alone. It would be troublesome if he ignored the extremely important small universes that were mentioned when he removed the seal of the origin domain.

However, Xu Tui did not have enough experience at the moment. He could not determine if the cosmic tunnel in the small universe in front of him had been forcefully broken through or if the Muya Clan had used a guide to enter.

Therefore, Xu Tui activated Red Heart and released Little Six’s aura.

“Little Six, see what’s going on at the entrance of this small universe. Do you recognize it? Do you have a travel pass? Was it broken through by force?” Xu Tui asked continuously.

“This small cosmic tunnel was not forcefully broken through.” Little Six sensed for a moment and came to a conclusion. “But I don’t have a guide either.”

“The Muyas entered through a road pass?” Xu Tui frowned after he came to this conclusion.

If that was the case, he would not even dare to sneak over to explore. Without a guide, they could only forcefully break through the seal of this unknown small cosmic tunnel. Then, the people in the small universe would be able to sense it immediately.

That was a dead end!

In that case, Xu Tui could do nothing about the unknown small universe that the Muya Clan had killed their way into. He could only watch them do it. Just as he was worrying, Little Six suddenly said, “Although there’s no pass to this small cosmic tunnel, I know it!”

“F*ck, why didn’t you say so earlier!” Xu Tui became anxious. “Tell me the situation quickly.”

“Xiaoxue, Xu Tui scolded me.” Little Six could not take it anymore.

However, although Little Six was pretentious, he was not ignorant of the times. He quickly told Xu Tui what he knew before he acted up.

The super-large cosmic tunnel in front of him was another special existence in the cosmic tunnel. It was a public cosmic tunnel on a special planet. Behind this public cosmic tunnel was Ceres Star.

Under normal circumstances, such a public cosmic tunnel could be directly passed through. Of course, if a faction occupied the planet behind the public cosmic tunnel, the danger would be another matter.

“Little Six, are you sure that Ceres is behind this public tunnel?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course I’m sure! Let me make it clear to you. There are very few public cosmic tunnels like this in the cosmic tunnel! There are only two in the solar system. One of them is Ceres,” Little Six said.

“What about the other one?”

“The other one? It’s most likely destroyed..

Xu Tui was very surprised that it had been destroyed. However, he no longer had the time to think about this. The Boss of the Muyas, the Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, was actually attacking Ceres.

This was bad news and good news. The bad news was that the Blue Star humans on Ceres might encounter immense pressure. What Xu Tui had learned previously was that power Blue Star humans on Ceres Star was

basically on par with the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan.

But now, the Muya Clan had charged over. Then which side would the scales of victory lean toward? What would the Spiritual Race, who were mortal enemies with the Muya Clan in the Milky Way, choose?

Kill the Blue Star humans with the Muya Clan? Or would they follow the Blue Star humans to kill the Muya Clan? Or would they sit this one out and reap the spoils later?

However, no matter what, the Blue Star Humans at this moment were definitely very dangerous! From the traces, it should have been some time since the Muya Clan had charged into Ceres.

“Little Six, if the situation is not right, there shouldn’t be any obstacles for us to come out of this public passageway, right?” Xu Tui confirmed again.

“Don’t worry. This kind of universal public passageway can only be defended from the outside or the inside. Only a Transcendent has the ability to obstruct the inside of the public passageway,” Little Six said.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui and the other three carefully passed through the vortex door of light and entered the universal public passageway of Ceres. However, after entering the cosmic public tunnel of Ceres, it was different from the cosmic tunnel node that he had passed through previously.

Previously, he had immediately passed through it. It was as if he had passed through a membrane and entered Planet Peach through the cosmic tunnel.

However, at this moment, Xu Tui felt that he had only passed through a door. He still seemed to be in the cosmic tunnel. Moreover, four forks in the cosmic tunnel appeared in front of him in different directions.

“Little Six, what’s going on?”

“Ceres Star is the hub of the cosmic tunnels in the solar system. This represents four starting points! It leads to the four original palaces in Ceres Star,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui instantly understood what Little Six meant.

The four original palaces in Ceres were the four relic palaces of Earth, Water, Wind, and Fire that Cai Shaochu had sent over previously.

Xu Tui’s mental perception was still effective on these four forks. Soon, he found the remnant aura of the Muya Clan on a fork in the road in the middle. He followed the remnant aura for less than a minute before he saw a rather small vortex shadow.

“It should be the Origin Water Palace from here. When they passed through, there was an aura fluctuation. I can determine that.”

The Origin Water Palace that Little Six was talking about was the Peaceful Water Palace that Cai Shaochu and the others had named.

In that case, the Muya Clan had come to seize the Origin Water Palace of Ceres.

According to the previous intelligence, the Origin Water Palace, which was also the Peaceful Water Relic Palace, was currently occupied by the American Sector, the India Sector, the European Sector, and so on.

The other three original palaces were occupied by the Huaxia Sector, the Russian Federation, and so on. The other two were occupied by the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea. Was there any other reason for attacking the Peaceful Water Relic Palace when the Muya Clan had chosen one out of four?

Did the Muya Clan have any contact with the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan? Unfortunately, Xu Tui could not contact Cai Shaochu here. Otherwise, he could have contacted him.

“Little Six, can you find the intersection to the Ancient Wood Origin Palace occupied by the Huaxia Sector?” Xu Tui asked.

Xu Tui’s current thought was to pass through the intersection of the Ancient Wood Original Palace and head to the Ancient Wood Original Palace. He would meet up with Cai Shaochu and figure out the situation before discussing anything else.

However, Xu Tui was a little disappointed by Little Six’s answer.

“No! I can only recognize and memorize the intersection if I pass once and transmit ????????? aura other party. Under the current situation, I can’t judge!” Xu Tui was helpless. He had to choose one out of three. He did not dare to take the risk. If they charged headlong into the ruins occupied by the Great Xi Clan or the Spiritual Race, they would really be plunging into a wolf’s den.

He might as well rush into the Peaceful Water Relic Palace along this path! There must be humans from the Blue Star fighting in the Peaceful Water Relic Palace.

“Get ready. Charge in and listen to my orders. If something is wrong and there are too many enemies, we’ll immediately return the way we came and escape back to Planet Peach. If we retreat, Diwu Hui and I will cover our retreat!”

In the next moment, Xu Tui, Diwu Hui, Yin Liu, and An Xiaoxue rushed in almost at the same time. The moment they rushed in, the eyes of the four Muyas who had suddenly appeared on the other side widened.

Someone was defending, but it was a quasi-planet!

Almost instantly, Xu Tui had already prepared his mental hammer. He blasted it over..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1