Chapter 1324 - 1324: Powerful Battle And Illusory Reality (2)

Chapter 1324: Powerful Battle and Illusory Reality (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the next moment, a hammer and a small mountain struck his head at the same time.

The attack of the mental hammer only caused him to tremble for a moment. The damage was not great, but this small mountain was extremely heavy. It smashed him to the ground from the sky.

Fortunately, at the critical moment, his wings protected his head. Otherwise, this seal would have caused him to bleed.

However, the terrifying weight still blasted him to the ground.

Xu Tui frowned slightly. In order to save his mind power, he had used the mental hammer.

However, the amount of mind power that the mental hammer could fill was limited. Currently, it could only fill in 5% of the mind power at most. It would not affect the Planetary realm powerhouse, Narilin, much.

If he used 20% of his mind power to condense the Small God Slaying Sword and slashed over, he would definitely be able to affect Narilin.

However, it was too late.

If this attack could not kill Narilin, it would be difficult to use the illusion to affect him.

Xu Tui activated his mind power with all his might. His mountain seal did not give him any advantage. He chased after Narilin and blasted him down.

They continued to bombard him!

Although Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal could not severely injure Narilin under his full-powered defense, especially with his wings protecting his head, every attack could send him into the ground.

In an instant, Narilin was smashed into the ground by Xu Tui like a nail.

The fire shadows around Narilin were like a sea. He wanted to struggle. However, as Xu Tui’s gaze landed on him, the ground he had sunk into seemed to come alive. It turned into a huge earth puppet and hugged him tightly underground.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal was like a hammer that kept smashing down.

Every attack blasted him a few meters into the ground. Suddenly, Narilin felt his feet loosen. A large amount of water gushed out of the ground. Xu Tui had continuously hammered him into the underground river. The water gushed out.

Narilin was overjoyed. He took the initiative to sink, wanting to use the water flow to escape from the underground river. However, in the next moment, a bone-piercing coldness instantly surged up. The river below suddenly surged up. In an instant, he was frozen into ice.

It was instantly frozen.

The extremely low temperature caused the temperature of his entire body to plummet. The flames had just been spat out were continuously frozen and extinguished. A stiffness instantly spread throughout his body.

“Explode!” Xu Tui said. The ice that touched Narilin’s vital points suddenly exploded as if it had been detonated.

The explosion caused Narilin’s blood to flow. Although it was not fatal, it was still very painful. The explosion of the ice also gave Narilin a chance to escape. However, at the same time, an indescribable trembling spread out from Narilin’s body.

In an instant, Narilin’s legs tightened and he fell to the ground, convulsing. It wasn’t an extreme numbness.

What frightened Narilin even more was that most of the injuries that had exploded on his body just now had instantly healed. It was this instant of healing that gave him a strange pain. He lost control for a moment. It was also at this moment that an extremely cold aura entered through the other wounds that had not healed and instantly spread throughout his body.

Narilin’s entire body stiffened at this moment. Most of his limbs and body were frozen from the inside.

However, flames shot out from his heart.

An instant later, Narilin frantically gathered the power of fire in his body to counterattack, wanting to melt the ice power that had invaded his body. At this moment, Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal blasted down again.

Bang!

Narilin instantly heard the sound of his body shattering. Under the invasion of the ice power and the bombardment of the Mountain Seal, other than his head and heart, Narilin’s body shattered inch by inch.

To the Planetary realm of the Muya Clan, the physical body was extremely important. Although he could still live after losing his physical body, his strength would be greatly reduced. Some of their strength was concentrated or reflected in their bodies.

For example, Narilin’s fire power was related to his wings. But now, there was only his head and heart. Narilin’s strength was greatly reduced.

In the next moment, the Mountain Formula that Xu Tui had blasted down instantly turned into a Mountain Flying Sword and pierced through Narilin’s head.

The sword light exploded, and Narilin’s head exploded into pieces!

The Planetary realm powerhouse of the Muya Clan, Narilin, had died!

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this. Today, he had forcefully resisted a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse and relied on his own strength to kill him. Although he used all his methods, this was also the first time.

It also proved Xu Tui’s current strength.

The previous illusion was a new abnormality that Xu Tui had cultivated. Previously, after Xu Tui’s left black eye appeared, he had started to try to cultivate the abnormality of the spiritual radiation-type abilities.

His first choice was naturally Spiritual Concealment. Under his persistent cultivation, Spiritual Concealment also cultivated the abnormality. It was still in his left eye.

However, it was the left eye vortex.

After the vortex in his left eye appeared, Xu Tui could distort the void within his field of vision into an illusory and realistic existence.

What was an illusory and real existence?

Even after Xu Tui’s vortex left eye appeared, his gaze and thoughts would form all kinds of phenomenons at his will. Anyone could see these phenomenons with their naked eyes and sense them with their mental perception or energy field.

At first glance, it looked real. However, in reality, it was illusory. It was broken with a slight force, but it had to be with substantial force.

Xu Tui called the ability brought about by the vortex left eye the illusory reality. This was also an upgraded version of the Spiritual Concealment that Xu Tui had cultivated previously. However, it was also very powerful.

Under such circumstances, 99% of the people would be affected.

Even people like An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu, who had very powerful mind power, had to be reminded in advance during the test to use their mental perception to sense that it was an illusion.

The effect of actual combat was still very powerful.

Today, the Planetary realm powerhouse, Narilin, had been tricked.

As for ice, it was a power of ice that Xu Tui had obtained from the Origin Domain Space. Little Six called it Water Source Ice. This power was currently sealed in Red Heart. It was a little like the form of the God Slaying Sword.

Of course, Xu Tui had not used the power of Water Source Ice just now.

Xu Tui had a certain level of attainment in the instantiation of the original quantum frequency of water. He had even practiced it with Bu Qingqiu previously. This was the application of some of the ice power he had obtained after obtaining Water Source Ice.

It was just like how he had comprehended the Small God Slaying Sword from the God Slaying Sword.

The application of Dao, Dharma, Technique, and Weapon.

Xu Tui had named the ice instantiation as Ice Seal. Moreover, this should be a preliminary gain. He would gain more in the future.

Xu Tui had used up most of his abilities, the mental hammer, the Mountain Formula, the illusory reality, the Ilce Seal, and the Mountain Flying Sword. In the end, he even used extreme instantiation treatment to trick Narilin to death.

It had to be said that as long as it was a creature, it could not escape its instincts.

This extreme instantiation treatment was still very useful!

Unfortunately, such extreme instantiation treatment could only be used on people with wounds on their bodies.

Xu Tui would not be able to use it even if he had internal injuries.

A complete body would be protected by natural mind power. Xu Tui’s extreme instantiation treatment could not invade his original quantum life frequency. He only sighed for a moment. In the next moment, he soared into the sky again and charged toward the battlefield.

Although Xu Tui had dealt with two Planetary realm experts, the other six people were still under a certain amount of pressure against 10 quasi-planetary experts.

Surprisingly, the battle was almost over when Xu Tui looked up.

When he raised his head, Xu Tui had just seen the green light around An Xiaoxue’s body. She was like a green fairy. She used a Dimensional Slash to cut off half of the body of a Muya quasi-planetary. The green light flew out like a rope and instantly wrapped the Muya quasi-planetary into a green cocoon.

Captive!

An Xiaoxue had captured him alive!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1