Chapter 1327 - 1327: New Cosmic Tunnel (2)

Chapter 1327: New Cosmic Tunnel (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui felt uncomfortable having such a guy in his mind. Therefore, he would usually use his mind power to restrain him to prevent him from spying on him.

“This method is very ingenious. It’s much better than the method of purifying soul crystals that we invented previously. Moreover, the cultivation required has also decreased. As long as it’s a supernatural being in the Planetary realm, it can be purified,” Little Six evaluated.

This evaluation surprised Xu Tui. “We, the Blue Star Humans who came later, are not as useless as you say, right?”

“From this point of view, yes! This is also the pride of our lineage!”

Although they had not known each other for long, this was the first time Little Six had pulled him and Xu Tui into the same lineage. However, there was nothing to be proud of.

A minute later, Xu Tui completely let go of the suppression on Red Heart. He used his mind power to communicate with the God Slaying Sword and the Soul Crystal in Red Heart. In the next moment, the negative power in the Soul Crystal quickly surged into the God Slaying Sword like a whale absorbing water.

Little Six’s eyes immediately widened. So fast?

Xu Tui had a look of understanding. The God Slaying Sword seemed to have a natural advantage over the extraction of negative power. In less than seven minutes, when Diwu Hui was about to return, the negative power in this

10-grams blood crystal was completely sucked dry by the God Slaying Sword.

Previously, Xu Tui had been worried about the source of the negative power in the God Slaying Sword. Now, Xu Tui did not have to worry.

However, in terms of power, if Xu Tui used 90% of his mind power to condense a Small God Slaying Sword and slashed out, its power would have already surpassed the God Slaying Sword in Red Heart.

However, Xu Tui did not dare to slash out with such a sword. If he did, he would be crippled without his mind power.

The God Slaying Sword was equivalent to Xu Tui’s other one-time killing move.

While he was deep in thought, Little Six’s shocked voice rang out again. “Xu Tui, where did you obtain this God Slaying Sword?” “You don’t know its origin?” Xu Tui asked.

“I don’t know.” “I thought you knew everything.”

“I’m not a god!”

Xu Tui did not bicker with Little Six anymore. He told Little Six the details of the God Slaying Sword. However, Little Six could not determine anything after listening.

“If you have the chance in the future, bring me here to take a look. The power that can be contained and sealed by Red Heart must be extraordinary,” Little Six said.

This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to frown. “1 thought that Red Heart and the God Slaying Sword were one.”

“No, at least I don’t know about the existence of the God Slaying Sword,” Little Six said. “However, there aren’t many people who can use the negative power so skillfully. It might be one of those people…”

“Which ones?”

“I can’t say!”

Little Six’s words made Xu Tui so depressed that he wanted to beat someone up. It was simply tantalizing.

“Little Six, make the road signs.”

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui and the others left through the cosmic tunnel node of the asteroid, after meeting up with Lavis. He did not care about the survivor from before. He would keep him to report.

In any case, Xu Tui did not plan to hide anything about the cosmic tunnel in the future.

Xu Tui had to promote the method of refining blood crystals and soul crystals. In the cosmic tunnel, he quickly returned along the mark of the Planet Peach that Little Six had made.

Xu Tui arrived at the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Peach more than ten minutes later. He first confirmed the safety of Planet Peach. At the same time, he gave a few supplementary orders to the people guarding it.

First, if they discover an enemy in the defense fortress of the eastern cosmic node, don’t have any illusions. All base personnel should immediately escape from Planet Peach through the quantum teleportation channel.

From today onwards, all the important resources had to be gathered near the quantum teleportation channel.

Once the enemy appeared, all personnel had to evacuate within 15 minutes.

At the same time, after retreating to Planet Liuxia, immediately cut off the quantum teleportation channel. Don’t even think about providing support to the other planets! Unless Xu Tui personally gave the order.

The tragic state of the American Sector’s Karsnai asteroid gave Xu Tui a warning. The cosmic tunnel node was a good thing, but once it brought an enemy, it would be a disaster. After explaining all of this, Xu Tui brought his men back to the node of the cosmic tunnel. He once again sensed and searched for the remnant aura of the Muya Clan in another direction.

The remnant aura was still there.

However, the remnant aura had weakened compared to two hours ago.

Xu Tui had a detailed record of the thickness of the remnant aura when he sensed it previously. According to this attenuation record, the remnant aura after passing through the cosmic tunnel might last two to three days.

At the same time, Xu Tui carefully recorded the auras of their group. He made a comparison of the parameters. Then, Xu Tui brought the original team and quickly traced the source of the aura in another direction.

There was a strange feeling as he ran through the cosmic passageway. It was real and illusory. They tracked the remnant aura of the Muya Clan along the way. About half an hour later, a huge vortex suddenly appeared in front of Xu Tui and the others.

This vortex of light was much larger than the vortex of light that Xu Tui and the others had marked previously. It was more than twice the size.

According to the remnant aura, the aura of the Muya Clan had rushed into the vortex.

According to Little Six, those who had such a vortex of light in the cosmic tunnel were usually small universes..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1