Chapter 1326 - 1326: New Cosmic Tunnel (1)

Chapter 1326: New Cosmic Tunnel (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The mouth of the Muya captive was very stubborn. Especially involving some key information, he did not reveal any key information even if all kinds of torture was used. On this point, the Blue Star interrogation experts analyzed that every Muya might have received extreme spiritual hints, forming Spiritual Shackles.

Of course, this kind of Spiritual Shackles might be related to the daily prayers of the Muya Clan.

As a result, Xu Tui did not interrogate the two quasi-planetary captives he captured at all. They were useless. He directly used his spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, and Spiritual Concealment to invade their minds and watch their memories.

In the memory, what appeared was the scene of the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, mobilizing a group of people during the attack.

There were at least 60 to 70 people.

Under the fierce and crazy encouragement of Darak, a group of Muyas roared excitedly, all of them revealing bloodthirsty gazes.

Then, it was a scene of him running in the cosmic tunnel. Halfway through, the leader, Darak, suddenly stopped with a strange ball of light in his hand. After exploring for a long time, he discovered the Karsnai asteroid in front of him.

They invaded and killed their way in! The beasts of the Muya Clan treated the Blue Star humans here as food. Then, they split up, leaving Narilin and the others to guard the area.

It was not that Darak wanted to occupy this planet. Instead, he felt that since they had attacked this planet that belonged to the Blue Star Humans, reinforcements would definitely arrive in the near future.

Darak had left Narilin behind because he wanted him to set up an ambush and swallow the Blue Star experts who would come in the future. At that time, Narilin’s cultivation might be able to break through again!

Then, Darak left through the cosmic tunnel node of the Karsnai asteroid with about 60 people.

It was worth mentioning that the American Sector should not have discovered the function of the cosmic tunnel node. However, they should have explored it, so they built a fortress. Furthermore, they sent a Planetary realm powerhouse and five quasi-planetary experts.

Unfortunately, this bit of strength was unstoppable in front of the Muya army. Then the question was, where did the human-headed Golden Winged Dragon, Darak, go with the 50 to 60 quasi-planetary experts?

There was no effect even if he tried to interrogate them. He used his spiritual radiation again but did not get an answer.

In this short period of time, Wen Shao, Yin Ba, Yanzi, An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, and the others had already tried to absorb a few blood crystals.

“I feel that this gram of blood crystal is equivalent to ten days of cultivation. It’s very good,” Yin Ba said.

“The Blood Crystal can increase my genetic chain ability and physical body to a certain extent. It’s not too useful to me! I absorbed this Soul Crystal and feel that the effect of increasing my cultivation is better than that of the mind power Origin Crystal. However, there are some things inside that make me very uncomfortable. I don’t dare to absorb them quickly,” Wen Shao said.

“My purple flames can purify the various negative powers in the Blood Crystal and the Soul Crystal to a certain extent. The cultivation effect of this Soul Crystal is quite good. I feel that with 100 grams, I might be able to complete the transformation from a quasi-planetary to a Planetary realm,” Yanzi said. “Something like that. However, the power in the Soul Crystal does make me uncomfortable. It increases my mind power very quickly, but I don’t dare to absorb it in large quantities,” Bu Qingqiu said.

An Xiaoxue came to the same conclusion.

“Wen Shao, inform Diwu Hui, who is still exploring, to return in ten minutes.

We are leaving.”

“Understood.”

While he was waiting for Diwu Hui to return, Xu Tui also began to personally study the blood crystals and soul crystals. The feeling of the energy in the blood crystals entering his body was actually similar to the energy in the Blue Star Energy Restoration Elixir.

However, it was purer and more majestic.

Ordinary Genetic Evolution Realm experts would not be able to withstand the impact of that power. In other words, only those at the Genetic Transmutation Realm could use Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals.

With the detailed observation brought about by Xu Tui’s microscopic perception, he realized that the Blood Crystal and the Soul Crystal had negative auras.

This was the same as the negative aura in the silver box that Xu Tui had arrived in previously. If one sensed it carefully, it was basically filled with extreme negative emotions such as tyranny, despair, fear, killing, anger, and so on.

In comparison, the negative aura in the Soul Crystal was several times that of the Blood Crystal. This also verified Little Six’s previous reminder.

However, this made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. Would the method he and Cai Shaochu had invented to purify the silver box with their mind power be useful? Also, what about Red Heart?

Previously, once Xu Tui began to vibrate and purify the negative energy in the Silver Spirit Box, Red Heart would take the initiative to attack. It would directly absorb the negative energy inside and store it in the God Slaying Sword. However, after the God Slaying Sword was filled, it could not be absorbed.

Could it absorb the negative power in the Soul Crystal?

Xu Tui was the kind of person who would do whatever he thought of. While he was waiting for Diwu Hui to return, he took out a Soul Crystal that was about 10 grams. He first used the Vibrating Purification Technique that Cai Shaochu had invented to try to purify the Soul Crystal.

Less than 30 seconds after the experiment began, Little Six’s surprised voice sounded in Xu Tui’s head.

“Eh, you can actually purify this Soul Crystal. That’s impossible. Let go of your mind power. I’ll observe.” Little Six was among Red Heart. To a certain extent, he could observe Xu Tui’s actions.

Xu Tui did not say anything, but he released the mental restraint on Little Six..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1