Chapter 1321 - 1321: Are You Going In Or Not?

Chapter 1321: Are You Going In or Not?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Little Six, why do I sense a large number of remnant auras? It seems that someone has passed through here. How do I judge the time?” Xu Tui, who had discovered something, quickly asked.

Little Six paused for a moment. The Red Heart in Xu Tui’s mind rose and changed into an expression that said, “Why are you so lousy?” Then, Little Six sighed. “Xiaoxue, why do you like such a person? I really can’t figure it out. You have to ask me everything. You don’t know how to use your brain!

“Oh my god, this is a cosmic tunnel. There are only remnant auras. Yet you’re asking me how to judge time? How could I judge? Should I catch the passerby and ask him? Xu Tui, can you still..

Xu Tui’s face instantly darkened. Little Six was cute and harmless to An Xiaoxue, but he had a vicious tongue towards him. A strand of mind power blasted into Red Heart and suppressed the red light in it. It made Little Six shut up on the spot.

This was Xu Tui’s current method of dealing with Little Six.

However, even though Little Six’s mouth was vicious, Xu Tui already understood that the situation in the cosmic tunnel was probably more complicated than he had imagined.

Little Six was also a dabbler. Or rather, the situation in the cosmic tunnel was not something that anyone could grasp.

Among the supernatural beings who could use their mental perception, only Xu Tui and Bu Qingqiu could sense this remnant aura. An Xiaoxue had not been able to do it, let alone Wen Shao and Yanzi.

Even Diwu Hui and Yin Liu, who were in the Planetary realm, could not do it.

Xu Tui would have to make his own judgment.

“Xu Tui, don’t blame Little Six. This guy is just stubborn. He told me that he would not be able to judge the time of the traces in the cosmic tunnel. He said that even a Transcendent might not be able to judge it.” An Xiaoxue sent a voice transmission to Xu Tui’s consciousness.

“A Transcendent?” Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. “Little Six, tell me about the cultivation level you know.”

“Hmph, you beat me up just now!” Little Six was dissatisfied.

“Did I beat you up just now? Do you believe that I’ll beat you up? Red Heart still belongs to me. I have a way of beating up children.”

“I’m not a child!”

“I have a better way of beating up adults!”

Little Six: “…

After Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s double questioning and communication, he roughly understood the difference in realms between Transcendents that Little Six mentioned.

Currently, be it the Muya Clan, the Spiritual Race, or the Blue Star humans, the cultivation system was divided into realms. Even if their names were different, their essence was the same.

The Great Xi Clan was different.

Currently, the strongest person was in the Planetary realm. However, there was another realm above the Planetary realm. In Little Six’s words, it was called a Small Universe.

Currently, many of the small universes that existed were related to these experts. Basically, there was a very limited number of experts in each race who could achieve the Small Universe.

The Transcendent that Little Six mentioned was a higher realm above the Small Universe. This realm was also rare in the entire universe. As for whether there was one now, Little Six did not know.

“Little Six, is the Holy Ancestor of the Spiritual Race a Transcendent or a Small Universe-level expert?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

After asking the question, Xu Tui described the strength of the Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor to Little Six. Of course, this was very limited. His greatest characteristic was that he had killed the Fire God, Gavro, from afar. It was said that the Fire God, Gavro, was at least a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

“He killed a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from afar. He must be a Small Universe-level powerhouse, but he definitely won’t be a Transcendent,” Little Six said.

“Why do you say that?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“If this Spiritual Race’s Holy Ancestor was a Transcendent, the seal of the fire screen in the solar system would have been broken by force long ago. Only a power of the same level could destroy a power of the same level. It’s too difficult to transcend,” Little Six said.

“Only a power of the same level can destroy a power of the same level? Are you saying that the person who set up the seal of the solar system’s fire screen is a

Transcendent?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course! Only a Transcendent would have such power.”

“Is it difficult to transcend?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s not just difficult. There have been only a few in the races of the universe since ancient times,” Little Six said.

Now that he was in the cosmic tunnel, it was not appropriate for him to spend too much time communicating, especially since Xu Tui had just sensed traces of people passing through the nearby cosmic tunnel.

“There are at least 30 people in this wave. There are at least five Planetary realm powerhouses,” Bu Qingqiu said after sensing carefully.

“I can roughly sense the auras of more than 40 people. I can sense the auras of six Planetary realm experts. Miss Bu, can you sense their direction?”

Xu Tui’s words made Bu Qingqiu’s gaze shift. Even if Xu Tui was stronger than her in terms of microscopic perception, he would not be much stronger.

In that case, Xu Tui’s mind power was the only thing stronger than hers.

“I can’t sense the direction of advancement. There are traces in both directions. I can’t determine which direction is the direction the enemy came from and which direction is the direction the enemy is advancing in.”

That’s right, an enemy!

Up until now, the origin domain seal had just been unlocked. Under normal circumstances, those who could enter the cosmic tunnel were enemies. As for the Blue Star humans, Xu Tui had asked Cai Shaochu previously, but Cai Shaochu did not know about the cosmic tunnel.

If even Cai Shaochu did not know, one could imagine Blue Star’s understanding of the cosmic tunnel.

Xu Tui stood in the cosmic tunnel that was flickering with starlight and overflowing with clouds and started the multiple-choice question.

To the left? Or to the right?

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui chose to go left.

“If we encounter an enemy, leave the rear to Diwu Hui and me.” Xu Tui instructed his tactics as he advanced.

After all, the cosmic tunnel was a brand new and unfamiliar environment. The remnant aura ran along the cosmic tunnel like a flying shuttle. It felt like it was in a movie.

Suddenly, Xu Tui and the others stopped. A vortex of light appeared in front of them. In any case, it was different from other places in the cosmic tunnel.

Xu Tui carefully sensed that the enemy did not come out from here. However, this vortex circle of light was very special. Previously, the cosmic node of Planet Peach did not have such a characteristic.

“Little Six, is there also a planet with a cosmic tunnel node behind this? Can we pass through it directly?”

“No!” Little Six firmly denied it. “The planet at the cosmic tunnel node is like Planet Peach. You can’t tell anything from the surface. Unless you know and set up a road sign, you can’t accurately find it.”

“Then what is this vortex of light?” Xu Tui pointed at the circle of light in the cosmic tunnel in front of him.

“A small universe. There’s a small universe behind this circle of light.”

Xu Tui was instantly stunned when he heard that. “Are you saying that we can enter a small universe by passing through here?”

“Who told you that you can enter if you discover a small universe? If you enter someone else’s house, the door will be locked. Can you enter?” “Uh… I can’t climb over the wall?”

“You’re going to find a wall to climb over?” Little Six was speechless.

This discovery made Xu Tui frown. “In that case, it’s useless even if I discover the small universe I’m looking for in the cosmic tunnel. I can’t enter.”

“If you want to enter the small universe, you need a road pass. A road pass is the key given by the owner of the small universe. I have the key to a few small universes,” Little Six said.

“Then I can’t enter without a key?”

“Of course you can go in. Have you never seen a robber?”

“Break the door?”

“That’s right, but it requires a very powerful force! With your current strength, all of you will have to attack with all your might for a month or two before you can break through the seal of this small universe and pass through,” Little Six said.

“What are the consequences?”

“The consequences. If there was a powerful existence in the small universe, you would be destroyed!”

“What if there isn’t any?”

“Even if there isn’t, your act of forcefully breaking through the door will cause a strong fluctuation in the cosmic tunnel. If the duration is too long, it might attract more enemies to covet it! Perhaps when you break through the door, you will attract the enemy to attack you,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui finally understood after some communication.

There must be an unknown small universe behind the vortex of light in front of them. However, with Xu Tui and the others’ current strength, it would take too long to break through the door. Moreover, the unknown small universe itself was dangerous. “Little Six, is it okay for you to mark here?”

“Of course!”

After he finished speaking, Xu Tui brought his men and continued to track the remnant aura he had discovered just now. The reason why he asked Little Six to mark it was that Xu Tui knew that the situation in the cosmic tunnel was constantly changing.

It was not unchanging. If you followed this direction and found a small universe entrance, you might not be able to find it the next time you came from the same direction. Moreover, the cosmic tunnel was almost one. There was not much of a direction to speak of.

This was the important thing about road signs.

With Little Six setting up a road sign, Xu Tui would be able to quickly find this place the next time he wanted to.

Of course, it was not just Little Six. Other people could also set up road signs.

However, the requirements were even harsher.

Only an extremely powerful force could create a road sign in the cosmic tunnel. The standard of this powerful force was that the power of a certain main planet or satellite had reached more than six halos.

In other words, only experts with at least six or seven Satellites could make road signs in the cosmic tunnel.

Some of the Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses were barely able to do it.

Moreover, it also required an extremely strong jade core. According to Little Six, the materials for the jade core were more than twice as strong as the quantum jade core refined by Xu Tui and the others.

Furthermore, it was a consumable item!

It was very precious!

Xu Tui led a group of people and continued to sense and pursue in the cosmic tunnel. Ten minutes later, Xu Tui suddenly stopped.

He stopped at the screen wall of the cosmic tunnel that looked like it was the muddled water. He pointed at a point and said, “Here. I just sensed that the auras of that group of people are related to this point. Little Six, is this point a cosmic tunnel node?”

“Pass your mind power into it and carefully sense it for three minutes. You’ll be able to sense the node of the tunnel,” Little Six said.

Three minutes later, Xu Tui and Bu Qingqiu nodded at the same time. Then, they could basically determine that there must be a planet behind the node of this cosmic tunnel.

The enemy had either entered this point or come out of it. There were only these two possibilities.

The question in front of Xu Tui was, should he enter or not? If the enemy came out from this point, then this might be the nest of an enemy from another race. They had a high chance of winning if they charged in.

After all, the main force of the enemy had just left this place. If the enemy had charged into this point from outside, then Xu Tui would not be fighting alone. There should still be an alliance army.

However, if this was the enemy’s nest and the enemy was the enemy who was going home, Xu Tui and the others would have plunged into the enemy’s nest.

It was too dangerous for Xu Tui and the others to head in with their little strength. If they were not careful, they might be wiped out!

The best choice was not to take the risk. They should return to Planet Peach.

However, Xu Tui was unwilling to do that. He actually let those enemies go after tracking them for so long. What was worse was that anyone who walked through the cosmic tunnel would definitely leave traces.

If the enemy discovered the traces of Xu Tui and the others and followed these traces to Planet Peach, they would be in big trouble.

Should he enter or not?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1