Chapter 1323 - 1323: Powerful Battle And Illusory Reality (1)

Chapter 1323: Powerful Battle and Illusory Reality (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

One strike!

The eagle-headed Muya fell from the sky like a dead fish. It immediately stunned the other Muyas who were rushing over. The greedy and fanatical expressions on their faces froze at this moment. This was especially so for some of the beast-shaped Muyas. The moment they rushed over, saliva dripped from their mouths.

The experts of the Blue Star were their most delicious food. However, at this moment, the food became less delicious. It was terrifying!

The other Muya Planetary realm powerhouse who was leading the charge looked to have a higher status. He had a human head and wings. According to the aura he emitted, he was at least a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

The moment he saw this scene, he roared, “Let! Zet!”

This Zet should be the eagle-headed Muya that Xu Tui had just killed with one strike. However, Narilin, the Muya with the human head and wings, did not wait for a response from Zet. What responded to him was the sound of the eagle-headed Muya, Zet, falling to the ground.

Even a Planetary realm powerhouse would not die if they fell from a height of more than a thousand meters without any defense. Of course, it was more likely that Zet was already dead before he fell.

“Damn it… Slave!” Narilin gritted his teeth. He flapped his wings and instantly turned into a stream of fire that blasted toward Xu Tui.

Just as everyone thought that he was furious and was about to kill Xu Tui to avenge Zet, the flames suddenly split into two. One shot toward Xu Tui, while the other quickly retreated.

Narilin, the Two-Winged Muya, chose to escape in the first moment. He was not stupid!

The strength that Xu Tui displayed was too terrifying. He instantly killed Zet with one strike. Although Zet was only a Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, he was not weak. At the very least, he, a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, would need some time or even pay a price to defeat Zet.

However, this man with a weak aura was instantly killed Zet.

Instant kill!

Therefore, Narilin chose to escape immediately.

There was a mysterious powerhouse who could instantly kill a Planetary realm expert. There were also two Planetary realm experts on the other side. Therefore, escaping was the best choice.

Xu Tui was also surprised when he saw the flames split into two. He had already erected four barriers of the Vajra Armor. He was about to fight a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse head-on.

The God Slaying Sword could only be used once every time. However, he did not expect this guy to escape. More importantly, Narilin was very cunning. He attacked first before instantly escaping from the attack.

Under such circumstances, with his speed, there was a high chance that he could escape. No one could catch up.

As for the others, he did not care anymore.

The others in Xu Tui’s team did not have the time to interfere. That was because Xu Tui had fewer people than the other party. There were seven people on Xu Tui’s side and a total of 12 Muyas opposite him.

They had a huge advantage in numbers.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui used the God Slaying Sword the moment he attacked. He had to kill an expert to reduce the number of people on the other side. Then, he had to give the other party a psychological deterrence and affect the other party’s combat strength.

However, Xu Tui did not expect that he would scare the leading Planetary realm powerhouse away with one strike.

Clearly, Narilin, the Muya opposite him, was also a cunning person. Moreover, under the current circumstances, Xu Tui could not let Narilin escape. Today, killing his way out of the cosmic tunnel and accidentally killing his way to this planet was only the beginning.

This was because they had yet to find the main force of the Muya Clan in the cosmic tunnel. They had to be wary.

Once Narilin escapes, the consequences might be extremely serious! If he encountered anyone else, such as the Planetary realm powerhouse, Li

Qingping, Jian Zhen, and the others, he would definitely be able to escape.

Unfortunately, Narilin had encountered Xu Tui. In an instant, Xu Tui’s entire left eye turned pure black.

In the next moment, the flames devoured Xu Tui. This scene stunned and surprised Narilin, who was escaping at high speed.

Impressive-looking but useless? Was it just for show? Or a rare species with extremely high attack and low defense?

He could instantly kill a Planetary realm expert, but he was also instantly killed! That was because he could sense that Xu Tui’s aura had disappeared in the flames.

Just as he was stunned, Narilin suddenly felt a sense of danger. A small mountain appeared behind Narilin without any warning. Even though Narilin was a Planetary realm powerhouse, he was caught off guard. He crashed into it.

The small mountain shattered.

Narilin felt dizzy from the impact. At the same time, Xu Tui’s black left eye suddenly swirled slightly and turned into a black vortex.

The world in Xu Tui’s left eye changed slightly. In his vision, including Narilin’s vision and senses, at least three mountains blasted towards him at the same time. Whether it was his vision or Narilin’s mental senses, three terrifying mountains were blasting at him from different directions.

This made Narilin’s expression change drastically. He instantly responded with all his might. His wings expanded at the same time and he waved them like saber lights as he slashed at the two mountains. A pillar of fire shot out from his hands and blasted towards the other mountain.

However, almost in the next moment, Narilin’s expression became extremely terrified.

The three mountains he saw and sensed were torn apart like bubbles under his full-powered counterattack.

Fake, illusory? Was it really there? At the thought of this, Narilin’s heart tightened..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1