Chapter 1329 - 1329: Ceres’ Confrontation (1)

Chapter 1329: Ceres’ Confrontation (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The four strange-looking quasi-planets of the Muya Clan with beast characteristics widened their eyes when they saw Xu Tui and the others barge in. They were about to attack.

However, Xu Tui and the other three, who had rushed in first, attacked faster than them. They had come prepared.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer suddenly smashed down on the head of a quasi-planetary Muya. The Muya’s body trembled, and his eyes instantly became unfocused. His mental hammer was quite lethal when it was aimed at a

planet, but it might not be able to kill it.

Xu Tui was very cautious at this moment. A ball of blue light instantiated out of thin air and instantly sealed the Muya into a lump of ice. At this moment, Xu Tui only needed to use the Mountain Formula to blast the quasi-planetary expert into pieces, and he would definitely die.

However, he did not have the time to do that. Instead, he immediately turned his mental hammer toward the others.

The Muya Clan had left four quasi-planetary experts to stand guard at the entrance of the tunnel. The ideal situation would be for Xu Tui and the others to kill them all in an instant. It was best to kill them before they could give a warning.

In that case, Xu Tui and the others would have more safety when they went deeper into the Peaceful Water Relic Palace.

Xu Tui’s original intention was to use the mental hammer to help others.

However, he was a little stunned when he moved his mental hammer again.

Diwu Hui had already crushed his opponent into a meat patty.

Diwu Hui had the strength of a peak-level Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, he crushed a quasi-planetary when he attacked him.

Although Yin Liu was a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Mechanical Spirit Race, he was still a Planetary realm powerhouse. He could crush a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse at close range.

What surprised Xu Tui was Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui’s hammer had wanted to support An Xiaoxue and help her kill her opponent. However, the head of An Xiaoxue’s opponent had been inexplicably cut into two. At the same time, the green light wrapped around the corpse, preventing the quasi-planetary Muya from letting out a scream.

In an instant, ???? four ?????????? perfectly dealt with four quasi-planets.

Xu Tui suddenly laughed. He was too nervous, or rather, he did not notice the other changes in his power. He was not the only one who was cultivating and growing. An Xiaoxue was also cultivating and growing rapidly. She became more and more proficient in using the Dimensional Explosion. An Xiaoxue did not even use the silver eye in her right eye in the attack just now.

After obtaining the green wind source power in the sealed space of the Origin Domain, she had also learned a few extremely sharp wind-type supernatural powers.

An Xiaoxue was actually much stronger than Xu Tui had expected. She instantly killed a quasi-planetary.

This was the strength of the Two or Three Satellites Planetary realm.

It was also at this moment that the rest of Xu Tui’s combat team, Bu Qingqiu, Lavis, Yanzi, Wen Shao, and the others, also pounced in. The four of them were stunned the moment they pounced in.

“Did… Did you just kill them?” Wen Shao was very, very surprised.

“Yes, we came in and found four quasi-planets of the Muya Clan guarding here. We followed the plan and launched an attack. We settled them perfectly,” Yin Liu said.

Wen Shao was only surprised for a moment. It was nothing. But Bu Qingqiu and Lavis were shocked. The four quasi-planets were instantly killed. Were Xu Tui and the others that strong?

This was especially so for Lavis. At this moment, there was a trace of fear. For a long time before this, Lavis had hoped that Xu Tui, the tyrant, would die while in combat. It would be best if he was killed by the enemy. Then he would be able to regain his freedom.

However, Xu Tui’s strength became more and more terrifying. Now, he already had the power to instantly kill a quasi-planet. And he, Lavis, was also a

quasi-planet.

Suddenly, Lavis felt an inexplicable sense of urgency.

Xu Tui was already so powerful. He could even instantly kill a quasi-planetary expert. When Xu Tui grew up for a period of time, would he be able to easily kill a quasi-planetary expert? And he, Lavis, was also a quasi-planet.

In other words, he would be useless at that time! Useless tools could be thrown to the side to eat dust. What about useless hunting dogs? Useless hunting dogs would only be killed and eaten.

That’s right. Lavis’s position in front of Xu Tui was that of a hunting dog. Lavis, who felt the urgency and pressure, suddenly had an idea—he had to break through as soon as possible. He had to break through to the Planetary realm in a short period of time.

Only then could he continue his value and status in front of Xu Tui and continue his current beautiful life.

That’s right. Lavis was very satisfied with his current life.

“As expected, the Peaceful Water Relic Palace suppresses mental perception.” Xu Tui put the corpses of the four Muyas into the quantum dimensional chain and waited to refine them into blood crystals. He released his mind power to sense them.

Little Six had reminded Xu Tui about this before he entered.

In the four original palaces of Ceres Star, power formed its own system. The four original palaces each had their own characteristics and force fields. They greatly suppressed mental perception and energy perception.

As expected.

This characteristic had pros and cons. For example, if there weren’t any suppression of mental perception during their attack just now, then the Planetary realm powerhouses inside would definitely sense the powerful energy fluctuations here.

And now, this characteristic had concealed the whereabouts of Xu Tui and the others to a certain extent.

“Let’s go and explore inside. Stay alert.. If you are attacked, remember, don’t be stingy with those life-saving things!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1