Chapter 1322 - 1322: Invaded Planet

Chapter 1322: Invaded Planet

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Should he enter or not?

Xu Tui was not a dictator. Moreover, he sometimes preferred to gather and listen to everyone’s opinions. He used the shortest time possible to tell everyone the trade-off between entering and not entering. He wanted to hear the opinions of others.

Then, Xu Tui realized that he was wrong. Under such circumstances, it was impossible for a unanimous opinion to appear. Some wanted to enter, some did not, and some even wanted to guard it.

However, Wen Shao raised a feasible suggestion.

“Why don’t we pass through one to determine the situation? Then we’ll decide what to do after that. If the enemy really returns to his nest, we’ll quickly retreat and circle around the cosmic tunnel to interfere with their vision. If this is the enemy’s empty nest or the target of the enemy’s attack, we can pick up the scraps.”

It had to be said that Wen Shao had the potential to become an old coin. However, he still had to verify the feasibility.

A group of eight people gathered together to discuss various possible plans. There were many changes to this kind of thing. They had to think of every one of them. Especially when it came to dealing with the possibility of a crisis.

Soon, a difficult problem appeared.

For example, the contact problem.

It would be fine if he could discover the situation immediately after entering the node of this cosmic passageway. However, what if he needed to go far to investigate and send an emergency message?

Especially how to send a message to his companions guarding the defense in the cosmic tunnel.

That was a major problem.

“Little Six, is there a way to communicate with the outside world and the cosmic tunnel?” Xu Tui asked.

“No. As far as I know, no technological or supernatural power can communicate through the cosmic tunnel. However…”

Xu Tui was only halfway through his sentence when another voice sounded in his mind. “Sir, actually, I can do it.” This was Tri Ling Ding’s voice.

“You can?” Xu Tui was surprised.

“This is considered a talent of our species! It’s mainly the connection with our colony. This connection is very weak, but it’s also very strong. Even the cosmic tunnel can’t isolate it,” Tri Ling Ding said.

“That’s true! If we have to find a way to communicate with those below the Transcendents, then the colony of the Ling Clan is one way. However, we can only conduct the most primitive communication. We can’t attach any other supernatural being methods,” Little Six said.

“But we left an intermediate colony of Tri Ling Ding on Planet Peach for emergency communication,” Xu Tui said.

“Then should we go back and get it? It shouldn’t be long, right?”

Tri Ling Ding’s voice suddenly became weaker. Xu Tui’s gaze had already made its hair stand. It suddenly regretted it. It had been targeted by Xu Tui.

“Tri Ling Ding, there’s no need for me to say much! During this period of time, I’ll let you cultivate as hard as you can in a high concentration of Origin Energy Cultivation Room. There’s no need to talk about high-level colonies, right? Now,” Xu Tui said.

“Sir, high-level colonies are really fatal. It consumes a lot of my mental body! ” Tri Ling Ding began to cry.

“Have I treated you badly?” Xu Tui’s expression suddenly became unhappy, especially in front of Little Six. Xu Tui felt that Tri Ling Ding was not supportive enough.

However, Tri Ling Ding was a fighter jet among old coins. He immediately understood Xu Tui’s mentality and suddenly reacted.

“Sir, don’t worry. Sir has ordered me. No matter how much damage I suffer, I have to reproduce immediately. I’ll reproduce high-level colonies now. Sir, wait for me for a few minutes!”

In the next moment, Tri Ling Ding let out a low cry of pain. However, everyone had an eye-opener. About three to four minutes later, a brand new small Tri Ling Ding that emitted a refreshing aura molted out of the old Tri Ling Ding’s body. The new and tender aura was very obvious.

However, Tri Ling Ding’s aura had also decreased significantly.

Was this how an alien species reproduced?

“Sir, it’s done. However, even if it’s a high-level colony, it can only carry out some simple signal transmissions in the cosmic tunnel. It can’t directly communicate. However, after leaving the cosmic tunnel, you can use a high-level colony to communicate with my main body,” Tri Ling Ding said.

After he finished speaking, Tri Ling Ding looked at Xu Tui with a pitiful expression.

“Got it.” Just as Tri Ling Ding was feeling extremely disappointed, Xu Tui threw out a Silver Spirit Box. “This is a reward for you.”

Tri Ling Ding was overjoyed. As expected, Xu Tui would not treat it badly.

“In that case, according to the agreement, Diwu Hui and I will go over first. The rest of you, wait for orders. If anything happens, I will inform you through Tri Ling Ding.” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui solemnly handed the high-level colony of Tri Ling Ding to An Xiaoxue. “Little Six, are the road signs ready?”

The small universe needed a guide, and the cosmic tunnel node needed a road sign.

“Don’t worry. I’m a professional in this aspect.”

“Be careful.”

Under An Xiaoxue’s gaze, Xu Tui nodded slightly. He and Diwu Hui passed through the node they were sensing one after another. The node that was originally the size of a needle tip in his mental perception instantly turned into a grand tunnel.

The light in front of them changed. In less than two seconds, Xu Tui and Diwu Hui’s eyes lit up. They suddenly appeared on a planet.

The planet looked a little desolate, but the environment in his mental perception was not too harsh.

Most importantly, it was in ruins! There were fortresses built around the node of the cosmic tunnel on this planet. However, at this moment, these fortresses had already become ruins. Moreover, from the observation and judgment of his mental perception, these ruins were very new.

The worst thing was that Xu Tui could see the architectural style of the Blue Star from the construction model.

Xu Tui instantly made a judgment. This was a planet that had been invaded. It might be a planet controlled by the Blue Star humans. In other words, if there were no accidents, the wave of enemies that they had discovered in the cosmic tunnel had left through the cosmic tunnel after attacking this planet.

Where did they go after they left? Which family did this planet belong to? Were there any more enemies?

Since he was here, he had to manage it and explore it. At the very least, he had to see if there were any survivors and understand the enemy’s strength. Soon, Xu Tui sent a message to An Xiaoxue through Tri Ling Ding.

A minute later, An Xiaoxue and the others arrived.

After a simple understanding of the situation, Xu Tui made arrangements. He left behind the communication robot that Lavis and Xu Tui had brought with them to stand guard at the node of the cosmic tunnel on this planet. It would inform them immediately if anything happened.

“Let’s go!”

Yin Liu directly transformed into a fighter jet. The others stepped on Yin Liu’s back and instantly rose into the air to explore this planet. The advantage of doing this was that it would only expose Yin Liu’s aura. The auras of the others could be very well hidden.

The vision of a quasi-planetary and Planetary realm powerhouse was very powerful.

Especially in the sky.

In a few minutes, he discovered a flame. That should be a small city that had experienced battles. Or rather, it was more suitable to describe it as a base. There were ruins in the base. There were damaged buildings everywhere. The architectural characteristics were very obvious.

The energy reaction center of the base exploded, leaving a huge hole in the ground.

Soon, Xu Tui’s pupils constricted. He scanned with his mind power and found a survivor. It was a blond man from the American Sector or the European Sector.

“What’s going on?” Xu Tui saved the still-living man from the ruins. After drinking a bottle of potion, he used his mind power to instantiate the quantum frequency of his original life and treat him. Thirty seconds later, the man woke up with a scream.

“Monster!”

“Monster!”

The man who woke up roared in fear.

Xu Tui fell into deep thought. He immediately used his spiritual resonance to comfort the terrified man. “Where is the monster? What is it like? Where is this planet base?”

“This is Planet Karsnai from the American Sector! Suddenly, enemies arrive.

It’s very cruel. They eat…”

As the survivor spoke, Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, Yin Liu, and Diwu Hui instantly raised their heads and looked at the sky. In the distance, a stream of light was rushing over.

Planetary realm!

His aura was extremely violent and powerful. There were still enemies on this planet!

“Let’s go!”

There was no need for the man to say anything else. Xu Tui had already used his spiritual radiation to see a portion of the image in the man’s mind.

Muya Clan!

The enemy of the attack was the Muya Clan!

It was almost a one-sided massacre. There were 2,000-meter immigrants in the base in front of him. Other than those who died in battle, the rest had been eaten!

Xu Tui was silent. He waved his hand, and a group of people soared into the sky.

Two Planetary realm experts and five quasi-planetary realm experts soared into the sky without hiding their auras. They quickly faced the Planetary realm stream of light that was rushing over.

However, the reaction speed of the Planetary realm expert from Muya was also extremely fast. The moment Xu Tui and the others soared into the sky, his figure drew an arc of light. He instantly turned around and fled.

He did not escape in the direction of the cosmic tunnel node. Instead, he fled in another direction on this planet.

“He has accomplices on this planet!” Xu Tui immediately made a judgment.

“Maintain the battle formation. Chase after him!”

The slow quasi-planetary expert jumped onto Yin Liu’s body. Xu Tui rode his sword into the sky and turned into two streams of light with Diwu Hui. They chased after the escaping planetary expert.

To be honest, Xu Tui did not have much of an advantage in speed. At his current sDeed, he would not be able to catch uD in a few hours.

However, Xu Tui had plans. He was prepared to use his own teleportation to stop them when he got closer and killed them.

However, after chasing for only 15 minutes, 11 streams of light suddenly came from the distant sky.

One Planetary realm and ten quasi-planetary experts.

In the next moment, the fleeing Muya planetary once again drew a gorgeous arc of light in the sky and turned around. He met up with the reinforcements he had gathered. There were 12 streams of light.

Two Planetary realm experts and ten quasi-planetary experts instantly charged toward Xu Tui and the others.

In the sky, two waves of light were charging at high speed. The battle was right in front of them.

However, Xu Tui had an obvious disadvantage in terms of numbers.

He had already seen the appearance of the Planetary realm powerhouse who had escaped just now. He was an eagle-headed man. He looked very strange. He looked more like a giant eagle than a human.

At this moment, the eagle-headed Muya was so excited that he screamed.

“Hahaha, an expert from the Blue Star. Another delicious food. It looks like I’m destined to…” Before he could finish speaking, a dark multicolored sword light suddenly appeared from afar, causing the Eagle-Headed Man’s heart to instantly palpitate. He was extremely shocked.

Shock appeared on his face, but in the next moment, the dark-colored sword light disappeared. This made the eagle-headed man heave a sigh of relief. The speed that had just slowed down increased again.

He wanted to kill the enemy! He wanted to eat the Blue Star experts!

The experts of the Blue Star were a great cultivation item for the Muya Clan! Eating too much could directly increase one’s cultivation. However, just as he was drooling, the dark-colored sword light that had just disappeared and made his heart palpitate instantly appeared above his head.

The eagle-headed man’s expression instantly froze.

The excited roars suddenly turned into screams of fear. In the next moment, the sharp howls stopped. The eagle-headed man instantly became like a piece of wood and fell from the sky..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1