Chapter 1325 - 1325: Blood Crystal And Poison Technique

Chapter 1325: Blood Crystal and Poison Technique

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It had to be said that the combat strength of the other members of Xu Tui’s pioneer raiders was also very powerful.

On the Muya Clan’s side, Xu Tui took away the two strongest Planetary realm powerhouses. The remaining six people fought the ten quasi-planetary experts of the Muya Clan.

Yin Liu and Diwu Hui each used their full strength to fight two quasi-planetary experts. The remaining four people fought the Muya Clan.

An Xiaoxue and Bu Qingqiu both fought two people.

Among them, An Xiaoxue was the most dazzling.

An Xiaoxue was like the Planetary realm powerhouse, Diwu Hui. She dealt with a quasi-planetary in the shortest time possible and captured a Muya quasi-planetary alive.

The others were not weak either, including Wen Shao, who had just broken through. They had the upper hand in a one-on-one battle.

With the help of Yin Liu and Diwu Hui, it Quicklv became a spirit. Thev killed

eight of the ten quasi-planets and captured two alive.

The other Muya was captured alive by Diwu Hui.

Diwu Hui was the strongest Planetary realm powerhouse under Xu Tui. He was a peak Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

“Clean up the battlefield. Diwu Hui, Yin Liu, you are the fastest. Fly high in the sky and quickly scout the entire planet to see if there are any other remnant enemies. Send it over through the temporary communication channel if you find anything,” Xu Tui ordered.

Technological equipment could not be used in the cosmic tunnel, but they could be used on the planet.

Xu Tui had brought two sets of temporary communication devices with him in his quantum dimensional chain. He released them now so he could establish a temporary connection. He only wanted to make contact easier.

Soon, Yin Liu and Diwu Hui soared into the sky and chose a direction to investigate.

Wen Shao, Bu Qingqiu, and Yanzi began to deal with the corpses of the Muya Clan. Firstly, they searched their bodies for their gains. Secondly, they used the condensation technique to collect the essence of their power, which was Origin Crystals.

This was especially so for mind power Origin Crystals and energy field Origin Crystals. They could only be condensed after these experts died. However, just as Wen Shao was about to use the condensation technique to deal with the first Muya corpse, Little Six’s voice suddenly sounded. “Wait, stop, stop!”

Little Six screamed in Xu Tui’s mind. Xu Tui was very puzzled. “What’s going on? What stop?”

“Tell them to stop dealing with the corpses.”

Although he was very puzzled, Xu Tui still got Wen Shao, Yanzi, and the others to stop collecting the corpses of the Muya Clan. Then, he asked Little Six.

“Xu Tui, has your human race always dealt with the corpses of the Muya Clan like this?” Little Six asked. “Do you only know this method of condensation after death?”

“You can say that!” Xu Tui nodded. “In fact, we have not been in contact with the Muya Clan for long. To me, it has only been two months since we discovered and came into contact with the Muya Clan.

“Previously, we had been using this condensation method to obtain high-quality mind power Origin Crystals when we dealt with the corpses of Planetary realm powerhouses or quasi-planetary powerhouses, be it from other races or our race. Why? Do you have a problem with that?” Xu Tui asked.

“There’s a problem.”

“What problem?”

“It’s a waste. It’s too wasteful! It can even be said to be a waste of natural resources!” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was stunned. He pointed at the Muya’s corpse and said, “Little Six, did I hear wrongly? Do you think it’s a waste of resources for us to use the Muya’s corpse like this? That’s how you describe the corpses of the Muya Clan? Why do I feel that it’s not appropriate?”

“What’s inappropriate? Didn’t the Muya Clan treat the humans of the Blue Star as the most delicious tonic? Then it’s normal for you to treat their corpses as good things,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was silent.

That made sense. It was not just in front of him. At this moment, the reconnaissance images sent by Yin Liu and Diwu Hui were also very tragic.

The Muya Clan really treated the Blue Star humans as food.

Basically, the stronger Blue Star humans would be eaten until there was nothing left, only clothes. As for the Blue Star humans with average cultivation, they would throw them away after eating half of them.

There were too many such tragic scenes.

Corpses were everywhere. This should be an asteroid that belonged to the American Sector. Currently, a total of five bases have been discovered. Every base had a D0Dulation of about 500 to 1,000. Other than the one that was

released previously, no one was alive.

Most of these 3,000 to 5,000 people had been… eaten!

The Muya Clan…

At this moment, Xu Tui had never hated a species so much.

“Little Six, what’s going on? Tell me directly. Do you have any other way to deal with the Muya corpses?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course! Do you Blue Star humans not know how to forcefully refine blood crystals and soul crystals?” Little Six was stunned.

“Forcibly refine the blood crystals and soul crystals?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“It’s to refine the Muyas, whether they are alive or dead, into blood crystals and soul crystals that are the most nourishing to the Blue Star humans through this method. The former could be used to quickly recover one’s energy field, while the latter could be used to quickly recover one’s mind power. Without needing to recover, both can be used to quickly increase your cultivation,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard that. He suddenly thought of a problem.

The Muya Clan directly devoured the bodies of the Blue Star humans. Whether it was the strong or ordinary humans, the Muya Clan would have an enhancement effect if they ate the Blue Star humans.

Now that Little Six had said that the Blue Star humans could directly refine the Muya Clan into blood crystals and soul crystals to recover their energy and increase their cultivation.

Then were the humans of the Blue Star and the Muya Clan enemies?

Death feud? A feud with a race?

Xu Tui raised this question to Little Six. Hearing this, Little Six sneered. “Be your family feud? A race feud? The Muya Clan are not worthy! They’re just a bunch of low-level trash who picked up an opportunity.” “Do you know the origins of the Muya Clan?” Xu Tui asked.

“I do.” “Tell me about it?”

“I can’t say! ”

“Why can’t you say it?”

“Before you reach a specific strength, there are some things that I can’t say! If I say it, it will bring you trouble, big trouble!” Little Six said.

“What’s going on?”

“You’ll slowly understand in the future. Don’t ask this question now! I didn’t expect you to not even know how to refine blood crystals and soul crystals. Let me teach you. It’s actually very simple,” Little Six said.

“Alright.”

Just as Little Six had said, the method of refining the blood crystals and soul crystals was not difficult. However, there was a requirement. Only quasi-planetary experts could use it. The method was very ingenious. He used his mind power or energy field to condense the corpses of the Muya Clan at a special frequency.

The speed at which blood crystals and soul crystals were condensed varied depending on one’s strength. It took An Xiaoxue about six minutes to refine a quasi-planetary Muya into blood crystals and soul crystals. It took Xu Tui seven minutes to refine the corpse of the Planetary realm powerhouse, Zet, into blood crystals and soul crystals.

The blood crystals or soul crystals refined by the quasi-planetary Muya were different depending on their major direction. They could obtain more soul crystals after refining the supernatural beings of the Muya Clan, while they could obtain more blood crystals after refining the Extreme Branch of the Muya Clan.

However, the number of blood crystals and soul crystals obtained by the quasi-planetary Muyas were between one gram and ten grams.

They obtained more than 10 grams of blood crystals and soul crystals from a Planetary realm Muya, provided that they had a complete corpse.

For example, after Xu Tui refined Zet’s Planetary realm corpse, he obtained a total of 24 grams of Blood Crystals and five grams of Soul Crystals.

As for the Planetary realm powerhouse, Narilin, Xu Tui obtained 29 grams of Soul Crystals and 11 grams of Blood Crystals after he refined all of his fragmented corpses.

According to Little Six, under normal circumstances, a supernatural being would obtain more than 30 grams of Soul Crystals after refining it.

“Yanzi, is there such a method in the Spiritual Race?” Xu Tui suddenly had a

thought when he saw Yanzi, who had just learned it.

“I don’t know!” Yanzi shook her head. “There are some things that are not popularized by the entire clan. There might be! I heard from Grandpa that our Spiritual Race has a war zone with the Muya Clan in the Milky Way. The battle is very tragic. Half of the casualties in the clan came from the war zone with the Muya Clan. ”

This made Xu Tui feel conflicted again.

From the current situation, the Muya Clan and the Blue Star humans were mortal enemies.

In the Milky Way, the Spiritual Race was at war with the Muya Clan and the Great Xi Clan at the same time. Moreover, according to Yanzi, the battle between the Spiritual Race and the Muya Clan was very tragic.

In theory, the enemy of an enemy was a friend.

According to this calculation, the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans could be considered friends. But in reality, the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans were mortal enemies.

Xu Tui could not understand this situation. The current waves of enemies, or rather, the situation in the Milky Way, were more complicated than Xu Tui had imagined.

“Xu Tui, if the other humans on the Blue Star don’t know how to refine the blood crystals or soul crystals, remember to spread it! Spread it on a large scale,” Little Six suddenly instructed.

Xu Tui was stunned by this explanation.

“Do you remember how pork became a staple food for meat in the history of Huaxia?

Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. He remembered the history of pork. In the beginning, not many people were willing to eat pork. Even in ancient Huaxia, the middle and lower classes did not eat much, much less the upper classes.

The main reason was that the pork tasted bad at that time. This was because the method of castrating a male pig was not popularized, causing the pork to taste bad. Later on, the method of castration became popular, and the pork became delicious. It gradually became the meat that was served the most.

The reason was value and method. With the right and delicious way to eat it, its value would come. Everyone would eat it.

Xu Tui suddenly understood what Little Six meant. Normal promotion of the method of refining the Muyas into Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals was to turn the Muyas into the favorite prey of the Blue Star humans. Once it was promoted, the Muya Clan would become the favorite prey of the Blue Star humans.

When chasing after valuable things, the madness of the Blue Star humans was terrifying. In the future, who would be the prey between the Muya Clan and the Blue Star humans?

“Little Six, that’s right. Who invented and created the method of refining the Muyas’ bodies into blood crystals and soul crystals?” Xu Tui asked.

“I can’t say! ” Little Six sneered. His voice was a little solemn. “Also, you guys have to pay attention as well. You can’t use too many blood crystals and soul crystals at once! Especially soul crystals. You can’t use too many. It’s best to purify them! Otherwise, it will affect you if you use it too much.”

“What impact?”

“What do you think? There are inevitably all kinds of negative energy in their soul crystals. Tyranny, killing, and so on! Unfortunately, the purification method is relatively difficult. Ordinary Planetary realm experts can’t use it. However. don’t tell anvone about this.”

“Then you still want me to promote it…” Xu Tui was stunned when he was halfway through his sentence. He understood what Little Six meant! If word got out, many people would probably not be so fanatical about the Muyas’ bodies.

This method was very vicious!

At this moment, Little Six was like an old coin that had lived for thousands of years. He did not look like the innocent child in his voice.

Xu Tui did not agree or refuse. He used his spiritual radiation and other abilities to interrogate the two survivors.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui’s expression became serious. He saw some bad images in the minds of these two quasi-planets..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1