Chapter 1320 - 1320: Entering The Cosmic Tunnel

Chapter 1320: Entering the Cosmic Tunnel

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Little Six was a chatterbox on An Xiaoxue’s side, but he pretended to be aloof on Xu Tui’s side.

Currently, this guy only existed in a strange mental body form. Otherwise, Xu Tui would be a little jealous.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue took turns to communicate and basically learned a portion of the characteristics of the so-called cosmic tunnel.

The cosmic tunnel was mainly connected to the small universes. People with road passes or road signs could quickly arrive at the small universe through the cosmic tunnel.

Of course, that included some planets.

For example, a small number of planets that were at the node of the cosmic tunnel, like the current Planet Peach, could quickly arrive through such a cosmic tunnel.

The lowest cultivation level that entered the cosmic tunnel was a quasi-planet.

Only quasi-planetary powerhouses who had condensed the main planet could enter the cosmic tunnel. Otherwise, without the main planet bearing the pressure of the cosmic tunnel, the person who entered would immediately disintegrate.

It was a good thing that there was a cosmic tunnel node on Planet Peach, but it also brought risks to Planet Peach.

If someone had a cosmic tunnel sign for Planet Peach, or if a certain idiot was lucky enough to barge into Planet Peach’s cosmic tunnel, they would be able to reach Planet Peach immediately.

That was the risk.

Under normal circumstances, there would definitely be Planetary realm experts who dared to pass through the cosmic tunnel.

Therefore, this cosmic tunnel node on Planet Peach was a good thing and a risk.

In comparison, the cosmic tunnel was much faster than the quantum teleportation channel. Other than the need for a location marker or a travel guide, there were almost no restrictions.

A large number of people could arrive in an instant.

As for the cosmic tunnel nodes, there were many ways to display them.

The most eye-catching thing was that it appeared in the void.

A portion of them would appear on the surface like Planet Peach because of the energy gathering point, but most of them were deep underground.

It might be the lava at the center of the earth, or the underground river, quicksand, and so on.

This was because the nodes of the cosmic tunnel usually appeared in places where energy was abundant. Under normal circumstances, energy on most planets where it was the most abundant were earth veins, which were deep underground.

Of course, there were not many planets that could have cosmic tunnel nodes. It could even be said that only a small number of planets could have cosmic tunnel nodes.

Planets with cosmic tunnel nodes all had a relatively common characteristic—now or in the past, the energy concentration of this planet had been extremely rich.

Therefore, for the safety of Planet Peach, Xu Tui immediately ordered Ah Huang to quickly gather a large number of robots to build a fortress in the eastern mountains.

A defensive fortress would be built with the cosmic tunnel node in the eastern mountain area as the center.

Construction standard: Targeted at the Planetary realm!

If a Planetary realm powerhouse rushed out of the cosmic tunnel, this internal defense fortress would be able to stop him, and make him able to break through the fortress in a short period of time. Furthermore, the defensive equipment he set up could threaten a Planetary realm powerhouse.

The project required a certain amount of time, but Ah Huang had already adjusted this project to the highest priority.

Other than that, Xu Tui finally understood what Little Six meant when he said that he was the guide to the cosmic tunnel.

First of all, because of his background, Little Six had the pass to the Samsara

Small Universe, Earth, Water, Wind, and Fire Origin Small Universe. However, the prerequisite was that he had to find the direction. The cosmic tunnel itself was also connected.

Secondly, Little Six did not have a guide to all the small universes.

However, Little Six had a very powerful ability. This was probably the fundamental reason why the Lord had asked Little Six to guard the origin domain seal and preserve it until now.

After Little Six returned to the red fire slip, which was Red Heart, he had the ability to record road signs.

For example, Little Six did not have a road sign at the cosmic node of Planet Peach. However, as long as Xu Tui brought him through and stayed for a period of time, he would be able to produce a road sign himself. Then, he would be able to bring Xu Tui back in the future.

At the same time, because of certain characteristics, Little Six’s recognition of cosmic tunnels was a little higher than most people.

Of course, the cosmic tunnel was not unique to the Blue Star humans. The Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Clan, and the Muya Clan could all use the cosmic tunnel. For example, the Great Xi Clan’s warp ability was derived from the characteristics of some cosmic tunnels.

The cosmic tunnel was more like a mysterious public high-speed tunnel. It was also because of this that Planet Peach instantly reached a very dangerous juncture. A large number of enemies might be able to sneak into Planet Peach through the cosmic tunnel.

That was the danger.

Under such circumstances, Planet Peach faced possible danger at all times, even after the internal defense fortress was built.

Five days later, Xu Tui carefully chose a portion of the strong talents after the defense fortress at the cosmic tunnel node in the east of Planet Peach activated. He was prepared to explore the nearby cosmic node tunnels.

He had to figure out the way to his house, right?

Xu Tui did not forget to contact Cai Shaochu during this period. He told Cai Shaochu most of the situation through the disorderly encryption. His original intention was to invite Cai Shaochu over to study the cosmic tunnel node together.

However, Cai Shaochu’s reply surprised Xu Tui.

Cai Shaochu said that Ceres Star had undergone some mutations and that he could not leave it for the time being. He told him to explore carefully and pay attention to his safety.

This way, Xu Tui could only explore carefully.

On the 9th of April, Xu Tui led a carefully selected exploration team. There were a total of eight members. Xu Tui, Diwu Hui, Yin Liu, Lavis, Yanzi, Bu Qingqiu, Wen Shao, and An Xiaoxue. The commander-in-chief who stayed behind was Ah Huang, and the deputy commander-in-chief, Qu Qingshan.

However, before he entered the node of the cosmic tunnel, Xu Tui first used a purely physical method to drag two people in for testing.

Little Six’s words were very credible.

However, Xu Tui had just obtained Little Six. Moreover, if he really believed what the other person said without holding back, he would not have survived until now. Even if he wanted to explore, he had to verify it himself.

The people being hung down were the captives of the Muya Clan that Xu Tui had left behind.

Previously, not all of the captives of the Muya Clan had been thrown into the Spiritual Cultivation Center. One quasi-planet was left behind, and two Transmutation Realms were left behind for experiments.

He did not expect to use it.

The first to be thrown down was the quasi-planet of the Muya Clan. He felt that there was no bottom to it. He threw it in for about a hundred meters. After a minute. he Dulled it out.

This way, Xu Tui could only explore carefully.

On the 9th of April, Xu Tui led a carefully selected exploration team. There were a total of eight members. Xu Tui, Diwu Hui, Yin Liu, Lavis, Yanzi, Bu Qingqiu, Wen Shao, and An Xiaoxue. The commander-in-chief who stayed behind was Ah Huang, and the deputy commander-in-chief, Qu Qingshan.

However, before he entered the node of the cosmic tunnel, Xu Tui first used a purely physical method to drag two people in for testing.

Little Six’s words were very credible.

However, Xu Tui had just obtained Little Six. Moreover, if he really believed what the other person said without holding back, he would not have survived until now. Even if he wanted to explore, he had to verify it himself.

The people being hung down were the captives of the Muya Clan that Xu Tui had left behind.

Previously, not all of the captives of the Muya Clan had been thrown into the Spiritual Cultivation Center. One quasi-planet was left behind, and two Transmutation Realms were left behind for experiments.

He did not expect to use it.

The first to be thrown down was the quasi-planet of the Muya Clan. He felt that there was no bottom to it. He threw it in for about a hundred meters. After a minute. he Dulled it out.

Xu Tui felt as if he had passed through a membrane. When the light and shadow in front of him were multicolored, he felt as if he had fallen into water.

He felt weightless for a moment. He instinctively spread out his mind power. He wanted to use his mental perception to explore, but he quickly frowned.

His mind power was suppressed here.

Now that Xu Tui had broken through to the quasi-planetary realm, the range of his mental perception had reached a terrifying ten kilometers. However, he felt that he could only explore about a thousand meters here. It had been suppressed and shrunk by ten times.

Then, Xu Tui sized up the cosmic tunnel with his eyes. It was dotted with stars. It was a little like a starlight tunnel. It felt very light in the water. There was no place to borrow strength, but he could walk. “Little Six, this is the cosmic tunnel? Does it have a border? Where is the direction of the tunnel? How do we leave and return to Planet Peach?” Xu Tui asked a series of questions.

“There’s a border. There’s a great power at the border. You can sense this impenetrable power when you get close,” Little Six said.

“As for the direction of the tunnel, you can pass through places without such a repulsive great power.”

Xu Tui was shocked when he heard that.

“In that case, it’s the same as the sea. Where did the path come from?”

“How else do you think it’s called a cosmic tunnel?” “Then how are we going to get home?” Xu Tui asked.

“Give me some mind power.”

In the next moment, a red light shot out of the Red Heart in Xu Tui’s mind and pointed in a certain direction.

“Walk in this direction and reach the end. We’ll go back after passing through,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he heard Little Six’s answer. However, he immediately thought of another question. “Little Six, in that case, will someone accidentally walk to our Planet Peach?”

“Of course. There are those who are bold! If they’re not afraid of death, they can try whatever they want. The cosmic barrier that you can pass through might not be a planet,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui nodded thoughtfully. “Then how do I get there?”

“Feel free to walk, but you have to pay attention to cleaning up the traces,” Little Six said.

“Clean up the traces?”

“That’s right. Anyone who passes through the cosmic tunnel will definitely leave traces!” Little Six said.

“There will definitely be traces left behind after walking through the cosmic tunnel?” Xu Tui’s brows twitched. He suddenly thought of something.

“Of course, but there’s a time limit. The traces of walking in the cosmic tunnel will slowly dissipate under the power of time. The longer the time, the more it dissipates, and the harder it will be to discover it!” Little Six said. “Can you discover it with normal mental perception?”

“The stronger kind! Not even ordinary people.”

“Hmm?” Xu Tui used the strongest microscopic perception in his mental perception to carefully sense the situation around the cosmic tunnel. A minute later, his expression suddenly became stern.. “Little Six, why do I sense a large number of remnant auras! It seems that someone passed through here? How can I judge the time?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1