Chapter 1330 - 1330: Ceres Confrontation (2)

Chapter 1330: Ceres Confrontation (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“When you hesitate to use it, that’s when you have to use it. Don’t hesitate.

Remember this. ”

After giving his instructions, Xu Tui put on the Vajra Set and extended his mental perception out to a range of less than a thousand meters. He carefully advanced deeper into the Water Origin Palace.

The layout of the Water Origin Palace had a retro feel to it. Other than the tunnel that they entered, the deeper they went, the more twists and turns they turned. For safety reasons, Xu Tui and the others did not advance quickly.

In less than five minutes, Xu Tui’s expression turned cold. He could already vaguely sense an extremely powerful energy fluctuation.

In the main hall of the Peaceful Water Relic Palace, a tragic battle was underway. There were many participants. On the Blue Star, there were several top-notch experts, Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and Ruan Tianzuo. Basically, the strongest people in the American Sector, the India Sector, and the European Sector were all here. Originally, this was a very powerful force.

But at this moment, they were struggling to hold on under the surprise attack of the experts led by Darak. Including Darak, there were a total of 11 Planetary realm powerhouses and 43 quasi-planetary experts.

This was after they split up after the attack.

Under normal circumstances, although this power was powerful, it could not suppress the power of the Blue Star. After all, the Blue Star’s garrison on Ceres Star was very powerful at the moment.

In the past year, as the Blue Star continued to expand, new Planetary realm powerhouses kept appearing. The Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star were no longer as little as before.

Due to the many special discoveries of Ceres Star, the forces stationed on Ceres

Star by the various sectors of the Blue Star were the bulk. Other than the Africa

Sector, there were at least two Planetary realm experts stationed on Ceres

Star.

That did not include support in emergencies.

The Blue Star had established a quantum teleportation channel between Ceres, Kono, and Mars. In an emergency, at least two Planetary realm powerhouses could come. Currently, the strongest person on the Blue Star, Erera, was also stationed on Ceres Star.

In this state of emergency, there were at least 17 Planetary realm powerhouses on Ceres Star. It was not a problem to deal with the Muya Clan’s attack.

But what appeared in front of Xu Tui and the others was a complete disadvantage.

Haren, Itavi, Augusto, Ruan Tianzuo, including Huang Gu, and another

Planetary realm powerhouse that Xu Tui did not recognize were fighting the Muyas led by Darak with difficulty. Erera and the other Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star did not appear.

There were already many corpses piled up in the main hall of the Water Origin

Palace. There were at least a dozen of them. Two-thirds of them were quasi-planets of the Blue Star.

There were also Muyas.

Darak was attacking crazily. He was staring at Haren’s attacks. Every attack made Haren vomit blood.

However, Haren’s situation was also a little strange. Originally, Haren was about to collapse, but every time, it could cause an aqua-blue power on the ground to help him reduce the pressure. Itavi and Augusto were the same.

They were in an extremely poor state, but they could always use this power to survive a life-and-death situation.

The situation was very strange.

Moreover, the leader of the Muya Clan, Darak, was in a very good state. He was almost unharmed.

This made Xu Tui, who had just arrived, feel extremely strange.

That shouldn’t be the case.

Darak was indeed very strong. He was in the Planetary realm, and his combat strength of Five Satellites was even stronger than an ordinary Planetary realm. However, be it Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and the others, they were all Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. Only one of them needed to hold back Darak.

Even if Darak wanted to severely injure anyone, he would definitely have to pay a price. He would not be in a nearly intact state.

What about Erera?

Erera should have appeared now. Even if she could not instantly kill Darak, she could severely injure him if she appeared. Then the crisis of this battle would be resolved.

On the entire battlefield, the Blue Star was clearly in an abnormal situation of having fewer people.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had a thought.

On the battlefield, other than Ruan Tianzuo, the others from the Blue Star were all members of the American Sector, the European Sector, the India Sector, and the Huaya Sector. They did not see any members of the Huaxia Sector, the Russian Federation, or the Africa Sector.

There was no Planetary realm or quasi-planetary realm from any one of these sectors.

This was abnormal!

Even if there were differences in the Blue Star, they would definitely not leave him in the lurch under such circumstances. If Haren and the others died here, the future of the Blue Star would also face a calamity.

The Huaxia Sector and the Russian Federation alone could not withstand so many enemies.

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. His expression instantly turned stern.

He understood!

Although Xu Tui did not observe the situation outside, there should be a larger battlefield on Ceres Star outside the Water Origin Palace.

Otherwise, the Boss of the Muya Clan, Darak, would not have dared to bring more than a dozen Planetary realm experts to attack the retreat of the Blue Star. He would have dared to split his forces along the way.

He had something to rely on! Then what did he rely on? There was a high chance that they were Blue Star’s enemies on Ceres Star, the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan. The Muyas were related to the Spiritual Race or the Great Xi Clan, or both.

This judgment was definitely not good news for the Blue Star.

Just as Xu Tui had guessed, another extremely oppressive confrontation was happening above the Water Origin Palace.

Cai Shaochu, the Russian Federation’s Planetary realm powerhouse, Anlevich, Erera, The Myth’s Athena, and the other 11 Planetary realm powerhouses were leading more than 30 quasi-planetary experts. They were floating in the sky in their respective postures. Light surrounded their bodies, and they had a cold aura..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1