Chapter 1336 - 1336: Enemies

Chapter 1336: Enemies

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As the sound of the tunnel behind the Water Origin Palace rang out, the expressions of Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and Ruan Tianzuo changed.

That was where the Muyas had come from. Could it be that the Muyas had returned? Did they bring back reinforcements? If that was the case, they would be in big trouble.

Everyone knew very well that it was because of Xu Tui that they could force the Muyas away. Xu Tui’s two God Slaying Swords of different nature had severely injured the Boss of the Muyas, Darak.

Then who would fight when the Muyas came again?

Actually, this was also the reason why Ruan Tianzuo was frightened by Xu Tui.

Before today’s battle, Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword had been very stunning.

However, no matter how stunning it was, Xu Tui only had one move.

He could only slash once!

However, Xu Tui had slashed out two God Slaying Swords in the battle with the Muya, Darak. This made Ruan Tianzuo extremely wary. If Xu Tui could slash out the second God Slaying Sword, he might be able to slash out the third God Slaying Sword.

Would he dare to take the risk?

He did not dare! Especially since he was not in his peak state. In the previous battle, he had expended a lot of energy fighting Darak. He had lost more than half of his strength. To be honest, if he was at his peak, he would really dare to take the risk.

In any case, he would definitely not die after receiving Xu Tui’s God Slaying

Sword. But now, he did not dare to take the risk.

How should he put it? Just now, Ruan Tianzuo was caught between a rock and a hard place.

As a veteran Planetary realm powerhouse, Ruan Tianzuo was a little embarrassed to be provoked by Xu Tui in front of so many quasi-planetary juniors, even though he was very thick-skinned.

However, at this moment, the sound of the tunnel behind the Water Origin

Palace saved Ruan Tianzuo.

In an instant, Ruan Tianzuo flicked a fire line toward the back of the tunnel.

This fire line could greatly increase the range of his mental perception.

“Who is it!” Ruan Tianzuo roared. As he roared, Ruan Tianzuo took the opportunity to retreat to the entrance of the main hall. He could attack or defend from this position. Most importantly, Ruan Tianzuo took advantage of the situation and retreated. He had found a way out. It was not too awkward. He really did not dare to take the God Slaying Sword head-on in his current state.

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face.

Everyone present could see through Ruan Tianzuo’s thoughts. However, they did not expose him. It was considered giving Old Ruan some face. However, the question was, who was coming from the cosmic tunnel behind the Water Origin Palace?

Xu Tui could only rejoice. Fortunately, he did not leave anyone guarding the cosmic tunnel just now. Otherwise, they would have been added to the food of the retreating Muyas or the people who had come.

Everyone looked at the tunnel of the Water Origin Palace behind them.

Xu Tui quickly refined the power of the Water Eye as he quickly purified another Soul Crystal. Under Xu Tui’s control, the negative energy in the Soul Crystal surged into the God Slaying Sword in Red Heart like a tidal wave.

This was the reason why Xu Tui was able to condense another God Slaying Sword and scare Ruan Tianzuo away.

Xu Tui realized this problem when he ???? to refine the water eve just now.

However, other than the powerful killing move of teleporting other lifeforms, he no longer had any way to intimidate the enemy.

Xu Tui would faint on the spot after using the killing move of teleporting other lifeforms. Under the current circumstances, he could not use it if he could.

At that moment, Xu Tui thought of the Soul Crystal.

Soul Crystals were different from Silver Spirit Boxes. There was more negative power in the Soul Crystal than in the Silver Box of Spirit. The spiritual power in the Silver Box of Spirit was a little purer than in the Soul Crystal.

However, the purification of the negative power was slower.

Even with the cooperation of the Red Heart’s God Slaying Sword, purifying the negative power in the Silver Spirit Box was a little like peeling out a cocoon. Purifying it was relatively slow.

A Silver Spirit Box would take at least 15 minutes. About five to seven negative forces in the Silver Box of Spirit could fill the God Slaying Sword.

However, Soul Crystals were different. There were more negative forces in Soul

Crystals. During the purification, as long as the God Slaying Sword in Red Heart cooperated, the negative forces would surge towards the God Slaying Sword.

At this speed, he would be able to recover 10 to 20% of the negative power in the God Slaying Sword in a few seconds. It could even continue to increase.

Xu Tui had scared Ruan Tianzuo so much that he did not dare to step forward. This was how the God Slaying Sword came about.

At this moment, everyone looked as if they were facing a great enemy. They stared in the direction of the tunnel that was emitting power fluctuations.

Xu Tui had already refined 10% of the remaining share in the water eye. He still had 15% left. As he refined 10% of the remaining power, he suddenly felt an inexplicable sense of security and familiarity.

Everything about the Water Origin Palace became familiar to Xu Tui. It even gave him a sense of security. An indescribable feeling surged in all directions. It was as if something was about to be transmitted, but it was very blurry. He could not see anything.

After being stunned for a moment, Xu Tui suddenly understood. Control. This was because he had developed a certain level of control over the Water Origin Palace after he refined 10% of the Water Eye.

With a thought, Xu Tui activated his mental perception again and instantly discovered something. The suppression of his mind power by the force field in the Water Origin Palace weakened.

Previously, his mental perception range, which was originally as high as

10,000 meters, had been suppressed to 1,000 meters in the Water Origin Palace. However, in this short period of time, Xu Tui’s mental perception could already spread beyond 1,700 meters.

If not for the obstruction of the various buildings, 2,000 meters should not be a problem.

This was also a change brought about by refining 10% of the water eye’s power. This change made his heart skip a beat. What would happen if he completely refined and controlled the entire Water Eye?

In his mind, the main star of mind power that was emitting a five-layered star halo was extremely dazzling. Xu Tui was trying his best to refine the water eye.

At this moment, 15 auras formed a formation and surged in from the back tunnel. Not to mention their aura, just the style of their combat uniform showed that they were Blue Star Humans!

Reinforcements from the Blue Star had arrived.

However, this wave of reinforcements was all wearing full-cover combat uniforms. Under normal circumstances, the combat uniform worn by a Planetary realm or quasi-planetary realm would be simpler.

This wave of reinforcements was completely covered in heavy armor. It was impossible to tell the identity of the person who came. However, since they were reinforcements from the Blue Star, Haren, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others heaved a sigh of relief.

The danger was averted.

Xu Tui’s heart flashed with confusion. This group of Blue Star reinforcements had undoubtedly come from the tunnel they had come from just now. The tunnel they had come from was a cosmic tunnel.

In other words, this wave of Blue Star reinforcements had come from the cosmic tunnel. Someone on the Blue Star knew about the cosmic tunnel! Which force would it be? Also, they were really lucky. If they had been a few minutes earlier, they might have fought with the retreating Muyas. If they were not lucky, the dozen or so people in this wave might be swallowed by the Muyas.

Although the Muyas had evacuated in a panic, in fact, because Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and the others had been seriously injured before the battle, their main forces had not been injured.

Eleven Planetary realms and 43 quasi-planetary realms came from the Muya Clan. When they left, only 15 corpses were left. Among the 15 corpses, there was only one Planetary realm. The rest were all quasi-planetary experts. The main force was not injured.

There were only three Planetary realms and 12 quasi-planetary reinforcements from the Blue Star.

Among the three Planetary realm experts, the first one had an exceptionally powerful aura. However, because of the heavy armor, his aura was a little obscure. At the very least, he was at least a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

This made Xu Tui’s eyes become even more vigilant.

“Stop! Prepare the three-phase thermal bombs!” Xu Tui deliberately roared, causing the pioneer raiders to instantly enter combat mode.

The reason for this was that Xu Tui had sensed that the strongest person at the front of the reinforcements had been staring at him. Moreover, the mental resonance that Xu Tui’s powerful spiritual resonance reflected was all malice.

The leader of this wave of reinforcements had extremely strong malice towards him.

Xu Tui could not figure it out. Why did such a mysterious and powerful Planetary realm cultivator have ill intentions towards him the moment they met?

There was only one explanation. The other party might also be here for the Water Eye. Moreover, that was very likely.

The other party knew the node of the cosmic tunnel and the location of the cosmic tunnel behind the Water Origin Palace. Since he could come over from the cosmic tunnel, it was completely possible for him to know the secret of the water eye in the Water Origin Palace.

Were they here for the water eye? However, who was it?

The instantaneous attack form of the members of the pioneer raiders caused the reinforcements who had suddenly rushed over to stop in their tracks. This was especially so for the God Slaying Sword that was swaying slightly above Xu Tui’s head. It made the Planetary realm powerhouse in the lead stop in his tracks.

Then, he stood rooted to the ground and stared at Xu Tui through the eyes of his heavy combat uniform. He did not say anything.

At this moment, Xu Tui felt a huge crisis. Especially when the Fire Wings once again appeared faintly behind Ruan Tianzuo, who had just been scared of. Ruan Tianzuo’s aura instantly locked onto Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not know if Ruan Tianzuo had any contact with the new mysterious person. However, if this mysterious person took action, Ruan Tianzuo would definitely take action.

Ruan Tianzuo was not the only one. Haren and Itavi, who had just rested for a few minutes and had recovered their strength, also looked at Xu Tui with ill intentions.

Only Augusto did not lock onto Xu Tui with his aura. In an instant, the situation of Xu Tui and his pioneer raiders was extremely dangerous because of the arrival of this mysterious reinforcement.

They were surrounded by enemies!

If it was possible and he had the ability, Xu Tui really wanted to kill the two shameless people, Haren and Itavi. He had just saved them.

But now…

In all directions, the auras of the new mysterious people, including the four Planetary realm powerhouses, Haren, Itavi, and Ruan Tianzuo, locked onto Xu

Tui at the same time.

The siege was about to begin!

An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, and the others also became extremely nervous.

However, at this moment, Xu Tui looked at Ruan Tianzuo and the others and sneered..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1