Chapter 1332 - 1332: The Mysterious Xu Tui (1)

Chapter 1332: The Mysterious Xu Tui (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Haren, why don’t you give me the portion of the water eye that you refined and controlled? I’ll defeat the enemy. I’ll compensate you after this!” Itavi, who had vomited blood again by his opponent, roared at Haren with blood spurting from the corner of his mouth. Just now, a Fire Shadow Dwarf had blocked a disaster for him.

“Heh, give me yours. I’ll compensate you!” Haren, who was also in a difficult situation, sneered. If he believed Itavi’s guarantee, he might as well believe that there was a God.

Itavi stopped talking when he heard that.

If they could give it away, they would have done so long ago. They would not have fought tooth and nail to end up in such a situation. At their level, they naturally understood the value of the Water Eye in the Peaceful Water Relic Palace. It was definitely a treasure that could only be chanced upon by luck.

Only a fool would give it away.

“Ahem, ahem!” Augusto coughed violently and added, “The two of you, you should be able to believe my credibility, right? Give it all to me. I’ll fight the enemy and compensate you.”

Hearing this, Itavi and Haren sneered at the same time.

At the side, Ruan Tianzuo, who was fighting a bitter battle, was furious. As the top combatant who had come to help, as a top combatant whose combat strength was basically intact, he would naturally take on the leader of the Muya Clan, Darak.

However, he was not only tanking the attacks of Darak, but also the attacks of the other Muya powerhouses. As a result, his current situation was exceptionally difficult. He was covered in injuries.

When they heard that these three fellows were still infighting and that no one was willing to give up the power of the Water Eye that they had refined to fight the enemy, he even had the intention to kill.

He knew that these guys had always been infighting and had serious internal strife, but he did not expect them to be so shameless under such circumstances.

They were at the brink of life and death, yet they did not let go of the benefits they had obtained.

Ruan Tianzuo regretted coming to help. He felt that if this continued, he would be dragged along to be buried with these guys if he was unlucky.

It was also at this moment that Augusto and Haren’s expressions froze. They had received a special voice transmission from Erera.

The situation was not good. They had to retreat!

At this moment, Haren and Augusto looked at each other. Both of them thought of gathering the power of the Water Eye in their hands, but no one wanted to take the initiative to give it out.

In the next moment, the two of them began to give orders to their people, including Itavi.

Even if such a retreat would result in huge losses, no one had any intention of giving up.

Obtaining the power of the Water Eye from the Peaceful Water Relic Palace was not only useful for controlling the Crowd Control, but it was also very important for their future breakthrough and further improvement.

As the order to retreat was given at any time, the quasi-planetary experts of the Blue Star in the Peaceful Water Relic Palace all looked flustered.

In such a stalemate, once the Planetary realm powerhouses retreated, the possibility of them retreating safely from the Peaceful Water Relic Palace was slim.

In an instant, despair spread throughout the Peaceful Water Relic Palace.

Under the drastic decline in morale, the situation in the Peaceful Water Relic Palace tilted towards the Muya Clan again.

Darak was overjoyed. In this short period of time, Darak had taken advantage of the interval between his advantages to refine a little of the power of the water eye in the Water Origin Palace.

As he grasped more and more of the water eye power of the Water Origin Palace, the advantage of war also increased.

Darak had an extremely sharp eye. He could already tell what Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and the others were thinking from their movements.

An attack directly passed Ruan Tianzuo. He blocked the entrance of the main hall of the Peaceful Water Relic Palace and laughed out loud. “You want to escape? Dream on! The few of you will become food for me to break through to the sixth Satellite today! After I eat you, the six Satellites will be in sight!” Darak licked his lips greedily.

Of course, there was something that Darak did not say. He wanted to completely kill the three guys who had refined the power of the Water Eye.

If they did not willingly give it up, he could only kill these three guys and let the water eye power that these three guys had refined return to the Water

Origin Palace. Then, he could completely refine and control the Water Eye.

This way, their team would be able to completely stabilize themselves on Ceres Star, or even the solar system, and wait for the subsequent troops to arrive safely.

Seeing Darak block the door, the cunning Haren, Itavi, and Augusto instantly reacted. Ruan Tianzuo immediately cursed. “Do the three of you really want everyone to die here?”

Haren and the other two looked at each other. No one said a word.

“You… How can you do this!” A quasi-planet from the European Sector roared in despair after being injured one after another.

Haren and Itavi were still speechless. On the other hand, Augusto’s lips moved a few times, but he did not say anything in the end.

Just as the quasi-planetary expert from the European Sector was in despair, the sound of air being torn apart and a brilliant shadow suddenly attacked from the entrance of the main hall.

It was also at this moment that Darak, who had just blocked the entrance of the Water Origin Palace, suddenly felt his hair stand on end. An indescribable sense of danger instantly surfaced in his heart.

Almost instinctively, or rather, an instinct that had been honed through countless life-and-death battles, Darak did not hesitate to use his mind power to activate the holy token on his chest.

A thick milky-white light instantly surged out and enveloped Darak’s entire body.

It was also at this moment that a small dark-colored sword silently slashed into the top of Darak’s head..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1