Chapter 1331 - 1331: Ceres’ Confrontation (3)

Chapter 1331: Ceres’ Confrontation (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The fluctuations of various supernatural beings were faintly discernible, ready to fight at any time.

On the other side, there were nine planetaries led by Chi Jing. There were seven Planetary realm experts led by Günter from the Great Xi Clan. There were a total of 16 Planetary realm experts. They also brought more than 30 quasi-planetary experts. Their auras were locked onto the experts from the Blue Star.

On the Spiritual Race’s side, Lei Zhen, who was surrounded by lightning, had his eyes turn red. If not for Elder Chi Jing’s strict orders, he would have rushed out and started a massacre.

With his speed, it would not be a problem for him to kill a few quasi-planets in an attack.

However, on the ground, more than a dozen mobile launchers had already entered a firing state. Each launcher had three three-phase thermal bombs. The ultra-high-strength energy protection shield had already been raised.

According to the latest technological modifications in the recent battles, the Blue Star had set up an ultra-high-strength energy protection shield for the mobile launcher at all costs. Even if the other party’s Planetary realm powerhouses launched a surprise attack, they could still hold on for a moment before blasting out a three-phase thermal bomb.

Under such a comparison of power, the two sides were confronting each other in front of the Water Origin Palace.

However, the experts on the Blue Star, such as Cai Shaochu and Erera, all had anxious expressions. They looked at the situation of the Water Origin Palace from time to time.

On the other hand, Chi Jing, Günter, and the others had calm expressions.

Other than locking onto Cai Shaochu, Erera, and the others with their auras, they had very relaxed expressions, as if they were watching a show.

Of course, don’t think that they were really watching the show. Once someone from the Blue Star returned to the Water Origin Palace to reinforce them, they would attack with all their might. Moreover, the Blue Star was in a weaker position. Eleven against 17 , Erera could be considered an additional point.

If not for the three-phase thermal bomb launcher on the ground, they might have started fighting. The threat of the three-phase thermal bomb was not too great. Therefore, the power of the confrontation outside was already the limit of the Blue Star.

If one or two more people were reduced, the forces of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race would attack with all their might. Under such circumstances, the Blue Star’s losses would be extremely heavy.

“Shaochu, what should we do? Those idiots in the Peaceful Water Relic Palace can’t hold on much longer.” Erera, who was in the confrontation, had an anxious expression. She had always been good at strength and ferocity. Using her brain had nothing to do with her, but fortunately, she understood this.

She was usually only responsible for charging forward and not making decisions. Otherwise, it might be a disaster.

“What a pity…” Cai Shaochu sighed softly. “If they didn’t fight for it, they would have completed the refinement and control of the Water Eye earlier. Now, they would have been able to use the power in the Peaceful Water Relic Palace to defend and counterattack.

“Although they could not kill Darak and the others who had launched an attack, their defense was definitely not a problem. Now, we could only confront each other here. Once something goes wrong, my personal suggestion is to give up on the Peaceful Water Relic Palace and retreat into the Ancient Wood Relic Palace to defend it.

“We would evacuate as many people as we could from the Peaceful Water Relic Palace. It’s best to inform them to prepare to retreat as soon as possible!”

This decision made Erera even more depressed. When she thought of the previous situation, she stomped her feet in anger. “These idiots have been fighting for a long time, but they haven’t completely obtained control of the water eye. Instead, they have covered themselves in wounds!

Now that Darak had launched an attack, they were dumbfounded. Was there a better way? If they forcefully retreated, the casualties in the Peaceful Water Relic Palace might be very high.

“Especially those quasi-planets. They might not even have the chance to retreat,” Erera said helplessly.

Cai Shaochu let out a long sigh. You can’t make bricks without straw! He had already mobilized all the reinforcements he could use. There were no more reinforcements.

For a moment, Cai Shaochu was also a little depressed. Haren, Itavi, and Augusto, those idiots, had beaten themselves up in order to fight for control of the Water Eye. It was really…

“Alright, then I’ll inform Augusto, Haren, and the others to prepare to retreat. We’ll see how much they can retreat…” Erera had a dejected expression..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1