Chapter 1337 - 1337: Full Power

Chapter 1337: Full Power

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On Ceres Star, above the Water Origin Palace.

The confrontation between the experts of the Blue Star led by Erera and Cai Shaochu, Chi Jing of the Spiritual Race, and Günter of the Great Xi Clan was still ongoing.

However, the situation had changed.

Before this, it was the Blue Star who were being cautious, including the three-phase thermal bomb launcher below. They were always holding the attitude of perishing together.

During the previous confrontation, the Blue Star’s worst-case scenario was to sacrifice a portion of their strength and retreat to the Ancient Wood Palace, which was also known as the Wood Origin Palace.

The Wood Origin Palace had been completely refined and controlled by Cai Shaochu.

As long as they retreated into the Wood Origin Palace, Cai Shaochu would be able to mobilize the power of the Wood Origin Palace to defend and counterattack. At that time, even if the Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Clan, and the Muyas joined forces, they would have to pay a huge price to break through the Wood Origin Palace.

However, five minutes ago, Cai Shaochu, who had been confronting Chijing, Günter, and the others, keenly noticed that there was an obvious change in the auras of Chi ling, Günter, and the others.

This was especially so for Chi Jing, who was originally smiling and confident.

In an instant, his aura fluctuated, and his expression suddenly turned ugly.

A few seconds later, Günter’s expression became strange.

Originally, the auras of the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan could be said to be aggressive. They looked like they might attack at any time. However, there was suddenly a subtle adjustment.

The positions of the people did not change, nor did the formation. However, their auras had changed. This was very obvious to Cai Shaochu. Their original offensive attitude suddenly became a little defensive.

This made the sharp Cai Shaochu immediately realize something. “Erera, contact the Water Origin Palace and see what’s going on inside.”

Cai Shaochu felt that something must have happened to the battle in the Water

Origin Palace. Otherwise, there would not be such a change between the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan. However, what kind of changes would happen in the Water Origin Palace?

Cai Shaochu had expected and used all the variables from before. Under normal circumstances, there would no longer be any variables. Otherwise, Cai Shaochu would not have made the decision to sacrifice the quasi-planetary experts in the Water Origin Palace.

“Strange. I asked. Haren and Augusto didn’t answer me.”

Due to the suppression of the special force field inside, communication was not smooth. Only when Erera had special contact details with Haren and Augusto when she was stationed in the Water Origin Palace could they communicate at the last minute.

They had communicated well previously, but there was no contact now. Haren and Augusto should not die in battle. If Haren and Augusto died in battle, it meant that the situation in the Water Origin Palace was over. The Muyas should be the ones to kill their way out.

In that case, the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race should take the initiative to attack them together with the Muyas, not take the initiative to retreat.

Something must have happened in the Water Origin Palace! But why couldn’t she contact Haren and Augusto?

Just as Cai Shaochu was feeling extremely anxious, he suddenly had a thought. The hyphen Origin Crystal ability card that he had refined previously to communicate with Xu Tui in an emergency had suddenly shattered.

As soon as the card shattered, Cai Shaochu, who had sensed it, suddenly revealed a pleasantly surprised expression.

He understood!

Suddenly, Cai Shaochu understood everything. In the next moment, Cai Shaochu looked at Chi Jing and the Great Xi Clan’s Günter opposite him and laughed out loud. “Why don’t the two of you continue? Why don’t we come out and play?”

Chi Jing had an unlucky expression. The moment his gaze shifted, Erera took a step forward, and her aura locked onto Chi Jing. The Spiritual Race’s elder, Chi Jing, became even more depressed. This was a crazy woman!

Originally, he wanted to make a scene before retreating. However, he stopped thinking about it when he saw this crazy woman.

Erera was too crazy when she fought.

As soon as Chi Jing retreated, the heads of the Great Xi Clan were not strong.

The Great Xi Clan did not have many people in the solar system to begin with. They did not dare to fight the Blue Star humans alone.

In an instant, the confrontation that was about to begin above the Water Origin Palace of Ceres instantly dissipated.

Chi Jing let out a cold grunt and carefully retreated in the direction of the Fire Origin Palace. Seeing this, Günter of the Great Xi Clan also chuckled. He waved his hand and retreated in the direction of the Earth Origin Palace with his subordinates.

However, Cai Shaochu did not dare to be careless. While he was commanding the others to return to the Wood Origin Palace to guard it, the hyphen Origin Crystal ability seal card that he had created to contact Xu Tui shattered again in an extremely short interval.

Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu had a special agreement in this aspect. A few pieces shattering at a different time and frequency represented different meanings.

Xu Tui was asking him for help.

At the same time, Cai Shaochu crushed a hyphen and gave Xu Tui a definite answer. Then, he used his consciousness to send a voice transmission to the people from the Huaxia Sector in the shortest time possible.

“Tiefeng, come with me.” Cai Shaochu stopped Pei Tiefeng, another veteran Planetary realm powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector. “Erera, let’s go take a look.”

With a soft cry, Cai Shaochu rushed towards the Water Origin Palace.

In the Water Origin Palace, Xu Tui, who was staring at Ruan Tianzuo and sneering, suddenly had a cold smile on his face. He had already received Cai Shaochu’s response. If there were no accidents, Cai Shaochu would immediately arrive.

Behind Xu Tui, Yin Liu, Diwu Hui, An Xiaoxue, Bu Qingqiu, Yanzi, and the others were in a formation. Their auras were locked onto the mysterious army that had suddenly appeared behind the tunnel.

Xu Tui faced Ruan Tianzuo, who was dragging the Fire Wings over, while he was refining the water eye.

Ruan Tianzuo’s Fire Wings flashed, and the aura around him continued to rise.

Ruan Tianzuo had his own plans. No matter what, he could not kill Xu Tui in public. In that case, Cai Shaochu would go crazy. The consequences would be unpredictable.

However, he desperately wanted to obtain control of the Water Eye. Therefore, he wanted to use his power to scare Xu Tui away. As a result, Ruan Tianzuo’s aura continued to rise as he advanced. Of course, it was not just a scare.

If Xu Tui did not know what was good for him, Ruan Tianzuo would not hesitate to attack. At most, he would spare Xu Tui’s life.

At the side, although Haren and Itavi had not recovered from their serious injuries, they were also moved. They stepped forward slightly and supported Ruan Tianzuo. They had only reached a portion of the Water Eye of the Water Origin Palace and already knew the huge value it contained. They would rather let Ruan Tianzuo obtain the water eye than let Xu Tui obtain it.

Taking another step back, they were willing to see Ruan Tianzuo and Xu Tui argue over this water eye.

That was because that would pull Ruan Tianzuo further away from the Huaxia Sector and weaken the power of the Huaxia Sector. It would be even better if Ruan Tianzuo accidentally killed Xu Tui.

Xu Tui looked at Ruan Tianzuo, who was advancing, and his cold smile suddenly became stern. The aura around him suddenly surged. “Ruan, I respect you as a senior in the Huaxia Sector. I knew that you and I are from the same Huaxia lineage.

“You and I are both from the Blue Star! Therefore, I’ve participated in the battle today and saved you! However, you guys better not be so shameless!” Xu Tui scolded sternly.

Ruan Tianzuo’s face darkened. “Xu Tui, it’s the duty of the Blue Star humans to save and participate in the battle. Don’t make yourself sound so great!

However, you’d better not touch things that you shouldn’t! Otherwise!” “Otherwise what?” Xu Tui sneered.

“Hmph!” Ruan Tianzuo did not comment. He replied with a cold grunt. However, his killing intent swept toward Xu Tui at this moment. “Xu Tui, you’d better not not know what’s good for you. Otherwise!”

“Otherwise what?” Xu Tui suddenly laughed loudly. He suddenly stood up and said, “Don’t think that I don’t dare to kill you, Ruan!”

Ruan Tianzuo sneered and continued forward. The moment he stepped onto the lake in the center of the main hall of the Water Origin Palace, the God Slaying Sword above Xu Tui’s head suddenly disappeared.

Ruan Tianzuo was instinctively shocked. No matter what, this God Slaying Sword could not be underestimated. He could sense that the aura of Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword was a little weak.

However, Ruan Tianzuo still defended with his mind power domain in an instant. The pair of Fire Wings on his back slashed above his head in a mysterious manner.

However, the God Slaying Sword did not slash down. Instead, the water in the center of the main hall of the Water Origin Palace instantly turned into a

monstrous water momentum that swept towards Ruan Tianzuo.

Ruan Tianzuo frowned. Flames shook in all directions, shaking off the water. However, the water instantly became bone-piercingly cold. The monstrous water screen was frozen from the outside towards Ruan Tianzuo, who was at the center.

Ice seal!

Ruan Tianzuo revealed a shocked expression. This ice seal technique was very powerful. Even he, who specialized in fire-type supernatural beings, had to be careful. The pair of fire wings that were protecting his head instantly spun. The cold aura around Ruan Tianzuo immediately turned into countless white steam.

It was also at this moment that the God Slaying Sword that had disappeared previously suddenly appeared above Ruan Tianzuo’s head and slashed into it.

Ruan Tianzuo’s eyes widened. Blood spurted out of his eyes and ears. Even the God Slaying Sword, which had only accumulated 50% of its negative power, instantly injured and shaken Ruan Tianzuo’s mental body.

Time Distortion!

Xu Tui’s feet, which were not in the water, also quickly expanded at this moment. They expanded to their full size.

The abnormality of gods and demons, the Earth Feet!

The moment the Mountain Seal appeared, the Red Heart’s red light surged into the Mountain Formula genetic ability chain. The Mountain Seal that had just condensed turned into a yellow flying sword with a hint of gold.

It slashed towards Ruan Tianzuo with an ear-piercing whistle.

It took a long time, but it was actually extremely short. It was not even an instant.

Ruan Tianzuo, whose mental body had been hit by the God Slaying Sword, instantly recovered. However, the moment he recovered, he saw Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword slashing toward his head.

Ruan Tianzuo let out a sharp cry. He flapped his Fire Wings and instantly moved three feet to the ground.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword instantly pierced through Ruan Tianzuo’s abdomen, leaving a huge hole.

“You’re courting death!” Blood spurted out of Ruan Tianzuo’s chest and abdomen. He shouted angrily. His Fire Wings flashed and he instantly turned into a stream of fire as he pounced toward Xu Tui. The moment he pounced over, the area around the water eye turned into a sea of fire. However, Ruan Tianzuo missed.

Xu Tui had already disappeared. He teleported with the left black eye!

Almost at the same time that Ruan Tianzuo was stunned, the lake water near the water eye instantly turned into a frost puppet that was more than 20 meters tall. Its four tentacle-like arms suddenly hugged Ruan Tianzuo above the water eye. It roared and exerted strength, wanting to tear Ruan Tianzuo apart.

Ruan Tianzuo was terrified. If he was torn apart at close range, his physical body would be finished. The phantom of the firebird appeared behind him. The blazing flames instantly melted the ice puppet that was approaching him.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword once again appeared behind him without any warning.

Quantum Dimensional Chain Energy Teleportation!

Swish!

This time, Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword slashed into Ruan Tianzuo’s chest. The firebird phantom caught up and grabbed Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword.

“Explode!”

Xu Tui’s Mountain Flying Sword suddenly exploded. In an instant, the firebird phantom swayed. A hole the size of a head appeared on Ruan Tianzuo’s back. Ruan Tianzuo let out a shrill scream. He screamed angrily, “Kill, attack together. Kill him!”

“Stop, what are you doing!” Cai Shaochu’s angry roar sounded the moment Haren and Itavi moved. A majestic aura spread out. Haren and Itavi were stunned at the same time with helpless expressions..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1