Chapter 1339 - 1339: Seeing Abnormality Again (1)

Chapter 1339: Seeing Abnormality Again (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment the aura around Bu Qingqiu moved and caused the clouds around her to move, Xu Tui activated his mental perception.

Xu Tui could sense that the aura surging around Bu Qingqiu had an indescribable connection with the world. This connection pointed to the clouds that had gathered out of thin air in the sky. He could not penetrate it with his mental perception, even with his microscopic perception.

Ten seconds ago, Ceres was still clear. As the aura around Bu Qingqiu fluctuated, dark clouds gathered in the sky above Ceres, or rather, above the Water Origin Palace, and instantly turned into thick lead clouds.

Almost instantly, thunder flashed in the sky.

An indescribably vast and majestic aura descended through his mental perception, causing Xu Tui’s heart to tremble.

Heavenly tribulation!

These words instantly flashed through Xu Tui’s mind.

Little Six had previously told him that Bu Qingqiu needed a heavenly tribulation to break through. However, what Little Six said was that Bu Qingqiu had to break through in a small universe to trigger the heavenly tribulation. Therefore, Xu Tui only mentioned this to Bu Qingqiu. He did not say much.

Bu Qingqiu did not believe it either.

Heavenly tribulation! Why didn’t he say that he wanted to become an immortal? But now, the heavenly tribulation had really arrived.

The problem was that Xu Tui really did not know what the heavenly tribulation was like. Before this, he did not have any understanding.

“Little Six, is this a heavenly tribulation?” Xu Tui asked Little Six in the shortest time possible.

“Of course.”

“What are the chances of Miss Bu successfully passing it? Is there any danger to her life?”

“The heavenly tribulation is one of the tests of the ancient cultivators. In the ancient times, 10 to 20% of the cultivators could transcend the heavenly tribulation. As for now, I don’t know! As soon as the Origin Domain spatial seal was released, the reality of the solar system began to gradually appear. The power of the heavenly tribulation should not be as great as before. I’m not too sure about her strength. I think she has a 20 to 30% chance,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was shocked that there was only a 20% to 30% chance.

“Can we help?” Xu Tui asked.

“Have you ever read a Xianxia novel? Do you think that Xianxia novels are all made up? Some of them have a certain source!”

Xu Tui’s face darkened when he heard that. Little Six had been on good terms with Ah Huang recently. The two of them had been communicating all day long, especially with Ah Huang. There was endless information.

“We can’t help her? How can I increase her success rate in transcending the heavenly tribulation?” Xu Tui asked anxiously.

“You can’t help her! As for how to increase her success rate in transcending the heavenly tribulation, external forces can’t interfere, but external objects can,” Little Six said.

External objects?

“Origin Crystal ability seal card?”

“Sure.”

Almost instantly, Xu Tui spun and walked in front of Cai Shaochu. “Principal, give me a few Origin Crystal ability seal cards. Miss Bu needs them.”

Cai Shaochu was studying the heavenly tribulation. When he heard that, he took out five cards without hesitation and stuffed them into Xu Tui’s hands. “I’ve been using them a lot recently and making them less. These are the only five left.”

“Old Pei!” Cai Shaochu took the opportunity to call out to Pei Tiefeng. Pei Tiefeng threw over three Origin Crystal ability seal cards on the spot. They were all defensive type.

It was also at this moment that Bu Qingqiu could not help but soar into the sky. Under the intervention and guidance of the great power of heaven and earth, her body floated below the lead cloud.

Xu Tui wanted to rush over, but he was stopped by an inexplicable power. He was stunned.

“Shoot it directly and throw it!” Little Six shouted.

In the next moment, eight Origin Crystal ability seal cards flew out of Xu Tui’s hand and shot toward Bu Qingqiu with physical power.

“Miss Bu, catch it. Remember to use it later.”

Bu Qingqiu, who was also confused, turned around. She spread out her mind power and accurately caught the Origin Crystal ability seal cards.

Bu Qingqiu, who was inside the Heavenly Tribulation Force Field, could use her mind power. At the same time, the Spiritual Race’s Chi Jing and the Great Xi Clan’s Günter, who had just returned to the Back Fire Origin Palace and the Earth Origin Palace, rushed out again.

Günter was the first to speak. “This is a heavenly tribulation? Why is there still one now?”

“Ancient cultivator?” Chi Jing looked at the scene in front of him and was also stunned. “The heavenly tribulation has actually recovered. Isn’t this progress a little fast?”

Compared to Chi Jing’s understanding, the other Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race were dumbfounded.

This was the first time many people had seen or even heard the words heavenly tribulation. Even Chi Jing’s trusted subordinates, Chi Wuxun and Feng Gu, were at a loss. “Sir, what’s the heavenly tribulation? What’s the ancient cultivators?”

Chi Jing looked at the constantly gathering thunderclouds and felt the terrifying power fluctuations coming from them. “This is also the first time I’ve seen the heavenly tribulation.

However, there were records of the heavenly tribulation in the Sanctuary. “Those who can transcend the tribulation are our enemies!”

“Enemies?!” Feng Gu and Chi Wuxun were stunned. This definition did not seem to be accurate.

The Great Xi Clan was their enemy, and the Muya Clan were also the enemies of the Spiritual Race. The Blue Star humans were also their enemies. But why were those that could transcend the heavenly tribulation their enemy, too?

“Elder…

“Don’t ask. Observe carefully. This is the first time I’ve seen it. I don’t know the details! It’s said that this is a rule set by the Holy Ancestor!” Chi Jing said.

The people from the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race came out to watch the commotion, but they immediately ignited the situation again.

The situation became extremely tense.

Cai Shaochu only glanced at Chi Jing, Günter, and the others who had rushed out before immediately giving a series of orders to prepare for battle.

That included the order to gather Planetary realm and quasi-planetary powerhouses from the Wood Origin Palace to participate in the vigilant battle..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1