Chapter 1334 - 1334: The Mysterious Xu Tui (3)

Chapter 1334: The Mysterious Xu Tui (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There were less than a third more than five layers of star halos.

As Xu Tui’s strength reached the quasi-planetary realm, especially after he condensed the main planet of mind power, Red Heart’s enhancement to Xu Tui was relatively small. It was an increase of about 10 to 20%.

However, it was very impressive compared to Xu Tui’s current total mind power. In the next moment, a Small God Slaying Sword that had injected at least 70% of Xu Tui’s mind power instantly appeared.

However, before it appeared, Xu Tui’s left eye instantly turned into a vortex.

Darak, who was fighting Ruan Tianzuo, suddenly froze. Haren and Augusto, who had been extremely afraid of death, were actually attacking him without regard for anything else.

This puzzled Darak for a moment. In just an instant, Darak’s golden wings flapped, and an invisible force field spread out. Haren and Augusto, who were attacking him, turned into nothingness at the same time.

Heart palpitations appeared again.

Darak was shocked, but this time, there was no power left in the holy token to protect him. Darak’s golden wings instinctively protected his head. However, at the same time, a small golden sword instantly slashed into Darak’s head with a powerful aura.

“Ah!” Darak covered his head and screamed. Blood spurted out of his seven orifices. The golden wings that protected him trembled uncontrollably.

Ruan Tianzuo was not stupid. He seized the opportunity and the firebird instantly blasted towards Darak with a dark red flame. Almost at the same time, the other Muya Planetary realm powerhouses nearby who had the advantage immediately saved Darak.

Some attacked Ruan Tianzuo, while others attacked Xu Tui. Haren, Itavi, and Augusto were stunned when they saw Xu Tui severely injure Darak with one strike. In his previous understanding, Xu Tui only had the God Slaying Sword.

Now, it seems different.

Xu Tui had other abilities. He also had other forces that could kill Planetary realm powerhouses.

He was very mysterious. It was also a little terrifying.

Originally, this was an excellent opportunity to kill Darak.

Unfortunately, Haren, Itavi, and Augusto were not supportive enough. They did not even have the strength to hold back a Planetary realm powerhouse, let alone participate in the battle. With four to five Planetary realm experts from the Muya Clan rescuing Darak, Ruan Tianzuo could not take advantage of the situation to kill Darak.

Ruan Tianzuo looked forward to Xu Tui attacking again. However, Xu Tui used teleportation much more now.

Xu Tui knew his own situation the best. The second Small God Slaying Sword consumed 70% of his mind power. His mind power was about to run out. He could only pretend now. However, he would not stay idle.

The mental hammer that he had condensed previously was still there. At this moment, it was attacking the quasi-planetary of the Muya Clan. With the intervention of Xu Tui’s mental hammer, the casualties of the Muya Clan were very high. In just 30 seconds, more than 10 Muyas were killed.

The strength of the Muyas was greatly reduced.

Under the protection of the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Muya Clan, Darak finally recovered from the Small God Slaying Sword that Xu Tui had used 70% of his mind power on.

However, the divine light in his eyes dissipated. He was clearly severely injured.

“Retreat! Darak endured the intense pain in his mental body and gave the order. As he gave the order, he glared at Xu Tui. What happened today had been interfered with by Xu Tui again. Next time, he would definitely kill Xu Tui.

Although the forces under him could still continue to fight, if they continued to fight, he would not be able to obtain any benefits. The benefits would be taken away by his subordinates.

That was not something he was willing to see. This was especially so for the control of the Water Origin Palace. Even if he obtained it, it could only be in his hands. It was safer.

Darak gave the order to retreat.

Almost at the same time that Darak gave the order to retreat, the Muyas participating in the battle in the main hall of the Water Origin Palace began to retreat like a tide..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1