Chapter 1338 - 1338: Movement

Chapter 1338: Movement

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment Cai Shaochu appeared, he instantly stood between Xu Tui and Ruan Tianzuo. Pei Tiefeng, who was following closely behind, turned into a ball of flowing light. His aura stared at Haren and Itavi, and their expressions changed drastically.

Erera, who had just rushed in, widened her eyes and looked at this scene in confusion.

“Xu Tui, why did you severely injure Ruan Tianzuo? Why are you beating up your own people?” Ruan Tianzuo, what’s wrong with you? Did you fight Xu Tui? You were even beaten up like this?” Erera, whose IQ was not enough, asked with a puzzled expression. Ruan Tianzuo felt as if his old face had been slapped again.

He had been injured so badly by a junior and a quasi-planet.

Ruan Tianzuo remained silent.

Xu Tui pointed at Ruan Tianzuo and said, “Ruan Tianzuo, this is your last warning! If you dare to take advantage of the situation next time, I will definitely kill you on the spot! Don’t think that I don’t dare to kill you! Let me tell you, I only used 50% of my power in that attack just now!” Xu Tui shouted.

Ruan Tianzuo’s face turned ashen. However, Xu Tui’s words of 50% power made his eyelids twitch. If Xu Tui had only used 50% of his power with the God Slaying Sword just now, he might have been able to kill him if he had struck with all his might and used his other abilities.

Ruan Tianzuo was speechless.

After scolding Ruan Tianzuo, Xu Tui let out a cold grunt. He slowly waded toward the water eye in the main hall. He began to refine the water eye again in front of Cai Shaochu, Erera, Ruan Tianzuo, Haren, and the others.

However, only Xu Tui knew how dangerous he had become. His mind power had been depleted. He only had 3% of his mind power left. If Old Cai did not come soon, Xu Tui would have to use the forbidden move of teleporting other lifeforms to fight Ruan Tianzuo to the death.

Xu Tui did not know the consequences of using that forbidden move when his mind power was depleted. He did not know how long it would take for him to wake up.

He almost resisted the dizziness. He supported himself on the water eye and slowly extended his mind power. As he persisted in refining the water eye, he quickly absorbed the power of a Soul Crystal in his palm and quickly recovered his mind power.

Xu Tui only felt a little better after the pure mind power in the Soul Crystal surged into his body. The dizziness disappeared.

The main hall suddenly became silent.

Cai Shaochu’s gaze turned around and finally landed on Ruan Tianzuo, who had a huge hole in his chest and was treating himself urgently. He asked, “Xu Tui, Ruan Tianzuo, I need an explanation for this matter.”

“I came with reinforcements. I saved them. Then, I wanted to refine this water eye, so they wanted to kill me.” Xu Tui smiled and shrugged. There was a hint of coldness in his smile.

Cai Shaochu and Erera looked at Augusto. Augusto smiled bitterly and nodded. Then, Cai Shaochu looked at Ruan Tianzuo coldly. Under Cai Shaochu’s cold gaze, Ruan Tianzuo replied expressionlessly, “It’s a misunderstanding!”

Anger flashed across Cai Shaochu’s face. How could this be explained by these few words? However, it was not appropriate to flare up at this moment.

Ruan Tianzuo was from the Huaxia Sector after all. If he really wanted to deal with him, he could not do it here. Moreover, there were outsiders.

Cai Shaochu’s gaze landed on the mysterious person in the heavy combat uniform who had had ill intentions from the beginning. “This person, please show me your identity.”

At the same time, Erera’s aura also locked onto the mysterious expert in the heavy combat uniform. Killing intent appeared. Although they all looked like they were from the Blue Star, their identities were unknown.

There were also enemies on the Blue Star.

At this moment, the Myth Planetary realm powerhouse, Athena, who had been staying in the corner of the main hall, suddenly stepped forward and smiled.

“Greetings, Lord God.”

Everyone looked at Athena and was instantly stunned.

Xu Tui also narrowed his eyes and looked at Athena.

Lord God? Lord of Myths? The heavy-armored leader was the Lord of Myths, Ullr?

The heavy- armored leader nodded slightly. He slowly lifted his mask,

revealing an exquisite face of mixed Chinese and Western blood. He had royal blue eyes, a slightly yellow beard, and a tall nose.

“Mr. Cai, I’ve admired you for many days. I can finally meet you today!” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, cupped his hands in a more traditional manner to greet Cai Shaochu.

Cai Shaochu looked at the Lord of Myths, Ullr, with a cold gaze. “Ullr, you’ve finally appeared? You didn’t appear during the last battle on Planet Kono. But you appeared in the battle on Ceres Star this time?”

“Athena asked me for help. Coincidentally, the cosmic tunnel appeared, so I quickly came to help. I didn’t expect to be a step too late! Fortunately, Xu Tui was one step ahead and did not let the Muyas take over the Water Origin Palace.” As the Lord of Myths, Ullr, spoke, he cupped his hands at Xu Tui from afar with a smile on his face.

Xu Tui smiled woodenly. He did not care about this superficial kindness. When he first entered the venue, the malice that the Lord of Myths, Ullr, had towards him was very obvious. The kindness at this moment was all an act.

However, Xu Tui could sense that the aura of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, was a little familiar. It was very strange.

“I’ve heard a lot about you!” The solemnity on Cai Shaochu’s face also eased slightly at this moment. The Lord of Myths, Ullr, had always been very mysterious. Even though he had met him many times, he had never seen him in person. At this moment, he had brought people to help and even knew about the cosmic tunnel.

Xu Tui was the one who told Cai Shaochu about the cosmic tunnel. At least in this aspect, The Myth was stronger than the seven sectors of the Blue Star.

An invisible battle had been resolved because of the appearance of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, and his greetings to Haren, Itavi, and Augusto. However, Xu Tui remembered his malice when he first arrived.

Why did the Lord of Myths, Ullr, have ill intentions towards him the moment he arrived? Was it because of the Water Eye of the Water Origin Palace?

Xu Tui was puzzled, but no one disturbed him. He quietly began to refine the water eye. At this moment, be it Ruan Tianzuo, Haren, Itavi, Augusto, or the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, who had ill intentions toward Xu Tui, they were helpless. They could only watch as Xu Tui began to refine the water eye.

Xu Tui refined the water eye very quickly without anyone disturbing him. In less than 15 minutes, he had finished refining the Water Eye of the Water Origin Palace. It was 24%. The water eye was occupied by a total of five forces with different auras. No one could do anything to each other, so they could not directly expel the power of others in the water eye.

The moment he completed the refinement, Xu Tui felt that the suppression of his mind power by the Water Origin Palace had become much lighter. The distance of his mental perception instantly reached about 3,000 meters.

At the same time, he felt that he had some control over the force field in the Water Origin Palace. He could control the force field in the palace to do some simple operations.

It was mainly focused on defense.

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood why Haren and Itavi could use the Water Screen Defense. It should be because they were using the power of the Water Origin Palace to defend.

At this moment, Cai Shaochu, Ullr, Haren, Itavi, Augusto, Erera, and Pei Tiefeng had already gathered and started to exchange information, especially about the cosmic tunnel.

Due to this topic, none of the severely injured, such as Haren and the others, left. Even Ruan Tianzuo, who had a huge hole in his chest, was treating himself and listening. Not long after, the Planetary realm powerhouse of the Russian Federation, Anrevic, also joined the group.

This information was extremely important.

This was especially so for the cosmic tunnel. It was another extremely important way to pass through the solar system.

They had to understand!

This time, the Water Origin Palace had been attacked. It was also because they

This time, the Water Origin Palace had been attacked. It was also because they did not know this that they did not know that the Muyas could come over from the tunnel of the Water Origin Palace.

Otherwise, they would be able to make the Muyas suffer if they set up defenses in advance.

Xu Tui quietly listened to the Lord of Myths explain the matters related to the cosmic tunnel to everyone. The Lord of Myths suddenly looked at Xu Tui.

“Commander Xu Tui might know more than me. He came through the cosmic tunnel a step earlier,” the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said.

Everyone looked at the quiet Xu Tui.

Xu Tui shook his head. “My understanding of cosmic tunnels is similar to Mr. Ullr’s. However, I have something else to share with everyone today. At the same time, I hope that everyone can spread this method widely.” “What method?” Everyone was stunned.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He took a Muya corpse and displayed his refinement technique on the spot. Under everyone’s shocked gazes, the Muya’s corpse turned into pieces of blood crystals, soul crystals, and dust.

Xu Tui broke the blood crystals and soul crystals into the smallest sizes and threw them to everyone present. “These are blood crystals and soul crystals. The energy inside can directly absorb and recover our power. It can even increase our cultivation. However, there are too many negative forces in the Soul Crystal. It needs to be purified!”

As soon as these words were spoken, everyone fought to feel it.

In less than a few minutes, they were all stunned!

The first to react was Haren. “The power is very powerful and can indeed be absorbed. According to the production ratio just now, wouldn’t the Muyas become our cultivation resources in the future? If we can kill a large number of the Muyas, we can quickly create a batch of experts!” As he spoke, Haren said to Xu Tui, “Commander Xu, give me a Muya corpse. I want to try the method of refining the Blood Crystal and Soul Crystal.”

Xu Tui stared at Haren and said, “Kill them yourself. This is mine!”

There was something that Xu Tui did not say. There were so many Planetary realm powerhouses present. If each of them tried one, the dozen or so corpses that Xu Tui had obtained today would all be tested out by them.

Only a fool would provide Haren with a corpse to try.

Haren was speechless. After a while, he said, “We killed some of the Muya corpses you collected just now!”

“Then how does it count if I save you and you threaten me instead?”

Haren was speechless!

More than an hour later, when the exchange was about done, Cai Shaochu said, “Let’s go back to the Wood Origin Palace first. We’ll hold a meeting outside the palace later and study and discuss these questions carefully.”

Under Cai Shaochu’s instructions, Xu Tui brought the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders and left the Water Origin Palace with Cai Shaochu.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, and the others also followed. They said that they wanted to take a look at the Wood Origin Palace. However, the moment they stepped out of the Water Origin Palace, a strange and majestic aura suddenly soared into the sky from Bu Qingqiu’s body.

In an instant, clouds moved in the sky of Ceres..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1