Chapter 1333 - 1333: The Mysterious Xu Tui (2)

Chapter 1333: The Mysterious Xu Tui (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the main hall of the Water Origin Palace, Haren, Itavi, Augusto, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others were overjoyed. The moment they saw the small dark-colored sword, they knew that Xu Tui had arrived.

Reinforcements had arrived!

They no longer wanted to know how Xu Tui had arrived. They only knew that their chance of survival would come if Xu Tui participated in the battle. There was no need to say anything else. Once Xu Tui used the God Slaying Sword, Darak would definitely be severely injured.

However, in the next moment, everyone revealed surprised expressions.

Unexpectedly, Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword did not succeed. The milky white light that spewed out of Darak’s holy token directly offset two-thirds of the power of Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword. The dark-colored God Slaying Sword seemed to melt when it touched the milky-white power of the holy card.

The remaining God Slaying Sword did not affect Darak at all. In the next moment, the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak, turned around angrily. It saw Xu Tui. In an instant, a ferocious gaze appeared.

“It’s you again!” As he roared angrily, Darak flapped his golden wings and charged toward Xu Tui. The moment his golden wings flapped, a long pillar of fire instantly shot toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was the one who ruined the last battle on Planet Kono. It left a deep impression on Darak.

Darak had a lot of hatred when he saw Xu Tui this time. He wanted to kill Xu Tui immediately. He wanted to chew Xu Tui up inch by inch.

Xu Tui’s left eye instantly turned black. He teleported and disappeared!

Darak froze. Haren, Augusto, and the others, who were fighting hard, were also stunned. Xu Tui actually had such a magical ability. Only Itavi was deep in thought. He had suffered a lot from Xu Tui’s ability.

The moment Xu Tui appeared, Darak chased after him again. Ice blue light appeared.

Ice seal!

In an instant, Darak turned into an ice lump. But the ice lump was shattered by Darak.

Xu Tui teleported again to dodge. He frowned slightly. Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and the others exchanged glances.

Xu Tui’s surprise attack on Darak had saved them. Moreover, he had pulled away Darak’s hatred, immediately reducing the pressure on them. In the beginning, they were still looking forward to Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword attacking and severely injuring Darak.

However, they did not expect Darak to have the ability to save his life. He was not injured at all by Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword.

Those old coins began to calculate. In their opinion, the God Slaying Sword was Xu Tui’s most powerful method. If the God Slaying Sword was useless, it was impossible to win.

Xu Tui did not bring many reinforcements. There were two Planetary realms and six quasi-planetary experts. Although it had greatly reduced their pressure and brought them hope, it seemed impossible to defeat the Muya Clan.

Of course, the main reason was that Haren, Itavi, and Augusto had been severely injured because of the internal strife. Later on, they fought the Muya Clan and were injured even more. They were already at the end of their rope.

Therefore, the three old coins instantly reached an agreement. They retreated as they fought while Xu Tui was pulling the hatred of Darak. Moreover, with the addition of Xu Tui’s group of active forces, their retreat would be easier. They would be able to withdraw more forces.

Almost at the same time that the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders attacked with all their might, the participants from the other sectors retreated towards the entrance of the main hall of the Water Origin Palace under the command of the three old coins.

At first, everyone did not sense it. However, gradually, the pressure on the pioneer raiders who had just participated in the battle increased greatly.

Even Xu Tui was attacked by Darak and another Planetary realm at the same time. The situation instantly became difficult. Xu Tui also reacted and roared, “What are you doing?”

Augusto was speechless and a little ashamed. They were not shameless! Instead, it was because they could no longer persist in their state.

“Get ready. Let’s retreat together!” Augusto sent a voice transmission to Xu Tui. Haren and Itavi did not say anything. Ruan Tianzuo glanced at Xu Tui and also began to retreat towards the entrance of the main hall.

Seeing this scene, Darak became anxious. He could not let these people escape. If these people escaped, he would not be able to completely refine and control the Water Origin Palace, let alone break through.

Darak’s figure flashed, and he wanted to block the main hall of the Water Origin Palace again. Haren and the others were shocked. They were all counting on Xu Tui to stop them. Even Xu Tui let out a cold laugh when he saw this. He instantly teleported away.

Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and the others, who had just retreated to the entrance of the main hall while fighting, were helpless. All of them glared at Xu Tui and roared, “Old Ruan!”

Ruan Tianzuo actually did not want to interfere. He was in his best state, but he had no choice. Only he could withstand Dakra. The state of those three people was too poor. If he was unlucky, he might be killed by Dragon in one move and die on the spot.O

Fire Wings instantly exploded. Ruan Tianzuo once again faced Darak. During this gap, Darak even took the opportunity to pull out his wing, causing one of Itavi’s legs to disappear.

Darak picked up the broken leg during the battle and sent it into his mouth. With a crack, Darak’s aura actually increased a little.

Itavi’s old face instantly darkened in pain. It was extremely ugly!

It was also at this moment that the Red Heart in Xu Tui’s mind shone brightly. The red light was directly injected into the 72-point mind power main planet, causing his mind power main planet to expand slightly..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1