Chapter 1335 - 1335: Come, Come Boldly

Chapter 1335: Come, Come Boldly

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Everyone knew how to beat up a person who was down on their luck.

Xu Tui subconsciously wanted to give chase when the Muyas suddenly retreated because of Darak’s serious injuries. During the retreat, it was possible to kill one or two more Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts.

The Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses of the Muya Clan had become blood crystals and soul crystals in Xu Tui’s eyes.

And Xu Tui could quickly purify the negative power in the blood crystals and soul crystals. From this point of view, with enough soul crystals and blood crystals, Xu Tui could raise the cultivation of a Transmutation Realm or quasi-planetary realm to the critical point of breaking through in a short period of time.

However, it was hard to say if he could break through immediately.

Therefore, in Xu Tui’s opinion, the Muyas had become a mobile cultivation resource bank. However, just as Xu Tui was about to give chase, Little Six’s voice suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Xu Tui, quickly refine and control the water eye.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He immediately reacted. Previously, he had only vaguely heard Haren and Augusto mention Water Eye once or twice during the combat. Now that Little Six had reminded him, he immediately reacted.

Water Eye.

The Water Eye that controlled the Water Origin Palace.

The left black eye moved. Xu Tui, who was about to chase after the retreating forces, disappeared from the entrance of the main hall and appeared beside the water eye in the center of the lake.

“Little Six, how do I refine it?” Xu Tui’s mind power had already explored the area as he asked the question. There was a high chance that he had to use his mind power to refine it.

“Use your mind power. You’ll understand after your mind power enters. Use your fastest speed to mark your mind power mark in the empty water eye,” Little Six said.

Just as Little Six had said, Xu Tui noticed something different in the water eye the moment he entered with his mind power. The interior of the water eye seemed to be a dye tank. More than 70% of the interior was occupied by different auras.

There were a total of four different auras. Xu Tui recognized all four different auras because he had either worked with them or fought them. The elegant wind aura was Haren’s. The violent and deep fire aura was Itavi’s. The powerful and solemn earth-element aura was Augusto’s.

The share of the water eye that these three people occupied was about 25%. Haren had a little more, but it might be an additional 0.1%. The least was about

0.1%. There were no advantages or disadvantages.

The fourth aura belonged to the Muya, Darak. He had only refined and controlled about 10% of the water eye’s power.

There was less than 25% of the remaining power in the water eye. Xu Tui’s mind power began to refine the power of the Water Eye. At the same time, he immediately sensed something different. Strands of pure and mysterious water-type power surged into his body as he refined them.

Xu Tui still wanted to absorb and refine it, but the light of the ice power in the Red Heart suddenly flashed. It was like a magnet that instantly emitted an attractive force.

The power of the water source that he had refined into his body was directly fused into the ice power of the water source in Red Heart. The ice power of the water source began to grow to a small extent.

This surprised Xu Tui.

The power of the water source ice was still very strong. He could even freeze the Planetary realm powerhouse, Darak, for a moment. Although it was not injured, there was a possibility of trapping it.

Now, it has strengthened again. If the power of the water source ice became stronger after Xu Tui comprehended it, he might be able to use the power of the ice seal to temporarily trap Darak.

He did not need to be trapped for long. He only needed an instant.

Xu Tui quickly refined the power of the water eye in the Water Palace.

0.1.

0.2!

However, the Muya retreated extremely quickly.

Due to Xu Tui’s instructions, the members of the pioneer raiders did not chase after them.

Without the cooperation of others, if the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders chased after them and were counterattacked by the Muya Clan, there was a possibility that they would be wiped out.

The members of the pioneer raiders did not chase after them, but they did not stay idle. They had already begun to collect the corpses of the Muya Clan. The corpses of the Muyas were now an important resource. All the members of the pioneer raiders knew this.

This should be an important reason why Little Six said that he wanted to promote the method of refining the Muyas into Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals. Once the Muyas became cultivation resources, the crazy Blue Star humans would bring them fear!

The Muyas retreated extremely quickly. As a result, Xu Tui felt four abnormal gazes when he refined the power of the Water Eye to 0.3.

Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and Ruan Tianzuo stared at Xu Tui, who was pressing his hand on the water eye. Their gazes became deep and solemn. They naturally knew what Xu Tui was doing. Or rather, all the survivors present, who still had some strength left, looked at Xu Tui.

However, most of the quasi-planets of the Blue Star were sitting on the ground, looking like they had survived a disaster. No one noticed that the Myth Planetary realm powerhouse, Athena, who was panting and resting at the side, had silently broken a talisman. The talisman shattered and turned into nothingness. No fluctuations spread out.

Xu Tui immediately realized the problem when he sensed the gazes of Haren and the others. If he hoped that Haren, Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and the others would have a bottom line, he might as well hope that pigs could climb trees.

“Yin Liu, Diwu Hui, Wen Shao, contract your formation and defend me.

Xiaoxue, distribute the three-phase thermal bombs. Defensive position,” Xu Tui ordered decisively.

Almost instantly, the seven members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders gathered beside Xu Tui. All of them spread out the force fields around their bodies. They looked like they would fight at any moment.

The members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders were in a very good state.

Seeing this scene, Haren, Itavi, and Ruan Tianzuo narrowed their eyes.

An Xiaoxue took out three three-phase thermal bombs as if she was performing magic. She used her mind power to control them to fly up and blast them out at any time.

“Everyone, be careful. If the Muyas attack again, counterattack at all costs,” An Xiaoxue said.

Everyone understood when they heard that. An Xiaoxue was talking about the

Muyas. In reality, she was talking about Haren and the others. Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and Ruan Tianzuo exchanged glances. They even communicated in private.

In the next moment, Ruan Tianzuo suddenly walked out and walked straight towards An Xiaoxue and the others.

“Xu Tui, you’d better leave that place first,” Ruan Tianzuo said.

“Why?”

“Because this water eye belongs to us. We are very grateful that you came to our rescue. However, you can’t occupy this thing! Otherwise…” Haren was the one who replied. He was implying that he had not had enough, but the threat was very clear.

Xu Tui, who was in the middle of refining the water eye, finally understood why Haren was threatening him. The reason was very simple. During the process of refining the water eye, the power of the water source in the water eye would be absorbed into the body.

This power should be inherent. If anyone else wanted to completely refine the water eye to control the water eye, they would have to completely refine the power in the water eye.

However, this power had already entered other bodies because of the refinement.

What should they do then?

There were only two ways.

One was for the controller to take the initiative to send it out, just like the conversation between Haren, Itavi, and Augusto just now. They all wanted the other party to give up, but no one was willing to come out themselves.

The second method was the death of the controller. If the controller died, the power of the Water Eye that he controlled would dissipate and return.

That was Haren’s threat.

At this moment, Ruan Tianzuo stood out to take the lead. One reason was that Ruan Tianzuo still had some strength left and had relatively strong combat strength. The other reason was that Ruan Tianzuo also wanted to control a portion of the power of it.

Although he could not control all of them, it was good to control a portion of them.

Look at Haren, Itavi, and Augusto, who had refined and controlled a portion of the power of the water eye. They would rather die in battle than give up the power of the water eye.

Ruan Tianzuo would be a fool if he did not know the value of this thing. He wanted to chase Xu Tui away. He would then refine and control the remaining power of the water eye. Even if he could no longer obtain everything, it was good to refine and control a portion.

This was what Ruan Tianzuo thought. As he spoke, the aura around Ruan Tianzuo had already risen. Fire wings appeared.

“Let me give you a suggestion. It’s best not to move. Get Xu Tui to leave too.

Don’t take anything that doesn’t belong to him. Although you have two Planetary realm experts, you two Planetary realm experts are really not enough in front of me! As for the others, they shouldn’t have a death wish in front of me.” Ruan Tianzuo had a murderous aura.

“Xu Tui, walk away. That thing doesn’t belong to you,” Ruan Tianzuo shouted.

Xu Tui frowned slightly. What Ruan Tianzuo said was the truth. This guy was very powerful. Old Ruan was an expert who could fight Cai Shaochu. Moreover, he should be an existence who had activated the abnormality.

If he really flipped out, Xu Tui’s two Planetary realms and the other quasi-planets might not be able to stop him. However, it was impossible for Xu Tui to give up like this.

Xu Tui was about to explode from anger if he really gave up. He had risked his life to save a group of people. He did not expect to be threatened the moment he saved them. One could imagine Xu Tui’s anger.

Ruan Tianzuo, Haren, and Itavi were really despicable.

However, Xu Tui did have a trump card. In the next moment, Xu Tui suddenly narrowed his eyes and looked at Ruan Tianzuo. He smiled and said, “Ruan Tianzuo, try taking another step forward.”

Ruan Tianzuo stopped in his tracks. He looked at Xu Tui with confusion and hesitation. Xu Tui had already used up his God Slaying Sword in the battle just now. There should be no more trump cards left to threaten him.

There shouldn’t be any left, right?

“He shouldn’t have any more trump cards. He’s scaring you.” This was Haren’s mental voice transmission to Ruan Tianzuo.

Ruan Tianzuo immediately made a decision after receiving many affirmations. He narrowed his eyes and was about to step forward. However, at this moment, Ruan Tianzuo’s pupils suddenly constricted. He was about to take a step forward when he suddenly stopped.

On the other side, another dark-colored small sword that emitted an aura that made his heart skip a beat rose above Xu Tui’s head.

God Slaying Sword!

Xu Tui raised his chin and looked at Ruan Tianzuo provocatively. “Old Ruan, come, come boldly!”

Ruan Tianzuo’s expression instantly froze. His old face under the light of the Fire Wings turned dark.

God Slaying Sword!

He did not know why Xu Tui had another God Slaying Sword. However, he was really afraid of the aura of the God Slaying Sword.

Would he dare to step forward?

“Old Ruan, step forward boldly. Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword has already been used in the previous battle. This sword must be fake. He must be bluffing you. You can just launch an attack.” Itavi’s encouraging voice made Ruan Tianzuo let out a cold grunt.

“Itavi, if you’re sure that it’s fake, you can charge first. I’ll follow closely behind. After that, I’ll give you half of the remaining share,” Ruan Tianzuo said angrily.

In an instant, Itavi fell silent.

Ruan Tianzuo also froze on the spot. He did not dare!

Xu Tui seized the time to refine the power in the water eye. At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from the tunnel that led to the cosmic node in the Water Origin Palace that had been quiet for less than a few minutes. Everyone’s expressions instantly became extremely nervous..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1