Chapter 1344 - 1344 Active Hunting (1)

Chapter 1344  Active Hunting (1)

Cai Shaochu held a meeting in the main hall of the Wood Origin Palace. In the center of the main hall, an ancient tree that towered into the sky was exceptionally eye-catching.

When Xu Tui extended his mind power over, he realized that the ancient tree was connected to Cai Shaochu's aura. The participants were basically representative Planetary realm powerhouses from the various sectors of the Blue Star.

The Blue Star's seven sectors and one organization had participated.

The severely injured Haren and Itavi also came. When Xu Tui arrived, Cai Shaochu waved his hand. A dark green screen rose from all directions and enveloped everyone. In an instant, they were completely isolated from the outside world.

This move made Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and the others extremely envious. This meant that Cai Shaochu had completely refined the Wood Origin Palace.

Cai Shaochu was in the main palace of the Wood Origin Palace when Xu Tui unlocked the dimensional seal. It was already a little late when Anlevich from the Russian Federation rushed over.

On the contrary, Haren, Itavi, and Augusto arrived at the main hall of the Water Origin Palace almost immediately after the mutation.

With their experience, they naturally noticed the difference in the Water Eye. In order to fight for the refinement, the three of them had almost beaten their brains out. They even came up with various schemes to fight for the control of the Water Eye.

In the end, they expended most of their strength and were severely injured. Then, the Muya Darak brought his men over. Even at this moment, neither Haren, Itavi, nor Augusto felt that there was a problem with their previous actions.

They were just unlucky. If one of them could refine the power of the Water Eye first, one of them might have broken through to the Six Satellites Planetary realm just now.

In fact, Haren and Itavi even glanced at Xu Tui.

This meeting was actually a briefing.

Cai Shaochu, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, and Xu Tui took out all the information they knew about the cosmic tunnel nodes, including the small universe, and discussed it with everyone.

During this time, Xu Tui specially mentioned the problem of promoting the method of refining the corpses of the Muyas into blood crystals and soul crystals. Of course, Xu Tui also solemnly mentioned the problem of the negative power in the Soul Crystal.

Cai Shaochu was especially certain of this.

In Cai Shaochu's words, this was an open conspiracy!

When the fact that the Muyas were cultivation resources was gradually promoted, it would form a general trend. Once this momentum was formed, it would be unstoppable.

The meeting ended after half an hour.

Next, the participants would transmit the contents of the meeting to their families through their respective channels in the shortest time possible. Then, they would search for cosmic tunnel nodes that might appear on the various planets under their command, or abnormalities that indicate the appearance of small universes.

However, just as the meeting was about to end, Xu Tui suddenly spoke. "Everyone, I have an idea. I wonder if you are interested?"

Xu Tui's words made the leaders who were about to leave turn around and look at him. Although Xu Tui was very inexperienced in terms of status and qualifications, they could no longer ignore his recent strength, including the strength he had displayed today.

Which also included his understanding of the cosmic tunnel. Unknowingly, these veteran Planetary realm powerhouses had already placed Xu Tui on the same level as them.

"What idea? Tell me about it." Augusto was the first to speak.

"Everyone, do you think that we were too passive after we captured Planet Kono and Ceres, especially after the Muya appeared? We were constantly attacked by the Muyas. First, it was Planet Kono, then Ceres!" At this point, Xu Tui looked at Haren. "In fact, we have to include the Karsnai asteroid."

As soon as he said that, Haren's expression changed. "Commander Xu, what does this mean? How do you know about the Karsnai asteroid?"

The Karsnai asteroid was considered a top secret within the American Sector.

It was one of the few asteroids with a better natural environment that the American Sector had discovered in the solar system. It was a colonial asteroid that they had to focus on developing in the future.

Not to mention the outside, not many people knew about it internally. However, thousands of people had secretly immigrated. If it was attacked by the Muyas, then…

The cultivation efficiency of the Karsnai asteroid was not low.

"I'll… make an emergency contact." Haren left in a hurry.

At this stage, those who could be migrated from the Blue Star to the Karsnai asteroid were all elites.

The cultivation efficiency of the Karsnai asteroid was not low.

"I'll… make an emergency contact." Haren left in a hurry.

Everyone looked at Xu Tui, but he was not in a hurry to say anything. Instead, he said, "There's no hurry. Wd could wait a moment for Mr. Haren."

Five minutes later, Haren quickly turned around. The color on his old face, which had been pale from his injuries, had completely disappeared. "The 5,107 immigrants of the Karsnai asteroid, one Planetary realm, and five quasi-planetary realms were all killed except for one Transmutation Realm. No one was left alive! There are not many complete corpses."

Even though Haren was an old coin, his voice still trembled when he said this.

Maiponeo of Planet Kono had already received an urgent report from the only survivor of Karsnai. However, he had not informed Haren before because Ceres had asked for reinforcements from Planet Kono. There was a huge battle on Ceres.

However, when Haren went to ask, he gave him all the information, including the tragic state of the asteroid.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1