Chapter 1349 - 1349: An Unspoken Mutual Understanding

Chapter 1349: An Unspoken Mutual Understanding

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment the earth-element light screen that sealed the tunnel shattered, the lightning formed by the Lord of Myths, Ullr, instantly blasted onto the body of the Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan like a lightning spear.

Lightning poured down, and the life fluctuations of the Three Satellites Planetary realm expert from the Great Xi Clan disappeared.

A large ball of earth-yellow earth power instantly flew out of the Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse’s body and landed on the small mountain in the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace.

Xu Tui, who had just surrounded another Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan with Yin Liu and Diwu Hui, was shocked when he saw this scene.

He instantly killed a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

The strength of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, was extraordinary.

Ordinary Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses did not have the strength to instantly kill Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, was very strong. However, in the next moment, Xu Tui and Ullr swept their gazes toward the ball of earth power that had escaped back to the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace.

A second later, Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, pounced toward the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace at the same time.

One turned into lightning, and the other flew on a sword.

They all had the same goal. It was a small mountain in the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace that could control and refine the Origin Power of the Earth Origin Palace.

As for the remaining Planetary realm and four quasi-planets of the Great Xi Clan, they did not need to do anything. That Planetary realm cultivator had already been bombarded by Xu Tui’s mental hammer and created an opportunity for others.

Other than Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, the two families also had three Planetary realm experts and nine quasi-planetary experts. They had an absolute advantage.

The Lord of The Myths, Ullr, turned into lightning and was much faster than Xu Tui.

He immediately pounced in front of the small mountain of the main hall. He had just placed his hand on the small mountain when his heart suddenly throbbed. Xu Tui, who was flying over on his sword, had already a dark-colored God Slaying Sword appear above his head.

The aura of the God Slaying Sword was unstable, but it vaguely locked onto the Lord of Myths, Ullr.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, was not afraid either. The three lightning spears that were wrapped in lightning behind him floated. He also looked at Xu Tui with a smile.

Xu Tui slowly approached. The God Slaying Sword and the Mountain Sword also appeared. His aura locked onto the Lord of The Myths, Ullr. He also had a smile on his face.

Xu Tui sighed in his heart. He felt that he was like a slaughtered teenager who had become an evil dragon.

Before this, he was extremely disgusted with the internal strife on the Blue Star. For example, Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and the others had fought tooth and nail for the origin power of the Water Origin Palace, allowing the Muyas to take advantage of the situation.

Xu Tui was extremely disgusted by such a thing. But now, he has done such a thing.

The origin power of the Earth Origin Palace had been completely refined by the

Great Xi Clan. However, for some reason, it was left with a Three Satellites Planetary realm expert from the Great Xi Clan.

Of course, it might also be for defense. However, no matter what, the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace had become an ownerless item. Whoever refined it and snatched it would own it. He would be able to control the Earth Origin Palace.

How could Xu Tui hand over such benefits to the Lord of The Myths, Ullr?

That was definitely impossible!

This resulted in the current confrontation.

However, compared to Haren, Itavi, and the others, Xu Tui and the Lord of Myths, Ullr, were more rational. Or rather, the two of them had their own strengths. Even though Xu Tui was only a quasi-planet, he still had the power to threaten the Lord of The Myths, Ullr.

“Together?” In an instant, the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, looked at Xu Tui and suggested.

“Half each?” Xu Tui agreed to the suggestion of the Lord of The Myths, Ullr. Then, he directly proposed a distribution plan.

The Lord of Myths glanced behind him. The other people from the two families had already ended the battle and killed the other Planetary realm and four quasi-planetary experts from the Great Xi Clan.

The participants of the two families were extremely well-trained in battle. At this moment, while they were searching the battlefield, they had already begun to guard against each other.

In terms of strength, Ullr realized that although he had a Planetary realm powerhouse on his side, he might not be able to defeat the pioneer raiders.

“Half each! Starting now?” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, happily agreed.

“We’ll start now.”

There were some things that were an unspoken mutual understanding.

In the next moment, Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, placed their hands on the small mountain in the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace at the same time.

Why did they say that it was an unspoken mutual understanding?

This was because this was considered a collective action of the Blue Star. The origin power of the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace could be considered a spoils of war. If they split it after the battle, not only would they not be able to split it, but there would even be problems. Even if they got a portion, they would have to pay a huge price.

However, if the two of them had split it earlier, no one would have said anything. If they did not accept it early during wartime, would they wait to fight with the enemy?

The two of them took the benefits first.

However, the moment the two of them placed their hands on each other, they understood the situation of the Earth Origin Energy.

Only 40%.

The other 60% was occupied by another aura.

Basically, Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, had come up with the relevant details.

The power of the Earth Origin Palace should have been occupied by the

Executive of the Great Xi Clan, Günter. However, in order to guard the Earth Origin Palace, he gave a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse a 40% share. It could allow him to fully mobilize the power in the Earth Origin Palace for defense.

It was a pity.

There was only 40% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power. The two of them would split it equally. Each of them could only get 20%. He did not have much control over the Earth Origin Palace when he controlled 20% of the origin power. He could not mobilize much power from the Earth Origin Palace.

However, there was nothing he could do at this moment. If you wanted Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, to fight to the death, kill the other, and swallow the origin power of the 40% Earth Origin Palace, the two of them would not do that.

That would only benefit the enemy.

An equal share, 20% for each person, was the best plan. The two of them gave the others the order to defend at the same time. Then, they began to refine the origin power in the Earth Origin Palace with all their might.

However, after he first refined it, the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, looked at Xu Tui in surprise.

Xu Tui’s speed of refining the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace was only slightly slower than his. He was just a step slower! The moment he discovered this, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, felt as if he had seen a ghost.

How was that possible!

The speed at which one refined the origin power of the four Origin Palaces was mainly related to mind power. The stronger the mind power, the faster the refinement speed.

Xu Tui’s refinement speed was only slightly slower than his. This meant that Xu Tui’s mind power was similar to his.

Xu Tui was only a quasi-planetary powerhouse, and he was not only a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, but also…

How was that possible?

Amidst his shock, Xu Tui and the Lord of Myths tried their best to refine the power of the Earth Origin in the Earth Origin Palace.

However, what the Lord of Myths, Ullr, did not know was that the moment the earth origin power in the Earth Origin Palace entered Xu Tui’s body, it immediately triggered a mutation. The moment it entered Xu Tui’s body, the Earth Origin Power directly triggered the abnormality, the Earth’s Feet.

His feet itched and began to expand rhythmically, but it did not flare up. In Xu Tui’s senses, the power of the Earth’s Feet began to spread from his ankles to his calves. The power of the Earth’s Feet was constantly growing.

This feeling was very obvious. Before this, Xu Tui’s Earth Feet was only limited to his feet. But now, it had already spread to his calf.

This should be because the Earth’s Feet was growing.

It could be foreseen that after today, Xu Tui’s Earth’s Feet would increase his earth-element supernatural being abilities even more.

However, he suddenly felt a little worried. If he could refine and obtain more Origin Power from the Earth Origin Palace in the future, would the Earth’s Feet spread throughout his body? Once he used it, he would become a giant!

Suddenly, a word appeared in Xu Tui’s mind—Law Phenomenon!

Was this the origin of the divine power that could expand and shrink at will in myths and legends in the past?

At the same time, the battle in the Water Origin Palace also reached its climax. In the Water Origin Palace, Günter and Chi Jing led their forces to kill their way into Water Origin Palace. As the origin power in the Water Origin Palace was extremely scattered, not to mention that someone could control more than 50% of it, there was not even more than 30%.

Therefore, Günter and Chi Jing charged into the Water Origin Palace without any resistance. After all, no one could activate the defense of the Water Origin

Palace.

Although Erera was guarding with her men, the battle was instantly one-sided. The alliance of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race was too powerful.

This made Günter and Chi Jing extremely excited. This time, not only could they severely injure the Blue Star humans, but they could also seize the Water Origin Palace.

However, after being excited for only ten seconds, Günter and Chi Jing felt as if they had been splashed with a basin of cold water when they saw Cai Shao suddenly bring people back.

The originally one-sided battle instantly became even.

The Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan still had a portion of the advantage.

Although it was not much, it was still an advantage. The main reason was that Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and Ruan Tianzuo had yet to recover from their serious injuries. Their combat strength was limited.

Therefore, although Chi Jing was very depressed about Cai Shaochu’s prediction, he still decided to continue fighting.

A small advantage was also an advantage. If he grasped this advantage and continued to expand, he would be able to create a huge advantage. However, just 30 seconds later, Chi Jing’s heart suddenly skipped a beat. He thought of another problem.

Where did Xu Tui go? Where did the Lord of Myths, Ullr, go?

At the same time, the expression of the Great Xi Clan’s Executive Officer, Günter, suddenly changed drastically. “Oh no, the warning force field I set up has been broken. Someone has launched a surprise attack on the Earth Origin

Chi Jing’s expression also changed. “Then you should have left some forces behind, right?”

“Yes! It won’t be a problem to block a Five Satellites Planetary realm expert or even three to five Planetary realm experts.” Günter thought of his preparations and was not that nervous.

“Then let’s fight! While the top powerhouses of the Blue Star are seriously injured, we’ll expand the results and weaken their strength,” Chi Jing said.

Günter, the Executive Officer of the Great Xi Clan, nodded. However, in the next moment, Günter’s expression changed drastically. “Not good, there’s an abnormal fluctuation in the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace! A portion of the origin power has lost contact with me. The Earth Origin Palace might..

Chi Jing was shocked. Just as he was about to say something, the Executive of the Great Xi Clan, Günter, shouted, “Retreat! Rescue Earth Origin Palace!”

Günter did not give Chi Jing a chance to discuss at all. With an order, he immediately led the experts of the Great Xi Clan and retreated from the Water Origin Palace.

At this moment, Günter would be a fool if he continued to discuss it with Chi Jing. It’s not his family so he did not feel the pinch. If the Earth Origin Palace was lost, the Spiritual Race would not help them take down an Origin Palace.

Therefore, Günter retreated with his men. His home was more important. This way, only Chi Jing of the Spiritual Race and the forces under him were left in the Water Origin Palace.

In just a breath, Chi Jing made a decision.

Retreat!

He had to retreat too! If he did not retreat, the situation would evolve into the main force of the Blue Star surrounding and annihilating the Spiritual Race. Once they were surrounded, they would not be able to retreat even if they wanted to.

They would definitely suffer heavy losses!

In less than 30 seconds, the forces of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race quickly retreated from the Water Origin Palace.

He left as quickly as he came. However, he would definitely lose his composure when he advanced and retreated. In less than a minute, the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race had left behind six corpses. One Planetary realm expert from each side had died in battle.

“Chase after them!” Cai Shaochu also gave the order to pursue. He led his elites and chased after them..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1