Chapter 1342 - 1342: Reason For The Appearance Of The Heavenly Tribulation (1)

Chapter 1342: Reason for the Appearance of the Heavenly Tribulation (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Cai Shaochu was a little surprised.

The process of breaking through was smoother than he had imagined. He had originally thought that he would be sniped by the enemy after he had completely perfected his ‘suppress’ word and achieved a breakthrough.

After reaching the Planetary realm, one’s strength would increase greatly with every realm.

Cai Shaochu’s breakthrough this time would affect the balance of power between the few major factions to a certain extent. There were very few top Planetary realm powerhouses no matter which race they were.

The higher they went, the fewer there were.

Other than that, this breakthrough was also extremely important to Cai Shaochu. However, Cai Shaochu had thought of this himself. Others might not have thought of it. This was also the reason why Cai Shaochu was extremely nervous before he broke through.

This was because he knew that his combat strength would increase drastically after he broke through this time.

Cai Shaochu was a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. One of the satellites was a mind power satellite. Under such circumstances, Cai Shaochu only had five methods that he could use.

They were the escape word, the illusion word, the seal word and the control word.

The word ‘escape’ was life-saving. The word ‘seal’ and ‘fix’ were all control-type. The word ‘illusion’ and ‘control’ had a certain level of offensive ability, so they were more inclined to support.

Under such a position, Cai Shaochu’s combat strength was a little awkward. He was very strong, and his opponents felt very uncomfortable. Back then, Lei Tian also felt very uncomfortable when he faced Cai Shaochu, but he was not afraid. This was because it was at most a restriction, Cai Shaochu did not have the ability to severely injure him.

Under normal circumstances, Cai Shaochu would mostly cooperate with Li

Qingping. However, Li Qingping could not keep up with Cai Shaochu’s rhythm.

In the past, the person Cai Shaochu cooperated with the most was Shang Long.

Therefore, during the last Planet Kono battle, Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui’s cooperation was very good.

This time, Cai Shaochu watched Bu Qingqiu transcend the heavenly tribulation. The Suppression Formula that had troubled him for a long time was completely perfected. He had already accumulated enough power. What he lacked was concept and comprehension.

The word ‘suppress’ was used to suppress, kill, and attack.

It would be Cai Shaochu’s strongest attack. From today onwards, Cai Shaochu was no longer a powerful support, but he had formed his own system.

Of course, only Cai Shaochu knew about this change. In the future, the enemy would use their blood to understand this.

Cai Shaochu looked around and understood why Chi Jing and Günter did not attack. Other than the confrontational forces, Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword was there.

To be honest, even Cai Shaochu was a little afraid of the aura of the God Slaying Sword. However, the scariest thing about the God Slaying Sword was not its power. It was the way Xu Tui used it to attack.

The quantum energy teleportation allowed Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword to instantly appear within the range of his mind power. It came and went without a trace. If Xu Tui was fighting a powerful enemy and the God Slaying Sword was at his side, he would also be greatly affected.

Seeing this, Cai Shaochu sighed inwardly.

Xu Tui was the target of everyone on the Blue Star because of his special position and strength. Now that he had directly exposed the God Slaying Sword in front of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race, he would probably become the target of the enemy.

However, if Xu Tui’s strength could continue to grow at the current speed, it would not be a threat soon.

However, the breakthrough to the Planetary realm…

After throwing these thoughts to the back of his mind, Cai Shaochu suddenly looked at Chi Jing and Günter with a burning gaze.

He had just broken through and completed the Suppression Formula. He had finally mastered his own combat strength system after enduring for so many years. Cai Shaochu was actually a little eager to try.

He wanted to fight!

However, both Chi Jing and Günter did not look back after they saw Cai Shaochu successfully break through. There was no need to waste their strength on Cai Shaochu. They had to preserve their direct forces if they could.

This was because their reinforcements were about to arrive. The strength of their direct forces was related to their status after the reinforcements arrived. If they controlled enough manpower, they would still be the leader when the reinforcements arrived. Their status would not be bad.

However, if they lost too much of their forces, they would become the vanguard when the reinforcements arrived. They might even be blamed. As for now, stepping back onto Ceres and activating the cosmic tunnel was already a great contribution, although they were not the ones who opened the cosmic tunnel.

Cai Shaochu would not take the initiative to provoke the enemy if they retreated. He should hide the strength he had just obtained and surprise the enemy one day.

“Inform the people in charge of the various sectors to come to the Wood Origin Palace for a meeting,” Cai Shaochu ordered.

This order was very meaningful. At this moment, Cai Shaochu was like a man with a wallet. He was extremely confident. This was brought about by breaking through to the sixth satellite and forming a system of combat strength.

If anyone was really disobedient, he did not mind killing one or two to establish his might. It was time to sort out the chaos on the Blue Star. Did they really think that Cai Shaochu was indifferent to the disgusting things that had happened previously?

He just couldn’t do anything about it.

He could defeat them, but it did not hurt. It was useless! Including Ruan Tianzuo, Cai Shaochu did not flare up..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1