Chapter 1341 - 1341 Suppress

Chapter 1341 - 1341  Suppress

It was obvious.

Old Cai was also about to break through!

Cai Shaochu was a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. The five satellites and the main planet vaguely appeared behind his head. Another new planet was becoming more solid.

The reason why Old Cai was suppressing his breakthrough aura with all his might was because he was afraid that his breakthrough would affect Bu Qingqiu's breakthrough.

Old Cai's mental voice transmission sounded in Xu Tui's mind.

"Xu Tui, I saw Bu Qingqiu break through and came to a realization. Coupled with the fact that I obtained some benefits from refining the ancient wood of the Wood Origin Palace, I'm about to break through to the sixth satellite.

"However, Bu Qingqiu had broken through a major realm. After she completed her initial breakthrough, throw her to the Water Origin Palace to complete her breakthrough. If, and I say if, Chi Jing attacks, help me delay for ten minutes."

In an instant, Cai Shaochu explained the situation clearly. Just as Xu Tui had predicted, Old Cai was about to break through. But it was normal for Old Cai to break through. He had been stuck at the Five Satellites Planetary realm for several years.

However, Old Cai revealed another important piece of information. He had obtained benefits from refining the Wood Origin Palace, which was why he had brought forward his breakthrough. This could explain why Haren, Itavi, and Ruan Tianzuo were so shameless as to surround and annihilate Xu Tui. It must be related to the benefits of refining the Water Origin Palace.

Xu Tui did not know about the benefits of completely refining the Water Origin Palace, but he could already sense a certain level of benefits from refining more than 20% of the Water Origin Palace's power.

To a certain extent, the power of the ice water source in Xu Tui's Red Heart was rapidly strengthening. Although he did not comprehend it in detail, just the initial gains had strengthened Xu Tui's ice seal.

After today, he felt that the ice seal that he had instantiated would definitely be stronger.

The breakthrough of a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was not small even if it was a small realm. This was especially so since Cai Shaochu was still in public. The phantom light displayed behind him and his boundless aura immediately attracted everyone's attention.

Seeing this, layers of flames immediately rose around Erera. Her eyes turned red as she stared at Chi Jing and Lei Zhen opposite her and entered combat mode.

Although Erera had sacrificed her brain, she had basic common sense.

Bu Qingqiu's breakthrough was not a big problem. On the Blue Star, an additional Planetary realm powerhouse would at most be a Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. It would not affect the big picture.

However, what if there was an additional Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse? Especially someone like Cai Shaochu.

Previously, other than Erera, no one could stop Chi Jing of the Spiritual Race. Günter of the Great Xi Clan could fight Cai Shaochu equally. However, what if Cai Shaochu broke through to the Six Satellites Planetary realm?

The situation would immediately change. Not only could Cai Shaochu fight Chi Jing, but he could also suppress Günter.

Everyone's expressions changed. As the enemy of the Blue Star humans, how could Chi Jing not understand this? He understood it too well! With Cai Shaochu's breakthrough, Blue Star's disadvantage on Ceres Star would probably be completely gone. He had to think of a way to stop it!

Chi Jing immediately contacted the Great Xi Clan's Günter. They could take advantage of the fact that Cai Shaochu was not in the Wood Origin Palace to interrupt Cai Shaochu's breakthrough or kill him.

"Brother Chi Jing, I understand your thoughts, but I feel that it's a little lacking! I'm afraid I have to pay a price!" Günter was a little puzzled.

"We will pay the price for doing this, but the Blue Star will definitely pay more than us. Moreover, if we don't pay the price today, our two clans will only pay more in the future," Chi Jing said.

It was obvious that Günter was convinced by the scorching scene. "Then try? But Erera belongs to you."

"Okay!"

Almost at the same time, Günter and Chi Jing began to gather their forces from the Fire Origin and Earth Origin Palaces. They must have one or two quasi-planetary experts guarding them. In an instant, the elite forces of the two races instantly pounced out of the two palaces and gathered above the Water Origin Palace.

Erera did not stay idle either. She gave a death order to Haren and Itavi, who had just shrunk into the Water Origin Palace to recuperate.

"Come out and participate in the battle. It's fine if you can restrain a quasi-planet! If you can't, come out and strengthen my formation! If you continue infighting, I'll personally kill the three of you after the battle!"

Haren, Itavi, and Augusto did not dare to disobey Erera. They would not be afraid if Cai Shaochu threatened them. This was because Cai Shaochu could talk about the big picture and politics, but could Erera?

No!

Under Erera's stern shout, the three of them obediently came out. Although these three people had only recovered 10 to 20% of their strength, the reputation of a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was still there.

In the next moment, Xu Tui's voice sounded in Erera's mind. "Grandmistress, let the Lord of Myths, Ullr, participate in the battle."

Erera had forgotten about this. However, she glanced at Xu Tui stubbornly and said, "I know. There's no need to remind me."

Xu Tui said, "Heh!"

"Mr. Ullr, you are a member of the Blue Star Alliance. Join the battle and protect Cai Shaochu when he breaks through! Your opponent is Lei Zhen!" Erera said.

"This is my responsibility!" The Lord of Myths, Ullr, who had been reminded, instantly soared into the air. His powerful aura spread out and instantly locked onto the Spiritual Race's Lei Zhen.

Lei Zhen, Günter, and Chi Jing were very powerful.

This was especially so for Lei Zhen. Although he was only a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, he was a lightning-type supernatural being. His speed was extremely fast and could threaten a Planetary realm powerhouse.

The subordinates brought by the Lord of Myths soared into the air and protected Cai Shaochu's right flank in a battle stance.

This way, even if the three seriously injured people, Haren, Itavi, and Augusto, were eliminated, the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan would not have much of an advantage. They would only have three more Planetary realm experts than the Blue Star.

This scene made Günter frown.

"Do you still have any unused power on your side? I don't think it's enough," Günter said.

Chi Jing shook his head. "Yes, but they're still on the way. What about you?"

"The same!"

After a few seconds of silence, Chi Jing said firmly, "We have to fight! Get ready. We have to stop Cai Shaochu's breakthrough! Otherwise, our future situation might not be good."

Günter was silent for a moment. He nodded slowly and made a gesture at the same time.

connection with the world was finally rapidly weakening. The thunderclouds that were focused in the sky began to quickly It was also at this moment that Xu Tui sensed that Bu Qingqiu's connection with the world was finally rapidly weakening. The thunderclouds that were focused in the sky began to quickly dissipate.

His mind power instantly turned into a huge force and grabbed the miserable Bu Qingqiu back. Then, he threw her to An Xiaoxue and said, "Xiaoxue, send Miss Bu to the Water Origin Palace."

In the next moment, Xu Tui stood up on his sword. With a thought, the dark-colored God Slaying Sword above his head instantly condensed. While Bu Qingqiu was breaking through, the God Slaying Sword in Xu Tui's Red Heart had been replenished by about 90% by the negative power in the Soul Crystal.

Günter and Chi Jing's expressions changed when Xu Tui used the God Slaying Sword with all his might.

Chi Jing glared at Xu Tui with a cold gaze. "So it's him! So the ancient Immortal Slaying Sword is on him!"

"Brother Chi Jing, I feel that this sword is very threatening. I'm afraid this battle…" Günter frowned. As the leader of the Great Xi Clan's solar system expedition team, Günter's strength was not top-notch. However, his first priority was to judge the situation and be cautious. Otherwise, he would not have survived until now under the pursuit of Lei Tian and successfully entered the Earth Origin Palace of Ceres Star.

Now, it was just to avoid trouble, but there was no need to risk his life.

Chi Jing was speechless. He stared intently at Xu Tui. His mind power sensed Xu Tui's God Slaying Sword without any hesitation. His expression became more and more solemn.

This God Slaying Sword was very strong. It could not kill him, but it could definitely affect him. If he had used this sword when he was fighting Erera, it would be a gone case. He had watched many of the videos that Lei Tian had left for him and the battle videos that he had collected about the God Slaying Sword.

He knew that the way Xu Tui's God Slaying Sword appeared was unpredictable.

In an instant, Chi Jing hesitated. The future solar system belonged to the Spiritual Race, not him. There was no need to risk his life.

Almost instantly, Chi Jing figured it out. There was no need to risk his life. However, he could plan well. Many people knew about the ancient Immortal Slaying Sword. It was extremely powerful. Now that it had appeared on a quasi-planetary teenager from the Blue Star, he immediately had thoughts.

If he managed to get his hands on it, he might even become a main elder in the Sanctuary when he returned to his home planet, let alone having a seat in it.

Every main seat elder had a direct force.

All of this happened in an instant.

Suddenly, the tense atmosphere above the Water Origin Palace seemed to have faded a little. As Bu Qingqiu was thrown into the Water Origin Palace by Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu no longer suppressed his aura.

A majestic aura instantly spread out. The energy around the entire Water Origin Palace formed a huge funnel-shaped tornado that gathered in Cai Shaochu's body. An extremely pure Origin Energy in the Wood Origin Palace with a faint green light shot out of the sky and landed in Cai Shaochu's body.

Under everyone's gazes, the aura in Cai Shaochu's body flipped. The seventh phantom behind his head quickly solidified.

On the Blue Star's side, everyone, including Erera and Xu Tui, was extremely tense at this moment. The most critical moment had arrived. If the Spiritual Race launched an attack, it would only take a minute or two.

Cai Shaochu's breakthrough was about to be completed. At this moment, the expressions of Haren, Itavi, and the others were actually quite complicated. However, no matter how complicated it was, the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan did not attack.

A minute later, the boundless Origin Energy gathered by the world finally formed a huge 'suppress' word behind Cai Shaochu's head.

A huge word 'suppress' bloomed above the Water Origin Palace. While everyone felt a violent pressure in their hearts, the word 'suppress' rapidly shrank by dozens of times. In the end, it condensed into a small fist-sized Suppression Star and turned into a small satellite that began to circle Cai Shaochu's main star.

Six satellites and one star!

Cai Shaochu also slowly opened his eyes at this moment. The breakthrough was completed!

He was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1