Chapter 1340 - 1340 Seeing Abnormality Again (2)

Chapter 1340 - 1340  Seeing Abnormality Again (2)

"Erera, get everyone in the Water Origin Palace, except for those who are guarding, to come out and participate in the battle. If a battle happens!" When he looked at the Water Origin Palace, Cai Shaochu's expression darkened. "If something like before happens again, Erera, I hope that you can implement the military law! Or let me do it!"

Erera's expression froze. Cai Shaochu rarely spoke to her in such a tone. She also understood that this was probably a critical moment. She immediately gave the order. "Participate in the battle according to Cai Shaochu's orders. Whoever doesn't listen, I'll personally implement the military law."

The retelling was easy and direct. This was Erera.

The seriously injured Augusto wanted to say something, but he wisely shut his mouth. Talking to Erera about politics and benefits at this moment was unless he was stubborn.

A bolt of lightning as thick as an arm had already blasted towards Bu Qingqiu with a roar.

Bu Qingqiu's body was wrapped in water light as she received the first heavenly tribulation. However, just as everyone thought that she was about to receive it, a bolt of lightning that was emitting dense water vapor at the core of the heavenly tribulation suddenly pierced through Bu Qingqiu's defense and caused her to fall from the sky to the ground. Blood spurted out of her mouth.

Xu Tui's heart skipped a beat. This was the first wave. There were still more.

"Idiot!" Little Six cursed, "Tell her that the heavenly tribulation is a feedback and test of the great power of heaven and earth that she usually uses. Either she completely accepts it or she defeats it!"

"How many waves are there in total?" Xu Tui asked.

"In terms of cultivation, in terms of the strength of the power she used in the past, there are at least three waves and at most nine waves! At her level, there's a high chance that she has five to six waves," Little Six said.

At this moment, Xu Tui could only nod. He could not help much.

However, Xu Tui observed as he quickly purified the Soul Crystals he had obtained previously. He wanted to fill up the God Slaying Sword in the shortest time possible. If the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race had joined forces to cause trouble during Bu Qingqiu's breakthrough, his sword might have been very important.

Everyone was observing carefully.

This was the first time they had seen the so-called heavenly tribulation. Even if they could not use the details they observed on themselves, they would have the capital to brag in the future.

Bu Qingqiu's heavenly tribulation had lightning on the outside, but on the inside, there were more water and earth elements. This was related to Bu Qingqiu's School of General Senses majoring in water.

The interval between the heavenly tribulations was about once a minute. The frequency was very fast. It did not give people much time to recover. However, there was still room for maneuver.

For example, the purified Soul Crystal and Blood Crystal. She could recover at least 10% of her mind power in a minute. Bu Qingqiu was not a vase. As the only quasi-planetary expert in the School of General Senses who was still active in front of others, Bu Qingqiu's strength was real. She could face a one or two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse head-on. Her strength had to be obtained through killing.

Other than the first heavenly tribulation, Bu Qingqiu was a little caught off guard and a little confused. She had dealt with the second and third tribulations quite well.

However, the power of every heavenly tribulation was accumulated.

When the fourth heavenly tribulation descended, Bu Qingqiu was severely injured. Not only did half of her shoulder turn into charred carbon, but her entire body was also badly mangled by the remaining water lightning.

However, Bu Qingqiu also discovered the beauty of the heavenly tribulation at this moment.

She actually began to rapidly absorb the water and lightning aura brought down by the heavenly tribulation. Bu Qingqiu's aura quickly became ferocious and powerful in everyone's senses. Her injuries were everyone's worry, though.

In the fifth heavenly tribulation, Bu Qingqiu did not choose to take it head on. Instead, she tore open Cai Shaochu's seal. The seal character suddenly slowed down the speed of the heavenly tribulation.

Bu Qingqiu took the initiative to attack. In a short period of time, she attacked seven times in a row and directly shattered the heavenly tribulation. The power in the heavenly tribulation scattered, and Bu Qingqiu began to absorb it again.

The sixth heavenly tribulation did not appear on time a minute later. Thunder rumbled in the clouds. Little Six's voice sounded in Xu Tui's mind. "Time has changed. It should be the last heavenly tribulation. Tell her to be careful and defend with all her might. Generally speaking, the power of the last heavenly tribulation might be the sum of the previous heavenly tribulation."

Xu Tui was shocked. He shook the void and roared. He could not use his mental voice transmission at this moment. Fortunately, he could roar even though he could not communicate with his consciousness.

Bu Qingqiu heard him. She instantly tore apart three Origin Crystal ability seal cards. One was Pei Tiefeng's Vajra Shield, and the other two were the Ice Prism Shield Origin Crystal ability seal cards that she had made herself.

At the same time, she also used all her strength to support her Ice Shield. Hundreds of ice spikes appeared around her as she stared at the sky with a cold aura.

Boom!

Three minutes later, a bolt of lightning as thick as a bucket descended.

Hundreds of ice spikes took the initiative to attack and turned into ashes under the lightning. The lightning was extremely fast and instantly pierced through Bu Qingqiu's two layers of ice shield and Pei Tiefeng's Vajra Shield.

weakened by another third.

In the next moment, the remaining lightning of the heavenly Bu Qingqiu tore apart another of Cai Shaochu's Fixed Formula. The space shook, and the lightning suddenly stopped for a moment. In this instant, hundreds of ice spikes blasted into the lightning of the heavenly tribulation. The lightning of the heavenly tribulation was weakened by another third.

In the next moment, the remaining lightning of the heavenly tribulation directly pierced through the ice shield that Bu Qingqiu had raised. The lightning covered Bu Qingqiu's entire body.

Bu Qingqiu let out a shrill cry. An Xiaoxue, who was holding Xu Tui's hand, suddenly tightened her grip. She had a worried expression. "She should have… survived!"

In the next moment, Xu Tui saw the remnant water and lightning aura after the heavenly tribulation drilling crazily into Bu Qingqiu's body. As the thick clouds in the sky spread out, the thick Origin Energy inside formed an Origin Energy tornado that drilled into Bu Qingqiu's body.

She had successfully broken through!

Bu Qingqiu was still alive!

The aura of the Planetary realm had already begun to spread on Bu Qingqiu's body.

"Little Six, according to your understanding, what will happen to Miss Bu's strength among Planetary realm powerhouses after she breaks through?" Xu Tui asked.

"What will happen to her strength?" Little Six looked displeased. "How should I put it? Every existence of the ancient Qi cultivators is an existence that makes the other races tremble. They only have one characteristic."

"What characteristics?"

"Powerful!"

Xu Tui: "…"

He felt that he had been defeated by Little Six.

"By the way, Little Six, you previously said that Miss Bu could only trigger the heavenly tribulation to break through in a small universe. But why did she trigger the heavenly tribulation to break through when she reached Ceres Star?" Xu Tui had been very puzzled by this question just now. He had always wanted to ask it.

However, he had been paying attention to Bu Qingqiu's breakthrough previously and did not have the time to ask Little Six.

He only remembered now!

"This… Eh?" Suddenly, Little Six let out a cry of surprise and pointed in a direction for Xu Tui. Xu Tui was also stunned when he looked over.

Cai Shaochu!

Cai Shaochu's body was surrounded by six colors, and his aura began to rise rapidly. Cai Shaochu had a solemn expression. He was actually suppressing his rising aura with all his might.

Xu Tui was stunned. He suddenly reacted.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1