Chapter 1346 - 1346: The Smart Spiritual Race And Blue Star People

Chapter 1346: The Smart Spiritual Race and Blue Star People

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

April 3, 2138, Ceres, Wood Origin Palace.

Under Cai Shaochu’s summons, a total of 12 Planetary realm powerhouses and

24 quasi-planetary powerhouses gathered in the Wood Origin Palace.

According to the requirements, the participants had to send at least one

Planetary realm and two quasi-planetary experts to participate in the battle. For the defense, they had to leave at least one Planetary realm and three quasi-planetary experts on Ceres Star. There were no other requirements.

Therefore, of the seven sectors, other than the Huaxia Sector, each sector had one Planetary realm and two quasi-planets. The reason why there were so many Planetary realm experts was that there were more people participating in the battle from the two organizations, the Worldly Pioneer Raiders and The Myth.

The Myths had a Planetary realm cultivator stationed in the Wood Origin and Water Origin Palaces respectively. At the same time, it represented their neutral position.

However, this time, the Lord of The Myth had brought another Planetary realm expert. The Lord of The Myth, Ullr, had personally participated in the battle.

This meant that there were two Planetary realm experts.

On Xu Tui’s side, Bu Qingqiu was still in the consolidation process after her breakthrough. It was not appropriate for her to participate in the battle. Only Yin Ba and Diwu Hui, two Planetary realm powerhouses, were participating in the battle.

Other than Bu Qingqiu, everyone else on Xu Tui’s side was participating in the battle. There were also five quasi-planetary realm experts from the Lord of Myths.

This way, 12 Planetary realm and 24 quasi-planetary realm powerhouses were a very powerful force. It could even be said to be very powerful.

Cai Shaochu, Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and Ruan Tianzuo were all top experts on the Blue Star.

Although Haren and the others had not recovered from their injuries and were in a bad state, the foundation of the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses was obvious. Ordinary three Satellites were not their match.

It could be said that this power was really powerful.

Other than that, the strength of Xu Tui, the commander of the Worldly Pioneer

Raiders, could no longer be measured by quasi-planetary strength.

Erera brought her men to guard the area.

It was 4:30 p.m. on Ceres Star. Under Xu Tui’s lead, everyone left the cosmic tunnel node of the Wood Origin Palace.

The cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star was actually quite interesting. The four Origin

Palaces shared a passageway entrance. However, after entering the passageway entrance, they formed four separate forks that led to the four Origin Palaces.

After everyone left and entered the cosmic tunnel, Xu Tui was not in a hurry to set off. Instead, he gave a lesson to everyone present at the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star.

It was related to the tracking in the cosmic tunnel and the production of guides.

The moment Xu Tui and the others passed through the cosmic tunnel of Ceres, Darak, who had just returned to a certain planet, suddenly froze. Then, he chuckled sinisterly.

“As expected, that old thing, Chi Jing, knows the Blue Star humans well. They’re all a bunch of cunning things. Gather all the clansmen outside. Also, the ten of you, use the holy tokens in your hands to treat my injuries.”

Following Darak’s order, the ten Muyas took out their holy tokens and held them between their hands. Then, they closed their eyes and began to chant strange prayer-like syllables.

Amidst this strange prayer-like syllable, every holy token shot out a milky white light. Then, it gathered above Darak’s head and formed a milky white pillar of light that finally landed on his head.

It was as if they had fused. The milky-white pillar of light landed, and Darak’s dispirited mental body, which had a large number of cracks, began to rapidly improve.

Darak’s mind power fluctuations quickly became stronger. He was rapidly recovering from the serious injuries caused by Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword. It was not just the injuries to his mental body. The injuries to Darak’s body were also rapidly recovering.

In just 15 minutes, when the white light in the 10 holy tokens was exhausted, 70 to 80% of Darak’s injuries, be it his mental body or his physical body, had recovered.

“The rest of you, hurry up and recuperate. We’ll take action later.”

Darak, who had mostly recovered from his injuries, took out a jade token. He sank his mind power into it for a few seconds before arriving at the node of the cosmic tunnel on this planet. He threw the jade token into the cosmic tunnel.

The moment the jade token passed through the node of the cosmic tunnel and appeared in the cosmic tunnel, it instantly turned into powder under the effect of the mighty power and was directly annihilated.

However, at the same time, a jade talisman in the arms of the Spiritual Race’s elder, Chi Jing, who was deep in thought in the Fire Origin Palace instantly shattered. After it shattered, it formed a line of words.

Looking at the line of characters, Chi Jing laughed. “As expected, the Blue Star humans are really smart and motivated! Are they trying to copy the Muyas’ escape route? Then it looks like we have to prepare a surprise for them. Feng Gu, get me Günter,” Chi Jing ordered.

Just as Xu Tui had expected, several of the top Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star could track down traces of the cosmic tunnel. For example, Cai Shaochu, Haren, Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, Augusto, and the Lord of Myths, Ullr, should be able to do it too, but they did not display it.

“You can’t return to Ceres without the guidance of a travel pass? But the problem is, according to you, the material used to make this travel pass is very precious. Its strength has to be more than twice that of a material like the quantum array core. Where are we going to find it?” Haren asked. Everyone looked at Xu Tui.

These questions concerned his personal interests and even his life. Therefore, he was paying a lot of attention to them.

“That’s all I know. However, I really don’t know what kind of materials can be used to make a cosmic tunnel..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1