Chapter 1348 - 1348: Division And Identity Judgment

Chapter 1348: Division and Identity Judgment

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The Muyas attacked the Water Origin Palace through the cosmic tunnel. The battle only happened inside the Water Origin Palace. Due to the force field of the Water Origin Palace, it was very difficult for the outside world to sense the power fluctuations inside.

“However, the Spiritual Race, Chi Jing, and the Great Xi Clan’s Günter attacked at the same time. Not only were we unable to support the Water Origin Palace, but even Erera was also restrained there.

“Then do you think the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan have colluded or cooperated with the Muyas?” Cai Shaochu explained with a cold smile under everyone’s puzzled gazes. “If they were colluding previously, would there be any connection now? Therefore, I’m waiting!

“As expected, the people of the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race have already joined forces to attack the Water Origin Palace,” Cai Shaochu said.

The expressions of the Planetary realm leaders of the other sectors changed drastically. Some people had already thought of the first level and even the second level. Everyone had thought of the first level. Cai Shaochu’s plan was very deep. This time, he had predicted everything.

What about the second level?

The leaders of the Blue Star were all present today. However, Cai Shaochu had only revealed the specific plan now. Did that mean that Cai Shaochu was suspecting something?

However, no one would throw out this question now.

“How many people are there fighting their way to the Water Origin Palace?” Haren said anxiously.

The Water Origin Palace was their sphere of influence. The people who stayed behind were also their people. Whether they were captured or attacked, the ones who suffered the greatest losses were their sectors, so Haren was very anxious.

“Based on what we’ve seen so far, the Great Xi Clan has sent out six Planetary realm experts and the Spiritual Race has sent out eight Planetary realm experts. There are a total of 14 Planetary realm experts and more than 40 quasi-planetary experts,” Dai Qi, a quasi-planetary expert from the Huaxia Sector, replied.

This number shocked Haren.

Fortunately, Cai Shaochu had such a plan. Otherwise, even if Erera was guarding the Water Origin Palace, they would definitely be captured. The experts from the various sectors who stayed behind in the Water Origin Palace would definitely suffer heavy injuries.

With 14 Planetary realm experts led by Chi Jing, they could definitely crush the forces left behind in the Water Origin Palace.

“Mr. Cai, since you’ve thought of this, how should we fight this battle? Arrange it quickly.” Augusto was a little anxious.

The current situation was that the quasi-planetary and Planetary realm experts left in the Water Origin Palace were all very dangerous. If they were late, there would really be a large number of casualties.

Currently, the various sectors are expanding rapidly. There was a huge need for Planetary realm and Planetary realm powerhouses. Every loss was a huge loss.

Cai Shaochu naturally had a plan with Xu Tui.

Previously, when they were still in the Wood Origin Palace, Cai Shaochu had discussed it with Xu Tui. The two of them had a surprisingly unanimous opinion on the matter of the Muyas colluding with the Spiritual Race.

These two families must be related. Moreover, the communication was very efficient. That was why they had come up with the current plan.

“My opinion is to split up!” Cai Shaochu said.

“How do we split up?” Itavi asked.

“If we attack the Water Origin Palace with all our might, there will only be two consequences. The first is that Chi Jing and Günter will retreat quickly in shock. There won’t be much of a result.

“The second possibility was that it would bring forward the decisive battle between the three races. The situation is that although we are supplemented by the pioneer raiders and the Myth’s experts, there is not much of a difference in strength between the two sides. We are even at a disadvantage.

“Once we entered the final battle mode, not to mention losing, even if we won, we would only win miserably. Therefore, I want to split the enemy and create results,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Mr. Cai, how do we split? We’re listening,” Augusto said.

“Split up a team and raid the Earth Origin Palace or the Fire Origin Palace. Go and raid their nests! Under such circumstances, no matter which family’s nest is raided, one of them will definitely retreat at all costs.

“We will then take the opportunity to pester them and beat the hell out of the one who is down on their luck. That way, we could avoid the final battle and disrupt their rhythm. The troops who raided the nest could also take the opportunity to contribute. In fact, if it’s ideal, we can expand the results,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Who’s going to raid the nests of these two families?” Haren asked.

“According to normal circumstances, be it the Great Xi Clan or the Spiritual

Race, there must be forces guarding their nest. There was at least one Planetary realm or even two Planetary realm experts left behind. Therefore, the team that went to launch an attack had to have a certain level of overwhelming power. They had to send three to four Planetary realm experts.

“I personally suggest that the Worldly Pioneer Raiders and The Myth go to each one! After all, if I ask you to launch an attack, I’m afraid you won’t be at ease with the battle at the Water Origin Palace, right?” Cai Shaochu smiled.

Haren, Itavi, and Augusto looked at each other at the same time. Although raiding the base did bring them a certain amount of benefits, just as Cai Shaochu had said, they were worried about the battle at the Water Origin palace.

If during the war, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Huaxia Sector and the Russian Federation slacked off a little, it might cause a large number of casualties on their side. As for why they were so worried, it was because they had done such a thing before.

The efficiency of this group of top-notch experts was extremely high. A minute later, the group returned to the interior of Ceres through the cosmic tunnel. However, there were four forks in the road in front of everyone.

Two of the paths were clear.

One led to the Wood Origin Palace, and the other led to the Water Origin Palace. Cai Shaochu and Haren had already led their men to the cosmic tunnel that led to the Water Origin Palace.

Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myth had a total of four Planetary realms and ten quasi-planetary experts. They were standing at the other two forks. These two paths led to the Earth Origin Palace and the Fire Origin Palace.

If he could confirm it, Xu Tui wanted to enter the Fire Origin Palace even more. The Spiritual Race was even stronger and needed to be quickly weakened.

The Great Xi Clan did not have a strong presence, at least in the solar system.

There was a 50% chance.

“Mr. Ullr, which side should we choose? It would be great if we could choose the Fire Origin Palace,” Xu Tui said to Ullr.

Under the heavy armor, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, laughed. “Commander Xu, you can choose. It’s up to luck! I feel that your luck shouldn’t be bad.”

Xu Tui frowned. Just now, he had wanted to test the Lord of Myths, Ullr, and see how deep his understanding of Ceres Star was. But he did not manage to test it out. Moreover, on the surface, the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, was constantly conveying friendly intentions to Xu Tui.

However, the occasional malice from the passive resonance of the spiritual resonance was very clear.

This Lord of Myths, Ullr, definitely had ulterior motives!

Ten seconds later, Xu Tui casually chose a tunnel. “This will do.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui took the lead with the Vajra Set on his head. He led Yin Liu and Diwu Hui and rushed in first. The Lord of The Myths, Ullr, and the other Myth Planetary realm powerhouse, Thalassa, followed closely behind.

The moment he rushed in, Xu Tui felt an inexplicable force restraining him. However, this restrictive force was immediately broken by Yin Liu and Diwu Hui.

There was a warning force.

The tunnel was unguarded. After entering the tunnel, Xu Tui took the lead and charged into the depths of the tunnel with all his might.

Almost at the same time, a red light rose from the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace. The expressions of the two Planetary realm experts of the Great Xi Clan guarding the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace instantly changed. “Someone has invaded. Let’s go and face the enemy with me!”

Two Planetary realm powerhouses from the Great Xi Clan led four quasi-planetary experts and charged towards the tunnel. One of them had an exceptionally powerful aura.

A hint of helplessness appeared on Xu Tui’s face the moment he passed through the tunnel. His luck was not too good. It was the Earth Origin Palace and not the Fire Origin Palace. The thick earth-element energy aura here already meant that this was the Earth Origin Palace.

“Be careful!” Suddenly, Xu Tui’s mind power surged. He pushed Yin Liu, who was flying in front of him. The moment Yin Liu was pushed away, a small mountain blasted down from the sky and landed on the place where Yin Liu stood.

Yin Liu’s expression changed. He was so close. If he was hit by this attack, he would definitely be severely injured. Xu Tui and Ullr frowned at the same time. There was shock in their eyes. This attack just now had reached the power of a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

There was a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan who had stayed in the Earth Origin Palace? If that was the case, this battle would not be easy.

In the next moment, they saw the enemy.

In this tunnel that could enter the depths of the Earth Origin Palace, two

Planetary realm experts were guarding it with four quasi-planetary experts.

The auras of the two Planetary realm powerhouses were very obvious. One was a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, while the other was a Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. They were both from the Great Xi Clan.

One of them was surrounded by an earthen yellow light. A river of earthen yellow light vaguely projected onto this body from the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace.

In the tunnel, the rumbling sounds of the small mountain were as dense as rain

In just an instant, it blocked everyone’s attack route.

Even Xu Tui, who could not dodge, was hit by a small mountain. All four layers of the Vajra Set exploded and he was almost injured.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, looked at Xu Tui in surprise.

Xu Tui could actually withstand the full-powered attack of a Five Satellites

Planetary realm powerhouse? The Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan was mobilizing the power of the Earth Origin Palace to attack them.

Was this the power of a completely refined Origin Object?

Xu Tui was a little shocked.

It was no wonder that the Great Xi Clan, the Spiritual Race, and the Muyas only attacked the Water Origin Palace and not the Wood Origin Palace. This must be a very important reason.

In the next moment, Diwu Hui, who was at the front, was sent flying by the small mountain. His advancement almost stopped. The moment Xu Tui looked over, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, instantly moved.

It instantly turned into an extremely violent bolt of lightning and blasted over. The power of the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse erupted at this moment.

Xu Tui was rather shocked.

A lightning-type supernatural being?

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, was actually a lightning-type supernatural being!

It did not match Xu Tui’s guess at all. Xu Tui had many guesses before this. For example, the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee, Raymont, had a special clone ability. Xu Tui suspected that the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, was related to Raymont.

It did not matter whose clone it was. What was important was that it was related.

The power nature of the clone should be the same. But now, the strength that Ullr had displayed was that of a lightning-type supernatural being. This meant that Xu Tui’s previous judgment was wrong.

In that case, where did the Lord of The Myth, Ullr, get his malice toward Xu Tui the first time he saw him?

Looking at Ullr rushing over at lightning speed, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan, who was controlling the Earth Origin Palace’s defense, sneered. In an instant, a thick earth-element light screen appeared at the end of the tunnel.

The lightning exploded, and the earth-element light screen quickly melted it. Even when the figure of the Myth Lord, Ullr, appeared, the earth-element light screen was still not broken.

As the lightning disappeared, the weakened earth-element light screen quickly thickened.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, frowned and began to quickly dodge the earth-element attacks.

The Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan sneered. They had completely taken control of the Earth Origin Palace, especially since the Earth Origin Palace was good at guarding. With him guarding it, they would not be able to enter the Earth Origin Palace .

However, in the next moment, a golden Small God Slaying Sword appeared without any warning and slashed into his head, causing his entire body to tremble.

Quantum Dimension Chain Energy Teleportation!

“Break! ” Amidst the roar of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, the thick earth-element light screen at the end of the tunnel was destroyed without any replenishment..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1