Chapter 1345 - 1345 Active Hunting (2)

Chapter 1345  Active Hunting (2)

Seeing that scene, Haren felt bad on the spot. He had even personally made a few trips to that asteroid, including his disciple. "That survivor said that you saved him and then killed the Muyas guarding Karsnai. Xu Tui, first of all, I thank you on behalf of the American Sector! If… the consequences…"

Haren did not finish his sentence because of his emotional fluctuations, but everyone present understood what he meant.

When the higher-ups of the American Sector on Planet Kono discovered that they had lost contact with the asteroid, they would immediately send out an exploration team or reinforcements.

A Planetary realm cultivator who was trapped by the restrictions of the quantum teleportation channel would only be able to return after a day. Then, the reinforcements might become food for the Muyas.

The American Sector had to suffer another loss. They would even lose a large number of elites.

It was because of this that Haren was grateful to Xu Tui. Xu Tui shook his head. "There's no need. We're both humans of the Blue Star. I've done it along the way. Of course, if you really want to be grateful, you can give me something substantial. This verbal gratitude is worthless."

Haren was stunned. The essence of the old coin was revealed at "Without a road sign, it's usually impossible to find the cosmic tunnel node again. As for how I know, this is also related to my this moment. "Maiponeo and the others will thank you! By the way, Commander Xu, I want to know how you know that the Muyas attacked Karsnai. Was the vortex door of light that we built there the node of the cosmic tunnel?" Haren asked, "We've sent people to explore, but the people we sent have never been able to return."

"Without a road sign, it's usually impossible to find the cosmic tunnel node again. As for how I know, this is also related to my previous thoughts."

As soon as Xu Tui said that, everyone's gazes instantly landed on Xu Tui.

"I've said it before. The cosmic tunnel has a characteristic. Anyone who walks through it will leave a mark. Furthermore, this mark will not dissipate in a short period of time. It will remain for a period of time.

"As soon as I entered the cosmic tunnel, I discovered the remnant auras of someone passing through. I tracked them all the way to Karsnai and discovered the atrocities of the Muyas." Xu Tui paused for a moment and said, "However, what I want to say is that just an hour ago, the Muyas had just retreated from the cosmic tunnel of the Water Origin Palace.

"There are only three ways to get to the Water Origin Palace through the cosmic tunnel. We can eliminate our own! We could also eliminate the Myths of Mr. Ullr themselves! Then, I should be able to track the whereabouts of the Muyas!

"If we follow this trail, we might be able to find the nest of the Muyas in the solar system and destroy them in one fell swoop. We can avenge our compatriots who died tragically!"

Everyone present was an experienced person. Therefore, Xu Tui's suggestion did not attract any cheers. Instead, they asked him a question.

"In the cosmic tunnel, anyone who walks past will definitely leave a mark. The Muyas should know this, right? Do they have any corresponding arrangements to disrupt the line of sight?" The top Planetary realm powerhouse from the Russian Federation, Anlevich, asked.

"The Muyas will definitely know, but how would we know if we don't try? Although it's very difficult to track the enemy in the cosmic tunnel, the few of you here should be able to do it. We'll know after we try," Xu Tui said.

"What if the Muyas have arrangements? For example, they anticipate our attack and set up an ambush in advance?" Itavi took the initiative to ask. However, this question was also the essence of the old coin.

"There might also be arrangements, but how can we know if we don't try? Moreover, most importantly, the Muyas' current strength in the solar system should be limited. If the power of our attack is strong enough, we won't be afraid even if the Muyas are prepared," Xu Tui said.

After saying that, Xu Tui added, "Moreover, I personally think that the possibility of the Muyas being prepared is not high. Currently, the humans of the Blue Star had too little understanding and mastery of cosmic tunnels. It's almost a zero start.

"That's my idea. It depends on everyone's opinion. If you agree to the operation, form an elite team and go through the cosmic tunnel to pursue the Muyas. Then we would return the favor to the Muyas. After all, it was not good to not retaliate after being beaten up. My suggestion is to actively hunt. The Muyas are cultivation resources after all." Xu Tui shrugged and stopped talking.

The opinion had been expressed. The next choice would depend on the people in front of him. In any case, Xu Tui would not be so stubborn as to lead the pioneer raiders to launch a surprise attack on the nest of the Muyas.

That was unrealistic.

They had to gather the elite forces of the Blue Star for such an attack.

The participants were all silent. A minute later, Cai Shaochu suddenly said, "Xu Tui is the commander of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders, one of the two organizations in the Blue Star. The suggestion has been made. Everyone, raise your hands and vote. Of course, personally, I agree!

"At the very least, this was a field exploration of the cosmic tunnel. With Xu Tui or Mr. Ullr leading us, it will be easier for us to quickly grasp the way and characteristics of the cosmic tunnel." Cai Shaochu was the first to raise his hand.

"I agree. I want to participate in the battle personally!" Even though Old Haren was seriously injured and had not recovered, he still expressed his stance firmly.

Of course, revenge was one thing. The most fundamental and important reason was the cosmic tunnel. He had to personally participate in and obtain first-hand information and field exploration of the cosmic tunnel. This was very important.

As for strength, as a veteran Planetary realm powerhouse, he had many things to save his life and recover. Coupled with his current recovery, it would not be a problem for him to have 40 to 50% of his combat strength when he arrived at his destination.

"I'll participate in the battle too!" Itavi took the initiative to express his stance.

"I'll participate in the battle too." Augusto was very enthusiastic.

Since these severely injured old coins had expressed their stance, there was naturally no doubt about the others.

"A family has at least one Planetary realm and two quasi-planetary experts. The additional manpower will depend on the situation of the various families. After all, we still have to guard the Water Origin Palace and the Wood Origin Palace. Especially the Water Origin Palace." Cai Shaochu came to a conclusion.

No one had any doubts, but Cai Shaochu looked at the Lord of The Myths, Ullr.

"I have no objections. I'll participate in the battle personally!" The Lord of Myths, Ullr, smiled.

"Alright, then get ready. In half an hour, the personnel will secretly gather at the Wood Origin Palace and set off from there."

Cai Shaochu made the final decision. He still had half an hour to prepare. Xu Tui and the others did not stay idle. They seized the time to use the fastest method to recover their power. While Cai Shaochu was giving instructions on the defense, he silently gave an order. "Send an order to Ruan Tianzuo. In half an hour, ask him to follow me to battle."

Fang You, who was giving the order, froze. "Principal, Ruan Tianzuo was severely injured previously. The huge hole in his chest will take at least half a month to recover. His combat strength is only about 50 to 60%. I think he might refuse!"

Cai Shaochu's gaze made Fang You shut up. "I asked you to pass the order, not to discuss it with me. Fang You, can you use your brain more?"

"I… understand! I'll go now."

Cai Shaochu's eyes were a little melancholic as he watched Fang You leave. Before this, he had always prioritized unity. However, from the looks of it, some people had gone overboard. If he did not interfere, they would become cancer. It was time to intimidate some people and things. He should even make a decision.

Five minutes later, Fang You returned, but he had a stunned expression.

"Principal, I've personally passed the order. Ruan Tianzuo agreed readily. He said that he would arrive on time," Fang You said.

"Did he say anything else or any other expressions?" Cai Shaochu asked.

"No, he only glanced at it after I transmitted your order. He nodded slightly and spoke. There was nothing else," Fang You said.

"Alright, go and prepare for defense."

After Fang You left, Cai Shaochu's expression darkened.

Ruan Tianzuo was too practical. He was so obedient the moment he broke through. This meant that he had already seen through Cai Shaochu's motives. Actually, if Ruan Tianzuo had been stronger and Old Cai had given him a good beating, this matter might have been over.

But now…

There was deterrence, but the human heart…

"Old Ruan, we've known each other for decades. I hope you can choose the path correctly…" Old Cai's sigh sounded in the empty main hall.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1