Chapter 1347 - 1347: The Smart Spiritual Race And The Blue Star People (2)

Chapter 1347: The Smart Spiritual Race and the Blue Star People (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“We can only rely on everyone to figure it out,” Xu Tui said sincerely.

“Xu Tui, I want to know how you managed to reach the Karsnai asteroid from the cosmic tunnel before coming to the cosmic tunnel of Ceres without a road pass,” Itavi asked.

The question was sharp.

However, Xu Tui did not intend to hide it.

“I don’t have the materials to make a road pass, but I have a road pass! As for how I got the road pass, this is my secret! Itavi, do you want me to reveal this secret to you?” Xu Tui sneered.

Itavi looked at Xu Tui and chuckled. “I didn’t mean that! I was just thinking. If we can’t make a travel pass without a road pass, what’s the point of knowing the node of the cosmic tunnel? It was useless even if we knew. Unless we are willing to get lost in the cosmic tunnel or are willing to sense the universe inch by inch to find possible cosmic tunnel nodes.”

Itavi’s words resonated with the heads of the various alliances present. This was indeed the biggest problem at the moment.

Without a guide, the passage of the cosmic tunnel would become useless.

Xu Tui also frowned at this. He could make a road pass because of Red Heart and Little Six. He really did not know any other methods.

“This requires us to try and study it carefully after we understand it,” Cai Shaochu said slowly.

“If that’s the case, then I think that researching this is the most important thing at the moment. Otherwise, even if we discover the cosmic tunnel nodes on the asteroid, we would only follow in the footsteps of the Karsnai asteroid,” Huang Gu, a Planetary realm powerhouse from Huaya Sector, said.

This explanation made Haren’s expression turn ugly.

If they could not create a road pass for the cosmic tunnel node, then for the American Sector, they could only abandon a high-quality asteroid like Karsnai, which had already invested a large number of resources in its development.

They could not return if they went out, but the enemy could march in at any time. It was impossible for the American Sector to have seven to eight Planetary realm experts stationed at all times.

If they could not make a pass to the cosmic tunnel, they would have to give up on the asteroid.

Xu Tui did not have an answer to this question. Just as everyone was worrying about this problem, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, suddenly smiled and said, “It seems that the focus of the cosmic tunnel nodes that Commander Xu and I understand is different. I know a little more about travel passes.”

Everyone instantly looked at the Lord of Myths, Ullr.

“First of all, there are no problems with everyone returning to Ceres. Anyone who has refined the origin power of the four origin palaces of Ceres is a natural guide. No matter how much you refine it, you can use this as a guide to successfully find the cosmic tunnel of Ceres.”

Ullr’s words immediately made Cai Shaochu, Haren, Itavi, and the others try it out on the spot. All of them revealed surprised expressions.

It worked.

In an instant, the Lord of Myths became the core of the crowd. Even Xu Tui had tried to sense the power of the Water Eye. He could sense the location of the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star even without Little Six’s guide.

“But just the location of the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star is far from enough for us,” Haren asked the Lord of Myths, Ullr. We have to return to the problem of road passes! Commander Xu has already mentioned the method of making road passes just now. It’s very correct.

“But the materials were difficult to find. However, there were two types of travel passes. The material that Commander Xu had mentioned just now had high requirements. It was a permanent travel pass.

“The requirements for making this kind of permanent travel pass were higher, but the requirements for using it were extremely low.

“As long as it was made, any quasi-planetary or Planetary realm could use it. Furthermore, it could be used repeatedly. It could even be repeatedly made into a travel pass for other cosmic tunnel nodes. However, there was also a temporary pass. The requirements for the materials are lower, but the requirements for use are higher.”

The words ‘temporary road pass’ made the eyes of everyone present, including Xu Tui, light up.

To be honest, Xu Tui was also very worried about the road pass. He had Red Heart as a guide, but what would happen to the others if he did not personally set off?

This was also a problem that Xu Tui faced.

“Mr. Ullr, tell me quickly. How can I obtain the materials for this temporary travel pass?” Haren was anxious.

Ullr was not in a hurry to say it. Instead, he smiled and said, “My Myth has never contributed much to the Blue Star! Today’s method can be considered a contribution of The Myth to the Blue Star.”

Without waiting for everyone to thank him, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, said, “It’s the Origin Crystal card that you used to create the Origin Crystal ability seal card!

“Using 100 grams of Origin Crystals to refine and fuse it into a temporary travel pass. Then, we would follow the method that Commander Xu had just mentioned and refine it into a road token. Then we’ll use our mind power to carve a road pass in it. However, because the material is not strong enough, there will be a few problems.”

“What problems?” Haren asked.

“This temporary road pass can only be used by the creator himself. No one else can use it. At the same time, this temporary travel pass can only be used once. It will be useless after one use.

Other than that, because of the material, and also because the temporary road pass had established a connection with the node of the cosmic tunnel, the energy inside would continuously dissipate.

Under normal circumstances, a temporary road pass could only exist for seven days.

“After seven days, even if we don’t use it, the energy flow inside will be useless.”

The words of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, made everyone present think for a while.

A temporary road pass could indeed solve a major problem. The consumption of 100 grams of Origin Crystals was secondary, but it could only be used by the creator himself. Furthermore, it could only last for seven days.

One had to know that the first requirement for making a road pass was to be able to sense the existence of the cosmic nodes in the cosmic tunnel.

Just this point required extremely powerful mind power or extremely sensitive energy perception. Usually, only Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses could make it.

It could only be used by oneself, which meant that if they wanted to pass through the cosmic tunnel, they could only be led by a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Currently, Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star could be counted.

Of course, there were also perverts like Xu Tui.

However, they were in the minority.

“Of course, I only know this method. As for how to research and what shortcuts or even convenient methods you can come up with, it will depend on everyone here.” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, was very humble.

“Yes, in the future, we should be able to find a more convenient method if we study it with all our might,” Augusto said. Then, he looked at Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu. “Mr. Cai, the problem of the road pass has been resolved. I think that we have to hurry if we are to track the nest of the Muyas. It’s better to be fast than slow.”

Cai Shaochu glanced at everyone present and nodded. However, he said, “It’s indeed better to be fast than slow. However, the exploration of the cosmic tunnel is also one of the important missions. Let’s study the judgment method of the aura traces left behind in the cosmic tunnel.”

Augusto was stunned. He frowned! In the end, Augusto did not say anything and began to participate in the exchange and discussion.

This was also very important in the future. However, the more they discussed, the more puzzled the Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses were. It felt like a waste of time. Other than the content of the discussion at the beginning where it was more valuable.

Many of the questions after that were nonsense. It could even say that it was a waste of time. This was especially so for Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and the others. Time was extremely precious, but now, it was wasted in the cosmic tunnel. Even the Lord of Myths, Ullr, was very puzzled.

Cai Shaochu kept talking. As a newly promoted Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, everyone had to give Cai Shaochu some face and listen. However, the more they listened, the more anxious they became.

Weren’t they going to counter-hunt? However, they had already wasted more than an hour in the cosmic tunnel. If this continued, it would be fine as long as they were not hunted by the enemy.

Just as everyone lost their patience, a figure suddenly darted out of the cosmic tunnel. It was Dai Qi, a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector. The moment he darted out, Dai Qi said to Cai Shaochu, “Principal, as you expected, they’ve taken action.”

Cai Shaochu sneered, but everyone was at a loss..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1