Chapter 1343 - 1343: Reason For The Appearance Of The Heavenly Tribulation (2)

Chapter 1343: Reason for the Appearance of the Heavenly Tribulation (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, it was different from today onwards. At the very least, he had to be serious about the atmosphere in the Huaxia Sector.

After today’s battle, Xu Tui, the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, and the Muya Clan who had attacked from the Water Origin Palace had brought about the latest changes to the solar system.

A cosmic tunnel.

The Blue Star humans had to understand this in depth immediately. Then, they had to organize it into information and send it to the various planets under them to investigate. Previously, there were only two ways to pass through the solar system or the universe. The first was a long cosmic flight, and the second was a quantum teleportation channel.

Of the two, the former made the war and changes in the solar system very slow. It would take half a year to travel from the Moon to Mars. He would wait slowly for the attack. The pace was very slow.

Even though dozens of pairs of quantum teleportation channels had been built, it was still the same. The teleportation restriction of the quantum teleportation channel was there. There was only one Planetary realm every day.

The intensity of the war had been limited.

However, the appearance of the cosmic tunnel instantly rewrote the situation in the solar system. Just like the attack of the Muya Clan today, a large number of Muyas appeared behind the Water Origin Palace as if they were a divine army.

What if it appeared on other planets? What about Planet Kono or Mars? Therefore, the Blue Star humans had to quickly accept and dig deeper to survive in the solar system.

Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui entered a mental communication in the shortest time possible. Xu Tui told Cai Shaochu almost everything he knew about the small universe of the cosmic tunnel.

Cai Shaochu also began to exchange information about the cosmic tunnel with the Lord of Myths, Ullr.

Xu Tui took advantage of this time to ask Little Six another question.

“Little Six, answer my previous question! Why did Miss But s tribulation suddenly appear on Ceres Star? Ceres Star is not a small universe, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“Ceres is indeed not a small universe, but Ceres is the most special planet in the solar system. Ceres Star was the hub of the solar system’s ancient passageways. Not only could it connect to the various small universes through cosmic tunnels, but some small universes were also connected to Ceres Star.

“Under the infiltration of the aura of the small universes, heavenly tribulation could indeed appear on Ceres Star. This had also happened in ancient times.

“However, because of its special status and location, especially in ancient times, Ceres could reach the small universe of the Heavenly Court directly. Only by receiving the boundless power of heaven and earth in the small universe of the Heavenly Court could there be a heavenly tribulation.

“In other words, there’s only one reason why a heavenly tribulation can appear on Ceres,” Little Six said.

“Are you saying that the small universe of the Heavenly Court has appeared?” “No, not only did it appear, but it has returned to its position,” Little Six said.

“What do you mean?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“It means the small universe of the Heavenly Court has been reopened! This is a little similar to the computers of you humans. The previous situation was that the Heavenly Court had crashed. Now, it has been restarted.

“However, after it’s restarted, a password is needed. Actually, it’s similar to the refinement of the Water Eye of the Water Origin Palace! Someone refined the seal of the Heavenly Court,” Little Six said.

“Someone obtained the small universe of the Heavenly Court and completely refined and grasped it?” This was what Xu Tui understood.

“No, they just entered the Heavenly Court’s small universe and grasped and refined the control token of the Heavenly Court’s small universe. They preliminary obtained some of the decrees functions of the Heavenly Court’s

small universe.

“It’s not easy to completely refine and control the small universe of the Heavenly Court. The conditions are extremely complicated and harsh, ” Little Six said.

“It’s just like refining and controlling a portion of the Water Eye of the Water Origin Palace. If someone completely refines and controls the control seal of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, what can they do?” Xu Tui asked.

“Then let’s see how far he can refine and control the small universe seal of the Heavenly Court and his own strength! If his refinement and strength reach the level, his will can cover the entire solar system.”

Little Six’s words made Xu Tui gasp. His expression was a little terrifying. How terrifying was it to have his will covering the entire solar system?

“However, don’t worry, it’s impossible at the moment! In that situation, there has to be a Transcendent or someone infinitely close to the Transcendent realm.

“Currently, it has only been a few days since you unsealed Origin Domain Space. It had not been long since the small universe of the Heavenly Court was restarted. Even if that person obtained the seal of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, the degree of refinement and control was extremely limited. It was only at the elementary level. By the way, I suddenly remembered something,” Little Six suddenly said.

“What is it?”

“Even if someone obtained the small universe of the Heavenly Court and refined the seal that controls it, it’s impossible for Ceres Star to accumulate enough power of heaven and earth in such a short period of time to trigger the heavenly tribulation. After all, the power in the small universe of the Heavenly Court is slowly infiltrating Ceres Star,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. His face darkened. “You’ve been talking for a long time, but you’ve brought my question back to square one. Then why would there be a heavenly tribulation on Ceres Star?”

“My thoughts were simple just now. I only realized the problem after I communicated with you. Under such circumstances, there can only be one reason why there is a heavenly tribulation on Ceres Star,” Little Six said.

“What reason?”

“The existence who controls the small universe of the Heavenly Court brought the seal of the small universe to Ceres Star. Or perhaps he is on Ceres Star himself.”

Xu Tui was stunned by Little Six’s words. The person who controlled the small universe of the Heavenly Court brought the small universe seal of the Heavenly Court to Ceres Star, or rather, he was on Ceres Star.

Who could it be?

In an instant, many names flashed past Xu Tui’s mind. He even thought of the last person to arrive, the Lord of Myths, Ullr.

“Xu Tui, think of a way to find this person. It would be best if you can obtain the control seal of the small universe of the Heavenly Court. Even if you could not get it, you have to establish a cooperative relationship with this person. The control seal of the Heavenly Court’s small universe would be very useful for a long time to come. With it, you will be able to fight the enemy and search for other small universes with half the effort!” Little Six said.

“However, the problem is that I have no clue at the moment. How can I know who has the control seal of the Heavenly Court’s small universe?

“Is there any way to filter and find it?” Xu Tui asked.

“There is no direct screening method to find the small universe of the Heavenly Court. However, there’s one thing. If you want to refine the control seal of the small universe of the Heavenly Court, you have to be at least a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui rolled his eyes when he heard that.

It would be fine if this condition was a Planetary realm powerhouse. There were only 30-odd Planetary realm powerhouses on Ceres. It was possible to eliminate them one by one.

However, there were many quasi-planets.

There were at least 150 quasi-planetary experts on Ceres. This was known.

“Are there any other characteristics?” Xu Tui asked.

“Other characteristics?” Little Six pondered for a moment. “The combat strength of the owner is usually relatively stronger. It will affect and mobilize the energy in the world more. He should have the ability to kill enemies above his level.”

Xu Tui said, “Are you talking about me? But I didn’t!”

Little Six: ‘

“This… Observe slowly. The experts who have the Control Seal of the Heavenly Court Small Universe will definitely slowly reveal something different. Oh, that’s right. The controller of the small universe seal of the Heavenly Court could give one or two special supernatural being abilities to his subordinates through appointment. However, this is also related to the extent to which he has mastered and refined the seal of the Heavenly Court,” Little Six said.

This characteristic made Xu Tui think.

“By the way, is it possible for outsiders to refine the control seal of the Heavenly Court?” Xu Tui quickly asked.

Excluding the foreign races, there were less than 100 humans on the Blue Star.

The range was still very small. In his mind, Little Six had a helpless expression. “This is also the most helpless thing! The Heavenly Court is the most inclusive and widespread in all the small universes. Although it’s more difficult for outsiders to refine and control the seal of the Heavenly Court, it’s still possible. ”

“Including the Great Xi Clan, the Spiritual Race, or the Muyas?”

“I don’t know about the Great Xi Clan, but the Spiritual Race and the Muyas definitely can.”

Xu Tui was speechless. If he did not know, it meant that it was possible. That meant that the Spiritual Race and the Muyas could both refine and control the Heavenly Court. This difficulty was really high.

Especially on the other races’ side.

“Ah Huang, help me collect and analyze the data of all quasi-planetary and Planetary realm powerhouses on Ceres at this stage.” As Xu Tui gave the order, Cai Shaochu also called out to Xu Tui. The meeting over there had begun..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1