Chapter 1358 - 1358: Yanzi ‘S Invention And Exploration

Chapter 1358: Yanzi ‘s Invention and Exploration

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Compared to meditating for a long time, Xu Tui preferred to work hard. The accumulation of battles or travels made Xu Tui feel even more secure.

Xu Tui, who sat quietly at the top of the mountain every day and watched the moon and listened to the wind, felt flustered. The more he sat, the more he felt like he was passing time. Therefore, he planned to go out and take a look.

But it was different from before this time. Previously, Xu Tui had brought his main forces and chose an opportunity to act. This time, he planned to walk around the cosmic tunnel alone.

One was to explore the cosmic tunnel.

The cosmic tunnel was extremely unfamiliar to Xu Tui and the entire Blue Star.

Where was the end? Where was the source? Where did the cosmic tunnel lead? Where were the small universes that Little Six mentioned?

Xu Tui wanted to know all of this. If he wanted to know, he could only explore it. He had this thought ever since he returned from Ceres Star. Everything about the cosmic tunnel seemed to be unknown. He had thought of many ways to explore. He could lead a team or an elite team to explore. In the end, he decided to explore it himself to satisfy his desires. He did not bring anyone.

Of course, he did not bring anyone along mainly for safety. That was because Xu Tui had a life-saving divine skill, teleportation.

Xu Tui could deal with ordinary Planetary realm experts. His teleportation could save his life against a powerful Planetary realm powerhouse. If he brought someone along, even if it’s An Xiaoxue, it would become very difficult after encountering a powerful enemy. He had not left previously because he was a little worried about the defense of Planet Peach.

After all, there was a cosmic tunnel node on Planet Peach. What if the Muyas attacked? Now, with the continuous breakthroughs of others, the defense system of Planet Peach was basically established.

Six Planetary realms and 16 quasi-planets. Two of the quasi-planetary experts had the combat strength of the Planetary realm. Under such circumstances, Planet Peach could deal with seven to eight Planetary realm experts.

However, Xu Tui still made extremely detailed tactical arrangements before he left.

For example, if the enemy attacked, and there were five Planetary realm powerhouses among the enemies, or if there were more than six Planetary realm powerhouses, everyone would retreat to Planet Liuxia. Preserving their strength was the most important thing.

Before Xu Tui left, Yanzi gave him another surprise.

Under Yanzi’s continuous research, the Three-Talents Gathering Energy Formation became the Four-Symbols Gathering Energy Formation.

Building the Four-Symbols Gathering Energy Formation required four energy gathering array cores. However, the energy gathering effect of the Four-Symbols Gathering Energy Formation was not great.

It only increased the energy concentration of the cultivation base from 10.7 to 11.1. The increase was very small. There should be an upper limit to energy gathering.

Then, Yanzi thought of another idea.

Energy Gathering Tower Array.

It was to build an outer energy gathering cultivation center and surround the original energy gathering cultivation center that had been set up with the Four-Symbols Energy Gathering Formation.

The outer energy gathering cultivation belt was divided into a total of three areas. Each area was set up with a Four-Symbols Gathering Energy Array.

This way, the concentration of energy in the cultivation belt could reach more than 8.0. There were no benefits.

However, the increase in the concentration of energy in the outer cultivation center would once again slightly increase the concentration of energy in the inner cultivation center. This increased the concentration of energy in the energy gathering cultivation center from 11.1 to 11.7. The increase was still not large, but at this concentration, every little increase was huge.

The energy concentration in the energy gathering cultivation center already felt like it was turning into mist.

Their cultivation efficiency increased again.

The cultivation efficiency of ordinary people here was six times that of Planet Kono. Moreover, after Ah Huang’s many field tests, the cultivation efficiency in the energy gathering center might actually be seven times that of Planet Kono.

Why would such a situation happen?

The final result of the research was that because the concentration of energy in the Energy Gathering Cultivation Center was extremely high, cultivators would naturally be infiltrated by the energy if they stayed inside. It was like water pressure, it is a natural permeation.

If they stayed here, even if they did not cultivate and only breathed normally, their physical fitness, including their genetic ability chains, would be enhanced to a certain extent.

Xu Tui believed that there would only be more experts in the future in the pioneer raiders.

Especially when it came to nurturing newcomers, it would be faster. According to the connection with the Huaxia Sector, the next batch of elite students selected by the Huaxia Sector to support the pioneer raiders would arrive on Planet Liuxia in three months.

There were a total of 60 candidates.

On the morning of the 2nd of June, while An Xiaoxue was still sleeping soundly, Xu Tui gently stood up and kissed An Xiaoxue’s forehead. Then, he quietly left.

He had told them about going to the cosmic tunnel a few days ago.

“Ah Huang, from this moment on, under normal circumstances, the various planets will operate according to a fixed strategy. If there are any emergencies, An Xiaoxue will take over as the temporary commander-in-chief. Execute the orders.”

“Orders received.”

After giving his instructions, Xu Tui, who had put on his specially made combat uniform, rode his sword into the air and flew straight to the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Peach. Ah Huang’s voice even sounded in his mind.

“Come back early. I won’t be used to it without you,” Ah Huang said. Xu Tui could not bring technological products when he went to the cosmic tunnel to explore. That was why Ah Huang said that.

However, Xu Tui had also reserved several types of emergency contact details. Otherwise, he would not have dared to enter the cosmic tunnel to explore. The fortress outside the node of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Peach had been completed. When Xu Tui arrived, the morning sunlight had just shone on the fortress. He suddenly froze. At the entrance of the fortress, a purple-clothed figure was waiting quietly.

It was Yanzi.

“Yanzi, you?” Xu Tui placed his sword down. Although he understood a little, he did not dare to say some things.

“Yes, I was waiting for you. I don’t know when you will leave, so I came last night.” Yanzi stared at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui smiled bitterly. “Can’t you tell me in the base? Do you have to wait for me here?” “It’s not convenient in the base.”

Xu Tui:

“In the past few days, I’ve invented a new array formation after studying the arrays of the Spiritual Race and the myths and legends of the Huaxia Race. You might be able to use it when you explore the cosmic tunnel this time.” Yanzi took out two sets of quantum jade cores.

“What array?

“I call it the Five-Elements Maze Formation. According to the myths and legends of Huaxia and the array of my Spiritual Race, nothing in the world can escape the five material sequences of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth.

“After this array formation was set up, the five elements would mutually reinforce and restrain each other. Not only could it hide your aura, but it could also allow your aura to fuse into the current district. It also had a certain invisible effect.

“Basically, unless you are directly seen by the other party’s vision, the probability of the other party discovering you is very small,” Yanzi said.

“Invisibility? Hiding your aura? Did you test it?” Xu Tui asked.

“I found Bu Qingqiu and Diwu Hui to do a test. They can’t be discovered within 10 meters without deliberately searching. They can’t be discovered within 100 meters even if there was a search.

“There was no other relevant data for the time being. However, I personally felt that this kind of aura concealment should be universal. It would also be effective against high-level Planetary realm powerhouses.

“If you encounter danger, you can try. However, time was tight, so I only refined two sets. Also, this is the refinement method. You can take a look when you’re free.” Yanzi handed the things to Xu Tui.

This surprised Xu Tui. To be honest, Yanzi’s research talent in formations was much stronger than he had imagined. Moreover, she was extremely interested.

It had only been a short while, but she had already come up with this Five-Elements Maze Formation. If she continued to study it, she might be able to come up with something heaven-defying.

Xu Tui took the things and accepted them. He thanked her softly. However, it was obvious that the words ‘thank you’ was not what Yanzi wanted. The straightforward Yanzi stared at Xu Tui. “Do you have anything else you want to say to me?”

Xu Tui was silent. He actually knew Yanzi’s intentions.

However…

“Close your eyes,” Yanzi suddenly said.

Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. He closed his eyes as he had said. In the next moment, Yanzi’s fiery body pressed against him. She hugged Xu Tui tightly and pressed her face against him.

However, it was only for a moment before Yanzi left Xu Tui. Flames surged, and Yanzi instantly left.

“Xu Tui, I like you. I prefer you to take the initiative.”

Xu Tui smiled bitterly as the flames left. In the past, he lacked people to like him. Now, many people seemed to like him, but..

At the Peach Base, Ah Huang was hesitating as it watched this surveillance video. After having human emotions, Ah Huang already had a certain level of thinking ability. Should he send this video to Xiaoxue?

“Ah Huang, delete it.” Xu Tui’s voice suddenly rang out.

“Alright… ”

“But I have memories…” Xu Tui did not hear the latter sentence.

In the cosmic tunnel, Xu Tui looked at the cosmic tunnel that was like an illusion and asked softly, “Little Six, is there a direction in the cosmic tunnel?”

“No, but you can find some references to set your own direction.”

Xu Tui was also extremely smart. He immediately reacted when Little Six reminded him. Due to the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace, he could sense the location of the Earth Origin Palace at all times. Then, he would use the location of the Earth Origin Palace of Ceres as a marker.

A minute later, Xu Tui used the direction of the Earth Origin Palace as a reference and started to advance in the cosmic tunnel away from the Earth Origin Palace.

However, there were shadows everywhere in the cosmic tunnel. They looked exactly the same. Xu Tui felt a headache after walking for a while.

“Little Six, if I want to discover the node of the cosmic tunnel, do I have to sense and search over it bit by bit?” Xu Tui asked.

“There should be cosmic tunnel nodes in places with traces of passage. Moreover, I have some cosmic tunnel nodes that I’ve passed through in the past. I’ll tell you if I encounter them,” Little Six said.

“Alright.” After flying quickly in the cosmic tunnel for an hour and a half, he was pleasantly surprised to discover the vortex shadow of a small universe. It looked very obvious. “Do you know it? Do you have a road pass?”

“No, I don’t.”

Xu Tui felt a little helpless when he heard Little Six’s answer. With his strength, he would not be able to forcefully break through the seal of the tunnel in the small universe. After flying for another half an hour, the sword light under his feet suddenly stopped. There were remnant traces of passage on the left in front of him.

He extended his mental perception and microscopic perception over at the same time and immediately made a discovery.

“Little Six, there’s a cosmic tunnel node here. Mark it first..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1