Chapter 1357 - 1357: Movement And Silence And Decision

Chapter 1357: Movement and Silence and Decision

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

What exactly was the main planet force field?

How exactly did it form?

Xu Tui had asked many people before. The answer Cai Shaochu gave was

comprehension. Once they comprehended it, a force field would appear. Everyone had a unique main planet force field.

This answer was very mythical.

Xu Tui went to ask Yin Liu and Yin Ba under him.

The answers of the two Planetary realm experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race were surprisingly the same. The Mechanical Spirit Race was constantly compressing the main planet. When it was compressed to the limit, it would form the gravitational field of the main planet. The Mechanical Spirit Race would then break through.

This main planet force field that looked like a gravitational field should have come from the current galactic power system. All celestial bodies, such as planets, had a gravitational field. This gravitational field could restrain their satellites and make them revolve around a specific force field.

This should be the most common main planet force field. Moreover, it was also the simplest way to break through to the planetary realm. Was this also the reason why the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Mechanical Spirit Race were relatively weak?

Diwu Hui of the Fission Race gave an answer regarding the main planet force field. As it continued to split, their force field was formed. This answer was not valuable. It was a little like a species talent.

Xu Tui asked Bu Qingqiu, who had just broken through to the Planetary realm, expectantly. He hoped to get an answer from Bu Qingqiu.

Bu Qingqiu’s answer was even more vague.

She had originally felt an inexplicable sense of restraint, but it was not obvious. It seemed to be able to trigger something. Before she could figure it out, the heavenly tribulation came when she arrived at Ceres. She broke through in a daze.

The force field was also completed. Her main planet force field was similar to a magnetic force field. When she instantiated supernatural abilities, she could mobilize the power of heaven and earth in a larger area. Moreover, the level of mobilization was deeper. Currently, it is still being explored.

“Little Six, can the heavenly tribulation help people quickly achieve the main planet force field and break through?” Xu Tui asked.

“It has such an effect, but it’s impossible for it to be born from nothing! Only by comprehending something and going through the heavenly tribulation can you achieve the force field. However, the force field formed by the heavenly tribulation could be considered to have borrowed external forces.

“If you want to break through to the Planetary realm, my personal suggestion is to completely comprehend the force field first, then use the power of the heavenly tribulation to refine the force field. In that case, you will be even stronger.”

After saying that, Little Six paused again. “In any case, those experts who achieved the Small Universe or even Transcendents walk such a path.”

Xu Tui was stunned. “Comprehension? How do I comprehend it? Is there any relevant experience?”

“That’s hard to say! Some people can comprehend while sitting on a mountain and looking at the water, some observe the stars, and some can also comprehend after traveling thousands of miles. It’s hard to say if someone can comprehend a force field between life and death after experiencing a huge battle,” Little Six said.

“How long will it take?”

“Well, some people can achieve it in a few days, while others still can’t achieve it for a hundred years. In terms of battle, some people could comprehend it in one battle, some people could obtain the results after thousands of battles, and some people died before they comprehend it,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui:

Xu Tui felt that asking Little Six a useless question was no different from not answering. However, Little Six then added.

“Overall, stillness depends more on comprehension and opportunities, motion also depends on comprehension and opportunities. However, you have to pay more attention to accumulation.”

Xu Tui thought for a while and roughly understood what Little Six meant.

Stillness, such as sitting on a mountain and looking at the water, watching the stars, and listening to the wind required more comprehension and opportunities. Without comprehension and opportunities, one would not be able to achieve anything in a hundred years. And motion, such as traveling or fighting, might have comprehension and opportunities faster. Even if one did not have comprehension and opportunities, they would eventually obtain something after a long time of accumulation.

These discussions seemed useless, but in reality, they gave Xu Tui a basic direction.

However, it was still very difficult. The reason for the difficulty was that Xu Tui used the mind power genetic ability chain as his main planet. No one had walked this path before. Then what was the main planet force field of using mind power?

There was no reference!

Xu Tui had to figure it out. He thought for a long time. During this period of time, he had communicated with Cai Shaochu many times. He basically had a clear path for his future cultivation.

Based on his current situation, if he could break through to the Planetary realm, his combat strength and cultivation would soar.

Xu Tui’s most important mission was to comprehend the main planet force field and break through to the Planetary realm. But it was difficult to comprehend. No matter what, he would only have a chance if he tried. If he did not try, he would never have a chance of success.

On Planet Peach, other than his daily cultivation, Xu Tui began to comprehend.

Just as Little Six had said, he would sit back, observing the mountains and waters. Perhaps, he would have a moment of inspiration and comprehend it. It was possible for the force field to be like a mountain or a river.

However, enlightenment was enlightenment!

On Planet Peach, Xu Tui chose an earth peak with mountains and rivers. Every day, after cultivating with An Xiaoxue, he would lie or sit at the top of the mountain and quietly observe the mountains and rivers.

To be honest, such a life was very comfortable at first.

Xu Tui had never had such a comfortable life since he came out of the Blue Star and stepped onto the moon.

It was too comfortable.

As he cultivated every day, the other genetic ability chains in his body could still continuously improve. It was worth mentioning that the reaction speed genetic chain that Xu Tui had been focusing on cultivating recently had failed again.

He had continuously strengthened his cultivation because he wanted to cultivate the abnormality from this genetic ability chain. Looking at the Huaxia Myths and even Western legends, any supernatural ability that involved time and space was extremely awesome, especially time.

If he could comprehend and develop the abnormality from this genetic ability chain, there was a high chance that it would be related to time.

Unfortunately, he failed!

After so long, Xu Tui felt that he had reached his limit. However, there were no related abnormalities. He could only give up. Other than that, Xu Tui also wanted to focus on the genetic ability chain of the quantum dimensional chain and see if he could develop any abnormality.

After all, it involved space.

However, what made Xu Tui helpless was that after working hard for a long time, the space brought about by his quantum dimensional chain had more than doubled. There was already a space about 20 meters long, wide, and tall.

The storage capacity was very large.

If it was expanded by one to two times, it might even be able to store a small battleship. Now, it could already store the Hunter fighter jet.

He could put as many drones as he wanted in it. However, the abnormality seemed to be far away. Xu Tui could only give up. Time and space were the two strongest things, but it was the most ditticult to develop the abnormality ot gods and demons.

Xu Tui turned around and continued to attack the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence. He gained something.

Previously, he had been constantly cultivating Spiritual Concealment. The other abilities of the School of Radiation Influence had also been strengthened. Recently, he had been constantly strengthening his cultivation of spiritual resonance. He had already developed a special physical feeling.

He felt that if he continued to cultivate his spiritual resonance, even if he obtained an abnormality, there was a high chance that it would only be a supportive ability. It would not be very helpful in battle.

However, it was always good to have one more item.

Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance had repeatedly worked. This time, he felt something strange in his heart after he cultivated his spiritual resonance.

Every time he cultivated, his heart would have a strange rhythm. It made Xu Tui feel that the activation of abnormality was not far away.

This wait took a month and a half.

In this month and a half, Ceres and Kono had entered a relatively stable state.

On the various planets on the Blue Star, the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary experts who were constantly breaking through had already begun to replenish the strength of the various planets, especially Planet Kono

and Ceres.

This gave the Blue Star an advantage. Both the Muyas and the Spiritual Race became very stable.

However, the Blue Star was also very stable.

Firstly, the Blue Star was in a period of rapid development. The Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realms that had just broken through were all in a period of rapid increase in strength.

If you let Blue have to attack the Water Origin Palace, they would not be able to withstand the losses.

On Xu Tui’s side, he had also made remarkable progress in the past month and a half. First, the self-destruction fortress of the second level of the cosmic node tunnel on Planet Peach had been completed. The construction of the outer fortress was still accelerating.

However, the basic defense of the cosmic node tunnel on Planet Peach was completed.

Secondly, the strength of the pioneer raiders had increased again. An Xiaoxue’s main planet had successfully condensed a first-level star halo. Although the star halo was very weak, it was already a huge improvement in her strength.

However, the greatest news was the appearance of a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Diwu Hui of the Fission Race was originally at the peak of the Three Satellites Planetary realm.

The last time he returned from Ceres Star, Xu Tui had rewarded him with a large number of Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals. He had cultivated for a month and a half and successfully broke through to the Four Satellites Planetary realm a few days ago.

Although the Planetary realm of the Fission Race was stronger than the Planetary realm of the Mechanical Spirit Race, their overall strength was still a little weaker than the Spiritual Race and the Muyas. They could barely withstand a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Other than that, Yin Ba had broken through to the Two Satellites Planetary realm.

It was worth mentioning that Yang Huai, a former member of the Worldly Special Force, had broken through to the quasi-planetary realm a few days ago. Luo Murong was also about to break through.

He estimated that after some time, Yin Liu would also be able to break through and become a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

One of the Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirits who had come from the main planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race had also successfully broken through to the quasi-planetary realm.

This way, the defense power of Planet Peach would increase exponentially.

Xu Tui’s other thoughts became more and more urgent.

He did not like silence!

He wanted to move!

He wanted to comprehend the main planet force field through movement.

Xu Tui had lost his patience as he quietly observed the moon. Currently, the power of the pioneer raiders has multiplied.

Half a month later, on the 2nd of June 2140, after Luo Murong and Yan Xuejin broke through to the quasi-planetary realm one after another, the number of Planetary realm experts in the Worldly Pioneer Raiders reached four and the number of quasi-planetary experts reached 16. Xu Tui finally made another important decision..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1