Chapter 1355 - 1355: Continuous Breakthroughs

Chapter 1355: Continuous Breakthroughs

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Cai Shaochu happened to pass by the Fire Origin Palace when he was bringing Xu Tui, Yin Liu, Diwu Hui, Pei Tiefeng, An Xiaoxue, and the others to the Earth Origin Palace.

Above the Fire Origin Palace, Chi Jing of the Spiritual Race was looking down into the distance. When he saw Cai Shaochu and the others pass by, he cupped his hands at Cai Shaochu from afar.

“Brother Cai, are you convinced by this round?”

“It takes one to know one. You lost the Earth Origin Palace, and we lost the Water Origin Palace. It’s alright,” Cai Shaochu replied calmly.

“Haha.” Chi Jing chuckled. “Brother Cai, consider my previous suggestion. Join our Spiritual Race. You are similar to our Spiritual Race. You will not become our vassals like the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Dissimilate Clan. I guarantee that the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star Human Race will only live a better life than now.”

“What about ordinary people?”

“An ant should have the resolve of an ant.” Chi Jing did not answer directly, but the meaning was very clear.

“We have different paths and can’t work together! We can only fight!” Cai

Shaochu cupped his hands and led everyone to quickly fly towards the Earth Origin Palace. Looking at Cai Shaochu’s back as he left, Chi Jing sighed at Feng Gu beside him.

“This Cai Shaochu is a talent. If I can recruit him, he will be of help to me when I advance to become a hall elder in the future. What a pity. Stubborn!” Chi Jing said.

Feng Gu also nodded. “Sir, it’s also because the Blue Star humans are not knowledgeable. I’m afraid they don’t know what they will face next!”

Hearing this, Chi Jing nodded. “Let’s go. The solar system is about to completely recover. We have to hurry up and prepare.”

Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui did not manage to enter the Earth Origin Palace.

In this hour, perhaps it was because of the arrival of the other sectors or perhaps it was because of the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, but the Earth Origin Palace had already formed a preliminary defense.

In particular, a faint light screen defensive field had already risen at the entrance of the Earth Origin Palace. This force field was very weak and could only serve as a warning. However, it was much better than the Water Origin palace.

This was created by the Lord of Myths, Ullr, who had refined 30% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power.

After refining 30% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, could already mobilize the Earth Origin Palace’s origin force field. However, the power he could mobilize and control was very limited.

This made Cai Shaochu frown. He could not help but look at Xu Tui. This was because the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, and the others had already regarded the Earth Origin Palace as theirs.

Xu Tui also understood what Cai Shaochu meant.

Cai Shaochu had come over because he wanted to preside over the control of the Earth Origin Palace. His opinion was very simple. Xu Tui would definitely be in charge.

Xu Tui had refined 70% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power. His control over the Earth Origin Palace’s origin force field was almost complete. He could completely mobilize the Earth Origin Palace’s force field to defend and attack.

As long as Xu Tui was in the Earth Origin Palace, the enemy would not be able to launch a surprise attack on the Earth Origin Palace like they did on the Water Origin Palace.

For example, outside the cosmic tunnel, as long as Xu Tui controlled the origin power to raise an Origin Force Field Defense Screen, coupled with the warning, he would be able to stop a large number of Planetary realm powerhouses from sneaking over from the cosmic tunnel.

It was the same at the entrance.

As long as Xu Tui was around, it would be impossible for Chi Jing of the

Spiritual Race to enter and leave the Earth Origin Palace as they pleased.

Basically, as long as Xu Tui was in the Earth Origin Palace, the Earth Origin Palace would become a solid fortress for the Blue Star humans.

However, the current situation made Cai Shaochu’s expression turn ugly.

Things would not go smoothly. This was especially so after losing the Water Origin Palace. Haren, Itavi, and the others retreated to the Earth Origin Palace.

These people retreated to defend the Earth Origin Palace. The meaning was actually very clear. They planned to treat the Earth Origin Palace as their new garrison and cooperate with the Lord of The Myths.

After the report, Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui were able to enter the Earth Origin Palace. The moment they stepped into the Earth Origin Palace, an indescribable sense of familiarity instantly surged toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s mental perception instantly spread to every corner of the Earth Origin

Palace.

Xu Tui, who had grasped 70% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power, had an increment in his mind power, with no suppressions anymore. Moreover, he felt that the Earth Origin Palace’s origin force field was like his arm. As long as he withdrew his thoughts, he could mobilize the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power.

Xu Tui vaguely felt that he had an indescribably mysterious connection with the small mountain in the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace. Under this mysterious connection fluctuation, his Earth Body also became restless. He was so shocked that he quickly cut off the connection.

From afar, Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu saw the crowd gathered in the main hall.

Haren, Itavi, Huang Gu, and the others were gathered with the Lord of Myths, Ullr, to divide the territory in the Earth Origin Palace.

It was impossible for everyone to live together. Each family had to be divided into a few halls. This scene made Xu Tui frown. Suddenly, Xu Tui no longer wanted the Earth Origin Palace. At this moment, he could control the Earth Origin Palace by refining 70% of its origin power. But what about after he controlled it?

Haren, Itavi, and Huang Gu would definitely continue to live in the Earth

Origin Palace. They would never go to the Wood Origin Palace controlled by Cai Shaochu. If Xu Tui stayed in the Earth Origin Palace, he would have to face old coins like Haren, Itavi, and Huang Gu every day.

At that time, he would not even dare to sleep, let alone sleep soundly.

A bunch of old coins with ill intentions might stab Xu Tui in the back at any time. Why did Xu Tui need the Earth Origin Palace? To guard the door for these old coins? Was it possible to chase this group of old coins out of the Earth Origin Palace?

That was absolutely impossible!

Xu Tui instantly made a decision. He quickly sent a mental voice transmission to Cai Shaochu before he stepped into the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace.

“Principal, I don’t want to control the Earth Origin Palace now. Controlling the Earth Origin Palace now will do me no good. I will definitely die of lack of sleep if I live in the same place as Haren, Itavi, and the others,” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu stopped in his tracks and glanced at Xu Tui. “Then what do you think?”

“I don’t want to stay here. I want to return to my nest. This place will only become a doorkeeper for them. Moreover, if I was outside and something happened to Ceres, I could quickly come to help through the cosmic tunnel. However, if I am here, it will only restrain me.” Xu Tui had already made his decision.

After a moment of silence, Cai Shaochu nodded gently and changed his mind.

He understood Xu Tui’s difficulties. Not to mention Xu Tui, even he would have

to split half of his effort to guard against this group of people if he stayed with

Haren and Itavi.

With this decision, the rest was easy.

“Principal Cai, how’s the pursuit of the Great Xi Clan going?” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, quickly asked when he saw Cai Shaochu return.

“We did kill three Planetary realm experts from the Great Xi Clan, but their main force escaped.”

Xu Tui was stunned when he heard that. The principal did not pant when he lied to trick people. This trap was too brilliant.

Günter had been killed, and he was also in the Planetary realm.

The main force had escaped, and indeed, some had escaped.

After Ullr asked, they entered the stage of almost tearing each other apart.

Haren, Itavi, and the others blamed Cai Shaochu for chasing after the Great Xi Clan and leaving Ceres Star, causing the Water Origin Palace to be lost.

Everyone scolded him. Cai Shaochu also scolded them.

This was almost the standard after the battle on the Blue Star.

In the past, when the decision-making level on the Blue Star was the Genetic Committee of the various sectors, the situation was actually much better than now. Even if Nilab and Maiponeo were a little shameless, the basic political rules still had to be followed. They had a basic perspective of the big picture.

However, in recent years, the center of power, or rather, the center of influence, had slowly shifted to the top Planetary realm powerhouses of the various alliances.

Especially after capturing Planet Kono and Ceres, the right to speak of Planetary realm powerhouses became more and more important. The power of the various sectors had imperceptibly shifted to the top Planetary realm powerhouses.

However, the problem was obvious.

Many times, the top Planetary realm powerhouses of the various sectors paid more attention to their own interests and were more selfish. This caused the internal strife on the Blue Star to be even more serious than before.

This time, Augusto, Haren, and Itavi were seriously injured in internal strife in order to fight for control of the Water Origin Palace. It was a landmark event that the Muyas succeeded in their attack.

Xu Tui suddenly felt a little annoyed when he saw these people scolding him.

This atmosphere was too bad!

Xu Tui suddenly wondered if the atmosphere of internal strife on the Blue Star would improve drastically if he killed the selfish old coins like Haren and Itavi.

Actually, Xu Tui really wanted to kill these old coins if he had the chance.

Big picture? Xu Tui felt that the overall situation of the Blue Star might be better without these old coins.

Fifteen minutes later, Cai Shaochu left with Xu Tui and the others.

In the Wood Origin Palace, Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu communicated for a short time before he brought his people into the cosmic tunnel from the Wood Origin

Palace and returned to Planet Peach.

This time, Xu Tui’s main goal was to promote the method of refining the Muyas into Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals. He also wanted to popularize the cosmic tunnel. He had already achieved his goal. There was no point in staying on Ceres Star.

It just so happened that he had killed many Muya experts this time. Xu Tui had obtained a total of a few hundred grams of Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals. He would return to Planet Peach to digest them and increase his strength.

He had to make good preparations for the defense of Planet Peach. The Karsnai asteroid in the American Sector was a lesson for Planet Peach. However, Xu Tui was slightly stunned the moment he entered Planet Peach through the cosmic tunnel.

In his mental perception, there seemed to be an extremely strong power fluctuation in the direction of the main base.

Xu Tui had left a Spiritual Magnetic Marker at the Peach Base, so he could still

sense it from so far away. However, it should not be dangerous. If there was danger, Qu Qingshan, who was staying behind, would ask for help.

Xu Tui was elated when he saw Yan Lie floating in the air.

Zhao Hailong had broken through! He had broken through to the quasi-planetary realm!

While he was waiting for Zhai Hailong to complete his breakthrough, another terrifying aura suddenly soared into the sky behind Xu Tui. Xu Tui turned around and saw Lavis slowly floating up. An energy tornado condensed around his body.

Lavis also broke through!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1