Chapter 1356 - 1356: Main Planet Force Field

Chapter 1356: main planet Force Field

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Zhao Hailong breaking through to the quasi-planetary realm instantly made Xu Tui feel very good. With the current strength of the pioneer raiders, the essence of their strength would not change much if they added another quasi-planet.

However, Zhao Hailong’s breakthrough meant that the old members of the Worldly Special Force were not far from breaking through.

If Zhao Hailong broke through, Yang Huai, Luo Murong, Li Zheng, and the others would not be far away. Under such high cultivation conditions, it would not be long before Yan Xuejin, Mu Xingluan, Cui Xi, Dai Lijun, Miao Huanshan, and the others broke through one after another.

It was fine if there was an additional quasi-planet, but an additional 10 quasi-planets was a powerful force.

This was especially so for these quasi-planets. They had all been cultivated under Xu Tui’s meticulous guidance. It was very likely that they would activate a super powerful abnormality in the future.

It was extremely difficult for others to activate the abnormality. However, Xu Tui’s extremely powerful microscopic perception and introspection could give them directions. Even if they could not activate the abnormality, it could greatly enhance one of their supernatural abilities.

As for cultivation resources, Planet Peach did not lack them.

With the enhancement of the Three-Talents Energy Gathering Formation, the concentration of energy above 10.7 was five times the cultivation efficiency of other planets. Not to mention that Yanzi had been constantly improving the Three-Talents Energy Gathering Formation recently.

As for Lavis’ breakthrough, it was expected.

Xu Tui had expected this when he rewarded him with Günter’s corpse. However, he did not expect Lavis to be even stronger than he had imagined, especially in terms of defense. The main reason for Lavis’ continuous breakthrough was that he had refined the corpses of the two Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan.

The current situation was that Lavis had successfully broken through and become a One Satellite Planetary realm powerhouse, and his strength was about that of a late-stage One Satellite Planetary realm powerhouse.

However, the strength of his body was close to that of the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan.

Xu Tui got the broken-through Lavis to fight Diwu Hui.

The result stunned him.

With the strength of a peak Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Diwu

Hui could not take down Lavis in a short period of time. It was mainly because Lavis’ physical body was too strong. He was like a meat shield and was extremely resistant to beatings.

Diwu Hui’s ordinary attacks were like scratching an itch. He had to attack with all his might to barely injure him.

Thirty-two minutes.

Lavis, who had just broken through for half a day, actually lasted 32 minutes under the full-powered attack of the peak Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Diwu Hui. Even so, it was because he did not want to cause serious injuries. If he did not care about the injuries, Lavis could still last for another 20 minutes.

Of course, he could only withstand it. Lavis’ own output was still very weak. It basically could not threaten Diwu Hui. However, this was also very good.

As the Diwu Hui of the Fission Race, his overall strength was much stronger than the Planetary realm of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

This meant that Lavis could at least withstand the attacks of a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. At the critical moment, it would not be a problem to withstand the attacks of a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. If he was properly armed, this fellow would still be very useful.

He could resist the beatings!

Whether it was Zhao Hailong’s breakthrough or Lavis’s breakthrough, they had injected stimulants into all the members of the pioneer raiders.

Xu Tui distributed a large number of cultivation resources at the right time. This was especially so for the purified Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals. They were used for cultivation. The cultivation effects were a little faster than Origin Crystals.

Cultivating with Origin Crystals was to increase one’s cultivation by strengthening the genetic chain with Origin Crystals. However, the power in the Origin Crystal needed to be guided.

When cultivating with the power of the Blood Crystal and the Soul Crystal, it also required guidance. However, after the power in the Soul Crystal entered the body, it would naturally be absorbed by the genetic ability chain related to mind power. It would be used to strengthen the genetic ability chain related to mind power. The effect was extremely good.

It could be said that Soul Crystals were a blessing for Supernatural Branch cultivators.

Of course, Xu Tui’s cultivation resources were not given out for free. Instead, it was a focused choice. Most of them were still cultivating in the Three-Talents Energy Gathering Formation on Planet Peach. Most people would not cherish things that were too easy to obtain.

Currently, the blood crystals and soul crystals were mainly used by Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Wen Shao, Qu Qingshan, Bu Qingqiu, and the others who had participated in the battle with him. They quickly increased their cultivation.

Especially Bu Qingqiu. After breaking through, the abilities of the School of

General Senses became very powerful. She could fight on par with Diwu Hui.

Xu Tui highly suspected that Bu Qingqiu would be able to fight a Three

Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse from the Spiritual Race or the Muyas.

But now, she had just broken through. If she quickly cultivated and accumulated energy to reach the peak of One Satellite Planetary realm, Bu

Qingqiu could even be used as a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui did not stay idle either. The first thing was to plan the defense system of the cosmic tunnel nodes on Planet Peach. He had to re-plan.

The encounter on Karsnai asteroid and Ceres made Xu Tui realize that the node of the cosmic tunnel was not something that a defensive fortress that could hurt a Planetary realm powerhouse could defend against.

For example, the Muyas, including the Blue Star humans, usually had the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse leading their teams when they explored the cosmic tunnel. Furthermore, it was definitely impossible for only one or two Planetary realm powerhouses to take action.

In that case, the previous defensive fortress system on Planet Peach was in the wrong direction. The focus should not be on defense, but on warning and buying time.

The strength of the pioneer raiders was limited. When the main force was not on Planet Peach, and an external enemy barged in, the cultivators and resources on Planet Peach should evacuate immediately.

The defensive fortress at the node of the cosmic tunnel was used to buy time.

Under Ah Huang’s redesign, three fortresses were designed at the node of the cosmic tunnel. The first was the inner fortress. This level was mainly for warning and self-destruction.

If the person who entered could not give the correct password and pass the authentication, the inner fortress would immediately activate the self-destruction program.

However, considering the reaction speed and movement speed of a Planetary realm powerhouse, the self-destruction program in the inner fortress was only bait. The real self-destruction program was placed in the second level of the fortress behind the inner fortress.

The second level of the fortress had been specially designed to reflect the explosive energy again. It was most likely to strengthen the explosive power of the three-phase thermal explosion.

At the same time that the self-destruction program was activated in the inner fortress, the second level of the fortress would also activate the self-destruction program.

Then there was the third level, the outer fortress.

The outer fortress was mainly interference. There were energy force field jammers, poisonous gas, a maze-like terrain, and a tunnel wall made of shielding materials. Even if Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses came to challenge, they would be able to buy about a minute.

Including the distance, even if the enemy knew the direction of the base, it would still take three minutes for Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses to rush over. This way, they would have at least four minutes to retreat. As long as there was a plan, it was enough to evacuate all the personnel and main resources to Planet Liuxia.

However, this design increased the engineering volume by more than 20 times.

Fortunately, in terms of construction materials, Xu Tui’s planets had already built many fully automatic production lines. The production cost was not high. Otherwise, this fortress alone would have bankrupted Xu Tui.

Xu Tui cultivated diligently as he guarded Planet Peach.

In Cai Shaochu’s words, a quasi-planetary realm was just a step . Only the Planetary realm was the true evolution of life. Therefore, he had to break through to the Planetary realm as soon as possible. Why was the Planetary realm the true evolution of life?

Cai Shaochu gave Xu Tui an example.

In terms of vital points, more than 90% of quasi-planets had two vital points. One was their heads, and the other was their hearts.

There was only one vital point of the Planetary realm. And that was the head. It could even be said that there was a main planet in the head that could only be cultivated. As long as the main planet was alive, it could be recovered.

It was just like the battle on Ceres. Haren’s heart had been dug out, and Ruan Tianzuo’s heart had been blasted open by Xu Tui’s Mountain Sword. However, these two people were only injured. After that, they were still alive and kicking.

After that, they continued to fight.

This was the difference in the level of life. If it were an ordinary quasi-planet, they might have already died.

Cai Shaochu did not instruct Xu Tui much when he left Ceres Star. He only instructed him to complete his accumulation as soon as possible and break through from the quasi-planetary realm.

Everything else could be delayed. However, he could not be too anxious about breaking through to the Planetary realm.

Xu Tui suddenly relaxed after he returned to Planet Peach. He also suddenly realized that there was no need to be too anxious. For example, what Little Six had said about searching for small universes, especially those important small universes.

Strength was the most important. If he did not have the strength, so what if he found them? Therefore, while they were reorganizing the defense system of Planet Peach, Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, and the others also began to cultivate.

If he wanted to break through to the Planetary realm, the first factor was to complete the accumulation of power. This accumulation was the accumulation of the power of the main planet. It was to cultivate the first star halo on the main planet. When the main planet had the first star halo, it meant that they had accumulated enough power.

Xu Tui had specially seen the main planets of An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, and the others.

An Xiaoxue did not have any star halos on the main planet after she broke through to the quasi-planetary realm.

However, her cultivation had improved at lightning speed recently, especially after she used the Blood Crystal and the Soul Crystal.

There was already a faint glow of starlight on the main planet. If she continued to cultivate with the Blood Crystal and Soul Crystal, it would not be long before her main planet cultivation would reach the first level of the star halo.

The problem was that Xu Tui’s main planet had five star halos the moment he broke through because his foundation was extremely solid. In other words, the first step to breaking through to the Planetary realm had been achieved.

According to Cai Shaochu, the second step of breaking through to the Planetary realm was to cultivate the other genetic ability chain to the point where it could condense into a star.

Xu Tui had also fulfilled this condition.

There was more than one. There were several genetic ability chains in his body that had all been cultivated to the point of condensing into a star. For example, the mental whip genetic ability chain, the Mountain Formula, the Stab Formula, the Spiritual Concealment, the Water Explosion Technique, and so on.

Any genetic ability chain that could activate the abnormality had reached the point where it could condense into a star. However, it was useless. Xu Tui had even tried to condense the genetic ability chain of the mental whip into a star. It had been condensed into a prototype and had not been completely condensed.

However, he did not feel that he was about to break through to the Planetary realm. This involved the third step of breaking through to the Planetary realm that Cai Shaochu mentioned. It was also the most important step.

Forming its own main planet force field!

Only by forming its own main planet force field could the main planet effectively restrain the newly forged satellites. A planet and a satellite were the characteristics of Planetary realm powerhouses.

Only then could the main planet and the satellite complement each other.

But the problem came. Cai Shaochu’s explanation was that the main planet force field needed to be comprehended. Everyone’s main planet force field was different.

Even if the main planet had the same nature, the main planet force field was different.

According to Little Six, one could comprehend the main planet force field and also rely on the heavenly tribulation to achieve mastery.

Xu Tui was a little confused..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1