Chapter 1353 - 1353: Earth Body

Chapter 1353: Earth Body

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the cosmic tunnel, Xu Tui followed Little Six’s instructions and activated 20% of the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace in his body. He continuously attracted the origin power that had no owner after Günter died. Then, he activated his mind power and quickly refined it.

At the side, Cai Shaochu finally looked relieved. He had finally gained something from his consecutive plans and battles today. The gains had even landed in his family’s pockets.

Little Six also became smug in Xu Tui’s mind. “Look, I’m right, right? You’re lucky that you listened to me. If you were a little later, I’m afraid you wouldn’t have been able to get this.”

“Yes, well done.” Xu Tui praised Little Six moderately.

Previously, after Günter had escaped with his injuries in the Earth Origin Palace, Little Six had immediately given Xu Tui a suggestion to chase after him immediately. If he could kill Günter in the cosmic tunnel, it would be greatly beneficial.

The timing was fleeting. Little Six made it sound very simple. However, Xu Tui chose to believe Little Six and contacted Cai Shaochu to chase after him.

However, Little Six quickly told Xu Tui about the situation while he was chasing after him. The origin power of the four Origin Palaces of Ceres had the characteristic of returning without an owner.

This was something that could not be stopped even if it was billions of miles away. Moreover, the time to return was very short. The distance could only increase the time by a little.

It was no exception in the cosmic tunnel.

Even if it became ownerless in the cosmic tunnel, the origin power of the four Origin Palaces would return within a certain period of time.

However, when the origin power of the four Origin Palaces became ownerless in the cosmic tunnel, there would be two characteristics.

The first characteristic was that under such circumstances, when the origin power of the four Origin Palaces became ownerless in the universe, due to the special nature of the cosmic tunnel, the origin power needed to trace the location of the origin spacetime. The speed of return would slow down, especially at the beginning.

It was just like how it had looked when he first captured the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace. It was circling around and looking for a way back.

However, this characteristic alone was not enough. The return of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power was instinctive and essential. No power could trap it. Only the second characteristic could affect it.

The second characteristic was that it was attracted by the same source. If the ownerless origin power of the four Origin Palaces encountered a power of the same origin in the cosmic tunnel, they would be mistaken for a place of return.

It was just like Xu Tui now. He was constantly shaking the 20% of the Earth Origin Power in his body. It made the ownerless origin power think that Xu Tui’s side was its return.

Of course, this was only to postpone its return.

However, during this pause, Xu Tui could keep it and quickly refine it. He had to have both of these characteristics. He could not lack either. Otherwise, no matter how strong his mind power was, it would not be able to trap the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace.

During the refinement process, just like before, the moment the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace entered his body, it caused Xu Tui’s foot to tremble.

Previously, he had refined 20% of the Earth Origin Power of the Earth Origin Palace. It had only allowed Xu Tui’s Earth Feet to reach his knee.

And now, it was rapidly spreading to his thigh.

By the time he refined another 20%, his Earth’s Feet had already spread to his waist.

Xu Tui could no longer suppress the manifestation of the Earth’s Feet. His lower body began to expand rapidly. It instantly doubled in size. Only his lower body was huge, and his upper body was small. It looked very strange.

The other members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had already caught up. At this moment, they were on guard. Even though they had already seen Xu Tui’s various abnormalities, they were still very shocked when they saw the changes on his body.

Cai Shaochu narrowed his eyes. While he was healing himself, he observed the changes in Xu Tui’s aura.

In the ancient myths of Huaxia, the four forces should be Earth, Water, Wind, and Fire.

But the four origin palaces of Ceres were earth, water, fire, and wood. This was a very strange point.

Xu Tui was affected by the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace. His abnormality was rapidly being strengthened, or rather, it was evolving. In that case, if the other abnormalities found the corresponding power of the four Origin Palaces, would they be able to obtain the corresponding strengthening?

However, all of this still required time to verify.

As he thought, helplessness appeared in Cai Shaochu’s eyes. In the eyes of the world, he, Cai Shaochu, and the group of people around him were the top existences in the world. They knew everything.

However, only when they reached their position did they realize that they did not know anything.

In the universe, he was more like a newborn. He carefully explored and searched. Every time he gained something, he had exchanged blood for it.

Günter had 100% control over the Origin Power of the Earth Origin Palace. However, in order to strengthen the defense of the Earth Origin Palace during the attack, Günter had given 40% of the origin power to his subordinates.

So only 60% of the origin power was left in Günter’s body.

In the battle of the Earth Origin Palace, Günter had used the origin power to receive Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword. Then, he had been ambushed by the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, and lost his right arm.

Due to the vibration of the origin power, there was a small portion of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power in that right arm. About 10% of it had been taken away by the Lord of Myths, Ullr. Therefore, the origin power that Xu Tui had obtained from Günter accounted for 50% of the origin power in the Earth Origin Palace.

Including the 20% that he had refined previously, it was a total of 70%.

Xu Tui alone occupied 70% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power. 70% of

the origin power allowed Xu Tui’s abnormality to mutate all the way to his neck. He was now 20 feet tall in the cosmic tunnel. Even under Xu Tui’s suppression, he felt that his size would increase exponentially if he activated the power of the Earth’s Feet again.

The only awkward thing was that it was incongruous and extremely ugly. There was a small head on his huge body that was more than six meters tall and two meters wide.

It was really…

However, as Xu Tui finished refining the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace, the power of the Earth’s Feet that had been boiling also began to calm down.

Xu Tui slowly returned to the size of a normal person. However, his combat uniform was basically useless. But then again, he basically did not need a combat uniform anymore. This was especially so for Xu Tui. He realized that the strengthening of the Earth’s Feet had not only strengthened his abnormality, but it had also strengthened his body to a certain extent.

Moreover, this strengthening was still ongoing.

This was especially so for his feet, which were the first to start. His body already felt like iron.

Xu Tui could not help but look down.

“What’s the name of your abnormality?” Cai Shaochu came over to ask when he saw that Xu Tui had finished refining.

“Principal, it’s called the Earth’s Feet.”

“Is it still the Earth’s Feet now? I think it should be called the Earth Body.” Cai Shaochu smiled and said, “By the way, what are the enhancements to your abilities?”

“Previously, it probably enhanced the power of all the earth-element instantiation abilities, such as the Mountain Formula and Stab Formula, by at least 50%. But I don’t know about the enhancement now,” Xu Tui said.

“Try it!”

“Okay!” Xu Tui nodded. He activated his mind power and his entire body instantly expanded explosively. This time, it instantly increased to 30 feet tall. With a move of his mind power, a small mountain instantly materialized and floated in the air, motionless.

“How’s its power?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“Principal, it’s a little strange! I feel that my Earth Body is at least twice as strong as before. However, the enhancement to my earth-element abilities that I instantiated is very limited. It’s less than double. It’s not even double.”

“Double the enhancement is already not bad. Don’t be too greedy! However, since your abnormality can spread throughout your body, it should be one of the extremely powerful abnormalities. Furthermore, it might not only increase your earth-element abilities,” Cai Shaochu said.

“It’s not just an increase in earth-element abilities? Principal, I don’t understand.” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“Then the fact that your body has expanded to this extent is actually another supernatural ability. After you’re done, carefully comprehend the changes. I think you should be able to gain something, ” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. “Principal, I have this feeling. I feel that I can contact something when I transform into the complete state of the Earth Body, but I can’t. What do I feel is missing here?”

“What’s missing?” Cai Shaochu revealed a pleasantly surprised expression. “It might be because of the cosmic tunnel! It looks like your abnormality should be very strong. We have to explore it carefully.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui put away his Earth Body and became a normal person again. Fortunately, he had many combat uniforms in his quantum dimensional chain. Otherwise, it would have been awkward.

Xu Tui felt that he had to study this super elastic combat uniform in the future. Otherwise, he would probably have to wear clothes in the form of a wrap in the future.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of a possibility. Could this be the reason why monks liked to wear monastic robes in the Dast? How convenient was it to iust wraD themselves in just one big cloth!

“Xu Tui, this benefit I gave you is not bad, right?” Little Six’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind.

“Not bad.”

“Then why don’t you give me a reward?” Little Six was eager to try.

“What reward do you want? What reward can you want?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“I want freedom! In the future, suppress me less. I want to be free. Even if I have to communicate and chat with Ah Huang, it’s not bad.”

Xu Tui was very surprised by Little Six’s request. Was this fellow suffering from a lonely illness?

“No problem.” At the same time that Xu Tui happily agreed, Lavis’ voice came from beside him. “Sir, can you reward me with Günter’s corpse?”

Xu Tui was stunned. It was another reward.

“Sir, I want to refine Günter. If I refine Günter, I have a high chance of breaking through to the Planetary realm. My abilities might even increase greatly.” After he finished speaking, Lavis looked at Xu Tui eagerly. His eyes were filled with anticipation..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1