Chapter 1359 - 1359: The Plan To Take The Initiative

Chapter 1359: The Plan to Take the Initiative

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There were residual traces of passage, which meant that someone had passed through the node of this cosmic passageway.

But who?

It was impossible to determine how many people passed through just based on the traces.

Actually, this was also the reason why he could only come out after staying on Planet Peach for more than two months after returning from Ceres, when the members of the pioneer raiders kept breaking through and the defense system of the cosmic tunnel was basically perfected.

In the cosmic tunnel, anyone who walked past would leave a mark.

The fading of this mark was very slow. Currently, according to Xu Tui’s observation of the traces of passage at the entrance of the cosmic tunnel on Planet Peach, the time it took for it to completely weaken and disappear was five days.

At this speed, it meant that if someone passed through a cosmic tunnel node, it would take five days to naturally eliminate it.

According to Little Six. the soeed at which the traces disaDDeared at the node of the cosmic tunnel was closely related to the strength of the individual’s cultivation aura.

However, there was a lack of data research in this area.

Based on this judgment, someone had passed through the cosmic tunnel node in front of him within five days.

Who could it be?

After Little Six made the road sign, Xu Tui carefully lifted the Vajra Set and passed through. The moment he passed through, Xu Tui’s mental perception saw that it was a fortress. According to the architectural style and construction materials, it was extremely Blue Star Style. Furthermore, it was in the construction stage.

The moment Xu Tui appeared, the alarm rang.

Xu Tui instantly teleported out of the fortress before the technological arms were activated and were about to lock onto him. Ever since he had comprehended the black eye in his left eye, Xu Tui had become more and more proficient in teleportation.

It was not just within his line of sight. He could also teleport within the range of his mental perception. He could even move blindly in one direction in a state of emergency.

Currently, the distance of a single teleportation was only about ten kilometers within the range of his mental perception. Teleportation consumed very, very little of his energy. With his current mind power, he could teleport more than ten thousand times.

A single teleportation distance of 100 kilometers was a critical point.

Teleporting within a 100 -kilometer radius consumed about 5% of Xu Tui’s mind power. At his peak, he could teleport about 200 times. Once the distance exceeded 100 kilometers, the consumption of mind power would increase exponentially.

Xu Tui had tried the furthest teleportation distance in the sky. It was about 400 kilometers. That time, he had consumed 8% of his mind power. It was a huge consumption.

As for now, he had teleported three times in a second just now. He was 30 kilometers away from the temporary fortress and had escaped the lock of the technological weapons. However, the alarm in the temporary fortress was still screaming.

Xu Tui quickly moved in the sky to avoid being locked onto by technological arms. At the same time, he observed the situation in the cosmic tunnel node fortress on this planet. He could only determine that this planet belonged to the Blue Star from the style of the fortress and the appearance of the work robot. He could not determine which side it belonged to.

Thirty seconds later, five figures suddenly rushed out from a corner of the fortress and searched in Xu Tui’s direction.

Xu Tui slowly floated in the air when he saw these people searching for him. He looked at these people and determined their identities first.

The moment they discovered Xu Tui, the five people opposite him heaved a sigh of relief. One of the leaders said, “Tell Mr. Kitawan that the invader has been found. It’s a quasi-planetary. We’ve already surrounded him. The other party’s identity is unknown, but it’s very likely that he’s a Blue Star human.”

That voice and tone, including the name ‘Kitawan’, immediately made Xu Tui react. The India Sector, a planet with a cosmic tunnel node, belonged to the India Sector.

Xu Tui was very familiar with the name Kitawan. Itavi’s disciple was not an ordinary student. He was a true successor. Itavi only had three such disciples, and Kitawan was ranked second.

“No matter where you are from, surrender if you want to live,” the leader of the quasi-planets slowly surrounded Xu Tui and said to him with the other four people.

Xu Tui let out a cold laugh. “I’ll ask and you’ll answer. Be obedient and I’ll give you a way out.”

Xu Tui’s words made the five people opposite him look at Xu Tui and laugh out loud. They looked at Xu Tui as if he was a lunatic. They had three quasi-planetary experts and two Transmutation Realm experts. They could even deal with a Planetary realm expert, let alone a quasi-planetary expert.

Did water enter the brain of the guy in front of him?

Actually, Xu Tui was hesitating. He had been hesitating if he should be merciless. If Itavi was here, he would definitely try to kill this old thief. But these people…

However, when he saw these people, Xu Tui suddenly understood the meaning of another word—the benevolence of a woman.

There was no need for him and Itavi to fight to the death.

In the next moment, his mind power fluctuated slightly. The moment the five people on the other side noticed that Xu Tui was about to attack, four of the five people on the other side fell from the sky to the ground like dumplings.

The two Transmutation Realm experts spat out blood on the spot. Their heads exploded and they died.

The mental hammer that Xu Tui had condensed, even if it was only 5% of his mind power, was not something they could withstand.

The hammer exploded their heads.

The other two quasi-planets also spat out blood from their seven orifices and fainted on the spot. They fell from the sky and plummeted hundreds of meters into the ground. Without any protection, they had already turned into meat paste.

They could not be more dead.

However, Xu Tui could sense very clearly that one of the quasi-planets had been killed by the mental hammer. The other supernatural being had not been killed by the explosion. He had fallen to his death.

At the scene, only the quasi-planetary leader of the India Sector was left. He was dumbfounded and could not even speak properly.

Was this a f*cking quasi-planet? Even the Planetary realm was not that powerful, okay?

“Who… Who are you? Don’t… Come over. I’m the grand-disciple of Guru Itavi. If you dare to touch me, he will…’

Xu Tui could not be bothered to waste his breath on this guy. While this guy was in extreme fear, he activated Spiritual Concealment, spiritual resonance, and spiritual radiation at the same time and used advanced hypnosis. In less than a minute, Xu Tui obtained the information he wanted from this guy.

This was a planet that the India Sector had obtained after the Blue Star captured Planet Kono. The resources were relatively good, but the environment was a little harsh and had higher requirements for immigration.

Therefore, the development progress was relatively slow.

However, two months ago, the India Sector discovered a cosmic tunnel node on this asteroid. Only then did they hurry up and develop it.

The node of the cosmic tunnel was very dangerous, but he had to master it. If you did not master the node of the cosmic tunnel, you would not even have the right to enter it. In such an important place, as the strongest person in the India Sector, Itavi had already begun to taint power. Naturally, he immediately grasped it.

He had sent his second disciple, Kitawan, to personally guard this planet.

It was worth mentioning that Kitawan was originally only a quasi-planetary. However, after Xu Tui unsealed the Origin Domain space last time, which was changed on Planet Kono, he quickly broke through to the Planetary realm. Moreover, as Itavi’s disciple, his combat strength was very strong even if he was only a One Satellite Planetary realm.

After listening, Xu Tui looked at the controlled quasi-planet. His gaze gradually became determined.

How would the Blue Star go in the future? How would Xu Tui deal with the internal strife in the Blue Star?

Xu Tui thought about this question for a long time.

In the past, he thought that he could just go with the flow. However, Xu Tui’s thoughts had changed after he unsealed the origin domain space and obtained a lot of secrets from Little Six, as well as what might happen in the future.

This was especially so for the battle of Ceres Star. Xu Tui had personally experienced the internal strife on the Blue Star.

Was the Blue Star weak?

NO!

However, a third or even half of the Blue Star’s strength was used for internal strife and mutual defense. Only the Huaxia Sector was better. The rest, such as India, and Europe, was unbearable to see.

The loss of the Water Origin Palace was the most serious consequence of internal strife. Even Xu Tui’s reinforcements had almost been killed by Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and Haren.

Xu Tui’s attitude had completely changed from that moment on. He did not want such a useless teammate. Not only could he not want it, but he also had to get rid of it.

In the future, the Blue Star would only have a chance of winning this race war or the battle of the Great Dao if they reduced the internal strife.

That’s right. From what the Blue Star people knew, they believed that it was a war with the Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Clan, the Muyas, a race war.

However, Little Six’s explanation had always been very firm—the battle for the Great Dao.

Currently, all the disputes, be it the Great Xi Clan, the Muyas, or the Spiritual Race, were battles of the Great Dao. There would be captives and slaves in race wars.

In the battle of the Great Dao, the losing party could only be exterminated. It was extremely cruel!

“This path will definitely be covered in blood.” He muttered softly. The head of the quasi-planetary captive in front of Xu Tui, Itavi’s grand-disciple, instantly exploded. He died on the spot.

At the same time, a preliminary plan had already formed in Xu Tui’s mind.

In the next moment, Xu Tui spread out his fingers. The five corpses that he had just killed instantly flew up from the ground and gathered together. An extra-large corpse bag appeared and wrapped around the five corpses. Xu Tui then threw them into the quantum dimensional chain.

Since he had a preliminary plan to take the initiative to attack, he had to be more rigorous.

At the same time, a flame flew over from the horizon. From afar, the powerful aura of the Planetary realm powerhouse spread over with a powerful pressure.

A One Satellite Planetary realm powerhouse.

Kitawan!

Xu Tui let out a cold laugh. His sword light instantly met the attack.

On the other side, Kitawan was slightly stunned the moment he saw the sword light. The aura of a quasi-planet, sword light? Before he could react, ice instantly appeared and enveloped him.

At the same time, a Mountain Seal blasted towards the ice that had just been sealed.

The ice shattered!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1