Chapter 1350 - 1350: Fighting For The Earth Origin Palace

Chapter 1350: Fighting for the Earth Origin Palace

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After leading his men out of the Water Origin Palace in a panic, Chi Jing glanced at them and was a little exasperated.

Four people had died in the battle that they had an advantage in, because of the sudden retreat of the Great Xi Clan.

In this battle, the Spiritual Race lost a Planetary realm and three quasi-planets. The losses were huge. To any race, the loss of a Planetary realm was huge.

This was especially so for Chi Jing of the expeditionary army.

Chi Jing’s depression was indescribable. Günter, who had retreated first, had already led his subordinates to attack the Earth Origin Palace. With their speed, they would be able to return to the Earth Origin Palace in about three minutes.

Cai Shaochu led his men out of the Water Origin Palace. He glanced in the direction of the retreat of the Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan and paused.

The Spiritual Race and the Great Xi Clan retreated in different directions.

However, judging from Günter’s performance just now, Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, should have charged into the Earth Origin Palace.

It was definitely impossible for the entire army to press forward to the Earth Origin Palace. They had to split a portion of their forces to guard it. They had to guard against that old thing, Chi Jing, from returning.

Thirty seconds later, Cai Shaochu made some arrangements and left Erera behind. Then, he brought a total of six Planetary realm powerhouses and personally led a team to attack the Earth Origin Palace.

Cai Shaochu had designs on the Earth Origin Palace.

If the Blue Star humans could completely control the Earth Origin Palace, the Ceres Star would come to life.

According to his research, after completely controlling the four origin palaces of Ceres, the power of the force fields in the four origin palaces was very strong.

He could mobilize his strength above his level!

What was mobilizing power above one’s level?

For example, Cai Shaochu was previously a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. After he completely refined and controlled the Wood Origin Palace, he could mobilize the power of the Wood Origin Palace and unleash the power of a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

This was very powerful!

Moreover, its power was almost infinite. It could be used without regard for consumption.

Now, after Cai Shaochu broke through to the Six Satellites Planetary realm, he could mobilize the force field of the Wood Origin Palace and unleash the power of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

This improvement was extremely terrifying.

This was also the reason why Chi Jing did not dare to attack the Wood Origin Palace.

Similarly, under normal circumstances, Cai Shaochu and the others would not dare to attack the Earth Origin Palace and the Fire Origin Palace. This was especially so for the Fire Origin Palace. They did not dare to enter at all with Chi Jing around.

He was an Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, and the fire-element was very compatible with his power. As long as he was in the Fire Origin Palace, he could unleash the power of a Nine Satellites Planetary realm or even surpass it.

However, he could fight for the Earth Origin Palace now.

If they could completely take down the Earth Origin Palace, the Earth and

Wood Palaces would support each other- The enemies could not take down

Ceres Star without several times the number.

It was also because of the cosmic tunnel that Cai Shaochu could entangle the main force of the enemy on Ceres Star and win precious time for the Blue Star Humans to develop.

Two minutes and 30 seconds later, in the Earth Origin Palace, the members of The Myth and the Worldly Pioneer Raiders who were on guard warned them at the same time.

The main force of the Great Xi Clan had returned to reinforce.

“Number?” Xu Tui shouted.

“Five Planetary realms and 16 quasi-planetary realms. The leader should be Günter. He’s a Five Satellites Planetary realm expert. His aura is extremely powerful. We can’t stop him,” Yin Liu, who was scouting outside, reported urgently.

“How long will it take for you to complete the refinement?” Xu Tui asked the Lord of Myths, Ullr.

“One minute.”

“I need more than a minute. Think of a way. Stop them for 30 seconds,” Xu Tui said.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, looked at Xu Tui and laughed. “Sure. You first?”

Xu Tui did not say anything. Instead, he gave the order, “Xiaoxue,Yin Liu, the three-phase thermal bomb array! I don’t believe that they will dare to charge.”

To Xu Tui, if he could use equipment, he wouldn’t use living people. If the equipment was gone, they could make it again. If the living were gone, they would really be gone.

Almost at the same time that Xu Tui gave the order, An Xiaoxue took out 12 three-phase thermal bombs from the quantum dimensional chain. While she took them out and distributed them, Yin Liu and Diwu Hui threw them out one after another.

The three-phase thermal bombs that were thrown out instantly detonated in front of the Earth Origin Palace. The range of each three-phase thermal bomb was as high as ten kilometers.

However, the range that could injure a Planetary realm powerhouse was only one kilometer.

And the core explosion happened to be on the way back for Günter and the others. Even though Günter was a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, he did not dare to barge in.

Under the impact of the energy wave that exploded from the three-phase thermal bomb, the surrounding energy fluctuations were extremely chaotic, causing Günter’s perception of danger and power to be lowered to the lowest.

It would be bad if he was ambushed.

Therefore, Günter could only avoid it.

However, three-phase thermal bombs exploded along the path he avoided. Each three-phase thermal bomb had to be detonated three times in a row. The impact time was at least three seconds.

Under such circumstances, Günter kept changing directions. Yin Liu and Diwu Hui kept throwing three-phase thermal bombs. Of course, their perception was also affected. Therefore, some of the three-phase thermal bombs would miss. They could only win with quantity.

Thirty-two seconds later, after throwing out a total of 16 three-phase thermal bombs, Günter had already brought his men to the entrance of the Earth Origin Palace.

“Alright, you can retreat now.” The Lord of The Myth, Ullr, let out a long laugh. The Myth’s Planetary realm powerhouse, Thalassa, who had been prepared, suddenly shot out 13 water balls in an extremely short period of time.

The water balls flew out and immediately connected. Thick mist covered the entire entrance of the Earth Origin Palace.

Günter and the others could not stop in time and plunged in.

Then, Xu Tui and the others saw Günter and the others walking in the mist as if they had lost their way.

This made Xu Tui involuntarily look at the Planetary realm powerhouse, Thalassa. This ability was a little rare.

As expected, he had to be humble. He could not underestimate the heroes of the world.

Günter was trapped in the mist for more than 30 seconds before he found a way to break through the mist. Energy scattered in the shape of a sun and quickly melted the mist. As it melted, he discovered some water balls. He destroyed one of them, and the fog instantly dissipated.

Günter rushed in like a crazy tiger.

“I’m done.” The Lord of Myths, Ullr, let out a long laugh. He turned into a bolt of lightning and charged toward Günter. As he rushed over, he sent a voice transmission to Xu Tui. “The other origin power of the Earth Origin Palace must be on their boss, Günter. Let’s work together to kill him. I’ll be the main attacker, and you’ll support me! After killing him, I want 60% of the other origin power of the Earth Origin Palace.”

“Okay!” Xu Tui hesitated for a moment before agreeing. He did not have the ability to fight head-on with the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. It suited him to have the Lord of Myths, Ullr, at the front.

However, both Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, had overlooked one thing. Günter was the true owner of the Earth Origin Palace.

Almost the moment he entered the Earth Origin Palace, the earth-element force field instantly seemed to come to life.

A mountain appeared out of thin air and slammed into the lightning.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, who had transformed into lightning, appeared in a sorry state. There was a trace of blood at the corner of his mouth.

“Be careful. Defense on all fronts. Prepare to retreat to the cosmic tunnel! ” The

Lord of Myths, Ullr, immediately roared. In the end, he explained to Xu Tui,

“The attack that this guy unleashed just now has the power of at least a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.”

As the Lord of Myths, Ullr, spoke, a mountain, Earth Spike, swamp, and Earth

Prison blasted towards him like shadows. Moreover, wherever the Lord of Myths, Ullr, appeared, the attack would appear. Even with the speed of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, he could not avoid it.

Ullr was in an extremely sorry state and was injured one after another.

“Xu Tui, give him… a hit!” Ullr, who had been put into a sorry state by the consecutive attacks, roared.

The God Slaying Sword instantly appeared above Xu Tui’s head. However, the moment it appeared, a mountain with a radius of dozens of meters blasted toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s current location was relatively narrow. He would definitely be turned into meat paste if it hit him. If it were anyone else, they would most likely be finished.

Fortunately, Xu Tui had teleported.

Xu Tui instantly disappeared. However, at the same time, the aura of Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword spread out without holding back, attracting Günter’s attention. He had to attract Günter’s firepower. Günter was like a large cannon. He was too terrifying.

If Günter had attacked anyone else, there would definitely have been casualties.

However, the moment he entered the Earth Origin Palace, he instantly changed the situation and completely suppressed him. If Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, had not been rather powerful, they would have been defeated.

Even so, Xu Tui was still under a lot of pressure.

Günter was also good at fighting. Xu Tui’s teleportation was not invincible.

Günter began to surround Xu Tui. Fortunately, An Xiaoxue and the others had already retreated rapidly toward the cosmic tunnel. At the same time, Xu Tui’s situation became extremely dangerous.

In these ten seconds, Günter and the experts under him had already vaguely surrounded Xu Tui. However, at the same time, a huge word appeared out of thin air. It was like a mountain that enveloped Günter. Cai Shaochu’s voice

sounded.. “Leave Günter to me!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1