Chapter 1351 - 1351: Escape

Chapter 1351: Escape

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As soon as the word ‘suppress’ fell, it was as if a deep mountain had descended.

Günter, who was enveloped by the word ‘suppress’, instantly became extremely small. Günter’s expression changed drastically. He instantly gave up on chasing after Xu Tui and turned to deal with Cai Shaochu with all his might.

At the same time, he sized up Cai Shaochu again with a scrutinizing gaze.

Cai Shaochu had fought him several times before and was more difficult to deal with. To be honest, if he had a choice, he was unwilling to fight Cai Shaochu. Cai Shaochu’s attack power was not strong, but it could make him feel very uncomfortable.

However, it was only uncomfortable. It could not hurt him. But now, the strength that Cai Shaochu had displayed was too shocking. Günter felt that if they were outside the Earth Origin Palace, Cai Shaochu would definitely be able to severely injure or even kill him.

Was he still a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse who had just broken through? Ordinary Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses would not be this strong.

Günter only had one thought in his mind. Fortunately, he was in the Earth

Origin Palace. In the Earth Origin Palace, he could definitely withstand Cai Shaochu with the Earth Origin Palace’s force field. He could even exhaust Cai Shaochu to death.

No matter how strong Cai Shaochu was, he was only a Planetary realm powerhouse. But what about the Earth Origin Palace?

It was said that the Earth Origin Palace of Ceres Star was the place where the four major origin powers of the solar system were carried. Although the earth-element force was not endless, it definitely had the potential of mountains and rivers. It was not something a Planetary realm powerhouse could compare to.

An earth mountain rose above Günter’s head and met Cai Shaochu’s word. In the next moment, the small mountain and the word exploded at the same time.

Cai Shaochu let out a cold grunt. He tapped his index finger repeatedly, and the word ‘suppress’ and ‘illusion’ enveloped Günter at the same time.

In an instant, the battle between the two of them reached a climax. However, it was obvious that even though Cai Shaochu had broken through to the Six Satellites Planetary realm and his combat strength had formed a system, he still could not do anything to Günter in the Earth Origin Palace.

However, Günter was entangled by Cai Shaochu. The members of The Myth and the Worldly Pioneer Raiders who had fled in a sorry state from Günter also instantly charged back.

This was especially so for Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr. They were instantly released.

They turned around and charged towards the five Planetary realm powerhouses who had returned with Günter.

Originally, Xu Tui did not have much of an advantage. However, in less than ten seconds, the six Planetary realm powerhouses and 12 quasi-planetary experts who were following closely behind Cai Shaochu charged in from outside the Earth Origin Palace.

In an instant, they surrounded the forces of the Great Xi Clan.

In the beginning, Xu Tui did not dare to use his full strength.

He ordered the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders to hold back and prevent the forces of the Spiritual Race from charging in from behind to support the Great Xi Clan and catch them off guard.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, also had this thought. He even ordered Thalassa to guard the entrance of the Earth Origin Palace. If Chi Jing and the others came to help, she could stop them. However, immediately, the Planetary realm scout at the door informed him surprisingly that there was no one.

There was no one behind him.

The Spiritual Race’s Chi Jing did not come to help. This made Xu Tui and the Lord of Myths overjoyed.

Almost instantly, the two of them attacked at the same time. After helping their members kill a Planetary realm expert from the Great Xi Clan, they instantly turned around and surrounded Günter.

They wanted to work with Cai Shaochu to kill Günter.

In the Fire Origin Palace, Chi Jing had just returned. The moment he returned to the Fire Origin Palace, Chi Jing immediately asked, “Have you received any new information from there?”

“Not at the moment,” Feng Gu, who was slightly injured, immediately confirmed and answered.

“Contact him immediately.”

“Understood!” A minute later, Feng Gu returned and shook his head at Chi Jing. “Sir, I contacted them, but there was no response.

“In addition, our reconnaissance personnel saw Cai Shaochu leading his men into the Earth Origin Palace. Counting the number of Planetary realm powerhouses who had attack the Earth Origin Palace, the situation of Günter and the others might not be too optimistic!”

“Have you deduced the data?” Chi Jing asked.

“According to the data we have so far, Günter can defend the Earth Origin Palace with the power of it. However, at least half of the Planetary realm powerhouses under him will die in battle. Two-thirds of them might even die in battle. Their strength will be greatly reduced!” Feng Gu said.

“So many people died in battle?” Chi Jing frowned. “The reinforcements of the Great Xi Clan should have arrived earlier than our reinforcements. However, if the Great Xi Clan suffers too many losses at this moment, it won’t end well for us in the future. After all, no one will help me share the attack of the Blue Star humans! Let’s go. Prepare for reinforcements!”

“Now?”

“We’ll set off in a minute! We have to make the Great Xi Clan suffer losses. If the Great Xi Clan suffers losses, the Blue Star humans will definitely suffer losses. Let’s leave some time for both sides to weaken. This will be beneficial to us! ” Chi Jing smiled, looking like he had everything planned.

However, he did not expect a few things.

For example, the strength of Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui, and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr. It was much stronger than they had displayed.

Just as he was waiting, the situation in the Earth Origin Palace had changed drastically.

Günter felt a mountain-like pressure the moment Xu Tui and the Lord of Myths surrounded him in the Earth Origin Palace.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer was pervasive, and he was constantly on guard against the God Slaying Sword. The lightning that the Lord of Myths, Ullr, had transformed into was as fast as a ghost, so he had to defend with all his might.

And Cai Shaochu’s ‘suppress’, ‘illusion’, and ‘seal’ were all as powerful as a mountain. He had to deal with them with all his might.

In an instant, Günter felt that he could not deal with it.

Günter felt that he would definitely lose if this continued. He might even be killed. He turned around and looked at the entrance of the Earth Origin Palace, but he did not see the figure of the Spiritual Race coming to his aid. Instead, he saw the scene of two quasi-planetary experts of the Great Xi Clan being killed.

This suddenly shocked Günter.

If all his subordinates were killed, he, the executive officer, would definitely not be able to leave this place alive today. Suddenly, Günter realized that he would face a true life-and-death crisis if he did not make a decision.

Should he continue to wait for the Spiritual Race?

This was unknown!

If he continued to wait, the reinforcements of the Spiritual Race might arrive. However, it was more likely that their strength would be completely wiped out by the advantageous strength of the Blue Star humans.

He had to make a decision.

Ten seconds later, Günter roared angrily. “Retreat, gather at me. Prepare to retreat!”

As Günter roared, twenty earth puppet giants appeared out of thin air in the entire Earth Origin Palace. The moment they appeared, they attacked the Blue Star humans beside them crazily.

Günter’s aura decreased drastically at this moment. However, the appearance of twenty Earth Puppet Giants suddenly disrupted the battle. This included Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui, and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr. They were all entangled by an Earth Puppet Giant.

No matter how powerful Cai Shaochu was, he had to use the Suppress Formula once to shatter the earth puppet giant.

Not to mention Xu Tui and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr.

This successfully created an opportunity for Günter to escape. It was not just Günter. Under his outburst, all the remaining forces of the Great Xi Clan had a chance to escape. In an instant, Günter brought the remaining three Planetary realms and nine quasi-planets and quickly retreated from the direction of the cosmic tunnel.

In this short period of time, another one of Günter’s subordinates had died.

Günter did not dare to gamble on retreating to Ceres Star. Only by retreating to the cosmic tunnel and then returning to the planet where they had landed would Günter feel safe.

Günter was not worried about the Earth Origin Palace at all. In any case, the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace was in his hands. As long as he gathered enough power, he could return and enter the Earth Origin Palace at any time.

Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui, and Ullr became anxious when Günter fled. If Günter escaped, no one would be able to sleep peacefully even if they took back the Earth Origin Palace. Such a Planetary realm powerhouse who could mobilize the power of the Earth Origin Palace when he returned was too terrifying!

A thousand days of guarding against thieves would kill people!

“Fix!”

Although Günter instantly shattered the large word, his figure also stopped for a moment.

The God Slaying Sword that had been floating above Xu Tui’s head for a long time, which was cooperating seamlessly with Cai Shaochu, instantly disappeared. Then, it appeared above Günter’s head and slashed in.

Günter knew how terrifying the God Slaying Sword was and had been paying attention. The God Slaying Sword had not been slashed out. This had always affected Günter.

Günter knew that Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword had slashed down. Without hesitation, he activated the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace in his body. He used the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace to withstand this sword.

Otherwise, he would definitely be injured.

The moment Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword slashed into Günter’s body, a dazzling earthen yellow light exploded from Günter’s body. Günter turned into an earthen yellow ball of light.

The God Slaying Sword slashed in!

The earthen yellow light only swayed, and the God Slaying Sword dissipated.

Günter was unharmed.

At the same time that Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Formula instantly pressed down, a huge bolt of lightning slashed at Günter like a thunder knife.

Günter faced the fatal attacks of Xu Tui, Cai Shaochu, and the Lord of The Myths, Ullr, at the same time. Even with the support of the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace, he could not take it.

He had barely shattered Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Formula. He could only use his physical body to withstand the Lightning Slash of the Lord of Myths.

In a flash of light, Günter’s right arm and most of his shoulder were sent flying by lightning.

Günter let out a dull grunt and continued to retreat to the cosmic tunnel with a large group of people. He had already entered the tunnel that led to the cosmic tunnel. It was the tunnel that Xu Tui and the others had entered previously.

This tunnel was relatively narrow and was very beneficial to defense. After Günter retreated with his men, the pressure on the attackers would increase greatly because he could mobilize the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace there.

It could be said that Günter and the others were safe.

Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. The Origin Energy fluctuations of the Earth Origin Palace suddenly rose behind him.

He turned around and saw the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace had suddenly dissipated from Günter’s severed arm. It instantly returned to the small mountain in the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace.

This amount of Origin Power was not much. Xu Tui could basically sense most of it because he had already refined 20% of the Earth Origin Power in his body.

It had about 10% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power. He had also thought of the reason. Under normal circumstances, the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace would only return after Günter was killed.

However, in order to defend against Xu Tui’s God Slaying Sword, Günter had used the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace and taken the God Slaying Sword head-on. That was why he was unscathed.

However, just as the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace spread out, a right arm was cut off by the Lord of Myths, Ullr. The portion of the origin power that filled his right arm immediately became ownerless and returned to the small mountain in the main hall of the Earth Origin Palace.

When the origin power returned, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, was extremely fast. It instantly turned into lightning and returned to the small mountain of the main hall. He pressed his palm out and instantly began to refine it.

Xu Tui was stunned and angry. Wasn’t Ullr being a little shameless? Cai Shaochu, who was chasing after Günter, frowned. At this moment, Günter had already escaped from the Earth Origin Palace with his men.

Just as Xu Tui was wondering if he should fight the Lord of Myths and snatch back a little of the Earth Origin Power, Little Six’s voice suddenly sounded in Xu

Tui’s mind..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1