Chapter 1354 - 1354: Sudden Return

Chapter 1354: Sudden Return

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Of course! If Lavis wanted a reward, he could give to him.

The corpses of the Great Xi Clan were very valuable for research, especially the corpses of the five Planetary realm experts of the Great Xi Clan. Currently, they were the first in the entire Blue Star.

It was mainly because the cultivation system of the Great Xi Clan was different from that of the Blue Star humans.

However, that was not as useful as having another Planetary realm powerhouse under Xu Tui.

If Lavis could break through to the Planetary realm, Xu Tui would have four Planetary realm experts under him. Including Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s combat strength, they would be a powerful force that could fight independently.

This was especially so for Lavis. Before he broke through, he could withstand two Planetary realm powerhouses with the strength of a quasi-planetary realm. After he broke through, he might even be able to withstand Three or Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

After all, Lavis had used the corpses of the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses of the Great Xi Clan for his two breakthroughs.

“Lavis, I have no problem rewarding you, but to be honest, I’m not too satisfied with your recent performance in the battle.”

Xu Tui’s words made Lavis a little worried.

In the past, Lavis, as the strongest combatant, did not care about this when he’s under Xu Tui. But now, he felt that he was dispensable. Xu Tui’s words made him feel a trace of fear.

“Sir, the recent battles are all battles between Planetary realm powerhouses. There’s battles between Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. Even if I want to interfere, I don’t have the strength. Don’t worry, Sir. I broke through this time to better serve you,” Lavis quickly promised.

“I hope so. Otherwise…” Xu Tui stared coldly at Lavis. He took the opportunity to activate the main star of his mind power. He mainly used the main star of his mind power, which was as high as a fifth-level star halo, and prestige of killing Günter, to use a combination of spiritual radiation, spiritual resonance, and spiritual concealment to plant a picture of Xu Tui’s invincibility while Lavis was in awe of him.

In an instant, Lavis was shocked. He looked at Xu Tui with nothing but awe.

This was double insurance. Other than the self-destruction seed that was left in Lavis’ mental body, this kind of spiritual pressure and obedience also made Lavis not dare to betray Xu Tui easily. The latter was even more effective.

Of course, Xu Tui did this because he remembered Cai Shaochu’s words. Those who were not of our race would definitely have different intentions. He trusted an outsider like Lavis, but he still had to be on guard.

To be honest, Xu Tui increasingly realized that the abilities of the School of

Radiation Influence were very powerful and abnormal. The abilities of the School of Radiation Influence affected a person silently. Just like now, Lavis did not even know.

It was just that he had not found a way to use the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence in real combat. However, the Illusory Reality that Xu Tui had obtained from the Spiritual Concealment was actually extremely practical.

At the side, Cai Shaochu glanced at Xu Tui without batting an eyelid. There was a hint of approval in his eyes.

With Cai Shaochu’s cultivation, he naturally noticed the method that Xu Tui had used on Lavis just now. However, he could only vaguely sense that it was an influence on his spirit. He did not know the details.

However, that was enough.

Cai Shaochu was very satisfied with Xu Tui’s vigilance.

After obtaining Xu Tui’s permission, Lavis happily put away Günter’s corpse. He immediately used the special method of the Great Xi Clan to refine and absorb the remaining power in the corpse of a high-level expert.

Xu Tui, who had just finished refining the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace, felt very good. He looked at Cai Shaochu and said, “Principal, should we continue tracking? Let’s see if we can catch up to the nest of the Great Xi Clan or the Muyas.”

“Do you feel that the Muyas and the Great Xi Clan can’t withstand a single blow?” Cai Shaochu’s face suddenly darkened.

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Don’t always rely on luck or your current judgment.” Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui. “You can recall your enemy’s judgment of you. In these few battles, your enemies had lost time and time again, and the foundation of your enemies’ defeat was actually based on a misjudgment of your strength.

“So the problem came. What if you misjudged the enemy’s strength once? What if there was an even stronger Planetary realm in the nest of the Muyas? What if there were still many Planetary realm experts in the nest of the Great Xi Clan, or if they had reinforcements rushing over? Just like your previous Water Origin Palace. What would the consequences be?”

Cai Shaochu’s expression was as dark as water. He stared coldly at Xu Tui. He did not have any intention of reprimanding him. Every word he said hit Xu Tui’s heart like a hammer.

Xu Tui instantly broke out in a cold sweat.

The consequences…

There was no need for him to make many mistakes in his judgment. It only needed one time to consign him to eternal damnation. It would be able to kill everyone Xu Tui brought over. Cai Shaochu’s expression softened when he saw the cold sweat on Xu Tui’s forehead. “Do you understand?”

“I understood!” Xu Tui nodded heavily.

“Remember this in the future. Try your best to take fewer risks. It’s safer if you can! Just like now, even if we want to launch a surprise attack on the nest of the Muyas or the Great Xi Clan, we can return to Ceres Star first and gather more forces to launch a surprise attack. Not like now.

“Let me give you another piece of advice. You have to have a lot of drive, but there’s no wrong in being too careful.”

Cai Shaochu scolded Xu Tui like a chicken pecking at grains. However, Xu Tui thought about it. He had probably been too smooth-sailing recently. Coupled with the sudden increase in his strength, he had become a little arrogant.

“Let’s go back the way we came.”

The speed at which they traveled through the cosmic tunnel was very fast.

Fifteen minutes later, the group arrived at the cosmic tunnel of Ceres. Both Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu had the power of the four original palaces of Ceres, so it was very easy to locate them.

As the cosmic tunnel blocked the exploration and perception of most of the known forces, Cai Shaochu, who was the strongest, went in to explore the entrance of the cosmic tunnel to see if there were any ambushes.

He had to be careful.

The cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star was public. Currently, anyone could come. Regardless of friend or foe, ambushing in such a place was the most fatal, so they had to be careful. However, the moment Cai Shaochu entered the cosmic tunnel, his hyphen cards exploded one after another.

Cai Shaochu’s expression changed drastically.

These were the hyphen cards he had given Erera. Erera had asked him for help again because of the emergency, but he had been in the cosmic tunnel just now. Did something happen to the Water Origin Palace? Or did something else happen?

In the four major palaces, the communication methods in technology were useless. Cai Shaochu’s figure swayed and he almost rushed towards the branch tunnel of the Water Origin Palace.

Cai Shaochu composed himself and quickly returned to the cosmic tunnel to greet Xu Tui and the others.

Xu Tui and the others were anxious.

Under normal circumstances, he would be able to return in two to three seconds after exploring if there were any ambushes. Cai Shaochu took a long time.

“Principal?”

“Leave quickly. Something might happen to Ceres Star.”

Xu Tui was stunned. They had only been away for half an hour. What had happened to Ceres Star? This was especially so when the strength of the Great Xi Clan was almost wiped out.

“Something might have happened to the Water Origin Palace. Let’s return to the Wood Origin Palace first.” Cai Shaochu immediately made a decision.

If he returned to the Wood Origin Palace, with Cai Shaochu’s control over the Wood Origin Palace, even if Lei Tian attacked him after his rebirth, Cai Shaochu could still calmly deal with him in the Wood Origin Palace.

On the contrary, if they charged back to the Water Origin Palace without knowing the situation, there might be a problem.

Cai Shaochu brought Xu Tui and the others back to the Wood Origin Palace in an extremely short period of time. Then, he froze.

In the Wood Origin Palace, Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu saw the severely injured Erera, Augusto, and the others, including the Planetary realm powerhouses from the Huaxia Sector, Pei Tiefeng and Ruan Tianzuo. They were also injured.

Ruan Tianzuo had been severely injured.

Cai Shaochu was stunned. They were fine when they chased after them from the Earth Origin Palace. Why did such a huge change happen in the blink of an eye? This was especially so for Erera, who was guarding the Water Origin Palace. She had actually retreated to the Wood Origin Palace. This…

“What’s going on?”

The seriously injured Erera immediately exploded when she saw Cai Shaochu return. “Shaochu, where did you go? Why can’t I contact you? If you were here just now, the Water Origin Palace wouldn’t have been lost.”

“The Water Origin Palace is lost?”

This news stunned Cai Shaochu and Xu Tui. How could they lose the Water Origin Palace?

“That’s right. The Muys killed their way back, and they have the cooperation of the Spiritual Race!”

Xu Tui was stunned and dumbfounded. Their original plan was to chase after the Muya’s nest. Now, the Muyas had actually killed their way to Water Origin

Palace.

This was simply…

A few minutes later, Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu basically understood the situation.

Not long after Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu chased after them from the Earth Origin Palace, the Muyas returned to the Water Origin Palace through the cosmic tunnel.

They could have resisted it.

However, after the Spiritual Race’s Chi Jing, who had headed to the Earth

Origin Palace to support the Great Xi Clan, discovered that the Earth Origin Palace had fallen, they brought people back to attack the Water Origin Palace. At the same time, they feinted and attacked the Wood Origin Palace. A portion of their main forces, which are the Planetary realm powerhouses, had been taken away because of Cai Shaochu. Cai Shaochu was not around either, so they could only defend to the death.

This way, the forces of the European Sector, the American Sector, and the India Sector could only fight the alliance army of the Muya and the Spiritual Race alone.

What was worse was that the main forces of the Water Origin Palace, such as Augusto, Itavi, Haren, and the others, including the other Planetary realm powerhouses, were all injured. A small portion of them were even seriously injured.

It was difficult for them to hold on alone. Even with Erera supporting them, they could not. Moreover, there were no reinforcements outside. The Myths could not completely give up on the Earth Origin Palace for the time being. The current situation of the Great Xi Clan that had escaped was unknown.

Under such circumstances, Augusto and the others could only give up on the Water Origin Palace.

It was also at this moment that the Planetary realm powerhouses from the

Huaxia Sector and the Russian Federation who were guarding the Wood Origin Palace reacted and risked their lives to head to the Water Origin Palace to receive them. Only then did most of the forces of the Water Origin Palace retreat unscathed.

Even so, three Planetary realm and seven quasi-planetary experts still died on the spot.

They had suffered heavy losses!

It was only because the forces of the Wood Origin Palace had received them. If not for the reinforcements from the Wood Origin Palace, the losses would have been even greater.

Fortunately, such a loss happened now.

If this had been a month ago, before Xu Tui unsealed the space seal of the Origin Domain, such a loss would have severely injured the Blue Star. Fortunately, there have been many new Planetary realm powerhouses in the various sectors recently. Otherwise, there would not be many Planetary realm powerhouses to mobilize.

The forces that had withdrawn from the Water Origin Palace had withdrawn to the Wood Origin Palace because of Erera. The American Sector, India Sector, and Huaya Sector had withdrawn to the Earth Origin Palace at the last minute.

“The Muyas actually killed their way back and caused us to lose the Water Origin Palace! However, the Water Origin Palace can’t be controlled. So what if we lose it? However, nothing must happen to the Earth Origin Palace again!” As he spoke, Cai Shaochu suddenly looked at Xu Tui. “You’ve refined 70% of the Earth Origin Palace’s origin power, right?”

Xu Tui nodded slightly.

“Let’s go. Come with me to the Earth Origin Palace. The defense of the Earth Origin Palace must be in our hands. Nothing can happen again! If anything happens again, we might not even be able to use the cosmic tunnel of Ceres

Star!” Cai Shaochu said..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1