Chapter 1352 - 1352: Refinement Of The Tunnel

Chapter 1352: Refinement of the Tunnel

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Chase after him. This is your chance!”

This was the voice that Little Six suddenly sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. However, because time was tight, Little Six spoke very quickly. Xu Tui did not have the time to ask further.

This was because time was too precious at this moment. As long as Günter retreated into the cosmic tunnel, he would be able to retreat without a trace in a few seconds. It would be more difficult to track him down.

In an instant, Xu Tui thought of many things. He thought of a possibility and chose to believe Little Six without hesitation.

However, Xu Tui still sent a voice transmission to Cai Shaochu. “Principal, I want to chase after Günter.”

Cai Shaochu glanced at the Myth Lord, Ullr, who was quickly refining the origin power and returning to the Earth Origin Palace. “We can get Ullr to give us a portion.” “No, chase after him first! The part that Ullr refined is unimportant!”

“Okay!”

Since Xu Tui insisted, Cai Shaochu did not say anything else. He charged toward the tunnel first. This was also the reason why Xu Tui contacted Cai Shaochu. It would be too dangerous if Xu Tui led the members of the pioneer raiders to chase after them alone. If anything went wrong, it would cause a huge number of casualties. Especially since Günter was not the only Planetary realm powerhouse.

It would be easy if Cai Shaochu went with him. Xu Tui could completely use Cai Shaochu as a meat shield.

“Chase after them!” With a command, the members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders instantly chased to the cosmic tunnel.

Under normal circumstances, Xu Tui would have to investigate carefully if he wanted to pass through the cosmic tunnel. Otherwise, it would be a huge loss if Günter ambushed them on the other side of the tunnel and attacked them when he saw them.

However, it was different when Cai Shaochu came. He barged out of the cosmic tunnel. The moment he stepped out, he appeared with the word ‘suppress’.

In an instant, angry roars sounded in the cosmic tunnel.

As expected, although Günter was escaping, he had also considered the possibility that someone would chase after him. He was really lying in ambush at the cosmic tunnel. However, he had ambushed Cai Shaochu!

Most importantly, this was a cosmic tunnel.

Cai Shaochu was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Previously, in the Earth Origin Palace, Günter had relied on the Origin Power of the Earth Origin Palace to fight Cai Shaochu. However, after entering the cosmic tunnel, Günter could no longer mobilize the power of the Earth Origin Palace, and Cai Shaochu was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

It was also because of this that Günter had set up an ambush here. That was because if Cai Shaochu chased after them, they might not be able to retreat safely. They wanted to ambush here and severely injure the pursuers.

However, Cai Shaochu, who was chasing after them, was much faster than they had imagined. Almost as soon as they escaped and prepared to ambush, Cai Shaochu shouted the word ‘suppress’ and charged out tyrannically.

Cai Shaochu staggered back and was slightly injured by the attacks of the Planetary realm powerhouses.

In the next moment, Xu Tui, Yin Liu, Diwu Hui, and An Xiaoxue charged out. This way, the pressure on Cai Shaochu was greatly reduced.

Almost instantly, Günter felt immense pressure from fighting again. Fifteen seconds later, Günter suddenly felt inexplicably helpless.

Xu Tui and the others, who had charged out from behind, had already killed another Planetary realm powerhouse in just ten seconds. For some reason, as long as Xu Tui was involved, it was extremely easy for the Planetary realm powerhouses of their race to die.

It had to be known that the subordinates who followed him were all elites who had survived more than ten battles. Yet, they had all died at Xu Tui’s hands.

Günter understood that he had to make a decision.

If he did not retreat now, he might die here!

In the next moment, a huge lollipop-like energy bar suddenly appeared in Günter’s hand.

Xu Tui recognized it. This was the quark particle jumper of the Great Xi Clan. It was even a quark particle jumper that was filled with energy. His expression changed the moment he took it out. He suddenly thought of another situation.

Lavis had once said that the quark particle warp device of the Great Xi Clan could be used as a warp location marker and also be used for attacks. If it was used for an attack, it had to be fully charged and be able to unleash an extremely powerful fluctuation that was similar to self-destruction.

However, it was rather difficult to create a quark particle jumper in the Great Xi Clan. It required a large amount of energy to be filled with energy. It would not be used to self-destruct.

Xu Tui thought of this possibility.

“Be careful. He’s going to self-destruct. Retreat!” Xu Tui roared.

The members of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had almost formed a conditioned reflex to Xu Tui’s orders. They quickly retreated as Xu Tui gave the order. At the same time, Günter instantly sent out the energy-filled quark particle jumper and activated self-destruction.

This was his last life-saving method!

However, the moment he activated the self-destruction of the quark particle jumper, the members of the pioneer raiders had already retreated.

Günter was furious. “Lavis, you bastard. You actually betrayed us completely. Just you wait. I’ll definitely cut you up thousands of times!” Amidst his angry curses, Günter quickly retreated into the depths of the cosmic tunnel with the remaining soldiers under the self-destruction brilliance of the quark particle jumper.

Cai Shaochu was not a member of the pioneer raiders. Although he trusted Xu

Tui very much, he was instinctively an expert. He had a natural judgment of Xu Tui’s reminder. He was just half a beat too slow, and he happened to be covered by the self-destruction light of the quark particle jumper.

However, the word ‘suppress’ could attack and defend. The huge word had already protected Cai Shaochu. The moment the light spread out, Xu Tui’s left eye instantly turned black. Then, he disappeared on the spot.

The range of the self-destruction of the quark particle jumper was not large, but the power of it was extremely great. Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Formula shook violently and was quickly annihilated.

Cai Shaochu was sent flying by the impact. Blood spurted out of his mouth.

However, at that moment, Cai Shaochu received Xu Tui’s mental voice transmission. In an instant, he pointed his index finger and wrote a large escape word with blood. He instantly disappeared on the spot.

Deep in the cosmic tunnel, Günter flew rapidly with the remaining troops. He heaved a sigh of relief. They had finally escaped. His life was saved. Although he had lost the Earth Origin Palace, he could return at any time after he reorganized his strength.

With his control over the Earth Origin Palace, it was useless even if others occupied it. When they arrived at the planet, they would quickly guide the reinforcements over at all costs to take revenge.

There was also Lavis, that traitor. He had to make him regret it!

Günter thought as he fled through the cosmic tunnel. Suddenly, an indescribable horror surged into Günter’s heart.

Günter turned around.

The moment he turned around, he saw Xu Tui appear behind him. At the same time, a small golden sword appeared above his head. Then, it slashed down fiercely.

Small God Slaying Sword!

After Xu Tui used teleportation to catch up to Günter, 70% of his mind power condensed into the Small God Slaying Sword and slashed into Günter’s head.

Günter’s entire body trembled! His mental body trembled. Countless cracks appeared on his mental body. The atmosphere around him was chaotic. He had almost been killed by Xu Tui’s sword.

However, Günter was a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse after all. Furthermore, he had the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace as a buffer in his body.

This sword had only severely injured Günter, but it did not kill him. In the next moment, the subordinates beside Günter, who had reacted, rushed forward at the same time and surrounded Xu Tui to buy Günter time to recover.

Xu Tui sighed in his heart. He had no chance!

He was so close!

Two Planetary realms and five quasi-planetary experts besieged him. Other than escaping, there was no other possibility, much less killing Günter.

Unfortunately, the principal did not follow him. If the principal did not follow, it was even more impossible for the others to follow.

At the same time, an afterimage suddenly appeared beside Xu Tui. It had a majestic aura. The afterimage was still coughing blood. The moment it appeared, a Suppression phantom suddenly rose in front of the afterimage.

The word ‘suppress’ suddenly pressed down. A Planetary realm expert, and two quasi-planetary experts died tragically on the spot.

Cai Shaochu, the principal, chased after him. The power of this suppression shocked the other Planetary realm and the three quasi-planets. The four members of the Great Xi Clan no longer had any intention of attacking. They scattered and fled on the spot.

In this extremely short period of time, Günter, who had been slashed by Xu Tui’s Small God Slaying Sword, had already shown signs of recovery. Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu looked at each other. The word ‘suppress’ and the word ‘mountain’ slammed down at the same time.

Günter, who had just woken up from the violent vibrations and pain of his mental body, suddenly roared in despair. In the next moment, the word ‘suppress’ and the word ‘mountain’ shattered Günter’s body.

Günter had died!

The moment Günter of the Great Xi Clan died, the origin power of the Earth Origin Palace in his body appeared.

However, unlike when he was in the Earth Origin Palace, the moment this origin power appeared, it seemed to be a little sluggish. It spun on the spot.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up. It was just as Little Six had said. His mind power instantly enveloped it and he began to refine the origin power of the Earth Origin

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1