Chapter 1369 - 1369: Massacre And Can This Thing Be Eaten? (3)

Chapter 1369: Massacre and Can This Thing Be Eaten? (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

They had asked about their identities earlier on. He naturally asked about the identity of Governor Lank’s butler, Belas. Derry did as he was told again. He brought Belas, who was so frightened that he was drenched in sweat, to the side.

Xu Tui slowly flew not far from the remaining 27 people. Then, he said with a hoarse voice, “Everyone, I’ve already given you a chance. Actually, those people are the smart ones!” Xu Tui pointed at the seven people who had been assigned to the other side.

At this moment, the 27 captives had a bad feeling. One of them reacted quickly and moved his body to escape. Their reactions were fast. But Xu Tui had already made preparations.

A small mountain instantly appeared and smashed towards the ground. The moment it smashed down, the ground in all directions rose with a bang and instantly condensed into a wall that looked like a square city.

Bang!

The small mountain blasted down.

The sound of flesh and blood sizzling and the sound of bones shattering rang out amidst the explosions. It directly made Derry, the governor’s butler, Belas, and the other seven survivors tremble.

This included the dozen or so people that Xu Tui had recruited at the cosmic fortress on Planet Manyo. At that moment, they were all scared silly.

A massacre!

This was a live massacre!

Was Red Beard that fierce?

Derry, who was also shocked, could not help but tremble again. He forced a smile at Xu Tui, but his smile was filled with fear. Previously, he only felt that Xu Tui was mysterious and powerful. Now, he only felt that Xu Tui was not only terrifying, but he was also ferocious. He was also temperamental. It gave him immense fear.

He was very afraid!

“These people don’t mean what they say! Although they say that they want to surrender and join our Red Beard Pirates, they don’t think so in their hearts. Therefore, I’ll give them a quick death.”

Xu Tui’s voice was like a demon’s. It rang in the ears of the survivors present, especially the few who were alive. They were also so frightened that they broke out in cold sweat.

They were almost turned into meat paste on the spot!

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s demon-like voice sounded in their ears. “You should be glad that you are honest. It gave you a way out.”

Everyone nodded like a chicken pecking at grains. The governor’s housekeeper, Belas, could no longer stand steadily. Even though he was a quasi-planetary, he was still frightened by the red-bearded man.

Just now, he had really surrendered with the thought of surrendering and surviving before thinking of a way to escape and report. He did not expect Red Beard to be able to see through his thoughts.

This was too terrifying!

Was Red Beard a god? According to the legends, only a god could see through the thoughts of others at a glance.

Similarly shocked were Derry and his subordinates. Xu Tui’s explanation was too terrifying. He could tell the truth from the lies.

Right now, he was extremely glad that he did not have any crooked thoughts. He was glad that he really wanted to follow Xu Tui and do something. He wanted to escape after venting his anger.

But now, he did not even dare to think about escaping. Such a powerful existence could even see through their true thoughts. Oh my god, this was a god!

“Alright, stand guard!”

In the next moment, Xu Tui spread out his mind power and began to use the mind power fusion technique to refine the corpses of the Muyas. This was especially so for the corpses of Governor Lank and the other Planetary realm powerhouse. There were many Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals.

Governor Lank’s corpse contributed 31 grams of Blood Crystals and 18 grams of Soul Crystals to Xu Tui. Another Planetary realm powerhouse contributed 22 grams of Blood Crystals and 12 grams of Soul Crystals. He had gained a lot.

In comparison, the number of blood crystals and soul crystals contributed by the quasi-planetary and transmutation realms was less.

Most of the blood crystals and soul crystals contributed by the quasi-planetary realm were between five and ten grams. There were not many of them. There were even fewer blood crystals and soul crystals contributed by the Transmutation Realm. There were one to two grams of blood crystals, but there were basically no two grams of soul crystals.

In the end, Xu Tui did not want to refine it anymore.

The Muyas at the Transmutation Realm were not very valuable to Xu Tui. It was a little time-consuming to refine so many of them.

However, Xu Tui still persisted this time. It took him an hour to refine all the corpses into blood crystals and soul crystals. During the refinement process, the Muyas who had been watching were about to be scared silly.

A portion of the Muyas knelt on the spot in fear when they saw Xu Tui refine the corpses of their kind into Blood Crystals.

What kind of method was this?

Even Derry was shocked. It was a method that he had never seen before. If… If he did not listen to orders, would he be refined into this thing by this lord?

Xu Tui sneered as he looked at the Muyas, who were filled with fear. This was the effect he wanted. After scaring them enough in one go, the possibility of them betraying him in the future would be greatly reduced if they buried the seed of fear in their hearts.

Xu Tui purified more than ten grams of Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals in front of these guys. He first replenished the energy he used when he used the God Slaying Sword just now. He had to maintain the God Slaying Sword at all times in case of emergencies.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui took out five grams of Soul Crystals and Blood Crystals and threw them to Derry. He said, “This is your reward!” “My reward?” Derry gritted his teeth. Was this thing edible?

“Idiot, this is used to refine, absorb, and increase your cultivation,” Xu Tui scolded.

Derry froze. This thing that had refined his kind could actually be used to increase his cultivation?

While he was still skeptical, he began to absorb and refine the blood crystals and soul crystals according to Xu Tui’s instructions. Perhaps it was because they were of the same race, but the speed at which Derry refined the blood crystals and soul crystals was extremely fast. His aura was increasing at a visible speed.

At the side, the other quasi-planetary and Transmutation Realm experts had stunned and complicated expressions.

Xu Tui walked toward the governor’s butler, Belas. “You should know what I want to know, right?”

“I know, I know!” Belas nodded like a chick pecking at grains..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1