Chapter 1367 - 1367: Massacre And Can This Thing Be Eaten? (1)

Chapter 1367: Massacre and Can This Thing Be Eaten? (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Derry was actually trembling! But it could not be seen because it was extremely fat, like a mountain of meat and was wrapped in a pair of meat wings.

However, Derry trembling was not entirely of fear. He was trembling due to fear and excitement. There was no need to mention his fear. If the current matter was exposed, he would be finished. Even a noble with a noble bloodline would not be able to avoid punishment when colluding with other races.

Excitement was different.

Derry felt an indescribable sense of rebellion.

Who asked those high and mighty fellows from the Holy Temple to bully him? Who asked those fellows from the Holy Temple to look down on him, and send him to this godforsaken place to fend for himself?

Now, he was going to be a pirate, a pirate who was related to foreign races. He wanted them to regret and be angry!

Unfortunately, this rebellious excitement only lasted for a moment. It made him feel an indescribable trembling excitement. It felt even better than screwing three female slaves.

However, this excitement was immediately replaced by fear.

This was especially so tor Derry, who was a quasi-planet. He was extremely afraid when he sensed the boundless mind power fluctuations that suddenly rose around Xu Tui behind him.

At this moment, Derry also gathered all his strength. Light circulated on his wings. However, it was not for the sake of attacking. Instead, he was prepared to escape. Once his owner from Blue Star lost, he would escape without hesitation.

The Ares Star Field was huge, and the Milky Way was even larger. He could still find a gap to survive. He had made such preparations because he felt that his master of the Blue Star was too arrogant. The cultivation aura emitted by his body could not lie to anyone.

How strong could a high-level quasi-planet be?

Instinctively, Derry felt that his new owner of the Blue Star might be a rebellious child who came from a noble family on the Blue Star. He thought that he was the second boss after the sky.

Yes, a bastard who was as arrogant as he was back then. However, the mind power that suddenly erupted around Xu Tui shocked him. That fluctuation was very strong. It was stronger than most Planetary realm powerhouses that he had seen.

In the next moment, he saw a scene that he would never forget.

Lank, the powerful Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse in his eyes, was like a fool in an extremely short moment. He was first hugged by the Earth Puppet, then smashed into a meat patty by a small mountain.

That’s right, he had really been smashed into a meat patty.

Powerful?

At that moment, Derry felt that Xu Tui was terrifying. He was extremely terrifying.

All the people brought by Governor Lank were stunned. Any quasi-planetary would have heard of the Red Bear Pirates’ reputation. They had a powerful background, but they only wanted money. Their style was more like an official tax collection team.

As long as they obediently handed over what they wanted, they would not snatch any more.

Not to mention killing someone.

Not to mention killing the governor.

Under normal circumstances, no matter how powerful a pirate crew was in the Ares Star Field, they would not dare to kill the governor of a certain planet easily. An existence who could become the governor of a planet not only had individual strength, but also an extremely powerful background. Killing him would only bring about trouble.

Wasn’t he asking for money?

But now, Governor Lank had been killed under their noses! And he was smashed into a meat patty.

It had to be said that the reaction speed of a Planetary realm powerhouse was extremely fast. The other Planetary realm powerhouse brought by Governor Lank reacted extremely quickly. His reaction was—escape!

The mind power fluctuation that erupted when the red-bearded man killed

Lank was too terrifying. It was at least Four Satellites. Even the governor in the Three Satellites Planetary realm was killed in one strike. If he did not escape, would he stay and die?

In an instant, the aura of a Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse erupted. He instantly turned around and ran.

But since Xu Tui had taken action, he had already considered all of this. A terrifying aura suddenly appeared. A small dark-colored sword appeared above his head and instantly disappeared.

It was eight kilometers away when it appeared again above the head of the Planetary realm powerhouse. It appeared out of thin air and instantly slashed down.

God Slayer!

Without even a grunt, the mental body of the Planetary realm powerhouse stationed on Planet Manvo dissipated on the snot and fell from the sky

He was killed!

Derry was stunned! He could not help but turn around and look at Xu Tui. Coincidentally, Xu Tui, who had transformed into a red-bearded man with a pair of horns on his head, was floating low in the air, while Derry was standing on the ground.

The moment he turned around, he felt that Xu Tui was like a demon god.

A demon god that he had seen with his own eyes!

That aura and power were even more terrifying than the phantom of the god that had appeared when he was praying in the Holy Temple a long time ago.

At that moment, Xu Tui’s image was branded deep in his heart with a domineering attitude.

Xu Tui killed two Planetary realm powerhouses in a row with a wave of his hand. It was as if he was eating and drinking. He was calm and composed. If such a person was not an expert, who was?

Suddenly, an indescribable sense of rebellion and excitement surged again, causing Derry to tremble again. An indescribable thought instantly appeared.

Follow this mysterious and powerful Blue Star Human. Not to mention the future, at least for now!

Derry instantly made a decision, and he, who had some combat experience, took action. He let out a thunderous roar in the unique language of the Muyas..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1