Chapter 1362 - 1362: Loophole Of The Fire Screen And Teleportation

Chapter 1362: Loophole of the Fire Screen and Teleportation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui did not explore to the end of the cosmic tunnel. Or rather, the end of the cosmic tunnel in the solar system was the high-temperature Fire Wall.

The High-Temperature Fire Wall of the solar system had appeared in the technological exploration of the Blue Star a long time ago. Even now, it has appeared in the ears of Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star countless times.

However, everyone who heard it only treated it as a wall of fire.

Now, when Xu Tui personally saw the high- temperature Fire Wall of the solar system, he realized how strange the appearance of this thing was.

In the wide cosmic tunnel, an extremely thick screen of fire lay in it like a celestial river. There was no edge or end to it. The screen of fire seemed to have seeped into the endless void. It looked fine from afar. It just felt like a miracle. However, Xu Tui only had one feeling if he used his mind power to sense it.

He felt insignificant. It was like a grain of sand under the sky.

“This was… made by the Lord?” Xu Tui raised his head. At this moment, he seemed to be looking up at the starry sky.

“I think so. I’m not sure.”

“You’re not sure?”

“That’s right. I was sent into the Origin Domain Space long before the battle,” Little Six said.

These words suddenly stunned Xu Tui. “You were sent into the Origin Domain Space long before the battle. Was the Origin Domain Space prepared long before the battle? Does this mean that your so-called Lord had already expected to lose before the battle?”

“I’ve also asked this question! At that time, the Lord’s answer was that it was better to be prepared,” Little Six said.

That made sense.

Take Xu Tui’s way of doing things for example. If he really faced such a decisive battle, he would probably make similar preparations or backup plans. It was better to be prepared.

“It feels like this high temperature is not very high.” Xu Tui estimated that the distance between him and the high- temperature Fire Wall was about five kilometers. He could still withstand it if he tried to slowly approach it.

“Because it’s mainly targeted at outsiders. On the other end, ordinary Planetary realm powerhouses below Five Satellites would directly turn to ashes at your current distance. However, I don’t know much about it,” Little Six said.

“Then since it’s so powerful, why would there be a loophole? Why would it let the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race all rush in?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’m not too sure, but the source of its power is very complicated. Most importantly, it should be the sun. However, there were fluctuations in any kind of power. There were strong and weak times, and there was a foundation. Over the years, there have been all kinds of energy storms in the universe. To be honest, I think it’s a miracle that it could last until now,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was silent. In that case, the high-temperature Fire Wall of the solar system was really a miracle. Then, Xu Tui put on the four layers of Vajra Armor and began to approach the high-temperature Fire Wall. When he was close to three kilometers, Xu Tui’s fourth level of the Vajra Set was gone.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui roughly tested out his limits. When he pushed up all of the fifth-level Vajra Sets that he rarely displayed, he could get about two kilometers closer to the high-temperature Fire Wall of the solar system. Xu Tui did not dare to try another bold idea, such as teleportation.

It was better not to play with fire.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui began to explore along the high-temperature Fire Wall of the solar system in the cosmic tunnel. Of course, he was very far away. Three minutes later, Xu Tui, who had walked to a section of the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall, suddenly froze.

He felt that the temperature of the high-temperature Fire Wall in front of him was rapidly decreasing. Previously, even if Xu Tui was four kilometers away, he would have to use four layers of the Vajra Set to withstand it. However, he suddenly felt much more relaxed in this direction. He tried to walk forward.

Four kilometers, three kilometers, two kilometers, 1,500 meters.

Xu Tui was really stunned when he could still get close at 1,500 meters and still did not feel any pressure from the five-layered Vajra Set that he had carefully raised.

A hole!

There was a hole in the high-temperature Fire Wall of the solar system at the cosmic tunnel. If this continued, did that mean that the enemy could enter through this hole?

Xu Tui’s heart tightened when he was 1,000 meters away. He could still get closer.

Five hundred meters.

Four hundred meters!

Xu Tui’s outermost layer of the Vajra Set only began to slowly fluctuate when he was 300 meters away. He needed to replenish it with his energy field. However, the meaning behind this made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat.

Some of the Planetary realm powerhouses were extremely fast. For example, wind-type supernatural beings, lightning-type supernatural beings, or extreme-type supernatural beings who specialized in speed. It was not a problem for them to flash thousands of meters in an instant.

Or some supernatural being abilities, such as the Lightning Escape that Lei Tian had used previously, Cai Shaochu’s Escape Formula, and Xu Tui’s teleportation. Before such an ability, a distance of a few hundred meters was as if there was no distance.

Xu Tui felt that he could already pass through.

“Little Six, since I can get so close, does that mean that the enemy can also enter directly?” Xu Tui asked worriedly.

“They can’t do it now, but that doesn’t mean they can’t in the future,” Little Six said.

“Why?”

“I can be sure that the high-temperature Fire Wall you are at is definitely damaged. There are holes and even a large area of empty space. However, the reason why you could get so close was firstly because you were in the solar system, and secondly, because of your human identity. This high-temperature Fire Wall of the solar system can naturally distinguish between species,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui instinctively did not believe him. “Keep talking. How can a Fire Wall do this?”

“You think it’s crude?”

“Your Blue Star’s computers can accurately identify people! Do you think such a powerful existence can’t identify foes and allies? Using your technology to explain, a genetic characteristic that can’t be rewritten can complete all of this,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui frowned. This seemed to make sense. “However, it doesn’t seem to be of any use to reduce its defenses against the human race, right? Could it be to prevent humans from being incinerated after they get close?”

“Tch!” Little Six sneered. “Do you want to only be beaten up and not retaliate? A piece of trash who will always be protected will not be able to live long.”

“What you mean is that the Blue Star humans can actually use the high-temperature Fire Wall of the solar system as a defense and kill our way out of here. We can go out, but the enemy might not be able to enter?”

“Think about this yourself. I’m not even a human. I can’t guess what they’re thinking,” Little Six said.

The more Xu Tui thought about it, the more he felt that it made sense. Otherwise, the Fire Wall would not have the characteristic of being strong to the outside but weak to the inside.

“Little Six, I need to confirm one last question now. Are there any similar characteristics on the other side of the solar system’s High-Temperature Fire Wall? Is the lethality of the other side of the high-temperature Fire Wall of the solar system to the Blue Star humans similarly reduced?” Xu Tui asked.

“I don’t know! I’ve never been there. I only know that the Lord said that this is the prototype of the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall. I’ve never been to the other side, much less felt it. If you want to know, try it yourself,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was speechless.

If Little Six had a physical body, he would definitely put a gunny sack on him and beat him up. Sometimes, this guy was too infuriating. What if he could not return after he went over? What if the high-temperature Fire Wall on the other side was too powerful and incinerated Xu Tui?

As he thought about these questions, Xu Tui gradually approached the limit of the high-temperature Fire Wall in front of him that might be destroyed.

Three hundred meters!

300 meters away, Xu Tui’s Vajra Set began to fluctuate violently. If he got any closer, it would quickly melt. However, Xu Tui felt that he was too close. It was just the residual power of the high-temperature Fire Wall in the other direction.

Xu Tui looked at the red fire screen in front of him and thought about his previous thoughts. He had an urge. Why could the Great Xi Clan, the Muyas, and the Spiritual Race wreak havoc in the solar system? Why couldn’t the Blue Star humans come to their homes to kill?

If he really wanted to carry out such an operation, passing through the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall was the first factor. As long as he could pass through the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall, there was really such a possibility.

But could he pass through?

“Little Six, do you know how thick the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall is?” Xu Tui asked.

“I really don’t know! There should be a few kilometers. Including the radius, it’s at least ten kilometers.”

Xu Tui finally understood. Little Six probably did not know as much as he had imagined. In that case, he could only rely on himself to explore. Soon, he realized that he could no longer get close to the high-temperature Fire Wall of the solar system. However, his mind power could slowly touch it.

According to Little Six, this should be the identification of the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall.

It did not suppress the mind power of non-enemies.

However, when Xu Tui probed into it with his mind power, he realized that the red fire slip in his mind had been emitting a faint light. The faint light fused with his mind power, making it easier for him to explore the Fire Wall.

Although the feeling of a grain of sand falling made him very small, it did not prevent him from exploring.

Xu Tui carefully condensed his mind power into a thread and slowly seeped into the high-temperature Fire Wall.

A hole!

Soon, Xu Tui discovered a large number of holes in the Fire Wall. On the contrary, the other directions were more solid. This area was a thousand meters wide in some places. It looked very terrifying.

A few minutes later, his mind power passed through the empty space of the Fire Wall and another layer of fire that was hundreds of meters thick. His vision suddenly became empty. He had arrived at the cosmic tunnel again.

Xu Tui was stunned.

His mind power actually passed through the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall. However, the light of the red fire slip in his mind became brighter and brighter. It was obvious that it had enhanced Xu Tui greatly.

However, even with the enhancement of the red fire slip, his mind power could only reach more than three kilometers out of the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall.

He could only place his Spiritual Mark here.

“Should I try teleporting?” Xu Tui hesitated. A minute later, Xu Tui held a few life-saving cards in his hand. While the Vajra Set was activated to the extreme, the black eye of his left eye suddenly appeared.

Teleportation!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1