Chapter 1360 - 1360: Interrogating Kitawan

Chapter 1360: Interrogating Kitawan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Kitawan, a Planetary realm powerhouse, was instantly killed by Xu Tui.

With Xu Tui’s current strength, there was no doubt that he would be able to fight a One or Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. However, Kitawan was in the Planetary realm of the Supernatural Branch. Even if his head was shattered, his mental body would still exist for a short time. It could even be stored.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not use the God Slaying Sword.

The mental body would be completely destroyed if the God Slaying Sword slashed over. Xu Tui used the Ice Seal to restrict him and the Mountain Seal to kill him.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s boundless mind power surged over like seawater. He was prepared to control Kitawan’s mental body. He would use this short stay to interrogate some of the things he wanted to know through his spiritual radiation.

The reason why he did this was not to capture and interrogate him.

That was because Xu Tui still did not have the means to safely control a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Especially since Kitawan was the disciple of a top powerhouse of Itavi, he definitely had many life-saving methods. It was better to kill him with a lightning strike and use his spiritual radiation to obtain the information he wanted.

However, what surprised Xu Tui was that Kitawan was different from what Xu Tui had imagined.

Ordinary Planetary realm powerhouses would basically face death if their heads were shattered. Even if their mental bodies could temporarily stay, without the attachment of their heads, their mental bodies would dissipate in a short period of time.

However, Kitawan was different. His head shattered. Before Xu Tui’s mind power spread over, a spark suddenly appeared.

Kitawan’s mental body actually condensed into a small fire shadow.

A dwarf fire shadow.

This scene was exactly the same as the fire shadow that Itavi had used against Xu Tui. However, Itavi had been used to kill enemies previously. At this moment, Kitawan was using it to save his life when his head was shattered.

When Kitawan’s Fire Shadow appeared, his illusory face was filled with fear. He stared at Xu Tui in fear. Kitawan’s fire shadow figure dragged out a trail of flames and turned to escape. However, he had been instantly killed by Xu Tui when he had his physical body at its peak. Could he still escape with just his mental body?

That was impossible.

Xu Tui’s mind power was like a large net. It instantly set up an invisible barrier. The fire shadow figure formed by Kitawan’s mental body collided with it and was stunned.

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind power hand grabbed the fire figure formed by Kitawan’s mental body. Kitawan’s fire shadow still wanted to resist. Flames surged out, but it was scared silly by Xu Tui’s mental hammer.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashed down. Not only did it destroy the attack he had launched with the Fire Shadow, but it also dispersed his mental body, causing his Fire Shadow Dwarf to shrink.

There was no need for much. If he was hit three to four times by such a hammer just now, his soul would completely dissipate. He would not even have his last chance of survival. In an instant, he became obedient. He did not dare to resist or try his luck. He obediently allowed Xu Tui to hold him in his mind power hand.

However, there were tempestuous waves in his heart.

The person who dealt with him was either a human from the Blue Star or a member of the Spiritual Race. However, the Spiritual Race could not have come alone.

The person in front of him was most likely a Blue Star Human. Who could it be?

Hammer?

Suddenly, the fire figure that Kitawan had transformed into thought of a person from the mental hammer and the way the sword flew in front of him.

Xu Tui!

Not long ago, his teacher, Itavi, had reminded them to be careful if they encountered Xu Tui. Although Xu Tui was a quasi-planetary, he had the combat strength of the Planetary realm. The person in front of him was a quasi-planet. He was riding a sword and had a mental hammer.

It was definitely Xu Tui!

Kitawan had the urge to cry. Was this the combat strength of the Planetary realm? Even a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse could not kill him in one strike. Only a relatively powerful Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse could do it.

Xu Tui was already close to the Blue Star’s current top combat strength.

“Kitawan, you recognized me, right?” Xu Tui’s mental voice sounded in Kitawan’s body.

“You are… Xu Tui?” Kitawan carefully verified.

“You’re not too stupid!”

Hearing the affirmation, Kitawan was first furious, then instantly cowered and became helpless. He was furious because he had wanted to ask Xu Tui why he had attacked them when they were both humans of the Blue Star.

However, when he thought about their relationship with Xu Tui, including his current situation, he admitted defeat. At this point, there was no point in mentioning the Blue Star humans.

Kitawan thought through many questions. He was still very smart. Otherwise, he would not have been taken in as a disciple by Itavi. “Xu Tui, your strength is much stronger than what my teacher said.” Kitawan suddenly let go after he understood. He was not nervous. It did not matter anymore.

He had already come this far. He was going to die anyway. What was there to be afraid of?

“Has Itavi been here?”

“You want to know that?”

“Kitawan, I have a few questions for you. I hope that you can answer them truthfully. You should know about methods to target the mental body,” Xu Tui said.

“Actually, I also have a question that I want to know. I want to confirm it with you,” Kitawan said.

Xu Tui was surprised.

“Were you the one who ransacked and massacred the Sun Temple?” Kitawan asked.

“Eh, you guys found out?”

“It’s just a suspicion, but there’s no concrete evidence! Originally, I wanted to deal with you directly. Unfortunately, after you left the Blue Star and entered the Moon, everything changed. I never had the chance. Now, I just want to make sure,” Kitawan asked.

“Yes,” Xu Tui admitted readily.

Hearing this, Kitawan let out a long sigh. “As expected, Teacher’s strategy back then was still a little conservative and cautious.

“At that time, if we had attacked at lightning speed and killed you, even if the Huaxia Sector stood up for you, they would not have caused much trouble. They would not have become a huge problem now! A great disaster!”

Xu Tui sneered. “Alright, let me ask you now. The Spiritual Race has built more than ten Spiritual Planets in the solar system. There are more than 30,000 Blue Star humans raised on every Spiritual Planet. Moreover, these people would change every 10 to 15 years.

“Over the years, the number of Blue Star humans who had been spiritualized by the Spiritual Race had reached millions or even tens of millions.

“Under normal circumstances, the Spiritual Race would not be able to transport so many Blue Star humans away from the Blue Star. The information I received was that someone on the Blue Star was selling the Blue Star humans to the Spiritual Race.

“Did you do this? Among them, did your teacher, Itavi, participate in the sale of the Blue Star humans to the Spiritual Race?” Xu Tui asked.

This question made the expression of the fire figure that Kitawan had transformed into fluctuate, but he did not answer.

“Why didn’t you answer?” Xu Tui frowned.

“Do you think I’ll answer?” Kitawan laughed. “Do you think I’ll answer such a question at this point?”

The mental hammer instantly moved. Xu Tui used the vibration of his mind power to show the mental hammer. “Kitawan, I know that you know that you will definitely die, but how you die is within my grasp. If you want a quick death, you’d better answer me honestly,” Xu Tui shouted.

“Does it feel good?” Kitawan sneered. “Then hammer me! Come, come, hammer me with all your might. I can’t stall for long anyway. I’ll be completely free after a few hammers.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

It had to be said that Xu Tui had underestimated Kitawan. He had thought that Kitawan would confess everything in the face of a threat. He did not expect him to be so unyielding before he died.

However, Xu Tui could roughly guess the reason. It was just death. Kitawan had seen through it. It did not matter. Moreover, because his body had already been shattered, although his mental body had turned into a small fire figure because of the secret technique, it could not exist for long.

Xu Tui could sense that Kitawan’s fire figure’s aura was dissipating spontaneously.

“What if I give you a chance to live?” Xu Tui, who had understood the key to the matter, asked.

“That’s impossible.” Kitawan shook his head. “I have two clones that are 99-999% similar. One is on Planet Kono, and the other is on Mars. Previously, when I was escaping, my Fire Shadow could still pass through the quantum teleportation channel and quickly return to Planet Kono. It could also fuse into the clone body.

“Although there were all kinds of problems, it was not a problem for me to survive. However, your hammer just now had dispersed a quarter of my mental body. Coupled with the continuous loss of power, my Fire Shadow could not even pass through the quantum teleportation channel.

“It would only collapse in the quantum teleportation channel. Unless someone escorted me over on short notice. Do you dare?” Kitawan sneered.

Xu Tui was silent.

How was that possible!

He had to be out of his mind to escort Kitawan’s mental body to Planet Kono to seek survival. At that time, Kitawan would be able to consign Xu Tui to eternal damnation with just a word.

Suddenly, Xu Tui could not do anything to Kitawan.

According to the state of depletion of the power of his mental body, he would completely dissipate in 15 minutes at most. As for any method of torturing his mental body, it would only speed up his death.

Xu Tui felt a little regretful. He should have held back just now and thought of a way to capture Kitawan alive instead of leaving only his mental body.

He could only use the last move.

In an instant, Xu Tui activated his spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, and Spiritual Concealment at the same time. He wanted to use advanced hypnosis to control Kitawan’s mental body and find out what he wanted to know from him.

Even if he could not perform advanced hypnosis, he could use his spiritual radiation to observe the memories in Kitawan’s mental body and see if he could find any answers.

Of course, this was the most helpless method. He could only see a very small portion of the memories of the scene with his spiritual radiation. He might be able to see the scene he needed. Of course, there was a higher chance that he could not.

However, a minute later, Xu Tui was stunned.

He could not hypnotize Kitawan. Spiritual resonance and Spiritual

Concealment took effect. However, the spiritual radiation could not see the

image in Kitawan’s heart.

Kitawan’s Fire Shadow chuckled coldly. “Unless your mind power is 50 to 60% stronger than my teacher’s, it’s impossible to hypnotize or control me with your mind power. My teacher personally gave us mind power shackles.”

Xu Tui fell silent again. He knew about the mind power shackles. He had also used them on the members of the pioneer raiders.

He was really helpless about this! This time, he was completely helpless. He had originally wanted to interrogate some key things, but now, he could not ask a single question because Kitawan was facing death.

Xu Tui was very depressed.

At this moment, Little Six’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “It’s not easy to let him live! A completely purified Soul Crystal can naturally nourish the mental body. It can be placed inside for temporary storage.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He did not waste any time. He immediately operated and injected Kitawan’s fire shadow into the purified Soul Crystal.

This time, it was Kitawan’s turn to be stunned.

“Now, answer my question. You should know something about the questions I asked you, right? If you want to live, answer them.”

This time, Kitawan answered readily, “I want to live. I know a portion of it, but you have to promise me!”

Xu Tui’s anger rose even before he finished listening. The sale of the Blue Star Humans was indeed related to Itavi..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1