Chapter 1365 - 1365: Imposter Plan And Huge Pit

Chapter 1365: Imposter Plan and Huge Pit

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Muyas were relatively backward in terms of technology, or they did not have much technology.

However, they were not bad at using energy.

This was especially so for the absorption of underground energy. It seemed to be at the forefront. There was an Origin Energy flying car similar to a maglev that was used for transportation. However, only nobles and a small number of civilians could use it.

Overall, life was not as convenient as the Blue Star.

For example, the map was actually made of leather. However, just as Xu Tui was marveling, Derry took out an Origin Crystal that had clearly been refined.

“Sir, this is a map of the entire Planet Manyo. It’s a relatively detailed military map. There are only two such maps on the entire Planet Manyo.” Derry was a little smug.

“Who has the other one?”

“The other one is in the hands of the governor of Planet Manyo. Only the Holy Temple can make such a map. Ordinary people can’t get it,” Derry said. “What about the surrounding star maps? Are there any?” Xu Tui asked.

“No.” Derry shook his head.

Xu Tui followed the method given by Derry and injected his mind power into it. In an instant, a huge and detailed map surged into his mind power. Or rather, it unfolded in his mind.

Planet Manyo was considered an aboriginal planet of the Muyas. However, because it was constantly being migrated, its population was not high. The map showed that there were about seven large-scale city groups on the entire Planet Manyo. Their total population was more than a billion.

There were about 200,000 nobles. Half of the population was civilians, and the rest were slaves.

According to the rules of the Muyas, all the nobles were soldiers. Although many of the Muya nobles did not have any combat strength, from this point, there were at least 500,000 native troops on Planet Manyo.

The number of 500,000 looked terrifying.

However, it was very ordinary when dismantled.

For example, there were only three Planetary realm powerhouses on Planet Manyo. Governor Lank was a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. The other two Planetary realm powerhouses were all Two Satellites.

Other than that, there were at least nine quasi-planetary experts.

According to the rules of the Muyas, Planetary realm powerhouses with noble blood could be equipped with three quasi-planetary attendants and 30 Transmutation Realm attendants. Of course, this was the most basic. Those with powerful backgrounds might even have five or ten people.

On the surface, there were only three Planetary realms on Planet Manyo. There were at least ten quasi-planetary realms. There should be more than 100 Transmutation Realms.

It looked very powerful.

However, Planet Manyo was very large. In terms of area, it was not smaller than Earth.

These experts were stationed in seven cities. At a natural distance, if anything happened, only Planetary realm powerhouses could rush over in a short period of time. The speed of a quasi-planetary powerhouse was even slower.

After studying the map for a long time, Xu Tui suddenly looked at Derry and asked, “Derry, if, I mean if, the governor of Planet Manyo was killed by pirates, would there be any consequences?

“Will it attract your so-called Holy Temple’s enforcers or even your so-called god?”

The explanation to Xu Tui was very detailed. Among the Muyas, the one with the highest status and power was naturally a god. However, the god was not rare. At the very least, he had not seen it up close.

The more common ones were the bishop and the law enforcers of the Holy Temple.

According to Derry, the bishops of the Holy Temple were all super powerhouses. The lowest cultivation level was above the Seven Satellites Planetary realm. The cultivation level of the enforcers of the Holy Temple was all above the Five Satellites Planetary realm.

This batch of Muyas was also the true top rulers of the Muyas.

However, among the Muyas, the true ruler not only required cultivation, but also bloodline.

For example, some Eight Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses could only be the enforcers of the Holy Temple. Some Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses could be the Bishop of the Holy Temple because of their different bloodlines.

On the contrary, the power of the planet’s governor was not much in front of the Holy Temple.

Therefore, the other power on Planet Manyo that he had to pay attention to was the Muya Holy Temple. As a race that believed in God, it would be abnormal if Planet Manyo did not have a Holy Temple. Every city had a Holy Temple.

However, due to the remoteness of Planet Manyo, the officiant sent was only a quasi-planet.

This was also the reason why Derry said that there were at least 10 quasi-planets on Manyo.

However, the officiant would not participate in local wars unless a believer asked for help.

“Governor?” He was shocked when he heard Xu Tui’s words. “Sir, are you sure you can kill the governor? Governor Lank is a Three Satellites Planetary realm expert. He must have brought along a large number of quasi-planetary experts. There are even other Planetary realm experts.”

“You don’t have to worry about that. I’m talking about the consequences! If Governor Lank is killed, how soon can reinforcements arrive? What kind of fluctuations will it attract?” Xu Tui asked. “That’s complicated! It depends on who killed him.”

“Why?”

“For example, if he was killed by the people of the Chris Pirates, the chief of the Ares Star Field will definitely destroy the daring Chris Pirates. After all, he personally appointed the governor,” Derry said.

“What else?” Xu Tui raised his eyebrows, indicating for Derry to continue.

“But it’s different if it’s the Red Beard Pirates! The chief of the Ares Star Field might suppress them first, then slowly ask the higher-ups about their attitude before taking action,” Derry said.

“Why?”

“Because it’s said that the Red Beard Pirates have the background of the Holy Temple! The Holy Temple I’m talking about usually refers to our main temple, not an ordinary branch temple.”

“I don’t quite understand. Why would the people in the main temple of the Muya Holy Temple be related to a notorious interstellar pirate?” Xu Tui expressed his confusion.

“Sir, the things of the Holy Temple will always belong to the Holy Temple. If you want to use them, you have to have rules! What the pirate crew obtained is theirs. They can use them however they want.” Derry’s words were a little unfinished.

However, Xu Tui roughly understood.

As expected, this was the original sin of all intelligent life. Or was it his nature?

In the next moment, Xu Tui looked at Derry and smiled. He threw the Origin Crystal map to Derry and said, “I’ll give you a chance to perform. Which city should I go to if I want to become a pirate? Which city can snatch more things?”

Derry’s eyes instantly lit up. “Sir, you’ve asked the right person! I’ve already thought about the plan to loot Planet Manyo countless times in my dreams. However, I don’t have the strength and haven’t implemented it.

“Look, Gera City is the easiest place to attack. It’s the furthest away from Gav

City where the governor is. Moreover, there are most civilians and slaves—”

Before Derry could finish his sentence, Xu Tui interrupted him, “Alright, the target will be Gav City.”

Derry was stunned. “Sir, Gav City is the governor’s base. There is at least one

Three Satellites Planetary realm cultivator or even two! There was also the

Holy Temple of Planet Manyo in Gav City. Here…” Xu Tui’s gaze alone stunned Derry. He did not dare to say anything else. Then, he spread his hands helplessly and said, “Alright, this is your freedom, Sir.”

“That’s right, my freedom! Also, I want to plunder Gav City. I’m still short of a few subordinates. How do you think I can solve this?” Xu Tui looked at Derry with a smile.

The meat mountain trembled and said in fear, “Sir, are… are you serious?” “What do you think? I lack subordinates. How can I solve this?”

“Sir… I… Can I not go?” Derry looked stupid, but he was a smart person. How could he not understand what Xu Tui meant?

“What do you think?”

In the next moment, Derry wailed helplessly. “Sir, if I fail to rob and get captured, I might be stripped of my status as a noble! I might even be beaten into a special slave! However, with my appearance, not many nobles would like to use me…”

Derry cried on the spot. Xu Tui was stunned. What kind of freak had he encountered?

However, just 30 seconds later, Xu Tui’s gaze turned cold. When he revealed the killing intent, Derry wiped his face with his wings and stopped crying. “Sir, I’m very honored to be your subordinate! However, I think that just me is not enough. They should all join! Even if their combat strength is not good, they can run errands for you and move things, ” Derry said as he pointed at his subordinates.

If he could not escape, the others would not have a good time either.

“Sure, but don’t do it to the people following you.”

“Don’t worry, Sir! Also, I have a small suggestion for you to plunder Gav City.” “Speak!”

“Sir, you don’t even have a subordinate. Your pirate crew should be newly established, right?” Derry asked.

“Yes!”

“Then I personally suggest that we impersonate them. It’s easier to use the name of the Red Beard Pirates. At least a third of the people will be scared away. Even the governor might hesitate. Many people knew about the background of the Red Beard Pirates. Moreover, the Red Beard Pirates had rules. They would only take money and not kill high-ranking nobles,” Derry said.

Derry’s suggestion made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat.

Imposing was a good idea. At the very least, the risk would be much lower after the incident. Moreover, it felt good to have someone take the blame. Most importantly, even if this happened, it would be an internal conflict among the Muyas. It would not become a race pursuit.

If Xu Tui’s identity as a Blue Star human was exposed, he was certain that the law enforcers of the Muya Holy Temple would definitely attack.

“How do I impersonate them? I’ve never seen the Red Beard Pirates.”

“Sir, this is easy! I’ve seen it before! Two months ago, when the Red Beard Pirates passed by, they even gave me three female slaves. I can get their flags and so on. But your image has to change. Also, your combat uniform is rather special. You have to change it,” Derry said.

“Alright, you arrange it. I’ll leave it to you.”

“Don’t worry, Sir!” Derry beamed. A minute later, Derry, who was about to dress Xu Tui up, suddenly froze when he saw Xu Tui take off his combat uniform. He exclaimed in a voice that was about to cry, “Sir, you are… a human from the Blue Star?”

“Why? Do you… have a problem?”

“No… no problem!”

At this moment, he really wanted to cry!

He had jumped into a huge pit!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1