Chapter 1363 - 1363: Encountering Guards?

Chapter 1363: Encountering Guards?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment he teleported, Xu Tui activated his reflexes genetic ability chain and entered a super reaction state.

Xu Tui activated the Time Distortion.

In the past few months, he had invested a large number of cultivation resources and time into this genetic ability chain. Although he had not activated the abnormality, his Time Distortion had been slightly strengthened.

At this moment, Xu Tui suddenly had a strange feeling when he used teleportation. It was in slow motion. It seemed that everything had slowed down, making him even calmer. However, this slowdown was only extremely light. It was only because Xu Tui’s mental perception was extremely sharp that he noticed it.

A red light flashed in front of him. An indescribable high temperature instantly surged toward him. The outermost layer of the five layers of Vajra Set that he had raised was instantly melted.

However, at this moment, his mind power had already landed a few kilometers away. With a thought, he teleported again.

The moment he teleported, Xu Tui’s fourth Vajra Set was instantly melted. A golden energy field shield lit up. This was the Origin Crystal ability seal card that Li Qingping had given Xu Tui. The moment it lit up, the golden energy field shield melted again. At the same time, Xu Tui’s third and second levels of Vajra Shields also melted in an extremely short period of time.

The high temperature of the Fire Wall was too terrifying.

The moment he arrived, Xu Tui only had one layer left of his five-layered Vajra Set. Just as Xu Tui was about to crush the other two Origin Crystal ability seal cards, he felt the temperature instantly decrease rapidly.

The second teleportation was completed.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. He turned around and saw that he was about 12 kilometers away from the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall. He successfully passed through it.

Behind him was still the blurry cosmic tunnel. It looked exactly the same as the cosmic tunnel in the solar system, but its aura was completely different. In the cosmic tunnel of the solar system, perhaps because of the Sun Guardian, there was a hint of warmth. However, here, it was purely dead and cold.

Endless coldness and loneliness!

“Little Six, have I arrived at the Milky Way?” Xu Tui turned around and asked as he looked at the cosmic tunnel.

“Yes.”

Previously, Xu Tui did not believe An Xiaoxue when she said that Mr. Shang Long might have left the solar system.

However, Xu Tui believed her at this moment. If he could pass through the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall, then Shang Long could also pass through it. Similarly, the Great Xi Clan, the Muyas, and the Spiritual Race should have passed through the loophole of such a high -temperature Fire Wall.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to explore the Milky Way along the cosmic tunnel. Instead, he began to organize or arrange his escape route. It was very dangerous to take the risk to pass through the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall.

If he had been a little slower, Xu Tui might have turned into ashes in an instant. However, his thoughts were not limited to coming here. Therefore, he wanted to make some arrangements.

Xu Tui had already thought of a way. He would not have taken the risk to make such an attempt if he had not thought of this method.

First, he tested the destructive power of this high-temperature Fire Wall. Just like what Little Six had said, the high temperature at both ends was completely different. On the other side of the solar system, Xu Tui could resist the heat at

300 meters.

Five kilometers was Xu Tui’s limit in the Milky Way. When he was five kilometers away from the high-temperature Fire Wall in the Milky Way, the Vajra Set began to rapidly melt. The two layers of the Vajra Set could not even last a second.

This was where there were loopholes in the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall.

Xu Tui tried it out. The limit he could withstand in a place without any loopholes in the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall was eight kilometers. This was even when the lethality of the high-temperature Fire Wall of the solar system had weakened against the Blue Star humans.

In this case, the safe distance of the Fire Wall in the Milky Way was about 10 to 15 kilometers, while the safe distance of the high-temperature Fire Wall in the solar system was about 1 to 5 kilometers.

Coupled with the fact that the high-temperature Fire Wall was more than five kilometers thick, Xu Tui had to teleport more than 20 kilometers in one go.

This distance was not a problem. However, under normal circumstances, Xu

Tui would not be able to teleport over with the obstruction of the high-temperature Fire Wall.

However, Xu Tui had long realized that teleportation was not only within his line of sight, but also within the range of his mental perception. Other than that, it was also possible to teleport to a place with a Spiritual Mark.

As a result, Xu Tui scattered the Origin Crystal powder that had been planted with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker on the other side of the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall before he teleported.

At this moment, he could vaguely sense it.

A minute later, Xu Tui also scattered a few Origin Crystal powders that had been planted with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker in different areas on the side of the Milky Way’s High-Temperature Fire Wall.

He teleported again. In the next moment, Xu Tui was delighted. He had come over again. He had teleported to the solar system again. In the next moment, Xu Tui appeared in the Milky Way again.

Beautiful!

Xu Tui was elated.

Five minutes later, he left as much Origin Crystal Powder as he could with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. He followed the cosmic tunnel in the Milky Way and slowly explored downwards. He thought about another question as he explored.

Xu Tui could already pass through the high-temperature Fire Wall of the solar system and arrive at the Milky Way. However, this was a race war. This was a cosmic war. How many could Xu Tui fight?

One person’s strength was too little. He had to think of a way to bring more people through and then fight behind the enemy to affect the situation. Otherwise, it would not be very useful. Moreover, it was always Xu Tui who was swaying behind the enemy. That was simply dancing on the tip of a knife. It was too dangerous.

It was actually more difficult to find the node of the cosmic tunnel in the cosmic tunnel. It was like a blind person touching an elephant. He had to touch it bit by bit.

“Little Six, do you have the cosmic tunnel node in the Milky way?”

“I remember a few of the small universes, but they’ve probably been captured long ago. I don’t know much about the cosmic tunnel nodes here.”

This answer made Xu Tui a little frustrated. He could only use the stupidest method to search area by area with his mental perception. At the same time, he was also searching for any traces of passage.

If there were any signs of passage, he would be able to find a planet. However, Xu Tui knew very well how dangerous his current actions were. If he encountered a large group of other races in the cosmic tunnel, he would really have to escape.

However, due to the existence of the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall, there were no traces of passage in the cosmic tunnel in this direction. The entire cosmic tunnel was very quiet.

He searched for a full day but did not gain anything. In this vast cosmic tunnel, the light and shadow changed. He still had to constantly sense and explore. Even he was a little tired.

Xu Tui decided that he would return after exploring for half a day. He could not make his condition too bad. Although it was fine for him not to sleep for ten consecutive days, it would undoubtedly be very bad if he encountered an accident under such circumstances.

Xu Tui had been exploring for more than two days. In such a dangerous area, he had to pay attention to his condition at all times to ensure his combat strength. He had to be cautious!

However, seven hours later, when there were still five hours before his designated time to return, Xu Tui, who had been exploring, suddenly discovered a cosmic tunnel node above his head. There were no signs of passage.

The cosmic tunnel was a three-dimensional tunnel. The node of the cosmic tunnel could appear on the left and right, or above and below their heads. After considering it for three seconds, Xu Tui decided to enter the planet behind the node of this cosmic tunnel to explore. He wanted to see if he could find a suitable place to stay.

“Little Six, make the road signs.”

“Understood.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui passed through the node of the cosmic tunnel. The moment he passed through, he immediately spread out his mind power and sensed a castle-like fortress.

There was life here!

Furthermore, it was a lifeform that could build.

If not for the fact that this castle was extremely tall and that some of the designs did not match the style of the Blue Star Humans, Xu Tui would have thought that this was a defensive castle built by the Blue Star Humans.

It only vaguely had the architectural characteristics of the Blue Star Humans.

Why were there no guards? Why did he not find any technological defensive arms either? Was it empty? Xu Tui had a stunned expression. He tried his best to restrain his aura and carefully observed the castle.

It was obvious that this castle had a high level of restriction, especially for outsiders like Xu Tui. He could only pass through narrow passageways.

The tunnel was very long.

As long as he passed through this narrow tunnel, he would become a target for the guards. He could only take it head-on. It could be imagined that under normal circumstances, one would have to pay a huge price to pass through this tunnel. The price of blood.

But now, there was not a single guard.

The walls of the tunnel were extremely thick. They were so thick that Xu Tui’s mind power could not pass through them. The materials were unknown. They were not materials that Xu Tui had seen on the Blue Star.

Basically, he could eliminate the possibility that this planet was from the Great Xi Clan.

The Great Xi Clan’s technology was very awesome. They walked the path of technology fusing with their energy strengthening. If it was a planet of the

Great Xi Clan, the automatic weapon and alarm would have sounded long ago.

It could only be a planet of the Muyas or the Spiritual Race.

A minute later, Xu Tui slowly walked through the ten-kilometer-long tactical tunnel and found the door. Xu Tui could sense a not-so-thick mind power warning barrier on the thick door.

Someone was there!

As expected, someone was guarding it.

Xu Tui turned around and looked at the escape plan he had set up. He tore open the mind power warning barrier and quickly pushed open the door.

The scene outside stunned Xu Tui when the door opened. More than a dozen Muyas with different appearances were gathered around a long table. The table was filled with food that Xu Tui had never seen before, but he smelled spicy food.

Was this a guard?

The sound of the door opening made more than ten Muyas turn around and look at Xu Tui, who had appeared at the door.

Their gazes were more like dullness than shock..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1