Chapter 1364 - 1364: A Hard Nut And Soft Nut

Chapter 1364: A Hard Nut and Soft Nut

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Derry was the commander of the defense cosmic fortress on Planet Manyo. He was a Muya with a pair of wings on his back. Although he was a noble among the Muyas, not every noble could enjoy true power.

He had been sent to the cosmic fortress of Planet Manyo as the commander of the garrison. In name, including within the Muyas, the commander of any district was a high-ranking officer with real power.

However, there was actually a difference.

In some places, the commanders of the garrison had more than ten Planetary realms and hundreds of quasi-planets under them. They had a troop with thousands of people and had hundreds of thousands of slaves and civilians stationed in the fortresses under them.

In some places, there were only 15 people, such as the cosmic fortress of Planet Manyo that Derry was guarding. Including him, there were a total of 16.

Power? Most of the 16 cultivators were at the Evolution Realm. What kind of power could be produced in a small number of Transmutation Realms? And there were only a thousand of the civilians and slaves who were normally distributed to the fortress to maintain defense.

And now, there were less than 300 people. The rest had been played to death by them. If not for the fact that they needed someone to take care of them, not many of these 300 people would be left.

It was too boring. The cosmic fortress of Planet Manyo was called the Land of Silence amongst the cosmic fortresses. Not to mention enemies, even their own people rarely came here.

Derry felt like he was about to grow mold. But what could he do? He could only stay here. He did not have the ability and could not jump out of here. He could only live a peaceful life under the current conditions.

As a result, the vigilance he had set up was triggered. When a stranger suddenly barged in, they were a little stunned. They were a little surprised and even a little… joy!

Yes, Derry was shocked by Xu Tui’s sudden appearance. Then, he was pleasantly surprised. If there were no more accidents, he might die of fat, although he was already eating as much as a reared beast.

Although he was pleasantly surprised, his reaction was still a little slow after soaking in alcohol all year round. Before he could do anything, a small mountain instantly appeared above their heads.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal!

Xu Tui had wanted to kill all of them. However, he suddenly had a thought the moment Mountain Seal was instantiated. The guys in front of him were all very weak. Other than the quasi-planetary leader, the other Transmutation Realms and Evolution Realms were not worth mentioning to Xu Tui.

In the next moment, the Mountain Seal floated in the air. Xu Tui flicked out a water light, and a cold aura spread.

Ice Seal!

In an instant, Derry, who had just been tempted to attack, turned into an ice lump. The bone-piercing cold instantly woke him up and he felt the threat of death.

Xu Tui had also taken care of four other Muyas at the Transmutation Realm. They were sealed by him with ice on the spot.

Xu Tui’s treatment of the other 11 Evolution Realm experts was very simple. He spread out his spiritual resonance and activated his spiritual radiation and Spiritual Concealment at the same time.

In their eyes, Xu Tui had become their leader, Derry. And Derry was angry right now.

Under their instinctive reverence, Xu Tui used advanced hypnosis. However, this hypnosis did not make them fall asleep. Instead, he wanted them to treat Xu Tui like a god. In the future, they would be even more respectful to Xu Tui than when they were facing the real benefits. They would be very thorough in carrying out his orders.

The main reason for his success was that their strength was too weak, while Xu Tui’s mind power was really, really strong.

The mind power that only a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse could have, as well as the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence that was only

short of condensing a star after being strengthened to the extreme. To put it simply, it was like an anti-aircraft cannon hitting a mosquito.

Of course, under normal circumstances, Xu Tui would be able to obtain the information he needed if he controlled their leader.

However, the reason why Xu Tui controlled the others was that he suddenly had an idea when he saw how lax the defense here was. If he reduced the commotion and tried his best to keep this place as it was, would his safety factor be higher?

That was why he had such actions.

After hypnotizing the 11 Muyas at the Evolution Realm, Xu Tui understood most of the situation in just three minutes. The guards of the cosmic fortress on Planet Manyo were really, very lax. There were only so few people in front of them.

There were only 16 guards.

And they had been completely controlled by Xu Tui.

This Planet Manyo was considered a peripheral planet in the Milky Way controlled by the Muyas. However, because of its location, it was considered a planet at the back. Its defenses were rather weak.

However, most of these Muyas at the Evolution Realm were civilians among the Muyas. Their knowledge was limited. Then, Xu Tui began to interrogate the Muyas at the Transmutation Realm one by one. He felt a little helpless during the process.

Two of them were controlled very smoothly. Two of them had been freezed to death. They were frozen to death by the low temperature of the ice seal.

Xu Tui quickly checked on the leader’s condition. If this guy froze to death, all his previous efforts would be in vain. Fortunately, he had controlled the strength of the ice seal previously. Coupled with the fact that Derry was a quasi-planet and had a mountain-like body, he was still alive.

He used direct consciousness communication. “Let go of your mind power.

Don’t resist at all. Accept my mind power branding seed and hypnosis. Otherwise, I don’t have time to play with you!”

The mental body of a quasi-planetary powerhouse had already taken shape. Xu Tui could not forcefully hypnotize and control him like he did with those low-level Muyas. He could either be violent or cooperate.

Xu Tui was even prepared to use some violent torture methods that he had learned from Yang Huai. He would first cause the mental body of Derry to break down before controlling him.

However, in the next moment, Derry, whose ice seal had been removed, bowed first. “Honorable Sir, my mental body has been opened. Please use it to your heart’s content! I only hope that you can give your cute servant a chance to be loyal to you.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He looked at the small mountain of flesh in front of him and felt a little disgusted. Damn it, how could such a small mountain of meat be called a cute servant? Although his attitude was a little cute, his appearance was really…

But this attitude surprised Xu Tui. He could not believe it.

30 seconds later, Xu Tui successfully planted the seed of mind power self-destruction in Derry’s mental body. At the same time, he used advanced hypnosis to strengthen this guy’s loyalty and obedience. Only then did he size up the meat mountain with a stunned expression.

It had a human head, a pair of very bloated wings, and a basic human shape. It was a noble among the Muyas. He was a very cowardly noble. In the previous battle of Planet Kono, the Blue Star humans had captured many Muyas. Every one of those captives had been tortured by the true interrogation experts of the Blue Star.

However, every one of them had a tough mouth. They could not get any key information out of them. They were helpless against those hard nuts. And this Derry was such a soft nut that it made Xu feel unbelievable.

In just ten minutes of communication, Xu Tui obtained the information he wanted to know, including the military power of the entire Planet Manyo and the emergency measures of the surrounding planets.

Xu Tui was told about Planet Manyo’s actions after the attack, the military reporting procedure, the handling procedure, and so on. He had verified this information from the other Transmutation Realm and Evolution Realm Muyas.

It was all true!

There was no lie!

“Sir, if I may ask, which interstellar pirate are you? There are only Chris and the Red-Haired Pirates active in the nearby star field, but they are not large-scale. Which of these two families are you?” Derry asked carefully.

“Interstellar pirate crew?”

Xu Tui instantly understood. “Do you have many interstellar pirate groups here?”

“Of course! However, they only went to the city to loot. Usually, no one would dare to provoke our regular army,” Derry said.

“You’re not going to care?” “Do we dare?”

“What do you mean?”

“Basically, the Interstellar Pirates have some background. Otherwise, how could they have wreaked havoc for so long? If the higher-ups really wanted to destroy it, they would have done so long ago!” Derry said as he carefully observed Xu Tui’s expression.

However, Xu Tui was wearing a thick combat uniform. He could only vaguely see one or two changes in his expression through the mask. Derry did not obtain any useful information.

“Have any interstellar pirates come to Planet Manyo?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“How can there not be? They came two months ago! Those guys even gave me a three-woman slave before I came.” Derry pointed at his chest proudly.

Xu Tui sneered. “Are you talking about your body making the interstellar pirates submit, or are you talking about your strength? According to you, there are at least two to three Planetary realm powerhouses in an interstellar pirate crew. Would a quasi-planetary like you scare them?”

“No, Sir. Be it body size or strength, it can’t make any interstellar pirate crew afraid. However, my identity and bloodline could make them wary. Firstly, if I participated in the battle, they would not dare to kill me. If they killed me, they would be in big trouble. Secondly, my identity could directly push this matter to the higher-ups.

“At that time, the higher-ups would have to do something. At the very least, they would have to put on a show. After all, I have the bloodline of the great Nirohogg family.” At the mention of bloodline, Derry was very proud.

“Nirohogg?” Xu Tui frowned.

“It’s referring to our Dragon Bloodline!”

A few minutes later, Xu Tui roughly understood what the Nirohogg lineage meant. The Muyas valued bloodlines more, especially their appearance and abilities. Many of them were brought about by their bloodline. They were born with a high and low status.

The Dragon Bloodline, which was the Nirohogg lineage, had a high status among the Muyas.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of Darak, who was leading the attack in the solar system. That guy should also be from the Nirohogg Dragon Bloodline. However, when he thought about how Darak was constantly launching surprise attacks on the Blue Star Humans in the solar system, a very bold idea suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

Should he try being an interstellar pirate?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1