Chapter 1366 - 1366: A Useless Man

Chapter 1366: A Useless Man

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Gav City was the capital of Planet Manyo.

To Planet Manyo, Governor Lank was the supreme being of the entire Planet Manyo. Ever since Governor Lank took office, the governor’s residence in Gav City had been expanding. But Governor Lank still despised it.

The countryside!

It was still no different from the countryside.

For Lank, who had once stayed in the most prosperous Hades Star Field, Gav

City was no different from the countryside no matter how it was built,

However, he had no choice! Otherwise, he would have to return to Hades Star Field and be a fool. Therefore, although Planet Manyo was not much, at least he had people behind him. He was the supreme being here.

However, there were also problems in small places.

For example, two months ago, the famous Red Beard Pirates had only sent him a flag, and he could only obediently send them 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals, 1,000 holy tokens, 1,000 young men and women slaves, and 2,000 tons of various minerals.

Then, the Red Beard Pirates passed by. This made him very depressed.

What the Red Beard Pirates took away was his share of benefits.

None of the share of benefits for the other lords could not lessen, which included the people behind him, the share of the chief of the Ares Star Field that he was in. The tribute for the Holy Temple could not be touched either.

Therefore, only his share of benefits could be taken.

Unfortunately, Lank had no choice but to be angry. Fortunately, the Red Beard Pirates had always followed the rules. They usually only came once a year. However, when he thought about how the Red Beard Pirates would come again next year, Lank became even more depressed. He had to cut his flesh again

next year.

“I have to think of a way to make up for my losses!”

Just as he was thinking, Governor Lank’s butler, Belas, a quasi-planetary powerhouse, barged in in a panic. This made Lank frown. He was a little displeased. He was about to reprimand him, but the words of Belas stunned him.

“Lord Governor, Red Beard! Red Beard is here again!”

Lank was stunned! Three seconds later, Lank flew into a rage. “They’re here again. Why are they here again! Didn’t they just arrive two months ago? Were they going to follow the rules? Do they have any shame?!”

Butler Belas lowered his head and did not dare to speak. Of course, he had some thoughts. Aren’t you a little too naive to talk about rules and shame with a pirate crew? Of course, he did not dare to reveal this thought.

“Where are they? What request? What do they want this time?” Lank was trying to restrain his anger. He had wanted to come to this remote place to be a true supreme being. He did not expect to be stepped on by a pirate crew one after another. He was about to die of anger.

Unfortunately, when he came, his superior, the butler of the chief of the Ares Star Field, had vaguely reminded him. If he encountered the Red Beard Pirates, he would prioritize peace. After all, the Red Beard Pirates followed the rules.

But they returned every two months. Were they following the rules?

“Lord, Red Beard seems to have come personally this time!”

“What?” Lank was stunned! Red Beard, the commander of the pirate group, had personally come? How big was his appetite? “How many people did they send? How many battleships did they send? How many Planetary realms did they send?” Lank asked anxiously.

“Governor, they only sent one battleship. I don’t know about the Planetary realm. Anyway, Red Beard is at least one. His aura is terrifying. I feel that this time, it’s not what they want. The attendant handed me a message, saying that they wanted to discuss with you,” Belas said.

“The battleship is almost at Gav City?” Lank was stunned. Why did he only know about this when the battleship was in Gav City without the warning from their defense system?

Was this really…

However, when he thought about how resourceful the Red Beard Pirates were, Lank understood. With the resourcefulness of the Red Beard Pirates, it was normal for them to enter Planet Manyo without a sound.

“What do they want to discuss with me?” Lank was a meticulous person to be able to become the governor of a planet. He had to consider it before he met him.

Planet Manyo was a barren planet. In terms of resources, other than coming over regularly to plunder, Red Beard had no need to capture or destructively loot it.

Then, there was only one choice left!

Population!

It was said that the Red Beard Pirates also had their own planet, and population was the most important resource on a planet.

There was no other!

Without a population, nothing could be done!

However, Lank immediately thought that if they were asking for population, the Red Beard Pirates should have a few or even a dozen battleships, not one. They did not look like they were here to ask for population.

What would that be? What else was worth Red Beard personally making a trip to Planet Manyo?

While Lank was thinking hard, he suddenly had an idea. He immediately thought of the cosmic tunnel fortress on Planet Manyo. It was a place with irreplaceable value. However, because of its location, it had almost been abandoned over the years.

However, it was another matter if a pirate crew could control a cosmic tunnel fortress.

Suddenly, Lank became excited. He realized that he had found Red Beard’s true motive for coming. If he found the real reason for Red Beard’s arrival, he would be able to plan well in the subsequent negotiations.

In any case, the cosmic tunnel fortress did not belong to him. It would not be a problem to give it to the Red Beard Pirates. However, the Red Beard Pirates had to give him something in return, right?

At the thought of this, Governor Lank’s furrowed brows relaxed. That was what he would do! “Let’s go. Gather our men and go outside the city.”

He would definitely have to negotiate with Red Beard outside Gav City. Although the civilians and slaves here would not be affected even if they saw him dealing with the pirate crew, he still had to maintain the dignity of the governor of Planet Manyo.

He was usually high and mighty. If he went to negotiate with Red Beard now, his posture would at least be equivalent, so it was best to avoid ordinary people.

Five minutes later, the governor of Planet Manyo, Lank, soared into the sky and flew out of the city with a large group of people.

Actually, he did not bring many people with him. Lank himself, a Planetary realm powerhouse who had rushed over from nearby, five quasi-planetary experts, and 30 Transmutation Realm experts.

That was all. They would not be able to gather them in a short period of time.

Moreover, according to Butler Belas, less than 20 people from the Red Beard Pirates had come. It would be bad if he brought too many people and caused a conflict.

A few minutes later, in front of the forest outside Gav City, Lank, the governor of Planet Manyo, saw the Red Beard Pirates. Among them, the guy with the red chin and beard looked exceptionally majestic. His head looked a little smaller.

However, a ferocious red beard made up for these shortcomings.

After a short exchange, Lank brought his men and stood three kilometers away from Red Beard. He sent his butler to communicate while observing Red Beard on the other side.

As he observed, Lank frowned slightly. The red-bearded man opposite him was majestic, had a terrifying aura, and was extremely imposing. However, why did the guys under him look so lousy? He even saw that a few of their legs were trembling.

They were trembling!

Lank frowned. Was trembling legs a habit of the Red Beard Pirates?

On the other side, Xu Tui, who had disguised himself as a red-bearded man after using the Earth Body to strengthen his body, sighed helplessly.

What a failure! These able-bodied men that he had pulled over at the last minute were too f*cking weak. Two of them even started to tremble because of Lank’s arrival. He had miscalculated!

If this continued, he would be exposed. He could only take action in advance. In his mind, the flames in the red fire slip instantly surged into the genetic ability chain of the mental whip. The mental hammer that he had already condensed instantly expanded.

Then, without any warning, it appeared above Governor Lank’s head.

Boom!

Lank, who had not expected the red-bearded man to launch an attack, could not react at all. He felt his mental body instantly shake. The moment he woke up, an Earth Puppet Giant flipped over from under his feet and hugged him. At the same time, a small mountain blasted down on his head. Pain and darkness assaulted him at the same time..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1