Chapter 1368 - 1368: Massacre And Can This Thing Be Eaten? (2)

Chapter 1368: Massacre and Can This Thing Be Eaten? (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“All of you, stand where you are and don’t move! Lord Red Beard is handling matters here. I’ll kill anyone who dares to move!” Derry roared!

The voice of Derry was like a thunderclap that exploded. It shocked the people that Governor Lank had brought. It was not so much that they were frightened by Derry’s roar, but by the ferocity of the red-bearded man.

Of course, Red Beard’s notorious reputation was also extremely useful. The five quasi-planetary experts and 30 Transmutation Realm experts that wanted to escape in all directions were so frightened by Derry’s words that they stopped in place. They did not dare to move or escape.

Governor Lank and another Planetary realm powerhouse had been killed by Red Beard in one strike. Wouldn’t it be a piece of cake for Red Beard to kill them?

Whoever escaped would be a fool!

“All of you, squat down. Put your hands on your heads and squat on the spot. I’ll kill whoever moves first. There’s no need for Lord Red Beard to do anything!” Derry, who had succeeded in his roar, was extremely excited. He seized the time to show off.

Derry, who had once mingled with the Holy Temple and the Hades Star Field, knew too well what value was. Those who were worthless did not even have the chance to be a bootlicker. He had been sent to this godforsaken place to idle because he was worthless. And this was because he had used his connections and money to do it.

Unfortunately, he was young and reckless at that time and did not understand. After loitering here for so many years, he had already figured it out. He was a little enlightened, but unfortunately, it was useless.

Today was a coincidence. He tried his best to show off his value.

The remaining five quasi-planetary experts and 30 Transmutation Realm experts obediently squatted down with their hands behind their heads under Derry’s furious roar. No one dared to move.

How could they be afraid of Derry? They were afraid of Lord Red Beard, who

could kill Planetary realm experts like cutting vegetables!

Xu Tui was also stunned in the sky. He had thought that most of these people would escape. No matter how powerful he was, he was only one person. It was fine for the newbies to strengthen his momentum, but it was a dream for them to kill the enemy. He did not expect that all of them would be left behind with a roar from Derry.

This change made Xu Tui feel that his plan was about to change. He had originally wanted to take advantage of the situation and charge into Gav City. He wanted to loot it first before escaping. As for the rest, he did not care. In any case, he was just making use of this group of people.

It did not matter if the experts of Muya came to kill them or search their souls.

However, Xu Tui changed his mind. It seemed to be possible to develop it. This was especially so for Derry’s performance. It surprised him.

Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance had been activated. In this unfamiliar foreign land, his spiritual resonance was a little like an alarm. He could immediately sense anyone who had any ill intentions toward him.

However, in that instant just now, Xu Tui felt admiration, power, envy, and so on. In any case, he did not feel any hostility toward him from the passive resonance feedback. Instead, he felt admiration.

This was affected by his previous abilities, such as Spiritual Concealment. Coupled with the control of the mind power seed, Xu Tui felt that this guy could be used to cause trouble. In the future, even if this guy betrayed him, he would have created a powerful pirate for the Muyas. Some of them would have a headache.

“Go, recruit them. Ask them one by one if they are willing to join the Red Beard Pirates,” Xu Tui gestured for Derry to say. He used consciousness communication.

The Muyas could communicate in the Huaxia language, but their common language was the Muya language. Xu Tui had already learned this Muya language, but his pronunciation was not accurate. He could hear the difference the moment he opened his mouth.

“Sir, I can guarantee that with you around, as long as I ask them to surrender, they will agree to all of it,” Derry said.

“Go and ask. Then listen to my instructions! Also, from today onwards, you are the vice-captain of the Red Beard Pirates! You are the first person below me!”

Xu Tui’s voice made Derry so happy that he almost jumped up. As expected, his thoughts and performance were not wasted. He successfully obtained the recognition and importance of the lord in front of him.

A minute later, Derry began to ask questions one by one. “Are you willing to join our Red Beard Pirates?”

All the quasi-planetary and Transmutation Realm experts squatting in place gave the same answer.

They were willing!

No one was unwilling!

This made Derry a little ecstatic. With so many people joining, would a small portion of them accept his command? Would his status rise in the future?

However, Xu Tui did not wait for him to finish his surprise. He poured a bucket of cold water on him.

Xu Tui pointed out seven people for him. One quasi-planet and six Transmutation Realm experts gathered at the side. The remaining 28 captives gathered at the other side.

Derry was a little confused, but he could only do as he was told. He did not understand what the red-bearded man in front of him was thinking. The 28 people gathered together and looked at Red Beard in fear. Even if they looked, they only dared to look secretly.

“Tell them to gather a little.”

Derry did as he was told. The 28 people stood in an open space with a radius of about ten meters.

Xu Tui’s brows twitched when he saw the 28 people. “He moved. Tell Governor

Lank’s butler, Belas, to move aside..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1