Chapter 1361 - 1361: The Origin Of The Battle Of The Great Dao

Chapter 1361: The Origin of the Battle of the Great Dao

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“According to what I know, we have never directly traded with the Spiritual Race. We have only provided a large number of people to another group of people.” Kitawan’s answer surprised Xu Tui, but it also made him very angry.

“How much is a large number? Or do you know the identities of the other group of people?” Xu Tui asked patiently.

“I don’t know the exact number, but the total number might exceed a million.”

Xu Tui: “…”

Xu Tui’s anger at that moment was indescribable. He even had the urge to strangle Kitawan to death. Trading the Blue Star humans to other races to be raised as livestock was simply…

Kitawan seemed to have sensed Xu Tui’s anger. He quickly explained, “I’m just following the teacher’s instructions. I didn’t get any benefits.”

“So Itavi didn’t give you any cultivation resources?” Xu Tui sneered.

Kitawan was silent. This was also an unspoken mutual understanding. Otherwise, why would he do such a thing for his teacher?

“What’s the source of the population?” Xu Tui asked again.

“There are all kinds of skin colors in the various sectors. Of course, there will be more people in our sector. No one will care if those low-level people disappear. As for the other sectors, just release some temptation and make them disappear.”

Xu Tui had actually thought of this. Then, he asked the most important question. “Who did you trade with? How did you trade?” Xu Tui asked. “You have to promise to let me live.” Kitawan began to raise his conditions.

“No problem.”

“Get me a clone body,” Kitawan said.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He waved his hand and took back a piece of flesh from Kitawan’s shattered corpse. “With this, I won’t have anv problems

getting you a clone body.”

“But there’s no evidence!” Kitawan was extremely cunning in this aspect. “Do you have any evidence that your teacher asked you to do these things?”

“Orders are usually dictated, but I have circumstantial evidence! When my teacher asked me to do this, in the beginning, he called me in front of him to explain it personally. Later on, after he trusted me, he directly used a secret translation notice. The location and method of the transaction were sent to me by my teacher. Including the resources we traded. I have records of some of them,” Kitawan said. “Can you testify?” Xu Tui asked.

“Sure.”

“Alright, I’ll prepare a clone body for you. Give me this evidence when the time comes. We’ll exchange them equally,” Xu Tui said.

Kitawan hesitated for a moment before agreeing to Xu Tui’s request.

“Then who is the other party that accepted the Blue Star humans? Have you seen them? Are they from the Spiritual Race?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s definitely not the Spiritual Race. Every time I send these captives, I send them directly to outer space for a space shuttle exchange. If it was the Spiritual Race, I would definitely be able to discover it.

“Moreover, if the Spiritual Race could come to the outer space of the Blue Star, they would not need to trade at all. They would only need an attack to snatch away tens of millions of people. It was the Blue Star humans! The people who received the population from me are also from the Blue Star. I’m very sure of that,” Kitawan said.

“Which side is it from?” Xu Tui asked.

“I don’t know about that. The other party is very cautious and mysterious! They used a spaceship and a battleship, and there are no specific signs.”

Kitawan’s answer made Xu Tui frown again. “There are no characteristics for tracing?”

“Characteristics? Does the characteristics of the other party’s Planetary realm powerhouse count?” Kitawan said.

“Tell me about it.”

“I’ve traded dozens of times. Every time they come to receive the population, there will definitely be two Planetary realm powerhouses. One will keep an eye on the fleet, and the other will be on guard outside.

“Due to the location they chose was very secretive, I could not discover their characteristics. However, there was once when three Aerospace Combat Jets from the American Sector were suddenly discovered in outer space.

“A lightning ball appeared in the palm of the person on guard outside and blasted out. This lightning ball was a little special. It would split first before contracting. A lightning ball instantly split into three huge bolts of lightning that enveloped the three Aerospace Combat Jets. Then, they were pulled back in a flash of lightning.

“The three balls of lightning that had split apart fused into one with the Aerospace Combat Jet that had been pulled back. The lightning flashed for a second, and the huge ball of light became a lightning ball again.

“The three huge Aerospace Combat Jets, including the people and things inside, have already become a ball of molten iron.” Speaking of this, Kitawan still had a look of fear on his face.

“A lightning-type supernatural being?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, but this is the first time I’ve seen such a method of splitting and fusing the lightning ball. I’ve never seen it again. As for cultivation, I was only a quasi-planetary at that time, so I couldn’t sense it too clearly. It was at least a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, or even higher,” Kitawan said.

Then, Xu Tui asked for more details before putting Kitawan, who had fused with the Soul Crystal, into the quantum dimensional chain. This guy might be very useful in the future.

After thinking about it and organizing the information he had obtained, Xu Tui realized that the matter of selling the Blue Star population to the Spiritual Race was more complicated than he had imagined.

Itavi was not the only one who participated. There was also a faction behind him that had several Planetary realm powerhouses. To be able to send two Planetary realm experts to protect them every time, this faction would only have more Planetary realm experts.

However, according to Kitawan, this faction was extremely cautious.

Currently, the only clue was a supernatural being who could split and fuse the lightning ball, a lightning-type supernatural being with three or more Satellites.

However, this was really a characteristic.

Xu Tui had been fighting in space for two to three years. There were not many lightning-type supernatural beings. There were even fewer lightning-type supernatural beings above Three Satellites on the Blue Star.

But he had never seen a lightning-type supernatural being who could split the lightning ball and fuse it together, be it within the Blue Star or among the lightning-type supernatural beings of the Spiritual Race, the Muyas, or the Dissimilate Clan.

This could be used as a characteristic to slowly search for.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui quietly left the main base of the Black Princess Asteroid after looting more than 2,000 grams of Origin Crystals. The reason why he did this was related to Xu Tui’s subsequent plan. He did not want Itavi to link this matter to him. He wanted them to think that this was a robbery. It might be a Planetary realm powerhouse passing by and looting their Black Princess Asteroid.

This was beneficial to Xu Tui’s subsequent plans.

Then, Xu Tui passed through the cosmic tunnel node. He left the Black Princess Asteroid and entered the cosmic tunnel again.

The discovery of the Black Princess made Xu Tui’s heart a little heavy. He followed the direction of Ceres Star and walked along the cosmic tunnel. Along the way, he encountered two more small cosmic vortex light doors. However, they were both sealed and could not be entered.

During this time, Little Six even brought Xu Tui into three cosmic tunnel nodes that it had entered in the past.

According to Little Six, this was a very prosperous planet in the past. It could be said to be a magnificent scenery. But it was desolate after he entered. The living environment was extremely harsh. It was either high or low temperatures.

According to Little Six, that might have been affected by the battle back then.

What kind of battle could affect the environment of a planet to such an extent?

Little Six did not say anything about a battle. Little Six said that he did not participate in the battle. If he had participated in the battle, it would be gone now.

This aroused Xu Tui’s intense curiosity.

“Little Six, since you said that the Transcendents and Small Universe experts were so powerful on the human side back then, why are they gone now? In the end, the Blue Star humans hid in the Blue Star and almost went extinct. On the other hand, the Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race had developed so much. The three races were almost dominating the Milky Way. Were the

Blue Star humans defeated in that battle? Or did your side lose?” Xu Tui asked.

Little Six’s voice became low. “I don’t know! Under normal circumstances, it’s impossible for our human side to lose. They’re so powerful…”

“So they lost? Otherwise, why would there be an Origin Domain spatial seal or even a high-temperature fire wall?” Xu Tui speculated.

“Impossible. Those trashy things can’t defeat us…”

Xu Tui could hear the emotions in Little Six’s words. It was very likely that the human side had lost. He suddenly felt an indescribable pressure. In that battle countless years ago, humans had Transcendents and a large number of Small Universe powerhouses, but they had all been defeated.

What about now? What could the Blue Star humans use to fight the Muyas, the

Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race? The Muyas, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race had developed in the Milky Way for so long before the Blue Star humans stepped into the solar system.

This pressure…

“Are you afraid?” Little Six’s voice suddenly rang out. “Don’t deny it. I can sense your mental state.”

Xu Tui did not say anything.

Little Six was silent for a few seconds before he suddenly said, “They might have lost! If the humans lose, if the Lord and the others lose, it won’t be because the enemy is too powerful, but because of ourselves!”

“Ourselves?” Xu Tui was confused by Little Six’s words. Why was the failure of the battle related to himself?

“That’s right. This is the origin of the battle for the Great Dao!”

“The origin of the battle for the Great Dao? What’s the origin? What exactly is the battle for the Great Dao?” Xu Tui had a puzzled expression.

“You’ll definitely know in the future,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was speechless. “Can’t you tell me now?”

In the next moment, Little Six’s answer stunned Xu Tui. “I’m not a human. How would I know about this?”

Xu Tui was stunned. He could only explore further. After traveling in the cosmic tunnel for about half a day, it suddenly became hotter and hotter. He traveled for another two hours. Far away, red light covered the sky and earth. An extremely thick screen of fire lay in the middle of the cosmic tunnel, cutting through it.

Xu Tui instantly knew what it was.

The Fire Wall of the Solar System!

The Guardian of the solar system..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1