Chapter 1374 - 1374: Holy Temple Depot

Chapter 1374: Holy Temple Depot

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

As the officiant of the Muya Holy Temple, his mind power was so powerful that it was comparable to a Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. This made him know his body like the back of his hand.

His head had indeed been severely injured previously, but at this moment, his head gave him a completely different feeling.

Previously, the back of his head had been smashed. But now, he felt that not only had his skull been treated, but his scalp, the soft tissue under his skull, and so on had all been cut and stitched up with precision.

The Muyas were very good at studying the physical body. Otherwise, how would the Muyas have so many strange abnormalities? This meant that his head might have undergone a modification or invasion that he did not know about.

Xu Tui smiled when he saw the terrified Gabe. He looked at Gabe and said, “As the head of the Muya Holy Temple, you should have some understanding of alien species, right?”

Gabe looked at Xu Tui in fear. He did not say anything. He did not dare to say or guess.

The consequences were too terrifying!

“The alien species have a technology called nano molecules. Yes, it’s very, very small. It’s so small that you can’t see it with the naked eye. However, they used this nano-molecular combination to create a nano-molecular control octopus. I implanted it in your head just now. See, if you don’t listen one day, it will explode!”

Whoosh!

“It’ll blow your head to pieces.” Xu Tui wanted to say that it would explode into a rotten watermelon, but he did not know if the Muyas had the concept of a watermelon. The face of Gabe turned pale. “Of course, I haven’t activated it yet.

I’ll activate it now. You should be able to sense it.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui smiled coldly and pressed the button in his hand.

Almost at the same time, an indescribable horror appeared on Gabe’s face. In Gabe’s mental perception, he felt an invisible object in his head suddenly contract and pierce deep into his mind.

This thing was very, very small, but he could sense its existence.

“You should have sensed it, right? I’ll tell you the effects of this thing and the way to remove it.” Xu Tui had a smile on his face.

However, Xu Tui’s smile was like a demon’s smile in the eyes of Gabe.

“Of course, if you’re disobedient, I can detonate it! Hmm, if you break through to the Planetary realm, you can change your body after your mental body leaves your body. You can also get rid of the control.”

Xu Tui’s words made Gabe so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood.

It was not difficult for him to break through to the Planetary realm with his status. However, he was unwilling to change his mental body to a different physical body. Second-hand goods were far inferior to originals.

“Or you can find technological methods in a higher domain and see if you can deal with it or successfully detonate it. The last method is the controller in my hand. It can perfectly unlock it.” Xu Tui waved the controller in his hand. Then, he threw the controller into the quantum dimensional chain.

As the officiant of the Holy Temple, Gabe’s mental fortitude was still very strong. He quickly recovered. He looked at Xu Tui with dark eyes and said, “I know that you are not Red Beard, but I don’t want to delve into your identity. Tell me, what do you need me to do! How much do you need me to help you before you’re willing to let me go?

“Clever!” Xu Tui clapped and laughed. “Let me tell you something. I just killed the governor of Planet Manyo, Lank. However, his butler, Belas, and the others, have already surrendered to me. I want to control this planet for a long time through you. Or rather, I want to postpone the time when the Ares Star Field discovers that there is a problem here. Derry said that you should have the means and ability to do so.”

Among the Muyas, the true ruling class was actually in the Holy Temple. For example, although Governor Lank was appointed by the Chief of the Ares Star Field, the Chief of the Ares Star Field was appointed by the Holy Temple.

The inner departments of the Holy Temple were also complicated. But the officiants have some statuses.

“That’s very difficult. It’s almost impossible,” Gabe said silently.

“If it was easy, I wouldn’t go through so much trouble! Look, this matter is very simple. You did it and you’ll live well. You are still the officiant. If you can’t do it, then, bang!”

Gabe’s face darkened. Xu Tui felt that he looked like a great villain.

“If I do it, will you remove the control for me?” Gabe asked.

Xu Tui did not answer. He chuckled, causing Gabe to feel a little despair.

“Five years. Five years later, I’ll help you remove your control.” Xu Tui finally gave a promise that even he did not believe.

Xu Tui keeps his promises towards his people. He did not know how trustworthy this promise was to his enemies, especially foreign enemies.

“You promised me. Five years.”

“Five years!”

“Alright! I’ll try my best. I’ll try my best to stall for time. Of course, if there are any accidents, I’ll choose to try my best to preserve your strength.” Gabe first left himself a way out.

Xu Tui did not care about that. He had casually set up a chess piece on Planet Manyo. It would be best if it could succeed. If he could not succeed, Xu Tui would leave. It did not matter.

At this moment, Xu Tui was looking into the Holy Temple. Without a doubt, what the Muya Holy Temple worshiped was definitely the god of the Muyas, the so-called Lord. An impulse rose in Xu Tui’s heart. He wanted to take a look and see what the god that the Muyas worshiped and prayed to every day looked like.

Little Six’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s mind. “Xu Tui, I advise you not to do it! The Holy Temple is their dojo, although they will not pay attention to this place at all times.

“However, there was a high chance that an outsider would be discovered by them when they entered the Holy Temple and stared at the statue that they had branded with their Spiritual Mark.

“Ah Huang showed me a saying. When you stare at the Divine Abyss, the Abyss is also staring at you. Now, it’s best not to look.”

What Little Six said made sense. Xu Tui suppressed the urge after he thought about it.

“Let’s go. Bring me to the temple’s warehouse to take a look.”

Gabe looked at Xu Tui helplessly. He could only bring Xu Tui to the warehouse. However, he was already howling in his heart for his collection. The officiant of the Holy Temple was also a lucrative job.

In the sealed warehouse of the Holy Temple, Xu Tui was a little picky. It was nothing much. Origin Crystals were only 40,000 grams. It was too little! There was also a large amount of currency that the Muyas used. Xu Tui took a little of it casually. It was useless to him.

Thousands of empty personal holy tokens which were useless. There were three Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens, but they were also the kind that had not been filled.

“Why isn’t this Myriad Thoughts Holy Token filled?” Xu Tui was a little surprised by this. He had already obtained 11 in the governor’s residence. It doesn’t make sense that there was none in the Holy Temple.

“Sir, those who can come to the Holy Temple to pray are all nobles or civilians with status. They won’t pray for a long time. The holy power they pray to obtain will only be stored in their personal holy tokens.

“On the other hand, the governor could directly store the holy power that the slaves had prayed for in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. After all, the governor has a large number of slaves of holy power,” Gabe said.

Xu Tui knew about the slave of holy power. To the Muyas, holy power was a renewable resource. Since praying could produce holy power, there were special slaves who did this work. However, there were also many restrictions.

“Eh, what’s this?”

Xu Tui saw another transparent bottle at the furthest end of the warehouse of the Holy Temple. There was a faint golden liquid in the bottle. The material of the bottle should be able to hide his mind power. He could not sense the aura fluctuations inside.

However, just by looking at the location, he knew that it was different.

Seeing this bottle, Gabe’s heart was bleeding, but he immediately replied, “Sir, this is liquefied holy power. The effect is similar to the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.”

Gabe’s answer made Xu Tui reveal a faint smile. Under Gabe’s terrified gaze, Xu Tui took out the controller from before. “Let me tell you something. I have the ability to spy on the mind. You lied just now! This is the first and last time I allowed you to lie. Next time, I’ll press and detonate it!”

Xu Tui’s words made Gabe’s back sweat profusely. What kind of f*cking spiritual peeping ability could discover if he was lying? “Sir, I’m not lying. This is indeed liquefied holy power. However, it was condensed over time under the light of the Lord and pious prayers of trust. It was also called the Blood of

Radiance.

“For example, the Holy Temple on Planet Manyo could only produce one bottle every five to ten years. Of course, its effect was also stronger than the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

“However, the most powerful thing is that this Blood of Radiance can greatly increase one’s strength and increase the possibility of breaking through to the Planetary realm, especially when used by nobles. It can also purify and strengthen the power of the bloodline to a certain extent.”

Xu Tui’s brows twitched slightly as he listened. The Blood of Radiance could increase the probability of breaking through to the Planetary realm. Just this alone was a treasure. He wondered if it could still be used by people other than the Muyas.

“Sir, to be honest, this bottle of Blood of Radiance is for me to break through to the Planetary realm,” Gabe carefully added.

However, Xu Tui pretended not to hear him. He put the bottle of glorious blood into his quantum dimensional chain. No matter what, he had to study it first. If the Blue Star humans could use it, it would be a treasure.

“Let’s go. I’ll bring you to broaden your horizons.” After sweeping through the warehouse of the Holy Temple, Xu Tui brought Gabe and headed straight for the governor’s residence. In a martial arts hall at the back of the governor’s residence, Belas and Derry were excitedly using the method Xu Tui had taught them to refine the Blood Crystals.

Every time they obtained something, even if it was only one or two grams of Blood Crystal Crystals, it still made them inexplicably excited. According to the cultivation effect of the blood crystals and soul crystals they had used just now, this was more than ten times faster than their daily bitter cultivation. If possible, they wanted to completely rely on this to cultivate in the future.

Gabe did not understand.

Could crystals be refined from corpses?

This was the first time he had seen this.

Xu Tui and Gabe’s arrival surprised Derry and Belas for a while. However, they immediately understood when they saw Gabe’s expression. They were kindred spirits! Even someone as noble as the officiant had been captured by their master at this moment and become their kindred spirit.

“Sir, I want to try.”

“Go ahead.”

In this short period of time, Derry had already transferred a few Evolution Realm, Mutation Realm, and even the lowest level slaves to wait through the authority of Belas.

Seeing that Xu Tui had approved it, he immediately began to use the living Muyas to refine the blood crystals and soul crystals.

This scene shocked Gabe. He did not understand what was going on.

“Try to refine it.” Xu Tui handed a blood crystal to Gabe and asked him to refine it directly.

A minute later, Gabe, who had absorbed a portion of the power of the blood crystal, trembled all over. He screamed in fear, “This… Which demon invented this method? It’s over. If the Supreme Lord knows this, he will definitely purify us! He would definitely purify everyone who knew about this method! He definitely would! I’m finished!”

Xu Tui was stunned when he saw Gabe who suddenly looked as if he had lost his soul..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1