Chapter 1375 - 1375: Perfect Plan

Chapter 1375: Perfect Plan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“This time… I’m really done for… The supreme Lord will definitely purify me. Why, why did you let me know this…? Devil…” After refining a little blood crystal, Gabe seemed to have been possessed. In the end, he collapsed to the ground, tears flowing!

Xu Tui was completely confused. He did not quite understand. That was not the case. He knew that the method of refining the Muyas into blood crystals and soul crystals would indeed be extremely poisonous. It would be extremely harmful to the Muyas in the future.

However, Gabe would not be like this. He looked like his faith had collapsed.

It was Derry behind Xu Tui who explained it to him.

Actually, Xu Tui did not know much about the internal situation of the Muyas. Among the Muyas, population had always been the most valued resource.

The Muyas even stipulated that if a slave could bear more than four children, one of them would be able to get rid of his slave status. If they could bear more than seven children, a slave couple would be able to obtain civilian status.

Of course, there were also detailed rules, such as how many years the child had to live. However, in essence, population was the number one resource of the Muyas.

This was because the most important renewable resource of the Muyas, which was holy power, required a large number of people to achieve it. However, the method of refining blood crystals and soul crystals that Xu Tui had passed down was essentially plundering resources. It was also targeted at the population.

If one day, the higher-ups of the Holy Temple knew of this method, they would definitely purify everyone who knew of this method immediately. No matter who it was, there would be no exceptions. This was the reason why Gabe was so afraid and helpless at this moment.

This was because from this moment on, as long as the Lord knew about this in the future, he would definitely be purified. No matter how much contribution he made or how he reported it, it was useless. He would definitely be purified!

This was the fundamental reason for Gabe’s mental breakdown. Actually, that meant that from this moment on, Gabe had no way out.

Under the lead of Derry, Belas also began to try to refine the living Muyas.

Xu Tui had mixed feelings when he saw this scene. How should he put it? He rather admired guys like Gabe who had a bottom line. He instinctively did not like people such as Derry and Belas.

However, from the perspective of the Blue Star humans, Xu Tui preferred Derry and Belas.

Xu Tui could not do anything to a person whose ideals or beliefs had collapsed. He could only let Gabe stay limb. It would work if he could straighten out his thoughts. If not, he would probably be crippled.

Of course, Xu Tui would not let him off just like that. There would definitely be a lot of waste being used and refined into blood crystals and soul crystals. Especially since his mind power was super strong, he could definitely be refined into more than 20 grams of Soul Crystals.

A few hours later, Xu Tui made another shocking discovery after Derry and Belas refined more than 20 Muyas of different cultivation levels, including the Muya slaves.

It was related to soul crystals.

The number of blood crystals obtained from refining a Muya was related to the Muya’s cultivation.

For example, the strongest Transmutation Realm expert could only be refined into five grams of Blood Crystal. However, the Muyas at the Evolution Realm could only be refined into about one gram of Blood Crystals. There were also a few that were less than one gram.

Below that, three to five Mutation Realms could only be refined into a gram of blood crystals. The efficiency was very low. As for the lower-level slaves, hundreds of people could only be refined into a gram of blood crystals.

However, Soul Crystals were different.

Among the Muyas in the Evolution Realm, supernatural beings could be refined to more than a gram of Soul Crystals. However, it did not exceed the range. It was 1.2 grams, or more than 1.3 grams. Those who were not supernatural beings were less than one gram.

What surprised Xu Tui was that the Soul Crystals obtained by the Mutation Realm who were not supernatural beings were also 0.2 grams. Most of them were less than 0.2 grams.

What surprised Xu Tui even more was that the Muya slaves, who did not have much cultivation, could also be refined into Soul Crystals.

Most of them could be refined into 0.1 grams of Soul Crystals. Occasionally, the old and weak could only be refined into less than one gram of Soul Crystals.

However, basically, any slave could be refined into 0.1 grams of Soul Crystals. This meant that if there were 100,000 Muya slaves, they could refine 10,000 grams of Soul Crystals.

How many supernatural beings and Planetary realm powerhouses could 10,000 grams of Soul Crystals create? 10 peak-level quasi-planetary powerhouses should not be a problem, right?

This number made Xu Tui’s heart thump.

What about the million Muya slaves?

Xu Tui did not know how many Muyas there were. However, just this Planet Manyo alone had a population of one billion people. Suddenly, Xu Tui felt that only 30% of the refinement gains were too little.

Unfortunately, he did not have the time. Moreover, the method of refining blood crystals and soul crystals could only be used by quasi-planetary experts. Otherwise, Xu Tui would only need to stay on Planet Manyo for a month to bring hundreds or even thousands of quasi-planetary experts back.

If there were thousands of quasi-planets carefully arranged in a war array, who would not be afraid?

Just as Derry and Belas figured out the refinement data, Gabe, who had been in a state of collapse, suddenly stood up slowly.

Xu Tui looked over. Has he recovered?

Gabe personally tried to absorb another Soul Crystal in front of Xu Tui. He then said to Xu Tui, “Sir, I should be able to teach this method to my subordinates, right?”

“Of course! However, I want to take 30% of your gains.” Xu Tui could not wait for more and more of the Muyas to know about this method. Even if the so-called Lord of the Muyas knew about it and purified them with all his might, it would still severely injure the Muyas.

“No problem.” Gabe glanced at Belas and Derry. “Sir, do you want to rely on

them to control Planet Manyo?”

“Of course, they are currently my most trusted subordinates. Of course, that includes you.”

“What about Governor Lank? Was he captured?”

“It has already become that thing.” Xu Tui pointed at the blood crystal and soul crystal in Gabe’s hand.

Gabe frowned and thought for a moment before saying slowly, “Sir, the death or disappearance of Governor Lank can’t be hidden for long. In two years at most. In two years, the governor will report to the chief of the Ares Star Field.”

“Two years is also a long time.” Xu Tui was very satisfied with this time. Two years was enough for him to do many things.

“However, this is only a debriefing. There are countless incidents that might expose the death of Governor Lank. So there are two things to do,” Gabe said.

“Speak.”

“First, we have to take the new governor candidate into our hands. For example, we have to make one of these two guys the new governor. Even if I could use a huge amount of wealth to pave the way for them, one of them had to be in the Planetary realm. Only a Planetary realm can become the governor. This is an ironclad rule!” Gabe said.

“Sure, I can do my best to nurture them,” Xu Tui said.

“Secondly, we need to create another focus. Although Sir’s incident on Planet Manyo is very tight, so many people have died. In the long run, all kinds of rumors will spread.

“Therefore, Sir, you have to do something else to create the focus. Otherwise,

Planet Manyo will definitely welcome the inspectors sent by the Chief of the Ares Star Field within two to three months. There will even be law enforcers from the Holy Temple who will come to patrol,” Gabe said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he heard Gabe’s words. To be honest, in this aspect, Gabe was much more professional than Derry and Belas. It was no wonder that Gabe could become the officiant. His temperament was quite impressive.

“What do you need me to do?”

“Lead the Red Beard Pirates to massacre another planet and disappear without a trace!” Gabe said.

Xu Tui was stunned for a while. Then, he clapped. “Not bad. You’re very considerate. Since you suggested this method, you must have a target planet, right?”

“Of course. Between us and Planet Manyo, there is a Planet Cobila. The governor is a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, and the officiant is a One Satellite Planetary realm powerhouse.

“As far as I know, there are only four Planetary realm powerhouses on this planet. There won’t be more than five of them. Sir, you should be able to deal with them, right?” Gabe looked at Xu Tui and said.

“Of course.” Xu Tui nodded confidently. “However, I’ve always been a lazy person. I won’t waste any energy if I can save it. I think that you must have an easier way, right, Gabe? Oh, that’s right. From today onwards, you will become a member of our Red Beard Pirates and participate in the battle with the team,” Xu Tui said.

Gabe looked at Xu Tui and asked, “Do I have to participate in the battle?”

“Of course, you might not have heard of the Proof of Allegiance. To put it simply, if you don’t kill one or two officiants, I won’t be able to completely trust you,” Xu Tui said directly.

Gabe was silent for a moment. After a long time, he let out a long sigh and nodded. “I don’t have any other choice, do I? Sir, in the name of the Holy

Temple, I will bring people directly into the interior of the Planet Cobila’s Holy Temple. I will first take down the officiant of Planet Cobila. Then, in the name of the Holy Temple, I will invite the governor and the other Planetary realms over. There shouldn’t be a problem. Basically, there won’t be any possibility of being exposed.”

“A perfect plan!” Xu Tui clapped.

“If vou have decided on the time to set off. inform me. I’ll send an exchange letter to the officiant of Planet Cobila.” After he finished speaking, Gabe bowed slightly to Xu Tui and turned to leave. His back view seemed a little lonely.

Xu Tui watched. Gabe seemed to be a talent.

“Sir, don’t be fooled by this old thing. This old thing is using his position to take revenge for his personal grudge! He and Kaedo, the officiant of Planet Cobila, have been enemies for many years. He’s using you to take revenge. Old scoundrel!” Derry scolded.

Gabe, who had just walked away, staggered on the spot when he heard Derry’s words.

Xu Tui smiled when he saw this scene. Interesting. It was really interesting.. Was that stagger just now an act, or was it real?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1