Chapter 1378 - 1378: Holy Token And The Expeditionary Force

Chapter 1378: Holy Token and the Expeditionary Force

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There was a huge statue erected in the main hall of the Holy Temple on Planet Cobila. On the left hand of the statue was an open book.

The book in the statue’s left hand suddenly surged with a dense milky white light. A grand aura was coming out of the book at this moment. Then, it led the aura of the entire Holy Temple to spread in all directions.

Not far away, in the cultivation hall of the Holy Temple, be it the Gabe, Kadeo, or many others, they instantly sensed this grand holy power fluctuation.

However, their reactions were completely different.

Kaedo, who had just been beaten up by Gabe and controlled by Xu Tui and Gabe, had an ecstatic expression. His eyes were filled with hope.

Xu Tui was a little confused. He did not know what had happened. How could such a powerful holy power fluctuation suddenly erupt in the Holy Temple? Could it be that Kaedo had triggered it?

That shouldn’t be the case. It was impossible. Not only was Kaedo hugged by the Earth Puppet Giant and on the verge of death, but he was also suppressed by Gabe with his mind power and holy power.

Although Gabe had not broken through to the Planetary realm, his mind power was much stronger than Kaedo.

Only Gabe, who was also an officiant, knew what was going on.

“Oracle. Sir, this is an oracle sent by the Divine Court. Such an oracle is often accompanied by the will of the purple-robed bishop. Hurry, kill him! If he hooks up with the will of the purple-robed bishop to ask for help, we’ll all be finished!” Gabe roared crazily.

Xu Tui’s passive reaction to his spiritual resonance was true fear. On the other hand, Kaedo was ecstatic and excited. He was excited that he had survived.

At this moment, Xu Tui chose to believe Gabe without any hesitation. In an instant, the Earth Puppet was activated and crushed the head of Kaedo. At the same time, the Small God Slaying Sword slashed out and directly destroyed the mental body of Kaedo.

All of this was done extremely quickly.

Although the majestic holy power fluctuation coming from the main hall of the Holy Temple spread in this direction extremely quickly, Xu Tui still dealt with Kaedo before the holy power fluctuation could spread over.

Kaedo did not even have time to scream before he was completely obliterated in despair. The hope of survival was right in front of him. He was just a second away!

This was probably the cruelest thing in the world.

The moment Xu Tui finished off Kaedo, the majestic holy power fluctuation spread into the cultivation hall.

“What’s going on? Why hasn’t it stopped spreading?” Xu Tui was puzzled. He was also very vigilant. He used his consciousness to communicate with Gabe in the shortest time possible.

The purple-robed bishop of the Muya Holy Temple was considered the top powerhouse in the Planetary realm. He was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm.

Not only was he strong, but he was also connected to the Holy Temple. Who knew what supernatural beings were there? Xu Tui was also very anxious. He was already prepared to teleport and escape.

“Sir, this might be an order from the oracle. It’s a directional order. It might be looking for Kaedo’s aura.” Gabe’s expression became terrified again. Just as Xu Tui felt that things were about to go south, Gabe said anxiously, “Sir, use your holy power to activate Kaedo’s personal holy token. There’s Kaedo’s aura on it.

Use it to accept the oracle and this’ll be over.”

Kaedo’s corpse was in front of Xu Tui. Kaedo’s personal holy token instantly flew up from the corpse and landed in his hand. Almost at the same time, he activated a wisp of the holy power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

The moment the power in Kaedo’s personal holy token was triggered, the grand holy power fluctuations that were like a flood suddenly seemed to have found a target. It instantly gathered into a ball of holy light and landed on the Kaedp’s personal holy token in Xu Tui’s hand.

The holy light landed and touched Kaedo’s personal holy token. The holy light melted like a tidal wave and drenched Xu Tui’s entire body. At the same time, a token condensed from holy power landed in Xu Tui’s palm.

His palm burned, and the holy power token disappeared.

A grand consciousness instantly entered Xu Tui’s mind. “Kaedo, I am the purple-robed Bishop of the Holy Temple, Klens. According to the will of the Lord, I have chosen you to be a member of the expeditionary army heading to the solar system.

“You have to arrive at the outpost planet of the Rabo Field, Meria, within a month. Those who arrived late or not would be judged by military law. You have to bring at least three quasi-planetary guards to participate in the battle. Execute the holy order.”

The moment this voice entered Xu Tui’s mind and finished speaking, the grand consciousness and the holy power fluctuations coming from the main hall of the Holy Temple dissipated like a tidal wave.

Xu Tui was stunned. He was silent for a full minute. There was too much information from the consciousness voice just now. Xu Tui slowly digested it before he lowered his head and looked at his palm. In his palm, he could not see anything where the holy token had disappeared.

However, when Xu Tui used the holy power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to mobilize it, a milky-white holy token immediately appeared in his palm.

Xu Tui frowned and looked at Gabe. “What’s this?”

Gabe looked at Xu Tui with a stunned expression. He was surprised and a little nervous.

“Sir, this is the Holy Temple’s Holy Decree, the Marching Holy Decree! It’s also the current Holy Decree. The Holy Temple should have wanted Kaedo to participate in the battle, but it landed on you,” Gabe said.

“Can you remove it?” Xu Tui asked.

Gabe shook his head. “It should be able to be removed, but I don’t have the ability. Even if you have the ability, don’t remove it forcefully. If you forcefully remove it, you will be treated as deserters by the Holy Temple. The punishment for deserters in the Muya Holy Temple is extremely harsh.

“This was because in the Holy Temple, deserters were not only deserters, but they also meant a betrayal of the Lord and their faith.

Xu Tui was a little speechless. He had caused trouble.

“Can this thing be transferred to you?” This was Xu Tui’s first thought.

Suddenly, Gabe was stunned. “Sir, wait a moment. There are abnormal movements at the Holy Temple.”

After reporting to Xu Tui, Gabe quickly took out his personal holy token. The personal holy token of the officiant was different from the personal holy token of ordinary people. It had the meaning of a seal or identity.

Its functions were also different from the holy tokens of Normal Muya.

Under the pursuit of Xu Tui’s mind power, Gabe jogged all the way to the main hall of the Holy Temple on Planet Cobila. Then, he activated his personal holy token and connected it to the statue of the main hall of the Holy Temple. Boundless holy power fluctuated. In less than a few minutes, the boundless holy power fluctuated from before it landed again. But this time, it fell on Gabe.

Xu Tui saw with his own eyes that a wave of holy tokens had also fused into Gabe’s palm. A minute later, Gabe returned to Xu Tui’s side with a helpless expression. He smiled bitterly and said, “Sir, I’m sorry. I just received an oracle transmitted by the purple-robed Bishop, Lord Klens. I have to gather at Meria, the outpost planet of the Rabo Star Field, within a month. I’ve been summoned to the Solar System Expeditionary Force. I have to bring at least three quasi-planets to participate in the battle.”

Gabe showed Xu Tui the token in his palm with a bitter and helpless expression.

Expeditionary forces were actually a tough job. Although there were countless opportunities, he would lose his life if he was not careful. How could this compare to his Holy Temple that he could make decisions for?

He was completely a local emperor. He could still continuously move his hands around and accumulate various resources to slowly increase his cultivation. As for enjoyment, there was no mention of it.

As long as Gabe was willing, he could sleep with one beautiful girl a day for ten years. Who would be willing to participate in the expeditionary army?

Therefore, the Holy Temple directly conscripted them. Basically, they, who did not have a powerful backer or background, had become the first choice for the expeditionary army after being sent to this remote planet. It had to be said that Kaedo and Gabe were two unlucky children.

However, Xu Tui was the unlucky one now. Kaedo had been killed. In order to deal with this wave, Xu Tui accepted the Holy Token. Strangely, the Holy Token fused into Xu Tui’s body. It might also be because Xu Tui had used the power of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

“The few of you, go and control the Holy Temple first. Let me think for a while.” Xu Tui rubbed the space between his brows helplessly after communicating with Gabe, Derry, and the others.

He needed to make a decision on this matter. According to the information, the purple-robed Bishop of the Muyas, Klens, was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. If Xu Tui ignored the holy order and returned to the solar system to ask Cai Shaochu, Erera, and the others to think of a way to erase the holy order, would he put the terrifying Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Klens, into the solar system?

According to Little Six, the solar system’s high-temperature Fire Wall was not a simple wall. The stronger the enemy, the greater the suppression when passing through it. This was also the reason why the strongest experts of the foreign races could not enter for the time being.

However, if Xu Tui turned around, would Klens use this holy order to pursue him into the solar system? If that happened, it might really be a disaster for the solar system. Even if he had to return to the solar system, Xu Tui had to completely erase the holy token.

However, Xu Tui had sensed that this holy token seemed to be difficult to erase with his strength.

According to Gabe, this holy order could dissipate on its own. However, the prerequisite for dissipation was that they had to reach the gathering area and submit the order. After handing over the order, the holy order would become a one-time-use life-saving method under the cover of the aura of the purple-robed Bishop, Klens.

It could also be considered a benefit to the officiants who were participating in the expeditionary army.

However, the problem was that if Xu Tui went to submit the order as Officiant Kaedo, even though participating in the solar system expeditionary army might bring him all kinds of surprises,

However, most of it would be shock and fear.

Xu Tui was a Blue Star human. He only needed to reveal a little of his strength in the Muya Expeditionary Army. What awaited Xu Tui was complete death or inhuman treatment after he was captured.

Escaping after exposing his identity in the army? Xu Tui did not overestimate himself on this point..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1