Chapter 1379 - 1379: The Essence Of The Holy Power Divine Technique

Chapter 1379: The Essence of the Holy Power Divine Technique

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Muyas were already gathering the expeditionary army and were about to send a large number of elites to the solar system. This was an important piece of information he had obtained after accidentally obtaining the holy order of the Muya Expeditionary Army. To be honest, Xu Tui was very worried.

He had to think of a way to send this news back to the Blue Star immediately to warn them.

However, Xu Tui did not have thoughts of sneaking into the Muya Expeditionary Army to cause trouble. That was not causing trouble. That was tempting fate! Especially since their appearances were different, the possibility of him being exposed was too high.

For example, the red-bearded man that Xu Tui was impersonating looked quite similar. Once one got close and observed carefully, it would not be long before they noticed the abnormality. The red beard was a little stiff. There was no aura fluctuation from the horns on his head.

Among the Muyas, the horns on their heads were one of the power characteristics.

Originally, Xu Tui’s best method was to leave this place immediately and return to Planet Manyo. Then, he would return to the solar system through the cosmic tunnel and pass this news back.

However, there were two drawbacks to doing so.

The first was the holy order of the Muyas that had been punched into Xu Tui’s palm. It could not be eliminated and might bring greater trouble to the Blue Star.

The second was the news of the Muyas gathering the expeditionary army to launch a large-scale expedition to the solar system.

He did not know how many people the Muya Expeditionary Force had, how powerful they were, when they would enter the solar system, which direction they would enter from, whether there were alliances, spies, battle plans, and so on.

Actually, according to the current situation in the Blue Star, outline information was useless.

This judgment made Xu Tui smile bitterly.

That was because Xu Tui realized that he would be able to obtain most of the detailed information if he sneaked into the Muya Expeditionary Force. He would even be able to inform the Blue Star immediately when he sneaked into the solar system.

If he sneaked into the Muya Expeditionary Force, these two drawbacks could be resolved.

This was especially so for the gathering holy order that had been personally sent by the purple-robed Bishop of the Muya Holy Temple, Klens. After the gathering was completed, it could be naturally eliminated and the danger was resolved.

It was not like now, where carrying it was like carrying a time bomb.

“Could it be that sneaking into the Muya Expeditionary Force is my best choice at the moment?” Xu Tui thought about it for half an hour. After thinking about all kinds of plans, he realized that the only way to remove the gathering holy order and remove the potential danger was to infiltrate the Muya Expeditionary Force.

However, the potential danger of infiltrating the Muya Expeditionary Force was equally huge.

Xu Tui was a man of action. Since it seemed that infiltrating the Muya Expeditionary Force was the best choice to solve all the problems, he might as well study the feasibility.

An hour later, Derry and Gabe returned with about 50,000 grams of Origin

Crystals, two filled Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens, and seven grams of Blood of Radiance, and the 10 grams of Radiance of Blood that Kaedo had taken out previously.

Kaedo was a little richer than Gabe.

Xu Tui took these directly. There was no need to be too good to these people. It was already good enough that he had blood crystals and soul crystals for them.

“Let’s discuss it. Since I’ve already received this holy order and can’t remove it, the best way is to complete this holy order. Now, the three of us will discuss Officiant Kaedo and the gathering. If you have any opinions or thoughts, you can tell me directly.” Xu Tui went straight to the point.

“Sir, the feasibility is actually very high. Not many people are familiar with Kaedo. It’s normal for his appearance to have changed after not seeing him for a few years. It’s easy to deal with your red beard. Just shave it off. The more troublesome thing is your horns. This…”

Gabe was a little excited. He really wanted Xu Tui to impersonate Kaedo and complete the assembly order. If Xu Tui, who was also Kaedo, did not go, he would definitely be exposed.

This was because before this, he had received the holy order from the Planet Cobila’s Holy Temple. If there wasn’t any news from Kaedo, once the purple-robed Bishop, Lord Klens, tracked him down, Gabe would be the first to not be able to escape.

However, just as Gabe was excitedly talking about the feasibility, he saw Derry’s eyes opposite him suddenly widen.

His expression was dumbfounded.

He looked like this was not possible.

Gabe frowned. That shouldn’t be the case. The method he mentioned was quite feasible. In the next moment, Gabe’s eyes suddenly widened. He looked at the retreating figure and opened his mouth wide. He could not make a sound for a long time.

Xu Tui, who was opposite him, lost his red beard with a wave of his hand, revealing his chin that was covered in black stubble.

What Gabe could not stand the most was Xu Tui brushing his head. The horns on his head were removed, then the hair cover. Then, Xu Tui revealed his true appearance.

When he saw Xu Tui’s true appearance, Gabe suddenly felt his legs go weak. He fell to the ground and was on the brink of tears.

It was a pit.

A huge pit!

If the method of refining the Muyas into blood crystals and soul crystals could be said to be a trap, no matter what, as long as it was exposed, it would kill him. Then, Xu Tui’s true appearance meant that he was implicated.

It meant that as long as Xu Tui’s identity was exposed, especially after Lord

Red Beard pretended to be Kaedo, Gabe would be a complete traitor among the

Muyas. His family would be executed!

It was simply…

Under the methods of the Holy Temple’s bishops, not to mention his bloodline, even his illegitimate children, including his lovers, would be implicated. They would all be killed!

Gabe wanted to cry. Why was he so unlucky?

This time, Gabe understood why Derry had such a dumbfounded expression. It turned out that he knew that Mr. Red Beard was a Blue Star Human. It had to be said that some people recovered very quickly from their trauma.

It was extremely fast!

Perhaps he had suffered too much. In less than three minutes, Gabe slowly stood up and composed himself again. “Sir, I don’t know how you got here from the solar system, but you should have a way back. You can choose to return, but I can’t guarantee that Lord Klens, the purple-robed Bishop, will be able to chase after you after you return.

“Of course, even if you are a Blue Star Human, I still feel that under the current situation, impersonating Kaedo to gather at the expeditionary army is the best choice. This was also my only choice and way out.

“If you don’t go, a month later, the Holy Temple will investigate and we will definitely die. The entire Planet Manyo will be cleaned up. There will be no exceptions. You might have seen that the internal armaments of the Muyas are relatively lax. This is the truth. However, the prohibitions within the Holy Temple had always been extremely strict. It can even be said to be harsh!” Gabe said.

Xu Tui shrugged indifferently when he heard that. “Didn’t I gather you here to solve the problems of impersonating Kaedo? If the problem can be resolved, I’ll impersonate Kaedo. If I can’t, there’s no need for me to die.”

Gabe heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that. It was good that Xu Tui had such thoughts. As for the problems, they would solve them one by one.

“Sir, did you notice? If you were a Blue Star Human, it would be more convenient for you to impersonate Kaedo, especially in terms of appearance,” Gabe said.

Xu Tui also remembered when Gabe said that. It was true. The higher the status of the higher- ups of the Muya Holy Temple, the more human-like they were.

Kaedo looked like a human. He only had one more tail than the Blue Star Humans. However, the problem was that not many people in the expeditionary army dared to test the authenticity of Xu Tui’s tail, right?

“Sir, this tail is actually very easy to disguise. Kaedo’s corpse is here. Take off his tail and turn it over. I’ll disguise it for you. Its aura and appearance will be very similar,” Gabe said.

“Aura. The key problem is aura! I don’t know any of the holy power of the officiant.” Xu Tui raised another key question.

“The Myriad Thoughts Holy Token! Sir, you can use the holy power of the

Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. If necessary, you can use the holy power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to activate the holy power in Kaedo’s personal holy token. Once the aura dissipates, who would dare to say that you are not Kaedo? Even if it’s an acquaintance of Kaedo’s like me, I won’t suspect anything when I see him for the first time,” Gabe said.

That was true. Xu Tui nodded. “What about the supernatural ability unique to the Holy Temple? Also, if I encounter a battle and can’t use my original ability, how can I fight?” Xu Tui asked.

Hearing this, Gabe smiled again. “Sir, you might have misunderstood the officiants.’

“What misunderstanding?”

“The holy power is only one of the abilities brought about by the identity of the officiant. As it is concise and direct, it is used the most. Actually, each of us has other abilities from the Supernatural Branch. For example, other than holy power, there’s also a fire-type supernatural ability.”

Xu Tui was stunned. “What about Kaedo?”

“Kaedo was a water-type supernatural being before he became the officiant. He happened to counter me. This is also one of the reasons why the two of us

became old enemies,” Gabe said.

Xu Tui relaxed a little when he heard that. He did not know much about water-type supernatural abilities, but he knew some of them. He could still impersonate them after he researched instantiation.

“What about your holy power divine technique? That’s the most important thing. I’m not a believer of the Muya Holy Temple. How can I learn it?” Xu Tui asked.

“This…” This question made Gabe look a little awkward. “Sir, as the officiant, it’s actually a blasphemy to the Lord to say this, but I’m already like this…” With a bitter smile, Gabe continued, “Most people think that if they want to use the holy power divine technique, they have to be the Lord’s most devout believers.

“However, at our level, we actually understood that this had nothing to do with whether we were pious or not. Whether or not we believed or were pious was only related to the speed at which we accumulated holy power during prayers.

“As long as you have holy power, the holy power divine technique is just a way to use holy power. You can do it if you have mind power. I can teach you.” Gabe said.

Xu Tui was stunned. In that case, as long as he had enough Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens, he could impersonate the officiant and use the holy power divine technique.

If that was the case, it seemed that it was not impossible to impersonate Kaedo and participate in the Muya Expeditionary Force..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1