Chapter 1376 - 1376: Breaking Through, Sixth-Halos

Chapter 1376: Breaking Through, Sixth-Halos

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

June 9, 2140.

Five days.

Over the past five days, Derry, Belas, and Gabe had sent Xu Tui 27 grams, 22 grams, 23 grams, 34 grams of blood crystals respectively, and 34 grams, 37 grams, and 33 grams of soul crystals respectively.

The three of them did not send many Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals to Xu Tui. They did not look like much. However, if the number behind them was calculated, it was actually a terrifying number.

They had only sent 30% of their gains.

In other words, the three of them had obtained more than 100 grams of Soul

Crystals. In terms of Soul Crystals, if the Muyas below the ordinary Evolution Realm were used as raw materials to refine them, basically, ten people could refine a gram of Blood Crystal.

Above 100 grams meant at least 1,000 people. Within five days, the three of them had personally refined more than a thousand Muyas. On average, they had refined at least 200 people a day.

How crazy were these three people in this aspect?

Gabe, who’s faith had completely broken down, had completely let himself go after he had no way out. Moreover, this was only Xu Tui’s estimate. Under normal circumstances, refining 200 people a day alone, even if it was 200 ordinary Muyas, was a huge workload.

Xu Tui estimated that these three people must have joined forces with the other quasi-planets.

The gains after they refined it would definitely have to give it to the other quasi-planets. This way, they might have refined more than a thousand Muyas. If more Muys knew about this, what kind of impact would it bring to the Muyas?

More than 70 grams of Blood Crystals and more than 100 grams of Soul Crystals were a lot for Xu Tui. It was equivalent to the gains of killing four to five Two or Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

Of course, Xu Tui had not been idle for the past five days. After purifying the Soul Crystal, he absorbed the power in the Soul Crystal to strengthen his mind power main planet.

The main planet of the mind power that had already reached the fifth level of the star halo was like a bottomless pit, there would not be any obvious changes to the star halo of the main planet after absorbing dozens or even more grams of Soul Crystals.

However, when Xu Tui absorbed more than 100 grams of Soul Crystals, the star halo of the main planet of mind power still grew significantly.

Xu Tui was looking forward to it. According to his estimation, with 300 to 500 grams of Soul Crystals, his mind power main planet would be able to break through to the sixth level of the star halos.

The only problem was what the main planet force field was. Xu Tui did not have a clear train of thought. He was far from breaking through to the Planetary realm. His original plan was to secretly return to the solar system through the cosmic tunnel after the matter of Planet Manyo was settled.

Whether it was to solve the hidden danger there or to return to the Muyas’ nest again, Xu Tui would be safer the next time he came.

He might think of a way to bring others over.

However, based on the current situation, he had to make a trip to Planet Cobila.

Xu Tui did not care about the future life and death of Derry, Belas, and Gabe. However, if they could survive on Planet Manyo for long enough, not only would they be able to provide Xu Tui with more Soul Crystals and Blood

Crystals, but they would also cause a greater impact on the internal affairs of

the Muyas.

He might as well stay a few more days.

On the 12th of June, Gabe received a reply, including an overbearing invitation.

It was an internal exchange in the Holy Temple. However, Kaedo hoped that Gabe would bring more holy tokens when he came. In addition, Kaedo had also prepared an additional 10 grams of the Blood of Radiance. He hoped that Gabe would be able to take out 10 grams of the Blood of Radiance for fun.

Of course, if Gabe did not dare, that was another matter. If Gabe dared, Kaedo also said that no matter what, he would not let Gabe go home naked. There would be clothes.

Under normal circumstances, with the number of believers in the Holy Temple of Planet Manyo, there were only about two grams of the Blood of Radiance a year. Ten grams of the Blood of Radiance was the amount after accumulating for five years.

10 grams of the Blood of Radiance was just enough for a person to help them break through to the Planetary realm once or purify their bloodline once.

Previously, Xu Tui had only obtained 14 grams of the Blood of Radiance from the warehouse of the Holy Temple.

Under normal circumstances, Gabe would not dare to respond to Kaedo’s provocation.

The two of them had been fighting for many years. They knew who was stronger, especially since Kaedo had broken through to the Planetary realm half a year ago. This was bad news for Gabe.

However, this time was different.

This time, Gabe did not go with the intention of competing for the upper hand. Instead, he went with the intention of suffocating his former opponent.

With Xu Tui, the red-bearded man, around, there were no problems.

“Sir, Kaedo agreed to see us on the 24th of June. It will take seven days to reach Planet Cobila from our Planet Manyo, so I plan to set off on the 17th of June. What do you think?” Gabe carefully asked Xu Tui for instructions.

“You arrange it.” Xu Tui’s answer was concise and domineering. The Muyas could dominate the Milky Way. Under the control of the Holy Temple, they controlled the nine star fields and controlled thousands of planets. They had a tool like a battleship. However, the route of their battleship was a little different from the technological route.

Two powers were used to drive it. One was energy, and the other was the holy power in the holy token.

This time, Xu Tui realized how important holy power, which was also the so-called population base, was to the Muyas.

The Muya’s battleship was more like a rectangular fortress. It was completely silver in color. The way it flew actually felt like it was flying in a curvature manner. Based on Xu Tui’s observation, it was a little similar to a spatial layer or a spatial fold.

This flying speed was very fast.

With the distance between Planet Manyo and Planet Cobila, it would take nearly five months for the Blue Star’s fastest battleship to fly. It was equivalent to the distance between the Moon and Mars. However, they only needed seven days.

The flying speed of the silver fortress was 20 times that of the Blue Star’s battleship.

This shocked Xu Tui. He had some understanding after he asked Derry. Currently, Derry was the only subordinate who Imew that Xu Tui was a Blue Star human.

The silver square fortress of the Muyas was considered the second-level cosmic flying tool produced by the Muya Holy Temple.

There were two types of flying states in this silver fortress. The first was to fly within the range of the existing holy power mark. It could be similar to a spatial jump through the connection between the holy power marks.

For example, the Holy Temple on Planet Manyo was a holy power mark. The Holy Temple on Planet Cobila was another holy power mark.

It mainly consumed holy power. In theory, it could be faster and arrive in a day.

However, the holy power consumed would be dozens of times that of now. Therefore, they used a more economical spatial jump speed.

The other form was the normal flying within the range of the holy power mark.

This flying speed was normal. Its flying speed was only about 20% faster than the fastest battleship of the Blue Star Humans. It was a normal speed.

Xu Tui felt a little helpless after he understood the details. It seemed that he could not learn from the Muyas’ spatial jump speed. Before they set off, Gabe, Derry and Belas handed over 190 grams of soul crystals to Xu Tui after they crazily refined more than thousands of Muyas in eight days.

What shocked Xu Tui even more was that these guys had brought 3,000 Muya slaves with them when they boarded the Silver Fortress and headed for Planet Cobila. Each of them had brought 1,000 people.

They did not stay idle on the way.

At this moment, Xu Tui felt a little complicated. What kind of demon had he released?

In an instant, he thought of another possibility. Were there ambitious people from the Blue Star who tried to use the Blue Star Humans?

In an instant, Xu Tui felt a chill run down his spine. He did not know if this method of refining Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals had any effect on the Blue Star humans, but he had to set a rule when he returned.

No matter who dared to try, no matter if there were any results, they would be killed.

After the Soul Crystal was purified, the speed at which it was refined into the body to strengthen the main planet of mind power was extremely fast. The speed at which it was refined was more than five times faster than the speed at which it absorbed energy.

It could be said to be a sharp cultivation weapon.

It was very convenient for Xu Tui to purify the Soul Crystal. The only problem was that the negative power after the Soul Crystal was purified was too wasteful. He could only waste it now.

Xu Tui began to try to find another material that could store negative power.

If he could store the negative power and inject it into the God Slaying Sword when he used it, Xu Tui would have more than one God Slaying Sword. In fact, if it could be used alone, it would be completely different.

At first, Xu Tui searched for a long time and tried for a long time, but he could not find a suitable container. Many containers could either not contain the negative power or could not hold it for long. Or even if they could, they would continue to leak.

However, on the third day of the flight, when Xu Tui scanned the quantum dimensional chain, he suddenly saw the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token that he had used up previously.

According to Gabe, the creation of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was special. Usually, the powerful bishops in the Holy Temple would personally make and sell it. They could not make it themselves.

With the intention of giving it a try, Xu Tui tried to inject the negative power in the Soul Crystal into the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

This test surprised Xu Tui.

He had succeeded!

The Myriad Thoughts Holy Token of the Muyas could actually store the negative power in the Soul Crystal and not leak it. Most importantly, it could store a lot of it. Currently, the negative power in about 30 to 50 grams of Soul Crystals could fill the God Slaying Sword.

The negative power contained in each gram of Soul Crystal was different. However, a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token could actually hold about 100 grams of negative power in the Soul Crystal.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui did not have any extra blank Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens. However, Gabe had a few Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens that only contained a small portion of the holy power.

Without a doubt, it had been used by Xu Tui.

On the 23rd of June, the day before they were about to arrive at Planet Cobila, Xu Tui absorbed the 453 grams of Soul Crystals in the silver fortress. A sixth star halo slowly appeared on his mind power main planet.

His mind power main planet had broken through again!

The moment the boundless terrifying aura that was similar to that of a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse spread out, the group of quasi-planetary experts in the silver fortress looked at Xu Tui in fear.

Did this lord break through again?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1