Chapter 1373 - 1373: Home Field And Hammer

Chapter 1373: Home Field and Hammer

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Holy Temple of the Muyas was called the Muya Holy Temple. It was named after a species. The architectural style was very uniform. It had a tall spire, below it was a diamond-shaped fortress. There was a hint of a military fortress in its majesty. His mental perception could not penetrate it, so they must have used anti-shielding materials.

From afar, the entire Holy Temple was self-contained. There should be some kind of force field inside. This made Xu Tui extremely envious. Up until now, he had not figured out anything about force fields.

If he could not find the force field, he would not be able to break through to the Planetary realm.

This time, Xu Tui did not come over on his sword. Instead, he walked confidently from the streets of Gav City to the Holy Temple of Planet Manyo. When Xu Tui was five kilometers away from the Holy Temple, a figure suddenly appeared on the balcony on the third floor of the Holy Temple.

It was a human figure in a white robe.

Yes, it was humanoid. But the horn on its head was more eye-catching. This horn instantly reminded Xu Tui of Wen Shao’s horn. However, the two horns gave Xu Tui a different feeling. There was no need to ask. This was definitely the officiant of the Holy Temple in Planet Manyo, Gabe. Previously, Belas had already told Xu Tui about him.

The officiant, Gabe, was standing on the balcony of the third floor of the Holy Temple, looking down at Xu Tui from afar.

Xu Tui’s gaze met him without fear. He instantly increased his speed and arrived 100 meters in front of the Holy Temple in just two seconds. The reason why he stopped 100 meters away was that an invisible force field had stopped Xu Tui, preventing him from advancing.

This was the unique holy power force field of the Muya Holy Temple.

When he saw that Xu Tui was stopped by the holy power force field, the gaze of Gabe on the balcony on the third floor suddenly became cold.

“You… are not Red Beard!” Gabe suddenly said, “Who exactly are you? Why did you impersonate Red Beard? What did you do in the Governor’s Mansion just now?”

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes. He stroked the fake beard under his chin and asked,

“Do you know Red Beard? Red Beard is a devout believer of the temple?”

Previously, be it Derry or Belas, in order to show off their loyalty to Xu Tui, they had already told Xu Tui all the information they knew about the Holy Temple. They even told Xu Tui some rumors. It allowed Xu Tui to have a certain level of understanding of the Muya Holy Temple.

For example, the holy power force field of the temple did not reject two kinds of people.

One was a believer with a personal holy token, while the other was a devout fanatic even without a personal holy token.

The personal holy tokens of the Muyas were officially reviewed and distributed. Under normal circumstances, an interstellar pirate like Red Beard would not be able to have a personal holy token, but it was also possible.

However, no matter which it was, since Gabe was so certain that Xu Tui was not Red Beard, he must know Red Beard very well.

Gabe sneered at Xu Tui’s question. He waved his hand, and a cold light blasted toward Xu Tui like lightning.

The light was fast and sudden. Even with Xu Tui’s reaction speed, he did not dodge. Although he did not dodge, Xu Tui instantly raised the Vajra Set.

The five layers of the Vajra Set were instantly activated. This cold light blasted away two layers of Xu Tui’s Vajra Set on the spot. The third layer of the Vajra Set created a circle of ripples and stabilized.

Xu Tui’s gaze changed. Three Satellites Planetary realm. Gabe was at least a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. However, Xu Tui could sense the smell of the Muya’s holy power from his attack. He must have used the enhancement of his holy power to unleash the attack power of a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Compared to Xu Tui’s surprise, he was even more shocked. Gabe knew very well how powerful his attack was just now, but Xu Tui, a quasi-planet, had easily caught it. The fake red-beard in front of him was not simple either.

Amidst his shock, Gabe forced himself to calm down. He waved at the fake red-bearded Xu Tui and said, “You can leave. I don’t care what you are pretending to be Red Beard for. As long as you don’t barge into the range of my Holy Temple and kill my Lord’s believers, I won’t make things difficult for you.” Xu Tui sneered.

Gabe was really shameless. He had already attacked him just now. He clearly could not do anything to him, but he could still openly say that he did not want to argue with Xu Tui.

How thick-skinned!

In the next moment, Xu Tui activated the Mountain Seal and blasted it toward Gabe on the third floor.

Boom!

The Mountain Seal slammed into an invisible force field with a loud bang. The holy power force field of the temple was fine, but Xu Tui’s Mountain Seal almost shattered.

Seeing this, Gabe chuckled coldly. “This is my lord’s holy land. How can you barge in—” Before he could finish speaking, Gabe’s mouth opened into an O shape. He was so shocked that he could stuff a fist into it.

Thick milky-white holy power instantly seeped out of Xu Tui’s hands. The moment it enveloped Xu Tui, he pushed against this layer of holy power and rushed into the holy power force field of the temple.

At the same time, the Ice Seal and the Mountain Seal blasted towards Gabe with a hint of holy power.

Gabe was shocked.

The moment it was frozen, countless beams of holy power surged out of the center of the Holy Temple. They melted the ice seal with a high temperature. At the same time, they formed a tower shield and blocked the continuous attacks of the Mountain Seal.

At this moment, Gabe seemed to have become one with the holy power force field of the temple.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Gabe laughed sinisterly. “I didn’t expect you to be able to barge in! But do you think you can defeat me just because you barge in? No, you’re wrong! Breaking in was your mistake! The Holy Temple is my home ground!”

Gabe instantly activated the holy power force field. Dozens of light swords with majestic holy power aura shot toward Xu Tui as Gabe laughed sinisterly.

Anticipation instantly rose in Gabe’s eyes. This guy who dared to impersonate the red-bearded man actually had the guts to rush into the Holy Temple. It was really… exactly what he wanted! However, in the next moment, a cold aura suddenly appeared behind Officiant Gabe.

Gabe was stunned! He sensed that a hammer had appeared behind his head. It was not a mental hammer. Instead, it was a real silver hammer that was shining in Xu Tui’s hand.

Xu Tui strangely appeared behind him. Then, he used a hammer to hit the back of his head.

The pain hit him.

Gabe fainted!

“He shouldn’t be dead, right?” Xu Tui looked at the bone dregs on the alloy hammer that was only the size of a fist but weighed 200 pounds. He was a little surprised.

Gabe was very bold, but his bones did not look hard enough. The hammer even had bone dregs on it. Xu Tui had wanted to kill him with the God Slaying Sword. But on second thought, it would be a loss to use the God Slaying Sword to kill the officiant, who clearly knew a lot. He suddenly thought of something and teleported behind this guy. Then, he hammered him.

Under normal circumstances, the bodies of the Supernatural Branch were relatively weak.

This officiant was no exception.

He was unconscious. But he was not dead. Not only did he not die, but Xu Tui could sense that the injury on the back of the head of Gabe was rapidly recovering in the Holy Temple’s holy power force field.

In the next moment, Xu Tui dragged the unconscious Gabe out of the Holy Temple. As soon as he left the range of the Holy Temple, the injuries on the back of Gabe’s head that were rapidly recovering became very slow.

However, Xu Tui could sense that there was still a faint connection between the Holy Temple Force Field and Gabe.

So Xu Tui brought the unconscious Gabe back to the governor’s residence. Then, he frowned and thought hard. How could he torture this guy? This guy’s mind power was so powerful. He could also mobilize the holy power to augment his mind power. The risk of Xu Tui’s mental mark controlling him was too great.

Xu Tui thought about it and took out an exquisite robot from his quantum dimensional chain. He then turned it on and woke up Ah Huang’s clone program.

“Ah Huang, implant an independent biological control silver ring on this guy’s head.”

“Alright, I’ll undergo the craniotomy immediately.”

This kind of medical robot was very awesome and supportive. Half an hour later, Gabe slowly woke up under Xu Tui’s treatment. The moment he woke up, he sensed the abnormality in his head and screamed in fear.

“What… What did you do to me?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1