Chapter 1371 - 1371: Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence And Temple Force Field

Chapter 1371: Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence and Temple Force Field

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

To be honest, the power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token surprised Xu Tui. This was a power that was purer than Origin Energy but did not have any attributes.

After a few minutes of experimentation, Xu Tui became interested in the power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. The power in the holy token that he had obtained previously could only be studied. However, others could not use it. The power inside had an extremely powerful individual spiritual mark. If he forcefully removed the individual Spiritual Mark inside, the power would dissipate.

However, Xu Tui could use the power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

When Xu Tui’s mind power surged in, the power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token would be imprinted with his personal Spiritual Mark so that he could use it.

If his mind power retreated, the individual spiritual mark that he had left in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token would dissipate within a few minutes. The power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token would return to its original purity.

After a few attempts, Xu Tui realized that the power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was almost omnipotent.

It could be used to replenish supernatural power. Supernatural attacks and defense, such as the Mountain Formula and the Earth Puppet Giant, would be enhanced and powerful to a certain extent.

It could also be used to increase mind power.

It could also be used to increase the energy field.

For example, Xu Tui’s Vajra Set could obtain an obvious increase when he receives the power into the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

Xu Tui tried it out. There was a limit to the enhancement. Be it mind power, supernatural power, or energy field, the power of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token could only increase it by 50% at most. The power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token could only increase by 50% at most.

For example, when Xu Tui used 50% and 100% of the Mountain Formula’s power, the amount of holy power he got from the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was also different.

Suddenly, he realized that the holy power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was a little like a turbocharger. If a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse had it, he could actually unleash the combat strength of a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Under normal circumstances, the difference in strength between every satellite was 50%. So one could imagine how precious it was. The only pity was that he could not refine the power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token into his body to increase his cultivation.

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt a little pained. There were a total of 11 Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens. After a series of tests, he had used up most of the power in one of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens. It was simply too wasteful!

Under the burning gazes of the two people, Xu Tui put the remaining 10 holy tokens into his dimensional chain. Then, he pointed at the three strange bottles and asked, “What are these? These things must be very valuable to be kept here, right?”

“Sir, this is the Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence.” This time, it was Belas who answered Xu Tui.

Two minutes after Belas spoke, Xu Tui understood what this thing was. If it

was explained in the technological terms of the Blue Star, the Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence was most likely an extremely powerful genetic potion.

The nobles among the Muyas, such as a noble like Derry, would condense the Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence when their actions were powerful to a certain extent.

After giving the Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence to others, they would obtain some powerful characteristics.

For example, if Derry’s cultivation level reached the Five Satellites Planetary realm, he could use special materials to match his bloodline power to create the Dragon Wing Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence.

Those who had fused with his Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence would at least grow a pair of fleshy wings like his. To a certain extent, they would obtain the Nirohogg Bloodline. These people were called second-grade nobles.

Among the Muyas, the top aristocrats were born, not fused. However, this kind of Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence could allow the Muyas to quickly increase their strength. Not only would he obtain some powerful external characteristics and abilities, but his cultivation would also increase.

Therefore, Belas’s eyes were burning when he saw the three bottles of Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence, while Derry was indifferent about it. “Sir, can I test this? If I can use it, reward me with a bottle! If I fuse, I will definitely be able to break through to the Planetary realm.” Belas’s gaze was extremely hot. Clearly, he yearned for these bottles of Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence.

The Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence could not be used immediately. It had to be tested. Those who could not use it would explode and die. The test method was actually very simple. It was to take a drop of the Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence and drip it into his blood to see how it reacted.

This test was very convenient. He could do it now.

However, Xu Tui looked at Belas, whose eyes were filled with passion. He scanned with his mind power and put the three bottles of Sacred Spiritual Blood Essence into the quantum dimensional chain.

“You want this? Do your job well. I’ll naturally reward you if you contribute,” Xu Tui said as he stared at Belas indifferently.

Belas’s dejected gaze instantly became fiery again. “Don’t worry, Sir. I’ll definitely do my best and make a contribution as soon as possible. Sir, I’ll receive the officials gathered from the other six cities first. They should be arriving soon.”

“Go. It doesn’t matter if they aren’t obedient, as long as they’re here. However, it’s best not to expose yourself,” Xu Tui said.

In the sky, streams of light had already begun to land on the governor’s residence in Gav City. These were all things that Belas had done previously.

In the name of Governor Lank and seal, Belas gathered the garrison officials of the other six cities to Gav City for a meeting. Including the other Planetary realm powerhouse on Planet Manyo.

This was the prey Xu Tui was waiting for. Instead of hunting one city after another, it was better to gather them and use their carelessness to capture them. Governor Lank had already given the order, so naturally, no one would violate it. At this moment, the experts from the nearest city had already arrived.

After Belas left, Derry that was by Xu Tui’s side immediately started to perform again. Just now, Belas’s performance made Derry feel a little threatened. Derry felt that Belas had also begun to show off. He began to fight for his position in front of Xu Tui.

If Belas were to break through to the Planetary realm in the future from the rewards that Xu Tui had given, the number one person in the Red Beard Pirates might become him.

Therefore, Derry wanted to strengthen his value in front of Xu Tui.

He was also someone who had lived on the most prosperous planet of the Muyas. His judgment was not to be underestimated. He already knew what Xu Tui wanted to know the most from their previous exchange.

He immediately chatted with Xu Tui about what he had seen and heard in the Holy Temple and worked hard to show his value.

To be honest. in this asDect. Derrv was much more valuable than Belas. Not

only did it allow Xu Tui to know a lot about the Muya Holy Temple, but it also allowed him to have a deeper understanding of the Muya Holy Temple.

For example, it would be relatively dangerous for Xu Tui to enter the branch hall of the Holy Temple in Planet Manyo even if he was very strong.

This was because the officiant could greatly borrow the holy power stored in the Holy Temple. At the same time, a force field formed in the Holy Temple would form a power suppression on outsiders.

With this increase and decrease, even if the officiant in the Holy Temple was only a peak quasi-planet, he could easily deal with One or Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses in the Holy Temple.

In Xu Tui’s opinion, Gabe, the officiant, had become an extremely dangerous person.

The officiant might have the mind power of One or Two Satellites in the Holy Temple. In that case, the strength he could unleash in the Holy Temple was very likely to be as strong as Three or Four Satellites Planetary realm.

Xu Tui had to be careful. Under normal circumstances, he might really fall into a trap if he barged in.

But now, Derry had deftly told Xu Tui about this.

A few minutes later, Belas sent Xu Tui a message. All the officials on Planet Manyo had arrived. They were just waiting for Xu Tui to deal with them.

Xu Tui glanced in the direction of Planet Manyo’s Holy Temple. He could not help but sneer when he sensed the faint mental fluctuations that had been coming from there.

Although the officiant, Gabe, had not appeared, his mind power had been paying attention to this place. He had clearly noticed this place.

“Let’s go, Derry. It’s your turn now! Go and ask them first and see if those guys will surrender to us.” After Xu Tui finished speaking, he looked in the direction of the Holy Temple.

After dealing with this, he had to meet the officiant of the Holy Temple.

Hearing this, Derry was first excited. Then, he asked carefully, “Sir, what about those people who are not sincere? How should we deal with them?”

Xu Tui sneered.

What else could he do?

A massacre!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1