Chapter 1377 - 1377: Gabe Was Happy, The Sudden Change In The Holy Temple

Chapter 1377: Gabe was Happy, The Sudden Change in the Holy Temple

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This was because Xu Tui had broken through again. Ever since Xu Tui broke through, the subordinates in the entire silver fortress had looked at Xu Tui with reverence. Many people, such as Derry, had already instinctively respected and become careful around Xu Tui.

Indeed, powerful strength could be used anywvhere.

Unfortunately, they did not know that Xu Tui’s breakthrough this time was only a breakthrough on the main planet of mind power. Although it had increased his strength to a certain extent, it was not as great as the increase in strength obtained by a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xu Tui looked more like he had broken through to the Planetary realm.

As long as he could break through to the Planetary realm, Xu Tui felt that his strength would definitely increase exponentially.

It might be more than double.

Xu Tui could condense several genetic ability chains.

However, without the restraint of the main planet force field, Xu Tui would not be able to last long even if he forcefully condensed the other genetic ability chains. In fact, the two star force fields that did not have the same attributes would affect Xu Tui’s strength.

On the 24th of June, after a simple identification, the square silver fortress that belonged to Planet Manyo slowly landed in the square behind the Holy Temple on Planet Cobila.

Planet Cobila’s officiant, Kaedo, had already brought a group of people and was waiting there.

Kaedo was a Planetary realm powerhouse. Other than that, there was also a tiger-headed Holy Temple guard. From his aura, he was a Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse and four other quasi-planetary experts.

The moment he stepped out of the silver fortress, the expression of Gabe changed slightly. Putting aside the fact that his master, Red Beard, was hiding his strength, his old enemy, Kaedo, was definitely more impressive than him. He had actually recruited a Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse as his Holy Temple’s Holy Guard.

From this alone, it could be seen that Kaedo was doing better than Gabe. Even though Gabe had brought four quasi-planetary experts, including Xu Tui and Derry, out of the silver fortress, he was still suppressed by Kaedo

A few seconds later, the two officiants, Kaedo and Gabe, hugged each other happily like old friends who had not seen each other for years.

However, Xu Tui, who had a powerful and delicate mental perception, heard their gunpowder-filled conversation.

“Wow, my dear Gabe, I really didn’t expect you to dare to come. But don’t worry, I won’t let you run back naked. I’ll definitely leave you a pair of underwear!” Kaedo’s voice was filled with arrogance.

“Is that so! My dear Kaedo, I think that after I leave, you will definitely lie in bed for three months! Even if you kissed an enchanting beauty, you would not be able to have any thoughts! Because your third leg will also be broken!”

“Hahahaha!”

The two of them burst out laughing and hugged each other. However, it was obvious that they were competing.

Although the two of them were supernatural beings, one was at the Planetary realm, and the other was at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. There was still an obvious difference in physical strength.

He could see that Gabe’s face was red from Kaedo’s hug. He could barely breathe. It was very difficult! He was at a disadvantage the moment they met.

This made Xu Tui sigh to himself. No wonder Gabe had suggested coming to this planet. It seemed that he had suffered too much at the hands of this Kaedo in the past.

“Sir, since it’s an exchange, let’s check the bet first.” Xu Tui stepped forward and spoke loudly under the burning gaze of the Tiger Head Holy Guard.

“That’s right. Let’s check the stakes first! Kaedo, I hope your habit of being a scoundrel has changed. I’ve prepared the bet, but you definitely can’t take it away.”

The two of them took this opportunity to separate. Gabe shot Xu Tui a grateful look. That moment just now had been the most embarrassing moment in his life. However, it had been resolved by a captive.

Gabe felt a little strange.

Kaedo’s gaze swept past Xu Tui’s body. He did not stop at all.

Although the image of a red-bearded man was a little eye-catching, there were many people with red beards in the Ares Star Field. Moreover, the red-bearded man in front of him was only a quasi-planet.

No matter how strong he was, could he be stronger than Gabe?

“Let’s go to the training ground! Old friend, I’m already in the mood. Should we play today?” Kaedo looked at Gabe, who had just taken a few breaths, with a malicious expression.

“How can I be afraid of you!” Gabe had a confident expression.

“Okay!”

Kaedo was so excited that he led the way.

Xu Tui communicated with Derry, “Derry, why doesn’t this Kaedo look any different?”

Although the Muyas had all kinds of strange appearances, many of them had some non-human appearance characteristics. However, the Muyas had another characteristic. The higher the bloodline and status of the Muyas, the more human-like they were. There were fewer non-human characteristics.

For example, Gabe only had one horn. However, Xu Tui did not notice any non-human characteristics of Kaedo. If he saw him anywhere else, he would look like a Blue Star Human.

“Sir, there is, but you didn’t notice it,” Derry said.

“Where?” Xu Tui was stunned. He really did not notice it.

“Tails.”

“Lord Kaedo should have a short tail. Look, he’s wearing a robe. It’s a little loose and covers it.”

Xu Tui made such a discovery after Derry’s reminder. There seemed to be a short tail swaying under Kaedo’s loose robe.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to use his mental perception to take a look. He did not want to alert him. He would have plenty of opportunities to study it when he took it down later.

Ten minutes later, the group entered the cultivation field of the temple on Planet Cobila.

The Holy Temple of the Muyas had a transcendent status on any planet, so it was built extremely luxurious. Just a cultivation field was a pointed hall. It was a hundred meters long and more than 20 meters tall.

“My dear Gabe, my bet is here. Where’s yours?” Kaedo happily took out a bottle of Blood of Radiance and shook it. “It weighs ten grams. Oh yes, there’s also a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token and 10,000 grams of Origin Crystals.” As he spoke, the corners of Kaedo’s mouth curled up. He smiled and said, “Of course, there are also five beautiful girls who sacrificed themselves for the Lord.

However, I don’t think you need them, Gabe.”

“It’s hard to say who won’t use it.” Gabe smiled and took out his bet.

However, almost all of his bets had been taken from Xu Tui before he came. Before this, his private wealth, including the wealth of the Planet Manyo’s Holy Temple, had become Xu Tui’s private wealth. It had nothing to do with him.

Kaedo’s eyes instantly lit up when he saw Gabe take out the same bet as him. This bet might not be much, but it was at least three to five years’ worth of accumulation by the Holy Temple. It belonged to the Holy Temple, not him. It would take at least eight to ten years for an officiant to embezzle these things.

If he could win this bet today, he would really be able to make a killing. His strength and the power under him could be increased again. This kind of thing complemented each other. The stronger his strength and the power under him, the more stable his status would be.

In a few years, he would be able to change to a more prosperous planet to be the chief officiant. He would no longer have to accompany Gabe in such a remote place.

Then, he could fish for more.

After both sides checked the stakes, Kaedo said anxiously, “Dear Gabe, shall we start the communication now?

Gabe nodded.

“Then the first round is the follower competition! Yes, this Tiger Spirit Holy Guard is my new follower. He will fight in the first round. You can send whoever you want,” Kaedo said.

The smile on Kaedo’s face grew as he looked at Gabe’s ugly face. He almost wanted to laugh out loud. This feeling was too good. That idiot, Gabe, had sent him a treasure. He was really stupidly… cute!

‘Who among your followers will fight?” Kaedo stared at Gabe with a smile. His smile was filled with playfulness.

Gabe subconsciously looked at Xu Tui.

“In that case, let me do it.” Xu Tui suddenly stepped forward.

“Him?” Kaedo pointed at Xu Tui and laughed. “Hahaha, I’m really looking forward to your choice, Gabe.”

Xu Tui tilted his head helplessly. “Gabe, I think it’s better to just do it.”

“Up to you, Sir.” Gabe bowed.

Kaedo’s expression instantly changed.

Sir! Gabe actually called him, a follower of the quasi-planet, Sir! How was that possible! The status of the officiant was extraordinary. Even if he encountered a Planetary realm, he would be superior to others. He would not call others that.

Unless!

At the same time, Xu Tui’s body suddenly expanded. He became a small giant that was dozens of feet tall.

However, his small head made him look a little comical. The Tiger Spirit Holy Guard and Kaedo looked at Xu Tui, whose size had suddenly changed. This ability…

However, in the next moment, the two of them were stunned. That was because the moment Xu Tui revealed his earth body, a huge earth puppet instantly rose under their feet. He hugged them while they were distracted.

The Tiger Spirit Holy Guard only roared before it exploded with a bang under the force of the Earth Puppet Giant. It was directly crushed by the Earth Puppet Giant.

“You… Who exactly are you!” Kaedo screamed, but what greeted him was Gabe’s wild laughter.

“Kaedo, who told you to be arrogant? Now, do you know how powerful I am?

Hahahaha, you’re going to die!”

At this moment, Gabe was really elated. As for the other four quasi-planets of Kaedo, they had already been frozen by the ice seal.

This was the benefit of having powerful mind power.

Looking at Kaedo, who was slowly being squeezed by the Earth Puppet Giant and was about to explode, Gabe used his holy power to firmly suppress Kaedo’s holy power. He stepped forward and slapped him.

That feeling!

It felt too good!

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Awesome!

However, before he could enjoy himself for long, a grand aura suddenly slowly spread out from the main hall of the Holy Temple in the distance.

At the same time, Gabe was stunned!

Kaedo, on the other hand, seemed to have grasped onto a straw to clutch at. He was pleasantly surprised..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1