Chapter 1372 - 1372: A Poisonous Plan

Chapter 1372: A Poisonous Plan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the governor’s meeting hall of Gav City, the high-ranking officials of Planet

Manyo who had been gathered by the governor’s butler, Belas, in the name of Governor Lank, looked at the video that Belas had sent them with extremely strange expressions.

The moment the scene of Governor Lank being killed appeared in the video, everyone panicked and instantly questioned him.

At this moment, a figure with horns on his head and a red beard under his chin appeared at the door of the hall. Everyone instantly quietened down. In the video just now, it was this red-bearded man who had killed Governor Lank in one strike.

Red Beard’s reputation was not weak in this Ares Star Field.

The moment Xu Tui appeared, the only Planetary realm powerhouse in the hall instantly turned into a stream of light and fled. This was a Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He wanted to escape!

However, Xu Tui’s mind power had already covered the entire hall. How could he let him escape? A golden God Slaying Sword instantly appeared and slashed into his head.

The mind power fluctuations of this Two Satellites Planetary realm expert dissipated on the spot. However, the remaining momentum of his escape brought his corpse and slammed into the wall of the hall, directly creating a huge hole in the meeting hall.

Chaotic screams rang out in the hall. However, all the voices disappeared after Xu Tui said those words.

“Whoever moves will die!”

These words were cold and emotionless. In an instant, everyone in the hall became silent. Even if they could not calm down, their own large hands covered their mouths.

If they were still a little puzzled by the image of the red-bearded man killing

Lord Lank in one strike, then the red-bearded man killing a Two Satellites Planetary realm cultivator in front of them made them no longer dare to take any chances.

It was like killing chickens for such an expert.

Xu Tui slowly summoned the corpse of the Planetary realm powerhouse he had just killed. He plundered it and began to use the corpse to refine Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals.

“Derry, you do it.’

Derry quickly bent down carefully and responded. He turned around and immediately became arrogant. He looked exactly like Buttface. However, Xu Tui liked this image.

This time, Derry was already familiar with the process. He could roughly guess that Xu Tui knew some kind of secret technique to pry into the mind. Therefore, he asked them one by one. He paid a lot of attention to them and created an opportunity for Xu Tui.

This time, he had gathered a Planetary realm and five quasi-planets. There were more quasi-planets on Planet Manyo than Xu Tui had imagined. There were also 27 Transmutation Realm experts.

Without exception, everyone chose to be loyal to Lord Red Beard.

After asking the question, Derry looked at Xu Tui. Even Belas looked forward to it.

Xu Tui pointed out 11 people with his index finger.

This time, it might be because Governor Lank had been killed first, and another Planetary realm powerhouse had been killed. Coupled with the fact that they were in the Governor’s Mansion, there were 11 people who had sincerely surrendered.

Two quasi-planets and nine Transmutation Realm experts.

This way, Xu Tui had five quasi-planetary experts under him, including Derry and Belas.

As usual, Xu Tui arranged for those who were hypocritical to be in another room. Without any warning, the walls and the Mountain Seal rose at the same time. What was left were corpses all over the ground.

Xu Tui did not feel anything when he killed so many Muyas in one go. It was just a massacre of aliens. However, Belas and Derry were shocked. In their eyes, Xu Tui had already become a red-bearded demon king.

As usual, Xu Tui planted the seeds of the Spiritual Mark on the quasi-planetary experts. The other Transmutation Realm experts were not as troublesome.

The huge difference in mind power allowed Xu Tui to use Spiritual Concealment and spiritual radiation without restraint. He planted Spiritual Shackles on them and did not dare to betray Xu Tui.

It took Xu Tui more than half an hour to refine the corpses of a Planetary realm and three quasi-planetary experts into Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals. He had obtained 50 grams of Blood Crystals and 31 grams of Soul Crystals. His gains were not bad.

Xu Tui was really not interested in the corpses of the Muyas at the

Transmutation Realm. It was mainly because he had gained too little.

At most three grams of blood crystals and soul crystals could be harvested from a Transmutation Realm corpse. Most of them were about two grams.

There were even some that were only a gram or so. Although he had also gained something, he felt that it was a little useless.

Xu Tui’s time was very precious.

However,he was suddenly pierced by the fiery gazes of Belas and Derry. These two fellows looked at the Soul Crystal and Blood Crystal in Xu Tui’s hand. Their gazes were fiery. They were about to drool.

This was especially so for Derry. He had experienced the cultivation speed of using blood crystals previously. So he looked forward to Xu Tui rewarding him with one.

Xu Tui had the intention to reward them with a few pieces. After all, if he wanted a horse to run, he had to feed it grass.

At this moment, Xu Tui suddenly had an extremely sinister thought when he saw the burning gazes of these two guys. This thought was really a little sinister. If someone did this on the Blue Star, it would definitely be a huge crime against the Blue Star and humanity!

However, Xu Tui reacted in an instant. This was not the Blue Star.

This was the planet controlled by the Muyas. This was the Muyas, who treated the Blue Star humans as food. Why did Xu Tui use the moral requirements of the Blue Star humans to restrain his actions? The more cruel he was to his race’s enemies, the better.

In that case, he could do this.

However, Xu Tui knew very well that what he had done today might make him the person he wanted to kill the most when he became a higher-up of the Muyas in the future. As long as his matter today spread, it would probably be endlessly poisonous within the Muyas. It was even possible for the clan to be wiped out.

“Do you want this thing?” The moment he made a decision, Xu Tui waved the

Soul Crystals and Blood Crystals that he had just obtained at the two of them.

Derry’s eyes lit up in excitement. He was about to drool. “Sir, I am willing to serve you to the death!”

These words made Belas anxious. He quickly expressed his stance, “Sir, I’m also willing to pledge my loyalty to you to the death!”

Xu Tui nodded in satisfaction. “I do want to reward you with these treasures. And I think that the two of you are my most trusted subordinates. I want to teach you the method of refining the Blood Crystal and Soul Crystal. In the future, as long as you have enough corpses, you will be able to refine blood crystals and soul crystals to cultivate.”

Derry and Belas’ eyes immediately widened. They were pleasantly surprised! Derry knelt on one knee on the spot. He placed his hand on his chest and said to Xu Tui, “Honorable Sir, Derry will always be your most loyal servant.”

Belas became anxious. In the past, he had been exceptional in front of

Governor Lank. No one would dare to say that he was second in such a matter.

He did not expect that in front of Red Beard today, he would be beaten to it by Derry. In the next moment, Belas knelt in front of Xu Tui and kissed the top of his shoes. “Sir, your servant is willing to do anything for you.”

“Hahahaha!” Xu Tui laughed out loud when he saw the two of them. However, his laughter was strangely creepy.

Perhaps the future nightmare of the Muyas would begin today!

A few minutes later, Xu Tui taught the technique of refining Blood Crystals and Soul Crystals to the two of them. Then, he watched as the two of them refined a Transmutation Realm corpse on the spot.

Twenty minutes later, Derry and Belas completed their refinement. The blood crystals and soul crystals each reached one to two grams. However, their excitement and happiness were indescribable.

This time, it was Derry who knelt on the ground first. He kissed Xu Tui’s shoes with difficulty to express his gratitude and loyalty.

Belas was another step slower.

The two of them once again used their highest etiquette to thank Xu Tui for his reward. Derry bent down and asked carefully, “Sir, I want to ask you a question. Please give me some pointers.”

“SDeak! ”

“Sir, I want to know if I can use the secret technique you taught me to refine cultivators at the Evolution Realm or even the Mutation Realm to obtain blood crystals and soul crystals. What about refining civilians and slaves who did not cultivate much? Could we obtain Soul Crystals and Blood Crystals? Can you only refine corpses and not living people?” Derry asked carefully.

This question made Xu Tui stare at Derry. It made Derry’s hair stand on end. He felt a little uneasy. “Sir, did I ask something wrong?”

“You’re not wrong.” Xu Tui’s voice suddenly became sinister. “I can’t answer your questions because I have never tried it before. I don’t even fancy a Transmutation Realm corpse, let alone an Evolution Realm corpse. However, if you have time and leisure, you can try.”

After saying the last sentence, Xu Tui sighed when he saw the eager gazes of the two of them. Pandora’s box was completely opened at this moment. In the future, he wondered if Derry and Belas would regret having such thoughts.

“Understood. Thank you for your guidance, Sir. I’ll try it out when I have the time,” Derry said.

Belas quickly expressed his stance.

“Yes, try it out boldly.” Xu Tui lit another fire for them. At the same time, he said, “Also, if you encounter a trusted aide, you can pass this method down as a reward.” Xu Tui continued, “However, as a request, all of you, including your subordinates, have to hand over 30% of the blood crystals and soul crystals you obtained through this method. You can deal with the rest yourselves.”

“Only 30%? Sir, you’re really generous!” Derry and Belas had happy expressions.

Xu Tui was stunned. “Remember, it’s 30%! Also, you know the consequences of cheating in front of me.”

Derry and Belas quickly promised. Actually, even if Xu Tui did not mention it, they would not dare to have any such thoughts. After all, Xu Tui, the red-bearded man, was a terrifying existence that could pry into their minds. After explaining all of this, Xu Tui looked in the direction of the Holy Temple on Planet Manyo.

That officiant had been spying on him for so long.. It was time to meet him!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1