Chapter 1370 - 1370: Myriad Thoughts Holy Token And Renewable Resources

Chapter 1370: Myriad Thoughts Holy Token and Renewable Resources

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lax of security.

This was the feeling that Planet Manyo gave Xu Tui. It could even be said to be useless.

Governor Lank was killed by Xu Tui 10 kilometers away from Gav City. A group of high-ranking officials and nobles on Planet Manyo were all turned into meat paste by his Mountain Seal. However, Gav City, which was 10 kilometers away, was still bustling with activity. There were no changes at all.

Under the lead of the governor’s butler, Belas, and a few other Muyas who had sincerely surrendered, Xu Tui and the others did not attract much attention when they entered Gav City.

Only a faint mind power fluctuation came from the towering Holy Temple on the west side of Gav City. Xu Tui could sense a rather strong mind power sizing him up.

“Belas, there’s only one Officiant in the direction of the Holy Temple?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, Sir. Our Planet Manyo has a small population. Coupled with the fact that it’s located in a remote area, not many of the officiant are willing to come here.

Currently, the officiant stationed here on Planet Manyo is Lord Gabe. He is a high-level quasi-planetary officiant, but he was very strong. It was said that he had the strength of the Planetary realm. However, the officiant has a noble status. We’ve never seen him attack.”

Belas had become extremely well-behaved after Xu Tui killed the captives. Not only did he answer every question, but he also told Xu Tui everything he knew.

Of course, Xu Tui had planted a seed of Spiritual Mark in his mental body, including spiritual hints with spiritual support. It was easier to control him. However, the spiritual mark seed that Cai Shaochu had taught Xu Tui still had its limitations even after Xu Tui and the others had studied and improved it many times.

If there was a Supernatural Branch expert with stronger mind power than Xu

Tui, they would be able to erase the Spiritual Mark Seed without any damage.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui suddenly noticed the direction of the Holy Temple.

Xu Tui could sense that the mental fluctuation that was peeping over from the Holy Temple of Gav City was at least the mental fluctuation of a Planetary realm powerhouse. As he was spying, his senses were a little blurry. It might be more than that.

“Belas, are there most superb individuals in the Muya Holy Temple, and have very strong mind power?” Xu Tui asked another question.

“This… Sir, I’m not too sure. I don’t have much contact with the Holy Temple,” Belas said.

“Sir, I can answer you this question. Most of the people in the Holy Temple are superb individuals. I don’t know how strong their mind power can be. As long as they were Planetary realm experts from the Holy Temple, their combat strength would be far stronger than the local Planetary realm experts.

“There were also many Planetary realm experts in the Holy Temple who cultivated their bodies. Planetary realm experts who purely cultivate their bodies have a much lower status. They are usually from the Iron Guards or the Punishment Team,” Derry said.

Xu Tui stared at it with his mind power from afar. He had a dazzling red beard and eye-catching horns. Under the lead of the governor’s butler, Belas, he entered the governor’s residence.

“Derry, bring Bolas and follow the plan.”

“Don’t worry, Sir!”

Xu Tui’s order made Derry laugh so hard that his eyes were about to disappear. Why did he come here? It was to plunder and fish.

With the appearance of the governor’s butler, Belas, the quasi-planetary expert and a few Transmutation Realm experts who had defected previously, the remaining forces of the governor’s mansion were temporarily locked up in a hall without any abnormalities.

There were no accidents.

Then, Derry came over and said that the warehouse of Planet Manyo in Gav City had been opened. He came over to invite Xu Tui over to take a look.

Xu Tui suddenly had some admiration for this guy when he saw how careful he was. He knew how to do things. He opened the warehouse in Gav City but did not rush in immediately. Instead, he invited Xu Tui over first. He was very good at what he did.

Xu Tui was actually waiting for him here. If Derry had rushed into the warehouse first and filled his pockets, Xu Tui would have made him wish he was dead. He would have established his might and taught him a lesson. However, he did not expect this guy to be so sensible.

The warehouse of Gav City on Planet Manyo was considered the main warehouse because of Governor Lank. It was stored well. When he entered, Belas told Xu Tui the total number as if it was a family treasure.

It contained about 73,000 grams of Origin Crystals. This was the stockpile that had been mined on Planet Manyo in a year. Furthermore, it was the stockpile after paying tribute to the various factions, including Red Beard.

Xu Tui waved his hand and took away the 73,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Derry was disappointed. He had wanted to get a share.

However, Xu Tui did not have any intention of taking care of such an outsider even if he temporarily defected to him.

Next, Belas reported various ores, refined materials, plant seeds, and so on. There were many of them and they were worth a lot of money. However, he was not interested.

The reason was very simple. Although Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain was not small, he had brought a lot of supplies and emergency equipment when he came previously. It was not empty. It could not hold too many things.

These mineral materials occupied a relatively large area.

Xu Tui only picked up a dozen things that the Blue Star had never heard of. He casually brought some and waved his hand. “You guys split these things!” Just as the Derry and Belas were overjoyed, Xu Tui turned around and added, “Set up a distribution ratio.

“After I choose from the gains, I’ll let you split the rest according to the distribution ratio. Every member in our team has to have a share. Of course, different statuses and strengths will definitely have different shares.”

Derry was stunned, but Belas smiled and said, “Don’t worry, Sir. we’ll do it accordingly.”

In the end, Belas brought Xu Tui to another security door in the warehouse. Xu Tui’s mind power could not penetrate the safety door. “This is?” Xu Tui looked at Belas.

“Sir, this is the inner warehouse. It can block mind power. It will store some special resources and very precious things. I can’t open this inner vault. Usually, only the governor can open it,” Belas said.

“What if someone forces it open? What are the consequences?”

“I don’t know. No one has ever done that before. The governor himself did this…”

Before Belas could finish speaking, there was a soft tapping sound in the inner vault. Then the door opened.

The defense… was really simple. Their security was really lax.

The moment the door opened, Xu Tui felt that the breathing of Derry and Belas had become heavier. The things here were very precious. There were only 11 holy tokens that were emitting a faint soft white light and three strange-colored bottles. There was some liquid in the bottles.

Xu Tui realized that the gazes of Derry and Belas kept circling around these two things. These two things were very precious. He had seen many holy tokens on captives in the past. He had also studied them, but he could not use the power inside.

However, the holy token here was clearly larger than the one he had obtained from the captive. The materials and aura were a little different, especially the aura. It was more majestic.

“What’s this?”

Xu Tui had wanted to ask about the three strange bottles, but Derry thought that Xu Tui had never seen a holy token before. He quickly introduced it to Xu Tui, “Sir, this is the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.”

“The Myriad Thoughts Holy token? What’s the difference between it and the holy token?” Xu Tui asked.

“Sir knows about the holy token?” Derry was stunned.

“Of course.”

“Sir, the holy token is something that every Muya uses when they pray. It can slowly accumulate holy power. We can use the holy power in the holy token. The Myriad Thoughts Holy token belonged to the public.

“As it was public, its accumulation speed was different. It needed about a million people to pray on time every day. It had to accumulate for about two months before the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was filled. Moreover, not everyone is very pious.”

“Such as you?”

Derry chuckled. “Sir, I’m still a little pious of our Supreme Lord.”

Xu Tui smiled. How much could a little be?

“Because not everyone is very pious, the accumulation of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token requires more people and time.

“It would take two to three million slaves and a small number of civilians to pray for at least four to six hours every day. They would have to accumulate for about half a year to fill up a holy token.

“Slaves usually had to work. Basically, these 11 Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens were about a year or two of production on Planet Manyo. It was very precious. Many people took pride in having a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token as their trump card. It was very useful for saving one’s life or killing enemies. At the same time, it is also the most precious renewable resource among our Muyas!”

Renewable resource.

These words stunned Xu Tui. He had some associations.

For example, the current Blue Star believed that the energy produced by the earth vein was renewable. However, it was not purely renewable. According to the information, the Blue Star used to be very abundant in energy, but it became extremely poor after such a long time.

It was only after Xu Tui unsealed the Origin Domain that this situation changed. Or rather, it was because the Muyas had also encountered such a predicament that they had such a saying about renewable resources.

Xu Tui thought about it and temporarily threw the words ‘renewable resource’ to the back of his mind. His attention continued to focus on the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

“Public, do you mean that anyone can use the power of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token? I can use it too?” Xu Tui looked at Derry.

Belas did not understand, but Derry understood what Xu Tui meant. This was because only Derry understood Xu Tui’s true identity as a Blue Star human.

“This… Sir, I’ve never tried it either. There are similar records in the Holy Temple. Sir, you can try it yourself. This power is the purest and most harmless. You just have to use your mind power to mobilize it, ” Derry said.

Beside him, Belas looked puzzled. He did not understand. Red Beard did not know about this?

In the next moment, Xu Tui carefully probed into one of the holy tokens with his mind power. His mental mark instantly appeared on the holy token.

In an instant, Xu Tui felt the boundless power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1