Chapter 1389 - 1389: Book Of Enlightenment

Chapter 1389: Book of Enlightenment

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had always wanted to know how the Muya Expeditionary Force would pass through the high-temperature fire wall of the solar system and even reach the solar system with the Sun Guardian that Little Six had mentioned.

Xu Tui already knew how the Spiritual Race crossed it through Yanzi. It was an ultra -limited teleportation channel that the Spiritual Race had spent a lot of money to establish. This was how Yanzi had come over back then.

These two planets were respectively named Planet X and Planet Y by the Spiritual Race. They were extremely mysterious.

Even Yanzi, who had walked past once, did not know the exact location. No matter what, there were still many restrictions on the passage of the Spiritual

Race.

Not only were there the restrictions that a quantum teleportation channel should have, but there were also many other restrictions. For example, they were limited by the influence of the quantum storm inside and outside the fire wall and the flow of energy in the fire wall.

Within a year, they could only move within a specific period of time.

Xu Tui basically knew how the Great Xi Clan entered the solar system from the Milky way.

However, because Lavis’ level was not high, his knowledge was very limited.

The Great Xi Clan had come through their quark particle jumper, but the energy required could be said to be heavenly. Every time he wanted to jump through the solar system’s high-temperature fire wall, he needed a long time to prepare.

However, Xu Tui really did not know about the Muyas. Even the two Muya traitors, Gabe and Derry, did not know how to do it.

This time, looking at the scale of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force, which had more than a thousand people, they had clearly found a way to advance on a large scale. Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes the moment the horn sounded. He saw the snow cat that Little Six was in. His face darkened.

Has this guy gone crazy? He was jumping up and down like a lunatic. He scanned the room with his mental perception. The spacious room was filled with the snow footprints left behind by this guy.

They were densely packed. How crazy would that be?

When he sensed that Xu Tui had woken up, Little Six immediately quietened down. His ice-blue eyes stared at Xu Tui. “Xu Tui, can we discuss this?”

“No!” Xu Tui rejected him directly. He saw through Little Six’s intentions even without Little Six saying anything.

“I didn’t even say anything, yet you rejected me. Can you be more sincere?” Little Six was dissatisfied.

Xu Tui glanced at Little Six with an expert’s gaze. “I’ve already seen through your thoughts. Do you want to stay in this snow cat’s body for a long time and move around freely?”

Little Six was stunned. Xu Tui was right.

“If others saw your crazy cat-like state, they would be suspicious. No one would believe me even if I explained that I instantiated and controlled it,” Xu Tui said.

“Then I’ll be quiet, okay? It’s too boring to stay at your place,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui hesitated.

“Really. I guarantee that I will be very, very quiet within the range of other gazes or mind power. I will be like a real cat!” Little Six promised with all his might, looking pitiful.

This made Xu Tui feel a little sad. Although Little Six was an old ghost in terms of age, his mind often acted like a child. It was even inferior to Ah Huang.

“Xu Tui, I really want to. I…” Little Six became anxious when he saw Xu Tui hesitate.

This day was probably Little Six’s freest day in countless years. In the past, although he was used to being alone and daydreaming, he yearned for freedom. He was overjoyed to be able to move around for a while today.

Humans were like that. Sometimes, they would get used to it. However, once a habit was broken, it was very difficult to tolerate.

“Alright, I promise you. In the future, I can often instantiate snow cats for you to move around freely. You have to remember your promise.” Xu Tui thought about it and agreed.

“Hah, that’s great.’

The snow cat that Little Six had transformed into jumped 30 feet into the air excitedly.

“But not today. You have to come back today. The expeditionary force will set off later. The road ahead is unpredictable. There’s also the purple-robed Bishop, Klens. I can’t let you attract attention,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Little Six pouted at first, but then he nodded sensibly. In the next moment, Little Six instantly turned into an obscure spiritual fluctuation and returned to Xu Tui’s body.

Without Little Six’s support, the snow cat that Xu Tui had instantiated for a long time instantly turned into a pool of ice.

“Sir.” Xu Tui stepped out of the door. Derry, Belas and Bart were already gathered outside the door and waiting for Xu Tui.

The three of them looked at Xu Tui with exceptional respect.

This was one of the consequences of his battle with Bunet yesterday. The Muyas worshiped the strong. This was especially so for the three of them. They also knew that Xu Tui had not displayed his true strength in the battle yesterday.

He had defeated the peak of Five Satellites, Bunet, with great difficulty, when his strength was greatly restricted. Then how strong was this lord?

Respect for Xu Tui arose from the bottom of their hearts. This was something that Xu Tui had not expected. This change had already made Xu Tui consider whether he should increase the strength of Derry and the others.

He had many things that could increase their strength. Whether it was the holy blood or the Blood of Radiance, it might allow these three people to quickly break through to the Planetary realm.

Xu Tui felt that he could consider taking advantage of the situation. Due to the overlapping of many reasons, this guy’s loyalty was actually relatively full. When Xu Tui arrived at the square of Planet Meria, Bunet, who had already arrived, greeted Xu Tui from afar. His face was filled with enthusiasm and smiles.

Xu Tui replied with a smile. The effects of the battle yesterday and his final choice were completely displayed today.

“Officiant Kaedo, let’s go to the gathering point.”

Xu Tui nodded. He wanted to ask how to head to the solar system, but in the end, he did not. He would know soon. If he asked too much, he would be despised. The group flew for about half an hour and arrived at a city surrounded by mountains on Planet Meria.

As it was surrounded by mountains, the city’s climate was relatively warm. It had a large population and was very prosperous.

However, the most eye-catching thing about this city was the six towering Muya Holy Temples.

The six Holy Temples looked exactly the same, but they were distributed in six directions. If Xu Tui and the others looked down from the sky, they could tell that the locations of the six Holy Temples could form a hexagram array that the Muya Holy Temple often used.

In front of the huge square in front of the six Holy Temples, tens of thousands of Muyas with different appearances were lined up neatly.

Everyone was very Quiet. They looked at the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, who

was floating in the sky and emitting a faint holy light with an extremely pious gaze.

Xu Tui’s expression turned serious. He suddenly thought of a possibility from the knowledge of the Muya Holy Temple.

It was a sacrifice of holy power.

Then how many Muyas were there?

On the other side, the commander of the 5th Combat Brigade, Bunet, laughed when he saw the change in Xu Tui’s expression. “It looks like Officiant Kaedo is a true believer. No wonder you obtained the favor of the Lord and Lord Klens.”

As he spoke, Bunet pointed down and said, “But it’s nothing. It’s just 300,000 slaves. It’s their honor to be able to contribute to the Lord!” His words made it clear that these slaves were nothing.

“Three hundred thousand!” Xu Tui was stunned.

Although 300,000 living lives were Muyas, this method…

“I’m afraid that it’s not enough to screen all the slaves and civilians on the entire Planet Meria for 300,000 slave believers who can be used for the holy power extraction sacrifice, right?”

Bunet was about to flare up when he saw Derry interrupt. This was completely overstepping the line. He was just a quasi-planet.

However, when he saw that Derry was from the Nirohogg Dragon Bloodline, his anger instantly subsided. In terms of bloodline, Derry was even more noble than him. Although his strength was not good, he had the right to interrupt.

“How can that be enough! Slaves and civilians who can match the holy power extraction sacrifice have to be true pious believers.

“After batches of tests, it took a full year for a total of three planets around to gather enough,” Bunet said.

Clearly, Bunet knew more.

“This price… is very high,” Derry said.

Hearing this, Bunet nodded. “Indeed, such devout believers are indeed extremely precious resources. However, compared to the gains from entering the solar system, this sacrifice is very worth it.”

Ten minutes later, after everyone arrived, a book suddenly appeared in the palm of the purple-robed Bishop, Klens.

It was a golden page that emitted a dense milky white light. The moment this book appeared, all the members of the Solar System Expeditionary Force waiting to set off in the sky became solemn.

It was one of the four holy artifacts passed down by the main temple of Muya— the Book of Enlightenment.

In the Muya Holy Temple, the book on the statue of the Lord was a replica of this book.

However, at this moment, what Bishop Klens was holding was the true Book of Enlightenment.

The Book of Enlightenment emitted tens of thousands of holy lights and landed on all of the believers of Muya. It seemed to have established a connection with the believers of Muya.

“Believers of the Lord, pray! Pray to the Lord with your most pious hearts!” Klens’ voice was like a curse. As soon as he spoke, the 300,000 Muya fanatics knelt down and began to pray.

In the next moment, countless white spots of light flew up from the direction of the six holy halls and gathered into six routes. Under the guidance of Klens, they formed a six-pointed star array. At the center of the six-pointed star formation was the Book of Enlightenment. Then, there was a long prayer.

Three hours later, the holy power gathered in the hexagram array had already soared into the sky. It shone brightly and illuminated all the celestial bodies that this planet could see.

Klens gripped his holy token with both hands piously. As his holy power surged, he gently flipped open a page of the Book of Enlightenment. Then, he shouted softly, “Solar system, teleport channel, activate!”

As he shouted softly, the countless holy powers gathered there began to roll and gather into a milky-white vortex door of light.

However, the vortex door of light was not stable enough. In the next moment, the purple-robed bishop, Klens, pointed his scepter at one of the temple squares below.

Light shone.

In an instant, the 60,000 pious believers in front of the temple square fell to the ground silently. All the power in their bodies, the blood light, the soul light, and the essence of their bodies soared into the sky under the wraps of the holy power and gathered at the unstable holy power door.

A strong wind blew below. The 60,000 pious believers of the Muya who had fallen to the ground turned into wisps of ashes that filled the sky like snow.

The 60,000 people instantly disappeared as if they had never existed.

At the same time, the holy power door that had absorbed the flesh, blood, and soul power essence of 60,000 people quickly stabilized.

A minute later, a majestic milky-white holy power door completely materialized.

The purple-robed bishop looked in the direction of the gathering of the Solar

System Expeditionary Force. “We have already contacted the mark of the Holy Temple in the Solar System. The Solar System Expeditionary Force begins teleportation..”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1