Chapter 1381 - 1381: Key Information And Arrival

Chapter 1381: Key Information and Arrival

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The gathering location of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force was on

Planet Meria in the Rabo Star Field. There was still a star field between it and Planet Cobila. The distance could be said to be far, and the time to gather was only a month.

Five days had passed before they set off. Therefore, Gabe and Derry had carefully planned the route forward. Many routes could not have been taken, such as the cosmic tunnel. However, because of the holy order, they could be used.

The group first drove the silver fortress and arrived at the core of the Ares Star Field, which was Planet Ares. Then, they set off from the cosmic fortress tunnel on Planet Ares and headed for the cosmic tunnel.

To be honest, Xu Tui felt that his gains on the way out were worth it. Along the way, the star map that he had obtained was secondary. The key was the situation of the cosmic fortress on Ares. Xu Tui already knew it in his heart.

According to Gabe and Derry, the defense of the Muya’s cosmic fortress was similar. Of course, there was no reference for something like Planet Manyo. Xu Tui had already memorized the terrain of the cosmic tunnel fortress on Ares when he passed by, including the ratio of defense power. Even the Muyas did not have many Planetary realm powerhouses.

There were a total of five Planetary realm commanders stationed in the cosmic fortress of Planet Ares. Due to the importance of the cosmic fortress of Planet Ares, the commander was a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

When he passed through the cosmic tunnel, Xu Tui got Little Six to put down the road signs silently. If one day, Xu Tui brought people back to the cosmic tunnel in the Milky Way, he would be able to accurately find the core of the Muyas’ Ares Star Field.

They could move freely in the cosmic tunnel. Gabe, Xu Tui, and the others had only obtained a one-time-use road sign for their destination when they passed through the Ares cosmic tunnel. It was also a road sign for the core of the Rabo Star Field, Planet Rabo.

However, they only gave the road sign. There were no outsiders. In any case, with the holy order, they had to arrive within the deadline.

It made things easier for Xu Tui along the way. He spread out his mind power and continuously sensed the traces of passage on the road.

Xu Tui sensed 15 places with traces of passage along the way. It was also because of this that Xu Tui asked Little Six to memorize the coordinates of the 15 cosmic tunnels.

This scene shocked Gabe and Derry, but they also felt helpless.

Xu Tui, a Blue Star Human, had taken away the core secret just like that.

However, they did not care. On the one hand, it was none of their business. On the other hand, in the understanding of Gabe and Derry, the Blue Star humans in the solar system were just a very weak species.

In the label of the Muyas, the characteristics of the Blue Star Humans were very simple—weak and extremely delicious. Eating them could directly increase one’s cultivation. And so on. It was probably the best food.

There were only two to three planets that could control it.

Comparatively, the Muyas’ understanding of the Blue Star Humans was rather lagging. Of course, the current humans of the Blue Star were not that strong. Therefore, it did not matter to the two of them.

So what if Xu Tui, a Blue Star human, had obtained this information? It was useless! So it did not matter.

Passing through the cosmic tunnel here was no different from passing through the cosmic tunnel of the solar system. However, after advancing in the cosmic tunnel for half a day, a vortex of light suddenly appeared in front of everyone. Xu Tui immediately stopped in his tracks.

Especially in front of the vortex door of light, there was a sword light condensed from holy power.

Xu Tui felt an indescribable threat just by looking at it. The holy power sword light trembled slightly because of Xu Tui’s observation.

“Sir, don’t look too long. This is the entrance of the Holy Land and a forbidden area. Those who trespass will be killed without mercy!” Gabe pulled Xu Tui and quickly left the place.

This was clearly a small universe. Moreover, it should be a very important small universe within the Muyas. Unfortunately, he could not leave a road sign. However, Xu Tui found another cosmic node 40 minutes away from it in the cosmic tunnel and asked Little Six to leave the coordinates.

On the way, Gabe also told Xu Tui about some of the so-called holy lands.

The Muya Holy Temple of the Muyas, which was also the location of the Divine Court, was in the Planet Hades of the Hades Star Field. However, there was a holy land above the Divine Court.

It was said that it was a place where the glory of God and the Lord had descended. Ordinary people could not enter, but every bishop, including the chiefs of the Muya Star Fields, had to make a trip to the Holy Land before they took office.

The cosmic tunnel was only another entrance to the holy land.

A day later, Xu Tui and the others arrived at the cosmic tunnel node of the core planet of the Rabo Star Field.

Xu Tui also got Little Six to leave a location mark. After he showed the Assemblement Holy Token, he passed through without any obstruction. He also saw the defensive characteristics of the other most important cosmic fortress of the Muyas.

It was only 60% similar to the cosmic fortress on Planet Ares. The tunnel was more complicated. In terms of defense and manpower, there were seven Planetary realm experts.

It should be because they were close to the frontline.

Xu Tui was extremely dejected for a day or two after he successfully left Planet Rabo and drove another silver fortress to his destination.

The Muyas were too strong. This was especially so when he passed by the cores of planets like Ares and Rabo. The strength of the Muyas gave Xu Tui immense pressure.

Xu Tui had discovered more than a dozen Planetary realm powerhouses on Planet Ares. According to Gabe, there were at least 21 of them. There were even more on Planet Rabo. There might be 24 or even more.

The total number of Planetary realm powerhouses on these two planets was more than the total number of Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star. There were nine such star fields. Basically, every planet with a governor had one or two Planetary realm experts.

How many Planetary realm powerhouses did the Muyas have? How could the humans of the Blue Star fight with the Muyas?

For a moment, Xu Tui felt a little despair. He was very depressed. It took two to three days for his powerful willpower to recover from this dejected mood.

He could only fight!

Was he afraid of death? He was afraid! However, what was the point of being afraid when death really arrived? He could only fight!

It would take more than ten days to arrive at the outpost planet, Meria, from Planet Rabo. Over the past ten days, Xu Tui had basically understood everything about Kaedo through his old opponent, Gabe.

Xu Tui was also very talented in learning.

In Gabe’s words, unless Kaedo’s parents or wife arrived personally, no one would be able to recognize Xu Tui’s disguise. In the past ten days, the problem of language and accent had been completely resolved.

As for water-type abilities, Xu Tui continued to comprehend the 20% of the water source power he had obtained from the Water Origin Palace. He had also gained something. It was not a problem to impersonate him.

In addition, in the words of Gabe and Derry, it was not surprising for an officiant to cultivate some new supernatural abilities.

After all, Kaedo had been stationed on Planet Cobila for six years.

This made Xu Tui heave a sigh of relief. He could use supernatural abilities with inconspicuous characteristics. Earth-element instantiation could be used. However, the God Slaying Sword could not be used easily.

Other than that, what Gabe emphasized the most was personality.

The abilities and appearance of a Muya could be changed to a certain extent under the influence of time. However, only their personalities, especially those of older people, were extremely difficult to change.

Kaedo’s personality was characterized by arrogance, bigotry, meanness, and a little extreme. This was also the fundamental reason why Kaedo was not liked in the Holy Temple and was sent to Planet Cobila.

Xu Tui needed to disguise these characteristics. With his meticulous preparations, Xu Tui and the others finally arrived at the outpost planet, Meria, on the 16th of July..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1