Chapter 1387 - 1387: The Terrifying Purple-Robed Bishop

Chapter 1387 - 1387: The Terrifying Purple-Robed Bishop

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui naturally stopped when Bishop Xiliude spoke. He knew very well that he had not won. This was because in his current state, he could not kill Bunet. He could only use the infinite ice seal cycle to trap him.

What followed was a battle of attrition.

Could a quasi-planetary powerhouse and a peak Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse fight against each other in attrition?

The answer was no.

From this point of view, Bishop Xiliude was actually leaning toward Xu Tui. “Thank you for your care, Your Eminence.” After Xu Tui stopped, he crossed his

arms and bowed to Bishop Xiliude, who was in the air, to express his thanks.

Bishop Xiliude nodded slightly, then pressed his hands together. The thunderous applause in the square gradually stopped. “Someone should have recorded the battle just now, right?” After receiving an affirmative answer, Bishop Xiliude smiled and said, “The battle just now could be said to be a textbook battle—”

Suddenly, Bishop Xiliude’s gaze shifted. He saw that the ice lump that was more than ten meters long and wide below was rapidly shattering without Xu Tui’s continuous support.

Crack!

In the next moment, Bunet, who had been sealed inside and was already filled with anger, instantly broke out of his trap. The moment he broke out of his trap, his entire body and trident turned into a golden light and shot toward Xu Tui.

There was the sound of wind and thunder when he moved. Clearly, he was extremely angry. As he was sealed by the ice, he did not hear the news of Bishop Xiliude announcing his victory just now.

“Stop!” Commander-in-chief Dylin shouted. However, his voice was still too slow. It was much slower. The moment he shouted, Bunet had already arrived in front of Xu Tui with his trident.

Even though Xu Tui’s reaction was fast, he was still a little stunned. That was because Xu Tui hesitated for a moment. In such a situation, his best choice should be to teleport. He would definitely be able to escape immediately.

But he did not dare to use it. The ability to teleport was too eye-catching.

The second life-saving ability was the Vajra Barrier. Xu Tui could block most of the full-powered attack of a peak Five Satellites Planetary realm, even if it was

Bunet.

However, Xu Tui hesitated. Among the officiants of the Muya Temple, there were many supernatural beings who dual cultivated their abilities, but there were very few who dual cultivated their energy fields.

Once he used it, the possibility of him being exposed was very high.

Xu Tui lost the initiative with this hesitation. He could only continuously stack the Ice Shields and augment it with his holy power. However, after some hesitation, Xu Tui was given too little time. With only two layers of Ice Shields, Bunet arrived.

The Ice Shield was not what Xu Tui was best at, so the Ice Shield shattered when the trident touched it. The huge trident covered Xu Tui’s chest and abdomen from his neck. It was extremely powerful.

At this moment, Bishop Xiliude could not react in time. He was just talking when Bunet took action. Holy power surged out, but it was too late.

Xu Tui cursed in his heart. He had put in a lot of effort to win this competition, but he did not expect to be severely injured by Bunet after the battle.

He did not care about morals! He was too f*cking unscrupulous!

What made Xu Tui even more depressed was that if this attack destroyed his body, the possibility of him being exposed would greatly increase. This was because if Bishop Xiliude used his holy power to treat him and nurture a new body, the short bone tail that he implanted would definitely not grow back.

Just as Xu Tui was cursing in his heart and the other spectators were shocked, boundless holy power suddenly descended from the sky. At this moment, the holy power was like a prison!

Bunet, who had been charging toward Xu Tui like a charging meteor, suddenly lost all his momentum and was suspended in the air. The boundless holy power was like a large basket that hung the charging Bunet up.

The boundless holy power fluctuated slightly, and all of Bunet’s attacks disappeared without a trace. There was no more struggle.

Xu Tui’s pupils constricted. He instantly gritted his teeth. Was this Bishop

Xiliude’s ability? Wasn’t this too terrifying? At the critical moment, a Five Satellites Planetary realm was hung up by Bishop Xiliude like a kitten. Wasn’t he too powerful?

Based on the situation of Xu Tui’s battle with Bunet just now, Bunet’s true strength was probably not inferior to the top experts on the Blue Star, such as

Haren and Itavi.

In other words, if Bishop Xiliude arrived at the solar system, the top experts of the Blue Star, such as Haren, Itavi, and Augustus, would be like toys in his hands. They would be instantly killed!

Just as Xu Tui was in shock, Bishop Xiliude, Commander-in-chief Dylin, and the other two Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses suddenly turned around and bowed in a certain direction of the temple.

“I’m sorry for disturbing your rest, Sir. This is my dereliction of duty.” Bishop Xiliude bowed.

“It’s fine. I was very interested in the competition just now. Now, there are not many officiants like Kaedo in the Holy Temple.” The voice of the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, sounded.

Countless gazes instantly gathered on Xu Tui again. Some of their gazes even had a hint of heat.

That was envy!

To be able to obtain the praise of the purple-robed Bishop, Kaedo’s future was definitely bright.

If he could return alive.

“Bunet, your tactics have to be more agile. I’m a little worried about your performance today. I’m afraid that you won’t be able to return from the solar system alive. Of course, perhaps it’s because your opponent is too outstanding. Alright, continue!”

The holy power that was holding Bunet up dissipated and instantly disappeared. The moment he landed on the ground, Bunet, who had basically understood the situation, instantly knelt on one knee and expressed his gratitude in the direction of the purple-robed Bishop, Klens.

Xu Tui felt a little relieved. If the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, had such terrifying strength, he could accept it. However, even though Klens was a Nine Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Xu Tui did not expect him to be so terrifying.

A peak-level Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was like a cat and dog in the hands of Klens?

It was too terrifying!

Xu Tui was really worried about the fate of the Blue Star, or rather, the solar system. Wouldn’t it be flattening if the purple-robed Klens arrived at the solar system?

Xu Tui could not think of any other adjective. Even though the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, had hidden himself again, Bishop Xiliude still brought his men and bowed in Klens’ direction. Then, Bishop Xiliude turned around and looked down at everyone again.

After understanding the situation, Bunet was a little terrified. He quickly explained, “Sir, I was sealed by ice just now and didn’t hear you end the battle…”

“I know.” Bishop Xiliude waved his hand magnanimously, making Bunet heave a sigh of relief. However, he said, “I hope that everyone, especially the Supernatural Branch and the various Bishops, will study the recording of the battle just now.

“Strength did not mean everything. Strategic tactics were very important. Today, our Officiant Kaedo gave you an extremely vivid lesson. The difference between a quasi-planetary and a Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse was huge, under normal circumstances, this was the rhythm of an instant kill.

“However, Officiant Kaedo managed to hold on. Not only did he hold on, but he also successfully used various factors to win. This is worth studying. In the future, in the battle of the solar system, you might encounter such a scene.

However, I hope that if any of you encounter it, don’t give up. Don’t be afraid. Strength doesn’t mean everything!

“Use all the elements around you that you can use to defeat your opponent!”

The longer Bishop Xiliude spoke and the more enthusiastic the response below, the more awkward it would be for the commander of the fifth combat brigade, Bunet. He wished he could find a hole to hide in. He was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood!

He had taken the initiative to despise the strength of Officiant Kaedo. He did not expect Kaedo, a quasi-planetary, to defeat him in front of everyone. Although Officiant Kaedo had taken advantage of the weather, district factors, and so on, who would care about this on the battlefield?

Today, Bunet’s reputation was completely gone.

Looking at the gloomy-looking Bunet, then at Kaedo, Bishop Xiliude finally felt that he had to intervene in some matters.

After all, the value of Officiant Kaedo had increased several times from the moment he received praise from the purple-robed Bishop, Klens. He had to pay enough attention!

“Alright, let’s discuss the specifics of which combat brigade Kaedo will go to. The fifth combat brigade doesn’t seem to welcome him, right?” Bishop Xiliude said.

Bunet’s face darkened even more when he heard that. He was slapped in the face. What was worse was that he had caused this himself.

The reason why Bishop Xiliude asked this was mainly because Xu Tui’s value had increased. It would definitely not be appropriate to let Kaedo join the 5th Combat Brigade. It was obvious that Bunet and Kaedo did not get along.

As soon as Bishop Xiliude finished speaking, the commander of the 4th Combat Brigade, Neff, a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, spoke excitedly.

“Bishop, our fourth combat brigade welcomes the participation of Officiant Kaedo. Please approve!”

Someone had taken the initiative to accept Kaedo. Bunet’s expression became even uglier.

Bishop Xiliude nodded slightly when he heard that. The Fourth Combat Brigade was a good place to go. He looked at Xu Tui. “Kaedo, what do you think?”

“Thank you for your care, Your Eminence. However, I think that we should follow the rules. I can’t break the rules just because of me.” Xu Tui bowed.

“Rules?” Bishop Xiliude frowned.

“That’s right. It’s Lord Bunet’s turn to choose someone. If he really doesn’t want me, I can only ask Lord Neff to take me in,” Xu Tui said.

Xiliude nodded. Who said that Kaedo was too paranoid? He knew how to conduct himself in this aspect. The commander of the Fifth Combat Brigade, Bunet, who was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood, instantly became surprised.

A way out! Officiant Kaedo had given him a way out!

It was his only way out. If he did not walk out, he would really become a laughing stock after today.

“Officiant Kaedo has already displayed their courage and combat strength to me. To be honest, I admire him very much. If Officiant Kaedo is willing to join my Fifth Brigade, I would welcome him!” Bunet immediately expressed his stance.

“Of course I am.” Xu Tui responded happily. At the same time, Xu Tui bowed slightly to Neff. “Thank you for your appreciation, Lord Neff. If I have the chance, I will definitely charge under Lord Neff!”

Neff, the combat commander of the Fourth Combat Brigade, laughed out loud when he heard that. He gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up.

At the side, Gabe froze.

Perfect!

However, he could not understand why Xu Tui would go to the 5th Combat Brigade to be bullied. After all, he had just challenged and trampled on the dignity of Commander Bunet. However, in the next moment, he understood when he saw Bunet bow and invite Xu Tui into the team.

After joining the Fourth Combat Brigade, Xu Tui would at most be a more influential officiant. However, if he joined the Fifth Combat Brigade, Xu Tui would definitely become the officiant who could influence the decision-making.

This was decided by today’s battle!

This was also the reason why Xu Tui chose Bunet again..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1