Chapter 1388 - 1388: Blizzard Genetic Ability Chain

Chapter 1388: Blizzard Genetic Ability Chain

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Not long after Kaedo chose to join the fifth combat brigade of the Solar System Expeditionary Force, the division of combat units of the Muyas this time was completed. There were a total of eight Planetary realm powerhouses and 25 quasi-planetary experts in the five combat teams.

Xu Tui was a hindrance in terms of the number of Planetary realm powerhouses.

The commander of the fifth brigade, Bunet, had a follower who was at the Planetary realm. Otherwise, there should be nine Planetary realm experts. Of course, after the previous battle, no one in the entire fifth brigade dared to treat Xu Tui as a quasi-planet.

However, this did not prevent the overall strength of the 5th Combat Brigade from being at the bottom. Even the fourth brigade, which also had a quasi-planetary officiant, Gabe, had 10 Planetary realm experts.

Of course, the strongest was naturally the first combat brigade led by Bishop Xiliude. There were 13 Planetary realm powerhouses.

The three attendants that Xiliude brought were all from the Planetary realm. After the division of combat units, it was time to familiarize himself with the interior.

The other participating units that had been mobilized all brought along several people at the Transmutation Realm.

There were a total of 85 Transmutation Realm participants brought by the others in the 5th Combat Brigade. This was especially so for the Planetary realm powerhouses that had been mobilized from the local area. People like Bunet had brought along many Transmutation Realm Muyas.

Of course, in terms of the number of Transmutation Realm experts, the Fifth

Combat Brigade was still at the bottom. The number of Muyas in the Transmutation Realm led by the commander-in-chief, Dylin, reached a terrifying 260. They were ranked first.

The strength of the entire combat brigade was second only to the first combat brigade led by Bishop Xiliude.

Reality proved that Xu Tui’s decision to return to Bunet’s side was correct.

Originally, he would have been a small transparent existence no matter which combat team he joined, since he was disguised as a quasi-planetary Officiant like Kaedo. But now, Bunet had grandly introduced Xu Tui to all the participants of the 5th Combat Brigade.

Even the other planetary realm officiant had to step aside. He did not have any temper. That was because this officiant also admired Xu Tui. If it was him, not only did he not have the courage to challenge the peak of the Five Satellites in public, but he also had no chance of defeating him.

However, Kaedo could! So he had to submit to Kaedo!

The other two Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses of the 5th Combat Brigade also had the same expression. They were very enthusiastic and respectful to Kaedo.

The Muyas respected the strong the most. And Xu Tui was strong. Perhaps it was because of Bunet’s previous failure, at the same time, he wanted to save some face. Therefore, he admired Xu Tui’s strength very much in the introduction.

The meaning expressed was actually very simple. It was not that I could not do it, but that Officiant Kaedo was very abnormal!

This way, the introduction formed a special recognition.

Officiant Kaedo, who was only a quasi-planet, had actually become the

second-in-command of the fifth combat team.

That’s right, he was definitely the second-in-command! In fact, Xu Tui could influence Commander Bunet’s decisions to a certain extent in the future. This had already exceeded Xu Tui’s expectations.

Xu Tui’s initial thought was that he did not want to become transparent. He wanted to obtain a certain amount of authority to obtain information and make it easier for him to move. He did not expect to become the second-in-command of the fifth combat brigade. It had far exceeded his gains.

According to the notice from above, the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force would set off on the 25th of July, which was a day later. They spent the entire day familiarizing themselves with each other and conserving their energy.

Commander Bunet held a banquet that night. However, Xu Tui did not participate too much. He drank a few glasses and left early. If he was too familiar with it, he would easily expose himself.

Xu Tui had already thought of Kaedo’s character. He did not like to socialize. He liked silence and being alone. This way, the greatest possibility would bring about convenience and safety. After returning to his temporary residence, Derry, Belas, and another quasi-planetary expert named Bart would take turns guarding outside Xu Tui’s residence.

This was Xu Tui’s prerogative as the officiant. However, he did not feel at ease. Although he had controlled these three people, no matter what, these three people were outsiders. Whether it was when he was asleep or when he was cultivating, it was a huge hidden danger to Xu Tui.

After all, the physical body was still relatively weak. If it was premeditated, one attack would be enough to explode Xu Tui’s head.

“Little Six, can you help me stand guard?” Xu Tui was a little worried in the temporary residence.

“Yes, but you have to give me a body that I can use. Otherwise, I can only use the red fire slip to help you stand guard. And that would be too dangerous,” Little Six said.

“Physical body?” Xu Tui frowned. “There are no clones. Will the corpses of the Muyas work?”

Hearing this, Little Six instantly felt a chill run down his spine. “Not to mention that I can’t, even if I can, I won’t use it! You want me to stay in such a disgusting thing for the time being! It has to be something relatively pure.”

“Pure?”

This made Xu Tui feel troubled. As he frowned, Little Six’s voice sounded again. “Actually, you can instantiate a mini snow puppet and give me a few grams of Origin Crystals. I can help you for a few days. Of course, the range of my vigilance is very limited. It’s about a hundred meters, and it can’t be more than a hundred meters away from you,” Little Six said.

Xu Tui was elated when he heard that. With Little Six guarding him, the greatest danger to their safety was resolved. No matter what, it was not safe to use an outsider on duty.

A minute later, a miniature Frost Puppy appeared in front of Xu Tui. The moment it appeared, Little Six shouted gloomily, “You want me to stay in something that even Ah Huang doesn’t stay in?

Fortunately, Ah Huang’s main body was not around. Otherwise, these words would have made these two guys argue for a long time.

“What image do you want?” Xu Tui asked.

“A tiger. It’s more powerful and domineering!”

A minute later, a mini tiger appeared. Its mind power fluctuated and it began to catwalk in the room!

Miniature tigers were actually… cats!

Xu Tui suddenly became happy when he saw Little Six’s snow-white and sparkling cat appearance. So did he form a family of cats and dogs with Ah Huang?

Xu Tui was completely relieved with Little Six on duty. Then, he entered a meditative state. However, he did not start cultivating immediately. Instead, he summarized his gains over the past few days in his introspection.

In the past seven days in the extreme north of Planet Meria, the most important thing that Xu Tui had done was to choose to activate and quickly strengthen a genetic ability chain among his many abilities.

This genetic ability chain was the Blizzard genetic ability chain. With this genetic ability chain, Xu Tui’s application of ice-type supernatural abilities became more proficient. He also had the support of power in his body.

In reality, Xu Tui had found and discovered four ice-type genetic ability chains in the seven days he was in the extreme north of Planet Meria. However, in the end, he chose the Blizzard genetic ability chain.

Firstly, the blizzard genetic ability chain covered most of the Genetic Base Points in the other genetic ability chains.

Secondly, there were as many as 23 genetic base points in the Blizzard Genetic Ability Chain. It could be considered the third genetic ability chain with the most genetic base points.

The more genetic base points it had, the greater its potential after condensing his star.

The reason why he did not cultivate it all was because he was afraid that he would bite off more than he could chew. The other was because Xu Tui’s cultivation concept had gradually become his own system.

With the support of the basic abilities, many ice-type abilities could be instantiated. On the other hand, the Blizzard genetic ability chain could not only form a Blizzard Domain, but it could also greatly increase the enhancement of the ice supernatural abilities.

More importantly, most of the ice supernatural abilities were supported by genetic base points in the Blizzard genetic ability chain. It was even faster to instantiate. For example, the ice puppet, the ice javelin, and the ice seal.

Other than that, Xu Tui had sensed and comprehended many more practical abilities in the extreme north of Planet Meria during the past seven days.

For example, the Ice Mist. Coupled with the blizzard, not only could it block the enemy’s vision, but it could also greatly affect the enemy’s mental perception. It would make the enemy blind and deaf in the blizzard.

The only disadvantage was that both the blizzard and the ice mist were more environmental. He could not use it in a scorching and high-temperature environment.

As for the level development of the Blizzard genetic ability chain, Xu Tui could only say that it was extremely fast.

In the extreme north, coupled with Xu Tui’s powerful mind power and the guidance of his introspection, as well as the abundant Origin Crystals and

Blood Crystals, he managed to reach the peak of Level 3 Gold in seven days.

He would polish it for a while longer and see if he could activate an abnormality. Basically, it had reached the level where it could condense stars. Of course, the prerequisite was that Xu Tui had broken through to the Planetary realm.

Under the protection of Little Six’s snow cat, Xu Tui calmly digested and organized his gains over the past seven days.

A day later, a low horn sound pierced through the entire Meria Holy Temple. The Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force was about to set off!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1