Chapter 1383 - 1383: Expeditionary Force

Chapter 1383 - 1383: Expeditionary Force

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On one side of the main hall of the Holy Temple on Planet Meria was another hall. Half a month ago, it had been temporarily transformed into the purple temple of the purple-robed Bishop, Klens.

Gabe brought Belas and the others and waited anxiously at the door. Everyone who was qualified to enter had already entered.

Only Gabe and Kaedo were left. However, Xu Tui’s disguised Kaedo had yet to arrive. This made Gabe extremely anxious. Logically speaking, Kaedo disobeying the order had nothing to do with him, but the problem was that this matter was very complicated.

“Go in first. I’ll be right there.”

The news he received in the holy token made Gabe heave a sigh of relief. He first brought people in to hand over the order.

In the temporary purple temple, Bishop Xiliude, who was in charge of the affairs, frowned. There was still someone who had not arrived. He turned to look at the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, who was sitting at the innermost area.

“Sir, there’s one more person who hasn’t arrived. Why don’t we start the meeting first?”

The purple-robed Bishop, Klens, emitted a faint holy light. He had a gentle smile on his face and felt a little approachable. However, in everyone’s eyes, he was as high as gods. He could be respected but not approached. Klens smiled and looked at the timer. “How long before the deadline?”

“Sir, there are still 24 minutes before the deadline,” Bishop Xiliude said.

“Then let’s wait. I set the rules, didn’t I?” Klens smiled. His gentle smile made everyone present feel an inexplicable fear.

The rules were set by Bishop Klens. Once someone violated the rules, the purple-robed Bishop Klens would definitely be extremely determined to carry them out. In other words, if this little Officiant Kaedo really arrived late, he would definitely receive the harshest punishment!

In the temporary purple temple, everyone who had given the order was waiting quietly. The atmosphere was a little dull.

Many people glanced at the entrance of the purple temple from time to time. Their eyes were already filled with dissatisfaction. Ten minutes later, an inexplicable frost aura suddenly surged out of the outer door of the purple temple.

Xu Tui, who was wearing the white robe of the officiant, brought Derry and the other two quasi-planets into the purple temple.

“The Ares Star Field, Kaedo, the officiant of the Planet Cobila, has received the holy order to gather and come to submit his orders to Lord Klens.” After entering, Xu Tui crossed his arms in front of his chest in the Muya Holy Temple. At the same time, the holy token in his right hand appeared under the activatement of the holy power.

With a gentle wave of his hand, a beam of holy light shot out from in front of Klens and entered the holy token in Xu Tui’s palm. The holy token that appeared instantly turned from nothing to a material form and landed in Xu Tui’s palm.

This move was simply magical. Even Xu Tui, who was experienced and Imowledgeable, was shocked. However, his powerful spiritual radiation did not cause any fluctuations in his mind. After accepting the materialized holy token, he hugged his chest and bowed to Klens again. “Thank you for your reward, Lord Officiant.” Then, he sat down.

Derry and the others naturally stood behind Xu Tui.

“Alright, Dylin will be the commander of the Solar System Expeditionary Force this time, and Xiliude will be the chief of staff. The plan and basic situation have been handed over to them. You guys can discuss it. Just leave the specific plan to me.”

With that, a holy light flashed, and the purple-robed Bishop, Krens, disappeared into thin air.

This ability made Xu Tui narrow his eyes. Klens was very powerful. He actually had an ability similar to teleportation. In other words, his teleportation would probably be useless if he was really chased by Klens.

Klens was very dangerous!

In the purple temple, the people on the main seat had become Bishop Xiliude and Commander Dylin.

Dylin was a human-headed dragon with fiery red wings. The aura around him was violent and powerful. His aura was still that of a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. However, it could be seen that his personality was definitely not violent.

They were both Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, so Commander Dylin and Bishop Xiliude sat on the same seat. However, Dylin still deliberately sat below Xiliude.

Among the Muyas, the clergy of the Holy Temple would always be superior to others.

Dylin knew how to conduct himself. Clearly, be it Dylin or Xiliude, the battle plan had been decided long ago, not discussed at the last minute. Now, they decided how to march.

In this short period of time, Xu Tui had already understood most of the situation in the hall. There were 205 people in the hall. Among them, there were more than 52 Planetary realm experts.

It was a terrifying number.

According to the previous information, the Holy Temple would draw 10 officiants from the Solar System Expeditionary Force and 30 Planetary realm experts from the various star fields. Including Xiliude and Dylin, there were a total of 42 people who received the holy order.

However, among the officiants, only Gabe and Kaedo were at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm. The rest ranged from one to four satellites.

Comparatively, the quality of the Planetary realm powerhouses mobilized from the local star fields was a little stronger. They were mainly led by Two and Three Satellites, and there were fewer One Satellite Planetary realm powerhouses.

However, in reality, there were 52 Planetary realm experts.

The reason why there were more Planetary realms was that some powerful existences had Planetary realm attendants.

For example, Xiliude and Dylin.

There were also others. So there were 52 Planetary realms and 153 quasi-planets.

This power caused Xu Tui’s heart to surge.

Putting aside Klens’s strength as it was still unknown if the purple-robed

Bishop could go over. However, based on Klens’s arrangements, the two Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts, Xiliude and Dylin, would definitely be able to go over.

These two people brought 52 Planetary realms and 153 quasi-planets to the solar system. No matter which planet they killed, they would be a power that could destroy everything.

Even if they killed their way to Ceres Star, even if Cai Shaochu controlled the Wood Origin Palace, they would not be able to stop them unless Cai Shaochu gathered all the Planetary realm experts on the Blue Star.

However, was it possible for Cai Shaochu to gather all the Planetary realms on the Blue Star?

That was impossible!

There might be more than 50 Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star now, including the eruption after the seal of the Origin Domain was removed. However, most of them were One Satellite Planetary realm powerhouses and were stationed everywhere.

The worst thing was that the Blue Star’s current enemies were not only the Muyas, but also the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race.

Not to mention the elite forces of the Muyas.

Currently, Xu Tui has discovered two Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts, two Six Satellites Planetary realm experts, and six Five Satellites Planetary realm experts. In terms of high-end power, it also crushed the Blue Star in all aspects.

Now, he did not know how this force entered the solar system. If there was really a tunnel that could directly enter the solar system, it would not only be a disaster.

Instead, it would be a calamity!

Moreover, Xu Tui suspected something. The Muyas who were the latest to go to the solar system had already sent out a large number of reinforcements. What about the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race?

There was a 100% chance that reinforcements were setting off. They might be on the way or they might be arriving soon. How could there be no eggs left intact when the nest was overturned?

If the Muya Expeditionary Force completely defeated the main force of the Blue Star on Ceres or Kono, the billions of people on the Blue Star would completely become food for the Muyas.

At that moment, Xu Tui thought of his parents and friends.

In an instant, the little scheme in his heart completely disappeared. Before this, Klens had turned the Holy Order into reality. The tracking effect of the

Holy Order had been removed. For a moment, Xu Tui wanted to escape silently. He wanted to return to the cosmic tunnel on Planet Manyo through the cosmic tunnel and return to the solar system.

Pretending to be their officiant under the noses of a group of Seven and Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses was no different from dancing on the edge of a knife.

There was only danger!

But now, Xu Tui wanted to be a professional in disguise. If he could follow this expeditionary force into the solar system, he might be able to find a chance to win. At the very least, he could warn them immediately.

In the worst-case scenario, the Blue Star powerhouses would retreat to Mars and the moon. They could also hold on for a few years.

After all, without the cosmic tunnel and the quantum teleportation channel, it would take the Muyas two to three years to fly to Mars or the moon from Planet Kono or Ceres without establishing the mark of the Holy Temple.

“Alright, we plan to set off in a day! Now, because there are many people, including the Transmutation Realm experts you brought, the number of people in our expeditionary force this time is as high as a thousand.

“In order to facilitate management and battle, I will now split the expeditionary force into five combat brigades. Basically, every combat team was equipped with two officiants and eight Planetary realm experts from the local Star Fields.

“Bishop Xiliude and I will each lead a brigade. Next, I will announce the names of the other three brigade commands.

As Dylin’s laughter rang out, the atmosphere in the purple temple became more relaxed.

Xiliude and Dylin, the two highest-ranking existences, would naturally choose the candidates first. Soon, the two of them chose the candidates for their brigade. The officiant and the Planetary realm cultivators who had been chosen by them were all excited.

Fighting with such a powerful commander would definitely guarantee their battle merits, safety, and spoils of war. This was especially so for the expeditionary force. The most important thing was definitely safety.

The commanders of the remaining three brigades took turns choosing people. In the beginning, the selection went smoothly. However, a different voice appeared when they chose the last round of officiants.

The others had all been chosen, leaving Xu Tui alone. Which was also Officiant Kaedo. Of course, it was not that he was not chosen. According to the rules, Kaedo, who no one had chosen, was given to the third brigade.

However, the commander of the third brigade was clearly extremely dissatisfied with the Officiant Kaedo. He pointed at Xu Tui and muttered, “Lord Xiliude, I don’t understand. Since it’s the Solar System Expeditionary Force, why did they choose such a weak officiant?”

In an instant, everyone in the hall focused their gazes on Xu Tui..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1