Chapter 1385 - 1385: Infinite Ice Cycle (1)

Chapter 1385: Infinite Ice Cycle (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There was a huge square in front of the Holy Temple on Planet Meria. It was 500 meters wide and was more than a kilometer away from the entrance of the square to the Holy Temple. It was vast and majestic. This was the architectural characteristic of the Muya Holy Temple.

Due to the cold characteristics of Planet Meria, although there was no snow storm here, the open space outside was covered in frost. In the square, all the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts came out to be spectators.

Of course, they also consciously flew into the distance. The layers were like a three-dimensional open-air movie theater.

Xu Tui and Bunet stood in the square. There was a distance of 500 meters between them.

500 meters seemed like a long distance, but it was only an instant for the Planetary realm powerhouses.

Bunet was a noble among the Muyas. That pair of horns was proof. At the same time, it also had the characteristics of a Muya noble. It was dual cultivation. He also had the abilities of the Extreme Branch and supernatural beings.

Of course, there were main and secondary.

For example, Bunet mainly cultivated the ability of the Extreme Branch. His earth-element abilities were not weak either.

On the battlefield, a cultivator with an extremely powerful body like Bunet, coupled with his earth-element supernatural ability, was simply a human-shaped earth pusher. It was powerful and terrifying.

Standing still, Bunet looked at Xu Tui coldly. He opened his left hand, and milky-white holy power and earthen yellow light condensed at the same time. A holy power trident slowly condensed in Bunet’s hand.

Bunet had already decided to use his trident to ruthlessly pierce through the third leg of the ignorant and arrogant guy who dared to provoke him.

It would be best if it was crippled!

He wanted to establish dominance!

He had to establish his might!

If he did not establish his might, how could he effectively command the fifth combat brigade of the Solar System Expeditionary Force?

Xu Tui held the holy token in his hand. A faint holy light surrounded his body. He looked calmly at the oppressive Bunet. He was holding a glass of water in his left hand. It was a glass of water that he had taken out from the holy temple just now.

Bishop Xiliude floated in the air. The light of holy power slowly scattered down. He looked at Xu Tui and Bunet, who were standing still, and said softly, “There are no limits to this battle.”

As soon as these words were spoken, Bunet’s body trembled. He looked at Xiliude. “Sir, are you serious?”

“Of course! Didn’t Kaedo say that he has no regrets even if he dies?” Xiliude replied with a smile. “However, as long as you don’t step on Kaedo’s head in an instant, I can save him.’

“Got it!” Bunet crossed his arms and bowed to Xiliude. “Thank you for your kindness, Lord Bishop!”

This was the bottom line that Xiliude had drawn for this battle. He could fight as he pleased, but he could not crush the head of Officiant Kaedo. He could kill until he died, but he could not kill him in one move.

“Thank you for your kindness, Your Eminence!” Xu Tui bowed again.

“Alright, get ready!”

“Start! ”

Xu Tui moved the moment he said ‘Start’.

In the eyes of outsiders, Xu Tui’s reaction was faster than Bunet’s.

“His reaction and battle will are not bad.” This was Xiliude’s first evaluation of

Kaedo. However, what they did not know was that Xu Tui had used Time Distortion to achieve this. In fact, it was impossible to be smart with a Planetary realm powerhouse in such a focused state.

Almost instantlv, the water in Xu Tui’s left hand danced out under the surginz power. His mind power and holy power danced at the same time. In an instant, snow filled the sky.

One of the abilities that Xu Tui had comprehended during the seven days in the polar region was the Blizzard. Especially in such a cold environment, the effects of the Blizzard were very good.

Basically, it had formed Xu Tui’s own combat domain. Moreover, because it was filled with his mind power, it could also interfere with Bunet’s judgment and his judgment of Xu Tui’s location.

“His combat awareness is excellent!” Xiliude praised silently again.

“Open!” Bunet’s ferocious roar rang out. A khaki-colored light spread out at the same time with holy power and brute force. The Blizzard Domain in front of Bunet instantly disappeared. In the next moment, Bunet was like a small mountain as he blasted toward Xu Tui.

“Freeze!” With a soft shout, the ice and snow in the world instantly gathered towards Bunet. However, just as it was about to seal Bunet into an ice, it instantly shattered.

The difference in strength was too great. Quasi-planetary and a Five Satellites Planetary realm. However, Xiliude’s gaze shifted. At that moment, the mind power fluctuation displayed by ‘Kaedo’ was very strong.

He might even be the mind power fluctuations of a Three Satellites, or maybe Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Xiliude was not surprised at all. Most of the officiants had mind power that was stronger than their own strength. Ordinary quasi-planets had the mind power of a second-level star halo.

This was related to the characteristics of the officiants. Although it was rare for a quasi-planetary officiant to have the mind power of a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, it was still acceptable.

Xu Tui had also displayed this point after carefully studying the characteristics of the Muya Holy Temple. The disguise in the future would definitely be filled with danger. It was better to take the initiative to show that it was different as soon as possible, especially since Bishop Xiliude was present. It was safer.

At the same time, Xu Tui did not dare to use the power in the red fire slip. He was afraid that others would notice something amiss. After all, there was a purple-robed bishop at the Nine Satellites Planetary realm resting in the Holy

Temple not far away..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1