Chapter 1384 - 1384: No Regrets

Chapter 1384: No Regrets

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Other than Xiliude and Dylin, there were also two Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses and a peak Five- Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. The commander of the fifth brigade was a huge man with a pair of horns. He was at least three meters tall. My name was Bunet.

He was picking on Xu Tui because he was too weak. What he received was the laughter of the commanders of the other brigades.

Even Bishop Xiliude laughed. He had no choice. That was the rule within the Muyas. Strength was paramount when one’s status was similar.

Therefore, the selection of members was also done in this order. Xiliude, who had the highest status and strength, went first. The commander of the fifth brigade, Bunet, who had the lowest status and strength, was the last to choose.

He did not choose a weakling in the first round, but it was still leftovers after the others picked out the four strongest and most powerful officiants. In the second round, he had no choice but to choose Officiant Kaedo, who was only a quasi-planet and was not very punctual.

Therefore, Bunet had a lot of objections.

This was the Solar System Expeditionary Force, not marching training. After arriving at the solar system, what did he rely on when he was unfamiliar with the place and had no reinforcements? He could only rely on his and his members’ strength. Only by being strong enough could he and his members survive all kinds of crises and obtain battle merits.

The officiants accompanying the team were very important. It concerned the treatment, combat will, and support of the other members. Therefore, after realizing that no matter how he chose, he was the weakest brigade in the team, Bunet could not sit still.

This was because this situation would happen again during the selection of Planetary realm powerhouses.

On the other hand, the powerful Planetary realm and the officiants were also more powerful. The weaker ones were not much stronger. It was also because of this consideration that Bunet despised Officiant Kaedo. He had no intention of targeting him. He only wanted to use this method to increase the strength of his 5th Combat Brigade.

What followed was an extremely cruel expeditionary war. Of course, it did not matter even if they targeted him. Although the status of the officiant was considered noble, an officiant at the peak of the quasi-planetary realm was nothing to Bunet. If it was an officiant of the Four or Five Satellites Planetary realm, Bunet would definitely suck up to him immediately.

Everyone laughed one way or another when they heard Bunet’s dissatisfied complaints. However, no one cared about Xu Tui. On Planet Cobila, he was no different from a local emperor. However, here, he was a small shrimp.

Xu Tui also narrowed his eyes. He knew very well that it was time to make a choice. If he had swallowed his anger and not said a word, he would have survived this wave. Of course, this was actually a normal operation. His strength and status were inferior to others. It was normal for him to be despised and laughed at.

He deserved it!

However, Xu Tui knew very well that if he survived this wave, Officiant Kaedo that he was disguised as would become the quietest officiant in the 5th Combat Brigade and the entire expeditionary army.

Other than following orders, Xu Tui’s situation would become very difficult. At that time, it would be impossible for him to do anything or affect anything. The weak had no rights! If he did not have the right to speak, Xu Tui might not even have the freedom to enter and leave.

Therefore, he could not!

In the next moment, Xu Tui, who had been lowering his head slightly,

suddenly raised his head. His mind power gathered in his eyes, causing his gaze to pierce toward the combat commander of the fifth brigade, Bunet.

His eyes were filled with provocation and anger. Such a tangible gaze instantly attracted the attention of everyone present, including the commander of the 5th Combat Brigade, Bunet.

However, Commander Bunet did not care about Xu Tui’s angry gaze. What was the point of being angry when he was a quasi-planet? What else could a rabbit do other than become food for the tiger?

Therefore, even though Xu Tui’s gaze was like a sword, Bunet had no intention of paying attention to Xu Tui. Instead, he turned around and looked at the Bishop in charge, Xiliude. He hoped to obtain compensation from a certain number of people.

This was the fundamental goal of his words.

Xu Tui was ignored again. However, in the next moment, his voice sounded. “Honorable Lord Bunet, there are differences in strength between the servants of the Lord. This is inevitable! However, the servants of the Lord have the right to defend their dignity. At the same time, it’s also for the glory of the Lord!”

Xu Tui took out his personal holy token and held it in front of his chest. He crossed his arms and bowed slightly to Bunet. “Lord Bunet, I’m Kaedo, the officiant of Planet Cobila. I challenge you. Please satisfy my wish!”

Bunet’s expression instantly changed. The expressions of all the clergy, Planetary realm, and quasi-planetary experts present changed. The purple temple instantly became silent.

Bishop Xiliude looked at Xu Tui with a playful gaze. Was this the characteristic of the stubborn personality in Officiant Kaedo’s information? However, this stubbornness made Xiliude admire it. In the current Muya Holy Temple, there were too few obsessive officiants like Kaedo.

Basically, an officiant who could stubbornly protect his dignity and the honor of the Lord was the most pious believer of the Lord. Of course, if this paranoia did not have the cooperation of basic strength, then this paranoia was ignorance and arrogance.

At that time, Kaedo would be completely classified as trash by Xiliude. It involved the so-called glory of the Lord, and it was said in public. Even someone with a high status and strength like Bunet did not dare to ignore it.

“Are you serious?” Bunet turned around and looked coldly at Xu Tui, or rather, Kaedo, who was challenging him.

Xu Tui did not say anything else. Instead, he maintained his bowing posture.

However, he bowed even lower. He seemed to be very determined.

“Glory. Even if I die, I still yearn for it,” Xu Tui added softly. This sentence made everyone in the hall feel deep veneration.

The way they looked at Kaedo was different. It was the same for Xiliude. He looked at Xu Tui with even more interest. It was already extremely commendable for a quasi-planetary expert to say such a thing to a Five Satellites Planetary realm.

At the side, Gabe and Derry were already stunned. However, the two of them had a clear look in their eyes, especially Gabe. He looked at Xu Tui with admiration.

At this moment, Gabe understood! He had been an officiant for more than ten years, but he could not see it as clearly as a human of the Blue Star who had disguised himself for more than ten days.

He had to farm his reputation! This was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to farm reputation.

Gabe thought of the words—Honorable even if he lost!

Xu Tui was destined to lose this battle. However, it would be different even if he lost. Even if he lost, no one dared to look down on Officiant Kaedo.

Of course, the performance of this battle also determined Kaedo’s future status. If Kaedo was like a salted fish and could not even struggle when he was stepped on by Bunet, he would only earn a little respect from the others. However, it would be different if he performed slightly better.

It would be several times the gains!

He did not dare!

If he killed him, Bunet would definitely be in big trouble in the future. The clergy of the Holy Temple was a very mysterious group. Usually, there was a fierce internal battle, but when it came to defending their collective interests, they were surprisingly unanimous. It was an ironclad rule that clergymen were superior to others.

As for Bunet accidentally killing him? Impossible! Bishop Xiliude was sitting there.

Bunet was indescribably depressed when he saw Xu Tui bowing and asking for a battle.

To be able to get to this position, he had already thought it through. He should win, but no matter how he won, he would become a stepping stone for Kaedo. If it was an ordinary situation, he would be able to explain it if he killed him by mistake.

But today! Bunet turned around and looked at Bishop Xiliude and Commander-in -chief Dylin. Now, only these two people could stop him.

However, Bishop Xiliude smiled and had no intention of speaking. Commander-in-chief Dylin turned around.

The meaning was clear. You solve it yourself!

So he could only accept the challenge! If he did not fight, he would only become a laughing stock. However, if he were to fight, he had to step this trashy officiant who dared to challenge him in public into the mud, so he would never be able to get up!

He would step on Kaedo like an ant so that he could not even struggle! Bunet was confident in this.

“Those who dare to defend their honor are all warriors! Officiant Kaedo, I accept your challenge! But I have to remind you that I won’t hold back!” Bunet slowly stood up.

“Thank you for your guidance, Sir. I have no regrets even if I die!”

Gabe exclaimed. These words gave Xu Tui another wave of reputation. It could be foreseen that with this wave, if he could really return alive, Kaedo would definitely be placed in an important position in the temple.

At the very least, it would not be a problem to be transferred to a more prosperous planet. He might even be transferred to the Divine Court.

What a pity…

At that moment, Gabe really wanted Xu Tui to impersonate him.

The words ‘no regrets even if I die’ finally piqued the interest of Bishop Xiliude. Regardless of strength, this Kaedo had obtained Xiliude’s admiration in this aspect.

Amidst the applause, Bishop Xiliude slowly stood up and said with a smile,

“Alright, I’ll be the main judge in your battle.”

Xu Tui stood up and turned in the direction of Bishop Xiliude. He crossed his arms again and bowed. “Thank you for your kindness, Lord Bishop.”

Bishop Xiliude smiled and waved his hand. He led the way out of the hall. “Let’s go to the outer square. I’m afraid you can’t use your full strength here.”

Xu Tui happily followed. The Commanding Officer of the 5th Combat Brigade, Bunet, could only follow with a dark expression.

That feeling was as uncomfortable as stepping on dog poop!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1