Chapter 1386 - 1386: Infinite Ice Cycle (2)

Chapter 1386 - 1386: Infinite Ice Cycle (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui did not dare to play too many tricks.

In the raging blizzard, the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Bunet, pounced toward Xu Tui like a bolt of lightning.

However, during the process of pouncing, the ice seal appeared at least ten times. These ten ice seals did not succeed every time as they would be broken by Bunet every time they were about to seal him.

However, he successfully interrupted Bunet’s rhythm and greatly reduced his speed. Xu Tui used his strength to buy himself some strategic time.

Xu Tui stepped on the ice and snow and quickly retreated. In the next moment, holy power surged out. Under the control of his powerful mind power, dozens of ice javelins blasted toward Bunet at the same time.

With the enhancement of the holy power, the Ice Javelins could barely injure

Bunet.

Bunet wanted to take it head-on, barged over and explode Xu Tui’s third leg. However, he regretted it after taking an Ice Javelin head-on. The ice javelin did not cause him much damage. Even Xu Tui, who was extremely sinister, used

the ice power of the ice javelin as a guide to cast an ice seal on him.

In an instant, he successfully turned into an ice lump. The ice seal was broken in less than a tenth of a second. However, he still blocked him again and successfully forced him back to the ground. The ice javelins blasted towards Bunet like rain again.

This was probably the most aggrieved battle that Bunet had ever fought. His opponent was clearly an ant that he could crush at will, but he could not. It also made him feel very uncomfortable.

With the previous situation of being sealed by the ice, Bunet did not dare to take the ice javelin head-on. He could only quickly approach while dodging. However, he lost his speed advantage after dodging.

Xu Tui played hide-and-seek with him in the blizzard. He blasted with the ice javelin and then kept retreating.

Bunet, who had lost his speed from constantly dodging the ice javelins, could not catch up to Xu Tui in a short period of time. “You coward, do you dare to fight head-on?!” The furious Bunet roared. However, he regretted it after shouting.

“I’m a quasi-planetary expert fighting a Five Satellites Planetary realm head-on. Is there something wrong with my brain?”

Xu Tui’s words made Bunet feel even worse than the ice seal. However, Bunet also calmed down.

Was Kaedo a quasi-planet?

It was clearly not!

Kaedo probably had the strength of a Two Satellites and Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. His tactics were awesome and exciting. He was very difficult to deal with. If he did not calm down, he would probably become a joke today.

Thirty seconds later, after Bunet suddenly locked onto Xu Tui’s location, his mind power and holy power surged. Hundreds of earth spikes shot out from the ground at the same time and blasted toward Xu Tui.

“I know long-range supernatural abilities too! ” Bunet laughed wildly.

This time, he felt that Kaedo would definitely be injured. However, no one noticed Xu Tui, who had sighed. He was really an expert in earth-element abilities.

Xu Tui had already sensed the abnormal fluctuations of the earth-element power before Bunet’s earth spike shot out. Then, under everyone’s stunned gazes, Xu Tui seemed to have predicted Bunet’s attack in advance. He dodged Bunet’s earth spikes.

However, Xu Tui’s ice javelin did not stop.

Many spectators frowned. It seemed that Xu Tui had run out of tricks. As long as Bunet grasped the pattern and time of the ice javelins, he would only need one strike to kill Xu Tui. It was just like the earth spike attack just now.

It seemed to the spectators that Kaedo could not predict Bunet’s attacks every time. From this point of view, Kaedo’s defeat was only a matter of time. However, to be able to fight to this extent, it was already shocking enough with the strength of a peak-level quasi-planet.

However, Xiliude, the main referee of the Holy Temple, looked at the ground in a daze. There were piles of ice left behind by the ice javelins on the ground. With the blizzard domain, the ice javelin had some physical characteristics.

This seemed to be…

Xiliude suddenly looked at Xu Tui with admiration.

At the same time, Xu Tui interfered with Bunet’s movements again. The moment Bunet rose into the air, a small ice mountain instantly appeared. Xu Tui used a lot of his holy power aura to enhance this ice mountain.

The moment it appeared, it struck Bunet’s head. He slammed it down!

However, there was no damage. It only made Bunet shake his head before the iceberg shattered. The strength of the peak Five Satellites Planetary realm was obvious, especially his physical body.

However, the violent explosion of the ice mountain made Bunet land on the ground again. Bunet was forced back to the ground by Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s eyes flashed the moment he landed.

Ice Puppet Giant, rise!

In an instant, a few piles of ice instantly stood up and turned into an Ice Puppet Giant. Bunet was caught off guard and was hugged by the Ice Puppet Giant. Holy light spread out around Bunet and he broke free.

Ice Seal!

The moment the Ice Puppet got close to him, Xu Tui used the body of the Ice Puppet to use the ice seal. With the help of physical objects, the power of the ice seal became even stronger.

Bunet could still break it. After all, his strength was there. It just took a little longer than before. But the moment he broke the ice seal, the other Ice Puppet Giant pounced on him and hugged him.

Ice Seal!

An ice lump appeared.

Bang, it shattered! The ice puppet giant pounced forward again and the ice seal was activated again. In the ice seal, Bunet kept roaring and struggling to break free. However, every time, there would always be a remnant of cold air. There was more and more concrete ice nearby.

The storm was stacking more and more fiercely here. The speed at which he broke the ice seal was becoming slower. And so, the ice seal became larger and larger. Five minutes later, a translucent ice lump that was 20 meters long, wide, and tall appeared in the middle of the square.

In the ice, the still-living Bunet was like a trapped beast, constantly attacking the constantly thickening ice seal. He was displayed vividly.

Everyone was stunned!

However, even if he shattered a portion of it, the ice seal inside would immediately be strengthened. What was worse was that the external blizzard force field was constantly augmenting it, including Xu Tui’s ice seal. It was constantly strengthening the ice lump.

At this rate, Xu Tui would be able to freeze him as long as his mind power was not exhausted.

There was really a possibility that Bunet would be killed.

Infinite Ice Seal!

This was simply an infinite Ice Seal Cycle.

Although Xu Tui’s move had made use of the weather and the district’s advantage, it had really shocked everyone. After ten minutes of this boring ice seal, Xiliude, who was bored, announced the end. “Alright, Kaedo, you’ve already won! Stop. It’s boring!”

Everyone was stunned.

However, what followed was thunderous applause!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1