Chapter 1380 - 1380: Eliminating The Hidden Danger

Chapter 1380: Eliminating the Hidden Danger

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Gabe taught Xu Tui the holy power divine technique of the Muya Holy Temple in the shortest time possible. This was the first time Xu Tui had encountered these holy power divine techniques. However, it was actually very simple for an expert like Gabe to solve the problem for Xu Tui.

The holy power divine technique was mainly supportive. The most commonly used technique was Holy Light Healing.

The main point of this Holy Light Healing was not treatment, but sainthood.

Not only did it have to be dazzling and look extremely holy, but it also had to be able to make the recipients feel peace, warmth, and courage just by relying on the formation. Most importantly, it had to strengthen their battle will through the Holy Light Healing.

Treatment was actually easy.

The holy power itself was relatively gentle. Under a specific method, it could quickly treat injuries. This was the most basic and important ability of every member of the Holy Temple.

Just as Gabe had said, Xu Tui’s mind power was powerful. As long as he knew the method and had the holy power, it would be too easy for him to use the Holy Light Healing. He learned it in less than ten minutes.

After practicing more than a dozen times, Xu Tui’s Holy Light Healing had already surpassed the Gabe in terms of both its effect and its external formation.

During the process of using the Holy Light Healing, anyone who suspected that Xu Tui was not the officiant would probably be killed by the Holy Temple’s law enforcers for blasphemy.

Of course, the reason was very simple. Xu Tui’s mind power was very powerful. The mind power of a sixth-level star halos was equivalent to the mind power of a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

A Six Satellites Planetary realm cultivator could barely become the Bishop of a Star Field in the Holy Temple.

Xu Tui compared them. The treatment of the Holy Light Healing and the treatment of the School of Perception Instantiation could be said to have their own merits.

The Holy Light Healing consumed a lot of energy, but the effect was very fast. However, once the injuries were serious to a certain extent, it would depend on whether the officiant was willing to invest a large amount of holy power and mind power to save people.

The treatment of the School of Perception Instantiation required more energy.

The second holy power divine technique was holy power infiltration. This was to quickly recover mind power. It had a certain effect of recovering damage to mind power.

The third holy power divine technique was also an extremely commonly used divine technique. It was called the Holy Light Protection. It was often a group enhancement divine technique that was used by the officiant on a large scale before the battle. It could defend against mental attacks and impacts to a certain extent, increase one’s confidence and courage, and provide a certain level of defense.

Xu Tui had learned and familiarize himself with more than a dozen divine techniques in a few hours. The only troublesome thing was the last key divine technique.

Holy Light Teleportation.

Xu Tui had seen the Holy Light Teleportation before. It was the divine technique that Darak had used when he retreated from Planet Kono.

Usually, they would prepare the coordinates of the Holy Light in advance and establish a connection. At the critical moment, they could use a large amount of holy power to quickly teleport away.

There were many restrictions.

For example, the coordinates of the Holy Light were not as casual as Xu Tui’s Spiritual Magnetic Marker. They had to rely on a statue or a holy object to produce the coordinates of the Holy Light.

However, if he wanted to communicate with the statue and the holy relic, he needed to be the real officiant. Xu Tui, who was impersonating, could not do it.

Every true officiant had prayed to the Lord for a long time. Condensing the holy power mark with the Lord was equivalent to establishing data on the client.

Xu Tui could not impersonate this.

However, comparatively speaking, the frequency of using Holy Light Teleportation was very low. Moreover, even if he used it, only one or two of the strongest officiants or even bishops would use it.

The problem of the Holy Light Divine Technique was resolved. Then, it was the problem of the accompanying people.

According to the holy order passed down by the purple-robed Bishop, Gabe and Kaedo had to bring at least three followers each, which was to say, quasi-planetary experts.

This was a must.

However, there was another unwritten rule in the Muya Holy Temple. They could also bring along Transmutation Realm guards to serve them.

The officiant had a noble status, and Transmutation Realm experts could barely participate in interstellar wars. Some chores could be handed over to them. Usually, it would not be a problem to bring 10 to 20 people.

According to Gabe’s thoughts, he and Xu Tui would each bring ten Transmutation Realm experts to participate in the battle. However, Xu Tui gave up on this idea after thinking about it for a long time. The more people he brought, the higher the possibility of a problem.

That was because Xu Tui was an imposter. The more people he brought, the wider society he would be in. Perhaps a certain guy would expose himself if he met an acquaintance. In order to reduce the danger, Xu Tui finally decided not to bring any more than the three quasi-planetary experts he needed.

“Sir, what about Planet Manyo? What about the Transmutation Realms left behind? Who should be the leader?” Derry raised a very important question.

That was indeed a problem.

According to Xu Tui’s initial thought, before he received the holy order to gather, he wanted Derry, Belas, and Gabe to be in charge of all these matters. These three people had no way out. Moreover, their identities and statuses were enough. He could basically rest assured.

However, the Muyas at the Transmutation Realm could not.

With Xu Tui’s Spiritual Shackles, it was impossible for them to betray Xu Tui. However, there were even stronger people coming over. If a Planetary realm powerhouse from the Ares Star Field came, he would be able to discover their abnormalities and interrogate them.

Due to their status, they could not deal with these things. In other words, bringing them to participate in the battle was a disaster. If he did not bring them to participate in the battle and left them on Planet Manyo, they would also be a hidden danger.

They might expose Xu Tui one day. Xu Tui, who had sneaked into the expeditionary force, might not even know how he died. His expression became cold when he thought of this. They were just a group of outsiders who could be used to refine blood crystals and soul crystals at any time.

“Derry, Gabe, there are no relatives or important people among the Transmutation Realm and Evolution Realm that I controlled previously, right?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“None!” Derry and Gabe shook their heads at the same time.

“It’s good that they don’t have any. I’ll leave it to you. Kill them all to silence them. Refine them.” Xu Tui’s voice was very soft, but it made Derry and Gabe feel an indescribable coldness.

These subordinates had just been subdued by the lord in front of him, but they were all going to be silenced?

“We’re at the frontline. No one is taking care of them here. Once they’re exposed, we won’t even know how we died in the frontline expeditionary army. Therefore, clean it up! Don’t worry, your value to me is different. I will naturally take you seriously. Yes, try your best to show me your value.” Xu Tui saw the abnormalities between the two of them and comforted them slightly.

“Don’t worry, Sir. I’ll definitely clean it up Derry promised.

“Sir, it’s not just these people. Those who surrendered had to be eliminated. Including the people from the Holy Temple of Planet Cobila. If we want to eliminate the hidden dangers, we have to eliminate them cleanly.” Gabe thought more carefully than Xu Tui.

“There’s another problem. The Myriad Thoughts Holy Token might not be enough. I only have twelve and a half now. I want to get more Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens in case something happens. If I don’t have the holy power to hide my identity at the critical moment, I will be exposed on the spot,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui’s words made the two of them look at the governor’s residence at the same time.

The Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was a strategic resource. However, because it could only be produced by slaves, who did not have any freedom, praying for a long time, the place that had the most Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was naturally the governor’s residence of a planet.

“In that case, should I impersonate Red Beard again?” Xu Tui smiled. He pasted his red beard back on and put on the horns that he had meticulously made.

“The governor here was killed and plundered. Then, the impact on Planet Manyo will be minimized. Even if the director of the Ares Star Field made a

discovery, the focus of the investigation would be on Planet Cobila. There are very few traces of you on Planet Cobila,” Derry said.

“Sir, we still have to make a time difference. We can’t involve the Officiant

Kaedo you’re going to disguise. In a few days, I’ll come and meet up with

Officiant Kaedo. Then, we’ll leave Planet Cobila with great fanfare. After the two of us, who had received the order, left the planet, the Red Beard Pirates boldly looted Planet Cobila. They also cruelly killed the governor of Planet Cobila.” Gabe laughed.

“According to the rules, before the two of officiants leave, they have to inform the governor’s residence. Then, they have to send a notice to the residence of the chief of the Ares Star Field. So it would only be a matter of the Red Beard Pirates. Officiant Kaedo has already been summoned to the outpost planet to

participate in the Solar System Expeditionary Force,” Derry added.

Xu Tui laughed out loud when he heard that. “The perfect plan will be carried out just like that.”

Three days later, Xu Tui, Derry, and the others, who had quickly returned to Planet Manyo, reappeared in the Holy Temple of Planet Cobila with six quasi-planetary experts, including Belas.

The Muyas on Planet Manyo who knew and had seen Xu Tui had been cleaned up.

Of course, the reason why it was so fast was that Xu Tui had previously used the quantum array core to secretly establish a quantum teleportation channel between Planet Cobila and Planet Manyo.

Otherwise, the round trip would take more than ten days. There would not even be enough time to gather.

A day later, Gabe piloted the silver fortress and arrived at Planet Cobila with great fanfare. After staying on Planet Cobila for half a day, he piloted the silver fortress at the same time as Officiant Kaedo left Planet Cobila.

Before he left, he specially informed the governor’s mansion of Planet Cobila and the Ares Star Field.

However, no one noticed that the only person who was left in the silver fortress was Derry.

A day later, on the 29th of June, Xu Tui, who had once again transformed into a red-bearded man, brought along a few people who had disguised themselves and launched a surprise attack on the governor’s residence on Planet Cobila.

There were only two Planetary realm experts. The strongest was only at the Three Satellites Planetary realm.

There was no doubt about this for the current Xu Tui.

Furthermore, it was a sudden attack.

Xu Tui obtained 13 Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens and two bottles of holy blood from the governor’s residence on Planet Cobila. Then, he swaggered away in the image of a red-bearded man.

However, after leaving the planet, Xu Tui became the white-robed Officiant

Kaedo.

Yes, there was a slight bulge on his butt..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1