Chapter 1382: Purple-Robed Bishop

Chapter 1382: Purple-robed Bishop

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Planet Meria was a planet with low temperatures. Looking from space, most of the districts on the planet were covered in white snow. Only a small number of districts could see the exposed ground.

As the silver fortress slowly approached the ground, Xu Tui could vaguely see that there were most of the pointed Holy Temples within his field of vision.

According to the saying, the more difficult the natural conditions were, the more pious one’s belief in the Lord would be, and the more determined they would be.

Unlike people like them who had walked out of the most prosperous and holy places, their so-called beliefs were actually a little…

Therefore, the focus of the Divine Court’s development over the years was on these planets with harsh natural conditions. A large number of immigrants wanted to obtain the most important renewable resource, holy power.

The last time they gathered was on the 23rd of July. Xu Tui and the others arrived a few days earlier.

However, there were still people receiving them on Planet Meria.

The person who received them was another Bishop, Xiliude. He was a Seven Satellites Planetary realm Bishop. He could be considered a high-level member of the Divine Court. However, he was still inferior to the purple-robed Bishop, Klens.

The purple-robed Bishop, Klens, was one of the people who held the highest authority in the Holy Temple.

The so-called reception was actually very simple. It was just to sign in, then allocate a residence and wait for the others to gather. He had to wait for the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, to come over.

Xu Tui and the others arrived relatively early. When they arrived, there were only five square silver fortresses in the square. Only four to five teams might arrive. They needed to wait for five to six days.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry. He could familiarize himself with the situation. Of course, he could not skip his daily cultivation. He would occasionally show his face in front of others and rarely visited them.

No matter what, Xu Tui was an imposter. It was better not to visit. Otherwise, he would have been stabbed in the butt for nothing.

In order to impersonate Kaedo’s short bone tail and pretend to be more realistic, he used the medical robot he brought to operate on him. He removed the short bone tail from Kaedo’s body and sewed it onto his butt.

It was as if a fake limb had been implanted. Unless someone fiddled with it and pulled it down with all their might, they would not be able to discover Xu Tui’s fake tail even if they scanned it with their mind power.

In fact, it was not much different from reality.

Xu Tui had originally planned to live in seclusion. However, the environment of Planet Meria attracted his interest.

According to the planetary information of Meria, the lowest temperature in the extremely cold land of the northernmost part of Planet Meria could reach minus 145 degrees. It was more than double the lowest temperature in the South and North Poles of the Blue Star.

From this point of view, that place could be considered a place to cultivate ice-type supernatural abilities.

Xu Tui had not studied much about water-type supernatural abilities. He could be considered a dabbler. It was far inferior to earth-type supernatural abilities.

Xu Tui had really sensed and understood the abilities of the earth elements. However, there were relatively fewer water-type ones. He was still not familiar with the technique. It felt as if his foundation was not strong enough.

Coincidentally, there were verv suitable conditions on Planet Meria. Xu Tui still

had time. He planned to take advantage of these few days to head to the extreme north of Meria to comprehend something.

On the second day of their arrival, Xu Tui brought Derry and flew toward the extreme north of Planet Meria in the silver square fortress.

Just as the silver fortress flew out, the Bishop in charge suddenly looked up. Boundless mind power instantly reached out. At the same time, he frowned in confusion and said, “Someone has left? What’s going on?”

“Your Eminence, it’s Kaedo, the officiant of Planet Cobila. He has already informed us an hour ago that he has nothing to do and is preparing to head to the Extreme North to cultivate his supernatural abilities,” the deacon serving Bishop Xiliude said.

“Kaedo? Cultivate? There were not many of them who went to extreme environments to cultivate supernatural abilities. Kaedo was quite hardworking. Give me his detailed information.” A minute later, Bishop Xiliude frowned slightly as he looked at Kaedo’s detailed information.

The detailed information on Kaedo was not good. According to the situation in the past few years, the progress of his cultivation was not much. Although the attitude he displayed today was not bad, he could not rule out the possibility that it was displayed in front of him.

After a few glances, Bishop Xiliude threw Kaedo’s information to the side. However, he had a basic impression.

After Xu Tui arrived at the extreme north of Meria, Derry only took a step forward before retracting into the silver square fortress. The temperature showed that the current temperature was minus 92 degrees.

“Wait for me here.”

Xu Tui stepped out of the silver fortress. He used his holy power outside and layered the Vajra Set on the inside to protect himself. He stepped on a piece of ice and slowly flew toward the top of the mountain.

However, Xu Tui frowned less than a minute later.

The consumption of both holy power and energy field was too great. Without the protection of the Blue Star’s high-tech combat uniform, the consumption brought about by the low temperature was too great.

“Perhaps…” A few seconds later, Xu Tui’s body was covered in a layer of ice barrier. This was one of the abilities he had comprehended from the power of ice. As expected, the consumption was greatly reduced.

As Xu Tui flew higher and higher, the blizzard here became larger and larger. The ice shield on his body continued to thicken, but it did not consume much energy.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui arrived at the top of the mountain.

The temperature was minus 126 degrees Celsius. It was not the lowest temperature, but it was the center of the snowstorm here. Furthermore, it was the peak of a mountain. It was most suitable for sensing and observing.

Xu Tui slowly spread out his mental perception. With his microscopic perception as the foundation, he slowly seeped into the world of the blizzard from a perspective that was different from the naked eye.

Not long after, the ice barrier that was protecting him was covered in layers of thick snow. It began to grow stronger on the mountain peak, layer after layer.

Xu Tui disappeared from Derry’s perspective. Not only did he disappear, but even his life force had disappeared.

“He’s really… crazy…” Of course, Derry was not stupid enough to think that something had happened to Xu Tui. He only felt that Xu Tui was really crazy. He actually came to such a life-threatening place to cultivate in order to disguise himself as Kaedo. Could this be the reason why this lord was powerful?

Time passed day by day.

On the first day, Derry could still sit still in the square silver fortress. On the second day, Derry was a little worried. He contacted Xu Tui with his personal holy token, but there was no reply.

It was worth mentioning that the personal holy token of the Muyas had a very powerful function. It had a communication function similar to the Blue Star communication device.

However, the prerequisite was that the district where the communication was located had the Holy Temple, or the mark of the Holy Temple. Some of the staff of the Holy Temple could even communicate across planets through the Holy Temple. Its functions were very powerful.

There was no response. Derry could only wait. On the third day, Xu Tui still did not respond. Derry was already anxious.

On the fourth day, Derry was really anxious. He was not anxious about Xu Tui’s safety. Instead, he was anxious for their own safety. If Xu Tui died, he would be free. However, the problem was that the rules of the Divine Court were harsh.

Derry had come to participate in the battle as the escort of the officiant, Kaedo. The battle had not begun yet, but Kaedo had died first. The Divine Court would definitely punish him.

Ordinary quasi-planets were directly executed.

However, even if he had the status of a noble, he could barely escape death.

On the fifth day, Xu Tui had deliberately instructed Derry to not worry about him, he would come out when the time came. But Derry still became anxious.

He even contacted Gabe.

Gabe did not have a good way at this moment. He could only let Derry wait. He told Derry to believe in Xu Tui’s strength. After all, this person was an existence who could instantly kill a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. He could not be judged with common sense.

In the past five days, streams of light kept flashing above Planet Meria and slowly landed. There were already more than 20 empty fortresses that were almost full.

On the sixth day after Xu Tui fused with the ice mountain, which was also the 23rd of July, a milky-white light that was like a star suddenly bloomed at the top of the Holy Temple Tower on Planet Meria.

The moment the light bloomed, Bishop Xiliude immediately brought the nearby clergy to welcome him. A minute after the light bloomed, a purple-robed bishop wearing a white and purple crown leisurely took a step out of the white light. It was holy and dignified.

The purple-robed Bishop, Klens, had arrived.

Bishop Xiliude brought a group of people who had rushed over and quickly bowed to greet the purple-robed Bishop, Klens. The purple-robed Bishop, Klens, had the highest status in the Divine Court. Below the archbishop, there were only a few people like the purple-robed Bishop, Klens. He could be said to be extremely powerful.

However, at the same time, Klens’ terrifying strength supported him.

Nine Satellites Planetary realm!

This was a height that countless Planetary realm powerhouses could not reach in their lives.

With a holy and dignified attitude, he accepted the worship of the crowd. The purple-robed Bishop, Klens, said softly, “The journey is long. I’ll take a bath and change my clothes a little. After praying to the supreme Lord, I’ll hold the first military gathering meeting of the expeditionary army. At the same time, it will be easier for everyone to give the token.”

With that, the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, disappeared.

In the next moment, Gabe became anxious. The purple-robed Bishop, Klens, was about to summon everyone. If their Lord Xu Tui did not appear soon, they would be in trouble. He began to contact Derry crazily.

Derry had also gone crazy. He searched for him but could not find him. There was no reply either. If he was late for the military meeting later and could not deliver the order, he would definitely be in deep trouble.

“Sir! Sir Kaedo!” After failing to find a connection, Derry could only roar crazily. As the roar echoed, a thunderous voice sounded in the distant valley.

An avalanche!

An avalanche that seemed to collapse the sky and sink the earth.

Derry was stunned. What exactly did he do? Oh my god! Derry covered his face and wailed.

“Derry, did your shout cause this avalanche?”

Derry turned around and saw a snow-eagle-like figure appear behind him. He was a little frightened. Even though Xu Tui had appeared in front of him, he did not seem to be breathing. Or had it already become one with this world of ice and snow?

A minute later, Xu Tui gently shook off the ice and snow on his body. He stepped into the silver fortress with a hint of coldness and said softly, “Let’s go back.”

There was a hint of nostalgia in his eyes. The gains from these seven days of sensory comprehension were greater than he had imagined..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1