Chapter 1391 - 1391: Good Luck

Chapter 1391 - 1391: Good Luck

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The sun hanging in the sky instantly became extremely glaring.

Xu Tui instinctively closed his eyes, but he felt an indescribable heat in his eyes. It even stimulated his mind power domain to activate protection.

Xu Tui was shocked. At the same time, in the distance, the Holy Temple, which Xu Tui looked more familiar with, also flashed into a ball of white light. The moment the discomfort in his eyes eased, he turned around and saw the white light that had exploded in the direction of the Holy Temple slowly converging.

A massive amount of milky white holy light bloomed, melted, and bloomed again.

At that moment, Xu Tui was indescribably shocked.

Everything Little Six said was true!

Previously, Xu Tui had only chosen to believe a portion of what Little Six had said. However, it was hard to say if some things existed after so many years. Such as the so-called Sun Guardian!

Who had seen it before? No one had seen it before!

However, Xu Tui had seen it with his own eyes. In the direction of the Holy Temple, the holy power of the Muyas surged out of the Gate of Holy Power and was frantically resisting the incandescent light that erupted from the Sun Guardian.

Three seconds later, the incandescent light erupting from the sun gradually faded.

The Gate of Holy Power also stabilized.

In the next moment, two Planetary realm powerhouses whose bodies were like charcoal staggered out of the holy power door. The moment they rushed out, they roared and screamed on the spot.

The Planetary realm experts of the Muyaspresent, especially the officiants, quickly went forward to treat them. However, the moment the healing holy light landed, a white light suddenly bloomed in the body of one of the Planetary realm Muya. He turned into ashes!

Everyone was shocked. They subconsciously turned around and looked at the sun in the sky. Was the Sun Guardian of the solar system that terrifying?

Fortunately, the other planetary was not too seriously injured and survived. However, the Planetary realm cultivator who survived screamed in fear after the pain eased slightly. “It’s over! The moment the more than a hundred people entered the tunnel, white light surged in and they all turned into ashes! All of them!”

The Command Officer of the 4th Combat Brigade, Neff, who had just passed through not long ago, was shocked when he heard this. He quickly went forward and lifted the collar of the Planetary realm expert. He asked, “What about Lord Leeson? How is Lord Leeson? Did he come in?”

Leeson was the commander of the 3rd Combat Brigade. He was a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse!

“He came in. Lord Leeson and the Lord Officiant are all in. They’re all in the tunnel, but they’ve all turned to ashes! White light was too terrifying! I’m just at the back…

Neff was stunned. The Planetary realm Muya fell silently and let out another scream. All the Muyas looked at the sun hanging in the sky and felt an indescribable fear.

Enemy! Was this their enemy? It hung high in the sky and would hit them from time to time?

The difficulty of the solar system expedition was even greater than they had imagined.

There were a total of 11 Planetary realm powerhouses, two Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, three Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, three Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, and two Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. Other than the surviving one, all of them turned to ashes in an instant.

What kind of power was this?

Perhaps in the hearts of the Muyas, only the power of their god could be so powerful.

Xu Tui’s shock and joy were indescribable. The Sun Guardian not only existed, but it was also so powerful. It had killed 10 Planetary realm experts, including the powerful Six Satellites Planetary realm expert.

If this happened three to four times, more than half of the Muya’s solar system expeditionary army would be wiped out. Even though Xu Tui was very surprised, he had to suppress his surprise and pretend to be shocked and sad.

In an instant, the morale of the Muya people’s Solar System Expeditionary Force, who had already arrived, suffered a violent blow.

At the same time, on Planet Meria.

The moment the Solar System Sun Guardian erupted, the Purple-robed Bishop of Planet Meria, Klens, also surged with holy light in an instant. He almost turned into a human-shaped holy light weapon.

He directly inserted his scepter into the holy power door. The holy power surged into the holy power door and stabilized it. At the same time, the Book of Enlightenment suddenly shot down tens of thousands of lines.

Every line was connected to the Muya slaves who were praying piously below. In an instant, nearly 100,000 of the remaining 140,000 pious Muyas below turned to ashes. All of the life essence of the blood -colored soul power surged into the holy power door with the holy power.

After a large amount of power was injected, the holy power door stabilized again. A minute later, the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, slowly took out his scepter from the Gate of Holy Power. His forehead was already covered in sweat.

Xiliude and Dylin, who were waiting at the side, had solemn expressions.

“They triggered the Sun Guardian. It’s really…” Klens sighed and instructed,

“Go, release the other 50,000 slaves.”

Five minutes later, another 50,000 Muya slaves who met the requirements were lined up neatly in front of the Holy Temple square and began to pray. However, Klens did not activate the teleportation again immediately. Instead, he called Bishop Xiliude and Commander-in-chief Dylin to his side.

“The Sun Guardian over there has already been activated. I’m afraid that it will be activated again, so I have to send more power over as soon as possible. We could not pass like before. Do it quickly! With the Sun Guardian, I would definitely not be able to pass at this stage. However, the two of you have to be fast. In a while, let a few Four and Five Satellites pass quickly. If there are no

Droblems. the two of vou will Dass auicklv one after another.” Klens instructed.

“As you command, Sir.”

A minute later, after six to seven Planetary realms and dozens of quasi-planetary experts passed through, the Gate of Holy Power was still stable. When it did not trigger the Sun Guardian of the solar system again, the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, suddenly looked at Dylin and Xiliude, who were waiting at the side.

Two Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts.

Only when these two Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts crossed could they have an absolute advantage and quickly capture the solar system, the Blue Star, and those important small universes.

Only then could he reopen the door of holy power in a short period of time.

In the next moment, Dylin quickly stepped into the holy power door with more than a dozen guards.

Almost at the same time, the Book of Enlightenment in front of the purple-robed bishop shone with light. 30,000 slaves who were praying piously turned to ashes. Countless powers fused into the Gate of Holy Power.

The Gate of Holy Power did not fluctuate. It did not trigger the Sun Guardian from the solar system.

Very good!

Klens heaved a sigh of relief.

In the next moment, Bishop Xiliude brought more than a dozen Planetary realm experts and quickly stepped into the door of holy power. The moment he stepped in, the Book of Enlightenment floating in front of Klens flashed with light and turned the remaining 60,000 slaves who were praying piously into ashes.

A vast amount of blood energy, soul power, and life power fused into the holy power and surged towards the holy power door.

TheGate of Holy Power became extremely stable at this moment. It was even sturdier than before. Klens wanted to do his best to ensure the safety of Bishop Xiliude and send him over.

On the other side, Xu Tui was also secretly anxious. As the holy power light in the holy power door surged, the speed of teleportation increased significantly.

Xu Tui’s heart trembled the moment Dylin crossed over with more than a dozen Planetary realm experts.

Seven Satellites Planetary realm!

The Gate of Holy Power of the Muyas could teleport Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses over. But why was there no movement from the Sun Guardian now? Would the purple-robed Bishop of the Nine Satellites Planetary realm be teleported over?

If Klens came too, then..

Xu Tui shuddered at the consequences.

Suddenly, an inexplicable throbbing appeared out of thin air again. The moment it appeared, the sun in the sky had become extremely glaring. The entire world turned into a white light, and screams rang out.

Xu Tui instinctively closed his eyes. Even his mind power was forced back into his body at this moment. He felt a violent and scorching torrent rush past him. A terrifying energy fluctuation erupted in the direction of the holy power door in front of him.

Planet Meria.

The scepter in Klens’ hand erupted with a dazzling light again. It tapped into the holy power door at lightning speed.

However, the holy power door only trembled for a moment. The energy flow that blasted out from inside instantly turned Klens’ scepter into ashes.

Klens vomited blood on the spot when the scepter was destroyed. However, the blazing white light that blasted out of the holy power door seemed to have found its target. It bombarded Klens.

In a moment of crisis, Klens, who had vomited blood, urgently used the Book of Enlightenment to block his chest. The Book of Enlightenment shone brightly and blocked all the hot white light.

Klens took out at least 200 holy tokens in one go and threw half of them into the holy power door. The moment he threw them in, the holy power was guided to erupt.

“Xiliude, good luck. This is the last thing I can do for you…” Sighing to himself, Klens had already drawn out the holy power of the other 100 holy tokens and injected them all into the Book of Enlightenment.

The holy light that had instantly dimmed in the Book of Enlightenment became hot again. The battle between the holy light and the blazing white light lasted for 30 seconds.

In the end, because of the replenishment of the holy power of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token, the Book of Enlightenment blocked the scorching white light that shot out of the holy power door.

However, the moment the battle ended, the holy power door hanging in the air also shattered with a crack.

It had disappeared!

The purple-robed bishop, Klens, sighed helplessly. “Xiliude, how’s your luck?”

In the next moment, the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, was stunned. For the first time, he looked like he was going crazy. There was a little charred on the cover of the Book of Enlightenment. It was blasted out by the scorching light of the Sun Guardian. “Was the Sun Guardian that strong?”

While Klens was shocked, a white-robed figure appeared in a faintly discernible vortex of stars deep in the Milky Way. He looked into the depths of the universe. “It’s done again. How much power can it have?”

At the same time, a faint response sounded in the Muyas’ holy land.. “There shouldn’t be much left, right?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1