Chapter 1392 - 1392: The Key Small Universe Appears

Chapter 1392: The Key Small Universe Appears

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Solar system, Ceres Star.

After the last battle, the power of Ceres obtained a temporary balance.

The Spiritual Race still occupied and completely controlled the Fire Origin Palace. Cai Shaochu and the others from the Huaxia Sector completely controlled the Wood Origin Palace.

The Lord of Myths, Ullr, and the forces of the European Sector, the American Sector, and the India Sector controlled the Earth Origin Palace, but the Muyas occupied the Water Origin Palace.

The Great Xi Clan had been completely chased out.

Under such circumstances, a balance of power was formed.

Even if the Spiritual Race and the Muyas joined forces to attack the Earth Origin Palace or the Wood Origin Palace, even if they could take them down, the losses were not something they could accept.

Therefore, the Muyas and the Spiritual Race were all tacitly waiting for reinforcements.

Defend the place they occupied and wait for reinforcements. Otherwise, they would all be rootless now. Every time their strength was consumed, it would be less. The solar system was the base camp of the Blue Star Humans.

Under such circumstances, the families tacitly stopped fighting. From the battle in April to the end of July, everyone was very quiet.

The Blue Star Humans also welcomed this period of peace.

The experts who had been injured in the battle before needed time to recover. However, most importantly, ever since countless energies strangely dissipated from Planet Kono half a year ago, the cultivation environment of the entire solar system seemed to have improved.

The cultivation speed of all the planets increased to a certain extent.

Most importantly, the probability of breaking through has become very high. The experts who had been trapped to death at the peak of the Transmutation Realm or the peak of the quasi-planetary realm all broke through.

In an instant, the number of Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star increased greatly.

The increase in the number of Planetary realm powerhouses in the various sectors ranged from three to a dozen. However, without exception, they were all One Satellite Planetary realm powerhouses.

Although One Satellite Planetary realm powerhouse was a Planetary realm powerhouse, it was really not enough when facing Three or Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses.

They might even be instantly killed by the Four or Five Satellites Planetary realm experts, or even some powerful Three Satellites Planetary realm experts.

However, after these powerhouses who had just broken through to the Planetary realm, their strength entered a period of rapid improvement.

Many people were trapped for more than ten years or even decades.

Once he broke through to the Planetary realm, his cultivation level would advance by leaps and bounds.

Some people successfully condensed their stars for the second time in a month and became Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. Some people broke through to the Three Satellites Planetary realm in four months.

It could be said that under such circumstances, the more peaceful time there was, the more beneficial it was to the Blue Star.

Every day, every moment, the strength of the Blue Star was rapidly increasing.

The higher-ups of the Blue Star also cherished this rare period of peace and did not take the initiative to provoke them. What was even more surprising was that a few days ago, the strongest person in the American Sector, Haren, had successfully broken through to the Six Satellites Planetary realm.

Becoming the second Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse on the Blue Star increased the Blue Star’s confidence and strength.

However, the peace of the past few months had been disrupted by the sudden changes in the solar system.

On the afternoon of July 25th, which was now. Ten minutes ago, an indescribably boundless energy fluctuation suddenly came from the sky.

Those with low cultivation levels were terrified. However, Planetary realm powerhouses with powerful mind power like Cai Shaochu, Haren, and Itavi could already clearly sense that the place where the violent fluctuations appeared was the sun.

It was the sun!

The sun, which had been stable for countless years, actually shrank and exploded like an elastic ball. White light erupted.

Solar storm!

There was an unprecedented scale of solar storm without any warning. This was everyone’s first reaction. The various sectors of the Blue Star immediately gave the order to physically close all electronic technology equipment.

According to their previous experience, once the solar storm erupted, the technological equipment that was not turned off in time would be destroyed in an instant. The loss would be too great.

The orders of the various sectors seemed to have gone crazy.

However, in the eyes of Cai Shaochu, Haren, and the other Planetary realm powerhouses, the solar storm this time was different.

In the past, when solar storms erupted, they were in the form of three-dimensional water ripples.

The energy storm that erupted would spread in all directions. The entire solar system would be severely affected.

But this time, it was different! There was only one direction. The explosive solar storm actually blasted in one direction

All the electronic long-range testing equipment on the Blue Star reported all kinds of strange things crazily.

Cai Shaochu, Haren, Itavi, Augusto, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, and the others also had strange expressions. This had never happened before. From afar, the white light torrent erupting on the sun was more inclined to a deliberate attack.

Was the sun a living creature? That was impossible! That was absolutely impossible!

At the same time, the Spiritual Race’s Chi Jing and the others also flew above the Fire Origin Palace and watched the scene of the solar storm erupt.

However, the information that Chi Jing had was different from Cai Shaochu and the others. Chi Jing knew some higher-level information.

“The Sun Guardian has been activated. Are the reinforcements of the Muyas or the reinforcements of the Great Xi Clan here?” Chi Jing calculated silently.

Only a high-level Planetary realm powerhouse could activate the Sun Guardian. Six Satellites, Seven Satellites, or Eight Satellites? Nine Satellites should not dare to come over. What if he was killed?

At the same time, Chi Jing also looked at the Blue Star humans from afar. He admired the shock on the faces of Cai Shaochu and the others, but he also let out a long sigh. How could an ignorant and weak species have such a treasure?

It was simply..

Suddenly, Chi Jing’s gaze landed on the top of the Water Origin Palace. Under the huge commotion of the solar storm, the Muyas in the Water Origin Palace did not move. None of them came out to watch.

Suddenly, Chi Jing understood.

The Muya Clan. This wave should be the reinforcements of the Muyas. The directional solar storm only lasted for a few seconds before dissipating.

However, it overturned the Blue Star’s countless years of scientific system. Those scientists were frantically using various instruments to obtain various data for reasoning and research.

What was even stranger was that all the technological equipment on the Blue Star was not destroyed under the solar storm this time.

The scientific world of the Blue Star was in chaos and collapsed at this moment.

They were studying why the solar storm presented such a strange directional eruption.

However, Cai Shaochu, Haren, and the others on Ceres Star were thinking hard about what had happened in the solar system.

Although they did not understand what was going on with the current sun, something must have happened that they did not know about.

The sun in the sky gradually returned to normal.

However, Cai Shaochu had the illusion that the sun was not as glaring as before.

Was that all?

After waiting for ten minutes, when no one saw any results, the sun suddenly flashed again. A blazing white light erupted. This time, everyone, including Cai Shaochu, Haren, and Erera, could not withstand this glaring white light and instinctively closed their eyes.

However, Cai Shaochu and Haren overcame their instincts as quickly as they could. They used all kinds of power to protect their eyes and looked at the sky. In the sky, the torrent of blazing white light that was more than twice as majestic as before rushed out of the sun again and blasted in a certain direction of the solar system.

This time, it lasted for ten seconds.

Everyone was stunned. Even Chi Jing, who was watching the show, had a change in expression.

“What kind of big move did the Muyas play? It actually caused the Sun

Guardian to erupt twice in a row? How strong was the Planetary realm? Seven Satellites or Eight Satellites?” Chi Jing was secretly shocked. While he was shocked, he immediately gave Feng Gu an order. ”

“Just say that a large number of Planetary realm experts had come from the Muyas! There might be Seven or even Eight Satellites Planetary realm experts, and there was more than one. We’re not afraid of the Blue Star, but we’re afraid that the Muyas will eat us along the way,” Chi Jing said.

“Understood, Elder. I’ll go now.” Feng Gu left.

Chi Jing looked at the sun in the sky again and fell into a daze. “As expected, Muya’s head is still made of steel! However, how many times does the power of the Sun Guardian have to be consumed before it’s exhausted?”

In the distance, Cai Shaochu, Haren, Itavi, and the others were completely stunned. Two directional solar storms erupted in a row. Something major had happened.

Two words suddenly appeared in Cai Shaochu’s mind—Sun Guardian!

Xu Tui had mentioned it to him before. Both he and Xu Tui had only heard it and did not take it seriously. Could this really be the Sun Guardian? If it was really the Sun Guardian, did that mean?

Just as Cai Shaochu felt a chill run down his spine, Li Qingping, who was beside

Cai Shaochu, suddenly exclaimed. “Look, what’s that?”

The moment Cai Shaoxun and the other Planetary realm experts looked over, they saw a huge vortex suddenly appear in the sky above Ceres Star. It was a vortex that looked very weak and was filled with star shadows.

The moment this vortex appeared, the pupils of the Lord of Myths, Ullr, instantly constricted. His eyes shone brightly.

At the same time, Chi Jing was also stunned when he saw the vortex shadow. Then, he said in surprise, “Did the continuous eruption of the Sun Guardian power cause a small universe connected to Ceres Star to appear in advance?” After saying that, Chi Jing suddenly shook his head. “No, this is definitely not an ordinary small universe. It should be one of the key small universes. Which one would it be?”

“Feng Gu, tell Elder Shui Zhi that because the Sun Guardian has erupted continuously, a key small universe might have appeared on Ceres Star! Currently, the tunnel is still in an illusory state. It will take at least half a month, or at least three to five months for this tunnel of this small universe to materialize,” Chi Jing added.

Cai Shaochu and the others were also stunned. A small universe! A small universe had appeared on Ceres. Xu Tui had said before that the small universe that was connected to Ceres was very important. Which one would it be?

At the same time, Fang You suddenly appeared and gave Cai Shaochu an urgent report. “Principal, An Xiaoxue from Planet Liuxia has an urgent report.”

Cai Shaochu took it and was stunned after taking a look..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1