Chapter 1393 - 1393: Xilude’S Life And Death

Chapter 1393: Xilude’s Life and Death

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

To be honest, Xu Tui’s mentality collapsed a little when the commander-in-chief of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force, Dylin, passed through the holy power gate with more than a dozen Planetary realm experts.

When the Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse passed through just now, they activated the Sun Guardian. Now that the Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses had passed through, they did not activate the Sun Guardian?

Was it because the Sun Guardian could only be activated once in a certain period of time? Was there a special trigger condition?

Little Six did not know either. He only knew that there was the Sun Guardian. He did not know the specific conditions and triggering factors.

With the full power of Klens, the speed of the teleportation of the Gate of Holy Power became very fast.

In an extremely short period of time, Dylin’s second combat brigade had all passed. The quasi-planetary experts and more than 200 Transmutation Realm experts surged out and landed safely.

Next was the first combat brigade led by Bishop Xiliude. This was the strongest combat brigade in the Muya solar system expeditionary force.

Whether it was Xiliude or the Planetary realms under him, other than Xiliude, who was in the Seven Satellites Planetary realm, there were two in the Five Satellites Planetary realm, four in the Four Satellites, six in the Three Satellites, and one in the Two Satellites.

In this team, the weakest Planetary realm was also Two Satellites. Without a doubt, the team led by Xiliude could defeat the strongest Huaxia Sector on the Blue Star. It could even be said that they could crush all the other sectors except the Huaxia Sector.

Their strength was too powerful.

If the first and second combat brigades joined forces, they would be able to sweep through the forces of the Blue Star. There was no need to participate in the other combat brigades.

At that moment, Xu Tui was really worried.

However, when Xu Tui realized that the Sun Guardian had been activated again, the joy in his heart was indescribable. Moreover, Xu Tui could sense that the activation of the Sun Guardian was stronger than before. Furthermore, it was much stronger than the first time.

The glaring and powerful blazing white light lasted for less than ten seconds before it ended. However, when it ended, the holy power door of this planet also shattered on the spot.

Not only did the holy power door shatter, but even the statue that was connected to the holy power door below exploded into ashes with a bang.

Everyone was silent.

The face of the commander-in-chief, Dylin, turned pale. He could not help but shake his head. “No… Lord Xiliude, Lord Xiliude…

As Dylin muttered in fear, a figure suddenly fell out of the shattered holy power door.

It was Bishop Xiliude!

Bishop Xiliude was still alive. However, at this moment, Bishop Xiliude no longer had the holy and dignified look from before. His clothes were all destroyed, and only the handle of the scepter was left. He fell out of the holy power door naked.

In an instant, everyone was extremely shocked to see that countless blazing white lights seemed to be bursting out of Bishop Xiliude’s body. As they burst out, they wanted to shatter Bishop Xiliude’s body.

Bishop Xiliude’s body cracked like a piece of porcelain. Countless cracks that were two to three millimeters wide appeared on his naked body, and white light bloomed inside. The terrifying white light of the Sun Guardian actually blasted into his body and exploded in Bishop Xiliude’s body.

However, Bishop Xiliude was also impressive. Boundless holy power kept spewing out, quickly repairing the cracked body and healing it. His body kept cracking and being healed by his own holy power.

However, the blazing white light of the Sun Guardian that blasted into his body was an indescribable power. It was definitely not something that Xiliude’s own strength could suppress.

As the Bishop of the Holy Temple, Xiliude was indescribably rich. A large pile of

Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens flew out. Holy power surged out and repaired Xiliude’s body. Basically, every time a blazing white light burst out of his body, Xiliude would have to consume two holy tokens to repair his body.

In less than a minute, the blazing white light exploded more than 50 times, but it was also healed by Xiliude.

The 100-odd holy tokens that Xiliude had brought had been used up in this minute. However, it was not without effect

Previously, the cracks on his body were two to three millimeters. Now, they were not even a millimeter. From the looks of it, as long as he held on a little longer, Bishop Xiliude should be able to keep his life.

However, the problem was that Xiliude no longer had the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. Even though he was rich as a bishop, more than 100 holy tokens was the limit he had brought this time.

“Use the holy power to… support me!” Xiliude roared with extreme difficulty.

In an instant, all the officiants and the Muyas who passed held their personal holy tokens and activated the holy power inside.

Hundreds of white lights of holy power rushed towards Bishop Xiliude at the same time. The power in the personal holy tokens of hundreds of people landed on Bishop Xiliude. It allowed Bishop Xiliude to hold on for another minute.

In this minute, the frequency and intensity of the blazing white light in Bishop Xiliude’s body weakened again. Everyone even saw that Bishop Xiliude had used the holy power in their personal holy tokens to suppress the blazing white light that was sealed in his heart.

It could not be melted. It required a massive amount of power to melt this power.

Currently, Xiliude could only seal it first and strive to survive. In just a minute, the power in hundreds of personal holy tokens was exhausted again. However, the seal was not completely completed.

The blazing sunlight that was not completely sealed erupted in Xiliude’s body again. In an instant, Xiliude’s body cracked again. For the first time, Bishop Xiliude’s expression became terrified.

There was no more holy power!

The holy power in his body was almost exhausted, and the power in the other people’s personal holy tokens was also exhausted. There was no longer any power to suppress the blazing sun.

Without the power to suppress and seal it, it meant that he, Xiliude, was going to die here.

That was definitely not possible! He, Bishop Xiliude, could not die here!

However, where was the holy power? In an instant, Bishop Xiliude thought of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. The Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was a very, very precious resource among the Muyas. Ordinary people did not have it.

However, some of the officiants and the higher-ranking Muya nobles had the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

For example, Dylin. He must have one!

“Myriad Thoughts Holy Token, give me all of your Myriad Thoughts Holy Token!” Xiliude roared crazily, no longer as calm as before.

Give him all? This word made the hearts of the officiants and the mid- to high-level Planetary realm powerhouses with the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token skip a beat. They had the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

They had brought at least one or two, or at most a dozen.

However, why did they bring the Myriad Thoughts holy token?

It was to save their lives!

At the critical moment of the solar system expedition, the power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was more reliable than anyone else.

Give it all to you? At that time, what would he use to save his life? Yes, your status is higher than ours, your strength is stronger than ours, and your power is greater than ours.

However, everyone only had one life. Everyone was equal on this point. Therefore, everyone was a little unhappy when they heard that they had to give it all. Moreover, some people’s hearts skipped a beat.

It would be fine if Bishop Xiliude survived after he gave them all. What if Bishop Xiliude still could not keep his life and died? Wouldn’t that be making ducks and drakes of nothing? They did not owe him a favor.

For a moment, no one moved.

Xu Tui did not move either.

At this moment, Xu Tui could not wait for Xiliude to die.

Bishop Xiliude was a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. If he died just like that, it would simply reduce the immense pressure on the Blue Star. However, Bishop Xiliude, who was on the verge of death, still did not realize what the problem was.

In the face of death, he had already lost his composure.

In the next moment, Xiliude, who had relied on his remaining strength to suppress the blazing sunlight again, roared at Dylin.

“Dylin, what are you dawdling for? You must have one. Give it to me quickly!” At this moment, Xiliude’s tone was filled with dissatisfaction and anger towards Commander-in-chief Dylin.

Dylin was stunned. He was also unwilling. However, the situation is different now. Not only did Bishop Xiliude name him, but he also became angry and dissatisfied with him. In other words, at this moment, Bishop Xiliude had already treated him as an enemy.

In the Holy Temple, Bishop Xiliude usually looked gentle, but he was actually a very petty person.

Dylin’s mind raced. Bishop Xiliude already hated him. Under such circumstances, what kind of Bishop Xiliude was the most suitable? It was naturally the dead Bishop Xiliude.

“Lord Xiliude, the holy power bag that I sealed when I passed was damaged. I can’t retrieve it for the time being.” Dylin found a barely acceptable reason. However, Xu Tui roughly understood Dylin’s mentality through his spiritual resonance.

Xiliude’s anger was indescribable. However, this was not the time for him to flare up. He then looked at the commander of the fourth combat brigade, Neff, a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

He definitely had one.

At the same time, Commander-in-chief Dylin looked at Neff. His gaze was slightly sinister, and his warning was obvious.

Stop it!

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui knew very well that Commander-in-chief Dylin was stopping the others from using the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to save Bishop Xiliude.

Neff was in a daze. He did not move. He was in a difficult position! One was a dying bishop, and the other was the intact commander-in-chief, Dylin. He knew very well who to choose.

Bishop Xiliude roared angrily, but his angry roar was interrupted by the eruption of the sun.

A thought suddenly flashed through Xu Tui’s mind. If the Blue Star was united, would the situation be as bad as it was now? Similarly, what if there were conflicts within the higher-ups of the Muyas?

This was especially so since Xu Tui was certain that Bishop Xiliude was only sealing the blazing sunlight in his body. In the next moment, Xu Tui quickly pounced forward and handed three Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens to Bishop Xiliude. “Sir, I have it.. Use it quickly!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1