Chapter 1395 - 1395: The Expeditionary Force Enters

Chapter 1395: The Expeditionary Force Enters

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the Karsnai asteroid, the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force was undergoing a short rest.

The resting place was a little ironic. It was the base built by the American Sector here.

What shocked Xu Tui even more was that there were more than 1,000 captive Blue Star humans in the base. From the looks of it, they were basically all from the American Sector and the India Sector.

However, their cultivation levels were not high. The strongest was only at the Evolution Realm. The weakest was the Blue Star humans at the Genetic Liberation Realm!

The reason was simple.

The Blue Star humans with high cultivation or evolution levels had all been eaten by the Muyas. They had all been eaten. There was also a statue with the Book of Enlightenment in the base that the Muyas had temporarily dominated.

When Xu Tui and the others arrived, the 1,000-odd Blue Star captives were all kneeling in front of the statue and praying.

“Is it useful to let these Blue Star humans capture them and pray?” Bishop Xiliude was a little interested in the scene that Darak had created.

At the side, when he heard Xiliude’s question, Darak immediately became excited. “Your Eminence, it will definitely work! Of course, it has to be screened,” Darak said excitedly.

“Screening? How?”

“Your Eminence, let all the captives pray here. Then, a person with powerful mind power will keep an eye on them. If anyone doesn’t condense holy power within the specified prayer time, we will pull them out and eat them in public!” Darak let out a sinister laugh. “In the beginning, we chose nearly 3,000 people from the captives who were willing to pray. 1,800 of them were eaten by us in public. To be honest, it’s really delicious!”

As he spoke, Darak licked his lips. Saliva actually flowed out of the corner of his mouth.

Bishop Xiliude frowned slightly. He did not like the actions of these Muyas who had the Sacred Blood. It was really rude to eat like this. However, the method was quite good. “How’s the yield?” Xiliude asked.

“Your Eminence, this is what I want to report to you! Even the mental bodies of the ordinary people of the Blue Star are also naturally stronger than us, the Muyas. The speed and efficiency of their prayers are very good and strong. They are much stronger than our holy power slaves.

“Basically, a person’s efficiency was equivalent to the output of three to five holy power slaves’ prayers. Really, I don’t dare to lie to you about this! Now, I somewhat understood why the supreme Lord had asked us to come to the solar system. There are treasures everyvvhere here, including the Blue Star Humans here!”

Dakra’s words made Xu Tui feel extremely complicated. They had eaten more than 1,800 Blue Star captives to select more than 1,000 captives who could pray to produce holy power. How ferocious was this?

Bishop Xiliude’s expression suddenly froze. “Darak, are you serious?” “Your Eminence, just sense it yourself.”

Immediately, boundless mind power fluctuations spread out. Bishop Xiliude began to sense the situation of these people praying to produce holy power. It was not just Xiliude. Dylin, Neff, and the other Muya experts also began to sense it.

With this perception, tragedy appeared.

Perhaps it was because they were disturbed by the gazes of too many people, a few of them suddenly became distracted. No holy power was produced after praying for a long time.

Darak suddenly let out a sinister laugh. With a wave of his hand, he captured the three Blue Star captives. “Hahaha, the three of you didn’t produce holy power, so I have to eat you.”

“Everyone, who’s eating?” The three Blue Star captives that Darak was waving made the Muyas who had just arrived, especially the characteristics of the Sacred Blood, which were actually more obvious. All of them drooled.

The moment Darak threw it out, Xu Tui gritted his teeth. The three terrified Blue Star captives were instantly eaten by the Muyas.

Xu Tui clenched and unclenched his fists. To be honest, the feeling of watching his kind being eaten was too…

For a moment, Xu Tui wanted to explode and kill Darak. However, he still controlled his emotions very well. He endured it. It would take time to set up a plan to kill these people. This was especially so for Darak. Xu Tui realized that this guy might have reached a certain level of research on the Blue Star because he was fighting at the frontline.

Five minutes later, Bishop Xiliude retracted his mind power. He had a happy expression. “Darak, you did very well. I’ll reward you after we’re done. The Divine Court will reward you handsomely. We only need 10,000 of these captives to support our daily consumption and allow us to establish ourselves in the solar system. Darak, we need more such captives.”

“Sir, the Blue Star humans are currently developing various resourceful asteroids in the solar system and emigrating in large numbers. However, the forces they had left behind were really weak. Usually, if there were one to two Planetary realm experts on a planet, they would be considered powerful. We just need to find the planet they are colonizing and developing and we can easily obtain a large number of captives,” Darak said.

Xiliude nodded. “Yes, according to you, it’s indeed not difficult. Although the solar system is small, it’s still extremely vast for us now. It’s a big problem to find the planet that the Blue Star Humans are colonizing and developing. How do you solve it?”

“This?” Darak looked around and hesitated. This behavior made Xiliude frown. Not only Xiliude, but even Dylin, Neff, and the others frowned.

“It’s not convenient for you to say it? Those who can be by my side now are our most loyal and trustworthy compatriots.” When he said this, Xiliude’s gaze swept past Xu Tui. His gaze was very gentle.

The weakest people who could gather around Xiliude were all Planetary realm powerhouses. Xu Tui was the only exception.

Darak was not stupid. He clearly sensed the dissatisfied gazes of Dylin and the others. He quickly said, “Bishop, I have a secret way to obtain the coordinates of the Blue Star humans to develop a colonial planet!”

“Hmm?”

Darak wanted to hold back, but Dylin let out a cold grunt at the right time. Darak was suddenly stunned and quickly said, “It’s the Spiritual Race. It’s said that the Spiritual Race has connections with the higher-ups of the Blue Star

Humans. Then, the Spiritual Race will sell it to us in various forms!”

The moment he said that, the anger in Xu Tui’s heart rose. Another traitor! Who the f*ck was this? Itavi? Or was it Raymont? He was still secretly working with the Spiritual Race at a time like this. It was simply too much!

He had to kill them if he had the chance!

At that moment, Xu Tui’s killing intent was extremely strong.

Perhaps it was because Xu Tui’s emotions were fluctuating a little violently, but it actually attracted the attention of Bishop Xiliude. “Kaedo, do you have any ideas?” Xiliude suddenly asked.

“Your Eminence, I think that we have to try our best to obtain fundamental information from the Spiritual Race. The Spiritual Race was constantly fighting with us in the Milky Way. It was very likely that they would trick us with the information. Therefore, we have to be wary of the Spiritual Race when we have limited cooperation with them,” Xu Tui said.

Xiliude was very satisfied with Xu Tui’s answer. He admired Xu Tui even more.

In front of everyone, Bishop Xiliude introduced Xu Tui to Darak very formally. The admiration in his tone was very clear. It made the eyes of Gabe, who was not far away, turn red.

How good would it be if this treatment landed on him?

Then, the Muyas rested for about an hour in the base built by the American Sector. It was mainly because some of them had been injured by the scorching sunlight when they passed through the Gate of Holy Power.

Everyone, including Bishop Xiliude, needed time to stabilize and recover from their injuries.

At the same time, Commander-in-chief Dylin would obtain a comprehensive understanding of the current situation of the solar system from Darak and come up with a more detailed strategy.

This time, 52 Planetary realm powerhouses from the Muya Expeditionary Force had originally planned to arrive in the solar system. In the end, they suffered heavy losses when they passed through the holy power door. 23 Planetary realm powerhouses turned into ashes. There were only 29 Planetary realm powerhouses who had arrived in the solar system.

The number of quasi-planets had also decreased by a third. 205 quasi-planets were planned to arrive, but in reality, only 140 quasi-planets had arrived.

Although they also lost a lot of the Transmutation Realms, a lot had come. In the end, they only lost a quarter. Originally, there were 840 Transmutation Realm experts. In the end, 610 of them arrived in the solar system.

There were also 10 Planetary realms and 20 quasi-planets on Darak’s side. This way, there were a total of 39 Planetary realms, 160 quasi-planetary experts, and 610 Transmutation Realm experts in the Muya Expeditionary Force.

The battle plan that the commander-in-chief had come up with did not change much from the previous strategy. Currently, other than the few quasi-planetary experts who were left behind to guard the place, the Water Origin Palace was empty. Therefore, they had to rush over.

Only by continuing to occupy the Water Origin Palace could they gain a foothold on Ceres Star. This was a must.

At the same time, the Karsnai asteroid also needed someone to guard it.

Therefore, Bunet brought the eight Planetary realm experts, 25 quasi-planetary experts, and 85 Transmutation Realm experts of the 5th Combat Team to guard the Karsnai asteroid. At the same time, he guarded these Blue Star captives and rebuilt the statue mark.

This was very important!

Bishop Xiliude and the commander-in -chief, Dylin, would bring the remaining 31 Planetary realms, 135 quasi-planetary realms, and 500 Transmutation Realms into the Water Origin Palace.

Ceres Star was extremely important!

“Officiant Kaedo, stay here and guard it well. I hope that you can break through to the Planetary realm as soon as possible! I think that it should be soon.” Before they set off, Xiliude specially instructed Xu Tui.

“Bunet, if there are any problems, you can discuss it with Officiant Kaedo. Personally, I think that Officiant Kaedo is quite wise.” This was Xiliude’s deliberate reminder to Bunet before he set off. He was also taking care of Kaedo.

A few minutes later, Xiliude and Dylin stepped into the cosmic tunnel with their men and set off for the Water Origin Palace.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1