Chapter 1394 - 1394: The Expeditionary Force’S Strategy And Staying Behind

Chapter 1394: The Expeditionary Force’s Strategy and Staying Behind

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Actually, the moment Xu Tui gave out the three holy tokens, the blazing sunlight that had been sealed in Xiliude’s body had already erupted again.

Xiliude’s body once again showed a state of cracking ice and porcelain. To put it bluntly, Xiliude’s body would disintegrate if this happened again. What was worse was that the blazing sunlight in his body not only injured his physical body, but even his mental body also cracked.

Other than holy power, there was no other way to treat it. At this moment of life and death, Xiliude looked at the three holy tokens that Xu Tui had handed him. His feelings were indescribable.

What was a life-saving straw? This was a life-saving straw. There was no time to express any emotions. Xiliude took it. The power of one of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was instantly activated and surged out. It began to rapidly heal his body that was about to completely split open.

At the same time, the power in the other two holy tokens was also drawn into his body by Bishop Xiliude. Not only did it suppress the blazing sunlight that was about to erupt again, but it also sealed a small portion.

Based on Xu Tui’s mental perception, 90% of the sunlight had been sealed by Xiliude.

However, it was not completed yet. Xiliude was still in danger.

Xu Tui’s three holy tokens only bought him more time.

Although Xu Tui still had the Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens, he did not dare to take it out too much at once. How would he, a quasi -planetary officiant of a small remote planet, have so many holy tokens?

In addition, Xu Tui also needed the holy power in the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token to continue impersonating the officiant.

Xu Tui felt a sharp gaze behind him. It pierced the back of his head. There was no need to ask. This was the gaze of the commander-in-chief of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force, Dylin.

He weighed the pros and cons and gave up on saving Bishop Xiliude. This was already a life-and-death feud. He had completely offended Bishop Xiliude.

However, Kaedo extended Xiliude’s life again.

Fortunately, Kaedo did not have many holy tokens. It was not enough to save Bishop Xiliude. At the same time, Dylin used his gaze to stop the others from following suit.

In the next moment, he was stunned. He was so angry that he was about to go crazy!

Under Xu Tui’s lead, the second officiant, Gabe, quickly stepped forward and contributed a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. It had to be said that Xu Tui had started off badly. It did not matter if there were Planetary realm powerhouses in other places, but no one dared to pretend to be deaf and mute under the lead of Xu Tui and Gabe.

Under such circumstances, regardless of whether or not Bishop Xiliude was dead, as long as the news spread, the Divine Court might deal with them in the future.

A small group of people would always prioritize their interests.

For example, the bishop organization in the Divine Court!

A group of officiants stepped forward and contributed their Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens. He gave two, he gave three. Those with high cultivation contributed four to five. There were a total of six officiants who survived. In a short period of time, the other four contributed ten Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens.

Seeing this, the Planetary realm powerhouses in the other places could no longer sit still. There was no point in Dylin stopping them. The status and power of Bishop Xiliude from the Divine Court were naturally far higher than that of Dylin.

With someone contributing the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token and someone taking the lead, all the Planetary realms could only follow.

At this moment, it was no longer a matter of contribution.

He had to contribute! He had to have this attitude! Those who did not contribute would definitely be remembered by Bishop Xiliude. Nothing good would happen in the future.

In a short period of time, more than 30 Planetary realm powerhouses contributed more than 70 Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens to Bishop Xiliude.

Under such circumstances, Dylin did not dare to pretend anymore. If he did not move now, Xiliude would recover. As long as he reported this situation, he would be in deep trouble. If he did it now, although it was already too late and he would still be unlucky, he would only offend Bishop Xiliude, not the bishop group of the Divine Court.

He stared at Xu Tui with a murderous gaze. Dylin stepped forward and contributed the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token. He was still very rich.

“Sir, I just urgently repaired my holy power bag and barely repaired it. Use these 10 holy tokens first. I’ll take them out if it’s not enough!” Dylin lowered his posture.

Bishop Xiliude, who was repairing his body with all his might, opened his eyes and looked coldly at Dylin. He did not speak. However, he did not take it.

Dylin handed over the Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens with both hands. He did not know whether to put it down or retract it. It was extremely awkwvard!

Bishop Xiliude had already displayed his anger without holding back. This awkward situation lasted for a full minute. After Bishop Xiliude’s aura stabilized, he slowly opened his eyes. After staring at Dylin for a full minute, he suddenly said, “Half!”

This word was extremely cold!

Dylin was stunned. He already understood what Bishop Xiliude meant. Anger flashed in his eyes, but he suppressed it. Xiliude wanted half of his Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens. The Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was a true and most precious asset to every Muya powerhouse.

Look at Xiliude just now. If he did not have the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token, he would have turned into ashes.

The value of the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was obvious.

Now, Xiliude was actually domineeringly asking for half of his Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens.

At this moment, Dylin had the thought of falling out. However, after weighing the pros and cons, he felt that it was better to endure it. As long as his status and strength were there, as long as he successfully returned, he could still obtain the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token in the future.

Now, he had to ease his relationship with Bishop Xiliude.

After some thought, Dylin opened his holy power bag in front of Bishop Xiliude. Then, he took out the 58 Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens and placed them in front of Xiliude. “Lord Xiliude, there was really a problem with the holy power bag just now. I’m sorry!”

Everyone knew that Dylin’s words were quite fake. Of course, it was just to ease the relationship and give both sides a way out.

Bishop Xiliude sneered and nodded slowly, accepting this step. It was a temporary peace!

Xu Tui was stunned. The aristocrats of the Muyas were really rich, especially the influence of Bishop Xiliude. They had run out of money just now. They did not even have a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token.

However, in this short period of time, the number of Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens piled in front of him had reached 130. It was simply too much! Xu Tui was envious of the pile of Mvriad Thoughts Holv Tokens. If he did not care about the consumption and used the power in a Myriad Thoughts Holy Token crazily, it could allow a Three Satellites Planetary realm to unleash combat strength equivalent to a Four Satellites Planetary realm in a short period of time. Wasn’t that terrifying?

A few minutes later, Xiliude’s gaze swept past all the survivors before landing on Xu Tui and Gabe. With a wave of his hand, 30 Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens flew up from in front of Xu Tui.

Was he going to reward Xu Tui?

Xu Tui was stunned. He did not know whether to accept it or not. Fortunately, Bishop Xiliude spoke. “Your reaction is fast and you saved my life. You deserve this! I, Xiliude, will definitely reward my own people who have contributed greatly. Ten times the reward!”

Xiliude emphasized the words ‘my own people’. Everyone could tell what he meant. He probably treated Kaedo as his true confidant.

Helpless, Xu Tui accepted the gift under the displeased gazes of many Planetary realm powerhouses. They had no choice. The Planetary realm experts were also very depressed. This was because Bishop Xiliude was being generous with their things.

Then, five Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens also flew towards Gabe. However,

Xiliude only said indifferently, “You did well.”

This was already a pleasant surprise for Gabe. As expected, there would always be gains and surprises following Lord Kaedo’s footsteps.

After putting away the other Myriad Thoughts Holy Tokens, he turned around and looked at the shattered statue and the shattered door of holy power. Bishop Xiliude had a dejected expression.

He was the only one who survived among the 14 Planetary realm powerhouses and 51 quasi-planetary experts in his first combat team.

They had suffered heavy losses!

It was very heavy.

Two waves of attack erupted from the Sun Guardian and killed the 24 Planetary realm powerhouses of the Muya expeditionary force. There was no need to count the quasi-planetary and transmutation realms.

Nearly half of the expeditionary army’s strength had been destroyed by the Sun Guardian. As for him, if not for the desperate protection of his planetary realm attendants, he would not have been able to last until the moment the holy power door shattered.

The Sun Guardian of the solar system was too terrifying. Now, the ball of sunlight that he had sealed in his heart was still erupting. He had to split out a large amount of power to suppress it from time to time.

As a result, his strength was actually…

Not to mention that his injuries had not completely recovered, even if he had completely recovered, his strength would probably not even be 50% of before. Fortunately, no one should know.

After bringing everyone to mourn for the sacrifice, Xiliude asked Darak to understand the detailed situation of this planet.

Xu Tui was stunned when the human-headed Golden Winged Dragon reported. No wonder he had seen this planet before.

Asteroid Karsnai.

The planet that had previously belonged to the cosmic tunnel node owned by the American Sector had been slaughtered by Darak and his men. Later on, Xu Tui had counterattacked. Now, it has become the relocation point of the Muyas.

Could it be that the American Sector had taken the initiative to give up on this asteroid with a cosmic tunnel node?

Many questions appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

After understanding the situation of this asteroid, Bishop Xiliude, who was already on bad terms with Dylin, had an unfriendly discussion with him and came up with a plan. Someone had to guard this asteroid.

Although the statue here had been destroyed, this was still the easiest place to build the statue.

The stratezv was Quicklv understood. Accordinz to the internal rules, the 5th Combat Brigade, which was also Bunet and Xu Tui’s team, would stay behind to guard the asteroid. He had enough strength.

Darak’s forces were transferred to Xiliude. Then, he merged the forces of the second and fourth combat brigades and quickly entered the Water Origin

Palace.

Ceres Star was a place they had to fight for.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui had already sent this news to An Xiaoxue through the ancient Morse password with Tri Ling Ding’s high-level colony..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1