Chapter 1397 - 1397: Surrounding Wei To Save Zhao

Chapter 1397: Surrounding Wei to Save Zhao

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After years of war in the Milky Way, the Muya Clan still had a high level of war quality.

These qualities of war had been engraved into their flesh and blood through bloody battle after bloody battle. For example, the strong and high -ranking existences had priority in choosing. They would always guarantee the interests of the strongest. The weak had to have the resolve of the weak.

However, in war, the responsibility of covering the retreat had to be done by the strong under many circumstances. The strong could not retreat first. If all the experts retreated first, it would cause a huge collapse in the current war.

This was the current situation. After the commander-in-chief of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force, Dylin, gave the order to retreat, the other quasi-planetary and Transmutation Realm experts retreated to the Water Origin Palace in an extremely chaotic manner.

However, the Planetary realm was fighting and retreating. Furthermore, order was gradually returning.

Commander-in-chief Dylin pounced at Erera at lightning speed. Erera, who was shooting red rays up and down the tunnel, was too lethal. She was a low-level Planetary realm harvester.

The moment Dylin pounced over, the meteor-like rain of fire shot over and slightly stopped Cai Shaochu and the others. The red spear in his hand instantly expanded to about a thousand meters and he pulled out.

He had pulled out this spear amidst the rain of fire. It was as if a spear had appeared in the rain of fire. Even though Erera reacted in time, she still let out a muffled groan. Blood seeped out of the corner of her mouth. Erera was sent flying by the spear. Her terrifying red ray harvester had finally been stopped.

However, Cai Shaochu’s word ‘suppress’, Haren’s Lightning Snake, Augusto, Ruan Tianzuo, and the other nine Planetary realm powerhouses attacked Dylin from all directions.

Dylin also took the siege of the nine Planetary realm powerhouses very seriously, but he had the confidence to survive. He could not last long, but it should not be a problem to last one or two waves.

However, when Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Formula arrived, Dylin’s expression changed. Not only did the Suppression Formula have a terrifying and inexplicable suppressive power, but the space around him was also filled with an inexplicable force field.

If Dylin wanted to move quickly, he had to first break the power of the

Suppression Formula that filled the space around him. In other words, with Cai

Shaochu’s Suppression Formula, Dylin’s movements were restricted.

Moreover, although Cai Shaochu was only a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, the power of the word ‘suppress’ had reached the limit of a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

Dylin’s expression changed drastically.

Under such circumstances, he could not retreat quickly and fall into the siege of the nine Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star. The woman he had sent flying would immediately attack again.

Even someone as strong as him would definitely be surrounded and killed.

“Receive me!” Dylin moved with difficulty in Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Force Field and neutralized the attacks of the others.

Bishop Xiliude, who was rapidly retreating, frowned slightly. Something was wrong with Dylin’s state. How should he put it? Dylin’s performance when he needed the Myriad Thoughts Holy Token was too poor.

And Xiliude had the urge to execute Dylin.

Yes, execute him!

However, Xiliude understood even more that Dylin could not die now. If he died, it would be difficult for him to support the force.

To be able to reach the high position of the Holy Temple’s Bishop and be chosen to be sent to the Solar System Expeditionary Force, Bishop Xiliude’s overall vision and strategic perspective were undoubtedly extremely outstanding.

Immediately, Bishop Xiliude gave the order. “Neff, bring someone to receive Dylin.” At the same time, Xiliude gently held his personal holy token.

Boundless holy power fluctuations appeared. Xiliude muttered softly, “The

Lord says that the power of holy light can penetrate everything!”

In the next moment, a beam of holy light blasted towards the invisible Suppression Formula Force Field beside Dylin.

The holy light ray collided with the invisible Suppression Formula Force Field. Cai Shaochu, who was using all his strength to augment the Suppression Formula Force Field, instantly let out a dull grunt.

The Suppression Formula instantly collapsed.

Bishop Xiliude’s Holy Light Ray pierced through his Suppression Formula Force Field.

As soon as the Suppression Formula’s force field was broken, Dylin was instantly like a fish returning to the sea. His body became extremely fast, and the sea of fire exploded. The moment he forced back a few Planetary realm experts, he instantly retreated and met up with Neff and the others. He began to fight and retreat in the narrow tunnel.

Not only that, but Bishop Xiliude’s Holy Light Ray directly blasted onto Huang Guts body. The layers of defense on Huang Gut s body were melted, forming a hole in his chest and abdomen.

As a wind-type supernatural being, Raymont reacted extremely quickly and instantly dodged. Otherwise, he would have been severely injured.

On the other hand, the Lord of Myths, Ullr, who was hit next, displayed astonishing strength. Lightning erupted in front of him and he forcefully blocked the holy light ray for a moment before avoiding it.

At this point, the power of the Holy Light Ray decreased. However, this scene was seen by many people. The Lord of Myths, Ullr, seemed to be stronger than he showed.

After this obstruction, Dylin and Neff successfully retreated. However, the Blue Star experts had no intention of stopping. Since they had already gained the upper hand and the top forces of the Blue Star were all gathered here, they wanted to severely injure the Muya Expeditionary Force once again. The more they killed today, the less pressure the Muyas would bring them in the future.

The opinions of the top experts of the Blue Star were surprisingly unanimous.

In the next moment, with Erera as the sharp knife, Cai Shaochu and Haren as the flanks, they gathered Li Qingping and the others who were attacking from the direction of the Earth Origin Palace

Darak, who had just retreated to the entrance of the Water Origin Palace, also had a change in expression. There was only one thought in his mind. The Blue Star humans had gone crazy.

Was there going to be a final battle?

Actually, it was not that the Blue Star humans had gone crazy. It was just that too many experts from the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force had come this time, posing a huge threat to the Blue Star.

Under external pressure, the interior would become unprecedentedly united.

No one had any ulterior motives, which resulted in this battle.

Thirty seconds later, the elites of both sides began to fight at the entrance of the tunnel. The Blue Star experts occupied the terrain and used their long-range methods to attack.

Under normal circumstances, the Muyas had an advantage in terms of overall strength. There were two Seven Satellites Planetary realm experts, one Six Satellites Planetary realm expert, and four Five Satellites Planetary realm experts.

However, after Bishop Xiliude retreated into the Water Origin Palace, he did not participate in the battle. Instead, he supported them from afar.

The Blue Star, on the other hand, had the advantage with one Seven Satellites Planetary realm, two Six Satellites Planetary realm, and seven Five Satellites Planetary realm.

Moreover, the Planetary realm powerhouses on the Blue Star all had their own battle characteristics. With the same cultivation, their overall strength was a little stronger than powerhouses of the same level.

Not long after the battle started, the Muyas were at a disadvantage. This was especially so for some of the Three and Four Satellites Planetary realm participants. Some of them were seriously injured, and some even died on the spot.

The battle positions of both sides were advancing step by step in the direction of the Water Origin Palace.

On the contrary, as the people who fought were all top Planetary realm powerhouses from Blue Star, they were usually old coins, so there were all kinds of life-saving methods. Therefore, many experts from the Blue Star were injured, but not a single one died in battle.

The flames of war were advancing towards the Water Origin Palace.

At this rate, they might be able to capture the Water Origin Palace today and completely severely injure the Muyas.

Today’s battle could be considered a final battle between the elite forces of the Blue Star Humans and the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force. This was especially so for the elites of the Blue Star. They were highly united because of external pressure.

They might be able to resolve the threat of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force after this battle.

However, when Erera, Haren, Cai Shaochu, and Ullr had just charged into the Water Origin Palace through the entrance of the cosmic tunnel, the expressions of Ullr and Haren changed.

Someone was asking for help!

They had received a distress signal from the Earth Origin Palace!

The Spiritual Race was attacking the Earth Origin Palace with all their might. There was not a single Planetary realm expert in the Earth Origin Palace, let alone someone who could block the Planetary realm elder of the Spiritual Race, Chi Jing.

They could not block it!

They would definitely not be able to block it!

Without anyone blocking Chi Jing, the Spiritual Race would be able to attack the Earth Origin Palace in two to three minutes. As long as they broke through the door of the Earth Origin Palace, the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm guards in the Earth Origin Palace might face a massacre.

There were only a few Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, the rest were all One and Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses. The Four and Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses had all been mobilized today.

In an instant, Ullr, Haren, Augusto, Itavi, and the others were no longer in the mood to fight.

If the low-level Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts of the Earth Origin Palace were killed by the Spiritual Race, they would suffer a crushing defeat even if they won this battle.

Those low-level Planetary realms were the hope and confidence of their families in the future. They could lose one or two, but it would be terrible if there were large-scale casualties.

Everyone knew that there was a high chance that the Muyas had asked the Spiritual Race for help. Then, the Spiritual Race had come to surround Wei and save Zhao.

It had to be said that the Spiritual Race’s move was very effective.

Just the news alone had reduced the warpath of Ullr, Haren, Augusto, Itavi, and the others who had left people to guard the Earth Origin Palace. Regardless of whether they had reached an agreement or not, these people had already begun to fight and retreat.

No matter what the others thought, they would definitely retreat. They had to save the Earth Origin Palace. They had to protect the low-level Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realms in the Earth Origin Palace.

Seeing this, Cai Shaochu let out a long sigh. He had made a loss. In another 15 minutes or so, they might be able to settle the matter once and for all. They would basically lose their threat when the Muya Expeditionary Force was ambushed and in chaos.

But now…

“Hurry back to the Earth Origin Palace to reinforce them. We’ll retreat slowly and implicate this force!” Cai Shaochu was also a decisive person. He immediately made a decision.

Instead of letting them retreat on their own, he might as well give the order as soon as possible. That way, their faces would look better and they would have a basis for cooperation in the future.

In the next moment, Ullr, Haren, Itavi, and the others quickly retreated.

Cai Shaochu and the others fought and retreated as they picked up the corpses.

The corpses of the Muyas were now extremely precious cultivation resources. However, judging from the number of corpses, they had gained a lot from today’s ambush..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1