Chapter 1396 - 1396: Ambush

Chapter 1396: Ambush

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In fact, the Muyas had always been very cautious in battle. Even with their current strength, which was enough to sweep through any faction in the solar system, they were still very careful in the cosmic tunnel.

This was not their nature. This was a memory that had been engraved into their bones after countless crushing defeats and bloody battles. In the Milky Way, the Muya Clan, the Great Xi Clan, and the Spiritual Race had been fighting for supremacy for so many years.

It was extremely cruel.

Therefore, the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force led by Xiliude and Dylin was very cautious when they set off for the Water Origin Palace.

In the battle sequence, there was a top-notch expert in each of the three combat teams. At the same time, they maintained a reasonable distance.

Other Planetary realm powerhouses explored the traces of passage in the cosmic tunnel and became more vigilant. The experience and duration of the Muyas in using the cosmic tunnel was countless times that of the humans on the Blue Star.

When they reached the cosmic tunnel node of Ceres, the commander-in-chief of the Muyas, Dylin, sent three Planetary realm experts to pass through the cosmic tunnel node to scout the way.

Although Darak had already contacted the Muyas who were guarding the Water Origin Palace, everything was normal except for the news that an unknown mysterious small universe portal had appeared above Ceres.

There were no abnormal movements from the forces of the Blue Star. They had been monitoring the tunnel and had no problems.

The three Planetary realm experts passed through the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star. They scanned their surroundings with their mind power, but there were no abnormalities.

Immediately, a Planetary realm expert passed through the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star again to inform Dylin and the others that everything was normal. Then, they could pass through on a large scale.

At the same time, Cai Shaochu and the others, who had been secretly waiting at the exit of the Wood Origin Palace, also observed this scene.

Cai Shaochu was making the best strategic arrangements.

“Miss Erera, your purple flames are very suitable for fighting in such a tunnel.

You can sweep through it later.”

“Don’t worry! ”

“Everyone, there are many enemies. When their main force comes in, each of you will throw two three-phase thermal bombs, throw them, and detonate them! It was a very simple strategy, but we had to attack at the same time. We also had to ensure that the three-phase thermal bomb was detonated. Here, all the technological functions of the three-phase thermal bomb were ineffective. Itavi, Old Ruan, the two of you are in charge of detonating it. It must be foolproof! ” “No problem!”

“Don’t worry! ”

Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo responded at the same time.

Behind Cai Shaochu, Haren, Raymont, Ullr, Augusto, Anrevich, Huang Gu, Itavi, Ruan Tianzuo, and Erera were all present.

The strongest Planetary realm experts on the Blue Star were all gathered here.

The reason why they were here was naturally because Cai Shaochu had

received an urgent message from An Xiaoxue more than an hour ago.

Originally, it was impossible to gather the experts of the Blue Star so quickly. Miraculously, Haren had indirectly confirmed Xu Tui’s information. Their asteroid, Karsnai, had indeed been lost.

After the previous incident, they had sent people for the second time. However, not long after, they lost contact again. The guards on the Karsnai asteroid did not even send out a warning. This meant that the enemy was very powerful. Moreover, the enemy had already targeted the Karsnai asteroid.

In the end, the American Sector decided to temporarily give up on the Karsnai asteroid. The reason was very simple. There was not much power to guard this Karsnai asteroid that the enemy was targeting.

According to the current information, three to five Planetary realm experts were not enough. They might need seven to eight Planetary realm experts, and they might even need a Five Satellites Planetary realm expert to personally guard it. Only then would they have a chance of defending it.

The American Sector had such power. However, it was impossible for the American Sector to trap such a powerful force on the Karsnai asteroid. Therefore, giving up was the best choice.

Under this confirmation, under the lead of Cai Shaochu and Haren, the seven sectors and one organization reached a rare unified action. Of course, it was also because they knew very well the significance of the arrival of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force.

How should he put it? The Blue Star humans hated the Muyas ten times more than the Spiritual Race. Although the Spiritual Race was an enemy, they could still communicate. However, the Muyas only knew how to eat!

Therefore, the gathering this time was also very fast.

Under Cai Shaochu’s arrangements, they quickly used the branches of the cosmic tunnel and various other concealments to silently gather the experts of the Earth Origin Palace at the Wood Origin Palace.

Under Cai Shaochu’s orders, all the top experts of the Blue Star were lying in ambush at the entrance of the Wood Origin Palace.

Ten seconds later, the front of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force quickly passed through the cosmic tunnel of Ceres. The moment he passed through, Dylin’s powerful aura spread out. He first scanned the other three branches. After confirming that there were no other auras, he slowly advanced.

“It’s safe, let the central division settle in! ” Then, Dylin slowly walked forward with the front division. At the entrance of the cosmic tunnel, Bishop Xiliude quickly entered with a large group of people. Then, he informed the last division led by Neff to enter.

The moment the last division led by Neff entered, more than a dozen figures suddenly appeared in the direction of the Earth Origin Palace’s tunnel. The leader had an extremely powerful aura. He had layers of Vajra Armor around his body and was leading a group of people. He was like a golden ball of light as he rushed over.

“It’s the Muyas. Explode!” As he charged, Li Qingping brought his men and threw at least eight three-phase thermal bombs over.

The expressions of Dylin, Darak, Bishop Xiliude, and the others changed. Before this, Darak had already introduced the power of the three-phase thermal bomb to them in detail. One bomb could injure an ordinary Planetary realm. Even a Five Satellites Planetary realm might not be able to withstand it if a few exploded together.

“Enemy attack! Break it remotely!” Commander-in-chief Dylin roared immediately. He waved his red wings, and the rain of fire that was like a shooting star blasted towards Li Qingping, who was in the direction of the Earth Origin Palace.

“Move out!” Cai Shaochu, who was in the Wood Origin Palace, let out a low shout. In an instant, Cai Shaochu, Haren, Raymont, Itavi, Augusto, Ullr, Huang Gu, Anlevich, and Ruan Tianzuo, a total of nine Five and Six Satellites Planetary realm, darted out like ghosts.

In less than a second, they passed through the cosmic tunnel of the Wood Origin Palace and appeared at the intersection of the cosmic tunnels.

The Muyas naturally noticed such a huge commotion. However, they, who were attracted by the Earth Origin Palace’s attack, were still a moment too slow.

This was especially so for Dylin, who was trying his best to detonate the three-phase thermal bomb in the direction of the Earth Origin Palace. However, he realized that the three-phase thermal bomb there did not explode.

Just as he was feeling surprised, an attack came from the direction of the Wood Origin Palace. This time, even without Dylin’s instructions, the other Planetary realms took the initiative to bombard these three-phase bombs.

As long as they exploded or detonated these three-phase thermal bombs in advance, they would not pose much of a threat.

Cai Shaochu, who was the first to rush out, raised his hand. A huge word instantly blasted towards the other party. Five Suppression Characters flew out of his hand and merged with the huge Suppression Character. They blasted towards the other party.

Bishop Xiliude narrowed his eyes slightly, but he did not attack. Instead, he tapped Neff with his mind power.

Neff instantly stepped forward. However, with this delay, the attacks of the others who were about to shatter the three-phase thermal bombs were stopped by Cai Shaochu’s Suppression Formula.

The nearest of the 18 three-phase thermal bombs had already blasted 300 meters away from the Muya team.

“Explode!” Itavi and Ruan Tianzuo shattered the bombs at the same time. The wisp of fire that they had attached to the interior of the three-phase thermal bomb instantly exploded.

Boom, boom, boom, boom…! The 18 three-phase thermal bombs exploded continuously at the same time. The closest was 300 meters away from the Muya army. The furthest was 700 meters away from the Muya army.

Under normal circumstances, it was possible to injure a One or Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse at this distance. It would be very difficult to injure a Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

However, they could not withstand 18 of them exploding at the same time. Even the Four and Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses retreated in an instant. The Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Neff, activated the earth-yellow light and holy light around his body and tried his best to defend.

Bishop Xiliude, who did not want to attack, sighed helplessly. Holy light spread out like a screen, trying his best to protect the flustered Muyas. He had to deal with this wave first. As for the ambush, he would think about it after he was done.

However, the power of the 18 three-phase thermal bombs exploding at the same time was too ferocious. Even if Bishop Xiliude and the Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Neff, attacked at the same time, they would not be able to completely block it.

Many Transmutation Realm experts who were close to it directly vaporized. Those quasi-planets turned into charred carbon on the spot even if they defended with all their might. A small number of the One or Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses died tragically on the spot or were even severely injured.

However, that was not the most important thing. Most importantly, the 18 three-phase thermal bombs exploded at the same time, producing an effect similar to an energy storm. The entire cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star was in chaos.

Everyone’s mental perception and energy field perception lost their effect at this moment. It was also at this moment that Erera, who had been planned by Cai Shaochu, arrived at the entrance of the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star with a flash of fire.

She stood there and took a slight step forward. Her eyes turned red. In front of her, a straight red pillar of light instantly passed through the entire cosmic tunnel. It was straight and sham!

As a Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, there was no doubt about Erera’s strength. This was especially so for Erera’s red ray. It was a powerful supernatural ability after activating the abnormality.

Wherever the red ray passed, it was as if there was no one around. Whether it was the One Satellite Planetary realm, Two Satellites Planetary realm, or Four Satellites Planetary realm, it all passed through them. The screams and smell of burnt meat instantly filled the air.

The only difference was luck.

Some Planetary realm powerhouses had their heads pierced through by Erera’s red rays and died on the spot. Some of the Muyas were lucky. The places that had been blasted were their shoulders and chests. They were only injured.

However, this was not all of Erera’s red ray abilities.

As Erera’s eyes turned red and she continued to shoot out red rays, her gaze kept moving up and down. In the entire cosmic tunnel leading to the Water Origin Palace, the red rays were like a red harvester.

Wherever it went, injuries and deaths would occur. In an instant, it caused a large number of casualties to the Muyas again.

Commander-in-chief Dylin finally pounced at Erera from the front. They were both Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, but Bishop Xiliude did not move. So he could only go.

But Dylin was shocked to discover that the nine Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses were pouncing toward him. In an instant, a few thoughts flashed through Dylin’s mind. All the elites of the Blue Star had gathered here to wait for them?

What did that mean? It was premeditated!

Were they ambushed? They had been tricked! The news had been leaked! There was a traitor!

In an instant, his mind raced. At this moment, Dylin made a key decision. In this state, he could not engage in a final battle with the Blue Star in a daze.

“Retreat! Retreat into the Water Origin Palace!” Dylin roared!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1