Chapter 1399 - 1399: Xu Tui’S Second Plan

Chapter 1399: Xu Tui’s Second Plan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The commander of the 5th Combat Brigade, Bunet, was confirming the defense with Officiant Kaedo.

Although it was a confirmation, it was actually a notice.

Originally, the defense of the asteroid was completely arranged by Bunet. At the same time, Bunet did not need to tell Xu Tui. This was the benefits of Xu Tui’s previous challenge, including the fact that he had taken the initiative to save Bishop Xiliude.

The combination of all kinds of situations had raised Xu Tui’s status as the officiant to a level that Bunet could not ignore. This was especially so for the importance that Bishop Xiliude placed on Xu Tui. Before he set off, he even specially reminded him that he had to give Officiant Kaedo extraordinary treatment.

Even if Kaedo was only a quasi-planet.

Look at the commander-in-chief of the Solar System Expeditionary Force, Dylin. He was even very careful in front of Bishop Xiliude.

Of course, Bunet knew how to conduct himself. He took the initiative to confirm the defense with Xu Tui. Xu Tui was also very good at conducting himself. He did not criticize the defense issue. In any case, he praised him. To Xu Tui, it was enough as long as he knew the detailed defense arrangements of Bunet.

The defense of the Karsnai was divided into two parts. A portion of them were the temporary Holy Temple base that the Muyas had set up with the base of the American Sector. There were more than a thousand Blue Star captives who had been tamed by Darak here. They had to pray in front of the statue of the Lord every day.

There were also 200 Blue Star captives. However, these 200 additional Blue Star captives were treated as… food by Darak.

The other defense was the cosmic tunnel fortress of the Karsnai asteroid. This was the main point. It was impossible to launch a surprise attack on the Karsnai asteroid from space without any warning. As long as the enemy appeared above the asteroid, the garrison would be able to discover and react immediately.

On the contrary, if the enemy suddenly attacked from the cosmic tunnel, they could do it silently.

In Bunet’s defense, most of his forces were concentrated in the cosmic tunnel fortress. He even arranged for himself to be at the cosmic tunnel fortress.

Arranging Xu Tui to guard the temporary Holy Temple base was actually more considerate of him.

Xu Tui smiled and thanked him. He then asked, “By the way, according to your arrangements, what time do you come to the Holy Temple to pray every day?”

Other than guarding the cosmic tunnel fortress, Bunet also arranged an hour of prayer every day for himself, a group of Planetary realms, and quasi-planets.

Previously, when Bishop Xiliude was seriously injured when he passed through the Gate of Holy Power, all the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realms of the Muyas used the holy power in their personal holy token to save Xiliude.

The holy power in everyone’s personal holy tokens was exhausted. The holy power in the holy token was the only way for most Muyas to store their holy power. Moreover, the power in the personal holy token was more direct and fast for non-priest-type Muyas like Bunet.

Whether it was the enhancement of battle or the treatment of life-saving, the holy power in the personal holy token was very important.

However, it had been used up previously.

Under normal circumstances, it would take about 30 days for a Muya to completely fill his personal holy token with holy power through prayer. Note that these 30 days referred to prayer under normal circumstances.

What was a prayer under normal circumstances?

It was to pray in front of the statue of the Lord so that he could accumulate holy power the fastest.

However, if he prayed in other places where there was no Lord, the speed at which he accumulated the holy power in his personal holy token would be reduced to a certain extent. This reduction was related to their devotion to the Lord.

The speed at which the Muyas, who were extremely devout to the Lord, accumulated holy power was almost the same no matter where they prayed.

However, such people were extremely rare.

There was a private investigation among the Muyas that discovered that the

Muyas with high cultivation and status were almost not extremely pious to the

Lord. Under such circumstances, it might take the quasi-planetary and Planetary realm powerhouses of the fifth combat brigade 40 to 60 days to fill up their depleted personal holy tokens.

This was the solar system.

They were the expeditionary army and could face battle at any time. They needed to use the power in their personal holy token to increase their strength or save their lives at any time. Every bit of recovery of the holy power was important to them. It would be best if they could fill up their personal holy tokens as soon as possible.

Under such circumstances, Bunet arranged for the Planetary realms and quasi-planetary realms to take turns returning to the Holy Temple base to pray.

Every person for about an hour a day.

Bunet was also very cautious in his schedule.

The Planetary realms and quasi-planets would take turns to pray at the temporary Holy Temple base from the cosmic tunnel fortress in teams. They would ensure that the strongest power was guarding the cosmic tunnel base at all times.

Bunet did not hold back in the face of Xu Tui’s question. He smiled and replied, “We’re not sure yet. There were only seven Planetary realm experts guarding there. According to my arrangements, no matter when, there had to be six Planetary realm experts guarding the cosmic tunnel base.

“In that case, the time I come to pray in front of the Lord’s statue every day might be different. However, I will definitely inform Lord Kaedo in advance,” Bunet said.

“Alright, I’ll definitely make arrangements for you, Lord Bunet. I’ll try my best to make your prayers have the best effect.”

“Then I’ll thank Officiant Kaedo in advance.”

When someone was praying, the officiant could use divine techniques to assist from the side. It could effectively increase the effect of prayer. This was one of the abilities of the Holy Temple. Of course, not everyone was qualified to be guided by the officiant during prayer.

This was the reason why Bunet thanked Xu Tui.

‘What about today?”

“They’ve already gone over to establish their defense today. At the same time, they’ll organize the cosmic tunnel fortress over there. I’ll pray once before going over,” Bunet said.

The cosmic tunnel fortress of the Karsnai asteroid was actually built by the American Sector. Because they did not have any experience in building it, the design was not too good. Coupled with the fact that it had been breached several times and a portion of it had been destroyed, the Muyas had to complete their defense if they wanted to defend for a long time.

Xu Tui had basically understood the situation of the Muya’s prayers regarding the holy power. When praying, the holy power did not appear out of thin air.

In reality, praying also consumed energy. What was consumed was mind power. And this consumption was not small.

However, what was more magical was that the output of holy power was generally greater than the consumption of mind power. Moreover, after mind power was converted into holy power through prayer, it became a power that everyone could use.

Everyone has mind power, including the slaves. However, not everyone could use mind power.

Under normal circumstances, an hour of prayer would consume about 20 to 30% of a Muya’s mind power depending on how pious they were. Therefore, the Muya Holy Temple set the time for ordinary people to pray to be two hours. Two hours would consume at most 60% of his mind power.

However, during the war, they were allowed to pray for an hour a day at most. An hour consumed about 20 to 30% of their mind power. This consumption was a relatively safe border. For example, the holy power slaves on the planet ruled by the Milky Way’s Muyas spent about five hours a day praying. These holy power slaves sometimes prayed until they fainted. Actually, it was because they had overexerted their mind power. So they could only use sleep to recover their mind power.

The cycle continued. The life cycle of the holy power slave was also greatly shortened. This was the reason why prayers had to limit the time.

Xu Tui quickly agreed when he heard that he had to pray today. “Lord Bunet, please wait a moment. I’ve just taken over the temporary Holy Temple base. I still need some time to familiarize myself with it and adapt. Wait for me to prepare it and send someone to invite you over.”

“In that case, thank you for your hard work, Officiant Kaedo.” Bunet also thanked him with a smile.

After Xu Tui quickly left, he immediately used Tri Ling Ding’s colony and used the Morse password to contact them to confirm their location.

In Xu Tui’s plan, not only did they have to ambush them, but they also had to attack the Karsnai asteroid. This was a good time to break them apart. If he could kill the fifth combat brigade of the Muya Expeditionary Force in one go, he would be able to greatly weaken the strength of the Muyas in the solar system.

It had to be said that the mysterious connection between the colonies of an ancient life form like the Ling Clan was still very powerful. All of the communication methods that Xu Tui knew were cut off after he entered the cosmic tunnel. They could not contact each other in real time. However, the colony of the Ling Clan could.

Although it was a little strenuous to communicate, it was already very difficult to contact them.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui received a definite response from An Xiaoxue.

They were already waiting in the cosmic tunnel. They had just contacted Cai Shaochu. The ambush on Ceres Star had ended. The Blue Star had won, and the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force had suffered heavy losses.

Cai Shaochu had already agreed and started to implement Xu Tui’s plan.

Currently, An Xiaoxue and the others were waiting for Cai Shaochu to meet up.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he received this news.

The ambush on Ceres was a great victory, and the Muyas suffered heavy losses. Just this result was worth it for Xu Tui to risk his life to impersonate him. With this result, even if Xu Tui was discovered now, it would be worth it to impersonate him.

Fortunately, no one suspected that there was anything wrong with Xu Tui. He could continue to impersonate him.

Xu Tui dawdled at the temporary Holy Temple base for about 20 minutes before he received another message from An Xiaoxue.

The troops of the pioneer raiders had already met up with Cai Shaochu and the other three. They were expected to charge into the Karsnai asteroid in five minutes and ask Xu Tui if there were any changes to his plan.

Xu Tui’s answer was affirmative.

“Derry, just tell me that I’m ready. Invite Lord Bunet over to pray,” Xu Tui instructed. Derry happily accepted the order.

When Bunet prayed in the Holy Temple, he could delay the time for Bunet to return to the cosmic tunnel base to the greatest extent. At the same time, in the cosmic tunnel, Itavi and Raymont appeared sneakily and began to chase after the traces of Cai Shaochu and the others in the cosmic tunnel..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1