Chapter 1390 - 1390: Sun Guardian

Chapter 1390 - 1390: Sun Guardian

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The rules of the Muyas were actually quite interesting. They completely followed the principle of the strong being the strongest.

For example, when the Solar System Expeditionary Force was selecting people, the strong and high-ranking people were the first to choose. Now, through the holy power door that had just been formed that led to the solar system, the rules were different.

The weakest team would go first!

Which team was the weakest? It was Xu Tui’s 5th Combat Brigade.

Commander Bunet, on the other hand, looked calm. He was familiar with this situation. That was how the Muyas were. When there were benefits, the strong came first. When there was danger, especially such uncertain danger, the weak would scout the way first.

To a certain extent, the role of the 5th Combat Brigade passing through the Gate of Holy Power first was exactly the same as the pious believers who had just been turned to ashes by the holy power.

The weak were only worthy of being used for consumption.

This status of strength was relative. Similarly, this difference in strength was also reflected within the fifth combat brigade. The rules were passed by the members of the holy order they had received previously. A Planetary realm expert passed in one go with all his attendants.

At this moment, the first to pass was a One or Two Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse.

It was not Xu Tui.

Of course, if not for Xu Tui’s performance in the battle yesterday, the first person to become an explorer through the Gate of Holy Power today would definitely be Xu Tui and his attendants.

This was the weakest Planetary realm expert in the 5th Combat Brigade who had a holy order. He brought his men and stepped into the holy power door in a highly vigilant and defensive manner.

It was not that there was a problem with the landing point. There would not be any problems with the landing point. If there were any problems, they would not be able to communicate with the statue mark over there.

The real danger came from the natural defense system of the solar system, the High -Temperature Fire Wall, and the Sun Guardian that only existed in legends.

Xu Tui noticed that when the first Planetary realm powerhouse from the 5th Combat Brigade entered the Gate of Holy Power, the Book of Enlightenment in front of the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, flashed.

Below, in front of another Holy Temple, the hundreds of Muya believers kneeling there with their eyes closed and praying piously were instantly reduced to ashes after all their power was extracted.

This power replenished the holy power that had just been consumed.

Xu Tui was stunned. It turned out that the 300,000 Muya believers were going to be completely consumed in this way.

This was also a blessing for the Blue Star humans.

Although the Muyas could enter the solar system on a large scale, they had to pay a huge price. The speed of the teleportation was extremely fast. Five minutes later, only Xu Tui and Bunet were left in the 5th Combat Brigade.

The person with the highest status and strength would be teleported in the end. This was the unspoken rule within the Muyas.

However, Bunet still looked at Xu Tui politely and said, “Officiant Kaedo, why don’t I go first?”

“No, I’ll do it. The rules can’t be broken.” Xu Tui was very determined on this point. He was the beneficiary of this rule. Otherwise, how could he become the second-in-command of the fifth combat brigade as a quasi-planet? Therefore, he had to defend it firmly.

In the next moment, Xu Tui brought the three of them into the door of holy power.

The moment they stepped in, the three of them followed their previous instructions and activated their holy power to cover their bodies at the same time. They stepped into the holy power door.

The moment Xu Tui stepped in, the door of holy power suddenly fluctuated for a moment. Then, Xu Tui disappeared.

The brows of the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, twitched slightly. There was a fluctuation in the Gate of Holy Power? It shouldn’t be that there was an existence that the Book of Enlightenment rejected among the people or things that passed, right?

Kaedo had no problems. His three attendants looked like pure Muyas from the outside. There was no problem. Does that mean that something triggered the counterattack of the Fire Wall or the Sun Guardian, as a result, the Gate of Holy Power was a little unstable?

At the thought of this, the purple-robed bishop waved his hand. Below him, more than 2,000 pious believers of Muya turned to ashes. All of their life power fused with the holy power and replenished it.

In an instant, the fluctuating holy power door stabilized again.

In the next moment, Bunet led his men through. There were only 10,000 of the 60,000 pious believers in front of the second Holy Temple. It was mainly because the fifth brigade was relatively weak. The brigade behind consumed more power, so there were more believers who needed to be sacrificed.

“Next combat brigade.”

Xu Tui broke out in a cold sweat when the voice of the purple-robed Bishop, Klens, rang out. He could clearly sense that the moment he stepped into the door of holy power, the entire holy power had a repulsive aura toward him.

It was only when he quickly activated the power in the Myriad Thoughts holy token in time, especially when he used the holy power to fuse with his mind power, that the repulsive force slowly dissipated.

Xu Tui was shocked.

There were stars in the door of holy power, and the light was like a shooting star.

It was a little similar to a quantum teleportation channel, but not quite.

Due to the repulsion he felt previously, Xu Tui no longer used his mental perception to sense it. Instead, he obediently waited for the teleportation to end. The feeling of time during the teleportation process was extremely weak.

Everything was a little like stagnation or extreme speed. It felt like an hour had passed, but it also felt like a minute. Suddenly, the white light in front of him dissipated. The first thing Xu Tui saw was the glaring sun.

They had arrived in the solar system.

He landed!

This was a planet with a pleasant environment. However, Xu Tui smelled a strong stench of blood the moment he landed. At the same time, another face that Xu Tui remembered deeply appeared in front of him.

The commander of the Muyas in the solar system, the human-headed Golden Pterodactyl, Darak! He had been welcoming Xu Tui, but he was surprised when he saw that Xu Tui was only a quasi-planet.

Xu Tui was also shocked when he saw Darak. However, he immediately adjusted his mentality. His emotional fluctuations were normal. After all, he had just arrived in the solar system. Then, Commander Bunet arrived. Darak, who had a surprised expression, stepped forward to welcome him. He was a little uncertain about Xu Tui’s identity.

It was obvious that Bunet and Darak knew each other. After some small talk, the way Darak looked at Xu Tui had changed. He came over to see Xu Tui again and got to know Xu Tui, who is Officiant Kaedo.

After a hasty exchange, Xu Tui used the excuse of being alert and observing to see the style of the solar system as an excuse to rise into the air. When the 4th Combat Brigade began to teleport over, he observed his surroundings.

The first thing he saw was a sloppy Holy Temple. However, the statue worshiped in the open Holy Temple was emitting a rich holy light at this moment. However, there was a bloody light that could not be hidden in the holy light.

In the next moment, Xu Tui was shocked.

Corpse!

There were thousands of corpses in the square behind the Holy Temple. He scanned these corpses with his mind power and knew that they were Blue Star humans. The vital points on the bodies of these Blue Star humans were all cut open. Under the activation of the secret technique, blood gathered at the statue in the Holy Temple.

There was also a large number of Origin Crystals gathered in the blood around the statue to provide energy to the statue.

Xu Tui was shocked and furious. The Muyas had actually obtained so many Blue Star humans and sacrificed them.

It was so…!

In his shock and anger, Xu Tui forced himself to calm down.

At the previous speed, the Solar System Expeditionary Force would be able to complete the teleportation in 40 minutes to an hour at most.

Xu Tui had to confirm the location of the planet in front of him before Seven Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses like Xiliu De and Dylin arrived. Then, he would give a warning.

He had to warn Cai Shaochu!

He had to warn the Blue Star humans!

Xu Tui flew unhurriedly in the sky. He looked down and observed the characteristics of this planet.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui was stunned. Why did this planet look so familiar? He seemed to have been here before! At the same time, an indescribable palpitation suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s heart. The source of the palpitation was the sky.

Xu Tui instinctively turned around and looked at the sky. When he looked, he instinctively closed his eyes. His eyes were almost blinded! The sun hanging high in the sky flashed without any warning.

Two words suddenly surged into Xu Tui’s mind—Sun Guardian!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1