Chapter 1398 - 1398: Heavy Losses

Chapter 1398: Heavy Losses

Translator: Henyee Translations      Editor: Henyee Translations

Cai Shaochu brought Anlevich, Li Qingping, Ruan Tianzuo, Erera, and the others to retreat as they fought. They retreated to the fork in the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star. Several people lined up and stared in the direction of the Water Origin Palace.

In the Water Origin Palace, the commander-in-chief of the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force, Dylin, stared at the retreating Cai Shaochu. He then looked at the survivors behind him. His eyes were about to spew fire.

They had suffered heavy losses from this ambush.

“Commander-in-chief, the Spiritual Race should have come to save us. They are attacking the Earth Origin Palace. That’s why the experts of the Blue Star Human Race retreated. Should we pursue them?” Darak stepped forward and asked for instructions. He had fought an extremely aggrieved battle.

Originally, they had an extreme advantage in strength. However, because they were ambushed by the Blue Star humans, they first used the three-phase thermal explosive to cause chaos and suffered heavy losses.

With his ferocity, he was extremely anxious to get back at them. Dylin looked at Bishop Xiliude. This Bishop’s opinion was very important.

“You are the commander-in-chief. You can decide on the strategy,” Bishop Xiliude said.

He did not confirm it, nor did he reject it. To be able to climb to his current high position, he was extremely experienced in this area. He already understood Bishop Xiliude’s opinion. He also guessed the reason,

Coupled with the performance of Bishop Xiliude in the previous battle, it should be because his injuries had not recovered.

Under such circumstances, there was no point in chasing. More importantly, the ambush just now had allowed Dylin to discover a huge hidden danger. If this hidden danger was not eliminated, the situation they faced in the future would only be worse.

“Defend the Water Origin Palace first. We’ll take action when the situation is completely clear. Many people need to recuperate and recover.” As Dylin made his decision, he looked at Darak. “Darak, I need detailed information on all your subordinates. At the same time, I will gather them one by one and talk to them.’

Darak was stunned, then immediately reacted. His expression instantly became agitated.

A private conversation!

This was suspicion! He was suspecting that there was a traitor among his subordinates.

In an instant, Darak was furious. Their advance team had risked their lives in the solar system. More than 50% of their members had died in battle before they could achieve their current results. However, they did not expect the expeditionary army to suspect their loyalty.

How could Darak not be angry? He had not even rewarded him for his contribution, yet he was already suspecting him!

However, Dylin’s status and strength were there. He was not allowed to resist. Darak looked at the only person he could ask for help now, Bishop Xiliude.

“Sir, my subordinates have narrowly escaped death! Over the past year, they have been risking their lives to deal with the Blue Star humans here! Every one of them is a true warrior who has been through hundreds of battles. Such a warrior should not be suspected!” Darak was extremely aggrieved.

Bishop Xiliude looked at Dylin, then at Darak. Although he wanted to support Darak, the idea of prioritizing the big picture still had the upper hand. “A day later, all the Planetary realm experts in the expeditionary army and all of Darak’s subordinates will be interrogated. I will personally observe with my mind power.”

This was a compromise. It was a necessary procedure for finding the traitor. But including the Planetary realms of the expeditionary army as suspects could allow Darak and his subordinates to feel a little more balanced.

They were not just suspecting them. Instead, they were reviewing all those who knew about it.

“Alright, we’ll follow the bishop’s instructions and count the losses

At the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star, Cai Shaochu and the others heaved a sigh of relief when they saw that the Muyas did not charge out. If the Muyas took the opportunity to attack, they would definitely fall into a bitter battle. Or perhaps, they could only defend the Wood Origin Palace.

It was very troublesome.

After confirming that the Muyas did not kill their way out, Erera said and quickly flashed towards the Earth Origin Palace.

It was safest for Erera to walk around the Earth Origin Palace. Five minutes later, there was news from the Earth Origin Palace. As Haren, Ullr and the others returned, the Spiritual Race did not pester them much and retreated.

However, three quasi-planetary experts and one Planetary realm expert had died in battle. The losses were still acceptable.

Cai Shaochu also retreated to the Wood Origin Palace after bringing the corpses.

In this battle, they picked up a total of six corpses of Planetary realm powerhouses from the Muya people. The most powerful one was a Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, one Three Satellites, three Two Satellites, and two One Satellites.

It could be considered a heavy blow to the Muyas. Moreover, that might not be all. A small number of Muyas who had died in battle were vaporized without a corpse. There were 22 quasi-planetary corpses and only 31 Transmutation Realm corpses.

However, there were definitely more Transmutation Realm experts among the Muyas that were killed. This was because more Transmutation Realm experts were vaporized.

After counting the corpses, Li Qingping looked at Cai Shaochu expectantly.

“Principal, can you distribute more than 30 grams of Soul Crystals and Blood Crystals to me this time?

Cai Shaochu was amused when he heard that. “You’re going to break through?”

“I feel that I’m just one step away!”

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu laughed out loud. Li Qingping was about to break through to the Five Satellites Planetary realm. This was good news. The Five Satellites Planetary realm was considered a watershed. His strength had entered the mid to high-level Planetary realm.

A Five Satellites Planetary realm would be able to resist a Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse. Moreover, Li Qingping was good at defense. This time, the Huaxia Sector had another backbone.

“Of course, but I’ll give it to you after the families split the corpses.”

“Thank you, Principal.”

“There’s no need to thank me. You deserve it.”

While they were talking, Cai Shaochu’s assistant walked over and handed him a secret message. “Principal, An Xiaoxue has an urgent message.”

Cai Shaochu took it and glanced at it. A mysterious smile appeared on his face. This kid was really bold. However, this strategic arrangement was too strong.

In the Water Origin Palace, Bishop Xiliude and Commander-in-chief Dylin’s expressions darkened as they looked at the battle reports that had just been completed. The losses were heavy.

A total of eight Planetary realm powerhouses died in battle. It had decreased from 39 to 31.32 quasi-planets had died in battle. More than a quarter of them had died in battle. 117 Transmutation Realm experts were dead. Most of the losses of Transmutation Realm experts were killed by the wave of three-phase thermal bombs.

In just a few hours, the Muya Solar System Expeditionary Force had already suffered two critical hits. The first time was the critical hit of the Sun Guardian, and the second time was the ambush of the Blue Star humans.

This was a huge blow to morale.

From this point of view, Bishop Xiliude’s decision not to pursue was wise and correct.

“Let’s go. Let’s pray together and tell our Lord that we have brought his light to the solar system. One day, we will spread the glory of the Lord throughout the entire solar system!” As Bishop Xiliude spoke, he had already led the expeditionary army towards the statue in another hall in the Water Origin

Palace.

The statue was ten meters tall and held the Book of Enlightenment in his hand. It was holy and mysterious.

This was built by Darak.

As Bishop Xiliude led the expeditionary army and began to pray, an inexplicable peace began to spread throughout the entire expeditionary army. It continuously dispersed the fear that the two rounds of critical hit brought to the expeditionary army.

The ferocity on many people’s faces gradually dissipated.

Seeing this, Commander-in-chief Dylin heaved a sigh of relief. Even in the solar system, the glory of the Lord was still dazzling and great. As long as this prayer continued for a few days, the state of the expeditionary army would completely recover.

In the Earth Origin Palace, after the Spiritual Race retreated, the joy of Haren, Itavi, Augusto, and the others was obvious. This time, they had won!

It was a true victory!

At the same time, it was also a review of the Blue Star’s own strength. This meant that as long as the Blue Star could be united, they still had the ability to deal with the forces of either side, even if reinforcements arrived.

In the Wood Origin Palace, after Cai Shaochu made emergency arrangements and handed over the command to Li Qingping, he personally brought Pei Tiefeng and Xie Qing and silently left the Wood Origin Palace.

However, when he left the Wood Origin Palace and was in the cosmic tunnel, Cai Shaochu used the Escape Formula. The huge ‘escape’ word instantly appeared at the exit of the cosmic tunnel of Ceres Star with the three of them.

It left in a flash.

The reason why Cai Shaochu left like this was because the ambush just now had caused the forces in the four Origin Palaces, be it the Blue Star humans or the Muyas, to take the movements of the cosmic tunnel extremely seriously.

It was almost to the point where they sent people to keep an eye on the movements in the cosmic tunnel.

It was mainly because Cai Shaochu did not want to attract too much attention. Even if the Spiritual Race or the Muyas knew that a few Planetary realm experts had left the Wood Origin Palace, they would still figure out who had left and not dare to act on their own.

However, Cai Shaochu’s actions had hidden from the Muyas and the Spiritual Race. They could not determine who had left, but he could not hide from the Blue Star humans.

Five minutes later, in the Earth Origin Palace, after discovering that someone had left through the cosmic tunnel, Itavi, Raymont, Haren, and the others began to investigate through various methods.

The Wood Origin Palace also had the power of their alliances. Soon, they found out about the situation.

Cai Shaochu left with a total of four Planetary realm experts? What did he go to

“Mr. Raymont, how do you think Cai Shaochu accurately ambushed the Muya Expeditionary Force this time?” Itavi suddenly asked, implying something.

After being stunned for a few seconds, Raymont revealed a meaningful smile. “Someone tipped Cai Shaochu off?”

Itavi nodded noncommittally. “Then tell me, what did Cai Shaochu leave Ceres Star for?”

Hearing this, Raymont smiled. ‘Mr. Itavi, what do you think?”

“I want to follow them and take a look.”

“Together?” “Together!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1