Chapter 1400 - 1400: You Only Have Three Minutes

Chapter 1400: You Only Have Three Minutes

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the fortress of the cosmic tunnel of the Karsnai asteroid, the six Planetary realm experts of the fifth combat brigade were repairing the fortress of the cosmic tunnel with 20 quasi-planets and 60 Transmutation Realm experts.

Of course, they were only the supervisors. The ones who participated in the repairing were the 100 captives who controlled the various engineering machines on the Blue Star.

Repairing the defense fortress was a huge project for the Muyas without the participation of large machines.

As the commander of the 5th Combat Brigade, Mr. Bunet, was not here all the time, Bunet appointed an adjutant to command the people for him when he was not here.

Of course, it was only an emergency.

In a day, Bunet would not be here for more than two hours. There were not that many coincidences in this world. The people who were appointed as adjutants were not the other two Four Satellites Planetary realm powerhouses, but the Three Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Gakens.

The main reason why he was appointed as an adjutant was that he was the officiant. Among the Muyas, the clergy of the temple were naturally superior and more convincing.

At this moment, Gakens was looking down at the entire cosmic fortress without any expression. He was not interested in the position of an adjutant. He was actually a little depressed.

Under normal circumstances, with his status as an officiant at the Planetary realm, he should be staying in the temporary Holy Temple base at this moment and praying to the Lord with a group of captive believers.

As the officiant, he could also obtain insignificant benefits while the other believers were praying.

This benefit was very little for a single person. It was so little that it was negligible.

However, he could accumulate it.

When the number of people had increased, and the time had increased, the cultivation speed there would also be much faster than his own cultivation, especially in terms of mind power and holy power.

Unfortunately, his limelight had been snatched away by Officiant Kaedo.

However, because Bishop Xiliude valued him, he could not snatch it away.

In the end, Xu Tui stayed where he wanted to stay, while he could only stay at the frontline.

That’s right. This defensive fortress that led to the cosmic tunnel was definitely the frontline.

Not far away, the other five Planetary realm experts were gathered together and chatting. They kept sizing up the group of Blue Star captives.

There were only two questions they were discussing. Which Blue Star captives tasted better? Which Blue Star females were more energetic and suited their taste?

The Planetary realm experts had already chosen their targets- They were

prepared to give it a try after the basic defense was completely completed. They had to abide by the basic orders.

This scene made Gakens speechless. These guys who had fused with the Sacred Blood were always so low-level. However, it was undeniable that the Muyas who had fused with the Sacred Blood were stronger in strength and cultivation speed.

Currently, there were six Planetary realm experts stationed at the temporary fortress. Two of them were Four Satellites Planetary realm experts, two were Three Satellites Planetary realm experts, one was Two Satellites Planetary realm expert, and one was One Satellite Planetary realm expert.

In terms of strength, they were rather strong.

When the defense fortress was repaired, if Lord Bunet was still guarding here, they would be able to resist even if double the number of enemies came.

However, according to the current restoration plan, it would take at least five days to form a preliminary defense system that was in line with the Muya power system.

It would take at least half a month to form a complete defense system and achieve a perfect defense effect.

“Half a month should be… very fast…” Gakens muttered.

What Gakens did not know was that at this moment, two groups of people had already gathered at the node of the cosmic tunnel of the Karsnai asteroid from different directions.

On one side, Cai Shaochu was leading four Planetary realm experts, including Pei Tiefeng. On the other side, An Xiaoxue was leading a team.

The elites of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had come in droves.

There were a total of six Planetary realm powerhouses from the Worldly

Pioneer Raiders who had come to participate in the battle. They were Yin Liu, Yin Ba, Diwu Hui, Diliu Xiaoshu, Lavis, and Bu Qingqiu. There were even more quasi-planetary powerhouses.

An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, Yan Xuejin, Luo Murong, Yanzi, Li Zheng, Dai Lijun, Yin Wushu, and Yin Liulong. Other than them, there were also the other four quasi-planets of the Mechanical Spirit Race and three quasi-planets of the Fission Race.

There were a total of 18 quasi-planets.

Dai Lijun and Li Zheng had just broken through to the quasi-planetary realm in the two months since Xu Tui left. It could not be helped. The cultivation effect of Planet Peach was too strong. It was five to six times more effective than the Planet Kono, which had the best cultivation effect on the Blue Star. It was about eight times more effective than other planets.

Cui Xi and the others seemed to be one step away from breaking through.

Cai Shaochu was not surprised by the men An Xiaoxue had brought. Before this, Cai Shaochu had some understanding of them. However, Pei Tiefeng and Xie Qing were shocked. They looked at the group of people in a daze. Their expressions were simply…

Six Planetary realms, 18 quasi-planetary realms, and the strongest Planetary realm was a Four Satellites Planetary realm. This strength was far stronger than the Africa Sector of the Blue Star. This was not counting Xu Tui’s abnormal combat strength. When did Xu Tui develop such a powerful force?

Cai Shaochu ignored the shock of the others. After communicating with An Xiaoxue, he began to arrange tactics. A few minutes ago, Xu Tui had already told An Xiaoxue the details of the strength of the Muyas in the defense fortress of the cosmic tunnel of the Karsnai asteroid.

Currently, the strongest peak-level Five Satellites Planetary realm was not around. There were only six Planetary realms. The strongest were the two Four Satellites Planetary realms.

If the Five Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Bunet, was not around, it meant that Cai Shaochu, a Six Satellites Planetary realm, had crushing strength against the other party’s Planetary realm after killing his way in.

There were ten Planetary realm experts here. They could instantly form a huge advantage. There was not much difference in the number of quasi-planets. The only troublesome thing was the 60 -strong Transmutation Realm of the

Muyas.

One or two Transmutation Realm experts could not cause them any harm, but three to five people could kill a quasi-planetary expert or even threaten a Planetary realm expert.

However, this was not difficult for Cai Shaochu. He quickly calmed down the ambush plan.

“Alright, adjust your state and prepare for your strongest attack. Three seconds later, I will tear open the energy defense they set up and charge forward!” Cai Shaochu ordered.

“Three!” “Two!”

“One!”

At the same time, Cai Shaochu was like a human-shaped meteor. He rushed into the node of the cosmic tunnel of the Karsnai asteroid and crashed into the energy defense set up by the Muyas.

It was instantly broken by Cai Shaochu.

The moment this energy defense was broken through, shock appeared in the eyes of Officiant Gakens. This energy defense was set up by him and Commander Bunet. As long as someone touched it, he and the commander would sense it at the same time.

But at this moment, Commander Bunet was not around!

“Enemy attack!” Officiant Gakens screamed the word, but in the next moment, the word stopped. As soon as the word ‘suppress’ fall, his screams stopped. At the same time, his head exploded!

The attack of the Six Satellites Planetary realm powerhouse, Cai Shaochu, was terrifying. It was only at this moment that the other Muyas reacted. They roared and pounced onto the battlefield.

However, the moment they pounced on the enemy, they realized that there seemed to be a difference in strength between the enemy and themselves. The difference in numbers was not great, but in terms of strength, the leader had instantly killed Officiant Gakens in one strike. It was really terrifying.

According to the previous plan, Pei Tiefeng, Diwu Hui, and the other powerful

Planetary realm experts would directly face these five Planetary realm experts. The other four Planetary realm experts charged into the group of Muya Transmutation Realm experts like tigers entering a flock of sheep.

Even Cai Shaochu used the word ‘suppress’ at this moment and blasted in the direction where there were most Muya Transmutation Realm experts. What would the consequences be if a Planetary realm powerhouse fought a Transmutation Realm powerhouse?

A massacre!

There was no doubt that it would be a massacre.

What would happen when a Six Satellites Planetary realm expert attacked?

It was a great massacre!

Just 30 seconds later, the two Planetary realm powerhouses who were fighting Pei Tiefeng and Diwu Hui were shocked.

The Blue Star humans were too powerful. This was especially so for Cai Shaochu’s aura. It made them highly suspect that they might also be instantly killed. What made them even more desperate was that the enemy’s advantage was constantly expanding.

When the enemy killed most of the Transmutation Realm experts, they would surround and annihilate them.

In an instant, these two Planetary realm powerhouses wanted to retreat. There was no need to persist in a battle where he would definitely die. However, in the next moment, a huge ‘fix’ word suddenly landed on someone’s head.

This huge word instantly made him feel as if he had fallen into a swamp. His movements became extremely slow. He could only watch as Pei Tiefeng shattered his head.

The other Planetary realm cultivator saw this and instantly turned to escape. But Cai Shaochu appeared on his escape path and crashed into him in a flash. No, it should be said that he had crashed into a huge ‘fix’ word.

In the next moment, Pei Tiefeng, who had nothing to do, instantly flashed over and shot him in the head. With the help of Cai Shaochu, Pei Tiefeng, and the others, the other three Muya Planetary realm experts had no way out.

Thirty seconds later, the battle between Planetary realm powerhouses ended.

After killing the Planetary realm experts, Pei Tiefeng looked at the quasi-planetary experts who were still fighting. He was eager to try, but he was stopped by Cai Shaochu. “One by one, the rest of you, retreat!”

Under Cai Shaochu’s orders, each of the quasi-planetary experts of the Worldly Pioneer Raiders had an opponent. Only An Xiaoxue was floating in the air. He had no choice. An Xiaoxue was too strong. She had already killed three quasi-planetary experts alone.

Cai Shaochu suddenly felt that he should leave a Planetary realm powerhouse for An Xiaoxue to train.

However, it was a little late to kill them all.

“You only have three minutes. If you can’t kill your opponent within three minutes, we will attack.”

Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded. Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, Luo Murong, and the others, who had received the opportunity to train, became anxious.

At the same time, in the temporary Holy Temple base, Bunet anxiously brought Xu Tui, a Planetary realm cultivator who was staying behind, and five other quasi-planets towards the cosmic tunnel’s defense fortress..

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as

$1

!

Remove Ads From $1