Chapter 9 - The Generator Theory

Chapter 9: The Generator Theory

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Today was the day that the students would fill out their college preference forms.

Several things had drastically transformed in the Great Genetic Age.

Students in kindergarten, elementary school, middle school, and high school had winter and summer breaks. Only third-year students who had finished their Genetic Exams did not.

...

The students who were administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir would enter a continuous enhancement phase for the next three months.

According to the differences in an individual’s talents and genes, their training intensity, and training program, they would activate a certain number of Genetic Base Points over the next months.

Individual geniuses who had advantages in terms of resources could even activate a systematic group of Genetic Base Points during these three months and become a Genetic Liberator.

These three months were extremely important to the students who had just completed the Genetic Exams.

Even if they did not have many resources to use, the residual effects of being administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir would also enhance their abilities to a certain extent.

The various Genetic Evolution Colleges would naturally not waste these precious three months.

The country did not allow them to.

After the Genetic Exams, based on the requests of the Huaxia Genetic Committee and the Huaxia Ministry of Education, students had to fill up their college preference forms within 12 hours.

The various genetic evolution colleges had to complete the admission-related tasks and publish the final reports within 36 hours.

The relevant departments of the various minutes had one day to produce admission letters and release them to the students.

From the fourth day onward, students could start to set off and report to their genetic evolution colleges.

Usually, new students would report to their respective colleges in three days. It wouldn’t take more than five days even for students in the most faraway regions.

The schedule was very tight.

Thus, even though Xu Tui was not feeling the most energetic, he still headed toward school after breakfast.

This made it such that Xu Tui had no opportunity to enter the illusory introspective state through meditation to see if what he did to the gray spot was a success.

However, he perceived a different sensation toward his surroundings ever since he woke up this morning.

Objectively, it felt as though his surroundings had become more vibrant and lifelike.

Even the mosquitoes that had survived a few waves of attempting genetic extermination looked extremely realistic and lifelike.

Xu Tui was clear that this was not an outcome of his enhanced vision from being administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir.

Xu Tui suddenly realized the source of this strange sensation when he reached school and arrived at the door of Yu Zeping’s office.

Xu Tui had arrived quite late in the morning. However, not many students were filling up their college preference forms with the homeroom teacher.

The deadline for filling up their college preferences was eight in the evening. Many students were still researching which genetic evolution colleges they should enroll in at home.

There were not people who were like Xu Tui, who had not many choices.

It was just as Professor An Xiaoxue had asked.

There was a bump on Xu Tui’s head.

But there were no holes.

The door to Yu Zeping’s rather small office was tightly shut.

Xu Tui suddenly froze when he raised his hand and was about to knock on the door. His arm was suspended in the air.

The door was still closed. However, the scene in the room appeared clearly within Xu Tui’s mind.

Cheng Mo was filling up the college preference form in front of Yu Zeping. He was filling out the form very smoothly.

There was no hesitation.

After filling out the form, he handed it over to Yu Zeping for inspection.

Strangely, Xu Tui saw the college choices Cheng Mo indicated before Yu Zeping.

Huaxia Genetic Evolution College

Huaxia Genetic Evolution College

Huaxia Genetic Evolution College

The three choices were identical.

Xu Tui was shocked.

He was not shocked because Cheng Mo had written the same college for every choice.

He was shocked as he managed to “see” Cheng Mo’s choices even though he was still outside. The form was blocked by the door and walls, as well as Cheng Mo’s body.

In the office, Yu Zeping’s brows furrowed. His slightly stained teeth and the aroma of cigarettes wafting from between his fingers appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

That was a cigarette!

However, the radius he could “see” was limited to just after the chair the homeroom teacher was sitting on. He suddenly could not see anything past the chair.

‘Is this the ability I obtained after I activated the 14 Mystery Branch Genetic Base Points? Or is this a new ability I got from yesterday night’s reckless actions?’ Xu Tui wondered.

People could accept the existence of any kind of abilities in the Great Genetic Age.

What was more important was where the ability came from.

The sounds of the interaction between the two people in the room rang out.

“Are you sure that you want to put ‘Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’ for all your choices? You’ll be at an extreme disadvantage if you can’t get in,” Yu Zeping counseled Cheng Mo.

“Teacher, my family researched it the entire night. We feel that only by enrolling into the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, which is the college at the forefront of genetic research, could we transform the glutton genes that I activated from something useless into a treasure. It’ll solve my current problem.” It was rare for Cheng Mo to be this serious.

Since it was an outcome of the deep thought put in by Cheng Mo and his family, Yu Zeping had nothing more to say. He only added, “Then tick on the option to accept the Automatic Dosage Allocation. You’ll at least have an option if you fail to get in.”

“Thank you, Teacher.”

Cheng Mo saw Xu Tui when he got out of the office. He smiled and greeted Xu Tui. Xu Tui was shocked.

“Mozi, how much did you eat when you got back yesterday? Why do I feel like you’ve grown considerably fatter in the one night I have not seen you?”

Cheng Mo laughed.

“I had nine meals from the time I reached home until now. My mother said that I consumed half a month’s worth of the rations we had at home.”

There was an indescribable bitterness within his laugh.

“I don’t want to, but I’m so hungry…”

Xu Tui did not know how to console Cheng Mo.

“Wait for me to come out.” Xu Tui patted Cheng Mo’s shoulder.

Cheng Mo nodded after a moment’s hesitation.

Xu Tui observed the office the moment he entered Yu Zeping’s office.

“Are you hungry?” Yu Zeping looked outside the door with a melancholic expression.

There were students like Cheng Mo every year.

The Genetic Liberation Elixir provided students with extraordinary abilities and potential for development.

However, some of the side effects would torture the students for life.

‘Three meters!’

Xu Tui ignored Yu Zeping and reached a conclusion.

The radius of his ability to sense things happening inside the office through the wall while he was standing outside seemed to be roughly three meters.

This was rather similar to the X-ray vision that Xu Tui wanted to have.

However, this was not X-ray vision.

That was because Xu Tui could still “see” what he saw when he was closing his eyes.

It had nothing to do with vision.

Xu Tui had tested it out before he entered the office.

YU Zeping looked at Xu Tui as if he had developed a mental disorder. Under that gaze, Xu Tui sat in front of Yu Zeping and fetched a college preference form.

He filled it out quickly.

He signed it, put on his fingerprint, and handed it over to Yu Zeping.

“Huaxia Genetic Evolution College… It’s this option for the three choices again. Did you discuss this with Cheng Mo?”

“Teacher, I checked it out. The Mystery Branch is rare, but the Enlightened Mind Type of the Mystery Branch is even rarer. Furthermore, the ability is quite useless and seems to be only decent for research.”

“The school of Enlightened Mind for most of the genetic evolution colleges in the country are either half-dead or not progressing. Some don’t even have an associate professor, much less a professor. That’s the case for the Jincheng Prefecture Genetic Evolution College.”

“On the other hand, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College walks at the forefront of the Mystery Branch research. They are not only leading in Huaxia but also in the Huaya Sector and the entire Blue Star Alliance.”

“If an Enlightened Mind Type like me wishes to have any development, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College has to be the best choice. There’s no contest.”

Xu Tui thought about An Xiaoxue’s words when he reached this point. As long as he had no holes in his brain…

Yu Zeping let out a slight sigh after he accepted the college preference form. “All of you are good, opinionated children. It’s a good thing if you really got accepted into Huaxia Genetic Evolution College with Cheng Mo. You’ll be able to take care of each other. He scanned the form and added, “Are you going to tick on the Automatic Dosage Allocation?”

Xu Tui nodded gently.

“All right. That’ll do. I’ll wish you a bright future in advance.”

The atmosphere suddenly became rigid.

Xu Tui and Yu Zeping did not say another word.

They were afraid that tears would fall if they said anything more.

The knocks outside the door broke the heavy atmosphere.

Xu Tui stood up and gave Yu Zeping a deep bow. He then left the office.

Outside the door, Xu Tui quickly wiped his eyes with his sleeves to avoid being teased by Cheng Mo.

Inside the door, Yu Zeping rubbed his eyes with his yellow-stained fingers.

…

The campus was empty. Cheng Mo found a corner and sat down with Xu Tui.

“Where did you apply to?”

“The same as you.”

“Huaxia Genetic Evolution College?”

“It’s said that the Enlightened Mind Type of the Mystery Branch is very useless. The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, which runs at the forefront of the Mystery Branch, might be able to give me some developmental chances,” Xu Tui explained.

“I also hope to solve my problem.”

Cheng Mo’s stomach suddenly rumbled as if to fit the scene. They made Cheng Mo’s expression turn bitter. There was even a little bit of fear in his eyes.

“You’re hungry again?”

Cheng Mo let out a bitter smile. “Little Tui, do you know? I don’t mind becoming the king of gluttons. However, I don’t want to be 300 pounds, then 500 pounds, and then the size of the mountain… I want to find a girlfriend and get into a serious relationship.”

“Didn’t you tell us that you’ve been in a romantic relationship in the past?”

“That was a crush. I wrote her three love letters. She ignored me.”

“It’s all right. I heard that college is a paradise for relationships.”

“But have you ever seen a girl who likes a 500-pound fatso who has to eat nine meals a day?” Cheng Mo, who was leaning against Xu Tui’s body, suddenly cried. “Little Tui, I haven’t realized the terror of activating the Genetic Base Points in my stomach yesterday…”

Xu Tui didn’t interrupt Cheng Mo. He just let him speak.

“However, I realized that after I returned home yesterday, I can’t just be described as a rice bucket after I activated the Genetic Base Points in my stomach… I am a food-consuming monster! I’ve eaten so much that I scared myself…”

Xu Tui patted Cheng Mo’s back.

“Do you know? My mum still made delicious meals for me at the start, but she got tired after that. Their faces as they looked at me while I was manically eating were filled with fear…”

Cheng Mo shook his head.

“I grew five pounds heavier last night. My dad said that if there’s no other way, I could go remove parts of my stomach. We could remove 95% of my stomach…”

“Little Tui, I’m afraid…”

A handsome 1.8-meter-tall man started crying while leaning on Xu Tui’s shoulder.

Xu Tui hugged Cheng Mo’s head. He did not know what to say.

Xu Tui was very far away from the skill tree of consoling people.

“Mozi, don’t be afraid. The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College might be able to solve our problems. There might be unexpected benefits to your situation.”

Cheng Mo sniffed.

“Who knows, a king of gluttons like you might become extremely powerful in the future.”

“Stop lying to me…”

“Why would I lie to you? Look at it this way. From the anatomy of the human body, the stomach is like a generator,” Xu Tui began to explain. “Currently, you activating the Genetic Base Points in your stomach is like you being equipped with a generator with immense horsepower. It does require more fuel, but it has stronger horsepower. It is just that you have not found a way to use this stronger horsepower. You’ll immediately become extremely powerful when you find it.”

Cheng Mo looked up at Xu Tui.

He froze.

Xu Tui’s theory seemed to make sense.

“Why haven’t I read about these theories even though I’ve also read about modern human anatomy?”

“I read a few advanced research papers when I was free.”

Xu Tui was not flustered at all while he was lying.

This theory was something he developed himself when he was going through the illusory introspection last night.

“It does make sense…”

…

Xu Tui and Cheng Mo wanted to wait for Tang Ting to see which genetic evolution college he would enroll in.

However, they didn’t manage to catch him after waiting an hour. Cheng Mo and Xu Tui decided to part ways.

It was harder for Tang Ting to make a choice based on the direction of his current Genetic Base Points.

Also, Cheng Mo was hungry.

He could no longer stand his hunger.

And that was after he ate a dozen bags of snacks.

After treating Cheng Mo to a luxurious fast-food meal, Xu Tui prepared to get onto a maglev public transport and return home.

Xu Tui wanted to head home quickly to meditate and enter the illusory introspective state. He wanted to see if the gray spot had lit up or not.

However, Xu Tui suddenly noticed something while he was waiting for the bus at the bus stop.

Someone might be tailing him.

Also, there might be more than one person following him.