Chapter 7 - Xu Tui’S Mystery Branch Ability

Chapter 7: Xu Tui’s Mystery Branch Ability

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

The comparison of Xu Tui’s blood sample taken before and after the administration of the Genetic Liberation Elixir showed that he had activated 14 Genetic Base Points.

Xu Tui, who had been a little dejected just now, immediately felt more energetic.

He vigorously stepped into the Mystery Branch Testing hall.

...

The results of the blood sample comparison were clear as day.

The 14 Genetic Base Points were objectively there.

He had already been tested negative for all of the tests in the Extreme Branch.

That meant that Xu Tui was guaranteed to be in the Mystery Branch.

Compared to the testing halls in the Extreme Branch that was equipped with a large number of testing equipment for the various Extreme Branch abilities, the Mystery Branch Testing Hall seemed much simpler.

Xu Tui had just stepped into the first room of the tunnel in the Mystery Branch Testing Hall, which was a Radiation Influence Type testing room, when an unknown gas enveloped him. Xu Tui became groggy.

It might have been a few seconds or perhaps a few minutes.

Xu Tui had a test report in his hands when he came to his senses.

“After the testing, it is determined that Xu Tui has not activated any Radiation Influence-type Genetic Base Points.”

The option was very thoroughly and quickly dismissed.

The most famous Radiation Influence-type ability of the Mystery Branch was mental disruption. It was more commonly called hypnotism.

Xu Tui shook his head and walked toward the Sensory Type testing room.

He entered the room quickly and left the room even faster.

It was still a negative test report.

Then, Xu Tui entered the Superb Type testing room of the Mystery Branch.

The Superb Type testing room was a straight tunnel with several weird items placed on both sides.

Xu Tui walked through the tunnel as requested but nothing happened.

Then, Xu Tui received another negative test report.

Xu Tui became flustered once again.

There are not many subsections of the Mystery Branch. According to the testing order, there should still be an Enlightened Mind testing room in front of him.

However, Xu Tui did not manage to find where the Enlightened Mind testing room was even after he walked once around the Mystery Branch Testing Hall.

Xu Tui was a little confused.

“Can I ask where the Enlightened Mind testing room is?” Xu Tui proactively asked the security personnel.

“The Enlightened Mind testing room is in Room 5.”

“Room 5?”

Xu Tui’s gaze scanned past the row of testing rooms in the Mystery Branch Testing Hall. He was still confused.

There was no Room 5.

“Outside,” the security personnel added.

“Outside?”

“It is Room 5 from Rooms 1 to 40 where you were administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir.”

Xu Tui froze.

That was quite unexpected.

It was a little startling.

The Mystery Branch had a strong reputation.

Why would the Enlightened Mind Type testing room not have its own room, but was instead merged with the rooms used to administer the Genetic Liberation Elixir?

That was not logical.

Xu Tui obediently walked out of the Mystery Branch Testing Hall and toward the Enlightened Mind Type testing room.

Coincidentally, it was the room where Xu Tui had been administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir.

“How is it?”

“Which type of the Mystery Branch are you exactly?”

“Are you a superb individual?”

Yu Zeping and a bunch of students gathered around Xu Tui when they saw him come out of the Testing Hall.

Xu Tui shook his head and pointed toward Room 5. He told them that he still had to go through one test. Yu Zeping and the rest of the students had a confused expression.

Why did he have to return to the room where he took his exam previously?

Did Xu Tui have to be administered with another elixir?

Xu Tui was also very frustrated.

If he was not an Enlightened Mind Type…

Xu Tui would have to consider the possibility that there was a mistake with his blood comparison report.

He had activated 14 Genetic Base Points but did not fit anywhere within the Extreme Branch or the Mystery Branch.

Xu Tui suddenly thought about an extremely terrifying possibility.

‘I would be dissected and examined by the Genetic Research Institute!’

After all, they might be able to find a new research direction if they dissected Xu Tui, wouldn’t they?

Xu Tui was very nervous.

He pressed on the doorbell and expressed his intentions. The people inside got Xu Tui to wait for a while.

A few minutes later, a student walked out of Room 5. The female researcher in Room 5 immediately shouted for Xu Tui to enter.

It was the same female researcher.

However, Xu Tui, who had failed every test so far, was already feeling a little scared.

“Hello. I’m here to test if I have activated any Enlightened Mind Type Genetic Base Points,” Xu Tui said.

“Your previous test report and your blood sample comparison report,” the female researcher said.

“Your blood sample comparison shows that you have activated 14 Genetic Base Points.” She looked at Xu Tui and continued, “It looks like you did not activate any Genetic Base Points relating to X-ray vision?”

The female researcher mentioned it again.

Xu Tui, who was worried about the future, no longer had the mood to blush. All he wanted to know was if he had activated any Enlightened Mind-type Genetic Base Points or not, as well as whether or not he would be dissected and studied on.

“Teacher, when would we begin the test?” Xu Tui asked.

“You’re so anxious?”

The female researcher, who was wearing a face mask, looked at Xu Tui’s handsome, tightly-scrunched face. She arched her slender brows. She must have smiled.

She then took out a card and wrote a few words on it. She then signed her name and placed a stamp on the card.

With a flick, the card landed accurately in Xu Tui’s hands.

“Yes, you activated 14 Genetic Base Points, and they are all Enlightened Mind Type. This is the final test report. It will be entered into the system immediately,” the female researcher explained.

“They are all Enlightened Mind Type?”

Xu Tui was still a little confused when he saw the test report.

He wasn’t tested at all, was he?

He at least felt a little faint during the Radiation Influence-type test.

He did not feel anything during this Enlightened Mind-type test before it was completed.

It was done just like that?

“Do you have any other questions?” The female researcher turned her head and looked toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui looked at the female researcher, then glanced toward the final test report in his hand. He felt a little faint.

“It’s done just like that?”

“I think… I didn’t go through any tests, right? What kind of tests do you want? Would it still be called the Mystery Branch if you can see through the tests?” the female researcher said.

Xu Tui froze.

That made sense.

Why would it be called the Mystery Branch otherwise?

“Then… Goodbye, Teacher.”

Xu Tui greeted politely and was about to leave.

“Wait.”

The female researcher suddenly stopped Xu Tui before he went out of the room.

“This is my name card. You can ask me any questions about the Enlightened Mind if you intend to enroll in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College,” she offered. “Don’t bother me if there’s no need to. I’ll blacklist you otherwise.”

The name card flew accurately into Xu Tui’s hand.

Xu Tui did not understand this special treatment.

He didn’t seem to have any friends and family of that kind.

Could this be because of the small interlude just now?

He felt that it was impossible after he thought about it.

The female researcher once again displayed her incredible skill of reading Xu Tui’s thoughts.

“Don’t overthink it. I gave you my name card mainly because the members of the school of Enlightened Mind…there are not many of them.” The female researcher shrugged her shoulders. Furthermore, as long as there are no holes in your brain, you’ll probably enroll in the school of Enlightened Mind of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. There are no holes in your brain, right?”

Xu Tui shook his head in a daze. He glanced at the name card: An Xiaoxue, Mystery Branch Institute of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Professor.

Professors… They were either old or middle-aged.

Even though he could not see her face, the female researcher’s voice and the youthful aura that she was exuding all suggested that she was not that old.

She was such a young professor. Furthermore, she was a professor from the best college in Huaxia, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

It was rather startling.

Xu Tui was not a fool.

Everything was possible in this Great Genetic Era where genes could be strengthened, mutated, or evolved.

He kept the name card and expressed his thanks, then left the room.

Xu Tui had just walked out of Room 5 when a bunch of students and Yu Zeping surrounded him.

They all stared at Xu Tui with an expecting gaze.

“How is it? Are you in the Mystery Branch?”

“Yes, it’s the Mystery Branch, 14 Genetic Base Points.” Xu Tui waved the final test report in his hand.

Cheng Mo, Tang Ting, and the rest of the students stepped forward and gathered around Xu Tui as they cheered.

They were elated.

It was as if they were in the Mystery Branch themselves.

All of the stress Xu Tu felt disappeared amidst the students’ smiles and laughter.

Xu Tui also smiled.

Yu Zeping also smiled when he witnessed the scene. However, there was an imperceptible bitterness behind his smile.

It might be the last time in their lives that these students would be smiling this happily…this innocently.

Yu Zeping stole a glance at Xu Tui’s final test report while the students were playing and tossing it around. The corner of his lips suddenly twitched.

To think that it is the Enlightened Mind Type…

As a man in the academe, Yu Zeping had some understanding of the mysterious Enlightened Mind Type.

The Enlightened Mind Type seemed to be more focused on research.

“Oh, yes, Little Tui. Just what exactly is the ability of your Mystery Branch?” Tang Ting suddenly asked.

In reality, Xu Tui was also considering that question.

“You should go register your final test report quickly now that you have gotten it. Collect the instructional guide of your respective ability after that,” Yu Zeping instructed Xu Tui. Then he turned to the others and said, “The same goes for the rest of you. You have to know that the three months after being administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir is the time when you will experience constant enhancement. You must not be tardy during these three months.”

From this point on, Yu Zeping got into a nagging mode.

“You have to adhere to the instructional guide strictly from tomorrow until the time you report to your college a few days later. You must start training based on the direction of your Genetic Base Points. It’ll all depend on you.”

Yu Zeping’s tone suddenly became a little choked. It caused two female students to tear up after they heard him.

“You can cry, but we’ll still have to see each other when you fill up your college preferences tomorrow. Go quickly. Don’t waste time. You must not miss a day of training from now on.”

Following Yu Zeping’s instructions, the students ran toward their respective reporting points for their Genetic Base Points to get their instructional guides.

The rest of the students had to join a queue.

The Mystery Branch that Xu Tui headed to had no line.

The instructional guide of the Enlightened Mind Type was thin, extremely thin.

Other than a general summary of the Enlightened Mind, the guide did not provide him with any way to train his ability.

Of course, Xu Tui still did not know what his Mystery Branch ability really was, other than the faint metallic stench of blood in his mouth.

Xu Tui still had many doubts in his heart even after he got out of the Genetic Research Institute.

He also felt indescribable pressure.

He did not wait for Cheng Mo, Tang Ting, and the rest of the students who were still queueing and went home alone.

Xu Tui mulled over a question along the way: Just what was the ability of the 14 Mystery Branch Genetic Base Points he activated?

Xu Tui did not have an answer even after he reached home.

He looked at the name card of the female professor, An Xiaoxue. Xu Tui fought back the urge to call her.

Of course, it wouldn’t have helped if he called her.

She was still presiding over the examination in the Genetic Research Institute. Her communication device must still be turned off.

Xu Tui returned home safely.

Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli were extremely happy.

A parent had received news of their child experiencing a genetic breakdown in the afternoon. The parents’ group chat had exploded.

Xu Tui activating 14 Genetic Base Points that were all from the Mystery Branch was not as important.

Of course, Xu Jianguo was surprised when he heard that the Genetic Base Points that Xu Tui activated were from the Mystery Branch Enlightened Mind Type.

Xu Tui returned to his room not long after he finished his meal.

He tapped gently on his communication device, and a virtual keyboard projection appeared on his study table.

Xu Tui preferred using the keyboard projection to the voice input function.

Xu Tui quickly searched the web for information using a variety of search engines.

Unfortunately, the current Internet had reached an indescribable level of power and convenience. However, the censorship of information had also reached an unprecedented level.

It was especially so for sensitive information.

To put it simply, the information regarding the Mystery Branch on the Internet was all things that Xu Tui had already known.

Xu Tui could not find anything he wanted to learn about the Mystery Branch, much less the uncommon Enlightened Mind Type.

Xu Tui scoured the net until one in the morning before having no choice but to give up.

“It looks like I have to contact Professor An tomorrow.”

A professor from the Mystery Branch Institute of a Genetic Evolution College should be able to give Xu Tui a little advice, right?

Xu Tui washed up, took off his shirt, and got onto the bed.

Xu Tui sat cross-legged out of habit and began his evening meditation.

He inhaled through his nose and exhaled with his mouth. He relaxed his entire body and soon entered an ethereal, completely relaxed meditative state just like he always had.

However, Xu Tui suddenly felt a glimmer in his eyes immediately after he entered the meditative state.

Something was wrong.

Xu Tui knew that his eyes were still tightly shut.

However, the area in front of his eyes had become bright. He gradually saw a human figure.

It was a human figure that was sitting with his legs crossed. The area around the figure was pulsing. It was as if countless rays of light were coursing around the figure, making the entire scene look blurry.

There were only 14 weak spots of light on the head of the human figure.

Where did he come from?

Xu Tui was shocked.

He opened his eyes to search for the figure.

It was gone.

The figure appeared again when he closed his eyes and entered the meditative state.

Xu Tui tried searching for the figure for some time before he had a sudden realization.

The person he saw might have been himself.

It felt unreal!