Chapter 16 - Genetic Talent Ability Direction

Chapter 16: Genetic Talent Ability Direction

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

After considering Cheng Mo’s current massive appetite, as well as the appetites of Xu Tui and Tang Ting, the three of them ultimately decided to go to a buffet.

Tang Ting had always been able to eat a lot.

Xu Tui also felt that he could eat an entire cow from the energy he expended after these few days of recklessly rushing his –s.

...

Yes, it was also because they wanted Cheng Mo to have a full meal.

They could not go to the smaller-scale buffet restaurants.

The bosses of these restaurants would definitely feel the pinch when they saw them eat.

With the news of yesterday’s incident, they would not be even allowed to get into those restaurants with Cheng Mo around.

They had to go to hotels that offer buffets.

The bosses of these hotels would not be monitoring how much each person had consumed.

As for the wait staff, they would get a little shocked at most.

If all else failed, Xu Tui, the most handsome of the three, could put on a show at the buffet. They had to complete the mission of getting Cheng Mo full.

The only flaw to that plan was that the buffets in hotels were much more expensive than typical restaurants.

However, they would definitely get their money’s worth!

The Wolongzhuang Grand Hotel was one of the most reputable hotels in Jincheng Prefecture. Their lunch buffet cost 128 dollars a person.

Xu Tui’s group had three people.

The three of them gathered at the entrance of the Wolongzhuang Grand Hotel.

“Oh, f*ck! What did you do, Little Tui? How did you become as skinny as the Flash? Teach me, quick!”

“Oh, f*ck! Mozi, it had just been two days. Why have you almost caught up to me in weight?” Tang Ting continuously exclaimed after they met.

The Genetic Exams had caused Xu Tui and Cheng Mo to experience unexpected changes. Instead, it was Tang Ting, who had activated hand speed-related Genetic Base Points that remained the most stable.

Xu Tui and Cheng Mo smiled bitterly at the same time.

“Let’s eat first. I’m hungry.”

“Me too!”

The three of them walked into the second floor of the Wolongzhuang Grand Hotel, where the buffet was located. They immediately attracted the glances of the wait staff in the restaurant.

The waitress leading them to their seats was even blushing slightly.

Xu Tui had transformed from a sunny hunk to an aloof and handsome man after shedding some pounds.

Cheng Mo had been continuously gaining weight these two days. However, it had only been two days. He still kept his foundation as a slightly tanned, handsome man.

The two of them looked even more handsome when they were compared against the rotund Tang Ting.

Eating at a buffet in a hotel felt extremely good.

Cheng Mo cleared a plate of food every three minutes.

Even the wait staff who were looking from far away were shocked.

Cheng Mo felt good eating.

He felt extremely blessed.

Half an hour later, Xu Tui wiped his mouth, satisfied. He was full.

Cheng Mo was still eating, but he was slowing down.

The three of them started to chat.

“I activated eight Genetic Base Points and could only apply to more regional Genetic Evolution Colleges under normal circumstances.”

“Even the best Genetic Evolution Colleges I could apply to were ranked outside of the top 10 in the country.”

“However, a student recruited from the Huaxia Genetic Military College specially made a call to my family.”

“The Genetic Base Points I unlocked are related to speed and power. That meets the criteria of the people that the Huaxia Genetic Military College are looking for.”

“Hand speed counts too?” Cheng Mo interrupted.

Tang Ting glanced silently at Cheng Mo. “Don’t tell me that you have only been eating for these two days. Did you not read the resources given to you after the Genetic Exams?”

“The types of abilities you activated after the administration of the Genetic Liberation Elixir are also called the Initial Ability Direction or Talent Ability Direction.”

“Hand speed is also a main type of speed-related abilities.”

Cheng Mo did not speak. He clearly knew that.

Clearly, his Talent Ability Direction was not too great.

Tang Ting could see that Cheng Mo was upset. He proactively changed the topic.

“Because of that, the student recruiter from the Huaxia Genetic Military College said that they could make an exception and accept my application. They would waive my school fees and would raise my appraisal by one level after the appraisal orientation process conducted by the school,” Tang Ting explained.

“Oh, wow! That kind of treatment sounds too good to be true, doesn’t it? With your standards, Dating, you would be appraised as Level E at worst. You might even reach Level D.”

“If they bumped your appraisal by one level, which means to say from Level E to Level D, or from Level D to Level C, you would instantly be regarded as a genius.” Cheng Mo was very shocked.

Xu Tui, who had clearly matured after experiencing the stalking incident, noticed something different.

“What are the conditions?” Xu Tui asked.

“They only had one condition—join the military,” Tang Ting revealed. “Three years later, or after my abilities reached a certain level, I would have to participate in the intergalactic battles as a soldier, a frontline unit.”

Xu Tui and Cheng Mo were silent.

Joining the army was a glorious thing.

Soldiers were treated extremely well.

However, in this Great Genetic Age, joining the army was a heavy topic.

The death rate on the intergalactic battlefield was as high as 20%.

“You agreed?”

“I agreed,” Tang Ting said. “Any student who is enrolled into a Genetic Evolution College would have to go through mandatory military service after graduation. Since I have to enter military service anyway, I might as well try to fight for more benefits now and strengthen my abilities.”

“Frontline unit, why would you dare to agree to…” Cheng Mo had not finished his sentence but stopped midway after Xu Tui glared at him.

The 20% death rate in the intergalactic battlefield announced by official sources was an overall death rate. It included the deaths of repairmen and other soldiers from support units.

The death rate of the soldiers in the frontline units was definitely more than 20%.

“Mozi, don’t be too worried. My speed and power-related Talent Ability Direction is regarded as having the strongest battle capabilities within the military,” Tang Ting assured his friend.

Cheng Mo no longer spoke.

Xu Tui patted Tang Ting’s shoulder. “We will support your decision. However, since you have made such a decision, you would have to work hard for the next few years. Give it your all during your training. Your probability of surviving on the battlefield in the future will be greater.”

“The probability of you making a contribution will also be greater,” Cheng Mo added. “Train as if your life depends on it.”

No one spoke, so Cheng Mo went on, “Don’t let me receive any bad news. Otherwise, I’ll definitely fool around on your grave with 10 long-legged beauties. I’ll make you so angry that you’ll rise from your grave!”

“Scram! Do you think that you are a black cat?”

…

It was a joyous gathering. Even though they had to part ways, it was but the start of their lives.

The world was a large place. They could even travel to outer space now. However, the world was also a small place. A high-definition video call could connect people and make it feel as if they were physically present, aside from the lack of touch.

The three of them returned home after they parted ways.

If there were no accidents, they would receive their recruitment notice today.

They might have to set off and report at their schools tomorrow.

Xu Tui did not return home immediately.

Instead, he went to a branch of the Huaxia Genetic Medication Company who had stores around the country.

“Do you have Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs?”

“We do. We even have Level D Compound Chain Energy Restoration Elixirs, much less Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs.” The attendant didn’t wait for Xu Tui to respond. She continued instead in a condescending tone, “The more important thing is whether or not you have the rights to purchase them or if you can even afford them.” The attendant’s attitude was extremely poor.

If Xu Tui had a few hundred thousand dollars and Level E or Level D rights, he would have thrown it on the attendant’s face to make himself feel good.

Unfortunately, at this time, Xu Tui had neither.

“I only have ordinary rights. Can I purchase Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs with that?” Xu Tui asked, just trying his luck.

Ordinary rights were Level F rights.

Most people in current society, without any extraordinary circumstances, would only hold ordinary rights for all their lives. Some might be able to accumulate contribution points and get Level E rights when they are old, but those people were among the minority.

Legend had it that these places had hidden missions. Xu Tui wanted to see if he could find them.

The attendant looked at Xu Tui as if he was dumb. “Purchases of elixirs at Level E and above must all be declared. Every one of the elixirs would have to be registered.”

“All right.”

Xu Tui was a little frustrated.

“Then give me 10 Level F Energy Restoration Pills.”

“One thousand dollars.”

Xu Tui scanned his communication device and settled the payment and then grabbed the items and left.

The drastic decline in weight after his training yesternight had frightened Xu Tui.

It even made Xu Tui entertain the thought of first activating a few Genetic Base Points in his stomach.

However, Xu Tui temporarily decided against the idea after he thought it through.

Xu Tui’s current problem was that he did not intake enough energy. It was not that there was a problem with his generator.

In simpler terms, he lacked fuel.

Would he have to eat 10 meals a day like Cheng Mo after he activated the Genetic Base Points in his digestive system?

Before he could obtain foods that could supply him with even more energy, Xu Tui decided that he was not going to activate the Genetic Base Points in his digestive system.

Xu Tui had to research the overall situation before he took the next step forward if he wanted to improve his training or solve Cheng Mo’s current problem of only having a large stomach and no powerful abilities.

Simply put, Xu Tui needed more knowledge. He needed to enhance what he knew.

However, there was a problem. His training could not stop.

After an individual was administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir, they had three months as a continuous enhancement phase.

The main reason for Xu Tui opening his 15th sensory-related Genetic Base Point and the Genetic Base Point in his lower-left calf with relative ease was the carryover effects of the Genetic Liberation Elixir.

Even Cheng Mo, who had activated the Genetic Base Points in his stomach, only gained four to five pounds a day. He could not match the speed at which Xu Tui lost weight.

Thinking about the situation, the only choice Xu Tui had now was the Level F Energy Restoration Pill, which could replenish his energy at a rapid rate.

Actually, there was a better option—the Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

However, Xu Tui did not have high-enough rights, nor did he have enough money.

A Level E Energy Restoration Elixir cost 5,000 dollars.

It was exorbitantly expensive.

The current assets Xu Tui had as a student were only enough to purchase 10 Level F Energy Restoration Pills.

Xu Tui’s only hope was for the contribution points and reward, which Special Intelligence Division Captain Zhou Sheng promised, to arrive quickly.

The cash reward of 50,000 dollars was a large sum to Xu Tui.

It was said that contribution points were even more valuable.

…

Along the way home, Xu Tui noticed another stalker. Actually, the stalker had been there from when he left the house in the morning.

There was only one.

He was familiar with that person.

It was one of the special agents that had followed Xu Tui yesterday. His surname was He.

He should have been sent to protect Xu Tui.

“Uncle He, do you want to come up to have some tea?” Xu Tui, who had just entered the building, took a turn and walked out from the underground tunnel. He appeared out of nowhere in front of Special Agent He, who was smoking a cigarette at a corner.

He Wende trembled in shock when he saw Xu Tui suddenly appear. The smoke took a turn in his lungs and caused him to cough violently.

“No… No… You should go up quickly. Your…your recruitment notice should have arrived.”

“You’re really not coming up?”

“No.”

He Wende had a depressed expression.

To think that he was spotted by the same student…

To be in such a situation despite being a special agent, it really was…

He Wende looked at Xu Tui’s leaving figure.

The upper brass told him that even though Xu Tui had activated 14 Genetic Base Points, they were all of the Enlightened Mind Type. It was rather useless.

However, from He Wende’s point of view, that teenager was something else.

He might be abnormal even within the Enlightened Mind Type.

Most of the Enlightened Mind Type students of the Mystery Branch were rather useless. However, occasionally, there would be a monster.

…

When Xu Tui returned home, he saw that Xu Jianguo was smiling.

Even though Zhang Xiuli was also smiling, she was looking at her drastically skinnier son with a worried expression.

“Improvement, your recruitment notice is here. It’s the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the first in the nation. Are you happy?” Xu Jianguo said excitedly.

“Yes.”

Xu Tui nodded. He was not too surprised.

He had obtained a high score of 604, which exceeded the Double Excellence Score. He had also activated 14 Genetic Base Points. It should be a given that he got accepted to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“Dad, Mom, these few years have been hard on you,” Xu Tui said seriously after a pause.

His parents had slogged their guts out during his three years in high school.

They prepared his breakfast, lunch, dinner, and even snacks. No meal was the same. His parents also had to work every day.

They would get up at five in the morning to prepare meals for Xu Tui even if they were sick.

These three years had not been easy for them.

There were tears in Zhang Xiuli’s eyes. She had a complicated, indescribable feeling of happiness in her heart.

Her son…had grown up.

However, his father, Xu Jianguo, waved his hand. “Let’s not talk about that. You got accepted, but the reporting time is rather rushed, especially for you students who are headed to the capital. You have to gather and set off tomorrow morning. Go pack up your stuff. Don’t leave anything behind.”

“All right.”

Xu Tui’s voice was a little choked.

He had always wanted to head out of Jincheng Prefecture, a place where he had lived for many years, to have a look. However, he felt extremely reluctant now that he had to leave home.

“Oh yes, you are setting off tomorrow. Your mother and I spent half a day preparing a gift for you. Look.” Xu Jianguo pushed a box toward him.