Chapter 22 - The Commander’S Decision

Chapter 22: The Commander’s Decision

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

As usual, they saw many security guards after they got off the bus.

Cha Yifeng, who was the first to get off the bus, sprinted for the washroom.

The way he sprinted made him look like a student who had held it in for a long time and desperately wanted to pee on the spot.

...

There were many students like that.

Everything looked absolutely normal.

However, Xu Tui knew that there was a problem.

Cha Yifeng had visited the washroom three hours ago.

During the three hours after that, Xu Tui observed that Cha Yifeng had not consumed any water. He only occasionally took a sip of mineral water to wet his lips. He did not consume anything either.

Of course, it might be because Mr. Cha’s bladder was a little more delicate.

Currently, there was no problem with Cha Yifeng’s action.

However, based on Xu Tui’s general observations from just now, he felt that Cha Yifeng was very suspicious.

It was also because he had confirmed his suspicion that Xu Tui did not dare to follow too closely behind Cha Yifeng.

If there really was a problem with Cha Yifeng, it would be bad if Cha Yifeng noticed him.

Cha Yifeng was fast even though he was walking with his legs squeezed inward. He was amongst the first wave of people entering the washroom.

Xu Tui quickly followed behind him.

He had just entered the washroom when he saw Cha Yifeng turn into the cubicle furthest into the washroom.

He was really fast.

Observing his surroundings as he walked, Xu Tui entered a different cubicle.

The cubicle he was in was beside Cha Yifeng’s.

Tolerating the strange odors, Xu Tui gently exhaled and concentrated his mind power. Instantly, the situation within the cubicle 2 meters away from him appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

Xu Tui saw that Cha Yifeng had just stuffed something into his mouth.

He then chewed twice.

Xu Tui was shocked. Cha Yifeng’s actions were too fast. All he could see was the scene he had just seen.

Cha Yifeng had rushed into a cubicle in a washroom to consume something again.

This was not just Cha Yifeng being sick in the head. There was definitely something wrong with him!

Cha Yifeng did not take a dump. He merely peed a little before leaving the washroom.

Xu Tui examined the area with his mental senses but did not notice anything strange about the cubicle that Cha Yifeng was at.

When Cha Yifeng was far away from the washroom, Xu Tui walked out of his cubicle and immediately entered the one that Cha Yifeng was in. He observed the cubicle with both his eyes and his mental sense.

He did not notice anything.

A few seconds later, Xu Tui walked out of the washroom dejectedly.

Far away, Cha Yifeng had a box of rice in his hands. He was savoring the meal.

When Xu Tui found Cheng Mo, there were already five empty boxes in front of Cheng Mo.

He Mingxuan, who had changed into a fresh set of clothes and shoes, quickly retreated when he saw Xu Tui.

He had a vengeful expression.

Xu Tui dug at his meal distractedly. He looked toward the direction of the escort vehicles occasionally.

Xu Tui was considering if he should report the abnormal discovery he found to the commander of the escort vehicles.

He thought about it for a moment. Xu Tui thought that safety was an important issue.

He quickly finished the rest of his food, then walked toward the escort vehicle not far away from him.

However, he had not gotten close to the vehicle when he got stopped by a guard stationed in the area.

“Student, we are engaging in wartime provisions now. Don’t walk around as you please. Don’t look around as you please,” the guard reminded Xu Tui.

“I discovered a unique situation and wish to report it to the commander.”

“Unique situation?”

“What unique situation?”

“I want to see the commander of the escort team,” Xu Tui said with a forceful tone.

The guard thought for a moment, then reported the incident through the military channel of his communication device.

Soon, a lieutenant jogged over.

“The commander is very busy and does not have the time to meet you. You can tell me if you have anything urgent to report. I’ll relay your message. You can also write it down, and I’ll pass it to the commander for you,” the lieutenant said.

Thinking about it, Xu Tui did not force the situation any further and nodded.

“I guess I’ll write it down.”

Xu Tui felt that the lieutenant in front of him would take his words as a joke if he said that he noticed his teacher-in-charge eating something in the toilet.

“First: At both supply stops, my teacher-in-charge, Cha Yifeng, went to the washroom to take a dump. Also, when he came out from the cubicle afterward, he seemed to have something in his mouth that he was chewing.

“Second: Cha Yifeng had not drunk any water or consumed anything, yet he was always rushing for the toilet.

“Third: Cha Yifeng seemed to be nervous.”

After he wrote his message down, Xu Tui looked at the three observations he had listed and suddenly started to doubt himself.

Was he being too sensitive?

His message looked more like a lame joke than special intelligence.

Despite his thoughts, Xu Tui still handed the slip of paper over.

The lieutenant read the message, then glanced toward Xu Tui. He could not stop the corner of his lips from twitching.

“Was this kid here to crack a joke?”

However, as part of his responsibility, he nodded and said, “I will hand this piece of information over to the commander. We will contact you personally if there is a need to understand the situation further.”

“Alright. Thank you.”

Xu Tui left politely. He then grabbed himself another box of rice and finished it before he got onto the bus.

When he was boarding the bus, Cha Yifeng, who was doing a headcount at the entrance of the bus, suddenly stopped Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, what kind of trouble are you causing? Why were you talking with the guards?” Clearly, Cha Yifeng had noticed something wrong with Xu Tui.

“It’s nothing. I noticed that something was wrong with the direction and that we don’t seem like we are headed for Xi’an Prefecture. So I went ahead and asked them. They got me to register my name.”

Xu Tui was rather proficient at lying. He came up with a lie instantly.

“Let me remind you that we are currently in wartime provisions. Ask less. Cause less trouble. Don’t cause me any trouble,” Cha Yifeng warned Xu Tui.

Xu Tui flashed his teeth.

He was about to board the bus when he suddenly had a thought. He instantly concentrated his mind power.

“Mr. Cha, how many boxes of rice did you eat just now?”

“What?” Cha Yifeng was surprised. He opened his mouth slightly.

Xu Tui got a clear look inside Cha Yifeng’s mouth the moment he opened his mouth.

Xu Tui’s mental senses could not see through a human body.

That meant that Xu Tui could not see the inside of Cha Yifeng’s mouth if it had been closed.

However, it was not a problem when Cha Yifeng opened his mouth.

Xu Tui noticed something just now.

Cha Yifeng had two false teeth.

He had one in his upper jaw and one in his lower jaw. They were aligned neatly.

They were made out of a special material.

It was not the common porcelain teeth nor were they gold teeth, teeth made out of alloyed metal, or teeth made out of tree fibers. It was a material that Xu Tui had never seen in neither real life nor a textbook.

Xu Tui thought, ‘Would his report attract the attention of the commander if he had included this piece of information just now?’

Unfortunately, the fleet was about to set off. Xu Tui, who was looking out the window, did not notice anyone from the escort vehicles approaching them.

‘The commander might not have seen it yet…,’ Xu Tui consoled himself.

…

In the temporary command post…

Even though the information in Xu Tui’s report was somewhat funny, the lieutenant delivered the report out of his sense of duty.

“Report. A student from Bus 3 noticed something wrong with their teacher and reported the situation to us.”

Colonel Liu Tianhu, who was looking at an electronic map, raised his head. He fetched over the note and glanced at its contents. He raised his brows and looked like he was about to explode in anger.

However, Liu Tianhu ultimately kept his cool because it was Bus 3. He tossed the note toward an intelligence staff by the side.

“Investigate Cha Yifeng from Bus 3, then check out the general situation in Bus 3.”

“Roger.”

The intelligence staff immediately turned to the side and started operating the system along with his colleagues. They quickly tapped into the special surveillance devices in the vehicle.

Even though the buses were all equipped with the Super Miniature Radiation Atomic Releasing Device which blocked off all signals from electronic devices, there were still special ways the command post could use to communicate and monitor the situation in the buses.

All of their actions were to render their hidden enemies blind and deaf.

However, they could not make themselves blind and, even more so, deaf.

A few minutes later, the intelligence staff reached a conclusion.

“This student caused trouble the moment he got onto the bus and was scolded by Cha Yifeng. He had been reprimanded twice on the journey so far. He feels a little like a thorn in the flesh.

“Based on my judgment, this student is being paranoid and seems to want to get back at this teacher.

“Furthermore, Cha Yifeng’s background is clean. He also had experience in the military. He had come back from the extraterrestrial battlefield and belonged to a third-line regiment in the past.”

Liu Tianhu nodded. He continued to observe the images of the various escort teams sent to him via satellite.

At the moment, there had not been a problem with any of the teams.

As long as they maintained a status quo and met up with the team at Ningyin Prefecture, he would have completed his mission this time peacefully.

Contribution!

“How should we deal with the situation? Should we call the teacher over to ask him about what he ate in the toilet?” the intelligence staff asked cautiously.

“Deal with? Do you have holes in your brain? If we have to investigate a teacher just because a student reported him, how are we going to complete the escort mission? Did you not read the contents of the report?

“Suspected to be eating something in the cubicle and having chewing actions… I would also stretch my jaw after I am done taking a dump. Do I have a problem too?

“Can you grow some brains? Can you help lighten the burden?”

…

The harsh scolding made the faces of the lieutenant and the intelligence staff turn red.

…

Meanwhile, on Bus 3…

Without receiving attention or questions about the situation from the commander, Xu Tui could only hope that he was being overly suspicious. At the same time, he secretly paid more attention to Cha Yifeng.

The fleet of buses traveled for 40 minutes longer. Xu Tui, who had been constantly paying attention at Cha Yifeng, suddenly noticed something. The mental state of Cha Yifeng suddenly became much more nervous.

Using his mental senses, Xu Tui noticed that Cha Yifeng’s cheeks were trembling slightly.

It must have been caused by the movement of his teeth.

Xu Tui had experience in that department.

‘That is caused by the regular movement of his top and bottom teeth. It’s also on his right side. His two false teeth are also on the right. What does he want to do?’

Xu Tui could no longer remain sitting when he noticed that.

He had to do something!