Chapter 39 - Xu Tui Had Not Been Arrogant

Chapter 39: Xu Tui Had Not Been Arrogant

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

“Hey Junior Yuan, are you alright? Do you need me to send you to the hospital?”

Yuan Shu glared at Chai Xiao coldly. “Scram to the side. This has nothing to do with you. Don’t cause trouble for yourself.”

Chai Xiao’s smile became a little awkward.

...

“Hey Junior Yuan, there’s no point in blowing today’s matter out of proportion. Why not regard this matter as the two of you fooling around and accidentally getting injured? Let’s turn the matter into a non-issue…”

“Turn the matter into a non-issue?”

Yuan Shu glanced coldly at Xu Tui, then said to Chai Xiao, “I understand what you mean. We are all classmates. I don’t want to ruin anyone’s future. However, there has to be an explanation for how to resolve the matter.”

Judging from Yuan Shu’s tone, he seemed like he was not going to go too hard on Xu Tui.

“You sure are straightforward, Junior Yuan.”

Chai Xiao gave Yuan Shu a thumbs-up. “Tell me, how do you want to settle the matter?”

“I won’t do something unsightly like getting him to kneel and kowtow. All I ask is for him to bow and apologize to the four of us here one by one. Then pay us each 100,000 dollars in medical expenses. We can draw the matter to a close here.

“I’ll deal with the people from the disciplinary division. He’ll be scolded at the very most.”

Chai Xiao’s expression became a little uncomfortable even before Yuan Shu finished saying his piece. However, he still had a smile on his face.

“Junior Yuan, can you show me some face? Can we just get him to apologize to the four of you together and pay you guys a total of 100,000 for your medical expenses?”

“Do you think I’m lacking his 100,000 dollars? What I want is my reputation back! Also, Chai Xiao, your reputation is worthless.”

Yuan Shu prodded at Chai Xiao’s chest after every sentence he said. He seemed like he was taunting Chai Xiao.

“I’ve already voiced my requests. Whether or not you accept them is your problem.”

Yuan Shao had directed his last sentence to Xu Tui.

Chai Xiao had an uncomfortable expression. He also felt extremely awkward.

However, he did not fall out with Yuan Shu. He put in his last bit of effort. “Yuan Shu, we are all schoolmates. The matter today…”

“Brother Chai, it’s alright.” Xu Tui suddenly stepped forward and rubbed on Chai Xiao’s shoulder.

Even though Chai Xiao had a weakness of loving to gossip, he was quite a loyal chap.

He was able to go to such an extent for Xu Tui, whom he had only known for half a day. That was already decent enough.

“Brother, a wise man does not fight when he knows that the odds are stacked against him…”

“Brother Chai, let me deal with this myself. Thank you very much.”

Xu Tui stepped past Chai Xiao and walked in front of Yuan Shu.

Chai Xiao moved his lips but ultimately let out a sigh and stopped talking.

He hoped that this situation would not end in the worst state possible.

As the best college in the Huaxia Sector, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was rather fair in dealing with these matters.

“Yuan Shu, for the matter today, since we are all schoolmates, why not both of us take a step back? Blowing the matter up to the disciplinary division would not benefit anyone,” Xu Tui said to Yuan Shu.

“Is that an apology?” Yuan Shu let out a cold laugh. “Hey, Brothers, have you ever seen such an arrogant apology?”

Xu Tui’s expression turned cold.

“This is not an apology. Yuan Shu, the members of the disciplinary division are already here. You can do whatever you want. But don’t blame me for not giving you a chance.” Xu Tui let out a cold laugh.

“Hah! You sure are arrogant, lad.”

“You chose this path for yourself. I hope you don’t regret it!” Yuan Shu laughed disdainfully and looked toward the people from the disciplinary division.

“Yuan Shu, I’ll return those words to you. You chose this path for yourself. Don’t regret it!” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui was really trying to give Yuan Shu some advice.

Xu Tui could tell that Yuan Shu was not a bad person. He was just like many other teenagers. He was a little arrogant, cared too much about his reputation, and liked to stand out. More importantly, he was being egged on by that dark-skinned Ma Zixu.

Without Ma Zixu adding fuel to the fire, the conflict today would never have happened.

However, if Yuan Shu continued to stay close to Ma Zixu, Xu Tui could guarantee that Yuan Shu would be put at a massive disadvantage in the future.

By the side, Chai Xiao became a little confused.

He did not think that there was a problem with Xu Tui’s brain. Xu Tui’s attacks just now had been stable, accurate, and merciless. Xu Tui looked like an intelligent man.

Why would he say such ridiculous words?

Could it be…

…

The disciplinary division of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was a department that had more authority in the school.

In the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, especially within the Extreme Branch Institute, it was common for accidents to happen since a bunch of students with exploding hormones and extraordinary abilities were grouped together all day long.

Thus, the responsibilities of the disciplinary division were exceptionally important.

However, the rules governing new students and existing students were different.

Within the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, ordinary members of the disciplinary division would be dressed in black uniforms. The chairman and vice-chairman of the division would wear a special badge.

The conflict at the testing point of the Extreme Branch Institute had been reported to the disciplinary division by the teacher at the testing point.

The teacher had not reported the situation clearly. He described the problem to be rather major and said that a student might be severely injured.

After receiving the report, a vice-chairman of the disciplinary division immediately led a team over to deal with the situation.

The vice-chairman had a family name of ‘Wang’. He was a capable member of the disciplinary division.

When he arrived, he heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that the students who had caused trouble were still standing.

Them being able to stand meant that the situation was not too serious.

However, judging from the countless students crowding around and looking at the scene, it meant that the situation had a large negative impact.

“You new students are disregarding the rules of the college. Since there are so many people watching today, I’ll have to punish the troublemakers as a warning to all the other students. I’ll have to impose a strict punishment!

“There are always daring students in every batch of newcomers. You have not completed the registration to enter the college, yet you are already fighting and causing trouble. Good job! You guys are impressive!” Vice-Chairman Wang, who had rushed over, praised the troublemakers.

The people involved in the incident did not know what to feel when they heard him.

However, the onlookers, Chai Xiao included, felt their skin crawl. They started to have cold sweats.

Since the vice-chairman of the disciplinary division had said that, it was likely that he was going to make an example out of this incident.

“Bring them back to the disciplinary division and investigate them in isolation.

“Obtain the surveillance footage and piece together what had happened.

“Randomly choose 20 students or teachers who have witnessed the situation and take their statements.”

The disciplinary division of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College modeled its operations to the highest judicial ministry in the Huaxia Sector.

If the students have to be punished for something that they did, the division would make sure that the students accepted their punishment.

Both the people involved in the conflict and the witnesses had nothing to say.

A few officers in black clothes charged out like wolves and were about to escort the five people involved in the conflict away.

“I have mid-grade Level E rights! I have relative priority rights,” Yuan Shu actively voiced out his individual rights. “I came to settle some matters and got him to make way. But he did not make way and instead provoked me. In the end, we exchanged blows.”

Vice-Chairman Wang was not in a hurry to come to a conclusion. Instead, he first ascertained Yuan Shu’s identity with his communication device.

“Yuan Shu really has mid-grade Level E rights. Based on the regulations, he can enjoy relative priority rights. There’s no need to bring him back for an isolated investigation. Just get him to give a self-report of the situation.”

There was nothing wrong with how Vice-Chairman Wang was handling the situation.

This was the right that a person with high-level individual rights enjoyed.

Among the students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Yuan Shu was definitely considered to have high-level rights with his mid-grade Level E rights.

However, the preferential treatment of the mid-grade Level E rights was only limited to Yuan Shu himself.

The three students that Yuan Shu had brought along, who had attacked Xu Tui at the same time, were not so lucky.

The officers in black clothes grabbed them by the arm and were going to bring them back to the disciplinary division.

Under such a situation, Yuan Shu could not help them even if he wanted to.

All he could do was stare coldly at Xu Tui, because Xu Tui was going to be the next person to be escorted back to the disciplinary division by the officers in black clothes for an isolated investigation.

Two black-clothed officers instantly arrived in front of Xu Tui.

At this moment, a projection shone from Xu Tui’s communication device.

“Teachers, I have low-grade Level D rights. I should also have rights to preferential treatment, right?”

The black-clothed officers froze.

The students around them, as well as Chai Xiao, froze at the same time.

Low-grade Level D rights…

Were they hearing things?

However, the black-clothed officers would not mistake what they saw.

The profile page that Xu Tui showed them clearly stated that Xu Tui had low-grade Level D rights.

The angle and image that Xu Tui projected were rather small as he was concerned about his privacy.

Yuan Shu instantly froze, then started to laugh.

“Have you gone insane? Low-grade Level D rights? You should at least come up with a more reasonable excuse.” Yuan Shu continued, “I would think that even most of the teachers in the school would not have low-grade Level D rights.”

Even though Yuan Shu was saying this, he was now feeling a little scared.

That was because Xu Tui did not seem insane nor did he look like a fool.

Why would he come up with a lie that could be easily exposed?

Why did he feel that it was real…

Vice-Chairman Wang knitted his brows.

His first reaction was that it was impossible.

Even he, a vice-chairman of the disciplinary division, only had high-grade Level E rights after toiling for many years. He was still several hundred contribution points away from obtaining low-grade Level D rights.

How could an 18-year-old student?

Could it be?

Under normal circumstances, there was only one possibility: inheritance.

Vice-Chairman Wang’s expression became stern when that thought entered his mind.

Could he be a descendent of a nameless hero?

Vice-Chairman Wang instantly started to verify Xu Tui’s identity through a special system on his communication device.

Then, Vice-Chairman Wang received a major shock.

It was not inheritance.

However, Xu Tui really had low-grade Level D rights.

Furthermore, he had just obtained it today.

“Xu Tui really has low-grade Level D rights. Based on the regulations, he can enjoy relative preferential treatment. He will also be able to enjoy a certain level of absolute preferential treatment.

“Xu Tui, write a report about what happened today, then sign it and send it to the disciplinary division.

“Also, please ensure that you can be contacted on your communication device. We will contact you if we have any doubts.”

All of the students around them were dumbfounded when they heard Vice-Chairman Wang.

Yuan Shu was also dumbfounded!

To Yuan Shu, being dumbfounded was not the only consequence he would face.

The chap in front of him did not have many words to say, yet he had low-grade Level D rights. That was…

“Could he be a descendent of a hero?”

However, no matter what the situation was, Yuan Shu immediately realized that he might be in a little bit of a pickle this time.

Furthermore, he had foolishly put himself at the center of the trouble.

At that instant, Yuan Shu suddenly understood why Xu Tui had said, “Don’t blame me for not giving you a chance.”

It was not because Xu Tui was arrogant.

Instead, Xu Tui had really been giving him a chance.

However, he missed his opportunity.

Yuan Shu was a little remorseful.

He was even more confused.

There were over 7,000 new students in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He had 7,000-to-1 odds today.

Yet, he managed to step on a mine!

It was even an anti-tank mine…

It had immense power…

…

“Student Yuan Shu, according to the constitution of the Huaxia Sector and the rules of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, your mid-grade Level E rights will automatically lose preferential treatment in the face of higher-grade rights.

“Please follow us back to the disciplinary division for an isolated investigation.”

Vice-Chairman Wang had announced his decision in a formal manner. With a wave of his hand, two black-clothed officers instantly restrained the dazed Yuan Shu.

“Students, my name is Wang Rutie, and I am one of the vice-chairmen of the school’s disciplinary division. Here, I wish to give each and every one of you a reminder.

“Obey the rules, study well, and strive to improve every day.

“Otherwise, you can count on the disciplinary division to be with you regardless of the time of day.

“Bring them away.”

With a wave of his arm, Wang Rutie and a mob of black-clothed officers escorted Yuan Shu and his group out of the area.

All of the students around Xu Tui looked at him with a startled gaze.

They were all blank slates with Level F rights.

How could the student in front of them have low-grade Level D rights?

There were even students who started taking photos with Xu Tui and uploading them on their social media accounts.

“Caught the descendent of a hero alive. There are no cowardly descendants of a person who sacrificed himself…”

…

Chai Xiao also came in front of Xu Tui with a stern expression.

“Brother, I’m sorry. I had been disrespectful. I did not think that you were a descendent of a hero who had sacrificed himself. All of these heroes are worthy of our respect,” Chai Xiao said sincerely. “You have to bring me along to pay respects to your father when you have the time…”

“Pei Pei Pei!” Xu Tui had a dejected expression. “My dad’s not dead! My dad is living well. He will live to be 150 years old.”

Chai Xiao was confused…