Chapter 35 - Utilizing It For The First Time

Chapter 35: Utilizing It for the First Time

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

The School of General Senses was not far away from the testing location at the School of Enlightened Mind. It was slightly over a hundred meters away.

Comparatively, the School of General Senses had much more activity than the School of Enlightened Mind even though they were both from the Mystery Branch Institute.

There was only one teacher in charge of the testing process at the School of Enlightened Mind.

...

However, three teachers were administering the tests at the School of General Senses. A bald, leisurely teacher was also there. He was an associate professor.

He obviously looked like the leader.

When Xu Tui arrived, two other students were going through the test in front of him.

The results of the first student had just come out.

The teacher quickly printed a result slip and signed his name.

Even though the results were not announced, Xu Tui could see the contents of the result slip when he concentrated slightly.

Xu Tui failed to notice something.

When he was ‘looking’ at the result slip, the bald professor, who was leisurely scrolling through his communication device, casually glanced at Xu Tui as if thinking about something.

“Yes, you activated 13 genetic base points and have a fundamental assessment of high-grade Level E. The rating of your sensory abilities is good. If you have no other abilities, your general rating is advised to be mid-grade Level D.”

Xu Tui could see on the result slip that this student’s sensory abilities had a distance of 2.26 meters and a clarity rating of ‘ordinary’ (larger than 2 millimeters).

The second student in front of Xu Tui began his test.

The results of this student were poorer than the first student. The distance of his senses was only 1.1 meters and had a clarity rating of ‘blurry’.

His level assessment remained the same.

“You’re from the School of Enlightened Mind?”

The teacher administering the test was a little surprised when he saw Xu Tui’s test application. However, he still guided Xu Tui through the test.

“Sense what is going on in the box behind me. Write down the positions and contents of anything you see.”

Xu Tui nodded.

Xu Tui closed his eyes slightly and entered a highly focused state. The image of the contents of the box instantly appeared in front of Xu Tui.

It was a narrow box that was very bright inside. There was a ruler at the very left. Items were placed from largest to smallest parallel to the markings of the various measurements on the ruler on the right.

There was an apple, a toy ball, a ping-pong ball, as well as a sticky note. The smallest items were small pieces of paper that had unbelievably small handwriting.

The words on the paper were smaller than those on the supermarket receipt, only being 1 millimeter in size. However, Xu Tui could still see them clearly.

3.24 meters… That was the furthest distance Xu Tui could see.

The distance of his ability had grown by 12 centimeters from when he left home.

‘Does this mean that my mind power has increased during the past few days?’ Xu Tui wondered.

Xu Tui had an impulse at that moment.

Should I report my abilities truthfully?

Xu Tui might obtain an excellent rating on his sensory abilities if he reported it truthfully.

A sensory distance of 3 meters and a clarity rating of ‘ultraclear’…

He would have no problems obtaining an excellent rating.

He might even receive a phenomenal rating.

An excellent rating would push Xu Tui’s assessment two grades upward at least.

A phenomenal rating might push his rating three grades upward.

Xu Tui made a general comparison.

Xu Tui might receive the rating and treatment of high-grade Level C or mid-grade Level C if he reported his abilities truthfully.

If he concealed it, he would only receive the rating and treatment of low-grade Level C.

The difference in treatment between these ratings was that he would receive one or two more bottles of Level E energy restoration elixirs every month.

That was equivalent to over 10,000 dollars every month.

That was quite a substantial amount.

It was two months of his father’s salary.

But what about the risk he had to bear?

He might be selected as a special candidate and go through special training to undertake special missions. Xu Tui’s future job would have been determined for him: intelligence work.

Yes, the best application for his ability was being a spy.

The risk of being a spy was too great.

He might vanish from this world for no reason.

The risk was not worth the reward.

More importantly, Xu Tui did not like intelligence work.

There were too many rules and restrictions in that line of work. Xu Tui liked to have more freedom.

He had not let himself loose after coming out of Jincheng Prefecture. He did not want to be locked into another cage.

He should at least get into a relationship in college, right?

Xu Tui instantly arrived at a decision. He was going to listen to An Xiaoxue.

“Student, don’t force yourself if you can’t see the contents clearly.” The voice of the teacher administering the test rang out.

“Let me tell you, sensory abilities depend entirely on your mind power. It’s not something you can force out just by holding your breath.” A disharmonious voice suddenly rang out behind Xu Tui.

Xu Tui opened his eyes and looked back.

It was a short teenager with a snub nose. However, he had bright eyes.

He was not as handsome as Xu Tui.

As the teenager was not as handsome as he was, Xu Tui was not too angry. He glanced at him, then wrote down his answers.

“1.63 meters. I could see an apple, a ping-pong ball, and a square note. The writing on the note was dark and blurry. I couldn’t see it clearly.”

The teacher administering the test glanced at his answers and immediately concluded, “Your sensory abilities have been rated as average. You have activated 20 genetic base points and have an average ability rating. Your level assessment cannot be improved and will remain at your baseline rating. If there are no problems, you should be low-grade Level C.”

The teacher-in-charge signed his name and handed Xu Tui his result slip. “If you have no problems, you can look for the teacher in the School of Enlightened Mind for the final confirmations.”

“You activated 20 genetic base points but only received an average ability rating. How useless are you?” The teenager with a snub nose behind him seemed to be rather impatient.

This made Xu Tui a little displeased. He turned around and looked at the teenager.

“Student, do you have dental equipment in your room at the student reception center?” Xu Tu asked an absent-minded question.

Xu Tui had asked the question with a smile. The snub-nosed teenager did not understand the meaning behind the question. However, he still answered with an impatient expression, “Yes, why?”

“Since you are given dental equipment, why does your mouth still stink? Do you not have the habit of brushing your teeth? Or is the odor from your mouth natural?”

The snub-nosed teenager instantly came to his senses. He was infuriated, “You dare to scold me? I…”

“It’s just that your mouth stinks too much.”

Xu Tui was still smiling like a villain.

The snub-nosed teenager was put in a spot in front of everyone else. He clenched his fists tightly and glared at Xu Tui. He wanted to hit Xu Tui.

Xu Tui smiled and stepped forward slightly. He pointed at his chest and challenged the teenager, “Come, hit me if you want. I won’t retaliate.”

The chest of the snub-nosed teenager rose and fell violently. He seemed to be thinking about something.

The shout of the teacher from the School of General Senses rang out, “New students are forbidden from fighting each other. You would either have your level assessment brought down or be expelled. Do you want to try it out?”

The sentence instantly transformed the snub-nosed teenager’s fury into a cold sweat.

He glared at Xu Tui furiously, then turned around and took his test.

By the side, Chai Xiao, who had not spoken during the incident, gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up, “Brother, that was merciless. That lad almost took the bait. He would have been put at a massive disadvantage if he took the bait!”

“It’s not merciless. I only wanted to take my test silently but got picked on even though I didn’t do anything. You can ask me to swallow that, right?”

“That’s right. That lad’s mouth is too smelly. He deserves any trouble that would happen from his actions!”

‘We are not going to cause trouble, but we should not be afraid of trouble,’ Xu Tui told himself.

This was the first time Xu Tui was utilizing what An Xiaoxue had taught him about protecting himself on the bus in person.

Xu Tui had examined the new student handbook closely yesterday night.

He understood the rules and learned how to make use of the rules.

The snub-nosed teenager went to take his test. Xu Tui and Chai Xiao were about to leave for the testing location in the School of Enlightened Mind.

The bald associate professor from the School of General Senses suddenly stood up and arrived in front of Xu Tui.

“Student Xu Tui, please wait a moment.”