Chapter 34 - You’Re Impressive, Senior Chai!

Chapter 34: You’re Impressive, Senior Chai!

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Contribution points were a special product of the Great Genetic Age.

It wasn’t extremely unique.

It was more a symbol of honor and prestige. It was also an item that had extreme practical value.

...

During the start of the Great Genetic Age, the death toll on the extraterrestrial battlefield remained consistently high. The soldiers in the Oulian Sector and Milian Sector developed an immense fear of battle.

Increasing the bereavement fee had not much of an effect.

A child without a father would not amount to much even if they had millions of dollars in cash.

Finally, experts designed the contribution system.

Not only did contribution points have immense value, but they also represented honor. It could also give the guarantee of certain rights to the next generation if the soldier died in battle.

If the soldier had to be recalled from the battlefield due to injury, or if they came back after serving their term, they would be able to enjoy even more special privileges.

For example, if an individual contributed and received Level D rights, they would have priority in public facilities. They could use the VIP channels and lounges in hospitals, public transports, etc.

This was not a rule. It was directly written into the constitution of the Blue Star Alliance and the various countries under it.

It was the law.

Other rights like the Level D offspring point increase right, Level B offspring protection right, and medical rights were all guaranteed by the law. It created a universal public trust.

After a hundred years of continual refinement, contribution points became the most valuable resource outside of money.

The most important premise behind contribution points was that a person could enhance their individual rights level through the accumulation of contribution points.

An individual’s individual rights level was directly related to that individual’s status in society.

A hundred years ago, a millionaire would have been able to enjoy the best things in the world as long as he had money.

Now, under normal circumstances, they would be able to enjoy what they used to if they forked out double the amount of money. However, some things could not be purchased with money.

For example, in the business class cabins of most public transports, a person with Level F rights would have to pay five times the original price, while a person with Level E rights needed to pay double the price. A person with Level D rights would be able to travel business class at a 30% discount, while a person with Level C rights could get tickets for a third of the price.

Another example was public hospitals.

Only a person with Level D rights or higher could enjoy a private room.

Many of the valuable elixirs that have appeared during the Great Genetic Era required a corresponding rights level to purchase.

For example, the cellular reversal interval elixir that was loved by millionaires, which was basically an elixir that could extend an individual’s lifespan, required at least Level D rights to purchase.

Of course, a person with Level E rights could also purchase it after they achieved a certain condition. After all, this was a capitalistic society. However, the price they had to pay was too great.

The examples given above were in major issues.

On a smaller scale, contribution points could directly influence the cost of Xu Tui’s training. This made Xu Tui extremely interested.

The individual rights system, which was calculated using contribution points, was classified into different levels just like the standardized classification used for student levels.

As usual, the system started with Level F rights and went up to Level E, Level D, Level C, Level B, and finally Level A. Above Level F, every level was subdivided into low-grade, mid-grade, and high-grade.

For example, there were low-grade Level E rights, high-grade Level E rights, etc.

Most people would be able to obtain honorary low-grade Level E rights after they toiled for decades.

Xu Tui’s father, Xu Jianguo, had been able to purchase the Level E energy restoration elixirs previously because he had Level E rights. However, Xu Tui did not know what grade was his father’s rights.

There were many benefits to having high-grade rights.

However, Xu Tui only remembered one important point.

Different rights allowed a person to enjoy different levels of discounts when they were purchasing items with different right requirements.

For example, Level E rights would allow Xu Tui to purchase the Level E energy restoration elixir that he needed for his current training.

The original price of the item for an individual with mid-grade Level E rights was 5,000 dollars. A person with high-grade Level E rights would enjoy a 5% discount, while an individual with low-grade Level D rights would enjoy another 5% discount on top of that.

It was also like that for the mid-grade and high-grade Level D rights.

A bottle of Level E energy restoration elixir could be bought at a maximum discount of 25% based on the difference in rights.

It also meant that if an individual had low-grade Level C rights, the price they had to pay for a bottle of Level E energy restoration elixir would drop from 5,000 to 3,750.

It was a discount of more than 1,000 dollars.

How much money would Xu Tui save in his training journey?

His estimated training cost of one million dollars would instantly drop to 750,000.

He would save 250,000!

Xu Tui also thought of another possibility.

If he managed to obtain higher-level rights, he would be able to sell the elixirs he got for a discounted price to make a fortune.

“Senior Chai, is it easy to obtain high-level rights?” Xu Tui asked.

Chai Xiao, who was breathing normally despite having just got off his bicycle, thought for a moment. “It’s not hard per se, but it can also be difficult or even extremely difficult.”

“Why do you say that?”

“As long as you are strong enough and dare to risk your life in battle, it is not hard to obtain Level D rights. Of course, even if you obtained Level D rights, it’s difficult to say if you would be alive to enjoy its benefits or not.

“If you are like me and take the more conservative route, it would be extremely difficult to obtain Level D rights.

“I put in a great deal of effort in completing various missions, but only accumulated five contribution points in two years.

“It’ll be hard to say if I can obtain Level E rights when I’m in my third year,” Chai Xiao explained.

“Are there only two ways to get contribution points? Completing school missions and participating in battle?” Xu Tui asked.

“How is that possible!” Chai Xiao looked at Xu Tui. “There are many ways to earn contribution points. However, the other methods are more difficult. For example, you can conduct research and have a revolutionary invention or breakthrough. Or you could have exceptional contribution in a certain line of work.”

Chai Xiao swiftly added, “You could also have contributed to a major incident. Also, our school has an annual ranking for students. You can obtain contribution points based on your rank.”

Xu Tui had a glimmer in his eyes. “That’s good. That’s simple.”

“Simple?”

Chai Xiao sighed. “Let me tell you. That is a hell-difficulty option.”

“Hell difficulty?”

Xu Tui was confused.

“Look, my abilities are quite remarkable, right? I became a Level C genetic liberator in just a year. It’s remarkable, right…”

“Look at your front teeth. You have already died in battle!”

Chai Xiao was just about to boast. Xu Tui’s words made him extremely depressed.

“No, I was careless just now…”

“You have already died in battle!”

“No, the battle just now had taken place in a battlefield that you have planned. It restricted my abilities…”

“You have already died in battle!”

Chai Xiao was speechless.

…

“Anyway, with my abilities, I managed to get into the very end of the top ranks. I placed 91st among the first years last year and got awarded one contribution point. Think about it for yourself.”

Chai Xiao, who Xu Tui had made a little depressed, shook his head in frustration. “Brother, you’ll realize in the future. Let’s go. Let’s go through your test first. There are not many people in the Mystery Branch and even fewer in the School of Enlightened Mind.

“That’s right, the general direction of your genetic base point abilities determined during the genetic exams are quite accurate. If you do not have any unique sensations or discoveries in the past few days, you can head directly to the registration or additional tests.”

Xu Tui shook his head after thinking about it.

“Oh, yes, Senior Chai, what level did you get for your level assessment last year? What level of treatment are you receiving now?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Chai Xiao immediately became smug when he heard Xu Tui’s question. He finally had a chance to show off.

He had been hit rather hard by his junior, Xu Tui.

He was feeling depressed from being looked down on by Xu Tui.

“My earliest rating for the level assessment was Level D. A month later, because of my exceptional performance, I triumphed over the rest of my cohort and started to enjoy low-grade Level C treatment until now.

“Let me tell you, out of all of the new students last year, not more than 50 of them are enjoying Level C treatment today.

“I am one of those 50!”

“You are so impressive, Senior Chai!” Xu Tui remarked, finally satisfying a part of Chai Xiao’s ego.

“Don’t worry, Brother. I’ve read through your profile. You have a foundation of 14 genetic base points. Coupled with my pointers and your connection with me, you are guaranteed a low-grade Level D treatment!”

Chai Xiao, who was now feeling a little satisfied, patted his chest forcefully.

“Then let me first express my thanks, Senior Chai.”

“It’s fine, it’s fine. It’s what I should do.”

The teacher-in-charge at the Mystery Branch’s School of Enlightened Mind was a middle-aged teacher who looked like he was about 30 years old.

Why was he described as middle-aged?

Mainly, it was because this teacher did not look old, but his hair had almost completely turned white. He was also wearing a thick set of glasses.

“Mr. Bian from the School of Enlightened Mind. It is said that he was a notorious genius many years ago,” Chai Xiao muttered.

“Hello, Mr. Bian. My name is Xu Tui, and I have enrolled in the School of Enlightened Mind. I am here for my level assessment.” Xu Tui was rather polite to teachers.

“Yes, Xu Tui, you came from Jincheng Prefecture, right? Let me first check the results of your blood sample.” Mr. Bian pushed up his glasses and started accessing the official interface in front of him. He glanced at the results and smiled.

“The comparison of your blood samples showed that you have activated 20 genetic base points. Based on the rules, you can be appraised as low-grade Level C. However, there is no clear direction for your abilities, so we have to lower a grade and set it as high-grade Level D.

“Though, the footnote in your profile states that you have sensory abilities.

“Go over there to the general sensory tests to test out your sensory abilities. If you do well, you should be able to be appraised as mid-grade Level C.

“Even if your sensory abilities are only average, you should have no problems obtaining an assessment of low-grade Level C.” Mr. Bian smiled at Xu Tui.

“Thank you, Mr. Bian.”

Chai Xiao was in a daze by the side.

“You should have no problems obtaining an assessment of low-grade Level C…” This sentence made Chai Xiao feel a little sour.