Chapter 33 - You Would Have Already Been Killed In Battle

Chapter 33: You Would Have Already Been Killed in Battle

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

“Hey, Brother, are you really that merciless? Are you not going to tell me any of the inside scoop at all?”

Chai Xiao, who had multicolored hair, soon changed from calling Xu Tui ‘Junior Xu Tui’, to ‘Junior Xu’, and now, ‘Brother’.

He had every intention to get the inside scoop.

...

However, the problem was that Xu Tui did not have any inside scoop at all.

No one would believe the truth.

Xu Tui was an expert liar. He could easily come up with a realistic lie if he wanted to.

However, Xu Tui also had a baseline.

He could lie his way through some things.

However, he could not lie about some matters.

Xu Tui did not mind his reputation.

However, Xu Tui could not speak nonsense since the matter involved An Xiaoxue’s reputation.

“Brother, as long as you are willing to teach me or tell me about it, you can name any condition you want. I, Chai Xiao, would definitely do anything as long as it is within my means.

“I won’t lie to you. I, Chai Xiao, have a certain amount of influence in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and even the capital.” Chai Xiao patted his chest to make himself look convincing.

Xu Tui was tired of Chai Xiao.

He wanted to sever ties with him.

However, if he did sever ties with him, it would be bad if the loudmouth spread the word around.

In this day and age, no one would bother listening to the good deeds you had done. However, rumors and gossip spread the fastest.

“Those are your words, not mine,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Chai Xiao was elated.

“Alright, you can tell me your conditions.”

The masked goddess of the Mystery Branch was someone that every student, lecturer, and even associate professor desired.

No one could have expected her to be taken down by the lad from Jincheng Prefecture standing in front of him.

Chai Xiao thought that An Xiaoxue had been taken down by Xu Tui.

There were too many pieces of evidence.

“I’ve got a little talent that I’ve practiced since I was very young. It’s called the bean-flicking technique.” Xu Tui gently flicked his finger. The sound of an object piercing through the air rang out. A soybean crashed into the back of a steel chair.

The soybean crumbled.

There was a slight dent on the back of the steel chair.

“If you can avoid my attacks in this room, I’ll tell you everything you want to know,” Xu Tui declared. “Of course, if you can’t dodge my attacks, you’ll have to listen to what I say and not mention this to anyone else. Even more so, you are not to probe further.”

Chai Xiao was elated when he heard this.

“Brother, I think you are not familiar with my background. I am from the Extreme Branch and am currently a Level C genetic liberator,” Chai Xiao revealed. “Of the abilities I have activated, two of them are related to speed and one related to reflexes. The speed of my reflexes is only 0.01 second. Are you sure you want to do this?”

Xu Tui glanced toward Chai Xiao, a little surprised.

He was not surprised that Chai Xiao was a Level C genetic liberator. Instead, he was surprised that even though Chai Xiao looked unorthodox and unreliable, he was rather upright in his actions.

“I am sure.” Xu Tui nodded.

“You can’t take back your words!”

Xu Tui glanced at Chai Xiao with a look of disdain. He extended his little finger and said, “Are you a man?”

“Do you want to make a pinky promise?”

“As true men, our words are worth their weight in gold. There’s no need for that!” Chai Xiao was elated.

Xu Tui was still staring at Chai Xiao with a look of disdain.

What a villain!

Chai Xiao did not have anything to say before accepting the challenge. He was afraid that Xu Tui would take back his words.

Xu Tui did not say a word either.

He already had a soybean in his right hand.

When he saw the situation, Chai Xiao immediately ran to the side of the window and tried his best to widen the distance between Xu Tui and himself. He then left some room for him to dodge Xu Tui’s attacks.

He was an intelligent man. He was also very cautious.

“Come!” Chai Xiao said as he concentrated on Xu Tui.

Whoosh!

Just as Chai Xiao had just finished his sentence, Xu Tui flicked his finger.

A smile appeared on Chai Xiao’s face. He was extremely confident in himself. He leaned his body backward, fast as lightning.

The soybean that Xu Tui shot missed its target completely and crashed onto the glass. It instantly shattered the window.

The sound of the shattering glass rang out the same time Chai Xiao’s lips had formed a smile.

Boom!

At that instant, Chai Xiao covered his mouth and let out a cry of exclamation.

One of his front teeth had been hit by a soybean. Blood flowed out of the wound incessantly.

“You… Weren’t you using your right hand? How can you also shoot it with your left hand?” Chai Xiao was startled.

“Did I mention that I can only use it with my right hand? I only said that I know the bean-flicking technique, right?” Xu Tui told Chai Xiao.

“I don’t have any problems if you don’t want to uphold your promise.” Xu Tui shrugged as he looked at the startled Chai Xiao.

Chai Xiao had a dejected expression. He was in a daze for a few seconds before he said with a disappointed tone, “As a man, I have to keep my promise even if it kills me. You won. I will honor my word.”

Xu Tui didn’t respond. Chai Xiao added, “You are a new student, so I’ll give you three months. We can try this again after three months. When that time comes, I won’t be careless again.”

“Alright!”

Xu Tui quickly agreed to the request.

“Oh, yes, I have something that I need to remind you about.”

“Speak!”

“If it had been a real battle just now and if I had changed my target from your front teeth to your eyes, you would have already been killed in battle,” Xu Tui said.

Chai Xiao felt as though he had been struck by lightning. He stood at his original position without moving. He felt extremely uncomfortable.

It was only half a minute later when Xu Tui had cleaned up the room and was about to walk out the door that Chai Xiao chased after him.

“You’ve participated in a real battle in the past?”

“I’ve experienced it.”

“I see. Thank you!” Chai Xiao said.

“There’s no need to thank me. You’ll pay for the shattered glass,” Xu Tui remarked.

“I…”

Chai Xiao opened his mouth but had no choice but to nod.

…

“Brother, let’s draw your blood first to do a blood sample test. That way, we wouldn’t experience any delays during the subsequent stages of the level assessment.

“There are many tests in the level assessment that can only be conducted after you get the results of your blood sample.

“The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College is huge, and we pay a great deal of attention to the environment. The fastest way to get around the campus is by public bicycles. Or you can run.”

Chai Xiao sent Xu Tui to the location where the blood sample was collected in the shortest amount of time possible. However, there was already a line of people in front of him.

“Send me a message after you get your blood drawn. Then, head to this location where we had been just now. I’ll bring you around to your other tests. Also, contact Cheng Mo. It will be best if he can follow along.

“If he can’t come, I will have to find another person to successfully complete my task. I’ll go guide a few other students now.”

They exchanged contacts. Then, Chai Xiao got onto a public bicycle and rode at a speed that could rival a car. His multicolored hair danced in the wind as if it was a waving flag.

After getting in line, Xu Tui was about to call Cheng Mo when he received a call from Cheng Mo.

“Mozi, how was last night? Did anything happen out of chatting about life with the young nurses?” Xu Tui asked sarcastically.

“There were nurses, but there were no young ones!” Cheng Mo’s tone was full of grief. “I haven’t managed to react last night when I was carried onto a bed from the gurney. I could have gotten onto the bed myself!”

Xu Tui’s mind automatically filled in the possible scene. He wanted to laugh.

“The nurse was a middle-aged lady?”

“It would have been decent if it was a middle-aged lady.”

“A male nurse?”

The other end of the line became silent…

…

“Do you want to come and do the level assessment?” Xu Tui tried his best to fulfill his brotherly duties. He diverted Cheng Mo away from the sad topic.

“Of course. My level assessment doesn’t require me to use any strength. Wait for me…”

…

Xu Tui spent half an hour at the blood sample station, mainly because there were many people here.

During this time, Xu Tui saw Chai Xiao bring along two other batches of people and arranged everything for them before he came to look for Xu Tui, who had just finished drawing his blood.

“I’ve explained the situation to them. Let’s go, let’s test out your overall abilities first. It is easier for you as you are from the School of Enlightened Mind. There are not many people there either. It should be fast,” Chai Xiao advised Xu Tui.

Xu Tui looked at Chai Xiao curiously. “We are all staying at the student reception center. Why did you not call all of us in one sitting to have our blood samples taken? Why did you have to call us in batches? They would have to spend more than an hour in line to have their blood samples taken now, wouldn’t they?”

“I did that intentionally.” Chai Xiao shrugged his shoulders.

“Intentionally?”

“That’s right. If I don’t do this intentionally, how would I be able to complete my mission of guiding 10 juniors in a day? If we do not count Cheng Mo, you guys have been allocated to three different testing locations and directions,” Chai Xiao explained. “The time delay of them queuing to have their blood samples taken is just enough for me to guide you guys to complete your level assessment and registration in batches.”

That was a more intelligent method.

“There’s a reward?” Xu Tui asked. Under normal circumstances, a volunteer would not go to such lengths.

“Yes.” Chai Xiao nodded. “You guys can also accept this mission next year. The mission is to guide and help 10 new students in completing the necessary steps for their enrolment into the school. You’ll receive one contribution point if the new students did not give you any negative feedback.” Chai Xiao quickly added, “That’s 0.1 contribution point per student.”

“Contribution? Only one point?”

Xu Tui’s words caused Chai Xiao to let out an exaggerated shout, “What only one point? Do you know how hard it is to get contribution points? Among your seniors, at least half of them are still trying to break past the magnificent score of zero. It’s so hard to earn contribution points…”

Chai Xiao sighed as he spoke.

“Break past zero?”

“Of course! The easiest way of obtaining contribution points is to do battle. However, both the danger and our abilities do not allow us to do that. We can only accept missions like these that give contribution points.”

Xu Tui contemplated on this new information. Chai Xiao went on, Don’t look down on this mission. I only managed to snatch this mission from the school’s mission release page after staring at it for half a day. My eyes were aching by the end.”

“How many contribution points do you have now?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Hearing this, Chai Xiao had a confident look. “Even though I have never participated in any battle missions, I’ve tried my best to be a good student and have actively completed the missions released by the school in my two years here… I’ve already accumulated five contribution points. I’ll have six points by the time I am done with this mission.”

“Only five points?”

Xu Tui suddenly remembered that he had received six contribution points as a reward from the special intelligence division back when he was in Jincheng Prefecture.

The number of contribution points he had was far higher than a second-year senior!

This feeling…

Joy!

Chai Xiao, who had been feeling a little smug, did not understand why Xu Tui’s mood had suddenly improved.

However, it did not prevent him from being proud of himself.

“Oh, yes, Senior Chai, what can contribution points be used for in the school?” Xu Tui inquired.

“The points are extremely useful.”

“More important than money?”

“You are comparing contribution points with money? Are you trying to sully the contribution points?” Chai Xiao had an unpleasant expression. “Let’s go, we are in a rush. Let’s first head to the testing location of the Mystery Branch. We’ll talk about it on the way there.”