Chapter 37 - Defeating Half The Men Of The Extreme Branch Institute

Chapter 37: Defeating Half the Men of the Extreme Branch Institute

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

The muscular new student brought along three other students and forced his way to the front of the queue. It caused a commotion among the other students in the queue.

However, despite the commotion, not many students criticized his actions, even though they were obviously dissatisfied.

Many of the students silently moved to the side when they heard the roars of the muscular new student.

...

“Students, please make way. I have mid-grade Level E rights. I am in a rush!”

“Students, please make way. I have mid-grade Level E rights. I am in a rush!”

The issue of individual rights had been ingrained in everyone’s heart during the hundred years of the Great Genetic Era as it had been written into law.

According to law, individuals with a high level of rights enjoyed priority when it came to ordinary public facilities and services.

In fact, many merchants would specify on their terms and conditions that people with high individual rights had priority in purchasing their items.

Of course, the issue of high individual rights was relative.

A person with Level E rights would not be able to enjoy much of an added convenience in society.

The difficulty of obtaining Level E rights mainly applied to students. Many people should have no problems obtaining Level E rights after working their entire lives.

For example, an employee in a government organization would be able to obtain Level E rights when they reached a certain rank or worked there for a certain number of years.

Even a person with the lowest rank would be able to obtain low-grade Level E rights after they toiled for 20 years.

However, a person could only obtain a maximum of high-grade Level E rights based on how long they served in the organization.

Despite that, Level E rights were considered extremely high in front of a bunch of high-schoolers, who only had Level F rights.

Furthermore, the new student had mid-grade Level E rights.

Upgrading from Level F rights to low-grade Level E rights required 10 contribution points. An individual could obtain mid-grade Level E rights with 50 contribution points and high-grade Level E rights with 100 contribution points.

Based on the current individual rights system, there were only two reasons that the muscular new student managed to obtain mid-grade Level E rights at such a young age.

The first was that his father was exceptional but had sacrificed himself in battle.

Based on the regulations of the Blue Star Alliance, if a person with Level D rights or above sacrificed themselves in battle, they could appoint an offspring to inherit their individual rights through a will or a relevant department in the genetic committee.

Their individual rights would be inherited after it was dropped by one level.

Of course, that was a general explanation. The specifics of right inheritance could take up an entire book.

In other words, if this muscular new student’s father was exceptional and had sacrificed himself in battle, then giving the descendant of such a hero priority was the duty of a citizen in the Great Genetic Era.

The second possibility was that this muscular new student was exceptional and had accumulated over 50 contribution points through various means with his efforts. That would give him mid-grade Level E rights.

This possibility was also worthy of respect.

Obtaining contribution points was not as simple as just nabbing a thief.

What constituted a contribution?

Only by contributing or sacrificing for the public, for the country, for the people, and for humanity could be considered a contribution.

As contribution points represented special rights, the definition of a contribution was extremely strict.

However, no matter which possibility it was, the college students who only held Level F rights had to make way for the mid-grade Level E rights of the muscular new student.

Under such a situation, even Chai Xiao, who had come to look for Xu Tui earlier, had to lean toward the barricade and make way.

This was how important individual rights were.

Thus, after the muscular new student revealed his individual rights, no one dared to flare up or cause trouble even though he was forcing his way to the front of the queue.

Many students even actively made way.

Occasionally, a few students moved to the side too slowly and were pushed away by the muscular new student. However, all the students could do was glare at him.

They could request an apology from the muscular new student for pushing them around.

After all, even though individual rights allowed a person to enjoy conveniences and special rights, they should not be used to bully others.

However, there was no point in arguing in this situation.

They cursed under their breaths and let the matter pass.

Just like that, the students in the queue parted like the tide and allowed the muscular new student and his group to arrive at the front of the queue.

At this moment, Xu Tui had already handed his materials to the teacher and was about to be allowed into the testing venue for his examination.

After handing his materials to the teacher with both hands, Xu Tui found the time to glance at his communication device.

He was sent a string of eight to nine messages. Who would be that bored?

However, Xu Tui froze the moment he glanced at the messages.

At the same time, the shouts from the muscular new student came from behind him, “I am in a rush. Make way. I have mid-grade Level E rights!”

Xu Tui quickly turned around and smiled when he heard that. “Student, I’ve already handed my stuff over to the teacher. Please wait a moment.”

The muscular new student leading the group knitted his brows but did not speak. However, a dark-skinned student beside the muscular new student started to scold Xu Tui, “Brother Yuan asked you to make way. Are you deaf? Can you not hear him?”

Xu Tui’s smiling face instantly turned cold when he got scolded.

Xu Tui did not look at the dark-skinned student. Instead, he looked at the muscular new student and said, “Student, individual rights are a right. It is a contribution and, even more so, an honor. I hope that you would not use it to step on others’ rights and defile it.”

Xu Tui shrugged after he said that, then swiftly added, “I’ve already submitted my materials. How can I make way?”

Xu Tui had just finished his sentence when the dark-skinned student scolded him again before the muscular teenager could say anything, “Move to the side. Does Brother Yuan look like someone you can lecture?”

Xu Tui had no intention of making way.

“F*ck, you’re really testing my patience.”

The dark-skinned teen pulled his sleeves up when he saw that Xu Tui had no intention of moving. He took action and pushed Xu Tui to the side.

The force caused Xu Tui to stagger backward uncontrollably. His lower waist crashed onto the side of the table. Xu Tui’s face turned pale in pain as he gasped.

Xu Tui did not curse.

Cursing at them now was a sign of weakness.

Xu Tui glared coldly at the dark-skinned teenager, then rubbed his waist and walked with determination to where the window was. He stood beside the muscular teenager at the front of the queue and applied strength with his legs. He forcefully squeezed the teenager out of the queue.

“Make way!”

“Teacher, how long more do I have to wait for the examination?” Xu Tui asked.

The ordinary teacher who had just placed Xu Tui’s materials to the side glanced at Xu Tui. He was put on a spot but still said, “According to the sequence, the next one would be you. It should probably take three to five minutes.”

The muscular teenager had been forced to the side by Xu Tui and had a slight look of anger on his face. The dark-skinned teenager beside him added fuel to the fire, “Brother Yuan, this lad is not giving you any face.”

“Darn you, you’re really pushing it!”

The muscular teen, Yuan Shu, lost control of his emotion. He punched his right hand out with lightning speed and grabbed Xu Tui by the collar.

The teenager had startling strength.

He raised Xu Tui off the ground just by holding onto Xu Tui’s collar.

Xu Tui instantly found it difficult to breathe.

“Darn it!”

Xu Tui was not a weakling either. He had probed out his right hand instantly as he was being lifted and grasped onto Yuan Shu’s right hand with his fingers.

More accurately, he had grasped onto the gaps between Yuan Shu’s index, middle, and ring finger.

He applied force.

He pressed down with all his strength.

Creak!

Immediately, Yuan Shu let out a dull grunt. His right palm and arm were being locked up. He could not stop his body from kneeling.

Xu Tui landed on the ground.

Yuan Shu had taken a kneeling position due to Xu Tui’s grasp. He was about to kneel in front of Xu Tui!

However, Yuan Shu was a powerful fighter. He took the risk of a fracture in his arm and pointed his left elbow forward. He then balled his body and pushed toward Xu Tui.

Yuan Shu was an Extreme Branch fighter. His push forward displayed a startling amount of power.

He was much stronger than Xu Tui in terms of power.

The only reason Xu Tui managed to counterattack just now was that he had activated genetic base points relating to palm and finger strength. It was just that Xu Tui had only utilized the strength in the form of the bean-flicking technique.

Xu Tui would definitely fracture a bone or vomit blood if he got hit by Yuan Shu’s charge.

Xu Tui was also a fighter.

He had a wealth of experience fighting in the forest during high school.

Furthermore, the stalking incident and the battle with the modified human A’Hu had caused Xu Tui to undergo a fundamental transformation. He was now decisive and merciless when he did things.

He would take action.

If he took action, it would definitely be swift and decisive!

While Yuan Shu was charging at him with his balled-up body, Xu Tui rapidly kicked forward with his left leg.

Boom!

Xu Tui’s left leg connected first.

It hit Yuan Shu’s groin with lightning speed.

Yuan Shu immediately let out a pathetic cry. His body arched forward like a shrimp as he locked his legs tightly together.

His mouth was wide open, yet he could not produce a sound. He seemed to be in extreme pain.

Snot and tears instantly poured out of Yuan Shu’s face.

Everyone froze.

Everyone was dumbfounded.

No one could have expected an unassuming tussle to instantly become this violent.

After a momentary shock, the three students who had rushed forward along with Yuan Shu immediately roared with anger.

“Oh, f*ck!”

“Despicable!”

“You sure play dirty!”

“Attack together. Beat him up!”

While the curses rang out, the three students who had come forward along with Yuan Shu attacked Xu Tui at the same time. They did so perhaps out of honor or some other reason.

Chai Xiao, who was watching the show a few meters away, immediately changed his expression. He rushed forward quickly.

“F*ck, Yuan Shu, do you care about your reputation or not?”

The teenagers who had followed Yuan Shu did not care about these things. They raised their fists toward Xu Tui.

The high-schoolers in this day and age were very powerful.

Not only did they undergo intense physical training in their third year, but the physical education teacher would also teach them brawling and self-defense techniques from time to time.

The joint manipulation technique that Xu Tui had used just now was something that Yu Zeping had demonstrated to them during their free time.

Furthermore, students whose families could afford it would also join supplementary classes for their physical ability, brawling classes, martial arts classes, etc.

The three people, who were assaulting Xu Tui at this moment, had power and technique behind their attacks. They had obviously practiced this before.

Xu Tui would have to take a serious beating today if their attacks connected.

This was what made Chai Xiao, who had been watching the ruckus, anxious.

Chai Xiao was anxious. However, Xu Tui, who was the target, was not flustered at all.

When he had taken Yuan Shu down, Xu Tui had already reached his hand into his pocket and was prepared to defend himself against his three underlings.

During the instant when the three students were going to attack to seek revenge for Yuan Shu, Xu Tui pulled his hands out of his pocket and flicked his fingers, taking advantage of the momentum he had when moving backward.

Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!

The sound of objects piercing through the air was fierce and brief.

Almost instantly, the dark-skinned teenager, whose name was Ma Zixu, and the rest of the group suddenly let out a cry of pain. They then grasped their throats with both arms as they looked at Xu Tui in fear.

This was especially so for Ma Zixu. He was groaning, and his face had turned red. It seemed as though he could not catch his breath.

Chai Xiao, who had just arrived in front of Xu Tui, looked at him. He then glanced toward the four people that Xu Tui had defeated with a look of shock.

It was as though the Xu Tui that he had known before was a fake.

The Xu Tui he had known before, he always had a smile on his face and treated people with warmth. He was like a neighborly hunk.

But the current Xu Tui, he was merciless, decisive, and even a little sinister in his attack.

He looked more like an experienced soldier.

“These few students are said to be the elites of this year’s batch of new students of the Extreme Branch Institute. Yuan Shu is also rumored to be among the top three new students of the Extreme Branch Institute.”

“Brother, you are impressive!”

“You took down half of the Extreme Branch Institute alone!”

Chai Xiao gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up.

Xu Tui ignored Chai Xiao. Instead, he glared at Ma Zixu and his group. A soybean was jumping agilely between his fingers.

“Do you guys still want to take me on together? This time, I won’t hit your throat. I’ll aim at your eyes! I’ll make your eyes explode!” Xu Tui had a cold tone in his voice. “I’ll even make your heads explode!”

He had held back just now.

However, he did not intend to scare anyone with his words.

An inexperienced person knew no fear.

The more experienced a person was, the more cowardly he would be.

He had a reason for his actions.

An experienced hooligan would hold back when he was beating someone up.

Their target would be beaten up a bit heavily and feel a little more pain, but their lives would not be threatened.

However, if a target was beaten up by a group of young hooligans, the attackers might not hold back and kill their target.

They wanted to be brutal and feel good. They would put their full force behind their attacks and did not care about the consequences.

It was normal for people like these to beat their targets to death.

During the years Xu Tui had studied in Jincheng Prefecture, there had been many incidents of students beating someone else to death.

Actually, no one was willing or was deliberately trying to beat someone else to death.

However, who knew what would happen when everyone was hot-headed during battle?

Xu Tui had even personally witnessed a high-schooler losing his life in battle in the forest.

Everyone was sitting down and resting after the battle when they realized that someone had stopped breathing.

…

Xu Tui did not want to gamble with his life. That was why he had been so brutal just now.

Of course, if the three of them had accidentally killed Xu Tui just now, what awaited them was the punishment of the law.

However, did that have anything to do with Xu Tui?

Even if there was, it would have been gone.

Thus, when Xu Tui took action just now, he targeted a vital point: the throat.

The soybean ‘bullet’ would not be fatal, but it could stop or even injure the three of them.