Chapter 40 - An Observation Mission On Number 37

Chapter 40: An Observation Mission on Number 37

Translator:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Editor:

Nyoi-Bo Studio

Xu Tui quickly became a legendary first-year student in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

He had become regarded more highly than several other talented students in an instant.

For example, Peter, who had activated 25 genetic base points, was hailed as the first demon-like genius they had seen in 10 years.

...

He was already confirmed as a Level F genetic liberator on the first day of school.

It was rumored that he would be able to advance to become a Level E genetic liberator if he unlocked another ability chain.

There was also Zuo Qingqing, who had activated 24 genetic base points. She was rated as a Level F genetic liberator from the Mystery Branch.

There was Che Heng, who had also activated 24 genetic base points. He was also rated as a Level F genetic liberator.

…

Under normal circumstances, these were the new students who would receive the most attention.

The official website of the school, newsletters, and pamphlets would focus their reports on these students.

However, information regarding Xu Tui appeared on these outlets in just half an hour.

A powerhouse with Level D rights among the new students!

Defeating four people alone with a soybean, unmatched!

A monster who had defeated half of the Extreme Branch Institute!

Level D rights, soybean god, handsome, and tall—there was no explaining this!

…

A variety of news and fresh reports appeared on all social media outlets.

Of course, there was also negative news.

There were also a lot of doubts.

Even teachers did not have Level D rights, much less a student and a new student at that.

As the student in question, Xu Tui scanned through the news articles before turning his communication device off.

Xu Tui had not wanted to reveal his low-grade Level D rights to the public in such an explosive way.

If it was possible, Xu Tui preferred to keep quiet and take advantage of his high-level rights.

Unfortunately, Yuan Shu did not give him that opportunity.

Between the options of keeping a low profile and not affecting his future, Xu Tui had decisively chosen the latter.

Xu Tui entered the testing point for palm and finger strength amid the gazes of many students.

Compared to just now, the teacher at the testing point now regarded Xu Tui more heavily. He even seemed like he was taking care of Xu Tui.

“Remember, use your finger and palm strength at full power. You can leverage a little power through here.” The teacher-in-charge was very friendly.

“Leverage power?”

Xu Tui did not understand.

“Finger and palm strength is a small portion of your overall strength and can be easily affected by your lower arm and wrist strength. It won’t matter much if you leverage a little power during the test,” the teacher-in-charge elaborated.

Xu Tui was shocked.

“Teacher, is that considered cheating?”

“No.” The teacher-in-charge gave a determined answer, “It will be regarded as a minor flaw in the test at most.”

A member of the Invigilation Department was also present, but he did not say anything.

“You are still so young. What’s wrong with taking a little care of you?”

Xu Tui was startled.

Those words did not sound right.

Take care of him?

She should not do that.

“If anyone has any opinions, get them to get their fathers onto the battlefield. I’ll take care of them immediately,” the teacher-in-charge said as she fiddled with the testing equipment.

Xu Tui realized what was going on.

The teacher had the same misunderstanding that Chai Xiao had.

She thought that Xu Tui had inherited his low-grade Level D rights.

She thought that Xu Tui’s father was an unnamed hero who had sacrificed himself.

Xu Tui wanted to explain. However, he did not say anything after he thought about it.

This matter was too troublesome.

How would he explain where he got his individual rights from if he did not inherit them?

He would have to give a long-winded explanation.

He might as well not mention it.

Let the misunderstanding remained a misunderstanding.

It was just a little unfair to his father.

It was not too unfair.

There were no superstitions in this scientific society.

His father would not become a hero who sacrificed himself just because someone else said that of him.

“Little Xu Tui, you are quite impressive. Finger strength of 37 kilograms and an explosive speed of 22 meters per second. Your accuracy is 82% within a five-meter range. You will receive an excellent rating even without the special care.”

“Thank you, Teacher!”

“Good boy, you can go now.” The female teacher had a doting look on her face.

Xu Tui was speechless.

Xu Tui was satisfied that he successfully obtained a good rating on the finger strength test.

Chai Xiao felt a little pity for Xu Tui when he saw his result slip.

“Almost. If you have a finger strength of over 50 kilograms, an explosive speed of over 25 meters/second, and an accuracy of 80% within a 10-meter range, then you would be deemed as having activated a genetic ability chain and receive a rating that was off the charts.

“You would be regarded as a Level F genetic liberator.

“Being regarded as a Level F genetic liberator would make your level assessment rise by another grade.”

Chai Xiao suddenly slipped into a daze. “My God, your grip strength has made your assessment rise by one grade, which makes you mid-grade Level C.

“You’ll have a rating of high-grade Level C if you become a Level F genetic liberator.

“You’ll become the best student in the school!

“Fortunately you are not.

“You would only be able to receive a rating of mid-grade Level C.”

Chai Xiao heaved a sigh of relief. He was still feeling a little envious.

However, it only lasted an instant.

The next moment, Chai Xiao shifted to Xu Tui’s side and asked, “Hey, Brother, can you tell me how exactly you got your low-grade Level D right?”

“Old Chai, I’ve already told you. I really discovered a spy on the way here. Why do you not believe me?”

“Is it that easy to discover a spy? Every year during the college admissions season, various prefectures would suffer heavy casualties because spies leaked confidential information.

“The special intelligence division takes extreme precautions every year, yet they could not eliminate all of the spies and traitors…,” Chai Xiao said.

“You can’t put it that way. If the special intelligence division is not around, there would be more incidents of spies and traitors causing massive casualties,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s true.”

…

Soon, Xu Tui returned to the testing center at the Mystery Branch Institute.

Xu Tui felt an indescribable sense of ease the moment he arrived at the testing center of the Mystery Branch Institute.

Too many people were at the Extreme Branch Institute. It was too crowded.

Arriving at the Mystery Branch Institute from the Extreme Branch Institute felt like he had stepped out of the crowded city and into the wilderness.

It was vast and empty.

There was no queue in front of the teacher at the School of Enlightened Mind.

Mr. Bian, whose hair had almost turned white, was sipping on a goji berry tea as he flipped through his book.

“Mr. Bian.”

“Oh, you’ve completed your test. Why did you take so long? Let me have a look.” Mr. Bian fetched over Xu Tui’s result slip.

“Oh, so you went over to the Extreme Branch Institute to test out an ability. Excellent rating, not bad.”

After verifying the materials, Mr. Bian printed a final evaluation report.

“Xu Tui, you activated 20 genetic base points and have a fundamental rating of low-grade Level C. Your sensory abilities have been rated as ordinary, which can only stop your low-grade Level C rating from falling to high-grade Level D.

“However, your rating from finger strength is excellent. Based on the regulations, your rating will be pushed up by one grade.

“So, your new student level assessment will be mid-grade Level C. Do you have any problems with that?” Mr. Bian asked.

“No problems.” Xu Tui nodded.

After confirming the details again, Mr. Bian printed a results verification form and handed it over to Xu Tui.

“Here, this is your final rating verification form. It will also act as your level treatment form. Your level treatment will remain at this level for the next three months.” Mr. Brian instructed, “Sign on it if you have no problems.”

Xu Tui fetched over the form and was about to sign his name when he suddenly froze.

“Mr. Bian, did you make a mistake? I should be rated as mid-grade Level C, but why is my level treatment high-grade Level C?” Xu Tui said.

By the side, Chai Xiao quickly shifted over. “To think that something this good would happen to you… Mr. Bian, when can you make a mistake on my report too? Does the School of Enlightened Mind treat its students so well?”

“Student Chai, if you think that way, you can apply to transfer to the School of Enlightened Mind in the Mystery Branch Institute. If your transfer is approved by the college, I will definitely try my best to guide you along,” Mr. Bian gave a serious answer. It was also an uninteresting answer.

“Also, that is not a mistake,” he quickly added. “Xu Tui’s rating is mid-grade Level C, but the level treatment he would enjoy is high-grade Level C.”

“Why is that the case?” Both Xu Tui and Chai Xiao were confused.

“Don’t you know?” Mr. Bian returned a question. “Xu Tui, you are a student specially recruited by Professor An. You are the only specially recruited student in the School of Enlightened Mind this year.

“Specially recruited students can receive a level treatment one grade higher than their rating for the next year.

“So Xu Tui, that’s why you are enjoying high-grade Level C treatment even though you are rated as mid-grade Level C.”

“So that’s the case. Thank you, Mr. Bian.”

Xu Tui signed his name on the form.

“Yes, this will be uploaded onto the college’s system to get approved. Once it is approved, you will be able to enjoy your high-grade Level C treatment,” Mr. Bian said.

Chai Xiao was speechless.

Senior Chai’s heart had been tinged sour with jealousy.

The School of General Senses and School of Enlightened Mind had both used their special recruitment recommendation, and they had both given it to the same person.

Why did no one fight to give him their special recruitment recommendation when he entered the school last year…

…

“Miss An, thank you for your special recruitment recommendation.”

Xu Tui sent An Xiaoxue a message to express his gratitude after he completed the verification of his level assessment.

“There’s no need to thank me. It was agreed on by all of the teachers in the School of Enlightened Mind.

“Oh, yes, have you completed all of the things you need to do?”

“Almost. I just finished all the tests, but have not completed the rest of the procedures.”

“Alright, complete it faster. Come and look for me after you are done. There’s something I need to talk to you about.”

“Alright, Miss An.”

Xu Tui returned a string of texts. The last message made him a little curious.

Why would An Xiaoxue be anxiously looking for him?

“Hey, Old Chai, hurry and lead me to complete the registration procedures. My teacher is looking for me.”

“Alright!” Chai Xiao quickly agreed.

In just half a day, the relationship between the two of them had increased rapidly. Xu Tui had addressed Chai Xiao first as Senior Chai Xiao, to Senior Chai, and now, Old Chai!

…

At the same time, in a mysterious hall, several hundred screens suddenly lit up. Many notifications appeared on the screens. It instantly caused the entire hall to look like a starry galaxy.

All of the notifications finally gathered at the largest screen at the center of the hall.

Sometime later, strings of words started to jump in the largest screen at the center of the hall.

“Discovery from the overall observation: Long-term Observation Target Number 37 is displaying deep abnormalities and has met the contact guidance condition. Number 1, please confirm the contact guidance procedure.”

“Discovery from the overall observation: Long-term Observation Target Number 37 is displaying deep abnormalities and has met the contact guidance condition. Number 1, please confirm the contact guidance procedure.”

…

“There has been no reply from Number 1 for a long time. Initiating predetermined procedures.”

“There are a total of three contact guidance procedures that fit Long-term Observation Target Number 37’s general surroundings.”

“Ordering Number 9 to attempt contacting and guiding Long-term Observation Target Number 37, as well as to execute the observation mission!”

“Number 9 has no reply.”

“Number 9 has no reply. Choosing Number 14 to attempt contacting and guiding Long-term Observation Target Number 37, as well as to execute the observation mission.”

“Number 14 replied that he has no time at the moment.”

“Ordering Number 26 to attempt contacting and guiding Long-term Observation Target Number 37, as well as to execute the observation mission.”

“Number 26 has replied and agreed to execute the mission.”

“The mission has started…”