Chapter 49 - Xu Tui

Chapter 49: Xu Tui

The second day after arriving at the capital.

The 15th of June.

Today was also the time for registration.

...

Xu Tui mourned for the students from the Extreme Branch Institute who were still queuing for their turn. He then got up and went to the canteen for breakfast. There were many students in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. There were even several canteens.

There was basically a large-scale canteen in every residential area. However, the most popular canteen in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was the Taste Buds Extreme Food Center in Residential Area B.

The tastiest things there were Sichuan Cuisine and a variety of desserts. However, the most famous of them all were his junior sisters and beautiful women.

Residential Area B was the female dormitory. Most of the girls would eat at the Taste Buds Extreme Food Center in Area B. Boys had to register in detail if they wanted to enter their dormitory building in Area B. There was also a time limit.

However, the Taste Buds Food Center in Residential Area B was open to all students.

The male students naturally understood what to do. The first-year students might not have reacted yet, but the second-year students, third-year students, and fourth-year students were all experienced.

The new student reports meant that many unowned flowers had arrived. They had to think of a way to get the fresh flowers in first, no matter what happened. Thus, the hottest piece of news in the school this morning was the long queue at the Taste Buds Extreme Food Center in Area B where it was difficult to get a table.

The seniors, who had been taught a lesson, tried their best to hit on the junior sisters.

Some of them had already bought eggs five times. The eggs would even fall onto the ground every time. And the eggs would land on a new junior sister every time.

….

Xu Tui did not head to Area B’s Taste Buds Extreme Food Center. Instead, he obediently went to the Bravehearts Food Center in Area C. Of course, it was not because Xu Tui was not interested in the new students.

However, Xu Tui felt that the truly handsome person should be waiting for someone to hit on him instead of actively hitting on someone else.

In simpler terms…

They were like fresh flowers. As long as they were in full bloom, they would spontaneously attract many little bees and butterflies.

Xu Tui felt that he had to study hard and train every day so that he could bloom as soon as possible.

There were not many people in Area C, so there was no need to queue. There were delicacies from all over the country here. They did not have to worry about not being to their liking.

He ate a bowl of beef noodles with green onions and glistening red chili oil, then a plate of meat buns, a bowl of shrimp soup, and three eggs. His stomach felt good, but his wallet was hurting. He continued to browse through the trending topics on the campus while he ate.

Xu Tui was ranked second on the trending list.

Xu Tui’s expression suddenly turned dark as he read the report.

“A new student beat the Extreme Branch Institute alone! Impressive!”

The attached video had a picture of how Xu Tui defeated Yuan Shu and his group yesterday. There were no problems with the video. However, this headline attracted too much attention.

There were more than 3,000 comments. Many of them were rational. But most of them expressed their dissatisfaction.

“We want to fight!”

“Please come and beat us up!”

“I want to deal with this new student.”

There were even some comments that wanted to know more about this so-called new student. There were even some who declared that they would find an opportunity to defeat this powerful new student in three months.

Xu Tui’s information was also revealed in the comments.

“It was Xu Tui, a new student from the Mystery Branch’s School of Enlightened Mind.”

His name was called out.

Xu Tui scrolled down. His expression became uglier. Five of the top 10 trending topics in the school were related to him. Furthermore, every headline was extremely exaggerated.

“A new student claimed that he could destroy the Extreme Branch Institute with a soybean.”

“New student, soybean superhuman, beating up the Extreme Branch Institute. He could use one bean to explode the eyeballs, two beans for a headshot…”

….

Framing! Someone was definitely framing him.

“What the f*ck…” Xu Tui crushed a peanut in his mouth. They were making enemies for him.

At this rate, Xu Tui would soon become the public enemy of the Extreme Branch Institute. Of course, it was not that exaggerated. However, there would definitely be a large number of Extreme Branch students and seniors who disliked Xu Tui.

They might not actively cause trouble for Xu Tui. However, it would be normal if they happened to have the opportunity to step on Xu Tui. Some of them might even take the initiative to cause trouble for Xu Tui.

In this day and age, there were many people who wanted to become famous and flirt with girls to show off. There were even those who purely found the other party an eyesore.

Xu Tui checked out the people who reposted or uploaded these trending topics. He did not recognize any of them. However, he did recognize two of them. Those two people were the hottest topic in the school. This was especially so for the video that had the hottest comment of over 3,000.

“Yuan Shu did it?”

Xu Tui instantly accessed his contacts and prepared to call Chai Xiao.

Yuan Shu was too much. He had just signed the report yesterday and got Chai Xiao to submit it. Yet, in the blink of an eye, he was creating enemies for him in the entire school. He was too much.

However, Xu Tui put the phone away after he dialed the number. It was not appropriate to call Chai Xiao.

Xu Tui had taken the money for the report, so there was nothing wrong with Chai Xiao being the middleman. The matter of making enemies for Xu Tui and the rest of the school was another matter. It had nothing to do with Chai Xiao anymore.

Xu Tui thought about this for a long time while he sat in the dining room. There was no point in looking for anyone at this moment.

The momentum of this incident had caused Xu Tui to become enemies with the Extreme Branch. There was a high chance that he would come into conflict with the Extreme Branch in the future.

However, what could Xu Tui do even if he found the person who published the report or the mastermind behind the incident? He did not have any evidence either. What could Xu Tui do to Yuan Shu even if he admitted to it? Would he be able to sue him to the school’s disciplinary division?

He could avoid all of the problems with just a headline. However, it would not solve the problems that Xu Tui might face in the future.

Of course, there was another way.

Xu Tui could find a verified account and record a video of him admitting his mistake and admitting defeat to the Extreme Branch Institute. He could probably solve most of the problems by bowing a few more times.

However, Xu Tui was not one to back down. He could not back down even if he was beaten to death by the Extreme Branch. He had to get back at Yuan Shu and the rest if he had the chance.

Otherwise, his name would be wasted on him.

His parents had given him a nickname. His nickname was Xu Improvement.

Then they gave him a name. Xu Tui. [Tui in English is retreat.]

Together, it means he can improve and retreat!

“It looks like I have to train with my life on the line. How dare they come and provoke me!”

Xu Tui had a fierce expression. He fiercely swallowed the two eggs that he had peeled. He did not expect to choke himself so much that he rolled his eyes. He quickly gulped down a few mouthfuls of water to catch his breath.

Back to the dormitory.

Xu Tui had planned to look for Cheng Mo. However, Xu Tui changed his plan after he read the news. He should stay away from Cheng Mo in the future. He could not actively look for him.

Xu Tui did not see his roommate when he returned to the dormitory. He was happy to have some peace and quiet. He got onto his bed, sat cross-legged, and meditated. He started to recall the subsequent training contents of Version 4.9 of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui found the ninth genetic base point he needed to activate for the first level in the illusory introspective state. He consumed a Level E Energy Restoration potion and focus.

About 45 minutes later, Xu Tui felt the flickering light of energy in his stomach decrease. A bottle of Level E energy restoration potion had been used up.

The consumption rate of the Level E Energy Restoration potion seemed to have increased during his focused training. He felt that his mental state was alright. He did not feel too tired. Xu Tui consumed another bottle of Level E energy restoration potion.

Forty minutes later, the ninth genetic base point of the first level was activated.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui, who was assaulted by fatigue and felt that his mind power had almost reached its limits, completely emptied his mind and fell into a deep sleep.

It was broad daylight when he fell asleep. This was another attempt on Xu Tui’s part.

He slept for almost six hours.

It was already two in the afternoon when Xu Tui woke up again.

Xu Tui, who had just woken up, was brimming with energy. He felt that he could train again.

Xu Tui got off the bed and made an inaccurate mark with a ruler in the room. He then closed his eyes slightly.

3.66 meters!

The distance of Xu Tui’s mental senses had expanded to 3.66 meters.

The sensory distance that Xu Tui found in the professional testing room of the School of General Senses yesterday morning was 3.24 meters.

From yesterday night until now, he had activated two genetic base points based on the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, which increased the distance of his mental senses by 40 centimeters.

The enhancement was very obvious.

“I still have to go through some tests.”

Even though he could get an answer as soon as possible if he asked the teacher directly,

Xu Tui felt that it was best to have his own experience when it came to matters like training.

It was just like how Xu Jianguo had invited his friends over for a meal when he was young. They drank after the meal. It was delicious. They had a small bowl of white wine. The two of them clinked glasses, tilted their necks back, and downed their drinks.

Then, his father and his friends let out a long sigh. That feeling was great!

Xu Tui watched from the side. It looked great! He felt that the white wine was delicious. He was a little gluttonous. Then, his father fetched a small bowl and poured a little into it for Xu Tui. It was about 10 milliliters. He got Xu Tui to try it.

Xu Tui thought that it was too little. However, his father did not give him any more.

Xu Tui mimicked his father and downed the drink in one go. However, he had not swallowed it when he spat it out.

It was spicy!

It was too spicy!

There was a trail of fire in his throat. It tasted awful.

Xu Jianguo smiled and told Xu Tui that he did not know how to drink, that the alcohol tasted better when he grew up.

Xu Tui did not understand. However, this was something he had to personally experience. Ever since then, Xu Tui had felt that liquor was not good.

It was the same for his training now.

The teacher’s words were what she had learned during her training. She might be right. However, it was not something Xu Tui personally experienced.

It was just like white wine.

Xu Tui wanted to find a general pattern to the recovery of his mind power through his training. There was also the compounded speed at which training consumed energy.

Xu Tui had noticed it.

Activating a systematic set of genetic base points, which was to say, the genetic base points that were ranked toward the back of the genetic ability chain, would gradually consume more when activated.

Xu Tui used one bottle of Level E and six Level F’s to activate the eighth genetic base point in the first level, while he used two bottles of Level E for the ninth.

What about the 10th genetic base point for the first level? How much would that cost when it was activated?

Xu Tui got an answer an hour and a half later. He had not managed to activate the 10th genetic base point in the first level even after he consumed two bottles of Level E energy restoration potions.

Xu Tui estimated that he would be able to activate the genetic base point after he obtained half a bottle or four to five Level F Energy Restoration Pills.

By then, Xu Tui would have run out of mind power. He had to sleep again. It was almost four in the afternoon. If he slept some more, it would be 10 p.m. when he woke up.

First, he would be hungry.

Secondly, he would not be able to do many things at night.

Xu Tui went out for a meal and stuffed his face with food. He then headed straight for the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College Pharmacy.

Xu Tui had a great plan to make money. He wanted to try it out.