Chapter 42 - The Final Outcome And The Subsidiary Feature (1)

Chapter 42: The Final Outcome and the Subsidiary Feature (1)

The GPS showed that the Mystery Branch Institute that Xu Tui was at was 15.7 kilometers away from the Genetic Research Institute. The journey took 21 minutes.

Xu Tui’s first reaction was to call for a maglev taxi. Even though it was a little expensive, Xu Tui was a man who had just received a large sum of 550,000 dollars. However, Xu Tui only took one look before he silently got onto a public bicycle on the campus. He had to scan the QR code.

The maglev taxi was fast, but according to the software, there were currently 42 people in the queue. He would have to wait for roughly 42 to 63 minutes.

...

Fine, he has to go there by bicycle. The journey was estimated to take 70 minutes.

It’s not slow. He did not waste any time. More importantly, he could save money.

Then, like Chai Xiao, Xu Tui rode the bicycle at a speed that could rival a car.

Thirty-five minutes later, Xu Tui appeared at the entrance of the Genetic Research Institute indicated by the navigation system.

The security was tight.

After wiping off his sweat, Xu Tui quickly called An Xiaoxue and reported his location.

“At the main entrance? Why would you be at the main entrance?” An Xiaoxue was a little surprised.

Xu Tui had a bad feeling. He panted heavily as he searched for a place to buy water. He could not find a place to buy water, but Xu Tui felt that he was hungry. He wasted the braised pork knuckles just now by riding the bicycle at a fast speed.

“Why did you take so long? You…” An Xiaoxue, who was wearing a large white coat and a light blue face mask, came out to fetch Xu Tui. She was a little disgusted and confused when she saw how sweaty Xu Tui was.

“Miss An, it’s a little far. I had to ride 16 kilometers…”

An Xiaoxue stopped in her tracks. She looked at Xu Tui as if he was a fool. “Did you not look at the walking guide? The Genetic Research Institute is only a wall away from the Mystery Branch. It would take at most 10 minutes by foot.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

Xu Tui quickly scrolled through the navigation app, then looked at the mode of his walk. He asked in surprise, “Miss An, is there no such route in the navigation system?”

“Impossible. Let me see.” An Xiaoxue leaned over but had not taken a look. She suddenly rubbed her forehead and said, “I forgot. This tunnel that is separated by a wall is a temporary tunnel that a portion of the teachers in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College applied for. It shouldn’t be recorded in the navigation system.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

Xu Tui felt his teeth ache. He even felt a little pity for the missing braised pork knuckles.

….

Even with An Xiaoxue leading the way, the security at the Genetic Research Institute was still extremely tight.

They double-checked and verified Xu Tui’s identity. An Xiaoxue also signed her name as a guarantee. Finally, they kept a photo and a sample of his blood.

An Xiaoxue told him that she was going to apply for Xu Tui’s entry pass to the Genetic Research Institute.

“I spend more time at the Genetic Research Institute. It’ll be more convenient if I get you to come and settle matters with me after I get your entry pass. You can come alone if you need to even if I’m not around,” An Xiaoxue explained.

“Miss An, I understand.”

Xu Tui’s imagination instantly ran wild. He understood what a crazy researcher was. They made it easier for him to enter and exit the building so that they could order him around.

Even so, Xu Tui was still shocked by the Genetic Research Institute that An Xiaoxue was at.

Xu Tui had thought that there would only be one office, one research room, and a lounge. However, he did not expect to face an entire floor.

14 floors underground!

The entire 14th basement floor was the territory of the Number 14 Research Institute. Xu Tui estimated that he could see over a hundred rooms.

There was also a special elevator.

This discovery once again refreshed Xu Tui’s knowledge.

“If you come here alone in the future, remember not to swipe your access card to rooms with red, black, and even yellow signs. You don’t have the authority yet. You will receive a warning for the first time, and you might activate the safety mechanism the second time and be killed immediately.

“You can enter a room with a white sign. The green sign is for leisure and living rooms. You can use some of the rooms.”

An Xiaoxue introduced it to Xu Tui as they walked.

It was not until they entered a white hall that was filled with the aura of scientific research that he realized…

“Drink it.”

An Xiaoxue first handed Xu Tui a large glass of water. Her actions warmed Xu Tui’s heart. Miss An was not only hot-tempered, but she was also very caring.

“I called you over today for three things. Listen closely.”

An Xiaoxue casually sat on a swivel chair and crossed her long legs. It accentuated the alluring curves of her jeans under her white coat.

Xu Tui could not help but take a few more glances. He remembered a saying that had been circulating on the Internet.

Those long legs… playable…

However, when Xu Tui saw the faint smile on An Xiaoxue’s face, he immediately thought about how his X-ray vision had been seen back then. His heart trembled. He immediately restrained himself.

“Student Xu Tui, I can still make it if I sign and send you to the X-ray vision class.” There was a hint of anger in An Xiaoxue’s voice.

Xu Tui howled in his heart. It was too difficult to follow a professor from the School of Enlightened Mind.

“Miss An, don’t! You are so beautiful and charismatic. If I don’t even dare to look at you, I might have to go to the hospital!” Xu Tui quickly tried to save himself.

An Xiaoxue’s eyes widened. She only revealed a convincing expression after some time. She could only give up.

Xu Tui was secretly elated. The woman was indeed…

“The first matter is a letter of apology from the Commander of Preparatory Defense of Ying Jincheng Prefecture. They asked me to pass it to you,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui did not even look at the letter after he received it. “I am living well now. It doesn’t matter if he apologizes or not. The students who died, as well as the security guards who are not much older than me, they…”