Chapter 45 - Who Knows? (1)

Chapter 45: Who Knows? (1)

On the way back, Xu Tui noticed the tunnel that An Xiaoxue mentioned that was separated by a wall between the Genetic Research Institute and Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. There was a small door in the wall. It was guarded and monitored.

Xu Tui, who had already gotten his assistant’s pass, swiped his card domineeringly. The small door opened.

Xu Tui only took six minutes to return to the Mystery Branch Institute.

...

Xu Tui felt a little sorry for the braised pork knuckles that had already disappeared.

“I’ll console you after I move my dormitory.” Xu Tui rubbed his stomach and said.

The student reception center had already called Xu Tui to inform him that they wanted him to move out as soon as possible. There would be another batch of new students reporting tonight.

Xu Tui still had many things to do today. He still had not written the incident report that he had to hand over to the disciplinary division. The disciplinary division requested that the report be handed over before nine in the morning tomorrow.

It was easy to move his carry-on luggage.

Xu Tui, being a handsome man, mainly brought along his looks. He did not bring much with him. He pulled on his luggage and a black backpack.

Xu Tui stayed in a two-person suite. It was Room 1604, Building 3 in Block C, which was Room 4 on the 16th floor.

Building 3 had 18 floors. The 16th floor was a relatively quieter and better location.

The upper levels were equipped with elevators. The button for the elevator started from the sixth floor. There was also a large slogan pasted on the button.

“If you are a real man, then climb up to the 18th floor. Let’s see how many seconds you take.”

Xu Tui stood at the entrance of the elevator and looked at the slogan. He hesitated. He was a real man. However, he also wanted to take the elevator.

“There should be many ways to prove that I am a real man. But it is not limited to climbing the stairs…”

While he was consoling himself, Xu Tui reached the 16th floor and entered Room 1604. He swiped his access card and entered the room.

There was a stuffy atmosphere in the room. Xu Tui quickly opened the windows to let in the air. He looked around. The two-person suite was worth it.

Everyone had their own room, which was about 15 square meters. The bed and cabinets were one. It was not the kind of bunk beds that students often saw. It was a little similar to the beds at home. It was comfortable.

There was a desk, a drawer, an armchair, and a small coffee table. There was a washroom to the left of the corridor. They separated the wet and dry parts.

It was not large, only a few square meters. However, the washroom, the bathroom, toilet, and laundry areas were clearly distinguished.

“It’s worth it!”

What happened next would depend on his roommate. Xu Tui could endure it as long as the student was not too sloppy.

“Mozi, have you completed the admission procedures?”

Xu Tui first called Cheng Mo.

“Oh, don’t mention it. There’s still a queue… But it’ll be soon. We just completed the level assessment. There are too many people in the Extreme Branch Institute.”

“How’s the level assessment?”

Cheng Mo became excited the moment that was mentioned.

“Little Tui, do you think I’m impressive? I only activated 11 genetic base points during the genetic exams. Yet, in just five days, I activated three more genetic base points.

“Fourteen genetic base points. The school assessed it as high-grade Level E. Then, during today’s assessment, because of my injuries, they noticed that my bone recovery ability is very good. They rated it as good and increased it by a grade.

“I’m currently a low-grade Level D.”

“Low-grade Level D. Not bad!”

On the other end of the line, Xu Tui furrowed his brows. Even though low-grade Level D was not bad, the number of scholarships was still rather little. There were no Level E Energy Restoration potions in the low-grade Level D treatment.

“Furthermore, the teacher-in-charge also said that I can’t do some of the tests because of my fracture. He allowed me to take the test again seven days later. I think that I would have no problems obtaining mid-grade Level D when the time comes.”

A mid-grade Level D treatment would be pretty good. He would receive at least one Level E energy restoration potion a month.

Currently, the students could still sustain their stamina and training needs just by eating and drinking. However, the Energy Restoration potions would become extremely important once they started to train systematically.

“Oh, yes, Little Tui, what grade are you?” Cheng Mo asked excitedly.

“I…”

“What are you waiting for? Tell me quickly. Don’t worry, I won’t laugh at you.”

“My rating is mid-grade Level C.”

The person on the other end of the line became silent the moment he said that. He only managed to say two words after some time.

“Oh, f*ck!”

…

Xu Tui did not mention the Level C treatment again.

“Oh, yes, a god appeared in the college today.”

“What god?”

“I heard that there was an Act Tough King who defeated half of the Extreme Branch Institute’s new students alone. He was extremely arrogant!”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Remember, don’t mention my name in front of your classmates, much less say that we are best friends,” Xu Tui instructed.

“Why?”

“You’ll understand in the future.”

“F*ck, what kind of plane are you on? Let’s not talk about it. I have to pay my school fees first.”

…

Then, Xu Tui sent Chai Xiao a message to thank him for his help today. He also gave him his dormitory number and asked him to come over when he was free.

After, Xu Tui sprinted downstairs and bought some necessities from a supermarket near the school. Slippers, a foot basin, a laundry basin, a towel, hand sanitizer, laundry detergent…

He also went to the canteen for a meal. He got himself two braised pork knuckles as revenge. He could not waste the afternoon’s portion.

It was already dark when he returned to the dormitory. After cleaning up, Xu Tui took out a pen and paper and prepared to write a report about the incident that he had to hand over to the disciplinary division.

Xu Tui had already thought about how to write the explanation report.

He’ll state the facts. He would not exaggerate. He would only state the truth. He will leave the rest to the disciplinary division.

After all, the disciplinary division was mainly relying on the surveillance footage.