Chapter 48 - Xu Tui’S Long-Term Research Project

Chapter 48: Xu Tui’s Long-term Research Project

According to what was written in the first volume of the Version 4.9 of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, cultivators of the School of Enlightened Mind who had a talent for introspection should have already activated a portion of the 36 genetic base points they needed to activate in the first level.

At the very least, three to five, at most, eight to nine.

He had to first confirm his activation progress and activate them in an orderly manner.

...

The method of searching for the first genetic base point of the first level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique Version 4.9 was a little strange.

One had to point a sharp object toward the center of their brows from a distance of 3 millimeters to 5 millimeters, then do an introspection.

The most uncomfortable spot between the brows was the first genetic base point that they had to activate when they were training in the first level of the Version 4.9 Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

Note: Under normal circumstances, the Genetic Base Points that are found when an individual searches for them with their introspection would be roughly the size of a needle tip. There might even be overlapping Genetic Base Points.

If the radius of the genetic base points that were found during introspection was too large, then it was recommended that they try multiple times to find the genetic base points using secret techniques. They could also look for mentors to help them locate the genetic base points.

Xu Tui took out a pen and raised it with his left hand. It hovered between his brows, roughly one centimeter away from his face.

In less than a minute, he felt a tingling sensation between his brows. It was extremely uncomfortable.

Xu Tui maintained this state and wanted to enter the introspective state. However, the itchy sensation between his brows was very disruptive. He was not used to it.

Xu Tui tried it a dozen times before he entered the introspective state.

Under realistic introspection, Xu Tui immediately locked onto the center of his brows based on the unique and itchy sensation.

However, the radius was a little large. The radius he found with his introspection was probably as large as the head of a match.

Based on what was described in the Version 4.9 of Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, it was very normal for such a situation to happen. This required the cultivator to carefully understand the difference and slowly narrow the radius to lock onto the target.

In the end, they would accurately find the genetic base point and activate it with the Spirit Concentration Technique.

This was an arduous task. It would take an hour or two if he was fast, or several days if he was slow.

According to the training book, under normal circumstances, it would take one to two days to locate and lock onto the first genetic base point.

It was too easy to get distracted when there was a sharp object dangling between his brows. He accidentally fell out of the introspective state. He had to work harder when he entered the introspective state.

However, Xu Tui believed that things would get better after he adapted to the situation.

It was only at this moment that Xu Tui realized how difficult it was to train the Version 4.9 Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. Even with the aid of his introspection, he needed one to two days to locate and lock onto the target.

He might really get lucky if he did not have the aid of introspection for his training.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to enter the illusory introspective state.

Xu Tui wanted to use this opportunity to see how much of a difference there was between realistic introspection and illusory introspection when it came to locating genetic base points. Thus, he deliberately spent an hour constantly comprehending and searching for the first genetic base point, then continuously eliminated the possibility.

After an hour, the area that Xu Tui had locked onto had shrunk from the size of a match to the size of three to four needles. He should have three to four Genetic Base Points here.

In Xu Tui’s senses, the first genetic base point of the first level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique Version 4.9, should be within these three to four genetic base points.

Xu Tui felt that he should be able to find this point if he spent another one to two hours searching for it. However, at this moment, Xu Tui did not want to waste any more time. Furthermore, he wanted to verify his thoughts.

He gathered his focus again and instantly entered the illusory introspective state. Then, Xu Tui gasped.

“Darn it… There are so many of them…”

In his illusory introspective state, the area that Xu Tui had locked onto which should have had three to four genetic base points during his realistic introspective state had seven gray spots and one bright white spot.

It was more than double what Xu Tui had expected.

In other words, Xu Tui would have to spend a lot more time if he wanted to comprehend and find the location of the first genetic base point in his realistic introspective state. It might take three to five hours. It might take a day. It might even be more.

Introspection also expended mind power.

Currently, Xu Tui could not maintain an introspective state for more than ten hours.

However, what shocked Xu Tui even more was that, in his illusory introspective state, Xu Tui managed to find and lock onto the first genetic base point he needed to activate in a few seconds.

The genetic base point that was giving off a tingling sensation behind Xu Tui’s brow while he was in the state of illusionary introspection was too obvious.

It was like a light bulb.

Xu Tui instantly found it.

It was the only Genetic Base Point that had been activated within the radius that he had locked onto during his realistic introspection.

Xu Tui had already activated the first genetic base point he needed to activate in the first level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique Version 4.9.

Following that, he continued to search for the second genetic base point that was needed for the first level of the technique. He locked onto the target and activated it with rapt attention. The speed at which he located and locked onto the corresponding genetic base points in his illusory introspective state was too fast.

The accuracy was 100%.

On average, Xu Tui would be able to find a genetic base point that he needed to activate in three to five minutes.

Eight. When Xu Tui found and locked onto the eighth genetic base point he needed to train for the first level, the eighth genetic base point was gray, which had not been activated.

The first seven points had already been activated. He slowly opened his eyes. Xu Tui had a startled expression.

The illusory introspection was too effective in this regard.

Under normal circumstances, even with realistic introspection and the secret training method of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, it would still take some time for him to understand and lock onto the first eight genetic base points, much less train them.

It would take anywhere from three to five days to eight to nine days.

However, in the illusory introspective state, excluding the initial verification time, Xu Tui might not even need half an hour to find and lock onto the eight genetic base points. This saved him too much time.

Furthermore, the accuracy was 100%.

Suddenly, a thought occurred to Xu Tui.

If his illusory introspection ability was provided by the genetic base points he had already activated, then which or what genetic base points could have activated it to give the person an illusory introspection ability?

“If I manage to find it…”

Even Xu Tui was moved by this thought.

Under normal circumstances, it was not too difficult to find it.

Xu Tui had only activated 15 genetic base points in his head previously. He only activated the illusory introspection ability after he activated the 15 genetic base points.

What he could be sure of was that the 36 genetic base points that An Xiaoxue had given him for the first level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique Version 4.9, did not contain any genetic base points that could activate illusory abilities.

There was no such explanation in the training book.

Illusory introspection was that important. It would definitely give a detailed explanation if they really had one.

That way, he could rule them out. The seven genetic base points that he had activated had nothing to do with illusory introspection. Even if it was related, it was not critical.

That reduced the number of Genetic Base Points that were activated in his head.

It should be within the eight genetic base points. However, proving which genetic base points were the key to activating the illusory introspection was rather difficult.

Xu Tui had to think of a way to conduct research in this area before he could slowly eliminate the possibility and confirm it.

Doing any research required a great deal of effort. A large amount of accumulation was needed to produce results.

Xu Tui currently had the same thought. He had narrowed his targets down to eight. However, Xu Tui could not turn off the genetic base points he had already activated and attempt to activate them again. He had to experiment continuously.

However, that required a large amount of time and money.

“I’ll note down the locations of the eight genetic base points that I suspect are the targets. I can consider this a long-term research project in the future and see if it can produce any results…”

Xu Tui got busy again.

At this moment, the benefits of staying in a two-person suite became apparent.

No one would disturb Xu Tui no matter if he was staying with someone or not. He did not have to care about other people’s opinions.

If this was an ordinary room for two or a room for four, some of the roommates would have scolded Xu Tui for causing trouble in the middle of the night.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui returned to his bed. He consumed a bottle of Level E energy restoration potion, inhaled through his nose, and exhaled. He instantly entered the illusory introspective state. He started to attempt activating his eighth genetic base point.

The training technique recorded in the first volume of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique Version 4.9 that An Xiaoxue had given him was split into three parts.

They were Sensory base, Focus, and Mind forging.

Sensory base: Searching for and locking onto genetic base points.

That was what Xu Tui needed the most at the moment.

Focus: When one was in an introspective state, they could lock their mind power or concentration at the genetic base points that they needed to activate through a special method to speed up the activation of genetic base points.

Mind-forging: A technique that could be used to strengthen a person’s mind power. It had to be used along with the other techniques used in the school.

However, Xu Tui had come up with a way to autonomously activate Genetic Base Points in the past.

Thus, during his training, Xu Tui tested out the method of focusing his mind and his autonomous Genetic Base Points. Then, he quickly noticed the difference.

The method that he had invented could be said to be accurate when it was in an illusory introspective state. It was also activated rather quickly.

However, the Spirit Concentration Method recorded in Version 4.9 of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique had a stronger effect on the flickering light of energy in the stomach. They were activated with Xu Tui’s illusory introspection.

The speed at which it was activated should be a little faster and safer than the method invented by Xu Tui. That was because the method of focusing his mind was much more systematic and complete than Xu Tui’s method.

Xu Tui decisively chose to use the Spirit Focus technique to activate his eighth genetic base point while he was in an illusory introspective state. However, this time, he failed to activate the eighth genetic base point even after he finished absorbing the energy from a bottle of Level E energy restoration potion.

Xu Tui felt a little fatigued mentally.

Opening his eyes, Xu Tui consumed six Level F Energy Restoration Pills in one sitting, then continued to enter the illusory introspective state to guide his training.

Twenty minutes later, the eighth genetic base point of the first level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique was successfully activated.

Xu Tui pushed through the fatigue in his mind and spent another 10 minutes sending the remaining energy into the Genetic Base Points he had already activated. Only then did he relax and slowly fall asleep.

According to Version 4.9 of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, the genetic base points that were already activated needed to be continuously strengthened in order to unleash more powerful abilities.

He could not waste it!