Chapter 47 - A Beautiful Roommate (1)

Chapter 47: A Beautiful Roommate (1)

[The Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique Version 4.9, Volume 1]

That was the description of the projection card that An Xiaoxue had given Xu Tui.

The projection card was a so-called memory card from a long time ago. It was a new form of the SSD hard disk. It was made out of a special material. As long as it was attached to a communication device, it could be read and projected at any time.

...

Of course, some projection cards had a password, rights, and other special requirements.

The projection card that An Xiaoxue had given Xu Tui needed a password. However, the password was extremely simple—0000.

This made Xu Tui a little suspicious about how precious the secret training method of the School of Enlightened Mind was. Of course, it might be because An Xiaoxue’s teacher was not afraid that someone would steal his technique.

Just as An Xiaoxue had said, people could not learn it secretly without the ability of introspection.

Just the name of the training method allowed Xu Tui to glean a lot of information.

Version 4.9.

It should mean that the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique was modified at least 39 times or even 49 times. It would see if the initial version started with 1.0 or 0.1.

Of course, most importantly, Version 4.9 gave Xu Tui an unreliable feeling. He felt that this ability was still being continuously improved.

Xu Tui might be the experience they need to improve this.

“However, it has been modified at least 39 times. It should…” Xu Tui consoled himself.

There were two volumes of the manual. If there was a first volume, there would be a second volume.

An Xiaoxue would not give him such a precious method in one sitting.

With the study experience of a top student in high school, Xu Tui first read the first volume of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique Version 4.9 to get a better understanding.

A few names were marked at the end of the book.

Chief Editor: Shang Long.

Main Editor: Ji Guoliang, He Yunfeng.

The vice-editor: An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue was actually the vice-editor. Xu Tui did not know which edition An Xiaoxue had contributed to, but she must have done something.

Which of the editors was An Xiaoxue’s teacher?

However, the nature of the secret training technique far exceeded Xu Tui’s curiosity.

Xu Tui, who had a vague understanding of the head, or rather, the genetic base points that were related to mind power, now had a basic understanding after reading through the book once.

The first volume of Version 4.9 of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique was split into three parts.

There were three training stages, which were the three levels.

A total of 36 genetic base points were activated at the first level. A person’s mind power would reach Level E after they activated the 36 genetic base points. It was also called instantiation.

Why was it called instantiation?

Mind power was formless. It could not be seen or touched by anyone. However, one could use a realistic method to display their mind power after they activated the 36 genetic base points.

For example, flipping a book through the air. Flicking a female student’s long hair remotely. Or adding some tea leaves or other weird items into the teacher’s glass.

This was instantiation. It was also called a mini-instantiation. It was also called low-level instantiation.

When a person’s mind power genetic base points were activated to a certain extent, they would be able to influence the material world. However, the items that they could influence with their mind power were very thin and had little practical use. There were not many ways they could use their abilities. They could only obtain a few supportive abilities.

For example, mental senses.

The radius and clarity of an individual’s senses depended on the individual. There was also memory enhancement. There was also enhancement of mental calculations. Or will radiation, etc.

The abilities one obtained depended on the individual.

Under normal circumstances, a person who activated 36 genetic base points and had low-grade instantiation-grade mind power would be regarded as a Level F Genetic Liberator. A person could be regarded as a Level E Genetic Liberator if they activated more than two subsidiary abilities.

However, there was not much point in having such a conclusion. Subsidiary abilities had a very limited effect on an individual’s abilities.

Of course, focusing on his research was another matter.

This was the first level.

The books said that based on an individual’s talent and resources, they would generally need six months to a year to complete the first level of training.

Before one completed the first level of their training, the students of the School of Enlightened Mind, who were also students of the School of Enlightened Mind who had trained in the Version 4.9 of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, were rather weak.

They did not have much combat strength.

However, the explanation in the book was the same as what An Xiaoxue said.

Mind power was the foundation.

It was not just the foundation of the Mystery Branch genetic newcomers. It was also the foundation of all genetic newcomers. This foundation would only become more important toward the later stages.

One’s progress on the second level would be much faster after they completed the first level.

One would have to activate another 24 genetic base points during their training on the second level, totaling to 60 genetic base points. After their mind power was enhanced, they could achieve high-level instantiation.

High-level instantiation had its own criteria for assessment compared to low-level instantiation.

In layman’s terms…

For low-level instantiation, it was good enough if one can flip through the book, ruffle a female student’s long hair, and sense if she has washed her hair today.

High-level instantiation can allow one to directly push a book off the table and push it to the ground with the mind power.

One could even use their mind power to knock on the female student’s body parts to make her think that someone was secretly kissing her. Then she would scream. In reality, nothing happened.

To speak on a larger scale. For example, one could use their mind power to open a lock, turn a button, flush a toilet, or use their mind power to unlock something.

They could do such things.

Compared to low-level instantiation, high-level instantiation already had a little practical use. However, it was still very weak.

At the same time, a person could easily obtain some special abilities if they activated a small number of specific genetic base points to enhance their genetic newcomer rating.

Many of the abilities had practical value.

At this stage, the students from the School of Enlightened Mind who were cultivating the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique Version 4.9 were still rather weak. They were ranked at the bottom in both the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College and the Mystery Branch.

They basically did not have any practical abilities.

This level required half a year to a year.

In other words, under normal circumstances, the students in the School of Enlightened Mind who had the talent to train in the first two levels of the 4.9th edition of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique would need at least a year to complete. If they were a little slower, they would need two years.

They had to remain in hiding for at least a year.

The third level was the explosive phase for students with training talents in the School of Enlightened Mind.

The third level required one to activate 12 more genetic base points.

One would be able to complete the third level of their training after they activated the 12 genetic base points. As long as they could keep up with the training of their mind power, they would be able to reach the next level of mind power training after they completed the third level: Object Manipulation!

Just like An Xiaoxue.

It was an accurate kill on a large scale within a certain distance. It was the kind that could take unexpected turns. It was much stronger than the modern firearms and energy weapons.

As for the range…

The range of An Xiaoxue’s silver pills that day should have exceeded 150 meters.

Currently, Xu Tui was looking at the abilities that An Xiaoxue had displayed as a reference. That day, An Xiaoxue even displayed her impressive flying abilities. She did not use any external forces to fly.

Xu Tui felt that he would look incredibly handsome if he displayed this ability. How many admiring gazes would he attract?

Of course, Xu Tui was rational.

The ability that An Xiaoxue displayed, or rather, the level of her training, was definitely stronger than the third level.

However, Xu Tui had his confidence. His introspection was a step closer to illusory introspection. Wouldn’t the speed at which he activated his genetic base points be faster? He did not have to hide for a year.

As for the specific method of training his genetic base points, that was a little strange.

For example, a certain genetic base point would have to stare at the candle flame for more than an hour when the illusion of pain appeared in the left eye. Then he would use introspection.

The most painful and uncomfortable spot in his head was his target’s Genetic Base Points.

It could be seen that this was a secret training technique that had been tried and failed countless times by previous generations.

The book also specifically stated that if an individual could not accurately find his genetic base points, they could get a teacher to guide them along.

He read it through, read it through carefully, and then read it through again. Xu Tui read through the first level of the technique before ending the projection.

At this moment, Xu Tui noticed that he had two more messages on his communication device.

They were all from Gong Ling.

“Little Tui, I’ve already checked in. My dormitory is 1507, Building 2 of Block B. You can come and play with me when you are free. My roommate is very pretty.”

“Little Tui, remember to tell me when you are done checking in. My roommate is really beautiful.”

Xu Tui fell into deep thought when he read the message.

Everyone was busy during high school. Female students did not spend much time tidying themselves up. Their clothes were also limited, so they did not pay much attention to Gong Ling. During the time he was reporting to his college, Xu Tui realized that Gong Ling had large eyes and looked very cute when she smiled.

More importantly, her breasts were extraordinary!

That was where the problem was.

How beautiful would a roommate who was prettier than Gong Ling be?

At that thought, Xu Tui looked toward the quiet side. Where was his roommate?

He took a hot bath, put on a pair of baggy pants, got into bed, slept, and trained. Then, Xu Tui started his first official training.

This was the first time he was officially cultivating the first level of the Version 4.9 of Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

There was no need to be reckless this time.