Chapter 41 - Genetic Research Institute

Chapter 41: Genetic Research Institute

“Xu Tui, school fees of the Mystery Branch’s School of Enlightened Mind are 6,000 dollars a year, while school uniforms cost 1,000 dollars. You have low-grade Level D rights. Based on the regulations, your school fees will receive an additional 5% subsidy from the government.

“So, a total of 16,200 dollars.” The teacher at the registration counter looked at Xu Tui’s materials and was a little surprised.

“Teacher, are there no subsidies for the school fees for low-grade Level D rights?” Xu Tui asked.

...

“No. Under normal circumstances, the subsidies and discounts that an individual can enjoy are related to the state or public welfare.”

“Alright. Thank you, Teacher.”

Then, Xu Tui scanned through his communication device and made a payment.

Chai Xiao, whose hair was flying in the wind, had a sour expression when he saw Xu Tui’s reaction. He looked askance at Xu Tui, who was asking about his allowance.

This was the advantage of having rights. There were substantial subsidies and discounts in many areas.

Xu Tui saved 800 dollars on his school fees. It was not much, but it was still money. It was enough money to buy food for half a month.

“Come over here. Sign here after you pay the insurance fee and the accommodation fee. That’ll be all.”

Chai Xiao had already arrived at the other window. He looked askance at Xu Tui.

There were only three windows for the registration fee, but there were at least thirty windows for insurance. There was a staff member sitting in front of every window.

“Good morning, you are a Mystery Branch student from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Your basic insurance costs 5,000 dollars a year.”

The government subsidized 2,000 dollars to the students, so he paid 3,000 dollars in total.

“Also, there’s supplementary insurance here. You can increase the amount of compensation for your medical treatment by 30,000 for every 1,000 dollars. You can also increase the compensation of your death by 100,000. You are free to choose.”

The attendant explained as she pushed two documents toward Xu Tui.

“This is an insurance detail and supplementary insurance. This is a special notification from the Huaxia Sector for genetic newcomers. Before you sign this insurance detail and supplementary insurance, you need to read and understand this special notification confirmation form carefully. Agree and sign it,” the attendant said.

“Agree first? What if I don’t agree?” Xu Tui was confused.

“We’ll talk after you read it. There are detailed instructions inside,” the attendant said.

“Alright.” Xu Tui nodded and read the report carefully, word by word.

Xu Tui already knew the reason for placing thirty insurance windows. This insurance window was an option. It could be said to be a choice.

The main topic at the start was protection.

Protect Huaxia, protect humanity, and protect the Blue Star.

They had to pay a corresponding price for the kind of treatment they enjoyed. The greater the ability, the greater the responsibility.

They would be accepted as part of the Huaxia Sector’s unique talent pool after they signed the special notification form. Under certain special circumstances, they would be assigned tasks by the Huaxia Genetic Committee, including but not limited to the intergalactic battlefield.

However, such a distribution was not free.

If the contract was signed but not enforced, the Huaxia Genetic Committee would pursue the matter. If the money could not be repaid, the person involved would have to bear legal responsibility. The person involved and their immediate family would be added to the list of people who broke their promise.

If the Huaxia Sector entered a state of emergency, everyone had to unconditionally obey the orders of the Huaxia Genetic Committee. Otherwise, it would be regarded as treason.

Actually, this point had been clearly stated in the constitution. It was a citizen’s duty.

However, there was a special meaning to being listed here.

“Would I have to go to the intergalactic battlefield after I graduate if I sign this?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“How is that possible?” The attendant shook her head. “This is merely a preset condition for emergencies. Under most circumstances, it is considered free. They would also seek your opinion on the allocation of manpower.

“Of course, if you intend to enter the intergalactic battlefield after graduation and are willing to join the frontline forces, I have a more generous letter of intent for you.

“It’s basically the level of treatment that you would receive when you are in college. It’s a scholarship. You would be directly promoted by one major level,” the attendant explained.

Xu Tui nodded. Tang Ting had signed on this beforehand and was accepted into the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College as an exception.

“What if I don’t sign it?” Xu Tui asked.

“You are free to sign or not. However, the introduction also said that you have to pay the price for the kind of treatment you enjoy. If you did not sign it, then based on the current situation in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the level treatment you receive would first be lowered by a major grade, then halved.

“Other than that, there are other restricted areas that you cannot learn.”

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. This rule was extremely normal. How could he enjoy life without paying a price?

Xu Tui signed his name on the form.

Then there was the insurance payment.

After paying the insurance fee of 3,000 dollars, Xu Tui’s low-grade Level D rights received a 5% government subsidy. That saved him a little more money. Well, at least two days’ worth of food. He thought about it and bought another supplementary insurance for 5,000 dollars. Both the health insurance and the death compensation were useful.

The death compensation for the basic insurance was 600,000 dollars. If there was an accident, his parents would be able to obtain more than a million dollars in compensation with the supplementary insurance.

Of course, that was the worst-case scenario.

No matter how dangerous the future was, even if there was only the slightest possibility, Xu Tui would try his best to survive. Before that, Xu Tui’s mission was to become stronger.

“Why? Do you feel heavy and threatened after you sign this?” Chai Xiao patted Xu Tui’s shoulder.

Xu Tui smiled but did not say anything.

“You’ll understand in the future. Our world will be completely different from that of ordinary people. I guarantee that the world you see before you enter college is all fake!”

…

Now, it was time for the last option.

As the best college in Huaxia, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had decent living conditions. They even provided lodging for students of different levels.

Which one he chose would depend on his choices and finances.

The cheapest room would fit six people. There was an air-conditioner in the six-person room, a public bathroom, and a washroom. The cost of accommodation was the cheapest, 1,500 dollars a semester.

The next would be a four-person room. There was also an air-conditioner, a separate bathroom, and a washroom. The cost of the rooms was rather expensive, 3,000 dollars a semester.

Then there was a two-person room with an air-conditioner and an independent bathroom and washroom. The accommodation cost 8,000 dollars a semester.

The two-person suite had a slightly larger area than a two-person room. Each person had their own living area, an independent air-conditioner, and shared bathrooms. The accommodation cost 18,000 dollars a semester.

The single-person suite was the same size as the two-person suite. It was split into a living area, a guest area, and a washroom. The accommodation cost 50,000 dollars a semester.

The price of the accommodation was clearly stated.

“Brother, I recommend that you choose one with better conditions. You must not choose a room with six people, especially not for the Mystery Branch,” Chai Xiao suddenly said.

“Why do you say that?”

“Your Mystery Branch has a higher requirement for the environment you train in. Living in a place with too many people is too disruptive. Someone might fart and snore at night. It might even affect your training. Under normal circumstances, six people was the Extreme Branch’s choice.

“The Mystery Branch would always choose a single suite,” Chai Xiao said.

“Single suite? I also wanted to choose one. Unfortunately, I am not a tycoon. It is too expensive. It costs 100,000 a year, not including utilities,” Xu Tui said. “Oh, yes, what kind of dormitory are you staying in?”

“Me? Two-person room,” Chai Xiao said.

“Darn you. You are not even staying in a single-person suite. Yet you are suggesting that I stay there?” Xu Tui felt his teeth ache.

“Single-person suite is too aloof. It’s suitable for the Mystery Branch,” Chai Xiao explained. “I like crowded rooms, so I chose a room for two.”

Actually, what Chai Xiao said about the problem of being interrupted during training made sense.

Xu Tui had also considered that possibility.

Six-person room was eliminated.

Single suite was eliminated.

The rooms that suited Xu Tui best were either the two-person room or two-person suite. A price of 8,000 dollars between the two of them was the most suitable price.

The environment of the two-person suite was the most suitable. However, 18,000 dollars a semester was a little expensive.

“Good morning, Professor. I have low-grade Level D rights. May I ask if there are any discounts or subsidies for my accommodation?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

The teacher in charge froze. He looked at Xu Tui with respect. He even sat up straight. “Student, I apologize. In terms of individual rights, there are no discounts or subsidies for accommodation. However, if your family is facing financial difficulties, you can apply for a subsidy from the poor students and waive the cost of accommodation for a six-person room.”

By the side, Chai Xiao was speechless. He glared at Xu Tui again. It seemed like Xu Tui was used to receiving benefits with his individual rights. He wanted to take advantage of it no matter where he was.

“Thank you!”

Xu Tui was conflicted. He had been constantly hesitating between paying 8,000 and 18,000 dollars a semester.

Finally, Xu Tui saw the look of disdain in Chai Xiao’s eyes. He made a decision. He chose a suite that cost 18,000 dollars a semester.

“After all, I am the man who just received a reward of 550,000 dollars. Yes, everything is for the sake of training!”

“Oh, wow! A two-person suite! You’re rich!” Chai Xiao joked with Xu Tui.

He handed over the money and went through the formalities. Soon, the teacher assigned Xu Tui his dormitory.

Xu Tui was concerned about what An Xiaoxue had instructed him to do. He was not in a hurry to move his things from the student reception center to the dormitory.

Instead, he sent An Xiaoxue a message.

As for Chai Xiao, he continued to guide the other new students as they struggled to earn the contribution points they needed.

“Miss An, I’ve completed the admission procedures. Where can I find you?”

An Xiaoxue did not reply immediately.

While he was waiting, Xu Tui quickly grabbed himself a meal. He felt that he had saved nearly a thousand dollars from his individual rights today. It was real comfortable.

Xu Tui specially added braised pork knuckles to his meal. A little vinegar would remove the cloying and fragrant flavor.

An Xiaoxue returned with a message before he finished his meal.

“I am at Number 14 Genetic Research Institute. Come and look for me here. Call me when you are outside. I’ll bring you in.”

Xu Tui was dumbfounded when he saw the message.

Genetic Research Institute? Wasn’t the Genetic Research Institute in the Capital the headquarters of the Genetic Research Institute in the Huaxia Sector? An Xiaoxue was at the Genetic Research Institute?

Xu Tui instantly realized that Professor An Xiaoxue might be more mysterious than he thought. The problem was that Xu Tui did not know where the Genetic Research Institute was.

“Miss An, where is the Genetic Research Institute?”

“It’s right beside our school. Are you useless? Look at the map. Can you read the GPS?” An Xiaoxue displayed her explosive temper through the message.

Xu Tui was speechless.

Xu Tui turned on the GPS and located the Genetic Research Institute. Then, he became confused.