Chapter 46 - Who Knows? (2)

Chapter 46: Who Knows? (2)

The surveillance footage was extremely clear.

The cause, process, incident, characters, locations, and times…

Xu Tui had not written his middle school essay in vain. However, just as he was about to wrap up his report, he suddenly heard a knock on his door.

...

“Is my new roommate here?”

Xu Tui quickly went to open the door. However, he saw a flurry of multicolored hair. It was Chai Xiao.

“Oh, Brother Chai, why are you here?”

“Something came up. Hey, there’s also a sofa. The environment is not bad.”

“There are no tea leaves yet. Here, have a glass of boiling water. Just boiled.” Xu Tui poured himself a glass of water.

“Okay.” Chai Xiao slumped onto the sofa. His gaze was a little fleeting.

“Brother Chai, you can tell me directly if there’s anything.”

Hearing this, Chai Xiao let out a dry cough. “Brother, I’ll be direct then. Don’t mind me.”

“Okay, I won’t.”

“It’s like this. The Yuan family came to my house and hoped that they could resolve the matter with you through me. They hope that we can turn the matter into a non-issue.” Chai Xiao added, “They contacted my father and sent the report over through him. There’s no way I can refuse them.”

“I understand.” Xu Tui nodded. “Brother Chai, does the Yuan Family have a powerful background?”

“Yes, it’s a little deep. Those who work in the Capital would more or less have to give the Yuan Family some face. My family is no exception.

“However, you don’t have to be too worried. Even if the Yuan Family has a powerful background, it is only limited to the government departments under the Genetic Committee. It would not be able to extend its influence to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“The highest academic institution is not to be trifled with.”

Chai Xiao let out a cold laugh while he was speaking. “Otherwise, they wouldn’t have come to my father in such a roundabout way and asked me to discuss the matter with you.”

Xu Tui had thought about that.

“Brother Chai, does this mean that I have become enemies with the Yuan Family?” Xu Tui asked.

“It can’t be said that you have become enemies. If you had become enemies just because of a conflict like this, the Yuan family would have had enemies everywhere. How could they have survived until now?”

Chai Xiao said, “You only disgraced the younger generation of the Yuan Family. They would not let go of the opportunity to cause trouble for you in the future. Just be careful.”

“What if I do not let go? How bad would the situation get?” Xu Tui asked.

“Not let go?” Chai Xiao’s expression changed slightly. “If you insist on nabbing him, it would be a little troublesome. Low-level rights taking the initiative to do something overbearing in public and provoking someone with high-level rights is a violation of the rules governing new students. At worst, he might even be expelled.

“However, considering the overall situation, the school would probably not expel him. He’ll be put on probation.” However, probation is also too much. Not only did their level treatment drop drastically, but some of their special devices could not be used either. It will affect his studies.

“Most importantly, it would be recorded into a file. It would affect the direction of his graduation in the future.”

“Probation? That’s why they got you to look for me?” Xu Tui asked.

“Brother, listen to my advice. There’s no point in insisting on it. Other than giving you a few more enemies, there’s no other practical meaning. Whether or not Yuan Shu would cause trouble for you in the future was his problem. However, what’s the point of him finding trouble with you as long as you become stronger?”

Chai Xiao handed him a card while he was speaking.

“This is the sincerity that the Yuan family has sent over. It’s 400,000 dollars. This is also the condition that Yuan Shu had offered you. It’s the other way around now,” Chai Xiao said.

Xu Tui did not take it immediately.

“Four hundred thousand? Just based on what they want me to write, that’ll do?”

“That’s right. It’s basically a tussle between students. Furthermore, you are not going to pursue the matter. That way, there would only be conflict. It would not involve any individual rights,” Chai Xiao said.

“Alright!” Xu Tui reached for the card. “No problem. Since you have taken action. I have to give you some face.”

“Scram! Do you think I’m blind? It clearly was the power of 400,000,” Chai Xiao said angrily.

“Brother Chai, do you think that 400,000 would not be good for my training?”

“Good. Of course it’s good. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have come to your place.”

Immediately, Xu Tui tore up the original report and started to write the report again according to Chai Xiao’s instructions.

…

Inside a restaurant outside the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Yuan Shu, Ma Zixu, and the rest of the students were sitting in a circle. All of them had a dark expression. The food in front of them no longer smelled good.

After all, they had just entered the school, yet they were already being put on probation. No one would be happy about that.

Suddenly, Yuan Shu’s communication device rang. The rest of the students quickly looked over.

After reading the message, Yuan Shu heaved a sigh of relief. “It’s settled. It’s impossible for me to be put on probation or expelled. At most, it would be a warning or a serious warning.”

The moment he said that, the gloominess on the faces of the four people sitting around him disappeared. All of them became more relaxed.

They ate and drank happily.

After finishing a few bottles of beer, the dark-skinned Ma Zixu suddenly spoke, “Brother Yuan, is this matter over just like that?”

Ma Zixu’s larynx was the most severely injured. It had been fractured, swollen, and bruised. His voice was hoarse and piercing when he spoke.

Yuan Shu glanced at Ma Zixu. “My family said that this matter is over. We have to rely on our abilities if we want to get back at him in the future.”

“He’s from the Mystery Branch Institute and the School of Enlightened Mind. We are from the Extreme Branch Institute. Our chances of fighting him in the future are too small.” Ma Zixu had a look of pity.

“That’ll have to do for the time being.” Yuan Shu sighed and gulped down a glass of beer. He was clearly a little depressed.

“Brother Yuan, I have an idea,” Ma Zixu suddenly said in a low voice.

“My family said no…”

“We will definitely not take action, much less provoke him. We just have to move our fingers and edit and forward some of the hottest topics. That should be enough. If it succeeds, that lad might face endless trouble,” the dark-skinned Ma Zixu said darkly.

“Why do you say that?” Yuan Shu became interested.

“Brother Yuan, look at this piece of breaking news. A new student had shockingly defeated half of the new students of the Extreme Branch Institute.” Ma Zixu displayed a projection on his social media account.

“I saw that too. It’s so annoying now.” Yuan Shu had a displeased expression. The more popular this topic was, the more embarrassed they would be.

“Brother Yuan, don’t be angry. Look at how many words I’ll change when I repost this post.”

Ma Zixu fiddled with his phone. When Yuan Shu looked at the message again, the title of the post had changed.

“A first-year student who managed to defeat half of the Extreme Branch Institute’s new students. Brother Yuan, it can become like this… A first-year student managed to defeat most of the people from the Extreme Branch Institute!”

“You can do that? A first-year student who beat up an Extreme Branch student!”

“I can also do this. A first-year student defeated all of the people in the Extreme Branch Institute!”

These headlines caused Yuan Shu to tremble in fear.

This hatred was too great. He was going to become the enemy of the Extreme Branch! However, another student immediately said, “Those seniors from the Extreme Branch would not be so stupid as to cause trouble for Xu Tui just because they saw the headline, right?”

“Of course not. But just like how a tiger would not deliberately step on a worm. But what if the worm just so happens to be hated by the tiger, and the tiger just so happens to step on it?” Ma Zixu snickered.

“Yes, there might be one.”

Yuan Shu was the one who said that.