Chapter 57 - Miss An Is Angry (1)

Chapter 57: Miss An Is Angry (1)

Xu Tui felt as though he was floating in a daze after he finished his meal at the Bravehearts Food Center and returned to the dormitory.

This was the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. It was the top genetic evolution college in the Huaxia Sector and even the entire Huaya Sector.

One was considered a genius if they could enter the school.

...

But what about Xu Tui? He had not only gotten in, he was even chased after by a few professors from the Mystery Branch who insisted on giving him a special recruitment recommendation. He was given free training manuals too.

This was the first time Xu Tui felt that his genius attribute was superior to his handsome attribute. He felt a little smug.

Suddenly, the phone rang.

“Improvement, did class officially start? Why didn’t you call me after such a long time?”

It was his mother, Zhang Xiuli.

Xu Tui froze. It seemed that he had called the first night he arrived at the student reception center. Today was only the third day. Was it long?

“Improvement, have you eaten?”

“Mum, I’ve just eaten. What about you guys?”

“What did you eat for lunch? Is the food in school good? Is it expensive?”

“It’s alright. The food tastes alright and is not expensive. It’s the student’s price, so it’s alright.”

“Alright. You can tell me if you don’t have enough money to spend. How about this? I’ll get your father to transfer another 500 dollars to your living expenses every month. That way, you wouldn’t have to worry about saving money on your meals. You’re still growing.”

“Mum, 3,000 is enough. There are subsidies for the food in the school. It’s cheap…”

“Improvement, does the dormitory have air conditioning? Is there a power limit?”

“Improvement, how much is a boiled egg in your school?”

“…”

“Improvement…”

“…”

His mother asked him a lot of questions. She asked him about his meals, sleep, and if the air conditioning was cold, and if there was hot water or drying rack. She also asked him if it was convenient for him to take a shower.

These questions were too down-to-earth. Xu Tui found the conversation a little annoying. However, he still answered all of them. He could hear the concern in his mother’s nagging.

Xu Tui froze after he hung up. Suddenly, he was not that arrogant anymore.

Xu Tui’s mother’s questions just now had pulled him out of his daydream of being a genius and back to reality. He, Xu Tui, was a student from an ordinary second-tier city. His parents were worried about everything. They were worried about whether he had eaten his fill or if he was wearing warm clothes.

It was too realistic.

Humans should be more grounded. It was better to be more grounded.

He washed his face with cold water.

Xu Tui completely calmed down and analyzed the situation again.

Did Mr. Wen Shao thought that Xu Tui was too talented in the area of mind power and wanted to focus on nurturing him? Does he have a problem? But he looked fine.

“Gong Ling, let me ask you something.”

“Tell me, Little Tui.”

“Did your superb-type professor give you any training methods for plant-type affinity?” Xu Tui called Gong Ling.

“The teacher for the independent class in the morning told us about it. However, the teacher asked us to train our mind power first. Mind power was the foundation. One would be more efficient in activating genetic base points within three months after being administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir.

“The teacher got us to train our mind power first and see if we can get lucky and activate a few more genetic base points related to mind power.

“The genetic base points for plant affinity will only be passed down to us after our mind power reaches the standard intensity of 5.0,” Gong Ling said seriously. Her tone was gentle.

“Okay, thank you. I understand.”

Then, Xu Tui hung up.

On the other end of the line, Gong Ling, who had just hung up, pouted slightly. She seemed to be a little unhappy.

“Why, did the straight man call?” Another girl in the dormitory teased Gong Ling when she saw her.

“No way. He sacrificed his life to protect me. He’s not a straight man!”

…

In the dormitory, Xu Tui went through the situation again after he got Gong Ling’s answer. He soon came to a decision.

There was a lunch break in the afternoon.

Xu Tui quickly fiddled with the 20-gram vacuum silver tantalum bottle that Mr. Wen Shao had given him before lunch.

This time, Xu Tui put all his concentration into the silver nameplate.

9.7!

The increase in the value of the silver nameplate determined that Xu Tui’s mind power had reached its limit after the average value of 9.7.

Even though Xu Tui was fully focused on pushing the silver nameplate, and even though the silver nameplate was beginning to tremble slightly, it could not rise another inch.

A standard strength of 9.7. It was 0.5 points more than when he was testing at Mr. Wen Shao’s place in the afternoon.

Of course, Xu Tui had not hidden his abilities then.

Instead, it was because he was being observed by others and could not focus that much. Furthermore, this was the second time Xu Tui interacted with the silver nameplate. He did not display all of his mind power.

According to what Mr. Wen Shao said, pushing the silver nameplate to its limits, then putting it down, then pushing it up again would have an effect on training his mind power.

However, he had to remember one thing. He had to stop immediately when he felt his vision turn black, or when he felt sleepy or extremely tired. It was best if he could sleep and rest for a period of time.

The best time to train his mind power was one to two hours before bed.

Training time depended on the individual. If the individual was using a suitable training tool, they would be able to reach the limits of their training in 15 to 30 minutes.

At noon, Xu Tui continuously trained his mind power with 20-grams of vacuum silver tantalum bottle for 20 minutes. The familiar feeling of fatigue that came from the depths of his mind suddenly assaulted him.

Xu Tui suddenly came to his senses.

“Darn it… Isn’t this training method about depleting my mind power and then sleeping to recover it?”

It was a little tricky. If he managed to train his mind power with the vacuum silver tantalum bottle, he could forget about focusing on activating his genetic base points at night.