Chapter 55 - Mr. Wen Shao’S Four Sighs

Chapter 55: Mr. Wen Shao’s Four Sighs

It was already lunchtime after the second lesson.

Xu Tui quickly brought the two injured students to the nearest infirmary.

Actually, six students were injured. However, the other four students had scraped their skin and they were men, so they waved their hands and indicated that there was no need to care about them. They even exchange their contact numbers. He had also expanded his social circle for his future.

...

A man and a woman were going to the infirmary. They happened to be sitting in front of Xu Tui and closest to him. There were glass shards stuck in their necks. Even though it was not serious, he had to get the doctor to check if there were any residual fragments.

The infirmary of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was very professional. It was not just ordinary external injuries. They also had all kinds of emergency equipment. Many students got injured during their studies and training every year.

Fortunately, it was not a major incident. He only needed to spend a few minutes dealing with the situation. And it was the free kind.

Xu Tui was very apologetic. He could give them compensation, nutrition expenses, etc. He had to take responsibility for what he did.

However, these two students also had an elegant style. They said that it was nothing. The medical personnel had taken care of it so it was fine. That was all.

Finally, Xu Tui exchanged his two classmates’ contact details and asked for an address. He planned to book a fruit basket for the two students in the afternoon.

A few dozen dollars would do. It was not worth much. However, he had to express his apology.

By the time he was done, it was already 12:30 in the afternoon.

Xu Tui looked toward the canteen, then turned his gaze toward the direction of Mr. Wen Shao’s office. He was a little hesitant.

Was Mr. Wen still around? Should he eat first? Then look for Mr. Wen in the afternoon?

He hesitated. Xu Tui felt that as a new student, he had to have the resolve of a new student. He had to listen to the teacher. He decided to visit Mr. Wen’s office first to see if there was anyone there. If there was no one, he could take a photo and leave evidence behind, then he would leave.

However, Xu Tui had just reached the door of his office when he saw something.

There was still someone in the office. It should be Mr. Wen. He then pressed on the doorbell.

Over the past few days, Xu Tui had become more proficient in using his mental senses.

This was especially so after Xu Tui became alert when Qu Qingshan, an associate professor from the School of General Senses, specially recruited him.

A person with powerful mind power like An Xiaoxue should be very sensitive to the senses of others.

Thus, Xu Tui tried to set his mental senses to a rather hazy level. After all, his mental senses felt as though he was wearing a 360-degree panoramic camera, although it was only a radius of three meters. But it was too convenient to use it in his daily life.

However, if he misused it, it would cause many misunderstandings. Thus, Xu Tui had been trying to lower the intensity of his mental senses to a faint and indistinct sensation. Under such a situation, he could avoid attracting the attention of others to a large extent. Furthermore, the consumption of his mind power was also very low.

Currently, Xu Tui could enter a hazy sensory state with just a thought as long as he needed it. He could instantly sense every detail.

“Please come in.”

“Mr. Wen, I’m sorry. I was late as I sent two students to the infirmary. I made you wait,” Xu Tui quickly apologized when he entered the room.

Wen Shao was still wearing his fisherman’s hat.

“Yes, I know. Are the two students alright?”

“They’re alright. The doctor has already taken care of it.”

“That’s good. The vacuum silver tantalum that you damaged today…”

Xu Tui, whose heart ached for his wallet, immediately became nervous when he heard those words. The rotund Mr. Wen suddenly laughed.

“Don’t be nervous. It’s a vacuum silver tantalum bottle. The most valuable item is the silver nameplate that can be used to infuse your mind power. The bottle is not worth much. I’ve already reported it to the school’s logistics department. You can just pay me some money as compensation after you are done. It’s not expensive. It should be around 70 to 80 dollars.”

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he heard that it was only 70 to 80 dollars.

However, he was also confused. Was the 70 to 80-dollar problem worth it for Mr. Wen to call him over to his office?

Indeed, amidst Xu Tui’s confusion, Mr. Wen suddenly took out a large vacuum silver tantalum bottle and placed it in front of Xu Tui.

This bottle was more than double the size of the vacuum silver bottle that Xu Tui had used in the classroom just now. The silver tantalum in the bottle was also more than twice the size.

“Back then, it was your first time trying it out. You overdid your mind power and caused the bottle to explode, right?” Wen Shao suddenly said.

“Mr. Wen, I…” Xu Tui started to stutter. He did not know what to say.

“There’s no need to explain. Try this. Find out where the limits of your mind power are.”

Wen Shao slowly pushed the bottle toward Xu Tui. “This is a five-gram vacuum silver tantalum bottle. You guys used a gram of vacuum silver tantalum bottle in class previously. The maximum strength of a gram of mind power was 0.1 to 2.0, while the maximum strength of a five-gram bottle was 2.0 to 10.0.

“Under normal circumstances, 99% of the students would switch to a five-gram bottle for their training tests next semester, which was half a year later.

“Come and try it out,” Wen Shao said to Xu Tui.

Wen Shao had already put it that way. There was no point in Xu Tui hiding his abilities. He followed the method he used previously and focused his attention on the namecard in the five-gram bottle. He then pushed the nameplate forward.

The nameplate in the five-gram bottle started to rise at a constant speed. The scale displayed at the top of the nameplate rose from 2.0 to 8.0 in a short time. Then, the speed at which the scales changed became extremely slow.

It became slower.

8.5.

8.8.

8.9.

9.1.

Finally, the scale stabilized at 9.2, while the nameplate in the vacuum bottle stabilized at 9.2. Xu Tui clenched his teeth but the nameplate did not move.