Chapter 59 - My Roommate Is Really Beautiful (1)

Chapter 59: My Roommate Is Really Beautiful (1)

Xu Tui only understood the situation when he was on his way back to the dormitory from the Genetic Research Institute.

Why did An Xiaoxue, who was usually not gentle but was rather easy to talk to, scold him so often today? She must have been angered by his stupidity.

Wen Shao had told him in class that the most important foundation of the Mystery Branch was mind power. There was no contest.

...

The question was, why did Mr. Wen Shao suggests that Xu Tui try to train in supernatural abilities now? And he gave him five cards at once? Wasn’t that a contradiction?

He had called Gong Ling previously to verify his suspicion. In the end, he was not too sure, and went to ask An Xiaoxue for guidance. However, he was rejected.

It felt good to be criticized.

“Then what exactly did Mr. Wen mean? What exactly does he want to do by giving me these?”

Xu Tui returned to the dormitory with many questions in his mind. He saw Chai Xiao’s iconic multicolored hair the moment he stepped out of the elevator.

Well, the color had changed. Previously, it had been red, white, and gray. Today, the colors were yellow, blue, and silver.

He had character. The hair was rather compatible with Chai Xiao.

“Hey, Brother, the lesson had ended an hour and a half ago. Where did you go? I had to wait an hour for you.”

Chai Xiao swayed his newly dyed hair. He was a little displeased. He picked at his hair with his finger as he spoke. “How is it? Does my hair color look good?”

“Yes, it suits you.”

Xu Tui could not comment on whether or not he was handsome. He would definitely not be as handsome as him.

“Oh, yes, where exactly did you go?” Chai Xiao continued to ask.

“I had something on and went to see Miss An,” Xu Tui answered.

Chai Xiao stroked his multicolored hair. He froze for a moment, then revealed a look of realization. “Haha, I know, I know. It’s a date. But why are you back so early? You’re that fast? Or are you guys doing it directly? If it’s direct, an hour is not considered fast…”

Chai Xiao calculated thoughtfully. He had a shrewd expression.

Xu Tui instantly became speechless. Why would Brother Chai’s thoughts…

“Brother Chai, I had a problem with my training, so I went to look for Miss An,” Xu Tui could not help but explain.

“I understand. You need a right and proper reason!”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Brother, what you did was the right thing to do. After all, she is a teacher and you are a student. You need a justifiable reason for you to look for her,” Chai Xiao said sincerely.

Xu Tui was speechless. He could not easily explain himself. He could not come up with any explanation he wanted. Could dyeing his hair tri-colored nourish his brain?

Xu Tui could not help but let out a sorrowful howl.

…

“Brother Chai, it’s already so late. Why were you looking for me? Do you need something?” Xu Tui asked as he opened the door.

However, Xu Tui’s hand suddenly froze the moment he took out the key card. There was someone in the room.

“Why? Can’t I look for you for no reason? You have Goddess An. I am a bachelor. I had no girlfriend. Yet I can’t find my brother?”

Chai Xiao patted Xu Tui’s shoulder loudly.

Suddenly, the door opened.

Xu Tui retreated in a hurry. He did not open the door. He sensed that there was someone inside the door and quickly stopped. However, the people in the room must have heard something and came to open the door.

Xu Tui froze the moment that person opened the door.

The person in front of him was really… beautiful!

He could roughly tell that it was a man. However, he looked too beautiful standing at the door now.

How could he describe it?

First, a man with tied-up black hair. Yes, a man with long hair. It was meticulously groomed.

His features were extremely exquisite. He had a tall nose, long eyelashes, slanted brows, and eyes that were as dark as the stars. His tightly pursed lips and slanted brows gave him a heroic aura. It dispelled the sissy aura that came with his exquisite face.

He was actually quite handsome.

Why was he called beautiful?

It was because of his appearance. He had tied his long hair into a bun and stuck a unique hairpin made out of an unknown material. There was also a golden falcon-shaped bud between his brows. He was dressed in a plain Hanfu and had a pair of dark, low-cut leather boots. There was also a jade pendant dangling by his waist.

Xu Tui was shocked by what he saw. His first impression was that he was beautiful. His facial features, temperament, and outfit were too beautiful. His second impression was that he was handsome.

Damn it, could a man be that handsome? This was the first time Xu Tui had any doubts about how handsome he was. Of course, it was only a little.

“I just didn’t take the time to take care of my appearance. He needs the clothes to make him look like that.”

Xu Tui kept telling himself that he just did not have any presentable clothes on.

Who could he be then? Why could he enter? Roommate?

Xu Tui instantly thought of an answer.

By the side, Chai Xiao suddenly covered his mouth and exclaimed. “My God, Brother, you are keeping a mistress in your house! You just met one outside. Yet, there’s another one waiting for you in the dormitory. It’s a blessing in disguise! Also, you like Hanfu tunes. You sure are interesting…”

Bang!

Xu Tui only saw the shadow of a leg flash past him. While the faint scent of cigarettes assaulted his nostrils, Chai Xiao had already been sent flying backward. He let out a pathetic cry.

The man who had amazed them just now had sent Chai Xiao, who was already a Level C genetic liberator, flying with a single kick.

“Student, if you can’t control your mouth, I’ll help you.” The voice was calm but crisp. It was pleasant to the ears.

Chai Xiao covered his mouth tightly. He did not allow himself to say another word. Even though he had not been prepared just now, the abilities of the man in Hanfu were not something he could compare to.

Chai Xiao felt that the man would still be able to send him flying with a kick even if he remained where he was. Furthermore, the other party had held back.

Suddenly, Chai Xiao’s eyes widened. “I know now. You are the third-year senior, Luo Murong? One of the male gods of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College—National Style Murong?”

Luo Murong ignored Chai Xiao. Instead, he looked toward Xu Tui, who was holding onto the access card.

“You are Xu Tui?”

Xu Tui nodded.

“I am your new roommate. We can discuss some things after you are done with your matters,” Luo Murong said.

“Alright.”

Chai Xiao opened his mouth wide again and said exaggeratedly, “The third-year male idol is actually in the same dormitory as you. Was this the benefit of living in a suite for two? Wouldn’t the female students go mad if they knew about this?

“Oh, something’s wrong.” Chai Xiao shook his head. “Logically speaking, a third-year senior would have a dormitory a long time ago. He wouldn’t have transferred to another dormitory. However, the idol of the third year has come to your dormitory. There must be…”

Chai Xiao opened his mouth wide. He almost blurted out the words ‘adulterous affair’. But he was a little afraid of Luo Murong.

The kick just now was not only sharp, but it also had a murderous aura that made Chai Xiao fearful!

Chai Xiao’s words not only made Xu Tui’s face turn dark, it also made Luo Murong, who had just turned around, stop in his tracks.

Chai Xiao was like a startled rabbit when he saw Luo Murong stop. He retreated abruptly, afraid that Luo Murong would beat him up.

“I stayed in this dormitory in the past. However, I went out for a semester and left it empty. I came back this time and moved back into this dormitory.”

Luo Murong explained, then turned around and returned to his room. He no longer cared about Chai Xiao, who had started imagining things. It was clear that he did not want to waste his breath on him.

Xu Tui shook his head and said to Chai Xiao, “Brother Chai, shall we talk inside?”

Chai Xiao shook his head vigorously. “I’m not going in.”

“Are you afraid that he’ll beat you up?” Xu Tui shook his head. “I don’t think he will.”

Chai Xiao had an expression that said he might not beat him up but was still very worried. “This is the first time your roommates are gathered. Have a good chat. I won’t disturb you guys anymore.”

Xu Tui did not find those words pleasant. He shook his head continuously.

Senior Chai Xiao’s mouth was not simple.

“Then why did you come to look for me?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s just that you got influenced by Yuan Shu. I feel sorry for you. I misjudged Yuan Shu. He’s not magnanimous at all. I only wanted to treat you to a meal.” Chai Xiao felt ashamed when he mentioned this.

“This is really not your fault. Brother Chai, I have to thank you. Oh, yes, I have something that I need to trouble you with,” Xu Tui said.

“Tell me. I’ll definitely help you if I can.” Chai Xiao patted his chest loudly.

“Are there any ways to earn money in or out of the school?”

“A way to earn money? Working and studying? There’s a lot. Let me arrange it for you. Do you want to work one job or two jobs a day? Which direction do you want to go? I guarantee that your salary would start at 30 dollars an hour,” Chai Xiao said.

“No, Brother Chai. I want to find a way to make more money. And one that was long term.”

“Such as?”

“For example, earning 20,000 a month was the minimum, and 90,000 maximum?” Xu Tui suggested.

Hearing this, Chai Xiao rubbed his chin and looked at Xu Tui, deep in thought.

“Brother, your request is a little difficult. Many of our seniors who have just graduated might not be able to earn that much. However, there is an industry that might suit you,” Chai Xiao said.

Xu Tui was elated when he heard this. “Tell me, Brother Chai.”

“Your image is not bad. You look muscular. There are some bars in the capital that need people like you. If you really got chosen, you would probably earn at least 1,000 an hour. Your status as a student from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College can also be added…”

“Stop, stop, stop!”

Xu Tui, who had not managed to react at first, became dejected. Wouldn’t that mean selling his looks and body?

“Brother Chai, can we be more serious?”

“You were the one who joked with me first.” Chai Xiao had a serious expression. “You’re just a first-year student, yet you want to earn a million dollars a year? Even I can’t do that!”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Alright, I won’t disturb you today. I’ll treat you to a meal some other time.” Chai Xiao patted Xu Tui’s shoulder. “Don’t worry. I’ll pay attention to your matters. I’ll definitely inform you if there’s a chance to make money.

“There are not many opportunities to make a million dollars a year. You might be able to find a job that could let you make a few hundred thousand a year.”

“Thank you, Brother Chai.”

Chai Xiao was about to leave when he suddenly leaned toward Xu Tui and whispered, “Brother, don’t blame me for not reminding you. You have to be extremely careful with your roommate.”

“Why?”

“According to the rumors in the school, the National Style Murong… is interested in men…”

“Scram!” A thunderous shout suddenly rang out in the room.

A red light flew out the moment he shouted and smashed fiercely onto Chai Xiao’s head. It exploded into a ball!

Chai Xiao, who had fallen to the ground, let out a pathetic cry. He grabbed at his head and crawled toward the entrance of the elevator. “Brother, I’ll retreat first. I’ll retreat first… Remember…”

A red apple landed accurately on Chai Xiao’s head, causing it to explode.