Chapter 50 - Set A Small Goal For Himself

Chapter 50: Set a Small Goal for Himself

Training consumed a lot of energy.

Xu Tui became a little flustered when he did the calculations. He had consumed two of the ten Level E Energy potions that his father had given him. From yesterday night until now, Xu Tui had consumed five bottles of Level E energy restoration elixirs.

That was 25,000 dollars.

...

Of course, the reason he expended so much energy was that he had some free time today. He needed to sleep during the day to recover his mind power.

However, even if he started lessons during the day and trained for one to two hours at night, Xu Tui estimated that he would consume two to three bottles of Level E energy restoration potion every night.

Three bottles cost 15,000 dollars.

At this rate, he would spend all his money in two months.

Xu Tui had some savings at the moment. With the contribution points he got from both missions and the compensation he got from Yuan Shu, Xu Tui now had a large sum of 950,000 dollars in his hands.

There was also the 50,000 dollars that Xu Jianguo had given him. However, he had spent most of it. He spent over 42,000 dollars on his school fees, insurance, and accommodation. He spent a little more for other necessities, leaving him with over 6,000 dollars. Those were his living expenses and emergency expenses. He could not touch them.

Xu Tui only had the 950,000 dollars that he needed for training, as well as the level benefits that the school provided.

At this moment, Xu Tui really missed Yuan Shu.

Xu Tui was willing to have eight to ten more times of the conflict he had at the Extreme Branch Institute. If that was the case, Student Yuan Shu would be able to cover Xu Tui’s training expenses this year.

Unfortunately, he could only think about it.

Thus, at this moment, Xu Tui really wanted to make money.

Xu Tui had thought of an idea when he learned that he had low-grade Level D rights yesterday.

In the individual benefits, one can purchase the mid-grade Level E Energy potions at the original price, while purchasing a high-grade Level E allowed them to enjoy a 5% discount.

A person with low-grade Level D rights could enjoy a 10% discount.

In other words, Xu Tui only needed to spend 4,500 dollars to purchase a Level E Energy Restoration potion that was publicly priced at 5,000 dollars.

Currently, no student in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, be it in the Extreme Branch Institute or the Mystery Branch Institute, could do without the Level E Energy Restoration potion.

Students in the Extreme Branch Institute had to continuously replenish their energy with Level E energy restoration potions if they wanted to train their bodies.

The Level E Energy Restoration Potion could not only replenish the energy that was expended quickly for the students of the Extreme Branch Institute, but it could also rapidly reduce the fatigue in their muscles and increase the frequency of their rubbing.

There was no need to mention the Mystery Branch.

Xu Tui consuming two to three bottles a day was an exception. However, other students would have no problems consuming one every one to two days, right?

How many students did the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College have?

There were almost 8,000 new students in the first grade. Including those who had not graduated, there were over 40,000 students in the school.

It was a market for 40,000 people.

Xu Tui had calculated before. If he bought a bottle of Level E energy restoration potion for 4,500 dollars and sold it for 4,700, he only earned 200 dollars. He could sell one every day as long as he had 100 customers. That would be 20,000 dollars a day.

Getting rich was not a dream.

If he had more customers, he would have no problems accumulating a repulsive-force flying skateboard during the school term, aside from his training.

That was Xu Tui’s plan to make money.

Now, there was only one problem. How much could the pharmaceutical center sell to him? Would he be able to lower the purchase price by half a percentage point if he buys more?

At this moment, Xu Tui became the meticulous shopkeeper.

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College Pharmacy was an overall center. There were also functions such as the supply of potions, the distribution of benefits, and the development and testing of potions.

Of course, the third function had nothing to do with the current Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had come mainly to talk about the pharmaceutical business and get his treatment. However, Xu Tui’s pharmaceutical business all came to nothing after he asked two questions.

“Hello, look at my rights. Do I get a discount when I purchase Level E energy restoration potions?”

In the hall, Xu Tui found a receptionist and proactively displayed his low-grade Level D rights.

The attendant was not blinded by Xu Tui’s low-grade Level D rights. He only took one more look at Xu Tui. Clearly, they had seen many people with high individual rights in this pharmaceutical center.

“Good morning, Mr. Xu. Your individual rights are low-grade Level D. Based on the regulations, you will enjoy a 10% discount. You need to spend 4,500 dollars to purchase a Level E energy restoration potion.”

“Yes, then how many Level E Energy Restoration potions can I purchase at one time? A hundred? Or a thousand?” Xu Tui was a little excited.

“Good morning, Mr. Xu. Based on the regulations of your individual rights, you can purchase a total of 100 Level E energy restoration potions at a discounted price every year. You can also receive 10 potions every month.”

Xu Tui felt as though he had been drenched in cold water. It pierced through his heart. His plan to make money had been foiled before it even started.

“That little?” Xu Tui was very sad.

“Mr. Xu, this is a rule of individual rights. You have to purchase the pills at their original price if you exceed this number. Please forgive me.”

“Sigh…” Xu Tui sighed.

“Give me 20 first. Then, give me my level treatment for the month,” Xu Tui said helplessly after a while.

“Alright, Mr. Xu.”

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui brought along 30 Level F Energy Restoration Pills and 25 Level E Energy Restoration potions as he left the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College Pharmacy.

The five bottles of Level E and 30 Level F pills were distributed based on the level and benefits he received.