Chapter 68 - Crippling And The Video (2)

Chapter 68: Crippling and the Video (2)

This was part of using the rules to attack the enemy. The battle today had awakened Xu Tui to his individual abilities.

Before this, Xu Tui had always believed in a saying: A professional was the most powerful. It was the same as constantly strengthening your specialization to become more powerful. He would be sloppy if he wanted to be proficient in everything.

In the past, Xu Tui had thought that way. However, today, Xu Tui suddenly started to doubt that understanding.

...

The theory of winning or losing in a one-on-one battle was accurate.

What if the premise was survival? What if it was a chaotic battle? What if it was a battle of numbers?

Just like today, when Xu Tui had fought Deng Wei for the second time, he had clearly seen the trajectory of Deng Wei’s attack through the feedback of his mental senses and had come up with a plan to avoid it.

As long as he could execute the plan, he would be able to avoid Deng Wei’s attacks. However, Xu Tui’s overall reaction could not match up to the feedback he got from his mind. He could only take a beating.

Xu Tui had been thinking about this question during the two hours he was at the emergency center.

How should he develop his training direction in the future? Was it to strengthen the specialization, specialized in training the mind power, just like An Xiaoxue, who used powerful mind power to control the battlefield? Or should he adopt a different approach and develop his training based on his overall needs?

That choice was very important. It could be said that this decision would determine Xu Tui’s future.

Xu Tui still did not have an answer even after he thought about it for two hours. However, he understood that he had to make a choice within the next two months.

….

In the afternoon, Xu Tui returned to the classroom with his injuries. The lessons recently had been on fundamental theory. They were very important. He did not want to miss classes.

The incident during his morning practice session had made Xu Tui a celebrity.

Deng Wei, who had wanted to make a name for himself by humiliating Xu Tui, was not the only person who had recorded the incident. Many students had also done the same.

The video became a hot topic in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College when it was uploaded onto a specific social media platform.

The click rate soared.

Most of the students supported Xu Tui.

After the first lesson in the afternoon, Xu Tui received a call from the disciplinary division. He had to give an explanation of how Deng Wei was severely injured and crippled during today’s combat drill.

According to the notice on the disciplinary division’s phone, Deng Wei had already completed his emergency surgery. A third of the testicales that had been severely injured had been removed. They had also lost some of their function.

Originally, the emergency center had planned to replace Deng Wei’s knee with a brand new bionic knee joint so that Deng Wei’s movements would not be affected after the replacement. However, it would become the biggest problem for Deng Wei’s future training in the Extreme Branch. The genetic ability chain that involved the knee joint could not be activated.

Deng Wei’s Extreme Branch ability could continuously enhance the rest of his body, but the strength of his knee would always remain the same. It could be said that Deng Wei’s leg functions would not be affected after his knee joint was changed. However, his training in the Extreme Branch would become useless.

Deng Wei was one of the geniuses among the first-year students of the Extreme Branch Institute. He would be a powerful contender for the first-year Longhu List in the future.

Deng Wei felt extremely indignant that he was crippled just like that. Finally, he chose to preserve the knee joint at the cost of losing a portion of its function and enduring the pain. That way, he could continue to train his Extreme Branch abilities.

If he had the chance to reach the Genetic Evolution Stage or the Genetic Transmutation Stage in the future, he might be able to use the powerful power of evolution to repair his body’s disabilities.

However, for the foreseeable future, Deng Wei would become a cripple. He was crippled!

The emergency surgery had been completed. The results of the consultations from several experts were the same. He was crippled during the battle drill.

The teachers and students of the Extreme Branch Institute were furious and requested for the school to investigate. That was how the disciplinary division got involved.

Not long after Xu Tui received the call from the disciplinary division, the news that Deng Wei had been severely injured during a battle drill spread throughout the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Xu Tui had not even passed the three months growth phase for the new students, yet he had crippled someone during a battle drill. This was something that had never happened in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College before.

The school encouraged competition outside of the three-month protection period. There was nothing to be shocked about if there were incidents of maiming. However, if such an incident happened during the three-month protection period, it would become a vicious incident.

Soon, another trending video pushed the matter to the extreme.

A popular information creator in the school called “Eternity Begins” released a video.

It was a video of the drill. He only released a video of the third battle between Xu Tui and Deng Wei.

In the video, Xu Tui had taken action and severely injured Deng Wei.

“Crippled! The overlord who had once defeated an Extreme Branch new student brutally attacked again and crippled an Extreme Branch new student!”

Once this video was released, it immediately became the number one trending video in the school. A large number of students who did not know the truth started to shout insults at Xu Tui in the comments section.

Student Rong Youyang from the School of Enlightened Mind immediately found Xu Tui and reported his discovery. Public opinion might be detrimental to Xu Tui if this continued.

“Find out how to contact the person who sent the message. I’ll send him an urgent email first.” After he said his piece, Xu Tui sent an email to the person who had sent the message, ‘Eternity Begins’.

He explained the incomplete video and attached a complete video. He requested that he modify the video as soon as possible. However, he did not receive any reply after half an hour.

However, the information producer, ‘Eternity Begins’, once again released a video of Xu Tui fighting Yuan Shu and his group during this time.

“A first-year student is brutal by nature. He crippled his opponent immediately!”

This edited video quickly became a hot topic. After all, this person was a source of information for the school. He had 40,000 fans in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Even though 40,000 fans was not a large number, these 40,000 fans were all genetic newcomers from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

In other words, nearly 80% of the students and teachers in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were paying attention to his trending video. How much influence would he have when he released a video of the fight?

Xu Tui was anxious to contact him. However, the Mystery Branch students had not been on the campus for long and did not know who this person really was.

At the critical moment, it was still Chai Xiao who helped him. He soon sent Xu Tui a set of phone numbers and a message.

“Brother, the person who uploaded the trending video is in his third year. This is his information. Contact him yourself and talk to him. I have some conflict with him, so it’s not convenient for me to step in.”