Chapter 69 - Evidence (1)

Chapter 69: Evidence (1)

“Hello, is this Senior Lian Jinzhang?” Xu Tui made a call.

Lian Jinzhang was a third-year student from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Mystery Branch Institute. He was a well-known producer of trending information in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s School of Superbs. He was one the Longhu List and was named as a Talent, and he was ranked 72nd on the Year-Three Longhu List.

Soon, the other students from the School of Enlightened Mind managed to gather most of the information and reported it to Xu Tui on the phone.

...

“Hello, I am Lian Jinzhang. Who is this?” The voice on the other end of the line was clean.

“Good morning, Senior Lian. You released a trending video. It’s titled ‘Crippled! The Overlord who once defeated an Extreme Branch new student brutally attacked again and crippled an Extreme Branch new student!'”

“Why? Do you have a problem?”

“It’s like this, Senior Lian. You have only released the end of the video. It is not the entire video. Sending the last portion of the video might cause some misunderstandings or even unnecessary trouble. Senior Lian, I’ll send you a complete video. Can you modify it or upload again?” Xu Tui said.

The person on the other end of the line suddenly laughed. “Are you Xu Tui or someone close to Xu Tui?”

“I am Xu Tui.”

“You want to settle this matter?”

“I did not want to cause a conflict. I hope that more students will see the truth,” Xu Tui said.

“Hah… Five hundred thousand. I’ll modify it according to your instructions.”

Anger appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes. Without waiting for Xu Tui to flare up, Lian Jinzhang suddenly laughed loudly on the other end of the line, “Junior, don’t be nervous. I was just joking. Why would I want your money? I was just kidding. However, there are no problems with my video. Why should I change it? Think about it.”

Xu Tui and his classmates from the School of Enlightened Mind had just a glimmer of hope in their eyes when it was extinguished. They had already recorded the call. Xu Tui would sue Lian Jinzhang for extortion if he dared to ask for 500,000 dollars. Did they think that the disciplinary division had rules that were decorative?

However, after he offered 500,000 dollars, Lian Jinzhang immediately added that it was a joke.

That was how brilliant Lian Jinzhang was. Couldn’t he have been joking? However, he had already given Xu Tui a price. He wanted Xu Tui to settle the matter with 500,000 dollars.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s anger was indescribable. Did no one care about these kinds of people who maliciously harmed others?

Xu Tui was not willing to give him five minutes, much less 500,000. It was too f*cking disgusting.

“Senior, you are a public figure in the school. Do you think that you are in a good position to be spreading rumors and causing trouble?” Xu Tui asked after a moment’s silence.

“I started a rumor?” Lian Jinzhang’s voice suddenly rose an octave. “May I ask if my video is fake or if it has been spliced? The contents of the video are the truth, right? Excuse me. Deng Wei was crippled. Is that true?”

Xu Tui was speechless. He could not answer that question.

“Then tell me, when did I start any rumors? Hmph, ignorant fool!”

Lian Jinzhang hung up the phone after he let out a cold grunt.

Communication failed.

The students from the School of Enlightened Mind became even more furious. Anyone could tell that Lian Jinzhang was trying to extort money from them.

“Students, we’ll report him. We’ll call the disciplinary division and the publicity department to report him! don’t believe that the school would ignore something that they already know.”

The student representative, Rong Youyang, and the 14 students from the School of Enlightened Mind aside from Xu Tui all turned on their communication devices. Some called, some took screenshots, and some reported the incident.

Less than 10 minutes later, Rong Youyang suddenly let out a cry of surprise.

“Look, look quickly. The number one trending video on the campus has changed. Our report had an effect…” Rong Youyang, who had clicked into the video midway, hesitated. “The video did not change. It only changed its name. Our report only made it change its title…”

Rong Youyang was very frustrated and angry.

“A Mystery Branch new student defeated an Extreme Branch new student and crippled him!”

The headline had been changed to this. It was still very explosive. The number of clicks and comments was still increasing rapidly.

The 15 students in the class discussed the disciplinary division’s reply. It was a little disgusting.

Did Lian Jinzhang start a rumor?

No! The video he sent was the truth. He only uploaded the process of the third battle.

What about crippling the other party?

It was also the truth.

There had been a problem with the previous title. Now, there were no problems with the title. That was because what he announced was the truth. Who could say that he was spreading rumors? However, he did not release the entire video.

While they were discussing, the time for class arrived. Mr. Bian, the vice-teacher, arrived with a large black frame. When he arrived, he noticed that the atmosphere in the classroom was not right. He inquired about the situation and saw that Mr. Bian was frowning.

“This is not right. As the teacher in charge, Mr. Wen should step forward first. I’ll contact him.

“Mr. Wen, it’s like this. Have you seen the hottest video? Yes, based on the incident in your class, public opinion is not good for the Mystery Branch and Xu Tui.

“I think that you should take the initiative to make an announcement. You are also the vice-teacher of the School of Superbs. You have the right to protect the students and redeem your reputation.” Bian Yuan made a call to Wen Shao.

“I understand. I’ve already submitted an incident report with the disciplinary division and the school administration. Let’s wait for the school to deal with the situation.”

“Oh, no, Mr. Wen… Beep, beep.”

Wen Shao immediately hung up.

Bian Yuan, who had always been gentle, became angry. “How could Wen Shao do this?”