Chapter 63 - I’Ll Take A Video (1)

Chapter 63: I’ll Take A Video (1)

“Mr. Wen, can I nominally challenge a student?”

Following Deng Wei’s words, the 800-odd first-year students of the Mystery Branch turned their heads toward the middle back row in unison. Their gazes all landed on Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was speechless.

...

It seemed like the students knew that Senior Deng Wei was going to challenge him even without his name being called out. Of course, it was mainly because the video of the new student beating up the entire Extreme Branch Institute was too popular.

There were over 50,000 comments. Based on the number of posts, every student in the school had sent a reply.

Of course, many students from the Extreme Branch Institute furiously roared that they could crush Xu Tui and beat him to death. There were hundreds of comments like that. Some even got +10,086.

This caused Xu Tui to become a famous student in the Mystery Branch Institute.

That’s right, a famous student.

There was a strong competition between the Mystery Branch Institute and the Extreme Branch Institute in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Not only did the school not object, but they even encouraged this kind of competition.

Under normal circumstances, the Extreme Branch would defeat the Mystery Branch during their first and second years. This situation might change during their third and fourth years. Thus, the students and seniors of the Mystery Branch Institute were rather happy to hear that a first-year student had trounced the Extreme Branch Institute.

They would even take it out to scold the students of the Extreme Branch Institute occasionally.

“The Mystery Branch has already triumphed over the Extreme Branch.

“Look, there’s a video as evidence!

That resulted in Xu Tui’s high reputation and that was how Xu Tui got his position as the class monitor of the first grade.

The other students were all chasing after ‘enlightenment’, yet Xu Tui could defeat an Extreme Branch student.

The School of Enlightened Mind that had always been rather useless suddenly produced a powerful person. How could they not use that person as their class monitor?

At the same time, Deng Wei, who was on the platform, also turned his gaze toward Xu Tui. The meaning behind his words was clear as day.

Xu Tui rubbed his nose in frustration and prepared to get up. Since he was going to go up and get beaten up, he might as well do it once.

“Let me try it out first! Let me be Student Deng’s opponent. I’m the superb-type and have already activated two genetic ability chains and have the practical ability of the superb-type.

“It should be more suitable to give a practical demonstration to the students.” Che Zhan suddenly stood up.

Che Zhan is the number one genius of the Mystery Branch’s School of Superb, a fire-element superb individual. He was skinny and weak, and his face was a little pale. However, his voice was filled with determination.

At this moment, Che Zhan taking the initiative to accept the challenge won him the cheers of the Mystery Branch students.

Even though Deng Wei was a teaching assistant invited by Mr. Wen, he had to directly challenge Xu Tui, who had once beaten up the Extreme Branch Institute in the hottest topics in the school.

It immediately sparked hatred in the hearts of many students.

Everyone felt that Deng Wei was not here to give a demonstration but to cause trouble and embarrass the Mystery Branch in public. He had activated the regional discrimination.

Everyone was naturally displeased. They were even angry.

Without waiting for Deng Wei to agree, the skinny Che Zhan took the initiative to walk toward the podium.

“Well, Che Zhan does have the combat capabilities of a superb-type. It would be more educational if he were to demonstrate it,” Wen Shao said.

The teacher had already said so. Deng Wei would not have any sense of propriety if he insisted on challenging Xu Tui.

Deng Wei was not a fool.

“Alright. Then please put on your protective gear, Che Zhan. I am from the Extreme Branch Institute’s School of Speed and pay attention to fast bursts of power. I will use my full strength once I attack. I didn’t want to accidentally injure you.”

Che Zhan would not be pretentious about that. He actively put on his protective gear. He had a chest plate, groin guards, arm guards, helmet, special armor, and calf guards.

These were protective gear made out of a carbon-based nano-bionic material. Even though it was a common model, its defensive capabilities were rather good. It had decent blunt resistance and was a little stronger against sharp attacks.

It was rumored that it had bulletproof abilities against ordinary firearms. However, those capabilities were limited to ordinary small-caliber firearms.

“Mr. Wen, please preside over the battle.”

“Alright.”

Once the podium was moved, it became a martial arts stage that was 10 meters wide and 25 meters long.

“Get ready. Stop at the right time. Of course, you might get injured during this kind of demonstration. Be careful.”

“Three!”

“Two!”

“One!”

“Start!”

Deng Wei suddenly moved after Mr. Wen shouted. He bent his body slightly and charged toward Che Zhan like a panther from 10 meters away. It even created a slight sound.

He was fast!

As the number one genius of the Mystery Branch, Che Zhan had not only put in a great deal of effort, but he had also gone through a certain level of practical training. He retreated quickly as soon as the battle started. He raised his hands slightly into the air. An intense fluctuation of mind power and a scorching sensation burst forth from Che Zhan’s body.

Bang!

Deng Wei, who had been pouncing towards him at a rapid speed, kicked the side of Che Zhan’s leg. Che Zhan fell onto the ground.

At this moment, Che Zhan conjured a small fireball in his hand. There were small fireballs that looked like arrowheads.

Che Zhan lost control of the fireballs as he fell to the ground due to the attack and pain. Their target was the Mystery Branch students who were watching the battle.

Instantly, there were startled cries.

The speed of the small fireballs was not fast, but it definitely exceeded the maximum speed of most Extreme Branch new students at 100 meters per second. The students in the seats would not be able to avoid it. Even if there was a distance.

“Don’t be flustered!” Mr. Wen Shao casually snapped his fingers, and the mini superb-type fireball was extinguished.

On the stage, Deng Wei stood in front of the collapsed Che Zhan with an attacking stance. He extended his hand toward the collapsed Che Zhan.

“Student Che Zhan, you would have already died in battle.”

Che Zhan’s expression turned a little ugly. He did not accept Deng Wei’s kind intentions. Instead, he got up on his own.

“Again!”

“Alright!”

Deng Wei raised his chin and accepted the challenge readily. He walked to the designated location and said, “Student Che Zhan, I’ll give you one second to attack this time. I’ll give your superb-type attack a chance to attack.”

Che Zhan clenched his teeth and shook his head. “No need!”

“Three.”

“Two.”

“One.”

“Start!”

While Mr. Wen was shouting for the battle to begin, intense mind power fluctuations had also surged out of Che Zhan’s body. In less than half a second, the small rocket had taken shape and was flying toward Deng Wei at an even faster speed than before.

That speed was considered fast.

And Che Zhan was only 10 meters away from Deng Wei.

Deng Wei was a man of his words. He only took action after Che Zhan launched his mini rocket. He lowered his body and rolled to the side. Then, he landed on the ground and kicked Che Zhan onto the ground again.

At this moment, the mini superb rocket that missed its target had just flown past where Deng Wei was standing just now.

From the moment the mini rocket flew out, to Deng Wei taking action, to Che Zhan falling to the ground, this series of actions took less than a second.

All of the Mystery Branch students were in a state of shock.

Che Zhan was the most talented first-year student in the Mystery Branch Institute and had the strongest abilities. However, he could not withstand a single blow from Deng Wei, a new student from the Extreme Branch.

“Student Che Zhan, you have died in battle again.”

Che Zhan pursed his lips tightly. His expression was ugly.

Superb Type. Were they that weak?

“Students, this is the meaning of this practical demonstration lesson. The plight that Che Zhan faces will be a predicament that you will face for the rest of your lives.

“Of course, it’s not that the Mystery Branch is not powerful enough. It is just that powerful abilities can only be unleashed in an appropriate environment.

This required you to think about the changes to your abilities.

During these years, you have to experience more of these kinds of battles.

“You might feel a sense of defeat, but for the future, this kind of actual combat can greatly reduce your chances of death and injury. You will have a clearer understanding of actual combat.

“Alright, are there any other students who want to challenge Student Deng Wei for a demonstration? If not, let’s all send Student Deng Wei off with a round of applause,” Mr. Wen Shao concluded.

Deng Wei looked toward the stage impatiently again after Wen Shao finished his sentence. He spoke to Wen Shao at the same time.

“Mr. Wen, a student from the Mystery Branch defeated a new student from the Extreme Branch this year. I saw the video. He is really powerful. If I have the chance, I really want to go through an actual battle with Xu Tui,” Deng Wei said.

Che Zhan rubbed his aching waist and slowly got off the stage.

The students below the stage looked toward Xu Tui again.

On the stage, Wen Shao knitted his brows slightly. “Student Deng Wei, the actual battle drill is decided by your will. You want to invite Student Xu Tui up onto the stage for the drill? That would depend on Student Xu Tui’s will. I won’t stop him if he agrees.

“However, you cannot force him if he is unwilling,” Mr. Wen Shao expressed his stance.

“Thank you, Mr. Wen. I understand.”

Deng Wei nodded and looked toward Xu Tui, who was below the stage. “Student Xu Tui, this is just a practical battle. You wouldn’t be too scared to go on stage, would you? Are you that cowardly?”

The students below the stage revealed angry expressions. Was Deng Wei bent on slapping the faces of the Mystery Branch first-year students? He had already defeated the number one genius from the Mystery Branch Institute twice. Wasn’t that enough? Did he have to beat Xu Tui down to be happy?

Instantly, Xu Tui, who had once dominated the Extreme Branch Institute in school, became the last shred of dignity for the Mystery Branch first-year students.

The students had mixed feelings.

They hoped that Xu Tui would accept the challenge and defeat Deng Wei to preserve the dignity of a first-year student in the Mystery Branch. However, they did not want Xu Tui to go on stage. If Xu Tui was defeated again…

Then Deng Wei would have taken off the first-year student’s underwear.

As the person in question, Xu Tui rubbed his nose in frustration. He slowly stood up. The other party had already called him by his surname, yet he was still scolding him.

If Xu Tui did not accept the challenge soon, he was really a coward.

Men could be reserved. However, he could not back down.

“Since Student Deng is so interested in me, let’s have a real battle.”

There was a round of applause.

Xu Tui quickly walked onto the stage under the gazes of many students.

“Be careful. Try to widen the distance between you and him. He’s very fast, but it doesn’t feel like he’s balanced on both sides. His right leg is stronger, but his left leg is weaker.” Che Zhan reminded Xu Tui in an extremely low voice as he passed by him because they had a common enemy.

When he got onto the stage, Xu Tui realized that he did not bring any soybeans with him today. He had not brought soybeans in days. After all, he was studying every day. It was not appropriate for him to bring along soybeans all the time.

Eating too much would cause trouble for the other students. They were usually useless too. However, Xu Tui did not mind it.

The purpose of today’s battle drill was the battle between an Extreme Branch ability and a Mystery Branch ability.

Soon, he would use his Mystery Branch ability to battle Deng Wei.

He could already instantiate his mind power at a low level. It was a good opportunity to use it in battle. Even though the ability to instantiate mind power at a low level was not very valuable when used in battle, Xu Tui had managed to find a direction in his daily life.

Xu Tui jumped onto the makeshift stage and started putting on his protective gear. He had to put on protective gear to protect himself from Deng Wei.

Just as Xu Tui was putting on his protective gear, Deng Wei suddenly took out his communication device and placed it at the corner of the stage. He looked for an angle and activated the recording function.

“Xu Tui wouldn’t mind if I recorded a video, would you?”

The first years of the Mystery Branch immediately burst into an uproar.

Wasn’t this going a little overboard?