Chapter 60 - An Accident In Actual Combat Lesson (1)

Chapter 60: An Accident in Actual Combat Lesson (1)

Xu Tui was a little nervous when he returned to the house.

This new roommate was a little violent. Of course, it was also because of Chai Xiao’s sharp tongue.

The last sentence, “like men”, gave Xu Tui a shock. He deserved that apple.

...

Luo Murong was standing by the window at the end of the tunnel. He had flowing hair, plain clothes and trousers. His waist did not look thick. It was even thinner than a female student’s waist.

This body length…

Xu Tui shook his head violently. He secretly emphasized to himself,

“That is a man! That’s a man!”

If there was a student who did not know about the situation and was a little more horny, they might have been turned gay by Luo Murong.

Of course, Xu Tui would not.

Xu Tui’s taste in women was very normal. He liked the fierce Gong Ling and the long-legged Miss An was also very pleasing to the eye, even though she was wearing a mask.

“That friend of yours, I don’t care what your relationship with him is. He is not allowed to enter our dormitory in the future. If I find out, I’ll beat you up too!”

Luo Murong’s voice was laced with fury. His voice was quite neutral.

It was not like Xu Tui’s voice where it was a little broken, and it was like a man’s voice.

“He shouldn’t come often.”

In any case, Chai Xiao had verbally insulted his new roommate. Xu Tui could only accept his new roommate’s insults.

“Yes, this roommate is a little petty.”

Xu Tui made a small note in his notebook.

“I’ve already said that he is not welcome in this dormitory. You can switch rooms if you don’t like that.”

Luo Murong was still a little angry.

“I’m sorry. He’s just a little gossipy. His mouth is a little annoying, but he has a good heart. Don’t be angry.” Xu Tui apologized on behalf of Chai Xiao.

“There’s a dormitory agreement on the wall. Take a look. We’ll stay in the same dormitory if you agree. You can apply for a change of dormitory if you can’t do it,” Luo Murong said.

Xu Tui was shocked when he heard that. “Why should I be the one changing dorms and not you?”

“I’ve lived in this dormitory for three years. I’ve changed everything in the washroom, including the toilet, bath, mirror, and washing machine. Do you think that the school’s infrastructure would be this new and useful?” Luo Murong said.

Xu Tui rubbed his head, a little embarrassed.

It was no wonder he felt that the washroom was rather clean. Everything, including the hairdryer, felt extremely comfortable to use.

It turned out that this young master had changed those himself.

Fine, Xu Tui would have to change his dormitory himself.

Rubbing his nose in embarrassment, Xu Tui looked toward the dormitory agreement that had been pasted on the wall.

“1. You have to flush after you use the toilet.”

There was definitely no problem with this.

“2. You have to clean the washroom after you shower.”

He could agree with this.

“3: Each person is in charge of the hygiene for the washroom and public areas for a week. You would be given an additional week of hygiene if your roommate found you to be unqualified.”

“4. There must be no stagnant water in the sink. The toiletries will be provided by Luo Murong to guarantee their quality. The cost will be split equally.”

“5. No one is allowed to stay overnight, be it of the same sex or the opposite sex.”

“6. If there are any guests, they have to leave before 10 p.m. If any of the guests are using the washroom, please clean it up immediately after the guests leave.”

“7. Respect each other’s privacy. You are not allowed to enter the other party’s room without permission.”

“8. No washing socks or underwear in the washing machine.”

…

…

There were a total of 13 dormitory rules.

Xu Tui had labeled them as The 13 Rules of 1604. Even though it was a little more, most of it was within the limits of what Xu Tui could accept.

Luo Mu Rong seemed to be a little obsessed with cleanliness. He placed great importance on the cleaning of the washroom.

Xu Tui accepted his fate.

Wasn’t it just cleaning up the washroom once a day? It was only a matter of minutes. It would be easy to clean up the washroom that was slightly larger than 3 square meters.

It was better to meet a clean freak than an unhygienic roommate where one did not flush after using the toilet, and soaking his smelly socks and underwear in the toilet would definitely cause him to break down.

“No problem.”

“It’s good that you can accept it. But you have to abide by what you accept.”

“Don’t worry.”

“I’ll take care of the hygiene this week. It’ll be yours next week. You can check it out and find any problems. It’ll be the same if you do it next week,” Luo Murong said.

“No problem. Let’s exchange contact details. It’ll be easier to contact you if there’s anything urgent.”

Luo Murong nodded after a moment’s hesitation. When he returned to his room, Xu Tui scanned the interior of Luo Murong’s room through the half-open door. He was immediately shocked.

Oh, wow.

The room had completely changed. It was like a room used for filming ancient dramas. Even the standardized chairs that were provided by the school were covered with a plain Han Style seat cover.

He really was a man in a traditional Han costume.

After returning to his room, Xu Tui closed the door. He had wanted to rest for an hour before training so that he could use the most time possible to recover his mind power and increase the efficiency of his training.

However, Xu Tui could not suppress his curiosity.

The five superb-type training technique projection cards that Mr. Wen Shao had given Xu Tui were like a cat gently scratching at him.

It made his heart itch. He could not take it.

“It should be fine to take a look, right?”

With that thought in mind, Xu Tui pasted the superb-type training technique projection card onto his communication device.

He read it.

Soon, Xu Tui’s curious heart cooled down.

How should he put it? The cultivation technique was definitely real.

However, no matter which cultivation technique it was, it was always more difficult. The requirements for cultivating it were also more peculiar.