Chapter 64 - Actual Battle First, Demonstration Later (1)

Chapter 64: Actual Battle First, Demonstration Later (1)

“Up to you. I have no objections.”

Of course, Deng Wei would not give up on recording the video even without Xu Tui’s agreement. Since he had to fight back, he had to have the evidence.

In this day and age, pictures and videos were the truth.

...

Xu Tui put on the protective gear very carefully. After he put it on, he started to rummage through the protective gear box.

Deng Wei became a little impatient.

“What are you looking for?” Mr. Wen Shao asked.

“Mr. Wen, there are only helmets, are there no face guards, or face armor?”

Wen Shao was shocked. “Why do you need face guards?”

Xu Tui gestured. “Mr. Wen, I’m so handsome…”

The students below the stage immediately fell over. It caused several students to laugh. The tense atmosphere was immediately quelled.

“Get ready.”

The next instant, Deng Wei and Xu Tui stood still on the stage. They were still 10 meters apart. It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s gaze became incredibly sharp. He became extremely focused.

“Start!”

Deng Wei was like a panther that had been released from its cage the moment he finished his sentence. He traversed the 3-meter distance with every step and attacked Xu Tui.

Deng Wei took his second step and landed. He closed the distance to less than 3 meters and was about to attack Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s gaze froze.

Almost instantly, an indescribable feeling appeared in Deng Wei’s heart. He felt as though there was something else in the empty space in front of him. However, he could not see anything.

Bang!

Deng Wei, who was charging forward, suddenly fell backward. It was as though he had hit his head against an obstacle. He fell backward.

Xu Tui’s body also trembled. He took half a step back.

Xu Tui had condensed a triangular mental awl with his mind power just now. It was placed in front of Deng Wei’s head. This mental awl was a small technique that Xu Tui had developed after he used his low-level mind power in the past few days.

Xu Tui’s mind power could materialize objects during low-level instantiation.

For example, pressing on the toilet button or running a tap.

However, such low-level instantiation of mind power could only be used at a certain point. It could not be accelerated or moved at will. It was a little like a display game.

Xu Tui placed an invisible mental awl on Deng Wei’s forehead as he charged toward him. Then, Deng Wei crashed into the mental awl. The mental awl was instantly shattered by an external force. It slightly shook Xu Tui’s mind.

However, Deng Wei was sent tumbling by the mental awl.

The stronger Deng Wei’s speed was, the more powerful the mental awl would be.

By the side, Mr. Wen Shao, who had sensed the mental awl, suddenly had a strange expression. He looked at Xu Tui in disbelief.

A large red bruise rapidly swelled on Deng Wei’s head. However, Deng Wei’s reaction speed was extremely fast. His battle sense was also extremely strong. He must have been through similar training. He rolled and got close to Xu Tui the moment he hit the ground. He planted his hands on the ground and twisted his legs as he charged toward Xu Tui.

Deng Wei, who had activated two speed-related genetic abilities within a 3-meter radius, was not someone Xu Tui could avoid.

Even though Xu Tui could clearly sense the path of Deng Wei’s attacks with his mental senses and knew how to avoid them, he could not avoid them. The speed of his body and his overall reactions could not match the feedback of his mind power.

Bang!

Xu Tui was slammed heavily onto the ground by Deng Wei’s spiraling foot. One of his legs landed on the side of Xu Tui’s waist, while the other landed directly on Xu Tui’s left neck and face.

Xu Tui rolled 180 degrees on the spot and fell face-first onto the ground.

Below the stage, the students from the Mystery Branch let out a cry of surprise.

Deng Wei, who was standing still, touched the swollen bulge at the center of his forehead. There was a flash of shock in his eyes.

What kind of ability was that? If that ability had targeted his vital points just now, then he would…?

The kicks were rather brutal. Xu Tui felt as though he was suffocating. He felt as though his head and neck had been hit by a sledgehammer. His ears were buzzing.

Xu Tui panted heavily before sitting up with difficulty. His face felt a little warm. His hand was covered in blood.

There was blood.

The pungent smell of blood suddenly reminded Xu Tui of the scene when A’Hu, the modified human, attacked him.

There was no fear. Instead, there was a strange sensation. This was the smell of war.

Deng Wei had clearly been merciless when he attacked.

Che Zhan had been knocked down twice during his battle with Deng Wei just now but was not injured. However, Xu Tui was injured.

Xu Tui felt that his left molar had become a little loose.

The Mystery Branch students below the stage immediately became agitated when they saw Xu Tui’s bleeding face.

Several students pointed at Deng Wei and scolded him.

“Xu Tui had already shown you mercy. Why are you still so merciless?”

“If the mind power that Xu Tui conjured was aimed at your vital points, such as your eyes, you would have become blind long ago. The outcome had been decided, yet you still didn’t let go.”

“Do you have any shame?”

“Why did you have to be so heavy-handed? Did you come to our school to bully us?”

The Mystery Branch students were rather knowledgeable. Many people immediately realized that the scene just now was caused by Xu Tui’s discovery of mind power.

Xu Tui had held back just now. Of course, he was not holding back. That was kindness.

If the mental awl was aimed at an eyeball, the eyeball would definitely explode from the speed at which Deng Wei crashed into it.

It was merely a demonstration, yet if he had crippled one of Deng Wei’s eyes, he would have gone overboard. Thus, Xu Tui placed it on his forehead.

Deng Wei, who had been scolded, felt a little scared. If that attack had really landed on his eyes, the outcome would have been…