Chapter 62 - An Accident In Actual Combat (3)

Chapter 62: An Accident in Actual Combat (3)

Xu Tui felt that he would not be able to use the 20-gram vacuum silver tantalum bottle for much longer.

The biggest problem Xu Tui faced now was money. His training speed was fast enough. However, the money he spent could no longer be described as money.

Twenty days… 300,000…

...

That was 450,000 dollars a month.

Xu Tui felt that he had to proactively slow down his training if he could not find a way to make money in the next three weeks. He even considered whether or not he should be like Cheng Mo and activate the Genetic Base Points in his stomach and transform into King of gluttons and consume a large amount of ordinary food to obtain energy. It would greatly reduce the consumption of energy during training.

However, the problem was that the king of gluttons could not be activated at will. He could not act recklessly without a systematic training method.

It shouldn’t be a problem for him to have horns. But having mushrooms on his face was a major problem.

It was early in the morning. There were three bouquets of fresh flowers at the door of Dorm 1604. The words they left behind every day were not the same.

Luo Murong had never seen it before. However, Xu Tui could sense it with his thoughts every day. This was Xu Tui’s daily spoonful of sweetness.

After cleaning up, Xu Tui rushed to the multi-purpose hall for his lesson.

The first lesson of the day was a public lecture. It was led by Mr. Wen. He had not attended this class for the past three weeks. They said that since everyone had just started training, there was no point in giving this lesson.

However, according to the arrangements made last week, they would begin their lesson of the Application of Actual Combat of the Mystery Branch.

You could tell how important this lesson was just from the name.

Everyone was very motivated. Not only could they not skip a lesson, but they also had to sit as close to the front as possible. That way, they could hear and see things more clearly.

Xu Tui was also very motivated. However, he was left with the middle back row when he arrived.

“Class Monitor Xu, here. I reserved a seat for you.”

The students in the School of Enlightened Mind were rather friendly. They reserved a seat for Xu Tui. Of course, it was the same as usual which was at the back of the queue. That was because most of the classes were exceptions to the students in the School of Enlightened Mind because it was not very useful.

“Thanks. I brought you breakfast.” Xu Tui handed his breakfast bag over to the student from the School of Enlightened Mind, Rong Youyang. He had reserved a seat for Xu Tui every time. He had taken up a seat at the back that was loved by many students. Xu Tui had to thank him.

Not long after, Mr. Wen Shao entered the venue. He still had the fisherman’s hat on his head.

“Students, we are going to conduct a lesson on the Application of Actual Combat in the Mystery Branch today. Today, I’ve invited a student from your school to be your teaching assistant. Let us welcome Student Deng Wei!”

“Good morning, everyone. My name is Deng Wei, and I am a first-year speed student from the Extreme Branch Institute. Currently, I have activated three genetic ability chains and am rated as a Level E liberator.” A muscular male student jumped onto the platform and bowed toward the Mystery Branch students.

The students below the stage immediately let out startled cries.

Many of the students from the Mystery Branch had not even activated a single genetic ability chain, yet this student from the Extreme Branch Institute had already activated three.

That was impressive.

“Students, do you know about the Mystery Branch’s greatest weakness?” Wen Shao smiled. “Many of you might have known about this, but you have never had a direct understanding of it. As for today, we’ll display it to everyone.

“Which of you is willing to be Deng Wei’s opponent to display your abilities? It is a simple battle. The students on the stage can wear defensive equipment.

“And it’s all voluntary.”

“Mr. Wen, can I make a request?” Deng Wei suddenly asked.

Wen Shao glanced at Deng Wei and was a little surprised. However, he had to give him face since he had asked him for help.

“Yes, tell me.”

“Mr. Wen, can I nominally challenge a certain student?” Deng Wei suddenly spoke.