Chapter 78 - The Origin Of Meditation (1)

Chapter 78: The Origin of Meditation (1)

Xu Tui immersed himself in the books about genetic ancient martial arts for the next few days.

This genetic ancient martial arts had completely opened up a new world for Xu Tui. He became even more interested when he compared the theories he learned in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

For example, the Genetic Ancient Lion Roar that Luo Murong used to break Xu Tui’s mental senses.

...

Actually, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College also had such an ability. The School of Sound of the Extreme Branch Institute specialized in such an ability. Activating a variety of genetic ability chains that were related to sound could allow a cultivator to release a variety of infrasonic waves, ultrasonic waves, and even supersonic waves.

Many of the soundwave genetic abilities had the ability to break mental defenses.

However, the prerequisite for obtaining such a genetic ability chain was that one had to activate sound-related genetic base points when they were being administered with the Genetic Compound Chain Allele Elixir (Genetic Liberation Elixir). Only then could they enter the School of Sound to train and activate such a genetic ability chain.

Of course, it was not as if the people from the other faculties could not cultivate sound-related genetic ability chains. They could do that.

Even though Xu Tui was from the School of Enlightened Mind, in theory, he could also cultivate superb-type genetic abilities. However, the direction of the Genetic Base Points he activated when he was administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir was the direction of his Genetic Talent Ability.

It was very difficult for students without sound-related genetic abilities to cultivate sound-related genetic abilities. Doing double the work was a trivial matter, but it might lead to other consequences.

Just like how Xu Tui had temporarily forgotten about the superb-type training method after he read it because it was a waste of time. Furthermore, he might not succeed 100% of the time.

Getting started was extremely difficult. The threshold was extremely high.

However, in the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts, such a threshold and difficulty of training seemed to have decreased. As long as he had a way to train in genetic ancient martial arts, he would be able to train across power systems.

What does it mean to train across the power systems?

For example, in the Extreme Branch Institute, there were the Speed Branch, Power Branch, Vision Branch, Sound Branch, and Neural Branch. Among them, the speed-related and power-related systems were similar. Even the nerve-related systems were somewhat similar. They were all training the fundamental abilities of the body, with a portion or an entire set of physical attributes as the foundation.

However, the Vision-type and Sound-type systems were different. It had nothing in common with the speed-type or power-type.

This was cross-force training.

There was also the School of Enlightened Mind and the School of Superbs in the Mystery Branch Institute. They were also called cross-force training. The School of Enlightened Mind and the School of Radiation Influence had a slight similarity.

All speed-type students trained in the nervous system, as well as the strength-type. However, most of them did not specialize in the sound-type or vision-type.

However, in the genetic ancient martial arts, this kind of dual cultivation seemed to be very normal.

There were no longer obvious distinctions like in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

For example, his roommate, Luo Murong, was a speed-type student from the Extreme Branch Institute. However, he had powerful sound-related abilities.

It was also a rare occurrence in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

According to the fundamental theories of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, these were two completely different directions for genetic evolution. Very few people did that. Even if they did, they would not succeed.

However, things looked very easy on Luo Murong’s side.

Xu Tui did not know how much Luo Murong had sacrificed to train in the genetic ancient martial arts. However, the genetic ancient martial arts piqued his interest.

Then, another point of knowledge shocked Xu Tui even more.

“The Dialectical Combination Theory of Traditional Huaxia Cultivation and Genetic Evolution”

Xu Tui’s shock came from the book. The book mentioned a few points of knowledge regarding traditional Huaxia training.

For example, the meditation of Daoists. The meditative state of Buddhism was also called zen. The meditation of ancient Indian yoga.

These points of knowledge were commonly used during discussions 100 years ago, including during the current Genetic Evolution Era.

Meditation! That’s right, it was the meditation that Xu Tui did every day. He was shocked. The meditation that his father, Xu Jianguo, had taught him since he was young had such a background?

Xu Tui could not remember exactly when he started meditating. Ever since he could remember things when he was six or seven years old, Xu Tui had needed to adjust his breathing, meditate, and relax every night before falling asleep.

Xu Tui remembered that he would always fall asleep during his meditation. At that time, his father, Xu Jianguo, had emphasized his stance to him.

For example, sitting cross-legged. Another example was relaxation, and to empty his mind. Later, when Xu Tui could relax and empty his mind, the posture became unimportant. He could be in any posture as long as he could meditate.

“Dad also practiced meditation? Then does my illusory introspection have anything to do with this meditation?”

Xu Tui could not stop himself from thinking about that question. He could not suppress his doubts. He quickly called his father, Xu Jianguo.

“Why did you remember to call me? Are you lacking money again?”

“No, Dad. So you think I only called you for money? Can’t I show some concern for you two?”

“Concern? I like it. Yes, you didn’t go to school in vain. You’ve grown a little. Tell me, how much do you want this time?”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Dad, I have something that I want to ask you. What’s with the meditation that you taught me when I was young? Where did you learn this?” Xu Tui asked.

“What’s the matter? Did it get in your way?”

“No, I suddenly saw a book that had records of this. I wanted to ask you about it.”

“It’s nothing. It was taught to me by a teacher when I was in college. He said that it has the effect of calming the mind and enlightening the mind. I practiced it, but I didn’t get anything out of it.

“However, I would become more energetic after training and would recover quickly if I got tired or fell sick occasionally.

“After that, when your mother had you, she could not sleep the entire night because of her severe morning sickness and anxiety. That scared me. I was afraid that the two of you could not make it. The doctors at the hospital had administered a lot of medication but to no avail.

“Left without a choice, I taught your mother this meditation. Guess what? Your mother fell asleep.”

Xu Jianguo’s voice was filled with happiness.

“And then you were born, and you’re a night owl. You were always fooling around!

“You sure are energetic in the middle of the night, and you won’t sleep. Your mother and I will have to work during the day and fool around with you at night. I don’t think that we should stay up all night. So I started teaching you.

“Your mother and I will ask you to watch us meditate before we sleep every day. Who cares if you go up to the sky or roll on the bed? We’ll just sit cross-legged and meditate. And you gradually learned from us due to your curiosity. We taught you patiently.

“Anyway, one day when you were three, you suddenly fainted. Haha, it turns out you fell asleep. We only did this for half a year.

“Ever since then, you would fall headlong into a deep sleep just by sitting cross-legged for a short while. Your mother and I only managed to live a happy life after that.”

Xu Jianguo laughed loudly on the other end of the line.

Xu Tui felt a little hurt. So he, the son, got in the way of his parents’ happy lives? He felt a little redundant.

“Dad, what’s the name of this teacher? Did he say anything else?”

“What’s the name? Let me think.”

Xu Jianguo was deep in thought on the other end of the line. In the end, he shook his head and said, “I can’t remember. It was more than 20 years ago. That teacher was just a teacher in charge of a major class. He only gave us a few public lectures. I can’t remember his name.

He did not say anything else. Oh, yes, did something happen to your meditation?”

“No, I was just curious when I saw something similar…”

….

Xu Tui was still confused even after he hung up the phone. Did his meditation have anything to do with “The Dialectical Theory Of Huaxia’s Traditional Training And Genetic Evolution”?

Xu Tui could not make a judgment even after he finished the book.

That was because the book “The Dialectical Theory Of Huaxia’s Traditional Training And Genetic Evolution” mentioned the meditation of the Dao, Buddhism, and ancient Indian yoga. However, there was no concrete method of meditation.

They were all mentioned in general terms and they all had their own characteristics and differences.

Xu Tui’s meditation seemed to touch on every aspect.

Xu Tui’s meditation was extremely simple.

It was about calming his mind, inhaling through his nose, exhaling through his mouth, and taking long breaths. He could relax his entire body during these long breaths, then empty his mind and quickly enter a meditative state.

“After I finish reading these books, I have to understand more about genetic ancient martial arts. It would be best if I can communicate with Luo Murong.”

Xu Tui came to a decision after he thought about it.

…

July 23rd, Friday, fifth week after Xu Tui entered the school.

They had a new public lesson today.

The curriculum of the first-year students in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College might not be filled immediately after school started. This was especially so for training classes. They followed the progress rate of their training.

For example, Wen Shao started off his lecture with the training of mind power. After that, Wen Shao had a lecture on actual combat. The rest of the classes were conducted in smaller classes.

The public lesson they were going to take today was called Reflex Training.

The lesson plan specifically stated: This lesson is extremely important. You will also be administered with the elixir on the spot. If there are no important matters, please do not skip the lesson. If you are absent from class, please get permission from the teacher, homeroom teacher, and the department head to receive the supplement.

They made it sound so serious so he could not afford to miss this class. Furthermore, the process of catching up on his missed classes was extremely troublesome.

Xu Tui rushed to the public lecture venue early on Friday morning.

The lesson was in the Extreme Branch Institute. The location was the Reflexes Training Building. It was not far away. The location was within the Extreme Branch Institute but was very close to the Mystery Branch Institute.

Xu Tui ran into many students from the Extreme Branch Institute along the way. Occasionally, a student would glance at him or point at him.

After all, Xu Tui was a famous student in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He was a thorn in the flesh. He was rather well-known. However, no one tried to provoke him.

After all, not many people were muscleheaded fools like Deng Wei.

The students who managed to get into the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College through the screenings were all very powerful.

The Reflexes Training Building had eight floors.

The second, third, fourth, and fifth floors were public training halls.

The sixth, seventh, and eighth floors were multi-purpose independent training halls. They were for individuals, small groups, and teachers. Usage required a student’s level assessment or a fee.

The first-year student’s reflexes training lesson was on the second floor. It was the second floor that occupied the largest area. Even though it was called the second floor, the floor was very high. Furthermore, the floor was made up of stairs in squares.

Every student who came to class was given a square. The squares were all one square meter in size. They had doors and were enclosed by a 80-centimeter-high fence. Four matrix-shaped laser heads were suspended above every square.

There were 1,500 squares.

The Reflex Training lesson was the most popular training course in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. It was said that everyone had to learn it. It did not matter if they were from the Mystery Branch or the Extreme Branch. They were all mandatory.

Thus, classes were arranged in a systematic manner.

It was a public lesson for new students from the Extreme Branch and Mystery Branch.

Half of the students who were attending this public lesson were from the Mystery Branch, while the other half were from the Extreme Branch.

When the bell rang, an agile teacher with a short beard quickly appeared on the elevated platform.

This was the professor from the Extreme Branch Institute’s School of Neurology, Luo Shifeng.