Chapter 79 - Speed Of Life And Death

Chapter 79: Speed of Life and Death

“Good morning, students. My name is Luo Shifeng, and I am a professor from the Extreme Branch Institute’s School of Neurology. I will be giving a public lecture on reflexes. I hope that this year will bring you joy and improvement.”

Luo Shifeng, who had an exquisite short beard, went straight to the point.

“Three points.

...

“First, our School of Neurology has a large public class. It has the most students. There are 1,500 students in the class today. There are many people, so I request for absolute silence. I do not want to hear any sounds from your communication devices or whispers. If you do, then please leave. Don’t affect the rest of the students’ studies. Watch the recording alone after class.

“Second, unless I ask you a question, if not you can ask me questions after class or during training. Otherwise, there’s no way for us to go through this lesson.

“Third, you will do whatever I tell you to do during the lesson. You have to follow my instructions. If you have any doubts, you can choose not to do it. But you are not allowed to interrupt my lesson.

“Do you all understand?”

“Yes.”

The answers from the students were very uniform. Many students even confirmed that they had turned their communication devices off to silent mode. Getting kicked out of class was no joke.

“Alright. The first thing is to familiarize yourself with your training square. Your studies and training will all be within this square.”

After explaining the rules of the class, Professor Luo’s image in the minds of the students became clear.

Serious, strict, requires students to follow the rules and instructions.

“I believe that many of you have done your research into the subject of reflexes. I won’t waste my breath on what you know.

“I’ll only talk about one question. The speed of your reflexes is extremely important. How important is it?

“For example, the license to drive special equipment and operate special weapons have the lowest requirement of a person’s reflexes.

“The reaction speed of an ordinary person is roughly 0.2 to 0.3 seconds. Students like you generally have a reaction speed of 200 milliseconds to 250 milliseconds. Some of the students who had been through long-term training had reflexes that could reach 100 milliseconds. That was a very fast reaction speed.

“However, the requirement for the reaction speed of special equipment and special weapons was 10 milliseconds, which is 0.01 seconds. You would not even have the right to obtain the verification if you cannot meet this requirement. That is what you are most interested in.

“There are also things that you are not interested in or do not want to face. For example, life and death!

“The speed of our reflexes is also called the speed of life and death.”

While he was speaking, Professor Luo Shifeng casually took out a high-powered weapon and a hot weapon from the podium. They were both from the Miniature Charge series.

“For these two weapons, the initial speed of the plasma and the bullet is 1,500 meters per second and 1,200 meters per second respectively. Who could avoid its gunfire within 10 meters? There’s no need to answer. Those who have the confidence, you can stand out.”

Everyone was silent. No one dared to move. An initial speed of 1,500 meters and a distance of 10 meters were more like suicide.

“What about 50 meters? Anyone?”

There was still no one.

“What about 100 meters?”

A few students from the Extreme Branch Institute swayed when they heard the 100-meter mark. However, no one stood out. Some had some thoughts, but they did not have the confidence.

“Alright, if there’s no one, I’ll demonstrate for you what the speed of life and death is today. Let’s start at 10 meters and shoot continuously. Shoot until you run out of bullets.”

Professor Luo tossed the two guns toward his assistant. He tossed it out as he put on his helmet and bulletproof vest.

“Under normal circumstances, I don’t need that. I have that confidence. However, it’s better to be safe than sorry. This is what you should do, and it is what I request for you all to do.

“Students must wear protective equipment during any training that involves danger in the future, no matter how powerful or confident you are. You only have one life. Otherwise, with just a little interference from an unexpected factor, you would…”

Professor Luo stood still. A soft screen had risen 50 meters behind the platform. It should be used to intercept the bullets.

“Let’s begin.”

Almost immediately after he finished speaking, the assistant started to fire his high-powered weapon.

There was a constant buzzing sound. The 60 rounds of high-powered plasma that had been shot within a short time formed a screen of light. At first glance, Professor Luo seemed to have been enveloped by the screen of light.

Several students let out a cry of surprise, but they still covered their mouths.

Almost immediately, the sounds of gunfire from conventional guns rang out. The 45-round magazines were all used up in a few seconds. The bullets once again formed a barrage.

Due to their optical illusions, many of them felt that Professor Luo was about to be riddled with holes.

However, when the screen of light and bullet screen disappeared, Professor Luo was still standing on the platform, unharmed.

Most of the students could not even see how Professor Luo dodged the bullets.

“Oh, my hair is a little messy.” Professor Luo gently smoothed his hair.

The students below the stage were indescribably shocked. In terms of posturing, Professor Luo from the School of Neurology had a perfect score.

“Do you understand what the speed of life and death is now?

“No matter how powerful you are, no matter if you are from the Extreme Branch or the Mystery Branch, if your reflexes are too poor, you would be sending yourself to death no matter where you go.

“Your reaction speed is 100 milliseconds, while the enemy’s reaction speed is 50 milliseconds. In theory, regardless of the distance, your enemy can kill you 50 times in this 50 milliseconds.

“On the battlefield, especially in close-range battles or when faced with the attacks of energy weapons and guns, a person would have more chances of surviving as long as they were not covered in bullets and their reflexes were fast enough.”