Chapter 70 - : Evidence (2)

Chapter 70: Evidence (2)

Xu Tui’s expression also became a little ugly. At this moment, Xu Tui was certain that Mr. Wen Shaowen harbored ill intentions toward him. If he really treated him well, he would be able to suppress the commotion with an announcement.

However, if the teacher-in-charge, Wen Shao, did not step forward, it would be more troublesome if the others, such as Mr. Bian Yuan, wanted to make a public announcement. They would have to contact other parties.

“Let me contact Miss An. She is the vice-chairman of the School of Enlightened Mind. Her words carry more weight. Don’t be anxious. The video is there. It’ll be fine.” Bian Yuan made a call.

...

However, An Xiaoxue’s call could not get through. She might be conducting experiments or training.

“Students, we can also repost more of these videos. We can get the other students to repost them for us when we send red packets. We can also contact the other students to repost the video. The truth is out there. Would he be able to overturn the situation?”

Rong Youyang’s call to action had some effect. However, as a new student who had just entered the school not too long ago, his connections are simple. Doing so would indeed have a slight effect. However, it was rather difficult to create an impact. He would not even be able to enter the top 30, much less the top 10 of the hottest topics on the campus.

“Thank you. You guys can go to your classes now. I have to go out for a while,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Why are you going?”

“Oh, I’m going to report it!”

Xu Tui headed straight for the disciplinary division after he left the School of Enlightened Mind classroom.

Xu Tui had already understood the situation. Lian Jinzhang was taking advantage of the situation. Many people had no idea where to start when they encountered such a situation. What he said is the truth. What can you do to him?

Conscience?

Lian Jinzhang had done similar deeds on the Internet. He had succeeded too. He had taken advantage of such a loophole.

Many students would at most call the disciplinary division to complain when they encountered such a situation. However, to the disciplinary division, they received countless complaints about the videos every day.

How could they possibly investigate them all? Would the disciplinary division still be able to do their jobs then? They would not interfere as long as there were no problems with the video.

Thus, under the complaints from his classmates, Lian Jinzhang only had to change the title. However, that also meant that his complaints were effective. However, he did not use enough force.

Most of the students avoided departments like the disciplinary division if they could. It was enough for them to make a complaint on the phone. Wasn’t they asking for trouble by causing trouble at the disciplinary division?

Under such a situation, a person like Lian Jinzhang would succeed in his plot. However, Xu Tui insisted on being a pain in the neck today.

Xu Tui received two more calls on his way to the disciplinary division.

They were all famous producers of trending news on the campus. They had over 20,000 fans and over 30,000 people. They only discussed one matter with Xu Tui: They were going to help Xu Tui release a complete video to clarify the matter.

Of course, it was not free. Xu Tui had to pay two hundred thousand.

Xu Tui did not have that much money. However, he saw a chain of benefits.

The school was also a society. This was a small society of genetic newcomers. Even a trending video would involve a large number of benefits.

….

The disciplinary division was set up at the border of the Extreme Branch Institute and the Mystery Branch Institute. It was a grayish-black building that looked rather solemn.

“Student, what’s the matter?”

“Teacher, I want to make a report. Someone is intentionally slandering a student, sowing discord between the Extreme Branch and Mystery Branch students, and is using a trending video to maliciously extort and corrupt the school’s rules!”

At this moment, Xu Tui did not mind blowing the matter out of proportion. He made the matter sound as if it was bigger than the heavens.

The teacher from the disciplinary division who was serving Xu Tui got a shock. Coupled with the fact that Xu Tui’s face had not fully recovered, he quickly led Xu Tui to the side to understand the situation.

The teacher from the disciplinary division who was receiving Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when he heard Xu Tui and saw the video. He had thought that something major had happened. So it was this video that caused the trouble.

“Student Xu Tui, there are no problems with the video itself. There have been no technological changes. At the moment, he has not violated any of the school rules. What he said is the truth. Regarding the recording, in the recording, he said that he wanted 500,000 dollars, but he immediately said that it was a joke. That cannot be used as evidence for the punishment…”

Xu Tui immediately stood up and barged into the room before the teacher-in-charge could finish his sentence.

“Hey, what are you doing? This is the chairman’s office. You can’t barge in if there’s nothing wrong!”

The teacher-in-charge came to stop Xu Tui. At the same time, a few other teachers heard the commotion and came to stop Xu Tui. However, Xu Tui was sneaky. He had already rushed to the door of the first vice-chairman’s office when the teacher arrived to stop him. He knocked on the door.

Soon, someone came out from inside.

Wang Rutie! He was the vice-chairman of the disciplinary division and currently managed the daily operations of the division.

“What’s going on?”

The teacher from the disciplinary division had an ugly expression when he heard Wang Rutie’s question. The teacher-in-charge had explained the situation to him just now.

Wang Rutie also accessed the trending news on the campus after he heard Xu Tui’s explanation. He started comparing the two videos based on what Xu Tui told him. He frowned a few minutes later.

“There’s a problem with ‘Eternity Begins’. The intention of this video’s intentional guidance is too obvious. He clearly had bad intentions. Even though the video had not been tampered with and was an original, the public opinion of this video was completely different now that they were at each other’s throats. It was the opposite of the original video.

“Furthermore, just as Xu Tui had said, this was intentionally trying to drive a wedge between the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch. Even though there is competition between the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch, we will also be comrades in the future.

“How could he do that? He actually dared to direct the tide of the conflict! He sure has guts!” After he said that, Wang Rutie said, “Deal with it. Block and remove this video immediately. This kind of trend cannot happen. Also, the account “Eternity Begins” account will be temporarily banned.

“We would see if we needed to deal with the situation further after the investigation. Also, deal with similar incomplete videos as well.”

“Thank you, Vice-Chairman Wang.”

“There’s no need to thank me. We did not do our job well.”

“Vice-Chairman Wang, I also want to report the person who uploaded the video, Lian Jinzhang, for using the video to direct public opinion and extort money from the students. Please deal with the matter, Vice-Chairman Wang,” Xu Tui said.

“What happened?” Wang Rutie asked.

The teacher from the disciplinary division explained, “There was indeed a recording. In the recording, Lian Jinzhang asked for 500,000 dollars. However, he immediately said that it was a joke, that he was teasing Xu Tui.

“There’s no way to prove it.”

Wang Rutie, the vice-chairman of the disciplinary division, also listened to the recording. He furrowed his brow and said, “Student Xu Tui, to tell you the truth, I can also tell that Lian Jinzhang is extorting you. The later words should be his cover. However, this charge was already a crime. However, there had to be evidence if he was to be convicted. The recording could be overturned because of the latter half.

“It was normal for students to joke around. A conscience cannot be used as evidence for a crime.”

At this point, Wang Rutie added, “How about this? I’ll follow up with the investigation—”

“It’s alright, Vice-Chairman Wang. I still have evidence. I can prove that he had extorted money from me,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“What evidence?” Even the vice-chairman of the disciplinary division, Wang Rutie, was curious now. If there is any concrete evidence, leave this matter to me.”