Chapter 71 - Protecting The Spirit Of Resistance (1)

Chapter 71: Protecting the Spirit of Resistance (1)

“Vice-Chairman Wang, look at the trending video release number of ‘Eternity Begins’. There are many deleted videos. Even though the video has been deleted, there are still traces of it being released,” Xu Tui said.

Wang Rutie knitted his brows. “Isn’t it normal to delete a video after it has been uploaded for some time?”

At this point, Wang Rutie’s expression suddenly froze. He then stood up abruptly as a murderous aura assaulted him. “Are you saying that this incident where Lian Jinzhang extorted you with the video and then used a joke as a cover is not an isolated case? He is a repeat offender?”

...

Xu Tui shrugged, speechless. “Of course. Otherwise, how could he have done it so smoothly?”

“Then, those deleted videos might have been deleted after he succeeded?”

“That’s what I mean. Of course, it’s impossible that all of the videos he deleted involve extortion. But a portion of them must be,” Xu Tui said. “Vice-Chairman Wang, actually, all you need to do is to check the time period when Lian Jinzhang’s personal bank account received a large sum of money, then investigate the videos that have been deleted during this time period. You can then look at the students involved in the videos.

“Then, you can find the corresponding student to investigate the matter. That would…”

Wang Rutie made a stopping gesture. Their disciplinary division might not be able to survive if they needed a student like Xu Tui to teach them how to solve a case and find the evidence.

“I didn’t expect that the popular video producer in the school would be targeting students for extortion. If you did not come, would we not know that something like this happened here? Five hundred thousand! He really had a large appetite. Isn’t he afraid of bursting?”

Wang Rutie let out a cold laugh. His subordinates beside him felt a chill run down their spines. The vice-chairman of the disciplinary division was someone that even his people feared if he got angry.

“Vice-Chairman Wang, I won’t lie to you. Actually, my classmates, Mr. Bian, and I have shared and promoted the complete video that involves me. However, because of his connections and his fans, we could not enter the top ranks of the school’s trending videos.

“However, two seniors contacted me on the way here and said that 200,000 dollars is enough to make my full video enter the top five trending topics on the campus. It will solve the crisis of public opinion for me!” Xu Tui was not afraid of the situation blowing up now.

Wang Rutie’s expression turned even colder. “It looks like we really need to rectify the school’s trending video. The publicity department sure manages it well!”

At this point, Wang Rutie suddenly said, “Alright, you don’t have to worry about the rest of the matter. Let the school decide on the course of action.

“Also, this is negligence on our part. We will release a complete video of your incident on the official website of the disciplinary division and push it to the top of the trending videos on the campus to help you clarify the situation.

“As for what the students say, that is their freedom.”

“Thank you, Vice-Chairman Wang.”

Xu Tui left the disciplinary division office after he expressed his thanks.

Xu Tui had just left when Wang Rutie let out a cold grunt. “Do you still need me to teach you how to do your job? They said that the disciplinary division was in charge of trivial matters all day long. However, you did not notice the massive tumor that is lurking right under our noses. You’re not even as good as a student.”

While they were speaking, Wang Rutie’s communication device rang. He had received a message.

Wang Rutie suddenly said after he had a look. “The principal is going to hold a video conference with the school committee in three hours. I want the results. Any problems?”

“No problem!”

….

Inside the Mystery Branch Physical Training Hall, Lian Jinzhang was sweating profusely as he went through physical training and reflexes. Even though he was from the School of Superbs of the Mystery Branch Institute, he had to train his stamina and reflexes. Superbs who did not train their stamina and reflexes were all weaklings.

In the battle for the Longhu List, anyone who got close to him would be instantly killed.

However, his communication device suddenly beeped. He had received three notifications in a row. Under normal circumstances, these kinds of notifications were either because his best friend had something urgent to tell him or something important.

Lian Jinzhang quickly stopped his training to read the message. His expression became extremely ugly when he read the message.

“F*ck! Darn it, who’s messing with me! F*ck, which idiot is causing trouble? Not only did they block my account, but they also locked onto my personal information. I can’t even make a new account!”

Lian Jinzhang looked at the notifications with an ugly expression.

The first message was to inform him that the video he had sent just now had been deleted.

The second message was to notify him about the account ‘Eternity Begins’. The account was temporarily banned and was pending an investigation.

The third message was to inform him that all of the video releases under his account had been temporarily banned. He was to wait for the investigation and was unable to create a new account.

Three consecutive messages made Lian Jinzhang extremely angry. He had managed this account for more than two years and had used various means to obtain his current results. It was his cash cow.

The only reason he managed to get into the top 100 of the Year-Three Longhu List and even the last place on the Longhu Overall Rankings was the resources he obtained from his cash cow for his training.

So how could he not be angry now that the account was blocked?

“Xu Tui! It must be that bastard Xu Tui!”

Lian Jinzhang called Xu Tui without thinking. “Lad, you did it?”

On the other end of the line, Xu Tui froze. He immediately reacted. The disciplinary division must have taken over the title.

“Senior Lian, I don’t have 500,000 dollars. So I could only be a real pain in the butt!”