Chapter 75 - Breaking The Sense (1)

Chapter 75: Breaking the Sense (1)

As of today, the 36 Genetic Base Points in the first level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, Version 4.9, had all been activated.

Counting the time, it had been less than a month since he started training. Four and a half weeks had passed. It had just been 31 days.

Within 31 days, Xu Tui activated a total of 29 genetic base points. In total, Xu Tui had activated 49 genetic base points.

...

In terms of numbers, he should be in the lead. But he would be considered one of the last in terms of the genetic ability chains activated.

Students from the Extreme Branch and Mystery Branch had activated three to four genetic ability chains. There were even some who activated five.

Of course, there were different genetic ability chains. Some genetic ability chains could be activated with three to five genetic base points. The value of those abilities was also different.

Xu Tui could only activate a genetic ability chain after he activated all 36 genetic base points.

Other than activating a few genetic base points, some of Xu Tui’s physical attributes would also undergo a slight enhancement. Like memory, or vision.

Of course, the most important ability was low-level instantiation.

Even though Xu Tui would have been able to instantiate his abilities at a low level a week ago, he had only managed to fully activate a genetic ability chain now according to the Version 4.9 of Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

Now, Xu Tui would be certified as a Level F genetic liberator if he applied to test his genetic ability.

Yes, the kind that had all of the relevant documents and information online. However, it was meaningless. It would not increase Xu Tui’s current treatment, nor would it bring him any benefits.

The personal treatment of a new student would only undergo another drastic change after the three-month growth period. When the time came, the basis for their decision would be the number and value of their genetic ability chains. It was not based on the number of genetic base points he had when he just entered the school.

Within 31 days, Xu Tui consumed a total of 79 bottles of Level E energy restoration elixirs. Other than the five bottles he received for his level treatment, the rest of it was his own money. He spent over 370,000 dollars. The discount an individual’s low-grade Level D rights provided was not much.

Xu Tui’s wallet had rapidly shrunk over a third of its original size.

Next month, Xu Tui estimated that he would consume over 90 Level E energy restoration elixirs. He might even consume a hundred of them.

Recently, Xu Tui’s reasonable plan for the time he needed to train had caused the energy consumption to increase.

Xu Tui’s constantly increasing mind power also continuously increased the time he took to train and the energy he expended. He felt a little heartache for the money. However, he did not regret his decision.

The enhancement in his abilities this month was very obvious.

Even during this week, Xu Tui had made startling improvements six days after his conflict with Deng Wei.

Just now, Xu Tui noticed that his mind power did not surge after he activated the 36th genetic base point and fully activated the first level. However, it became clearer and more stable. He could not see or touch them, but that was the feeling he got.

The mental awl he condensed became sturdier and more stable. The mental awl still could not move at high speeds to injure its target. However, Xu Tui could now apply more power to the mental awl.

Six days ago, Deng Wei had been able to shatter Xu Tui’s invisible mental awl with a kick. And he would only get a bruise when he charged over and hit it. However, if Deng Wei continued to charge at him without knowing anything now, he would definitely bleed from his head and receive a concussion.

If it was more graphic, the strength of Xu Tui’s mental awl six days ago had been like the strength of an ordinary brick. However, six days later, the strength of Xu Tui’s mental awl became as hard as stone.

Many people could smash bricks with their bare hands. Not many people could smash rocks with their bare hands.

More importantly, Xu Tui realized that he could now condense and set up two mental awls.

With the two mental awls, Xu Tui could use his mind power in battle even though the practicality of his mind power was not great. It would be different if he used it in battle and had greater flexibility.

Of course, these were not the only benefits he obtained from completing the first level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

Xu Tui activated his mind power slightly and immediately covered his surroundings with his mind power.

“Six meters!”

The radius of his mental senses had reached the limit of the length and width of his room. It was much wider than his room.

Xu Tui even “saw” into the room of his roommate, Luo Murong.

Xu Tui’s first reaction was a little strange when he saw the situation in Luo Murong’s room.

“Fortunately, he is a male roommate. If he was a female roommate…”

Instantly, Xu Tui came up with countless ideas.

In the room next door, Luo Murong was practicing a stance technique.

Having been roommates for a long time, this was the first time Xu Tui was observing Luo Murong’s room so clearly. In the room, aside from the antique decorations, what Xu Tui saw the most were books. Paper books that are rarely seen nowadays.

Most of the titles were ancient.

“The Realistic Meaning Of The Shaolin Temple’s 72 Ultimate Arts in the Era of Genetic Evolution.”

“The Theory Of The Combination Of Martial Arts And Genetic Evolution.”

“Introduction to Ancient Martial Arts.”

“New Genetic Martial Arts Theory.”

“The Dialectical Theory Of Huaxia’s Traditional Training And Genetic Evolution.”

“Speed Is Everything!”

…

These titles suddenly piqued Xu Tui’s curiosity. Was this one of the reasons Luo Murong liked Hanfu?

The books that Luo Murong read were things that Xu Tui had only seen occasionally in television dramas. He had never come into contact with them.

Today, under the observation of his mental senses, Xu Tui suddenly saw a new world.

Looking at Luo Murong’s books, Xu Tui realized that something as technological as genetic evolution could be combined with ancient martial arts, martial arts, and traditional Huaxia training in the Genetic Evolution Era.

Were the stances that Luo Murong had practiced also a form of ancient martial arts or some new martial arts?

Luo Murong looked like he had been training for some time. His forehead was covered in sweat. However, there was a book in front of him. Luo Murong, who was training, would glance at it from time to time.

This made Xu Tui a little curious.

Xu Tui extended his mind power outward to get a better look at the contents of the book. There was a drawing of a mini human with constantly changing movements on the flipped page. Every time the mini human moved, a red spot would be marked at a different spot.

However, at this instant, the expression of Luo Murong, who was training with his eyes lowered, changed drastically. His brows furrowed as he glared.

“Scram!” His voice was like thunder. It was startling.

Xu Tui instantly fell out of the mental state he was in. However, even though he had withdrawn his mental senses, the thunderous roar just now still made Xu Tui a little fearful. It seemed as though his mind was being affected and fluctuating.

Xu Tui was shocked. What kind of roar was that?

Bang! Bang! Bang!

There was a knock on the door.

Xu Tui opened the door to see Luo Murong, who was training in a traditional Han costume.

“It was you just now?”

Xu Tui nodded, embarrassed. “I’m sorry. I had a breakthrough just now and tried it out of curiosity.”

“You managed to instantiate something at a low level in a month and have a sensory distance of over four meters. Not bad. However, you should not be so reckless next time. You should not spy on others with your mental senses.

“Many people, especially seniors and genetic evolvers, would specialize in training to have an ability that targeted that ability. You might receive a backlash or even be injured if you were not careful.

“When I roared just now, I realized that it might be you at the last minute and held back. Otherwise, you might have already been injured.”

“Thank you. Thank you. I won’t do it again.”

Xu Tui was very grateful. He had been a long-term cleaner in the dormitory for the past few weeks. It did not feel good. However, Xu Tui enjoyed the attitude of his roommate today.

This was the attitude a roommate should have!

“Oh, yes, what kind of genetic ability did you use just now?”

Luo Murong hesitated for a moment before replying, “It’s not purely a genetic ability. It is an ancient martial art that has been replicated through genetic evolution in the ancient martial arts school—the Lion’s Roar! It can disrupt a person’s heart and break large-scale mental senses.”

Xu Tui was startled. “There’s such an ability.”

“Of course, there are more kinds of genetic abilities than you can imagine. You guys have only just started.”

Luo Murong turned to leave after he said that. However, before he left, he said, “You probed into my privacy with your mental senses just now. That is already going against the 13 Rules of the dormitory rules.

“This is your first time. I don’t want to say too much about you, but you have to continue with the hygiene of the dormitory next week.”

“I…”

Xu Tui opened his mouth but could not say anything. He had almost completely taken over the hygiene of the dormitory. He had been at it for three weeks. It would be four weeks if he counted the next week.

However, his mental senses had been noticed by him just now.

The little bit of goodwill Xu Tui had for Luo Murong vanished again.

Xu Tui closed the door and continued to use his mental senses. This time, he used the hazy sensory state.

He could clearly sense his surroundings within a 6-meter radius just now. If Xu Tui used the hazy sensory state, he would be able to see things further away.

Basically, Xu Tui could vaguely sense the situation in Luo Murong’s room. However, it was impossible for him to read the contents of the book. He could not even sense the title of the book.

Xu Tui’s hazy senses passed through Luo Murong’s body. He saw a very artistic painting hanging on Luo Murong’s wall. He could not see the figure clearly. However, it felt very artistic. It might be because of the blurriness.

Xu Tui was elated.

Due to his hazy senses, Luo Murong, who was training, did not notice anything even though he had been running around in his room for several minutes.

This allowed Xu Tui to come to a conclusion. He should use more of the hazy sensory state in the future. He had to be careful when he used the ultraHD version of his mental senses.

On the one hand, it was because of what Luo Murong had said. It would attract trouble and even retaliation. On the other hand, he had to prevent himself from being blinded.

Just now, Xu Tui had extended his senses toward the neighboring dormitory, which was also Room 1603. He almost vomited on the spot. There were several dozen pairs of strangely-colored socks on the floor of the single room, as well as a pile of changed underwear at the corner of the bed.

More importantly, there was a pile of used tissues on the ground. He didn’t know what they were used for.

….

Xu Tui had a question in his heart after his battle with Deng Wei. Should he focus on cultivating mind power or train based on the premise that he could survive in battle? He had always been conflicted.

However, now, Xu Tui suddenly had an idea.

To some extent, these two training directions did not conflict, especially with Xu Tui. His training progressed faster than most of the students.

Xu Tui could focus on training his mind power and train in other areas when the progress of his mind power was extremely slow.

For example, Xu Tui could activate one genetic base point a day when he activated the first 24 genetic base points of the Version 4.9 Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. He might even activate three genetic base points every two days.

However, activating the last 12 genetic base points took a longer time. The time it took to activate the ability increased. That was even when Xu Tui increased his training time of his mind power where it was constantly increasing.

For example, Xu Tui had used five bottles of Level E energy restoration elixir to activate his 36th genetic base point. It had taken Xu Tui two days to activate the point.

Xu Tui could foresee that it would take even longer for him to activate the 24 genetic base points in the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, Version 4.9, much less the third level.

When the time came, Xu Tui could consider training other abilities if his training progress became extremely slow.

Of course, Xu Tui had to solve the problem of money for his training first.

“Miss An said that even a genius would need at least half a year to complete the first level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. But I only did it in four weeks. Wouldn’t that mean that I am a genius? And the super handsome kind?”

Xu Tui got off the bed quickly after he gloated for a while longer.

It was a Sunday. There were no classes in school, but Xu Tui still had a mission. He had to go to the Genetic Research Institute.

The treatment of a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir every month was enough to make Xu Tui bend over backward.