Chapter 85 - Genetic Ability Field

Chapter 85: Genetic Ability Field

Li Cheng, who had watched three matches in a row, did not watch them for nothing. Clearly, he had noticed the weakness of Xu Tui’s Mystery Branch abilities. He could only use the momentum to injure others. He could not actively attack others.

Once they exchanged blows, Li Cheng slowly approached Xu Tui. He then followed up with dazzling feints that forced Xu Tui to dodge.

As a speed-type fighter, Li Cheng was clearly more adept at changing his moves than Wang Zixuan. There was a large amount of residual power behind Li Cheng’s feint, which was between the explosive and the inactive. He could do whatever he wanted. It would instantly retract a portion of its power when it encountered Xu Tui’s mental awl.

...

As a result, even though Li Cheng had been hit by Xu Tui’s mental awls more than a dozen times, he had not suffered any serious backlash. It was just a scratch on his fist.

On the contrary, Xu Tui no longer had the composure he had when he fought the top three students.

Xu Tui did not move an inch when he was fighting Wang Zixuan and the other two. However, now, Xu Tui was forced to continuously back down by Li Cheng.

Borrowing his powerful mental senses and reflexes, Xu Tui was able to accurately dodge a portion of Li Cheng’s attacks even though he was physically weaker than him.

Xu Tui did this because he realized that continuously placing mental awls consumed his mind power very quickly. Even though he could call for a halt when he ran out of mind power, he did not want to easily admit defeat, be it for the purpose of the battle or because of his youthful instincts.

It could be said that Li Cheng gave Xu Tui a lot of pressure.

Li Cheng was really powerful. However, he was also frowning. He had taken advantage of the situation today. He attacked agilely for several minutes, but he still could not touch the corner of Xu Tui’s shirt.

“Isn’t the speed of his reflexes a little too fast? I also have a reaction speed of 120 milliseconds. Why is his reaction so fast and accurate? that he didn’t make a single mistake?”

Li Cheng was very shocked.

In reality, Li Cheng did not know that the reason Xu Tui did not make a mistake was that his powerful reflexes were complemented by his mental senses. Without mental senses, Xu Tui would have made many mistakes, no matter how fast his reflexes were.

A fast reaction did not mean that an individual could make the right choice.

However, with the observations he obtained through his mental senses, Xu Tui could make the right choice to a large extent.

After failing to capture the target after a long time, Li Cheng became a little anxious. He understood that the activation of a Mystery Branch’s Mystery Branch ability was supported by his mind power. He would have won if Xu Tui had used up all of his mind power.

However, that was not the outcome he wanted. What he wanted was a battle, not a victory where he exhausted his opponent’s mind power.

The student’s mind power would double in the next month and a half. However, his stamina would never double.

Suddenly, Li Cheng bowed slightly. He looked like a monkey. A few popping sounds suddenly rang out from within Li Cheng’s body. It was also at this moment that Li Cheng unleashed his power. He rose into the air and kicked toward Xu Tui with all four of his limbs.

In that instant, Li Cheng’s actions resembled the iconic actions of an Australian kangaroo. First, he kicked Xu Tui’s chest without holding back.

In a flash, two mental awls were placed in place.

Xu Tui would have a chance to counterattack and injure himself as long as Li Cheng unleashed his full strength. However, almost immediately, his gaze froze.

Xu Tui’s mental awl shattered before Li Cheng’s legs could reach it.

A term flashed past Xu Tui’s mind—force field.

Genetic Ability Field!

At almost the same time, Li Cheng’s legs stomped on Xu Tui’s mental awl without touching it. He then stomped his feet fiercely onto Xu Tui’s chest.

Li Cheng, Wang Zixuan, and the rest of the students had looks of anticipation on their faces. They had finally been able to torture Xu Tui after he had tortured them three times in a row.

However, in the next instant, Li Cheng’s expression changed. The kicks had not even landed on Xu Tui’s chest when they let out a dull thud.

There was also a layer of mental awl.

No. This was not a mental awl. It looked a little like a shield.

A mental shield.

It instantly negated most of the force behind Li Cheng’s kick. However, Li Cheng did not show any signs of being discouraged. Instead, his eyes shone.

Borrowing the recoil from the invisible mental shield, Li Cheng rapidly pulled his legs back. He shifted his body from backward to forward. His arms pierced through the air, just like a mallet, as he swung them toward Xu Tui’s face.

This move was one of Li Cheng’s killer moves. He had just activated the Genetic Ability Chain that he had been training in. This was the first time he was displaying this move in front of someone.

Li Cheng was very confident in this move. That was because this move of his had condensed a genetic ability field. That was also the main reason he dared to go head-on against Xu Tui’s mental awl. He did not believe that Xu Tui could consecutively launch more than two mental attacks in such a short time with such a tight chain of attacks. His mallet also had a genetic ability field.

Based on the attacks just now, the genetic ability field could instantly crush one of Xu Tui’s mental awls. Xu Tui would have to use at least two mental awls to block an arm mallet.

However, he has used both arms now and they landed at different locations.

Xu Tui would have to set up at least four mental awls or mental shields.

Li Cheng did not believe that Xu Tui could instantly place four mental awls within a few milliseconds. He would not have lost in vain if Xu Tui could really do it.

Xu Tui could not do it.

Over the past few days, Xu Tui had started training in the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, Version 4.9. He had also activated three genetic base points.

Every time he activated a genetic base point in the second level, his mind power would experience an obvious increase.

Currently, placing three mental awls in an instant was Xu Tui’s limit. He could not place four. Thus, he no longer had any defenses.

It was a simple punch.

Xu Tui punched toward Li Cheng’s face.

After all, after Li Cheng, who was leaping in the air, tilted his body forward, his head could not be any closer to Xu Tui. He could slap him in the face.

Li Cheng was not anxious at all when he saw that Xu Tui had turned his defense into an attack. He was very confident that he could knock Xu Tui down with his mallet and obtain victory.

However, all of Li Cheng’s confidence vanished under the intense pain in his nose and face.

When Xu Tui’s fist was 10 centimeters away from Li Cheng’s face, Li Cheng’s face suddenly became a little contorted. Blood gushed out of his nose.

At this moment, Li Cheng’s arm was less than two centimeters away from Xu Tui’s face.

These two centimeters were worlds apart.

It was the difference between victory and defeat.

Li Cheng, whose nose was bleeding profusely, fell from the air and landed on his butt.

The outcome was clear.

Xu Tui won.

Li Cheng was defeated. He even bled. Tears flowed out of his eyes and blood flowed out of his nose.

Seeing Li Cheng bleed, Wang Zixuan and the rest of the students quickly gathered around him. They gasped when they saw him. His injuries were not light. His nose had become a little snub. His nasal bone must have been fractured.

“Your nasal bone must have been fractured. Why did you have to…”

It was a female student from the Extreme Branch Institute. She might have been Li Cheng’s admirer. She became anxious when she saw that Li Cheng was injured. She glared at Xu Tui, who was unharmed.

Li Cheng, who had been hit by a mental brick, shook his head with difficulty. He quickly stopped the girl. “No… You can’t say that, help me up…”

Li Cheng stopped the bleeding after being helped up. He endured the pain and thanked Xu Tui.

“Student Xu, thank you for showing mercy.”

Wang Zixuan and the female student were all shocked. Getting his nasal bone fractured was showing mercy? How badly would Li Cheng have been injured if Xu Tui had not held back?

Furthermore, they could not see how Xu Tui was going to hold back. They did not understand either.

Rong Youyang and the rest of the students from the School of Enlightened Mind were also dumbfounded.

Not only did the class monitor win, but he also showed mercy? How pitiful would Li Cheng have been if he had not shown mercy?

“This… I’m sorry. During the battle, your head was closest to me and was a vital spot. It was the best target for me to hit. I couldn’t hold back…” Xu Tui was a little ashamed.

“It’s the same. You would definitely be in a worse state than me if I hit you with my mallet. I still have to thank you for showing mercy.” Li Cheng expressed his thanks again.

“I should. I should.”

“Brother Li, why do I not understand what you are saying?” Wang Zixuan asked with a confused expression. “You are already in such a state. How did Xu Tui hold back?”

Li Cheng rubbed his collapsed nose and gestured with one hand. “When you fought Xu Tui just now, his Mystery Branch ability should be a cone-shaped ability that can deal a lot of damage, right?”

“That’s right. Just one hit crippled half of my leg.” Wang Zixuan still felt a little scared when he mentioned that.

“That’s right. Do you see any sharp object wounds on my face? The blow that Xu Tui delivered to my face just now was a blunt attack. What if it was a sharp object? I think I’ve already been sent to the emergency center for emergency treatment.”

The students who had been fighting Xu Tui just now finally understood. The other students were still a little confused. They did not understand what was going on.

Wang Zixuan quickly explained the situation.

To put it simply, Xu Tui’s punch that had been aimed at Li Cheng had hit him from 10 centimeters away. He must have been enhanced with a Mystery Branch ability to have such a strange effect.

Xu Tui must have added a mental brick.

It took the brick smashing into Li Cheng’s face to fracture his nose bone and cause it to cave in. However, there was a problem. What if Xu Tui swapped the mental brick that was attached to his fist for the powerful destructive mental awl from before?

It would not have resulted in a fractured nasal bone.

Li Cheng might have his head pierced in the face by a mental awl or be sent to the emergency center for emergency treatment.

The students from the Extreme Branch were extremely shocked when they heard Wang Zixuan’s explanation.

If Xu Tui’s punch had been made out of a mental awl, it would have pierced Li Cheng’s face. That feeling was painful just thinking about it.

“I’ll tend to my injuries first. My nasal bone is slightly fractured. It’s not heavy. I’ll be fine in a few days.” Li Cheng’s nose was bleeding profusely. He was about to leave.

However, he did not forget to remind Xu Tui before he left.

“We’ll meet again in two to three weeks. How about that?” Li Cheng’s bloody face was filled with anticipation. He had gained too much from his battle with Xu Tui today.

“Alright. Let’s meet again then.”

Xu Tui quickly agreed to the request. Just based on how carefree Li Cheng was, he could get a free battle later.

“Oh, yes, what you used just now was the genetic ability field brought about by the special genetic ability chain?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Yes.”

Li Cheng nodded. “I activated Genetic Base Points relating to this when I was administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir. I’ve spent most of the month and a half since the school opened on this topic. You can consider this as my trump card in the Longhu List. I didn’t expect to lose to you first. I’m going for my treatment first. Let’s meet again next time.”

“Alright.”

Li Cheng and the rest of the Extreme Branch students left in a hurry. However, Xu Tui was deep in thought. He did not expect to witness the genetic ability field described in the book so soon.