Chapter 88 - The Truth About The Incubation Chamber (1)

Chapter 88: The Truth About the Incubation Chamber (1)

Xu Tui immediately stopped and turned around when he saw that the machine An Xiaoxue was using was a medical robot. He immediately rushed into a sanitizing tunnel not far away from him. After he was sanitized, he put on his sterile cap and large white robe before returning to Function Room Number 5.

“Miss An, what do you need me to do?”

An Xiaoxue’s forehead was covered in sweat. She looked extremely tired the moment she opened her mouth.

...

“Energy Restoration Elixir, inject me with a Level D Compound Chain Energy Restoration Elixir first. Then I need to consume two bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs.

“And get two bottles of complex growth hormone. I’ll need to be administered with it once, and administer it again after the operation.”

An Xiaoxue bit her lips and said, “Find me another painkiller. The dosage of the anesthetic I set is too small. It’s a little… painful.

“Lastly, one more… bring me something to eat.”

“Alright.”

Xu Tui did not hesitate. He understood everything An Xiaoxue had said. He did not understand why An Xiaoxue’s finger would be broken when she was out on a mission.

Why were there two blackened fingers that looked like they had been freshly cut in the trash can? Where did the finger used by the medical robot that was connecting An Xiaoxue’s severed finger come from?

However, this was not the time to ask questions like that.

The medical cabinet was a biological code that could only be opened with An Xiaoxue’s biological information. However, Xu Tui opened the medical cabinet with just a press of his finger. When he saw the expensive energy restoration elixirs and medical elixirs on display, Xu Tui’s first reaction was, ‘When did An Xiaoxue input his biological information?’

His second reaction was that An Xiaoxue trusted him that much.

After finding the corresponding elixirs and taking out the medical equipment, Xu Tui first took out a painkiller.

“Miss An, take the painkiller first.”

“I’ll do it myself.”

It was only now that Xu Tui noticed that An Xiaoxue’s right hand was also injured. Her entire palm was bruised and swollen. There were also burn marks on her palm. There was even a puncture wound on her palm.

What kind of mission did she go on?

Xu Tui suddenly felt a little sorry for An Xiaoxue.

Before this, An Xiaoxue’s slender fingers had looked like spring onions. They looked appetizing under the sunlight. At this moment, one of her hands was covered in bruises and wounds, while three of her fingers had been severed from her other hand.

This was simply…

She raised her right hand with difficulty. As her fingers were swollen, An Xiaoxue could not quickly pick up the pills. She broke out in a cold sweat just trying it once. It should be painful.

“Open your mouth.”

Xu Tui gave a direct order.

An Xiaoxue froze, then cooperated with Xu Tui.

“Drink some water. Alright, it’ll take effect in a minute. I’ll inject you with a Level D Energy Restoration Elixir now.”

Xu Tui knew very well why An Xiaoxue only used a small amount of anesthetic when she was being treated with the medical robot, and she would only consume painkillers when it was so painful. He had just learned about this in his previous theory class.

If an individual was administered with a large amount of anesthetic, it would affect their reaction speed. It might even leave a permanent effect.

He looked at the back of An Xiaoxue’s hand. As it was swollen, he could no longer find any veins.

Xu Tui found a pair of scissors and cut off half of An Xiaoxue’s sleeve. He found a vein at the side of her snow-white arm and immediately released his mental senses. He found the vein and stabbed her with the needle.

An Xiaoxue felt a little uncomfortable and resistant the moment his mental senses were released. However, she did not say anything in the end.

An Xiaoxue’s condition improved greatly after she was administered with the complex growth hormone and administered with the Level E Energy Restoration Elixir along with the effects of the painkillers.

However, cold sweat still formed on her forehead.

“I’ll wipe off your sweat, then prepare something for you to eat.”

An Xiaoxue wanted to refuse him. However, the sweat on her forehead had almost soaked into her eyes. She felt extremely uncomfortable. She could only close her eyes and allow Xu Tui to wipe off the sweat on her forehead.

Seeing that An Xiaoxue’s face and neck were also covered in cold sweat, Xu Tui decided to make a decision. He immediately wiped off the sweat on An Xiaoxue’s face and neck.

An Xiaoxue’s long eyelashes trembled when he was wiping the sweat off her neck.

“I’ll get you something to eat.”

The operation of reconnecting severed fingers was a highly complicated operation even in the Great Genetic Age.

A hundred years ago, only famous people from major hospitals could complete such a surgery. Furthermore, the recovery rate of most of the fingers was between 70% to 90%. What they regained were the basic functions of their fingers.

However, the surgical accuracy of the medical robot at Institute 14 was nano-grade. Theoretically, a severed finger could recover 100% of its functions after it was replanted.

However, it also required time. It took nearly 40 minutes for a finger to complete all of the connections. It took at least three hours for three fingers.

The Energy Restoration Elixir alone was not enough.

The Energy Restoration Elixir was only suitable for replenishing energy quickly within a short time. It could not alleviate the various bodily reactions that hunger brought about.

Xu Tui rummaged through the fridge and became a little anxious. He had cleared out all of the vegetables and fruits she had previously. He had not replenished those either. The nearest supermarket would probably take more than an hour.

Students from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College did not have to buy their own groceries.

Fortunately, there were also eggs in the fridge. These things had a long shelf life. He rummaged through the drawers and found a few packets of instant noodles.

Xu Tui started to push his culinary skills to their limits.

The instant noodles tasted just right even after a minute of boiling water. He added only half of the sauce to the noodles as the sauce had a heavy flavor. He fried two eggs and placed them on top of the noodles.

He looked left and right and felt that it was lacking something. The color was lacking.

Coincidentally, there was a basin peppermint in the room.

Xu Tui plucked out three leaves, boiled them, and placed them on top of the instant noodles. The instant noodles were the color of red soup, the eggs were golden and white, and the leaves were crisp green.

It was full of colors, scents, and taste.

Xu Tui’s appetite grew when he saw this. He quickly carried it over.

Even An Xiaoxue could not help but swallow her saliva when she saw the three patches of fresh green. However, she could not take action even when she saw how delicious the food was. Even taking the pills had taken a toll on her just now, much less eating.

“Miss An, do you want me to feed you?”

An Xiaoxue did not speak, but she did not refuse.

Xu Tui would be a fool if he did not understand what was going on now.

Girls were more sensitive.

He took out a small dish and scooped out a little each time. He then fed An Xiaoxue.

After swallowing half a bowl of noodles, An Xiaoxue’s pale face finally looked a little livelier.

“Where did you get these green vegetables? Do you have any more? I want to eat some more.” An Xiaoxue suddenly spoke halfway through her meal.

She was clearly a herbivore who loved to eat leafy greens.

“There’s more.”

Xu Tui returned to the room and removed all of the leaves from the basin of peppermint. He then boiled the mint, added a little soy sauce, then added a little sugar, a little vinegar, and a little sesame oil.

Beautiful! A small plate of crunchy green salad was prepared.

Xu Tui had seen Xu Jianguo cook this before. It was delicious and refreshing. He had succeeded on the first try.

An Xiaoxue, who was resting her left hand on the table of the medical robot, did not stop eating until the dish was gone.

Of course, the dish itself was not large.

An Xiaoxue finished the last mouthful of soup before she heaved a sigh of relief. “The feeling of eating… is great.”

“Miss An, have you not eaten anything these few days?”

“I’ve been drinking the Energy Restoration Elixir for five days straight. I only eat a few compressed biscuits occasionally.” An Xiaoxue finally had the strength to speak after she was full.

“Miss An, what did you do these few days? Why are you so severely injured and living such a miserable life?” Xu Tui finally had a chance to ask his doubts.

“Clean up first. You’ll know what I did later.” An Xiaoxue pointed toward the blood on the ground and the broken limbs of the trash can.

“Alright.”

After cleaning up the trash, Xu Tui realized that there was only two severed fingers in it. The two severed fingers were made up of fresh cuts, but the little finger was not cut off. However, there was still a small piece of bone. One side was a charred wound, while the other was a fresh incision.

Xu Tui thought for a moment before he understood. The original little finger had long been severed. The wound had also become necrotic. An Xiaoxue had cut herself in order to reconnect the new finger.

All of this made Xu Tui wonder if An Xiaoxue had really gone to the intergalactic battlefield. Shouldn’t she treat her injuries before returning to the extraterrestrial battlefield? The medical technology in an intergalactic battlefield hospital should be very powerful.

It was only when he was cleaning up the medical waste that Xu Tui noticed that there was a tall incubator standing on an operating table in Room 5.

Previously, Xu Tui had been very confused as to what was in the incubation chamber that even his mind power could not enter.

At this moment, the incubation chamber had already been opened.

Xu Tui screamed in shock the moment he saw the situation inside clearly.

Inside the half-opened incubator stood another person… An Xiaoxue!

An Xiaoxue was standing in the incubator. She did not even have her left hand. There was also a dismembered left hand with three cut-off fingers on the console beside him.

Xu Tui instantly understood where the three fingers that the medical robot had attached to An Xiaoxue came from. He suddenly understood that An Xiaoxue had sent him a message just now because she urgently needed his help. He could imagine how much effort it took for An Xiaoxue, who had injured both her hands, to push the incubation chamber here and cut the limbs.

It was no wonder there were so many bloodstains in the tunnel.

At that instant, Xu Tui felt a little heartache and regret. He should have set An Xiaoxue as a Star Indicator Friend.

“Don’t look around. Come over. It’s just a medical clone. What’s the big deal?”

An Xiaoxue, who knew what had happened, was a little angry.

Xu Tui swept his gaze past An Xiaoxue, who had lost her arm in the incubator. He had a strange, indescribable feeling in that instant.

There were two An Xiaoxues. However, he only needed to glance at her to know which An Xiaoxue was real.

An Xiaoxue, who was in the incubator, was also alive. She was still breathing.

However, Xu Tui could tell that An Xiaoxue in the incubator was not the real An Xiaoxue. She was like an object.

“Why, you must be scared. Weren’t you very curious about what was in the incubation chamber just now?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“Miss An, are the incubators in the blue-tagged rooms made up of these kinds of medical clones?” Xu Tui asked.

“They are all clones, but not all of them are used for medical purposes,” An Xiaoxue answered.

“What use does it have?”

“Research… Do research!”

“Do they all belong to you alone?”

“No, there are others.”

“Do the others belong to your teacher?” Xu Tui asked, having a guess.

“Some of them belong to my teacher, but some of them belong to you.”

An Xiaoxue’s answer shocked Xu Tui.

“Miss An, there’s also my clone body. When did you get this for me? Why did you get me a clone body?” Xu Tui was very shocked.

“A tube of blood, a few strands of hair, and a few dander would be enough to obtain all of your genetic information. I got them all the day you got your pass. As for what I want to do, you’ll know immediately.”

An Xiaoxue looked up at the time after she said this.

“There are still 12 hours in effect. That’s more than enough time. However, I have to hurry. Now, head over to the 40 incubators in Research Room Number Five that have blue tags. After you extract the cultivation fluid, push them all into this hall. Get ready for your experiment.”