Chapter 89 - Genetic Miracles (1)

Chapter 89: Genetic Miracles (1)

To tell the truth, Xu Tui had emptied 40 incubation chambers and pushed them to Research Hall Number 5. Even though there were pulleys underneath the chambers, it was still physically taxing work.

Xu Tui had wanted to be more violent. However, he became exceptionally careful when he thought about the fact that the clone in the chamber might be his. It’s just that this feeling felt extremely awkward.

“Would it be extremely terrifying if I were to stand beside 40 of myself later?”

...

An image flashed past Xu Tui’s mind. He could not help but shiver.

After Xu Tui moved the incubation chamber, An Xiaoxue managed to reconnect all of the nerves and blood vessels in her severed fingers. They were now at the finishing touches.

“Use the control panel over there to sanitize first. There’s a hidden safe at the back of the control panel. Use your biological password to unlock it.

“Check through the special elixirs from Number 1 to Number 43 one by one. Tell me if the capacity of any elixir is less than two milliliters.”

An Xiaoxue continued to instruct Xu Tui.

These things were not difficult. They were done in no time.

However, Xu Tui was a little curious about what exactly was going on with his clone body. He glanced toward the incubation chamber from time to time. It had only been a month, could the clone look exactly like him? Wasn’t it too fast if that was the case?

“There’s a liquid nitrogen storage box over there. Bring it over. Put it on the workbench after you’re sanitized.”

“Alright.”

After he was done, Xu Tui silently waited for An Xiaoxue’s instructions.

“This is my identity card. There is an eye-catching red button at the center of the tunnel leading to Institute 14. Use my identity card first, then press on it.”

Xu Tui wanted to know the consequences of pressing the button, but he did not say anything.

However, An Xiaoxue took the initiative to explain.

“That is an emergency button for emergency situations.

“After the button was pressed, the entire Research Institute Number 14 would enter a completely sealed-off state. Even the air would undergo an internal cycle and be oxygenated.

“You can say that even a nuclear attack would not be able to affect this area,” An Xiaoxue explained.

Xu Tui got a shock. He became more curious when he heard how serious it was. Just what were they trying to do?

Xu Tui pressed on the red button and returned to the research hall. An Xiaoxue was receiving a call from the military security department for verification.

“Vice-Chairman An, does the Institute of Research Number 14 need help? Is it in a state of disaster?”

“Thank you. Everything is normal. There’s no need.”

An Xiaoxue hung up the phone.

Xu Tui waited expectantly for An Xiaoxue to get him to open the incubation chamber.

However, An Xiaoxue pointed to a chair and said, “Sit.”

“Do you want to open the incubation chamber? Do you want to know what’s in the liquid nitrogen box? Do you want to know what experiment you’re going to do?”

An Xiaoxue asked three consecutive questions.

“Yes!” Xu Tui nodded honestly.

An Xiaoxue nodded. “I also want to complete these immediately. I am a little tired. However, there is a necessary procedure that I have to go through.

“The conversation we are about to have is very important. Every decision you make might affect your future. I hope that you will listen carefully and consider my words before giving me an answer. Because you can’t take back your words once you give an answer.”

“I understand.”

“Alright!”

“First, let us explain the incubation chamber to you. There are 40 of your clones in this hall. Other than being able to act as a medical clone during emergencies, these 40 clones can perfectly solve the problem of your severed limbs.

“Furthermore, because it is a clone, it has no effect on your training or the genetic base points you have activated. Of course, a person would have to create a new clone body if their abilities had been greatly enhanced or if their genes had mutated.

“You can regard it as a medical backup,” An Xiaoxue suggested.

“I understand.”

At that instant, Xu Tui could not help but think about Deng Wei. Deng Wei’s knee joint had become useless because of the pearl powder.

However, in order to not affect the activation of his genetic base points, Deng Wei did not switch to an artificial knee joint.

If the same thing happened to Xu Tui, he could perfectly solve the problem by performing a knee transplant.

That was where the problem was. Why did the school’s emergency center not provide Deng Wei with this medical plan? Why didn’t they nurture a medical clone and perform a knee transplant on Deng Wei?

An Xiaoxue seemed to be able to read Xu Tui’s thoughts. “That’s not feasible.”

“Is it extremely expensive?”

“The cost of nurturing a cloned body is not large. It would only cost a few thousand dollars a month. But the key was, the price for the entire set of cloning equipment and technology are astronomical.

“In reality, they would not be able to purchase such a sophisticated cloning device even if they had the money. There were not more than 10 cloning devices of this level in the world.

“There are a total of four sets in the Huaya Sector, two in the Huaxia Sector, and one of them is with us,” An Xiaoxue explained.

Xu Tui was shocked when he heard this.

There were only 10 sets in the world, two in the Huaxia Sector, and one here. That was simply too much. Was the Research Institute Number 14 that great?

“Don’t be suspicious, and don’t be surprised. This is something that the founder of the Research Institute Number 14 exchanged for with a price that is several times the price of this set of equipment.

“You can basically say that the treatment you will receive is unique to the entire Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Also, the treatment you are going to receive is extremely rare and precious in the entire Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, even the Blue Star.”