Chapter 81 - Did The Professor Hold Back Or Something?

Chapter 81: Did the Professor Hold Back Or Something?

This was the first time that the students had administered an injection to themselves, especially female students.

Subcutaneous injections were very simple. However, not many people would have the courage to inject themselves on their first try. Inevitably, there were several strange sounds during the injection. It caused many male students to swoon.

Xu Tui’s courage was commendable. He stabbed the needle diagonally into his arm and finished injecting it in a second.

...

Three minutes after the meditation. A strange feeling suddenly welled up within him. It felt as though the pace of the world had increased.

Ding! Ding! Ding! It became ding ding ding ding. However, the second hand on the electronic screen in front of him did not change. He felt an inexplicable sense of anxiety.

It seemed as though the sounds of the students being administered with elixirs had startled Xu Tui.

“It’s working.”

Xu Tui pressed on the button for the high-frequency sensory laser. Instantly, the laser holes in the matrix above his head lit up with red light.

Xu Tui immediately felt different when the laser beam shone toward him. He seemed to be more at ease and had faster reactions. Or perhaps, he felt that the speed of the lasers had decreased.

Of course, Xu Tui knew that all of this was a facade. The reality was that the Nerve Acceleration Elixir increased the sensitivity of the nerves and indirectly increased the speed of the reflexes. His reflexes were indeed fast.

After the first round of three-minute training, the super processor of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College reported a neural speed of 173 milliseconds. It was 7 milliseconds faster than before.

In reality, this was not because Xu Tui’s reflexes had increased. It was the effects of the elixir.

“All of our training refers specifically to extreme training. In this era of genetic evolution, daily training can improve one’s abilities, but it is very difficult to activate genetic base points. You can only activate Genetic Base Points during extreme training.”

Seeing that his students had started their training, Professor Luo Shifeng, who was already sitting there and sipping on his red date swill, slowly started to give them general guidance.

“The so-called extreme training is constant training. You have to reach a limit of fatigue that you cannot tolerate. These limits included your nerves, stamina, and even your mind power. Only then could you activate genetic base points. That was the general direction that everyone agreed on.

“Both the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch would follow this general direction during training. Of course, you have to pay attention to protecting yourself during extreme training. The so-called extreme training allowed a person to feel the limits and try their best to force out their potential.

“But you should not cause yourself to break down during training and cause irreversible damage. So, hold back when you feel your limits.

“Hey, you there, you there. You’re the girl from unit 1301. If you can’t stick this needle in, go get yourself a box of needles. Come back after you’ve stabbed yourself a hundred times. You’re still crying? If you want to cry, get out. I don’t want to say the word ‘scram’.”

Even though all of the students in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were geniuses, they all had strange personalities.

For example, a girl who did not dare to inject herself would be deemed as weak.

Xu Tui looked down on the male students around the girl. They should have just stabbed her with the needle. She did not even have the time to cry before it was over. Then the teacher would not have told her anymore.

Fine. He was far away. He should mind his own business. He had to train himself quickly. After all, the most effective time for the Nerve Acceleration Elixir was these three hours. He could not waste it.

Of course, Xu Tui knew that if he followed Professor Luo’s instructions and trained his reflexes to the limit, he might be able to activate relevant Genetic Base Points.

Did that mean that it would be easier to find the genetic base points that were related to the reaction speed of a person’s nerves when they reached their limits? Would Xu Tui be able to find these Genetic Base Points in his illusory introspective state?

With this thought in mind, Xu Tui did not immediately enter the illusory introspective state. An illusory introspection was not omnipotent.

Xu Tui had to push himself to his limits if he wanted to find Genetic Base Points related to his reflexes. So, he activated the lasers without any breaks and continued with his reflexes training.

A strange feeling of fatigue gradually welled up within him. Unlike the fatigue of his mind power and stamina, this fatigue was completely different. It was very slight. However, it also existed.

“How can you judge that your reflexes are nearing their limits?” Professor Luo’s voice rang out again after he refilled his glass.

“It’s actually very simple. The Reflex Nerve has a physical existence. It will also get tired. After you train for more than an hour, the speed of your reflexes would decrease drastically compared to the reaction speed of your first test.

“For example, the reaction speed that you were tested for was 200 milliseconds, but it has now become 210 milliseconds. That means that you are already approaching your limits.

“Yes, continue training. Don’t stop.

“Persistent training under such a situation is most likely to activate Genetic Base Points relating to the speed of your reflexes.”

After he said his piece, Professor Luo Shifeng took a sip of tea and thought,

‘As if!’

Would he dare to take out three bottles of Level E energy restoration elixirs as a reward if it was that easy to activate Genetic Base Points relating to the speed of reflexes?

He had to attend three such classes a week. He took them out every time. He would have gone bankrupt long ago if a student could really take away his reward. It was merely a way of teaching.

Many of the students under Luo Shifeng were very satisfied with their training. Many of the students had not stopped training since the start. That was his favorite type of student.

Hard work and perseverance were essential qualities for an individual to achieve something during the Genetic Evolution Era.

Professor Luo’s gaze occasionally swept past Xu Tui’s body. This student had been persisting in his training and was very hardworking. He could be considered as a good seedling. However, just as his gaze swept past him, Professor Luo’s gaze changed.

Xu Tui, who had just finished his training, did not continue training. Instead, he sat down to rest. He immediately gave Xu Tui a big red cross in his heart.

This student had no willpower. Out! He then turned his attention to the other students.

Xu Tui, who was sitting in his seat, did not lack willpower. The strange feeling of fatigue became stronger. He felt that he was about to reach his limits. Thus, he took advantage of his rest to sit on the ground and enter the illusory introspective state.

At first glance, Xu Tui had activated 49 flickering white genetic base points. However, he did not find any Genetic Base Points relating to the speed of reflexes in his body after he scanned the area.

Xu Tui furrowed his brows.

Could it be that I have not reached my limits?

Xu Tui stood up and went through three rounds of training. He then sat down to rest. This time, he observed the situation even more closely. He finally had a reaction.

There were nine gray spots in different locations within his body. They were different from the other unactivated Genetic Base Points.

First, white light flowed into the nine inactivated Genetic Base Points. This was extremely rare in Xu Tui’s illusory introspection.

Secondly, if he observed these nine genetic base points closely, he would notice that they were fluctuating slightly compared to the other gray, inactivated genetic base points.

The fluctuation was very slight. However, under illusory introspection, Xu Tui’s senses were the most realistic feedback from his body. It was extremely accurate.

“That should be the nine Genetic Base Points. I should confirm it again.”

After four more rounds of training, Xu Tui confirmed that it was these nine Genetic Base Points. However, there was a problem. Which one should he activate first?

During the training of mind power, the sequence of activation of the first and second levels of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique was very important. The sequence of which genetic base points to activate first and which one later must not be wrong.

The sequence of activation in the superb-type training method that Wen Shao had given Xu Tui was also very important.

What about his reflexes? Did he have that problem?

Xu Tui pressed on the bell after he thought about it.

Luo Shifeng arrived in front of Xu Tui a few seconds later.

Luo Shifeng no longer had a good impression of this student who he thought had no willpower.

“Professor Luo, I wish to ask you a question. Do Genetic Base Points that affect the speed of a person’s reflexes be activated at will or in an orderly manner? Many of the training methods in the Mystery Branch have a sequence requirement,” Xu Tui clarified.

Luo Shifeng looked at Xu Tui and thought,

You are overthinking it. You want to activate a reflexes-type Genetic Base Point during your first lesson? Aren’t you dreaming?

However, Luo Shifeng did not say it out loud. It would affect the enthusiasm of the other students if he did.

“There is no order to the activation of Genetic Base Points relating to the speed of a person’s reflexes. Currently, seven Genetic Base Points are directly related to the speed of a person’s reflexes.

“These seven points were not closely related to each other, so there was no need to be too particular about order. No matter who it is, being able to activate an additional reflexes-type Genetic Base Point is something worth celebrating and praising,” Luo Shifeng said.

“Seven?”

This number startled Xu Tui. He felt that there were nine of them. However, Professor Luo said that there were seven of them. Was there a mistake with his senses? Or was Professor Luo holding back or something else?

However, if that was the case, Xu Tui would not dare to activate the ability at will, even though Professor Luo did not specify the sequence. But what if he made a mistake?

“Do you have any other questions?” Professor Luo asked.

He thought for a moment, then asked, “Professor Luo, where do reflexes-type Genetic Base Points usually reside?”

The nine reflexes-type Genetic Base Points that Xu Tui sensed were all distributed differently. He wanted to use this opportunity to determine which one he should activate.

Professor Luo was getting a little impatient. This was especially so since Xu Tui was asking a pointless question. What was the point of knowing the location? Knowing the approximate location of the reflexes-type Genetic Base Points had no effect on activating them.

However, as a teacher, Professor Luo still patiently gave Xu Tui a general explanation.

“Of the seven known reflexes-type Genetic Base Points, four are distributed along the spine. Two are at the head, and one at the chest.”

Professor Luo did not forget to remind Xu Tui after he finished speaking, “There’s no point in paying attention to these locations. You should focus on training and improving yourself during the period when the elixirs are at their strongest. Remember, perseverance and endurance are extremely important.”

Professor Luo Shifeng turned to leave after he said his piece. His impression on Xu Tui had reached an ordinary level.

“Thank you, Teacher.”

Xu Tui could not describe the surprise in his heart after he expressed his thanks. Indeed, many of the seemingly difficult problems could be solved with the guidance of an incredible professor.

Xu Tui sensed nine Genetic Base Points relating to reflexes. Four of them were at his spine, one at his chest, and four at his head. The unconfirmed information was mainly gathered at the head. He could also confirm the reflexes-type Genetic Base Points in his spine and chest.

Then, Xu Tui would mainly target the five reflexes-type Genetic Base Points that were scattered across his spine and chest.

With that thought, Xu Tui sat down to rest again. At the same time, he consumed 10 Level F Energy Restoration Pills at one go. He did not bring any Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs with him today. All he had were pills.

Almost instantly, Xu Tui started to activate a reflexes-type Genetic Base Point at his spine.

Professor Luo Shifeng, who had just returned to the podium, could not help but shake his head when he saw Xu Tui sitting down to rest. He had already reminded him, but he had not reacted or corrected his mistakes.

Unknowingly, his impression of Xu Tui had dropped by another level.