Chapter 96 - : An Xiaoxue’S Gift? (1)

Chapter 96: An Xiaoxue’s Gift? (1)

Inside Research Institute Number 14.

Xu Tui, who had just woken up, felt extremely energetic when he opened his eyes. He looked at the time. It was three in the morning. He had slept enough. He first went to the other room to look for An Xiaoxue. When he saw that An Xiaoxue was still asleep, Xu Tui returned to the room he was in and continued his training.

Xu Tui had carried An Xiaoxue to her resting room after she fainted last night. The option of being worse than a beast did not happen.

...

Xu Tui was still anxious to train. He wanted to know which ability he would obtain after he activated the two genetic base points he sensed during his illusory introspective state.

Mind Power Crowd Control? Or was it the Mental Whip?

Based on Xu Tui’s experience, the two flickering, expanding gray genetic base points must be genetic base points that had not completely mutated despite the stimulation they received after being administered with the Black-Crown Bee’s genetic transcriptional fluid.

However, it was rather difficult to activate these two genetic base points.

Xu Tui had concentrated and activated these two genetic base points yesterday. However, he did not activate these two genetic base points even after he used up all of his mind power.

It had to be known that Xu Tui’s total amount of mind power had increased by more than 25% after he was administered with the genetic transcriptional elixir of the queen bee yesterday.

Xu Tui was an experienced fighter. He was not in a hurry. He retrieved five bottles of Level E energy restoration elixirs from the medical cabinet and prepared them for later use. He would tell An Xiaoxue about it later. He tested out his mind power before he entered the meditative state.

The surging mind power gave him an indescribable sense of confidence. He gathered his focus and thought.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up.

Five!

After the enhancement of his mind power, he could now place five mental awls at once. Furthermore, compared to before, these mental awls could now move to a certain extent. It could move under the influence of his mind power. It was not fast, but it was a major improvement for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had wanted to complement the ability of the Mental Chain, but the Mental Chain could not move the mental awl, much less send it far away.

Currently, Xu Tui has not discovered a way to use his Mental Chain in battle.

Xu Tui was a little curious. What exactly was the cool skill that An Xiaoxue mentioned about the mind power chain?

After consuming a Level E Energy Restoration Elixir, Xu Tui inhaled through his nose and exhaled through his mouth. He entered the illusory introspection and continued to attack the two genetic base points.

Two and a half hours later, Xu Tui, who had consumed five bottles of Level E energy restoration elixirs, had a look of shock.

He trained for three hours yesterday.

The energy supply he got yesterday night was supplied by the Level D Compound Chain Energy Restoration Elixir. Three hours, coupled with the purity of the Level D Compound Chain Energy, was equivalent to eight to nine bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs.

He had consumed 11 bottles, yet he did not even activate one.

This was the most difficult Genetic Base Point Xu Tui had ever activated.

Seeing that An Xiaoxue was still sleeping, Xu Tui immediately entered a meditative state and set an alarm as he felt that his mind power was about to run out. He would recover a portion of his mind power after sleeping for three hours, then train for two more hours.

This was the first time Xu Tui had engaged in mechanical training.

During the second round, Xu Tui activated one of the two genetic base points he had been focusing on.

This Genetic Base Point was a dull silver color the moment it was activated.

Xu Tui had a thought. He was not anxious. He continued to train. Not long after he consumed his 13th bottle of Level E energy restoration elixir, he felt a piercing pain between his brows. He had activated another genetic base point.

It was also a dull silver.

An indescribable feeling welled up in his heart the moment he activated both of his Genetic Base Points. Within the radius of his mental senses, his mind power could instantly condense into a unique mental whip.

Invisible and substanceless, but those abilities were real in Xu Tui’s mental senses. He lashed out with his mind power.

Xu Tui understood that he had obtained this ability after he activated the two faint silver Genetic Base Points.

He would not be able to obtain the ability to whip people with his mind power if he only activated these two genetic base points. However, these two genetic base points were definitely the key to his ability to whip people with mind power.

Xu Tui suddenly felt someone in front of him the moment he released his mental senses. He opened his eyes to see An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue, who had slept for a long time, must have recovered. She had even taken a shower. She was glowing and had a youthful aura. Her long legs looked soul-stirring as she stood in front of Xu Tui.

“Miss An, you’re awake?”

“It’s already three in the afternoon. I should have slept at nine last night. I’ve slept for 17 hours.” An Xiaoxue glanced at Xu Tui after she said her piece. “Were you the one who carried me onto the bed last night?”

Xu Tui nodded gently.

“He looked at you for at least 30 seconds after he carried you onto the bed before leaving. His heartbeat should have increased when he carried you…”

“Ah Huang, you bastard. Shut up.”

The voice of the advanced artificial intelligence, Ah Huang, instantly vanished. Xu Tui’s Level 1 rights were not given to him for nothing.

“Thank you.” An Xiaoxue muttered softly.

“Miss An, I think I activated the ability to whip people with my mind power.”

“What?” An Xiaoxue’s almond-shaped eyes widened. “Did I hear wrongly? Which means to say that you activated three abilities after being administered with the genetic transcriptional fluid of the Black-Crown Queen Bee?”

“I think so.” Xu Tui nodded.