Chapter 704 - 704 The Return Of Itavi (1)

704 The Return of Itavi (1)

At the command center of the Moon and India Sector’s integrated base.

The Planetary realm powerhouse, Itavi, was so anxious that his eyes were slightly bloodshot.

Listening to Nilab’s urgent contact with relevant officials at all levels in the states of Odisha and West Bengal, Itavi wished he could return to the Blue Star now and strangle all of these incompetent and inefficient officials!

At least there were some responsible officials who asked why they were implementing the emergency military blockade. Most of the others were either excuses or could not be contacted for a long time.

!!

Implement an emergency military blockade? No! It would cause unrest and accountability.

Accountability my ass! If he were on the Blue Star now, he would have crushed all these officials immediately. Even if he was the deputy director of the Genetic Committee, Nilab, and he, Itavi, was the guarantor, it would not do!@@novelbin@@

They could not casually use the army to maintain the blockade. If they really wanted to carry out such a military operation, they had to obtain the approval of the India Genetic Committee. They had to go through the procedure.

Procedure your ancestors! Itavi could tell that all the officials only had one fundamental problem—they were afraid of taking responsibility.

The Minister of Security was rather responsible. He could mobilize the special forces of the Ministry of Security first. However, if he wanted to seal off the full scope of the two states, he had to confirm the situation of the Konarak Sun Temple.

Of course, it was not without progress.

For example, the military reconnaissance satellites, the nearby Aerospace Phase Formation Alert Radar, and the largest and most advanced Aerospace Quantum Formation Control Radar in the India Sector had also been activated at full power. They were shining at the surroundings of the Konarak Sun Temple to search for suspicious targets.

However, there was still no news of the military sealing off these two states.

Suddenly, the corner of Itavi’s mouth twitched. The aura around him swayed, and all the office equipment within a three-meter radius of him exploded into dust.

The aura of that treasure had disappeared! It had completely disappeared! Even if the mind power he had left behind was destroyed, there was still a mental mark that he had deliberately hidden in that treasure. It was difficult to discover.

But now, the mental mark has disappeared. This meant that the enemy had completely succeeded.

On their side, there was not much progress. The special forces of the security department had already set off, but it would still take some time to rush over. The Aerospace Phase Formation Alert Radar and the Aerospace Quantum Formation Control Radar had all been shone on, including the military reconnaissance satellites.

But what was worse was that there was torrential rain around the Konarak Sun Temple. It had interfered to a certain extent with the Aerospace Phase Formation Alert Radar and the Aerospace Quantum Formation Control Radar. It had also greatly affected the military reconnaissance satellites that Itavi had high hopes for.

With the accuracy of the current military reconnaissance satellites, if they operated at full strength, they could even find a rat on the ground. However, the night and the heavy rain caused the image of the military satellite to be interfered with to the greatest extent.

Itavi’s heart was bleeding! Other than him, no one knew how important the tricolor octagon body was! The energy accumulated there had been there for many years. It would not be a problem to accumulate another planetary-level powerhouse in a year or two.

In his plan, the energy there might be able to help him break through his current bottleneck in a few years. At that time, even if he could not break through to the next realm, he would definitely become the number one Planetary realm powerhouse.

Using his status as the number one planetary powerhouse to suppress the Extra-terrestrial, the India Sector could obtain a chance to rise quickly. However, that was not the most important thing.

Most importantly, the tricolor octagon body was the foundation of everything! Back then, he had paid an unimaginable price to obtain this thing and related information from those guys.

But now, it is gone! It had been taken away!

The worst thing was that he did not even know who had taken it away. If it weren’t for the fact that his cultivation had deepened over the years and he had good Qi-cultivation, he would have wanted to kill someone. He would have killed the bunch of trash here. He would return to the Blue Star and kill this group of useless people!

“This bunch of incompetent fellows can’t stay in power for long. At the critical moment, I, a planetary-level powerhouse who suppressed the fate of the India Sector, actually can’t let these trash act quickly. You still have to follow the procedures. It’s simply…”

In the past, Itavi had had similar thoughts. Many people had told him about it during his tour here. However, he had always felt that professional matters should be left to the professionals. Cultivators like them were not good at management. But today, something in Itavi’s mind became extremely impulsive.

Suddenly, he understood Shamera a little!

At this moment, he wanted to be like Shamera and be impulsive. However, reason finally calmed him down. Even he could not casually touch the current power structure of the Genetic Committee.

Nilab, who had sensed Itavi’s anger, kept wiping the cold sweat off his forehead. He roared at the top of his lungs, hoping that the officials on the other side of the communication channel would hurry up.

Only by experiencing it would one understand how terrifying it was when Itavi, or a planetary realm powerhouse like Itavi, stood behind him.

Nilab wanted to tear off the heads of the idiots in the country who had never been to the extra-terrestrial before and pump them with a high-powered pump for a few minutes.

“You, return to the Blue Star immediately and investigate the relevant incident with all your might. During the process, if anyone dares to not cooperate or shirk responsibility, kill them! I’ll bear the consequences!”