Chapter 703 - 703 The Despised Tricolor Octagon Body

703 The Despised Tricolor Octagon Body

Itavi’s mental figure was smashed into pieces.

Xu Tui’s mind power once again swept toward the water-like mist without hesitation. At the same time, the mental hammer was also on guard. If another figure similar to the mental figure from just now appeared in the tricolor octagon body, Xu Tui would definitely hammer it with his mental hammer immediately.

There was no longer any mental aura coming out of the tricolor octagon body. The dense aura that was like water was also swept out by Xu Tui like before.

The moment it swept up, the red light of the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind swept the large ball of mist into his body.

The usual. The ratio of the spoils was eight to the red fire slip, and two to Xu Tui. However, the total amount this time was more than 15 times the total amount of the dense fog on Mount Tai.

Xu Tui had an accurate judgment of the total amount as soon as the red fire slip distributed it over.

Eighteen times!

It was really a lot. Without hesitation, Xu Tui split the large amount of mist into two. The other one was sent into An Xiaoxue’s body through An Xiaoxue’s tightly clenched hand. “Hurry up and absorb it.”

An Xiaoxue wanted to say something, but she knew very well that this was not the time to talk nonsense. Every second that followed would be extremely precious. She could not waste it.

Xu Tui had already begun to quickly absorb the dense fog that had been distributed to his body.

Actually, before this, Xu Tui had many thoughts about the dense fog that could quickly strengthen his genetic base points to Level 3.

For example, spiritual resonance, mental perception, the Stab Formula, the Vajra Barrier, and the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain. Xu Tui wanted to strengthen their genetic base points to Level 3.

This way, Xu Tui’s overall strength would increase again.

However, in the battle just now, Xu Tui suddenly realized that it was too wasteful to do that, be it when he was killing the three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts or when he was destroying the figure in his mind.

If the advantage was too scattered, it would not be an advantage. He had to focus on his advantage again. Only then could he maintain a certain advantage. Especially when there was still room for improvement.

Mental Whip Genetic Ability Chain!

In an instant, Xu Tui chose to use the dense energy that had entered his body to strengthen the genetic base points related to the mental whip genetic ability chain.

Only by expanding this advantage would Xu Tui have a slight advantage when he encountered Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, especially Mystery Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

A few months ago, Xu Tui had also killed two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts when he returned to the moon. However, those two were Extreme Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. Moreover, Xu Tui made full use of their contempt and the weakness that their identities played.

At that time, if Kitawan had sent a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert with powerful mind power over, the outcome might have been different. Perhaps Xu Tui would have to rely on Old Sha to save him in the end and owe him a favor.

A large amount of dense fog was transferred by Xu Tui’s mind power to the genetic base points of the mental whip. Moreover, because he was in a hurry, Xu Tui increased his speed.

Of course, this was also because this was the fifth time Xu Tui was using the dense energy. Otherwise, he would not have dared to absorb it so quickly.

Boom!

In a second, the main genetic base point of the mental vibrating whip was strengthened to Level 3 gold. Then, it was the other seven genetic base points.

Every second, one genetic base point would be strengthened to Level 3 gold. The negative effects of the rapid strengthening were also constantly deepening. When the main genetic base point of the mental vibrating whip was strengthened to Level 3, Xu Tui only felt a slight pain in his head.

However, when the fifth genetic base point of the mental whip was quickly strengthened to Level 3, Xu Tui felt a diffuse pain in his head.

Blood gushed out of Xu Tui’s eyes, ears, mouth, and nose when he strengthened the sixth one. When he strengthened the seventh one, Xu Tui felt the fishy taste in his mouth. His face and neck felt warm.

Xu Tui hesitated for a moment. He did not hesitate to focus on the genetic base point that had not been strengthened.

However, he slowed down.

Ten seconds later, the last genetic base point of the mental whip was strengthened to Level 3 gold. However, Xu Tui felt as if he had been hammered by a mental hammer. His head was in intense pain, and his vision was blurry. He was a little dizzy.

However, he still succeeded in the end.

The scale of danger that Luo Shifeng had set for the development and strengthening process gave Xu Tui extremely determined support. Without this form, Xu Tui would not have dared to strengthen to the seventh genetic base point.

Just as Luo Shifeng had said, the body was always the most honest. During the cultivation process, you must follow the feelings of your body.

At this point, the first genetic ability chain with full Level 3 Gold genetic base points had appeared.

However, the mental whip was not a Level 3 genetic ability chain. If he wanted to completely upgrade the mental whip to a Level 3 genetic ability chain, he had to strengthen the genetic chain that connected all the genetic base points to Level 3 gold.

At that time, this genetic ability chain would be completely strengthened into a level-three genetic ability chain. He had used up more than half of the dense fog from the previous strengthening. There was still 10% of the dense fog left.

Xu Tui estimated that it was enough to strengthen the genetic chain of the mental whip to Level 3. However, the moment Xu Tui focused his attention on the genetic chain, an uncontrollable panic suddenly rose in his heart.

Danger!

Immense danger!

Xu Tui’s mind, or rather, his intuition, told him that strengthening the genetic chain again would be extremely dangerous.

Xu Tui did not dare to take the risk after he thought about it. He temporarily gave up on this tempting idea.

During the process of genetic evolution and training, there was a known research discovery.

During the process of breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, the more genetic chains that completed the targeted mutation growth in his body, the less likely the genetic chain would collapse when he broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

The current research results were that if a genetic mutant only had three genetic ability chains, the probability of their genetic chain collapsing on the spot was more than 30% if they forcefully broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm with the help of drugs or energy.

This was the data that had accumulated over the past hundred years of the Great Genetic Age. It was very realistic.

With this large amount of data as the starting point, could it be that Xu Tui wanted to completely strengthen a Level 3 genetic ability chain because he had too few Level 3 genetic base points in his body? Or was it because he had not broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm? His body and overall genetic chain were not strong enough. He could not withstand the Level 3 genetic ability chain?

Many thoughts instantly flashed through Xu Tui’s mind. However, Xu Tui still rationally gave up on the opportunity to strengthen a Level 3 genetic ability chain. After all, this dense energy that was dozens of times purer than Origin Energy could only be chanced upon by luck.

But safety first.

Without hesitation, Xu Tui injected the remaining dense energy into a genetic base point where the Vajra Barrier and the Vajra Shield overlapped.

Xu Tui no longer dared to strengthen the genetic base points in his head. If he continued to strengthen it, he would be courting death if he made a mental mistake or fainted from serious injuries.

Three seconds later, the genetic base point was strengthened to a level-three gold color. The last strand of dense energy was also exhausted.

At this point, two of the genetic base points in the Vajra Barrier Genetic Ability Chain had been strengthened to Level 3. Due to the overlapping genetic base points, one of the genetic base points in the Vajra Shield had also been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

Xu Tui’s defensive ability had also increased slightly.

An Xiaoxue had not completed her strengthening. Xu Tui took advantage of this time to use his mental perception to carefully observe the tricolor octagon body that was still hovering there.

...

Xu Tui suddenly realized that there was another trace of the dense energy after he had swept away the dense energy. It was so little that it was negligible. But it had indeed appeared.

The dense energy here had indeed been cleared out by Xu Tui.

“This thing can produce this dense energy if it’s placed here. Is that why Itavi’s mind power is guarding this place?”

Through his mental perception, Xu Tui did not discover any more mental consciousness in the body of the tricolor octagon body. If he wanted to operate normally, he would definitely have to check inch by inch. However, there was a time limit.

After scanning the area and not finding any obvious mental marks, Xu Tui used his mind power to move the tricolor octagon body that Itavi had personally protected with his mental body.

The red fire slip that had just obtained a massive amount of energy was also very powerful. The red light continued to illuminate all of Xu Tui’s genetic ability chains. Under the red light, the various discomforts caused by Xu Tui’s consecutive breakthroughs were reduced.

Xu Tui had thought that since the red fire slip had such a strong sense of this place, the red fire slip might swallow it or fuse it into its body if he transported the tricolor octagon body out. It might even undergo some magical changes.@@novelbin@@

However, the truth was completely beyond Xu Tui’s expectations. It ignored that tricolor octagon body!

Xu Tui transported the tricolor octagon body up from the depths of the ground. The red fire slip completely ignored it. Xu Tui used his mind power to force the two of them to collide. The red fire slip actually had some intention of resisting.

Not only did it resist, but it also despised it!

Damn! Was the red fire slip purely for the dense energy? Or was there something wrong with the tricolor octagon body? Or could it be that this tricolor octagon body that clearly had extraterrestrial colors and did not have the same characteristics as the red fire slip was an external object?

...

However, it was true that the red fire slip despised the tricolor octagon body.

As for this fellow, it had just absorbed a massive amount of dense energy to its heart’s content. It was a little shameless! However, this tricolor octagon body was a treasure that even a Planetary realm powerhouse like Itavi guarded with a mental figure. No one would believe that it was worthless!

But the red fire slip actually didn’t want it?

Fortunately, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had considered all kinds of situations when they arrived. They had made full preparations.

Xu Tui took out an alloy lead box from his backpack and carefully placed the tricolor octagon body into it. He carefully wrapped it in a layer of soft lead paper. Then, he put it into a larger alloy lead box and sealed it. There was another layer of soft lead paper.

Xu Tui tried it out under the four layers of shielding alloy. He could not sense anything when he touched it with his mind power at such a close distance. It was as if he had touched a wall. This way, even if a Planetary realm powerhouse like Itavi really left a mental mark that Xu Tui could not sense, he would not be able to sense it.

Xu Tui would carefully deal with the tricolor octagon body when he reached a safe place.

“It’s too… too much. I can’t absorb it. Can you still… receive it?” An Xiaoxue’s trembling voice rang in Xu Tui’s ears.

Xu Tui opened his eyes and saw blood gushing out of An Xiaoxue’s eyes, ears, mouth, and nose. An Xiaoxue did not dare to return the dense energy that she could not finish absorbing to Xu Tui. She was afraid that she would harm Xu Tui, so she insisted on asking.

“Yes, I can.”

“Then I’ll send it into your body.”

A few seconds later, An Xiaoxue sent a small ball of mist into her body with her mind power. Xu Tui did not dare to strengthen the genetic base points in his head again. He directly strengthened the Vajra Barrier Genetic Energy Chain. Two more genetic base points of the Vajra Barrier had been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

“Xiaoxue, how are you?”

“I’m fine. I just strengthened myself too much just now. My body can’t take it.”

“Alright, deal with the scene and prepare to evacuate.”

A minute later, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue calmly left the Konarak Sun Temple. It had only been eight minutes since Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue started their operation.