Chapter 701 - 701 Mission And Massacre (3)

701 Mission and Massacre (3)

This was his life-saving method. It was extremely precious. He did not even use it when he went to the Extra-terrestrial the previous time. He did not expect it to be used here. But in the next moment, he was stunned.

A flash of silver light suddenly appeared in front of him.

The toxin in sanmatosin acted up, causing his expression to become a little dazed. His reaction became a little slower. He was still wondering how this silver light could break through his life-saving fire crystal shield. After all, his fire crystal shield was still fine!

Just as he was feeling puzzled, the silver light exploded into his head.

Double kill!

The first and second kills took less than three seconds!

At this moment, the resounding alarm caused the entire Konarak Sun Temple to boil. Nearly 300 Genetic Mutation Realm experts and the other 16 Genetic Evolution Realm experts had already pounced out of their rooms.

However, the form of the pounce was extremely strange. Some fell on the spot, one crashed into a pillar, and some froze because they could not use their superpowers as usual. It was a mess!

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui pulled An Xiaoxue up into the air.

Under his feet, more than four-meter-long earth spikes shot out from the ground.

The last Genetic Transmutation Realm expert was an earth-element superb individual. At this moment, he finally had the chance to attack Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

Previously, he had been a step too slow because he had been poisoned. He had only adjusted himself now.

The moment Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue rose into the air, countless spears rose from all directions and shot toward Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue. They wanted to turn Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue into sieves.

Xu Tui held An Xiaoxue in front of his chest. As he extended the Vajra Barrier, he continuously pulled out his mental vibrating whip and dispersed the hundreds of spears.

“I’ll interrupt him!” An Xiaoxue sent a mental message to Xu Tui. Almost at the same time, An Xiaoxue’s extremely strange Dimensional Explosion blasted toward the last Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

Almost at the same time, the spears that were constantly thrown out were gone.

An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion did not kill him, but it successfully interrupted his attack. Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashed toward his head at high speed. The silver flying sword passed through the rain and created a vacuum-like tunnel. The mind power enhancement necklace on Xu Tui’s chest instantly became hot.

Xu Tui attacked with all his might. An Xiaoxue also attacked with her Dimensional Explosion again.

In the next moment, the Genetic Transmutation Realm expert’s expression became extremely terrified. He watched helplessly as the silver light seemed to be indestructible as it pierced through his three-layered defensive force field. It kept enlarging in his eyes.

Triple kill!

An Xiaoxue was slightly shocked. Xu Tui’s eyes were filled with surprise. The current power of his flying sword already had the power to forcefully break through the defense of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

In other words, under suitable circumstances, Xu Tui already had the strength to face a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert head-on in a one-on-one battle. Of course, there had to be a slight discount. After all, the strength of the Genetic Transmutation Realm expert in front of him had also been weakened by the poison.

At this point, the three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts had all been killed. Most of the cultivators in the temple were still in a completely chaotic state. Many people only realized that they had been poisoned now. They discovered that they had been poisoned, but it did not seem to be serious.

More importantly, more than half of the cultivators realized that their fire-type superpowers were greatly restricted on such a stormy night.

A fire-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm could still unleash powerful attacks. However, a fire-type supernatural being at the Genetic Mutation Realm’s ability was drowned by the rain before it could injure the enemy.@@novelbin@@

The power of nature was terrifying!

“Let’s go. Let’s massacre them!”

In the next moment, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue landed on the ground at the same time and walked toward the holy temple. The moment he walked towards the holy temple, flying swords, earth spikes, and the Mountain Formula all appeared.

Four to five people would become minced meat when the mountain smashed them. Those who had their heads pierced by a sword died the most straightforwardly. Occasionally, Xu Tui would use the Earth Spike. The traces left behind by the earth spikes were the largest.

After the deaths of the three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were no longer a match in the entire Konarak Sun Temple.

There were 21 Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators. Even if they were at their peak, they would not be a match for Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, let alone when they were all poisoned.

If the three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts were still around, they would be a huge problem for Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

But now, they were targets!

Occasionally, Xu Tui would give a mental hammer to those who reacted quickly enough to receive a blow. Everything would be resolved.

In less than 30 seconds, 21 Genetic Evolution Realm experts were all killed! As for Genetic Mutation Realm cultivators, they could not resist Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue at all. It could be said to be a one-sided massacre.

The only advantage was that there were more people, more than 300 people. It was a little strenuous to cut all 300 cabbages. In the one-sided massacre, these Genetic Mutation Realm cultivators broke down on the spot.

Many cultivators gave up resisting and fled. However, the people who fled did not know about another thing.

Xu Tui’s combat range was 1,306 meters. At this moment, standing in front of the holy temple, it not only covered the entire Konarak Sun Temple, but also a portion of the outside of the temple. The flying swords shuttled back and forth.

An Xiaoxue was responsible for killing the cultivators from the India Sector within a 300-meter radius. Xu Tui was responsible for killing the escapees from 300 meters away.

These cultivators were all the disciples of Itavi and Kitawan. Xu Tui did not feel any burden when he killed them. Two minutes later, the four flying swords instantly returned to Xu Tui’s side. They did not even have a drop of blood on them, but they were filled with killing intent.

“Ah Huang, I’ll leave the destruction of all the electronic data to you! As for the other traces, follow the original plan.”

“Don’t worry.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui willed the frost giant to start smashing the corpses. Especially the corpses whose heads had been blown off by the flying sword. They had to smash them all!

“Xiaoxue, let’s go in.”

“Yes, remember to stand guard around the area. If anyone approaches three kilometers away from the temple, inform us immediately!”

After giving his instructions, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue walked into the temple hand in hand.