Chapter 707 - 707 Wasteland Exploration And Special Mission

707 Wasteland Exploration and Special Mission

In the meeting room, An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui, and Bian Yuan sat down.

Under Ah Huang’s strong request, the egg-sized pet simulation puppy pendant was also placed on the long table of the meeting. It could be considered participation in the meeting.

“There are a few things that I want to announce and discuss.” As the vice-chairman of the Research Institute Number 14, An Xiaoxue was undoubtedly the host of the meeting.

“The first thing is about the promotion of the positions. From tomorrow onwards, Bian Yuan will be promoted to the second vice-chairman of the Research Institute Number 14. At the same time, he will obtain special level one rights. He will also obtain the relevant allowances and rights.”

Bian Yuan immediately became anxious when he heard An Xiaoxue’s words. “Xiaoxue, I can’t do it. I can’t be the vice chairman…”

An Xiaoxue gestured for Bian Yuan to stop. “It’s not just my intention. It’s also the intention of Mr. Ji and Mr. He. You have no choice but to accept it.”

Bian Yuan opened his mouth and became tongue-tied.

“Secondly, from tomorrow onwards, Xu Tui will also be promoted to the third vice-chairman of the Research Institute Number 14. His special level one rights will remain unchanged, but he will obtain special level rights to the advanced artificial intelligence super quantum computer, Ah Huang.

“In other words, from tomorrow onwards, your control and command rights over Ah Huang will be the same as mine, Mr. Ji, and Mr. He. Ah Huang would even prioritize handling your orders at certain moments. However, some of the core information of the Research Institute Number 14 was still encrypted. You could not read it yet. Don’t doubt it. This is a form of protection from the teachers. In fact, even as the first vice chairman, I can’t read much of the information.”

An Xiaoxue explained a lot about Xu Tui’s matter. Xu Tui could tell that An Xiaoxue had said so much because she was afraid that he would have thoughts. In reality, Xu Tui did not care about the second and third vice chairmen.

Xu Tui thought of another problem. An Xiaoxue had suddenly promoted his and Bian Yuan’s positions and rights. Why did it feel like a handover?

“Next, let’s talk about the third matter. Our Research Institute Number 14, which is also known as the Genetic Miracle, has received a notice from the Huaxia Genetic Committee that we need a person to participate in the third or fourth wasteland development operation regarding the Mars quantum portal. This candidate is me!”@@novelbin@@

“I’ll go!” As soon as An Xiaoxue finished speaking, Xu Tui immediately expressed a different opinion. “My survivability is strong. Xiaoxue, let me go.”

“It’s better if I go. The research institute can’t do without you, Xiaoxue. My Myriad Sword Technique is more suitable…” Bian Yuan could not continue. His current situation did not have much of an advantage. After a pause, Bian Yuan said, “I’ll go. All of you, be it the teachers, Xiaoxue, or Xu Tui, have sacrificed so much for my recovery. Now, it’s my turn to pay.”

An Xiaoxue swept her gaze past Xu Tui and Bian Yuan’s faces and shook her head gently. “That’s a decision. I’m just announcing it to you. Do you understand? From tomorrow on, the two of you will start to familiarize yourself with the daily work of the research institute. You will have a month to familiarize yourself with it at most.” An Xiaoxue’s attitude was very tough.

However, now was the time to display his future status as a family head. Xu Tui knocked on the conference table gently and said in an extremely determined tone, “Xiaoxue, I’ll go to the exploration. I have to go! If you don’t agree, we’ll fight. Whoever wins will go,” Xu Tui said.

Bian Yuan froze. Xu Tui was actually so tough in front of Xiaoxue today. What medicine did he take? This was a moment when a man had to be tough. As for the outcome of the so-called battle, it was hard to predict the outcome of the battle between Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue in other environments.

However, in a one-on-one competition, even if An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion had the strength to kill a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert, Xu Tui could still defeat An Xiaoxue.

Time Distortion, Mental Hammer, Earth Spike Cage! This combination skill that Xu Tui had created could definitely control An Xiaoxue in a second.

Of course, it was only a superficial victory. Unless Xu Tui had the intention to kill, he would not be able to do whatever he wanted.

Xu Tui’s toughness made An Xiaoxue glare at him. Then, her gaze turned gentle. An Xiaoxue was smart. She naturally understood what Xu Tui meant by being so tough. It was just to protect her and not let her take the risk.

“I have no choice,” An Xiaoxue slowly said.

Xu Tui became anxious. He was about to say something when An Xiaoxue said, “The Huaxia Genetic Committee has informed us that our Research Institute Number 14 has to produce a Genetic Evolution Realm expert to participate in the future exploration operation.

“Actually, it’s not just our Research Institute Number 14. The other research institutes have also received similar orders. Our research institute doesn’t have many people, so we only have one spot.” After a pause, An Xiaoxue said, “The Huaxia Sector has supported us for so long. Now that it’s our time to do something, we have to go. Besides, it’s just an exploration.”

An Xiaoxue spoke casually.

“Xiaoxue, as far as I know, there’s no news from the artificial intelligence equipment and various organisms that were first explored.

“In the second wasteland exploration, other than the powerful death row prisoners of the various sectors, there were also military elites from the various sectors who entered. Up until now, there was still no news.

“The third wasteland exploration is already in preparation. However, according to public opinion, the third wasteland exploration will still have a slim chance of survival!”

Ever since he knew that Qu Qingshan was going to participate in the exploration, Xu Tui had specially learned about the exploration and done relevant research. Previously, he had even prepared to head to the extra-terrestrial to provide Qu Qingshan with some life-saving emergency supplies.

Old Qu had been living a carefree life in the capital of the Huaxia Sector all these years. He also had some savings, but those savings were not worth mentioning in the extra-terrestrial compared to the Blue Star.

An Xiaoxue shook her head. “It’s not that exaggerated. The Genetic Committee would not organize so many elites to die. According to Mr. Ji, we’ve already gained something, but it’s top-secret.”

“They’ve gained something?” Xu Tui understood that this was very likely. After all, the information channels he could access were extremely limited. “But I still hope…”

“There’s no need to argue about this. Even if I wanted to back down, the two of you would not meet the requirements of the Genetic Committee. You have to be in the Genetic Evolution Realm,” An Xiaoxue said.

“I… can try to break through by force…” Bian Yuan really wanted to give something to An Xiaoxue and the others.

“Don’t mention that again. Besides, I have an important mission in this expedition,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Important mission?”

“Do you still remember Mr. Shang?”

“Of course I remember.”

Shang Long was the creator of genetic miracles. Who could not remember him? There had been no news of him since a few years ago. To the outside world, he was in the extra-terrestrial, but there was no concrete news.

“Xiaoxue, are you saying that Mr. Shang also went…”

“It’s just a possibility. However, as long as Mr. Shang has been there, he will definitely leave behind a special signal. Moreover, Mr. Ji guessed that Mr. Shang might have encountered danger. This was also the reason why he had not returned in the past two years. Therefore, I have to go this time,” An Xiaoxue said firmly.

Xu Tui frowned. “Xiaoxue, there’s a problem. Mr. Shang is a Planetary realm powerhouse. If he encounters danger, you won’t be able to save him even if you go, right?”

“First of all, Mr. Shang being in danger is just a guess. I might obtain the information left behind by Mr. Shang. It had to be known that in the past hundred years, Mr. Shang had been at the forefront of the resistance against the alien invaders. He had been involved in several critical turns. If not for his discovery back then, humans might not have been able to protect the moon, let alone Mars. This is also the status of our Genetic Miracle.

“Secondly, Mr. Ji and Mr. He will also be prepared. There will definitely be danger, but they will definitely not let me die,” An Xiaoxue said.

At this point, Xu Tui could no longer persuade her. Even if he wanted to replace her, he did not have the right. It was possible for him to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm in a short period of time. However, neither Bian Yuan nor An Xiaoxue allowed him to do that.

“Then when do you plan to go to the Extra-terrestrial?” Xu Tui asked.

Whether it was Xu Tui or An Xiaoxue, as small fries, they could only accept these things. Then, they would think of a better and more appropriate way to prepare.

“Because I’ve just participated in Mars actual combat and have participated in four Mars actual combats in the past, I don’t have to participate in the early survival training of the exploration. I can go later. It was the recruitment season in June.

“I’ll wait for the new students to arrive at the school and see if I can pick one or two students who are suitable for our Genetic Miracle. I’ll go to the Extra-terrestrial around the end of June or the beginning of July,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Then I won’t participate in the matters related to the research institute. It’s better to let Mr. Bian took over. I’ll go to the Extra-terrestrial in advance after some time.” After saying that, Xu Tui added, “I’ll go first and see what I can prepare for you.”

An Xiaoxue naturally could not object to this. Moreover, she also knew that Xu Tui was going to the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

Of course, there was something that Xu Tui did not say. He had gone to the extra-terrestrial in advance because he wanted to see if there was any possibility of him participating in the exploration.

Since An Xiaoxue could accompany Xu Tui up the mountain and into the Ice Ocean, there was no reason why Xu Tui could not accompany her to explore the land.

“You don’t have to be too worried. Mr. Ji and Mr. He had already prepared supplies for me,” An Xiaoxue said.

...

The meeting ended here. Basically, Xu Tui and Bian Yuan had come to listen to An Xiaoxue’s announcement.

Bian Yuan left first, but Xu Tui stepped forward and grabbed An Xiaoxue’s small hand. This made the calm and cold An Xiaoxue’s gaze immediately become gentle.

“Let’s go. The Multi-Information Shielded Room has been built. Let’s go and explore together. We’ll see what kind of mysterious treasure can make a Planetary Realm powerhouse like Itavi go crazy.”

“Okay.”

When Xu Tui grabbed her hand, An Xiaoxue would become very obedient.