Chapter 708 - 708 The Condition Of The Fourth Level Of The Vajra Tide Force Field (1)

708 The Condition of the Fourth Level of the Vajra Tide Force Field (1)

An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui took turns conducting the tests outside the multi-information-shielded room.

“My mind power can barely penetrate the first shield and touch the second shield. However, it’s very blurry. It should be safe.” An Xiaoxue was the first to test.

Then, Xu Tui used his mind power to conduct various penetration tests on the multi-information-shielded room.

“Xiaoxue, I’m the same as you. At such a close distance, I can only penetrate the first shield with all my strength. It should be safe, right?” Xu Tui said.@@novelbin@@

“That’s the theory. Try your quantum entanglement state energy teleportation again,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui first asked An Xiaoxue to place an Origin Crystal Powder that was planted with the mental magnetic pillar in the shield room. Then, he sensed outside the shield room. His expression changed slightly.

“Can you sense it?”

“Yes.” Xu Tui nodded.

“How far can you sense it? Can you locate it?”

“I can only sense the existence of the mental magnetic pillar. I can’t determine its location. I can’t use the energy teleportation in the quantum entanglement state,” Xu Tui said.

“Then there’s no problem.”

The safety issue was considered approved. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had to be careful. Previously, Itavi was on the moon. Planetary realm powerhouses were powerful, but there was no record of them using shocking abilities from hundreds of thousands of miles away.

But now that he had returned to the Blue Star and was still investigating with all his might, he had to be extremely careful.

At the same time, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue would conduct a most comprehensive search on the tricolor octagon body.

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue both walked into the multi-information-shielded room. At the same time, they turned on the particle signal jammer. In fact, there were three layers of information blockers outside the multi-information-shielded room.

The first layer was the information shield that the Research Institute Number 14 had made themselves. The second layer was the information shield room of the research institute itself. The other layer was the information shield that the Genetic Research Institute had not made too tightly.

In the multi-information-shielded room, Xu Tui opened the lead paper that was wrapped around the tricolor octagon body and took out the tricolor octagon body from the lead alloy-shielded box.

The moment she took it out, Xu Tui supported it with his mind power. An Xiaoxue used the epoxy polyacetylene gun to start spraying and burning the tricolor octagon body.

The multiple pieces of information he had checked showed that this octagonal body could withstand temperatures of more than 10,000 degrees and not be damaged. It was considered futuristic technology for the Blue Star.

The flame temperature of the epoxy polyacetylene gun could reach 6,000 degrees. If Itavi had any additional arrangements that Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue did not know about, they would be able to burn everything clean.

Half an hour later, after the purification and waiting for the cooldown, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s mind power surged into the tricolor octagon body at the same time. An Xiaoxue’s mind power acted as a vibrator, while Xu Tui used his microscopic perception and penetrating perception abilities to search for any trump cards that Itavi might have left behind.

After all, that tricolor octagon body had condensed Itavi’s mention figure. In less than ten minutes, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had cleared out five traces of Itavi’s mental aura.

This kind of mental aura was usually useless. However, if Xu Tui brought the tricolor octagon body with him without any protection and was at a certain distance from Itavi, he would immediately notice him.

“There’s something unusual here.” An Xiaoxue suddenly used her mind power to point out a location for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui leaned over with his mind power and used his microscopic perception. He instantly noticed something unusual. There was a point that was very similar to the structure in the body of the tricolor octagon body. It was difficult to discover. However, Xu Tui still noticed something unusual with his microscopic perception.

In the next moment, Xu Tui pulled out his mental vibrating whip. That dot instantly collapsed on the spot. This tricolor octagon body was one of the few items that Xu Tui had seen where his mind power could directly penetrate. Just this point alone could be considered a treasure.

India Sector, Konarak Sun Temple.

Itavi, who was sitting cross-legged, suddenly frowned. A mental mark that had an extremely small connection with him seemed to have dissipated. After sensing it for a moment, Itavi’s eyes widened in anger. He was about to spit fire!

The last mental mark was eliminated!

That tri-colored octahedral body was extremely important even to a Planetary realm powerhouse like him. Therefore, after going through painstaking means to obtain it back then, he had set up many backup plans.

In addition to the mental figure and mental mark, Itavi had also spent a lot of effort to inject a mental mark that ordinary people could not detect. Even if it was Itavi himself, this mental mark was very faint and blurry. He had to sense it with all his might under a certain condition.

Knowing that the culprit must have placed the tricolor octagon body into a shielding equipment, Itavi had not sensed the last mental mark for the past few days. He even planned not to use this mental mark for a long time.

If he could not find the culprit through normal channels, then in a few months, or even a year or two, when the culprit relaxed and took out this treasure to use, trade, or study, he would be able to catch the culprit in one fell swoop!

This was his last hope of finding the tricolor octagon body.

But now, the mental mark is gone! It was completely gone!

This meant that if he did not find any useful clues of the culprit, it would be impossible for him to find the missing tricolor octagon body.