Chapter 702 - 702 Hammering The Figure

702 Hammering the Figure

The holy temple of the Sun Temple of the India Sector worshiped the Sun God, Surya.

The moment Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue entered, they saw the Sun God sitting with a lotus flower in his hand. Xu Tui was stunned. It was not because he was stunned by the Sun God, but because of the fluctuations reflected by the red fire slip.

The moment he pushed open the door of the holy temple, the majestic aura that the red fire slip sensed suddenly doubled. This was much stronger than the aura Xu Tui had sensed outside the temple.

In an instant, Xu Tui realized that the outer wall of the temple had been specially treated. Furthermore, it was mainly used to hide the aura inside. The thing that was related to the fire slip might really be here and had not been taken away.

“I’ll be on guard. Hurry up,” An Xiaoxue said as she stopped in her tracks.

“I feel that there might be many benefits here. Let’s go together.” Xu Tui grabbed An Xiaoxue’s hand and quickly walked toward the Sun God statue. At the same time, he gave Ah Huang an order. “Help us stand guard. If anyone approaches, give us an alert immediately.”

At the same time, the frost giant that Xu Tui had conjured also began to move toward the entrance of the temple. Even if there was really danger, not only could the frost giant block it, but it could also become the other party’s first target.

In the next moment, Xu Tui placed his hand on the lotus flower in the Sun God’s left hand. This was the spot where the red fire slip sensed the most. He extended his mental perception and instantly sensed that there was a medium-sized tunnel under the lotus flower that led deep underground.

He extended his mind power to the end. Before Xu Tui could use his mind power to enhance the necklace, the red fire slip in his mind flashed with red light. Under the red light, Xu Tui’s mental perception instantly probed downwards as if he had been injected with chicken blood.

Xu Tui’s mind power suddenly stopped 2,000 meters underground. It was a hollow place. Large patches of dense fog gathered here. It looked like it was about to liquefy when he looked with his mental perception.

It was a huge amount! It was at least ten times more than the dense energy that Xu Tui had absorbed at Mount Tai. However, what attracted Xu Tui’s attention the most was a crystal under a large amount of mist.

The octahedral diamond-shaped body was gradually changing in color. At first glance, this octagonal diamond-shaped object looked a little familiar. The full-frequency energy testing device in the Moon base and the full-wave information testing device in Phobos were all octagonal.

The structure was not exactly the same. Based on Xu Tui’s observation, the patterns on it were not exactly the same. This time, Xu Tui saw an octahedral rhombus that was gradually changing in color.

Could there be a connection? Or rather, what kind of special structure was this?

However, this was not the biggest difference. The biggest difference was that Xu Tui could sense a faint mental consciousness in the tri-colored octahedral diamond.

This discovery made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. He used the mental hammer. Fortunately, with the support of the red fire slip that had recovered a lot, Xu Tui’s mental hammer was easily transported down.

The enhancement of the red fire slip should have expanded the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception to more than 2,000 meters. If there was a need, there would probably be more. Therefore, the mental hammer was also possible.

The moment he was prepared, Xu Tui’s mind power swept toward the large ball of mist that was about to turn into water just like before.

The moment Xu Tui’s mind power touched the large ball of oxygen mist, the mental consciousness in the tri-colored octahedral diamond below seemed to have been activated and instantly surged out.

“Who is it? How dare you barge into our Sacred Hall!” Amidst a thunderous roar, a small person condensed in the tri-colored octahedral diamond.

Xu Tui’s expression changed the moment he saw the little person.

Itavi!

This little person clearly looked like Itavi.

Xu Tui had already checked the relevant information about Itavi and his disciples when he decided to attack here. The appearance of every Genetic Transmutation Realm disciple in Itavi’s lineage had been remembered in Xu Tui’s mind, let alone Itavi himself.

Xu Tui did not have the time to think about anything when this tiny Itavi appeared from the tri-colored rhombus.

Xu Tui did not care if it was a mental mark, a clone, or something else. The mental hammer that he had prepared long ago blasted toward the little person. The moment the figure appeared, it roared angrily and took the initiative to charge towards the water-like mist.

As long as it rushed into this energy, the mental figure would be able to unleash a powerful offensive ability.

This was the real guard here!

The mental figure of Itavi was fast, but Xu Tui was even faster. Xu Tui’s mental hammer struck down the moment the figure appeared.@@novelbin@@

Bang!

The mental figure that had been hit by the mental hammer suddenly trembled and froze on the spot.

A trace of the mental figure dissipated. However, Xu Tui could sense the dissipation with his mental senses.

The mental hammer attack was effective! This mental figure was definitely not Itavi’s main body. In any case, it was much weaker than his main body. In for a penny, in for a pound. Xu Tui’s mental hammer continued to smash down. With every explosion, a wisp of it would dissipate and be weakened. As he was weakened more and more, the damage the mental hammer dealt to him increased.

A terrifying light flowed in the eyes of the mental figure. However, there was nothing he could do! He was completely countered! His will was clear, but his mental body was badly shaken by Xu Tui’s mental hammer. He could not do anything. It was a little like being paralyzed. He was conscious, but he could not be able to control his body.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Xu Tui hammered again and again.

At the same time, in a huge quiet room in the Moon India Sector’s general base, Itavi, who was cultivating, suddenly opened his eyes in anger. “Who is it? Who dares to invade the Holy Temple!”

There was a flash of fire, and it was gone in an instant. In the next moment, Itavi appeared at the entrance of the India Sector’s base. The furious and anxious Itavi instantly reacted. Even with his strength, he could not return to the Blue Star in an instant. He had to rely on transportation. Even the fastest Aerospace Combat Jet would take four to five hours.

By the time he rushed back, it would be too late!

There was another flash of fire, and Itavi appeared in the room of Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee and the person-in-charge of extraterrestrial affairs in the India Sector.

Late at night, Nilab, who had just finished his exercise with the female secretary, had just fallen asleep. He had not had the time to have a sweet dream when he suddenly felt the back of his neck tighten. He was lifted up by someone and instantly became confused.

The two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts protecting Nilab instantly pounced forward. When they saw that it was Itavi, they did not back down. He shouted, “Get lost!”

The two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts protecting Nilab spat out blood and retreated at the same time.

In the next moment, Nilab felt a pure power surge into him. His confused head became extremely clear. Only then did he see that he had appeared in the base combat command center of the India Sector.

The personnel on duty in the combat command center were looking at him with an extremely shocked and strange gaze.

Although there were many styles in the India Sector that were famous for being bold and unrestrained, Lord Nilab, it was not appropriate for you to stand naked in front of a group of men, right?

Moreover, the honorable Lord Itavi was also here!

“Immediately order the states of Odisha and West Bengal to enter a state of emergency and lock down the entire country.

“Order the military commanders of Odisha and West Bengal to lock down the entire territory. At the same time, order them to gather the Genetic Transmutation Realm and Genetic Evolution Realm experts in the territory and quickly rush to the Konarak Sun Temple!” Itavi tried his best to calm his tone so that Nilab could hear him clearly.

This was also the difference in their current status. Although he, Itavi, was the most respected guru and the strongest person in the India Sector, it was impossible for him to mobilize the forces of the local army.

However, Nilab had that possibility!

Nilab, whose head had cleared, pulled a tablecloth over to cover his body. He frowned and said, “Lord Itavi, did something happen at the Konarak Sun Temple?”

“Don’t ask. Do as I tell you immediately!” Itavi was anxious and glared. Even though he did not use any strength, his gaze still hurt Nilab. It felt like he had been pierced by a needle!

“Lord Itavi, you know that I don’t have the direct authority to mobilize the domestic army. If I want to mobilize the local troops and experts of these two states, I have to report it to…”

“Nilab, I’ll say it one last time. Do as I say! If you can do it, continue to be the vice-chairman of the Genetic Committee and continue to manage extraterrestrial affairs. If you can’t do it, you’ll step down tomorrow! The day after tomorrow, you would not even have a corpse left! In the name of Itavi, I promise that!”

...

Itavi’s voice was calm, but anyone could hear the anger and anxiety in it. Nilab could naturally tell, and believed, that it was true. If he could not do it, he really had the energy to get him off the stage and disappear.

So Nilab immediately made the best decision of his life.

“Connect me to the governors of Odisha, West Bengal, and the commanders of the local garrisons, the Minister of Security, and the director of the Investigation and Analysis Division. Everyone, connect at the same time. Red emergency communication request, immediately!” Nilab immediately gave the order. With that, Nilab said to Itavi, “Lord Itavi, the internal affairs of the Blue Star have always been loose. This late-night emergency contact might take some time. I’ll do my best!”

Under such circumstances, even though he was anxious, he could only nod. It was also at this moment that Itavi’s expression trembled. His expression changed drastically again, and his eyes were almost wide open!

The mental body he had left in the Holy Temple was destroyed! It dissipated!

“Quick, you have to be fast!” Itavi was about to go crazy. He could not afford to lose that thing!