Chapter 705 - 705 The Return Of Itavi (2)

705 The Return of Itavi (2)

The killing intent in Itavi’s words seethed.

“Yes, I will follow Master’s orders.” Kitawan accepted the order. “Mr. Nilab, please arrange for an aerospace fighter jet for me immediately.”

“Alright, no problem.” Nilab agreed readily.

Kitawan was about to leave when he was stopped by Itavi. “I’ll return to the Blue Star with you. Nilab, if there are any developments, I’ll contact you through the Aerospace Combat Jet at any time. Also, you’d better remind your colleagues. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being merciless!”

“Understood. Immediately. Definitely, definitely!”

Five minutes later, Nilab heaved a sigh of relief when he learned that Itavi and Kitawan had left at the same time on the Aerospace Combat Jet. However, he did not slack off at all! He did not dare and could not! He believed that something major must have happened in the Konarak Sun Temple.

It was the 27th minute since Nilab had appeared in the combat command room with a tablecloth over his shoulders when the information from the Konarak Sun Temple reached him. It was the 18th minute since Itavi and Kitawan had left the moon.

At this moment, it was not an exaggeration to describe the interior of the Konarak Sun Temple as hell on earth. There were corpses and severed arms everywhere. Many people’s heads were smashed into pulp. Some people’s entire bodies were even smashed.

Among the 332 genetic cultivators in the entire Konarak Sun Temple, the autonomous Genetic Transmutation Realm expert, Solf, had been killed! There were also 84 ordinary attendants and servants. All of them were still unconscious. All the electronic data in the temple was destroyed. So far, the security forces who had arrived first had not found any clues about the murderer.

Xu Tui was not a butcher. Most of the ordinary attendants and servants had been hypnotized by Xu Tui before the battle started. A small portion of them had been hypnotized. Xu Tui could not bring himself to kill them.

The tragic deaths of more than 300 cultivators in the temple also successfully raised the alarm. After layers of reports, the two nearby states officially activated a military blockade. By now, it had been an hour since the incident. However, a large-scale military blockade would take at least six hours to complete.

Nilab packaged all the information he had received and sent it to Itavi; he also attached some of his suggestions. At the same time, he expressed that he would be at his disposal if Lord Itavi had any instructions.

What had happened today gave Nilab a vague prediction. Of course, it would be best if it did not happen. If that happened, his actions would be considered opportunistic!

…

Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had planned to act on a stormy night and evacuate on a stormy night. The rainstorm could cover and dilute their tracks to the greatest extent. Moreover, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had made ample preparations to retreat without leaving any traces.

The two of them first used the repulsive-force flying car that they had snatched to quickly fly into the sea. The repulsive-force flying car that they had snatched sank into the sea, while the two of them sank to the bottom of the sea and crossed the sea in the most primitive way.

This was impossible for ordinary people.

However, An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui, who had been prepared for this, used their mind power as a propulsion device to break through the waves. The two of them were like torpedoes pushing at the bottom of the sea. Their speed was even faster than many ships.

The first time they came, they had not flown the sky shuttle to India Sector. Later on, they did not bring it over.

That thing was too eye-catching.

At dawn, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue landed on land and entered the jurisdiction of the Myanmar Genetic Committee.

The Myanmar Sector was considered a member of the India Sector. However, be it a hundred years ago or now, the Myanmar Sector was still one of the most chaotic and turbulent areas on the Blue Star. The control of the Genetic Committee was extremely weak.

They casually hijacked a repulsive-force flying car. Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue began to cross the Myanmar Sector and enter Huaxia’s Yunzhou Prefecture.

On the way, Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue saw news about the Konarak Sun Temple. The headlines were glaring. The Konarak Sun Temple was massacred by anti-Blue Star members! The temple was massacred in a hellish manner.

Big news: Due to the incident at the Konarak Sun Temple, the Planetary realm powerhouse, Guru Itavi, rushed back to the Blue Star overnight.

The accompanying picture of this piece of news was the back of Itavi as he quickly walked into the temple. The back view filled the entire picture, as if it had filled the entire world.

“That thing… Don’t take it out easily. If you want to take it out, you have to completely isolate the environment that blocks any force field.” An Xiaoxue instructed softly as she read the news.

“I know. We’ll build a multi-shielded house when we get back.”

Itavi’s overnight return meant that the things that had been lost in the temple were more important than anyone had imagined. It also meant that the value of the tricolor octagon body or the dense energy far exceeded Xu Tui’s imagination.

That thing was not only useful to him, but it might also be very useful to Itavi!

On the 20th of April, when Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue changed their identities seven to eight times and returned to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the explosive news about the Konarak Sun Temple had already spread throughout the Blue Star.

The media’s speculations were overwhelming. Many media outlets said that the murderer was most likely a quasi-planetary-level or even a planetary-level powerhouse. It was also possible that he was the enemy of Itavi or his disciples because the murderer was too ruthless. He had directly wiped out 332 supernatural beings from Itavi’s faction.

Even though Itavi was a guru and had many disciples, he did not have more than a thousand disciples with superpowers.

It could be said to be a huge loss!

The India Genetic Committee also completely reacted. This was a major loss to the India Genetic Committee. The death of all 300 supernatural beings was a huge loss to the India Genetic Committee. The murderer was waging war on the India Genetic Committee.

That’s right. The definition of the tragedy at the Konarak Sun Temple of the India Genetic Committee was war!

On the same day, the India Genetic Committee announced to the entire Blue Star that the entire India Sector had entered a state of emergency. They would pursue the murderer at all costs and surround him. They would not hesitate to start a small-scale war!

Itavi had been in the Konarak Sun Temple for two days. Not only was he stunned, but he was also personally involved in the search for clues.

Unfortunately, the murderer was too professional! All the corpses that could provide a direction for detection suffered extreme destructive damage. It was shattered by a few huge forces of different attributes. It was smashed into pieces!

So far, he could only determine that the murderer was very strong. There were two to four people. In a few seconds, they had dealt with three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. It was very likely that a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse had participated. However, it was also possible that a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert had taken action.

This was because all the dead people had been detected with poison.@@novelbin@@

Sanmatosins!

A special department had already started to track down the source of this poison. It was not too difficult to prepare this poison. Many organizations and people had the ability to prepare it, but not many people had a large number of raw materials. This was one of the directions of investigation.

Hypnosis. It was an extremely brilliant School of Radiation Influence ability.

Water-type superpower.

Ice-type superpower.

Earth-element superpower.

Powerful mind power.

There might be an extremely professional team behind him. This was the information that he had analyzed so far. But these were useless in tracking down the murderer.

Itavi had already used his mind power to carefully sweep the ground of the entire Konarak Sun Temple twice. He collected all the hair that he could find and even collected things that were suspected to be dandruff. He was a Planetary realm powerhouse. He handed it over to the technology department for comparison.

However, the effect of doing so was minimal. This was because the Konarak Sun Temple was open. There were thousands of people daily. Up until now, there had been no comparison results.

The absence of any clues put Itavi on the verge of an outburst. Even the years of qi-cultivation were useless.

Disciple Kitawan suddenly arrived behind Itavi. “Teacher, I might have discovered something, but it’s not very useful.”

“What discovery?”

...

Kitawan handed over a stack of photos. On them were Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue, who had disguised themselves with simulation masks.

“The intelligence department’s analysis has discovered that this man and woman had appeared around the temple many times before the incident. Their whereabouts are suspicious, but the intelligence department can’t find any relevant data about them. They highly suspect that these two people are the murderer’s intelligence team,” Kitawan said.

“Investigate. Investigate to the end, no matter the price!” Itavi’s expression was dark.

“This… I’m working hard, but I don’t have any clues yet…”

Itavi was speechless.