Chapter 709 - 709 The Condition Of The Fourth Level Of The Vajra Tide Force Field (2)

709 The Condition of the Fourth Level of the Vajra Tide Force Field (2)

It also meant that the plan that he had planned for many years might be suspended.

At this moment, Itavi was indescribably angry!

“Don’t let me find you. Otherwise, no matter who you are, I will definitely grind your bones into ashes and exterminate your entire family!” The last chance of quickly finding the tricolor octagon body was destroyed. At this moment, Itavi gritted his teeth in hatred. He was about to go crazy.

On Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue’s side, they carefully sensed the tricolor octagon body ten times.

The two of them only heaved a sigh of relief when they did not find any mind power remnant or mental mark after six consecutive checks.

“This thing is a natural storage container for mind power. You’d better bring it along if you want to explore the wasteland, Miss An. When your mind power is depleted, you can extract it immediately in an emergency.”

The process of Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue sensing the tricolor octagon body was also part of the process of them studying the tricolor octagon body. They had a complete understanding of the basic performance of the tricolor octagon body.

“You should keep it. Mr. Ji and Mr. He will definitely prepare a lot of mind power Origin Crystals for me. It’s too risky to use this now,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui understood what An Xiaoxue meant. After all, this was a treasure that the Planetary realm powerhouse, Itavi, regarded as his life. Even though Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue had already swept through the area, no one could guarantee that they had completely eliminated the trump cards that Itavi had left behind.

After all, their cultivation, knowledge, and methods were far inferior to a Planetary realm powerhouse.

“That’s true.” Xu Tui nodded slightly. “If that’s the case, I can only use it as a mind power storage device for the time being. I can’t test its other functions.”

Previously, this tricolor octagon body could absorb the dense energy from the ground and control it. This allowed Xu Tui to have relevant powerful functions. However, these functions could not be tested in this information-shielded room.

“When we reach the extra-terrestrial, I’ll have the chance to let Mr. Ji take a look. Although Mr. Ji is a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, his knowledge and power are infinitely close to that of a planetary-level powerhouse. Once Mr. Ji has checked that there are no problems with this thing, you can use it without worry,” An Xiaoxue said after realizing this.

Xu Tui nodded. That was the only way. For the next period of time, Xu Tui’s main mission was to cultivate and research. Since he had to plan to go to the extra-terrestrial, Xu Tui had a lot of things to do.

The first thing was cultivation.

Xu Tui had obtained a large number of Origin Crystals from the extra-terrestrial during the last Mars battle. These Origin Crystals were only an asset in his hands. Only by using them could he convert them into his own strength.

Xu Tui easily mastered the third level of the Vajra Tide Force Field. With Shen Jiushuang personally using his energy field power to guide Xu Tui’s position and the right preparations, it was not difficult for Xu Tui to activate it with his mind power.

The third level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was called the Tide Surge Force Field.

Xu Tui had seen Cui Xi use it once. In a close-range attack, one had to first use the Vajra Shield or the Vajra Barrier. After a complicated transformation of the power, the enemy’s attack would be turned into another kind of kinetic energy that would surge back.

The enemy’s attacks did not stop. Wave after wave.

After cultivating this level, the third level of the Vajra Tide Force Field had changed from a pure defensive ability to an ability to attack and defend, especially in close combat. This ability was very important to Extreme Branch genetic ancient martial arts cultivators.

However, it was not very useful to Xu Tui. Of course, it could also play a magical role occasionally when he was attacked at close range.

Just as Shen Jiushuang had said, Xu Tui’s Vajra Rebound Shield had become stronger after he mastered the Tide Surge.

Under the superposition of the tidal power, the Vajra Rebound Shield turned into a counterattack. It was a combination of offense and defense, and its effect on defense was even more obvious.

The main effect of the Vajra Barrier was first a group defense. The strong point was a full-body defense. But it is easy to break through a single point. The Vajra Rebound Shield made up for this shortcoming and it could also counterattack.

Xu Tui changed the name of the Vajra Rebound Shield to the Vajra Tide Return Shield. After all, the name of the Vajra Rebound Shield was a little old-fashioned.

As for the fourth level of the Vajra Barrier, Xu Tui even specially went to see Old Master Shen.

According to the old man, as long as a cultivator of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Branch cultivated the fourth level of the Vajra Barrier, they would have the combat power of the Genetic Evolution Realm. If they cultivated the fifth level of the Vajra Barrier, they would have the combat power of the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Moreover, it was one of the stronger ones in the Genetic Transmutation Realm. However, there were two hard conditions for cultivating the fourth level of the Vajra Tide Force Field. The energy field power had to reach a ton per 30 meters and ten tons per 20 meters.

The energy field of the practitioner had to send a ton of weight flying from 30 meters away and 10 tons from 20 meters away. If he did not meet these two requirements, he would not be able to cultivate the fourth level of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

Actually, the most fundamental requirement was that the energy field in a cultivator’s body had to reach an extremely powerful level. According to Old Master Shen, under normal circumstances, it would take at least five years of accumulation to reach this standard. Even a genius who cultivated genetic ancient martial arts would need at least three years.

Xu Tui had not even cultivated for a year.

Xu Tui tested it out himself. The vigor of his energy field was indeed not enough. It was very, very difficult to send a ton of heavy objects flying 20 meters away, let alone 30 meters away.@@novelbin@@

Shen Jiushuang did not specify what would happen to the fourth level of the Vajra Tide. He only said that whoever cultivated it would know. Furthermore, the power that everyone cultivated was different.

It could only be said that the fourth and fifth levels of the Vajra Tide Force Field were the true essence. To put it bluntly, at least 30% of the essence of the 5,000 years of ancient martial arts in Huaxia was gathered in the fourth and fifth levels of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

Moreover, the old man had even mentioned it to Xu Tui.

The fourth and fifth levels of the Vajra Tide Force Field were extremely powerful for the improvement of one’s physique. Although Xu Tui majored in the Mystery Branch, his mind power and physique had never existed alone. They were a combination.

A strong physique did not necessarily mean a strong mind power. However, if his physique was weak, his mind power would definitely not be strong. Moreover, with a strong physique, the recovery speed of mind power would also increase.

In short, the old man only had one meaning. Cultivating the fourth and fifth levels of the Vajra Tide Force Field had a very complementary effect on Xu Tui’s Mystery Branch abilities.

Xu Tui could tell that Old Master Shen hoped that he would not give up on cultivating the Vajra Tide Force Field because of the difficulty. After all, under normal circumstances, it would take four to five years to accumulate. Old Master Shen still hoped that Xu Tui would persist in his cultivation.

Actually, Xu Tui had seen many theories about the complementarity between Old Master Shen’s physique and mind power recently. There were even records of this in Mr. Shang Long’s cultivation notebook in the Research Institute Number 14.

If the five organs were strong, the spirit would be strong. If the five organs withered, the spirit would dissipate.

Xu Tui was good at following the correct opinions.

It was also because of this that Xu Tui began to take the accumulation of energy field power seriously.

Xu Tui had discovered this problem during the actual combat on Mars. His energy field power was consumed rather quickly. The high-intensity attack could not support him for ten minutes. It only needed five to six minutes to exhaust the energy field in Xu Tui’s body.

Moreover, the recovery of his energy field was not fast.

Xu Tui had humbly asked this question before. Within the genetic ancient martial arts, the speed at which energy field power was produced, accumulated, and recovered would become faster and faster after countless cultivation.

However, this was a method that would succeed naturally. There was no quick way. If he persisted in cultivating for more than five years, he would be able to obtain similar gains. If he persisted in cultivating for ten years, he would shock the world.

Shen Jiushuang was prepared to let Meng Sixi focus on cultivating for another three years before going to the extra-terrestrial to train.

However, Xu Tui could also use his own theory to explain this method.

It was the accumulation after years of cultivation. He would slowly strengthen the genetic base points on the large and small genetic ability chains that mainly produced and recovered energy field power to Level 2 silver or even Level 2 genetic ability chains.

However, the problem was that when Xu Tui was on Mars, his Major and Minor Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain had already been strengthened to Level 2. His energy field accumulation and recovery speed had increased, but not too drastically.

During his cultivation, Xu Tui focused his research on this.

...