Chapter 706 - 706 Bounty And Tideflow

706 Bounty and Tideflow

For half a month, the headlines of the major news outlets in the Blue Star Sector were occupied by the temple tragedy. Everyone on the Blue Star knew about it.

The reason why it could last for such a long time was because of the continuous purchase of the murderer by the India Sector and the Planetary realm powerhouse, Itavi.

On the 24th of April, the India Genetic Committee first issued a high bounty of 100 million yuan. They would reward any clue that could effectively track down the murderer with 50 million yuan.

Overnight, the India Sector’s security department received more than a thousand clues. The content was—a joke!

There were even people who pretended to be the murderer and were prepared to turn themselves in. However, before they turned themselves in, the India Genetic Committee had to issue a bounty on their accounts.

There were all kinds of fake intelligence reports, causing the intelligence department of the India Sector to be in a terrible fix. However, they could not let go of these clues casually. What if they were real?

On the 26th of April, after receiving tens of thousands of useless information, the rewards from the India Sector continued. However, the Planetary realm powerhouse, Guru Itavi, issued two rewards in his own name.

Anyone who could provide concrete clues about the temple tragedy would be rewarded with 10 grams of Origin Crystals and 1 gram of mind power Origin Crystals.

Anyone who could provide clues to find the murderer would be rewarded with 50 grams of Origin Crystals and two grams of mind power Origin Crystals. Other than that, Planetary realm powerhouse Itavi could give a spot as a personal disciple. Or, under the premise that there was no danger to the interests of the India Sector and the Blue Star, Planetary realm powerhouse Itavi could take action once.

As soon as this bounty was announced, the entire Blue Star was in an uproar again. This was especially so for the genetic newcomers. They were in an uproar. The high Origin Crystal reward made all the cultivators extremely envious. Some Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivators were even extremely tempted.

The spots for the personal disciple and opportunity for Itavi to take action made the genetic newcomers go crazy.

Currently, he had four personal disciples, but all of them were quasi-planetary-level powerhouses.

In other words, no matter who it was, as long as they could become Itavi’s personal disciple, it meant that they would become a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse in the future.

This time, not to mention Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, even some quasi-planetary-level experts were tempted. Even if they were quasi-planetary-level powerhouses, they could not guarantee that there would be a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse among their children or grandchildren.

Eight days after the incident at the temple, the popularity of the incident escalated again. More than half of the cultivators on the Blue Star were more or less involved in the search and thinking.

On the 27th of April, relevant missions appeared on the Myth Intranet and the Myth Black Market.

At the same time, an explosion and a murder and arson case in St. Louis City in the American Sector also began to appear in public attention. It could be said that both the India Sector and Itavi were using all their strength to track down the murderer.

However, the murderer’s anti-reconnaissance ability was stronger than they had imagined.

After working for a few days, he confirmed three more clues.

The first clue was the image of Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue after they disguised themselves with bionic masks and skin. After a heavy investigation, they analyzed the possible surveillance clues and came to a conclusion after dozens of secret interrogations with the relevant personnel. It was only limited to their height and general size.

The second clue was that they could confirm that the perpetrator was a member of The Myth. The perpetrator had obtained the way to purchase the sanmatosin from another dead member of The Myth.

Itavi even contacted the higher-ups of The Myth through special means, wanting to ask The Myth to open up the black market data. It could only be said that Itavi had become a little muddle-headed because of the Temple tragedy.

The Myths would not do something that destroyed their own foundation. Moreover, the Myth Black Market was established as an infinite random database. Everyone’s code name would not be kept. As long as they were willing, they could change it every time.

In other words, even if the higher-ups of The Myth were stupid and opened the black market database, they would at most be able to find the trading information. They would not be able to lock onto the trader.

The third clue was that there was an extremely professional electronic battle team behind the perpetrator. The intelligence department of the India Sector discovered that many electronic data had been wiped out.

The perpetrator could be an organization!@@novelbin@@

They were all real but useless clues! It was said that because of their anger, Itavi and his disciple had personally killed more than six officials of the India Genetic Committee who were incompetent, deniable, and wrangling.

It caused a huge commotion in the India Genetic Committee. However, it was suppressed by the various parties, especially the India Sector.

…

The attention of the entire Blue Star was focused on the temple tragedy. However, the perpetrator acted as if nothing had happened and studied and researched in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College every day.

On April 30th, Xu Tui arrived at the Research Institute Number 14 on time after he went to the library to complete his three-hour self-study every morning.

As of today, Xu Tui has completed all of the theoretical courses in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He had also dabbled in a lot of extended information. If he were to undergo the graduation thesis debate and combat assessment now, Xu Tui would be able to graduate without any suspense and even obtain the highest score.

“Ah Huang, report the progress,” Xu Tui shouted easily when he arrived at the Research Institute Number 14.

Xu Tui could not be bothered to communicate with Ah Huang with his consciousness in the Research Institute Number 14.

“The three-dimensional multi-shielded room has been completed. The total area of the building is six square meters. It was built on the foundation of the original information-shielded room of the research institute.

“There are three layers of lead alloy shields with different ratios inside. They can effectively block all kinds of information. In addition, the three-dimensional multi-shielded shield room is also equipped with a small-power particle signal jammer. When you enter it, you can already reach a pure silent state,” Ah Huang replied.

“What about the purchasing channels?”

“It was collected from the Genetic Research Institute’s inventory. There are a large number of relevant materials in the Genetic Research Institute itself.”

“What about the cost?”

“The total cost is 27 million. However, because of the construction equipment, it is on the reimbursement list and does not take up the funds of the Research Institute Number 14.”

“Nice.”

If he took some time today, he might be able to study the tricolor octagon body he had obtained from the Konarak Sun Temple.

Xu Tui walked to the door of An Xiaoxue’s research lab after he said. The daily petting series could be considered a huge benefit today. Perhaps one day, he would slowly adapt to it and push his luck. He would become a daily kisser.

“Eh, where is she?”

Xiaoxue was not around.

“Oh, Xiaoxue went to a meeting. She might only be back at night.”

“Where did she go for the meeting?”

“Notification from the Genetic Research Institute.”

Xu Tui looked at the time and suddenly said, “If Xiaoxue comes back, tell her that I’ve already ordered food for her. I’m going to the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association. I won’t be eating with her at noon.”

Shen Jiushuang had been staying at the Capital Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association recently. He had to teach him the third level of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

A person’s name was like the shadow of a tree.

Xu Tui was more or less a small celebrity now. He was even surrounded by a group of senior brothers and junior sisters when he arrived at the Capital Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Association. These senior and junior brothers all knew Xu Tui, but Xu Tui did not know any of them.

In the end, it was Meng Sixi who brought Xu Tui in. On the way to see the teacher, Meng Sixi wanted to say something but hesitated. He opened his mouth a few times before he finally asked.

“Junior Brother Xu, did you really kill an extraterrestrial enemy at the Genetic Evolution Realm?”

...

“Yes.” Xu Tui nodded.

“You’re amazing.” Meng Sixi had an envious expression. “Last year, I also wanted to go to the extra-terrestrial to train. Master had a spot in his hands, but he didn’t give it to me. He didn’t let me go. If I went, I would definitely be able to kill a large number of alien enemies. This year, I must go to the extra-terrestrial to train.”

“How many genetic ability chains has Senior Sixi mutated now?” Xu Tui asked.

“That’s three. I’m on the fourth one now.”

“What about the Vajra Barrier? Have you mastered it?”

“I did, but it hasn’t mutated yet.”

“That’s fine. By the way, have you killed anyone?”

Xu Tui’s sudden change in style made Meng Sixi’s expression freeze. He slowly shook his head. “Junior Brother Xu, is this very important?”

“Senior Brother, you’d better do more than ten clearing missions before going. Otherwise, the possibility of you becoming someone else’s experience point is very high.” After saying that, Xu Tui walked toward Shen Jiushuang, leaving Meng Sixi behind.

“That’s right. I’m relieved to have you give this kid some pointers! The extra-terrestrial is a killing ground. This kid actually thought that it was a cultivation Holy Land.” In the quiet room, Shen Jiushuang shook his head and sighed. It was obvious that he was worried about Meng Sixi. Compared to Xu Tui, Meng Sixi was his true successor.

Shen Jiushuang did not mind Xu Tui’s gift. At his level, the weight of the gift was nothing. The key was that he was very satisfied with Xu Tui’s intentions.

...

After an exchange, Shen Jiushuang observed the progress of Xu Tui’s Vajra Tide Force Field on the spot. He exclaimed repeatedly during the process. It was impossible.

Xu Tui’s current attainments in the Vajra Barrier had long reached the cultivation level of some Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. It was very powerful. The only difference between Xu Tui and the Vajra Barrier of those Genetic Transmutation Realm experts was the vigor of his energy field.

If they defended with all their might, the Vajra Barriers of the Genetic Transmutation Realm experts would be able to last an hour or two.

On Xu Tui’s side, the energy field might be depleted in 15 minutes. Of course, this was a process of accumulation.

Xu Tui did not hold back either. He displayed his mutated Vajra Rebound Shield to Shen Jiushuang, once again shocking him.

“You actually have such good fortune? This Vajra Rebound Shield is similar to the third level of the Vajra Tide Force Field. In fact, after you cultivate the third level, this Vajra Rebound Shield will be strengthened again,” Shen Jiushuang said.

Xu Tui immediately asked Shen Jiushuang many questions during his cultivation. Shen Jiushuang also answered them one by one, which benefited Xu Tui greatly.

“Alright, since you’ve mastered the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field, I’ll teach you the third level today and personally guide you. It should speed up your cultivation time.”

Shen Jiushuang mentioned it himself before Xu Tui could. Xu Tui was extremely grateful. There were only five genetic base points in the third level of the Vajra Tide Force Field. However, every position was extremely tricky. Even with Shen Jiushuang’s strength, he was still sweating profusely when he helped Xu Tui locate the location.

Xu Tui only remembered it after he guided it four times.

“I estimate that you will be able to successfully cultivate the third level in two to three months. The fourth level is the key to cultivation.

“It’s also a true qualitative change in the cultivation of the Vajra Tide Force Field. Contact me after you successfully cultivate it. Although I promised you before, you need to obtain my teacher’s permission before you can obtain the true inheritance,” Shen Jiushuang said.

Xu Tui did not think too much about it. This kind of thing was quite normal. Within genetic ancient martial arts, inheritance was more important.

Xu Tui accompanied Old Master Shen for a meal at noon. They chatted a lot during the meal. It also broadened Xu Tui’s horizons. During this time, Shen Jiushuang even asked Xu Tui if he wanted to cultivate one or two more genetic ancient martial arts.

Xu Tui tactfully refused. He should not bite off more than he could chew.

At four in the afternoon, Xu Tui returned to Research Institute No. 14. He had just entered when he heard Ah Huang’s voice.

“Xu Tui, Xiaoxue asked you to go to a meeting with Bian Yuan immediately after you returned. She has something important to announce.”

“Something important?” Xu Tui walked toward the meeting room with a puzzled expression.