Chapter 711 - 711 Terrifying Cultivation Efficiency (2)

711 Terrifying Cultivation Efficiency (2)

One of the genetic base points in the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain was in the center of his left hand, and this one was beside it. The reason why he chose this was that in the worst-case scenario, his left hand would be broken or even explode. In any case, there was a clone body in the Research Institute Number 14. He could transplant the hand from the clone.

Of course, that was only the most likely scenario.

Origin Crystals were precious. Xu Tui would save as much as he could.

Xu Tui usually used Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs to cultivate when he activated genetic base points. Twenty minutes later, without any danger or discomfort, this genetic base point was activated.

After activating it, Xu Tui tried to cultivate his energy field power to see if there were any changes. He wanted to see if he could change the direction of the energy field when he circulated it to this newly activated genetic base point.

However, when the energy field power circulated to this genetic base point, a magical thing happened.

There was no delay at all when it passed by the Major Heavenly Cycle genetic base point on his left hand, Xu Tui actively controlled his energy field power and circulated it toward the newly developed genetic base point.

What was even more magical was that after the energy field power circulated once, the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain had actually absorbed this genetic base point into the Genetic Ability Chain.

A silver genetic chain passed through the Level 1 white genetic base point. The Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain had become 37!

In an instant, many thoughts and experiments surged in Xu Tui’s mind. Perhaps this was the reason why the various schools of genetic ancient martial arts had different attributes and cultivation speeds when cultivating energy field power?

Xu Tui activated an additional genetic base point related to energy field power in his hand. He was not in a hurry to try out a new idea. Instead, he did many tests.

This test was purely based on Xu Tui’s feelings. Of course, with Xu Tui’s mental perception, this sensory data still had a certain level of authenticity.

Xu Tui used the genetic base point in his left hand as a starting point to activate the Vajra Tide Return Shield. Due to the fact that he had activated an additional genetic base point in his left hand, his speed was slightly faster than the other parts of his body.

It was calculated in milliseconds.

In addition, when the Vajra Barrier on his left hand was hit, the speed at which the energy field replenished was a little faster. It also resulted in the defense of the Vajra Barrier on his left hand to be a little stronger, especially in terms of resistance to continuous attacks.

For example, if the Vajra Barrier of the other body parts was hit by the same intensity, it would cause the Vajra Barrier to crack.

Under such circumstances, if the other party’s attack was focused on the Vajra Barrier on his left hand, the speed at which the Vajra Barrier replenished its energy field would be faster. It might be able to recover.

On the contrary, if the other party was attacked with the same intensity, the Vajra Barrier might completely collapse on the spot. In that case, what if Xu Tui developed a new relevant genetic base point near the 36 genetic base points of the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain? Did this mean that Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier’s resistance and recovery ability would be greatly enhanced?

“If that’s the case, have I found another way to continue strengthening the Vajra Barrier?”

After all, from the start, Xu Tui had only cultivated the energy field and the Vajra Tide Force Field to make up for the Mystery Branch’s shortcomings in close-range defense and increase his chances of survival on the battlefield.

Then, Xu Tui immediately started experimenting.

Near the Genetic Base Points of the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain, there were many Genetic Base Points that had been stimulated by cultivation. It was also very easy to find. In a day and a half, Xu Tui consumed 10 bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs and activated another 35 genetic base points related to energy field power.@@novelbin@@

After cultivating several times, Xu Tui’s Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain had also changed from 36 genetic base points to 72 genetic base points.

What surprised Xu Tui even more was the speed at which his energy field power grew. After the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain was expanded, the strength of the energy field in his dantian increased by about a third with every cycle he cultivated. It did not double. Instead, it increased by a third.

Xu Tui could think of the reason.

The genetic base points from the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain had all been strengthened to Level 2 silver. The new ones were all Level 1 white. However, during the subsequent cultivation process, Xu Tui realized that the genetic base points related to energy field power were different from the Mystery Branch genetic base points.

Mystery Branch genetic base points required a large amount of energy to be stimulated and injected into them to strengthen them to Level 2 silver.

However, genetic base points related to energy field power, which was also the genetic base points of the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain, were an stimulation and strengthening to the relevant genetic base points every time they cultivated.

As long as the cultivation continued, Xu Tui did not need to deliberately strengthen it. He only needed to normalize this cultivation. If it continued, the relevant genetic base points would automatically be strengthened to Level 2 silver.

It might even be strengthened to Level 3 gold in the future. Moreover, the stronger the energy field, the faster the passive strengthening speed. The more genetic base points he had in the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain, the more powerful his energy field would become if he continued to cultivate.

It perfectly formed a virtuous loop.