Chapter 718 - 718 The Way To Survive (2)

718 The Way to Survive (2)

Xu Tui remained silent, but his mind was working at high speed. Had he fallen into a trap or an ambush?

Xu Tui shook his head after he sorted out all the information about his trip to Sea Paradise today. There was no risk of it being leaked. All of his actions were random. Other than An Xiaoxue, he did not tell anyone else.

However, this middle-aged woman seemed to have known that he was coming. She was not anxious at all.

What went wrong?

Suddenly, a thought flashed through Xu Tui’s mind. It might not be that there was a mistake in his operation today, but that the other party had been waiting. She had been waiting for him to come.

“Friend, since you’re already here, why don’t we have a chat? You might have a chance of survival. Besides, I was waiting here with the goodwill of the organization.” The woman’s voice continued to ring out.

Xu Tui caught a few keywords. There was a chance of survival, organization, and waiting!

Was this woman a member of an organization? Was she very confident? She should have been waiting vigilantly by Qi Tong’s side, not that Xu Tui had made a mistake.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief after he determined this information. He tried his best to restrain his mental aura. He activated his mind power and opened the door. He could sense that the moment Xu Tui activated his mind power, the woman’s mind power also fluctuated slightly. She was very vigilant.

She entered the room and closed the door. She looked around the room and stood ten meters away from Xu Tui.

“Let me introduce myself. My nickname is Black Sea Snake. Yes, you did not guess wrongly. I’m a member of the Dawn Salvation Organization and have been guarding this place for almost three months for a certain clue.” The woman’s mind power swept past Xu Tui a few times. There was a look of understanding in her eyes. She was even more confident, but she had never let her guard down. “How should I address you?” The woman looked at Xu Tui.

“Avenger,” Xu Tui blurted out. He had to be careful in the era of big data.

“It looks like you have a grudge against us? Or does the person behind you have a grudge against us? Tell me, why are you targeting us?” Black Sea Snake asked.

“Targeting you?”

Hearing this, Black Sea Snake shook her head. “It seems that you didn’t know from Li Jin that Qi Tong is actually a high-level customer channel contact. Only people with a certain status could obtain Qi Tong’s services. Up until now, Qi Tong had only a limited number of high-level customers. At the moment, Li Jin is the only customer who has problems,” Black Sea Snake said.

“You guarded us here for three months just based on this?”

Hearing this, Black Sea Snake smiled and shrugged. “Of course. What do you think? Otherwise, why would our Dawn Salvation survive for a hundred years under the siege of the six alliances and become stronger?

“It’s because we suspect everything and are careful. Once something happens to Li Jin, no matter who the murderer is, we will first investigate our communication channels with Li Jin. This is our way of survival.”

Xu Tui nodded slightly. Indeed, he had underestimated the Dawn Salvation Organization. He did not expect Dawn Salvation to be so cautious. They had investigated the communication channel with Li Jin and made arrangements just because of the news of his death.

It was indeed extraordinary that he could survive under the siege of the six alliances even though he was a traitor of the Blue Star.

“In that case, the information he knows might have been outdated or changed by you?” Xu Tui pointed at Qi Tong.

“Of course, we are very cautious.”

“Then you didn’t guard here just to let me know how powerful you are, right?”

“Of course not. Our leader, Aurora, is very interested in your group. To be able to kill Li Jin and his guards in such a situation, all of you are either very powerful, or you might have a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse behind you, or the kind that is unknown to the six alliances. How about this? Are you interested in joining us or working with us?” Black Sea Snake smiled.

“What if I’m not interested?”

“Then I’ll achieve another goal.”

“What goal?”

“Clear out the existing and potential dangers!” At this point, Black Sea Snake smiled. “Our boss, Aurora, has always liked to extinguish danger when it’s still in its infancy!”

“Alright, one last question. Since you’ve determined that we have a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse behind us, aren’t you afraid of being destroyed if you guard here alone?” Xu Tui asked with interest. This was also his greatest doubt.

Black Sea Snake was silent for a moment. Xu Tui suddenly reacted. “You were only sent to wait here? A quasi-planetary-level powerhouse doesn’t have the time to wait for so long?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course, but at the same time, there are not many hidden quasi-planetary-level powerhouses.”

“What if?”

“What if? Our Dawn Salvation is not to be trifled with. Quasi-planetary-level powerhouses would not dare to kill us easily. Who doesn’t have relatives and friends, right? Besides, even if he’s a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, if he’s really determined to go against us, the organization will destroy him!” Black Sea Snake said.

“You have a Planetary realm powerhouse?”@@novelbin@@

“What do you think?” Black Sea Snake looked at Xu Tui with a confident smile. “Alright, I’ve talked enough nonsense with you. This is also part of our sincerity. Otherwise, you would have been a living dead the moment I appeared.”

“Is it also to gather information about me? To get me to ask for help and lure out the people behind me?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course.”