Chapter 716 - 716 Warning Or Trap? (2)

716 Warning or Trap? (2)

On the other hand, Xu Tui felt that a senior who cultivated genetic ancient martial arts might have similar problems as him.

For example, because the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts was developed to a deeper level, it would result in insufficient energy supply. They should have a similar solution.

It was safer to solve the problem on the shoulders of his predecessors.

…

Saturday, June 3rd.

Xu Tui drove a rented repulsive-force flying car and appeared in Sea Paradise again.

This was Xu Tui’s second time in Sea Paradise. The last time he came to Sea Paradise was more than half a year ago. The last time he came was to earn money to start his cultivation. This time, Xu Tui was investigating the clues of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization that he had interrogated from Li Jin.

Of course, Xu Tui had also disguised himself when he came out alone.

Itavi and Kitawan were still on the Blue Star. Xu Tui had to be extremely careful. Even if Itavi had not found out that Xu Tui had taken his temple treasure and wiped out more than 300 of his disciples, Kitawan’s disciple, Silus, had carefully set up a surprise attack on Xu Tui. He had a past record. It was hard to guarantee that Itavi or Kitawan would do something similar.

If Xu Tui’s traces were caught by them, and they happened to be on the Blue Star, they might really have a chance to participate in the battle personally. Mr. Ji and Mr. He of the Genetic Miracle were not on the Blue Star. Once they blocked him, not many people would be able to save Xu Tui.

Therefore, Xu Tui was actually extremely careful on this trip. He was as cautious as when he was at the Konarak Sun Temple. It was also because of the return of Itavi and Kitawan that this matter had been delayed until now.

Otherwise, according to the plan, he would have done this after searching for the five auras sensed by the red fire slip. Because these two guys had returned, Xu Tui had retreated until now before carefully coming over to pursue the clues.@@novelbin@@

Sea Paradise was as prosperous as ever. There were more repulsive-force flying cars coming and going in the garage than in any city on the Blue Star. There were rich people, people who enjoyed it, and people who squandered it.

Xu Tui was like an ordinary tourist. He slowly walked around and even ate a meal before slowly arriving near the regular arena.

This target had interacted with Xu Tui before.

The manager of the Sea Paradise Arena, Qi Tong.

The last time Xu Tui came to Sea Paradise, he had tried to persuade Xu Tui to stay because of his battle results. However, Zhuang Ziqiang had rejected him. Later on, he even contacted Zhuang Ziqiang once and invited Xu Tui over to challenge the rankings. He did not contact Xu Tui again after he expressed that he was not free.

In the clues he obtained from interrogating Li Jin, Qi Tong looked like the manager of the Sea Paradise Arena, but he was actually a multi-party intelligence broker.

He would even act as an intelligence relay station for the pirate teams, The Myth, the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization, and other organizations to obtain relevant information. He was an intelligence provider and channel for many organizations.

Qi Tong was also the contact person for the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. The first time Li Jin contacted the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization was from Qi Tong. Even the first time he hired Painted Skin was also connected by Qi Tong. He was a stable contact with the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

He was also a ferocious person!

He had been the manager of the Sea Paradise Arena for at least four years. He had been an intelligence broker and a contact for at least three years. He could not do it without a certain level of means and strength.

Xu Tui tried his best to restrain the fluctuations of his mind power when he stepped into the arena. He could only maintain his mental perception to a certain extent.

On the other hand, Xu Tui did not retract his energy field, nor did he deliberately activate it. If someone sensed or was proficient in perception, they would be able to discover Xu Tui’s aura should be energy field power immediately. Their judgment of Xu Tui should be that he was an Extreme Branch cultivator. Moreover, Xu Tui’s height was very similar.

Xu Tui casually bought some chips for his bet and found a seat near the passageway. He quietly waited for the challenge to begin.

Twenty minutes later, the first challenge began.

With Xu Tui’s current cultivation, it was no longer interesting to watch such a challenge.

However, Xu Tui kept watching. Occasionally, he would place a bet and earn a small sum of money. With Xu Tui’s current judgment, he could accurately determine who would win or lose.

The reason why he had been looking was that Qi Tong, the manager, had not appeared. He waited for an hour and a half. Xu Tui raised his gaze slightly when a new arena lord with five consecutive victories appeared.

Qi Tong had arrived.

Xu Tui frowned slightly when he sensed Qi Tong’s location and his surroundings. This place was not suitable for him to attack. It was not suitable for interrogation. There were too many disruptions and accidents.

Xu Tui had decided to wait for Qi Tong to leave. In order to prevent any accidents, Xu Tui carefully sent an Origin Crystal powder onto Qi Tong’s clothes and waited for him to get off work. There was almost no rest in Sea Paradise. All the entertainment was overnight. However, the arena was not in this sequence.

At 10:30 p.m., Qi Tong left. However, he did not rest. Instead, he went to the casino and stayed there for two hours. He only returned to his room to rest at 1 a.m. He returned to the staff dormitory area of Sea Paradise.

As the manager, Qi Tong had a high-class apartment.

Ten minutes later, after confirming that Qi Tong had entered the room, Xu Tui, who had secretly changed into a waiter’s uniform, quietly infiltrated the staff rest area. As for the security guards and the occasional passersby, they could act as if they did not see Xu Tui with just a little influence.

Ah Huang could not block and control the electronic surveillance, but it did not matter. Xu Tui had gone through a full set of disguises.

To Xu Tui, there was no difference whether there was a lock or not. The moment he entered, he activated advanced hypnosis.

Qi Tong, who had just fallen onto the sofa, was in a daze. He was not immediately hypnotized! He had been specially trained. He activated Spiritual Resonance and Spiritual Concealment at the same time. Only then did Qi Tong fall asleep while struggling in a daze.

Seeing that Qi Tong had fallen asleep, Xu Tui rushed over and put a large lead alloy shield on him.

This time, Xu Tui had come prepared. He did not want Qi Tong to have his head exploded by the fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip before he could ask anything.

The lead alloy shielding hat blocked the signal of the fifth-generation sorcerer’s brainwave radiation control chip. However, at the same time, it also affected Xu Tui’s Radiation Influence ability.

It prevented Xu Tui’s School of Radiation Influence abilities from directly affecting him. However, there was a way to avoid it. He only needed physical contact to solve this problem.

Xu Tui gently tapped his forehead that was exposed under the copper-lead alloy shielding hat with one finger. In an instant, he activated his spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, spiritual concealment, and other abilities.

The moment Xu Tui’s mind power magnetic field enveloped Qi Tong, a faint mental fluctuation was suddenly triggered by one of Qi Tong’s earrings.

“Is this… an extremely cautious warning or a trap?” Xu Tui was stunned.