Chapter 717 - 717 The Way To Survive (1)

717 The Way to Survive (1)

The mind power warning sensory device was a combination of supernatural and technological creations in the Great Genetic Age. As long as it was touched by a certain level of mind power, it would automatically send out a warning signal. Moreover, this was only the most basic function.

Technological creations gave it many types of expansion. For example, a long-range cry for help or the sound of an alarm.

The appearance of the device on Qi Tong’s body surprised Xu Tui. The last time he saw a similar device was on Li Jin.

With Li Jin’s status, it was normal for him to have such a high-end device. After all, not only was the price of this thing extremely beautiful, but it was also extremely rare. It was something that could not be mass-produced.

He was a little surprised that Qi Tong had this.

Of course, Qi Tong, this intelligence broker and a contact of many organizations, was always in the most chaotic vortex. It was not too much to make such preparations.

In that case, was this device a simple warning or a trap?

Xu Tui took out a chip signal device and inserted it into the intranet interface of Qi Tong’s high-end apartment. The security of Sea Paradise was very tight. Even Ah Huang could not enter without a port.

“Ah Huang, can you work now?”@@novelbin@@

“I can only obtain ordinary rights and can mobilize a portion of the surveillance footage and control a portion of the equipment. If you want to obtain another level of authority in a short period of time, you will need to undergo a data attack. It might trigger an alarm,” Ah Huang said.

“You can erase the information, right?”

“It shouldn’t be a problem to be a little violent when you leave, right?”

“Of course.”

“Then there’s no problem.” Ah Huang’s tone was filled with confidence.

“Help me monitor the changes in my surroundings. Select any suspicious candidates or images with your intelligence and report them to me,” Xu Tui said.

“Roger that.”

Xu Tui gently placed his fingertip on Qi Tong’s forehead again. He activated Spiritual Resonance, Spiritual Radiation, and Spiritual Concealment at the same time.

Xu Tui did not know much about Qi Tong. Moreover, he did not know what his intense needs and desires were. He could only observe his subconscious image through his questions and spiritual radiation while he was under hypnosis.

However, Qi Tong had clearly undergone extremely professional anti-hypnosis and anti-interrogation training. Even with Xu Tui’s current Radiation Influence abilities, he was still constantly struggling. He might wake up at any moment. Xu Tui needed to constantly strengthen himself.

As a result, progress has been very slow.

“Someone might be here.” Ah Huang projected an image for Xu Tui. A middle-aged woman was coming in through the employees’ resting passageway. Her motive was unknown.

Just as Xu Tui was about to get Ah Huang to continue paying attention, another strange mental fluctuation suddenly brushed past him and triggered his mental perception. Almost at the same time, surprise appeared on the lips of Xu Tui and the middle-aged woman. Then, a faint smile and confidence appeared on the lips of the middle-aged woman.

“There are warnings and traps?” Xu Tui furrowed his brows.

The mind power of the middle-aged woman just now was very strong. If she did not hold back, her mind power would be close to An Xiaoxue’s. She was most likely a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

The mind power of the members of the Genetic Miracle was far stronger than those of the same level.

No Genetic Transmutation Realm expert could be underestimated by the current Xu Tui. If she attacked at full range, Xu Tui should be able to kill her in a short period of time. However, the commotion would definitely trigger the security system of Sea Paradise.

The security forces in a blood-sucking benefit ground like Sea Paradise were definitely beyond most people’s imagination. Not only were there experts, but there were also a large number of elite security forces and automatic weapons.

Once it was alarmed, not only would Xu Tui be in trouble, but he would also be unable to interrogate Qi Tong.

Just as Xu Tui was hesitating, the middle-aged female Genetic Transmutation Realm expert had already turned into the corridor of Qi Tong’s room. She did not seem to have any intention of attacking. Or was she also worried about the security forces here?

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He was on high alert. He had already condensed the mental hammer and scattered hundreds of earth-element Origin Crystal powder here.

The construction materials and structure of Sea Paradise would restrict the use of Xu Tui’s earth-element superpower to a certain extent.

Ah Huang also took the initiative to release a few extremely slender bionic poisonous ants and entered a corner to lie low.

Xu Tui was slightly shocked when he saw Ah Huang’s cooperative and humane actions.

Autonomous consciousness.

This cooperation meant that Ah Huang, an advanced artificial intelligence, already had its own consciousness.

It had an autonomous consciousness, a fundamental emotion, and a spirit. If it did not consider the problem of its body, then Ah Huang, this high-level artificial intelligence, could become a human!

The red light radiation from the red fire slip had modified and enhanced Ah Huang much more than Xu Tui had imagined.

Bang! Bang!

There was a knock on the door. The middle-aged woman was already standing outside Qi Tong’s room.

Xu Tui did not move. He quietly listened and waited for the middle-aged woman’s next move. He was on full alert and was prepared to attack at any time. Outside the door, she sensed the aura inside the door, but there was no movement. The middle-aged woman smiled again.

“Friend, I know that you’re inside. There’s a high chance that Manager Qi has been controlled by you. I also know your goal, but don’t be afraid. We can actually talk,” the middle-aged woman said in a small but clear voice.