Chapter 713 - 713 Crimson Radiation

713 Crimson Radiation

Anyone would be worried or even afraid if they were to drive on a road that no one knew the end of or the direction of or what they would encounter in the future in the dark of the night.

This was Xu Tui’s current state. He had already developed a huge fear because of his cultivation progress in genetic ancient martial arts.

Currently, a year of cultivation was equivalent to ten years of cultivation by Senior Brother Meng Sixi. A few months later, a year of cultivation was equivalent to 20 years of cultivation by Senior Brother Meng Sixi!

This cultivation efficiency was too terrifying! It was so terrifying that Xu Tui was afraid. He was afraid that there might be problems with his cultivation efficiency.@@novelbin@@

Moreover, Xu Tui could continue to increase the efficiency of his training. If he continued to improve, what Xu Tui would obtain in the future might be what an ordinary genetic ancient martial artist would obtain after 30 years of bitter cultivation.

The key was, would there be any problems if he continued to activate it? Would it affect his body and the entire genetic chain?

Xu Tui felt that he had to take his time. The main reason why he had to slow down and stop developing genetic base points related to the energy field was that Xu Tui had also discovered a problem. His appetite had increased. It was more than three times that of before. If he did not replenish his energy with the Energy Restoration Elixir, he would have to eat a meal every three hours. Otherwise, he would be famished!

Of course, Xu Tui could withstand it with his willpower. However, the consequence of enduring hunger was that cultivating the energy field was ineffective. Moreover, his mind power would be affected to a certain extent when he was starved.

Under such circumstances, in order not to waste too much time, Xu Tui ate four to five meals a day. At the same time, he replenished two Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs a day.

Only then could he satisfy his body’s needs and would have effective cultivation.

Fortunately, Xu Tui was rich now. Otherwise, he would have died of poverty before he died since he would have eaten more than 100,000 dollars a day.

As a result, Xu Tui did not dare to activate it again. If this continued, Xu Tui would either obtain another breakthrough or bring him irreversible side effects.

Of course, the benefits were also huge. Other than the height and figure mentioned previously, the replenishment speed of the energy field of Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier had tripled. The energy field power that could surge into the Vajra Barrier had increased by nearly ten times.

At the same time, Xu Tui realized that his overall reaction speed had increased greatly. His overall reaction speed had always been much slower than his reflexes. For example, if you realized that you should wave your hand to avoid danger, but your body had to be a little slower to respond to this command.

But now, it was fast!

Although it did not synchronize with his reaction speed, his overall reaction speed was twice as fast as before. He did not need to use Time Distortion to dodge the bullets within ten meters. Other than that, there was also a small increase in the recovery ability, strength, and even speed of the wound.

After the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain expanded by ten times, it seemed to have improved Xu Tui in all aspects.

Xu Tui made a serious suggestion to An Xiaoxue in the Research Institute Number 14.

“Xiaoxue, if you want to explore the wasteland, I strongly recommend that you cultivate the Vajra Tide Force Field of the genetic ancient martial arts. In that case, your survivability on the battlefield will increase exponentially, and your defenses will be more diverse.”

An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui gently, but she shook her head firmly. “I know what you want to say. However, there’s one thing I know, and that’s my limits. I’m inferior to you in terms of cultivation talent. Cultivating the Vajra Tide Force Field would definitely increase my survivability on the battlefield.

“However, my goal and direction is to be precise! It was just like studying and researching. As long as one worked hard in one direction and continuously worked hard, they would be able to obtain breakthrough results. If he dabbled in too many fields, he would only become ordinary in the end.

“To be honest, I’ve seen too many students and scientists like this. Therefore, I only cultivate mind power and a few abilities of the Genetic Miracle!” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was shocked when he heard that. An Xiaoxue’s words were really educational to him. Only focusing on one path. Seeing Xu Tui’s expression, An Xiaoxue added, “Of course, in the path of cultivation, focusing on one path is suitable for a portion of people. However, even I had to pay attention to the combination and system of my abilities.

“Moreover, your cultivation speed completely exceeds that of others. There’s no doubt that if I didn’t maintain my focus on one path, I would have long been unqualified to be your teacher.”

“Teacher?” Xu Tui suddenly raised his eyebrows and grabbed An Xiaoxue’s small hand domineeringly.

“Of course. I’m definitely your teacher here.” An Xiaoxue domineeringly broke free from Xu Tui’s hand. A silver needle had already appeared by Xu Tui’s earlobe. Xu Tui was confused.

The last time they searched for the direction of the Fire Slip, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion had been strengthened to her maximum endurance after the mutation. This ability had become very terrifying.

Not only was it even stranger and unpredictable, but some small objects made of special materials, such as the needle-shaped flying sword, could also be used to perform Dimensional Explosion.

It was extremely powerful.

Xu Tui suddenly acted shamelessly when he saw the confident An Xiaoxue. He grabbed An Xiaoxue’s small hand again at lightning speed and clenched his fist tightly. “I’m not afraid. We’ll talk after you explode.”

“You…!” An Xiaoxue was so angry that she laughed. She put away the silver needle and the flying sword. She leaned forward and wrapped her arms around Xu Tui’s waist. She hugged him gently and said gently, “Is this enough?”

“Sigh!” Xu Tui let out a long sigh of frustration.

What was the most powerful weapon in this world?

It was gentleness!

It was a woman’s gentleness!

...

It was worth mentioning that Xu Tui’s research on the Red Fire Slip had finally made a breakthrough.

After swallowing a large amount of dense energy at the Konarak Sun Temple, the crimson flame in Xu Tui’s mind became bright red. Under his introspection, it was like a red pearl floating in Xu Tui’s mind.

An extremely faint red light enveloped Xu Tui’s entire body.

This extremely faint red light that was difficult to see with the naked eye was not like the red light that was emitted when he absorbed the dense energy previously. It could directly increase and strengthen Xu Tui’s genetic ability chain. However, it enveloped his entire body and made him feel very comfortable.

The specific function was unknown. However, at least it was not in a half-dead state like before. Other than that, Xu Tui’s mind power continued to enter the red fire slip during the five times it absorbed the dense energy.

Currently, Xu Tui’s mind power could also sink into the Fire Slip. The range was not large. It was very small. However, based on the fluctuations when the red flame absorbed the dense energy, Xu Tui could temporarily activate the red light with his mind power.

He had discovered several times that his related abilities would be greatly enhanced under the radiation of this red light.

Previously, in order to absorb the dense energy, the red fire slip had taken the initiative to release a red light to increase Xu Tui’s related abilities. The increase, especially the increase in mental perception, had once reached four times.

Now that Xu Tui thought about it, the reason why he could easily smash the mental figure of Itavi with his mental hammer in the underground of the temple was very likely because he had the enhancement of the Red Fire Slip.

Currently, the red light radiation from the fire slip that Xu Tui had actively activated was naturally far inferior to what it had activated. The quantity and energy level were much weaker.

The powerful red light radiation from before was full-body.

Currently, Xu Tui could only activate a wisp of red light. The amount could only illuminate Xu Tui’s single genetic ability chain.

On top of the red light, the power of Xu Tui’s genetic ability chain would be greatly enhanced.

After so many days of testing, Xu Tui could basically confirm that he had actively activated the red light radiation from the fire slip and guided it into a certain genetic ability chain. The power of this genetic ability chain could at most double.

For example, his mental perception. The current distance was 1,310 meters. Under the red light radiation of this fire slip, his perception distance could increase to more than 2,600 meters. However, it could not last long. The red light radiating from the fire slip could only last for five seconds. Five seconds later, he could only activate it again.

According to Xu Tui’s test data over the past few days, he could only actively activate the fire slip three times a day.

After three times, it would not move no matter how much mind power he injected. However, there was still an exception. If Xu Tui used a large number of Origin Crystals, at least ten grams, to cultivate after activating the fire slip three times, he would be able to activate it again.

Xu Tui had accidentally discovered this. How should he put it? This red light radiation was very powerful!

In the tests that could already be carried out, be it the speed and power of the flying sword, the Mountain Formula, the Earth Spike, the Water Puppet, or the Water Explosion Technique, their power had almost multiplied.

Xu Tui did not dare to try the mental hammer. After his mental hammer and mental vibrating whip absorbed a large amount of dense energy in the temple, his genetic base points had all reached Level 3 gold.

Although it had not been completely strengthened into a Level 3 genetic ability chain, its power had greatly increased. If the red light from the fire slip doubled its power, Xu Tui would not be able to cry if An Xiaoxue was blasted out by the hammer.

With just the initial discovery of this function, the red fire slip was definitely a treasure. It was a treasure that had never appeared in the current technological research. Moreover, Xu Tui believed that the function of the red fire slip was definitely more than that.

Of course, if he wanted to continue developing the new functions of the red fire slip, he would probably have to find a large amount of dense energy to nourish it.

As for the tricolor octagon body that he had snatched from Itavi, it had become a little useless because of the discovery of the red fire slip.

After all, the tricolor octagon body was something that the red fire slip despised.