Chapter 710 - 710 Terrifying Cultivation Efficiency (1)

710 Terrifying Cultivation Efficiency (1)

The prerequisite for cultivating the energy field power of genetic ancient martial arts was divided into Major and Lesser Heavenly Cycle genetic ability chains. He still had to activate another 18 genetic base points in the Lesser Heavenly Cycle if he wanted to reach the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain.

In fact, after these 36 genetic base points were achieved, they would be collectively called the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain.

According to the information inside the genetic ancient martial arts, the various schools and genetic base points in the genetic ancient martial arts were exactly the same. In other words, the foundation of all genetic ancient martial arts was the same.

This was a conclusion that Cheng Fengxi, the founder of genetic ancient martial arts, had come up with after more than ten years of research with various experts. It was said that among the seven planetary-level powerhouses in the Huaxia Sector, Li Qingping had first cultivated the universal 36-point Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain.

There was no problem with the cultivation technique.

However, Xu Tui had investigated a lot of information about genetic ancient martial arts, even some of the relevant information in the Huaxia Genetic Research Institute that had not been made public, as well as some long-term tracking research targets. (Xu Tui’s current position as a senior researcher and low-grade Level B rights allowed him to access a lot of undisclosed information.)

Xu Tui realized that although they were both cultivating the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain, the strength of the cultivator would begin to differentiate a year later.

Two years later, the focus of a cultivator’s energy field would gradually become different. There was no artificial interference.

Of course, the reason could be categorized as the cultivator’s talent being different. However, according to the other unpublished information of the Genetic Research Institute, the energy field power cultivated by the disciples of the genetic ancient martial arts was surprisingly uniform.

For example, Li Qingping’s lineage, which was passed down by Cheng Fengxi, was born from the ancient martial arts, Taiji. The characteristics of the energy field were vigor, softness, recovery, and toughness.

There were other similar schools.

There must be a secret behind this.

However, Xu Tui had read a lot of information. He had even read up on the genetic ancient martial arts recorded in the Myths. He had made many discoveries and ideas, but he could not find a corresponding method.

In the end, Xu Tui turned his gaze toward his body.

Studying himself!

He studied the changes in the energy field in his body and the changes in the 36 Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain.

Xu Tui made a different discovery in just a few days with his illusory introspection and his extreme microscopic perception. Due to his illusory introspection, Xu Tui clearly saw the process of producing energy field power through the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain.

The 36 genetic base points that had been activated were a little like 36 seeping wells. A portion of the well water would seep out every day. When cultivating the energy field power, the energy field power could take away a portion of the seeping well water and strengthen the energy field power.

Cultivating for at most half an hour a day would allow him to take away all the energy field power accumulated in the relevant genetic base points to strengthen his body.

Taking the Energy Restoration Elixir or eating a large amount of food could slightly speed up the recovery of the energy field power of the depleted genetic base points. However, there was an upper limit to this recovery speed.

No matter how much you ate, it still required a time process. It could be said that under such circumstances, the density of the energy field in the bodies of genetic ancient martial arts cultivators was basically the same.

However, in reality, the difference was huge.

After careful comparison and observation, Xu Tui realized that during the cultivation process, when the energy field power circulated through the genetic base point of the Major Heavenly Cycle, there were several genetic base points around it that would produce a certain level of vibration.

The degree of vibration varied depending on the distance.

The genetic base points closest to the 36 Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Base Points actually produced an extremely slight rhythm and expansion. Some of the relevant genetic base points had already reached a certain level.

Xu Tui, who had been researching himself, had long known that the rhythm and expansion of his genetic base points meant that this genetic base point was being stimulated by the relevant power and was in the process of being developed.

In reality, Xu Tui had never actively developed these genetic base points. In other words, because of the cultivation of energy field power, these genetic base points were being passively developed.

According to the rhythm and expansion speed triggered by his cultivation, Xu Tui should be able to passively activate one or two genetic base points after cultivating his energy field for half a year to a year.

Could it be that the huge difference in strength between late-stage genetic ancient martial arts cultivators originated from this kind of cultivation? Or rather, the core descendants of the genetic ancient martial arts school might have some ways to actively activate the relevant genetic base points.

At this moment, Xu Tui roughly realized that although Shen Jiushuang had taken him in as a disciple, he should still be holding back.

Of course, this was also a normal situation. After all, genetic ancient martial arts was still the most important cultivation method in Huaxia or even the entire Blue Star.

“In that case, should I speed up this process in advance?”@@novelbin@@

It was not difficult for Xu Tui to do this with the combination of illusory introspection and concentration. The only trouble was the possible dangers during the development process. However, with the danger scale that Luo Shifeng had concluded, it was not a big problem.

The first thing he tried was a genetic base point in his left palm.