Chapter 715 - 715 Warning Or Trap? (1)

715 Warning or Trap? (1)

Xu Tui had joined The Myths with the title of Worldly. Other than the two benefits he obtained from being a high-level codename member and the designated category information in the Level A database, the most important thing was to obtain a set of pioneering information and positioning cultivation materials for a genetic ability chain.

The most difficult for most of the genetic ability chains was the positioning of the genetic base points.

Shi Hong provided Xu Tui with two choices. They were both genetic ability chains with superpowers. According to Shi Hong, this information and the cultivation materials related to positioning were priceless.

It could be said to be the most cutting-edge and practical genetic ability chain in the entire Blue Star.

One ability was called petrification. It was a little like the gaze of the Medusa in Western myths and legends. When one’s mind power reached a certain range, they could turn the target’s body into stone.

In fact, it was a rare earth-element superpower. In the beginning, it was essentially to put a layer of stone on the enemy and connect it to the stone on the ground to achieve the goal of trapping the enemy.

The expert who developed this ability predicted that if one cultivated it to the extreme, they might be able to turn the enemy into stone in an instant, then disintegrate and complete the instant kill.

The second ability was a plant-type superpower. It was a little strange and ferocious. It was called a plant spirit. After cultivating it, he could instantly devour all the life force and energy of the plants in a certain range into his body to replenish himself.

The direction of cultivation in the later stages was that if one could cultivate a powerful plant-type superpower, they could let the enemy’s body grow small plants, then instantly devour them and kill the enemy.

Even without the superpower of plant mutation and growth, just devouring the life force and energy of plants made it very valuable. It could be said that with this genetic ability, as long as there were many plants, such as in the forest, he would be almost invincible. As long as he was not killed in one go, he would not be killed with his recovery ability.

To be honest, these two genetic abilities were quite valuable and novel, especially the second, plant spirit. Unfortunately, it did not complement Xu Tui’s current ability system. It was almost as if he had created another ability branch.

It wasn’t that it would be better when there are more genetic ability chains. The more he activated, the greater the consumption of energy in the later stages of his cultivation. If the genetic ability chain wasn’t strengthened, its power was naturally average.

It was also because the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain was a genetic ability chain that could strengthen itself during the cultivation process. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have been worried sick. Strengthening all 360 genetic base points to Level 3 gold required a terrifying 7,000 Origin Crystals.

The petrification ability was a little compatible with Xu Tui’s earth-element superpower. It was also quite practical. He could use the Petrification Technique to trap the target for a moment, then shoot him in the head with his sword. It was a fatal blow!

However, this ability was essentially an earth-element superpower. It was an earth-element superpower from the inside out. Not only did he need mind power and related genetic ability chains, but he also needed to cultivate earth-element superpowers.

Eliminated!

However, this petrification ability gave Xu Tui a certain level of inspiration.

Xu Tui could use his instantiation to conjure earth-element superpowers. The essence of the School of General Senses was to visualize! In theory, anything that could be thought of could be materialized as long as it really existed in the world.

Of course, in theory, instantiation was actually quite difficult.

However, Xu Tui had already reached the Lesser Mastery stage of the original quantum frequency of the mountain. If he were to materialize the ability of petrification, he would directly surpass the first step of the initiation.

He could directly attempt to materialize it.

If this petrification ability was as awesome as the information said, it could directly petrify the enemy and shatter it. In theory, Xu Tui could also do it through the ability of the School of General Senses.

Xu Tui was not interested in the cultivation materials and resources provided by The Myth. In fact, these two genetic ability chains were more suitable for beginners. Of course, it was not a waste for Xu Tui to not use it.

The Myths would always give Xu Tui a chance to keep a full set of cultivation materials and resources for his genetic ability chain as long as he confirmed it.

Xu Tui first checked the relevant information about the genetic ability chain that The Myth had given Cheng Mo.

To be honest, the information about Cheng Mo’s genetic ability chain suited Xu Tui’s current needs. Not only could it purify the energy in the food it consumed and increase the absorption rate, but it also had a storage function similar to a dimensional space.

This ability was not only powerful, but it was also extremely practical.

Unfortunately, the Myth database stated that there had to be genetic base points related to the stomach. Otherwise, it would be impossible to locate it.

Then, Xu Tui checked the abilities and methods of activating the Devour Genetic Ability Chain that he could see in the Myths’ information. There was some information, but it was useless. It was not good.@@novelbin@@

For example, one of the methods to activate digestive-type genetic base points in the stomach was to eat like crazy and then exercise crazily to consume energy. There was a one-third chance that one could activate digestive-type genetic base points in the stomach after repeating this process for one to three months.

Whether it was the time, method, or probability, they did not meet Xu Tui’s lowest expectations. In the end, Xu Tui temporarily put aside the idea of trying this out.

It would be troublesome if Xu Tui activated the wrong genetic base points and ate more than 20 meals a day.