Chapter 714 - 714 Final Preparation

714 Final Preparation

Strengthening a Level 1 white genetic base point to Level 2 silver would only require absorbing 1.5 grams of Origin Crystals. Based on this algorithm, Xu Tui once felt that the kilogram of Origin Crystals that he obtained in the Mars battlefield was a lot.

It was really a lot!

Xu Tui did not even feel much when he obtained the 50 grams of Origin Crystals from Li Jin’s treasury after he killed him.

However, when Xu Tui took the initiative to strengthen the Level 2 genetic base points in his body to Level 3 golden genetic base points, he suddenly realized that the consumption seemed to be a little high.

This consumption speed was much faster than he had imagined.

Strengthening a Level 2 silver genetic base point to Level 3 gold consumed 15 to 20 times more energy than strengthening it from Level 1 to Level 2.

Most of the Level 2 genetic ability chains in Xu Tui’s body had been illuminated by the red light of the red fire slip. Although it had only been a short time, the genetic ability chains in his body were strengthened very quickly under the light of the red fire slip. The genetic ability chains in his body had been developed to a certain extent.

Currently, Xu Tui has tested that the consumption of his genetic base points from Level 2 to Level 3 was about 17 times that of Level 1 to Level 2. At this rate, Xu Tui would need to consume an average of 25 grams of Origin Crystals to strengthen a Level 2 genetic base point to Level 3.

In the beginning, Xu Tui had been ambitious enough to strengthen all the 72 genetic base points of the Great Genetic Ability Chain to Level 3 Gold.

In that case, Xu Tui’s mind power would greatly increase. If his mind power increased explosively on the current foundation, it would probably become extremely terrifying and powerful.

However, he had only cultivated it for a few days. Xu Tui calculated with his genius-level arithmetic. It was not enough. He did not have enough Origin Crystals at the moment. It would be best if he could strengthen 40 genetic base points to Level 3 gold.

Not counting the tenfold increase in the number of genetic base points in the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain, the number of other genetic base points in Xu Tui’s body had long exceeded 200.

According to this calculation, the gap was huge.

However, he was not in a hurry.

According to his current theoretical research and the various information he found, the level of the genetic ability chain was also highly related to the strength of the genetic newcomers. The Genetic Liberators who had just started cultivating had only activated many Level 1 genetic base points.

The second stage of his cultivation was that of a genetic mutant. The base genetic ability chain was still a level-one white genetic ability chain. However, after the genetic chain underwent a mutation, the genetic chain structure in his body became more stable and did not collapse easily.

For example, in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, most students could complete the advancement from the Genetic Liberation Realm to the Genetic Mutation Realm within one to two years.

The third stage of cultivation was the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Xu Tui believed that a cultivator at the Genetic Evolution Realm would definitely have their genetic base points strengthened to Level 2 silver. At least one genetic ability chain had been strengthened to Level 2 silver genetic ability chain.

Xu Tui had obtained a large amount of long-term tracking research data through his status as a senior researcher. He realized that under normal circumstances, it would take at least three years to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Three years was in line with Xu Tui’s research theory.

For many geniuses, three years of bitter cultivation could completely strengthen their main genetic ability chain to Level 2 silver.

In that case, a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert, who was at the fourth stage of their cultivation, should have one to two Genetic Ability Chains of Genetic Base Points at Level 3 gold or had been strengthened to Level 3 gold Genetic Ability Chains.

This time it took ten years at the very least.

According to this research theory, if Xu Tui could strengthen one or two genetic ability chains into a level-three gold genetic ability chain, would that mean that he had the combat power of the Genetic Transmutation Realm?

Of course, many of the factors were very complicated. This was only Xu Tui’s guess.

Liberation, mutation, evolution, and transmutation. Each of these four realms was actually an increase in the level of life or essence.

Xu Tui had to complete the next two realms personally in order to perfect his theory.

Xu Tui had wanted to start the accumulation of the Genetic Evolution Realm now to prepare to quickly break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

After all, in theory, Xu Tui’s genetic ability chain level was enough. However, in both the information and An Xiaoxue’s explanation, Xu Tui had to wait three months after he was administered with the last genetic mutation elixir before he could begin to advance toward the Genetic Evolution Realm.

The reason was very simple. Although the genetic mutation elixir seemed to have been completed in a short period of time, it was a long-term process of strengthening the human body and the genetic chain.

This process took about three months.

If he did not wait for this process to be completed and began to attempt genetic evolution, it was very likely that this genetic ability chain would become the weakest shortcoming. It might cause the genetic ability chain to collapse.

The last time Xu Tui had used the Genetic Mutation Elixir was early April.

At that time, Xu Tui had just obtained the cultivation notes of the teachers in the School of General Senses from Qu Qingshan. He had cultivated the Water Explosion Technique and casually injected the genetic mutation elixir.

Based on this date, Xu Tui would only be able to attempt genetic evolution at the beginning of July.

Based on the time, he could only proceed on the path of genetic evolution when he reached the extra-terrestrial. After all, breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm was not something that could be done overnight.

It was also because of this thought that Xu Tui calmed down. He was not in a hurry to strengthen all the genetic base points in his body to Level 3 gold.

How long had he been cultivating? How long had those Genetic Transmutation Realm experts been cultivating?

He would take his time. There was no hurry!

In the end, Xu Tui strengthened 20 of the 72 genetic base points in the Great Genetic Ability Chain to Level 3 gold. A third of the genetic base points overlapped with the mental perception genetic ability chain.

Xu Tui’s mind power had also increased to a certain extent. The range of his mental perception had also increased to 1,460 meters. Among them, it was partly because his mind power had increased, and partly because the seven genetic base points in his mental perception had been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

Xu Tui considered the remaining Origin Crystal cultivation choices.@@novelbin@@

First, he strengthened the main genetic base points of the six genetic ability chains, namely the mind power magnetic field, spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, advanced hypnosis, spiritual concealment, and spiritual magnetic pillar, to level three gold.

When the main genetic base point was strengthened to Level 3 gold, the power of the relevant genetic ability chain would increase by at least 10%.

The reason he did this was that Xu Tui had realized during the actual combat that the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence had an extremely important strategic significance. There was a fundamental reason why the current School of Radiation Influence had not completely explored the strategic and tactical significance of these abilities.

Currently, the combat radius of the cultivators of the School of Radiation Influence, which was the range of their mental perception, was too small. They were generally dozens of meters wide.

Xu Tui felt that Professor Song Zhenglin only had a radius of 100 to 200 meters. If he wanted to increase the strategic significance of the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence, he had to have a large range of mental perception. The larger the range, the more valuable it was.

Xu Tui had already found the time to tell Professor Song Zhenglin about this.

Xu Tui’s opinion was that cultivators of the School of Radiation Influence had to put their mental perception and mind power together as their main cultivation direction. Only then could they completely unleash the control of the School of Radiation Influence.

Xu Tui chose his defense in the next direction of strengthening his Level 3 genetic base points.

Xu Tui had been very cautious along the way from Jincheng Prefecture to school.

Survival first!

The characteristic of the Mystery Branch’s defense was that it was fast, but not strong. Xu Tui’s current defense mainly relied on the Vajra Barrier of the Vajra Tide Force Field. The Vajra Barrier’s current resistance to continuous attacks was very strong, but its strength could not be increased in a short period of time.

On the contrary, the defense of the Vajra Tide Return Shield was far stronger than the Vajra Barrier.

The Vajra Barrier was a full-body defense. On the other hand, the Vajra Tide Return Shield would be Xu Tui’s main defensive method for taking on major super-strong attacks in the future.

Moreover, the Vajra Tide Return Shield was the prerequisite genetic ability chain for the Vajra Barrier. Strengthening the genetic base points of the Vajra Tide Return Shield was equivalent to strengthening the Vajra Barrier.

In the end, Xu Tui strengthened six of the genetic base points in the Vajra Tide Return Shield to Level 3 gold. Including the Vajra Tide Return Shield that he had strengthened previously, a third of it had been strengthened to Level 3 gold. Its defense had increased again.

Then, Xu Tui strengthened the remaining seven genetic base points of the Mountain Formula to Level 3 gold.

Including the main genetic base point of the Mountain Formula that he had strengthened and mutated previously, Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula genetic ability chain had become the second genetic ability chain in his body that had his genetic base points strengthened to level-three gold.

At this moment, Xu Tui recalled the extremely dangerous feeling he had when he wanted to strengthen the mental whip genetic ability chain to level-three gold.

With a thought, Xu Tui tried the genetic ability chain of the mental whip again.

The inexplicable huge fear that had appeared in his heart when he wanted to strengthen it was gone. However, there was still a faint sense of danger.

Xu Tui could not determine if it was because there was no dense energy or if it was because he had recently strengthened dozens of genetic base points to Level 3 gold. Therefore, Xu Tui gave up again after trying it out. It was mainly because he did not have enough Origin Crystals now. He would try to strengthen a portion of his genetic base points to Level 3 gold after he went to the extra-terrestrial and obtained more Origin Crystals.

However, Xu Tui’s training did not stop.

Xu Tui kept 30 grams of Origin Crystals of the earth attribute and water attribute each. He had consumed the other Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui used the remaining Origin Crystals to strengthen the main genetic base point and the second genetic base point of the Stab Formula to Level 3 gold.

At this point, the large number of Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had earned from the Mars battle had been used up.

Even so, Xu Tui still had a lot of individual contribution points. This was also a considerable amount of cultivation resources. But individual contribution points could only be exchanged for the most suitable cultivation resources in the extra-terrestrial.

Within the Blue Star, Xu Tui could exchange it with his current authority. However, the transit time was too long, and the handling fees were more expensive. It was not worth it.

Xu Tui preferred to be meticulous.

At this point, Xu Tui was almost done with his preparations for the Extra-terrestrial.

There were only two things left.

The first was the cultivation choice of a genetic ability chain that he had obtained from The Myth when he joined it. Moreover, that was not all Xu Tui’s thoughts.

Currently, Xu Tui’s appetite has increased drastically due to the expansion of the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain by ten times. Xu Tui wanted to see if he could find genetic base points related to increasing the absorption of energy like Cheng Mo’s ability from the Myths.

The other was a clue about the Blue Star Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

Previously, when Xu Tui was interrogating Li Jin after the advanced hypnosis, he had gotten about two clues that might come into contact with the Blue Star Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. One of them was on the Blue Star.

Xu Tui wanted to see if he could use this opportunity to track down Painted Skin Feng Qian.