Chapter 712 - 712 Terrifying Cultivation Efficiency (3)

712 Terrifying Cultivation Efficiency (3)

Three days later, the number of genetic base points that Xu Tui had looped into the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain had increased to 108. The Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain successfully became the largest genetic ability chain in Xu Tui’s body. The effect was also very shocking. With every cultivation, the speed at which his energy field increased had doubled.

Currently, Xu Tui’s cultivation results were twice compared to before.

If he used Senior Brother Meng Sixi or an ordinary genetic ancient martial arts cultivator as a reference, the effect of Xu Tui’s cultivation might be equivalent to Senior Brother Meng Sixi cultivating three times.

A year of cultivation was equivalent to three years of cultivation. Cultivating for a month was equivalent to cultivating for three months.

However, Xu Tui felt that this speed of improvement was not enough.

On the 10th of May, the number of genetic base points in Xu Tui’s Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain reached 144. Every time Xu Tui activated it, he would use the 36 main genetic base points of the initial Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain as he activated the genetic base points around them.

On the 13th of May, this number reached an astonishing 180!

On the 15th of May, this number rose to 226.

On the 21st of May, the number of genetic base points in Xu Tui’s Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain reached a terrifying 360.

The number was ten times that of before! The time it took to cultivate once increased from 15 to 20 minutes to an hour. It did not increase tenfold.

Xu Tui could tell that as the number of genetic base points in his Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain increased, the circulation of his energy field during his cultivation was like a surging torrent. There was a faint feeling of a large river circulating in his body.

What was even more shocking was that Xu Tui’s height had increased by five cm in just 20 days. He reached a shocking 1.86 meters! He had become slightly thicker and had gained 30 pounds. As he had grown taller, he still did not look like a bear.

However, if he took off his clothes and looked in the mirror, he would definitely have a standard waist and back. He would be extremely stylish when he wore clothes!

Handsome!

Of course, the most important thing was the changes in his cultivation. With Xu Tui as the point, the increase in his energy field power was about five times that of before.@@novelbin@@

Cultivating for a month now was equivalent to five months in the past. With Senior Brother Meng Sixi as a reference, the cultivation efficiency ratio was about ten times that of theirs! A year of Xu Tui’s cultivation was equivalent to ten years of theirs.

That was not all.

The energy field power of the 360 Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Energy Chain was like a torrent when he cultivated. It also multiplied the degree of stimulation as they flowed through the relevant genetic base points.

In less than 20 days, Xu Tui felt that the 37th genetic base point he had developed had been strengthened to Level 2 silver. If Xu Tui’s newly activated 324 genetic base points were all strengthened to Level 2 silver after a few months of cultivation, his cultivation speed would double again.

It would increase his cultivation speed by ten times. It was 20 times that of Senior Brother Meng Sixi!

Cultivating for a year was equivalent to cultivating for 20 years for an ordinary genetic ancient martial arts cultivator. This cultivation efficiency would increase as the energy field became more powerful.

The cultivation efficiency was a little terrifying!

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui felt that he might only need two to three months to fulfill the requirements of cultivating the third level of the Vajra Tide Force Field that Shen Jiushuang had mentioned.

The energy field could reach a ton at the 30th meter, and 10 tons at the 20th meter. Other than that, Xu Tui also made a discovery that gave him a headache. During his training and research on the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Energy Chain, Xu Tui realized that even though the number of genetic base points had reached a terrifying 360, during the cultivation process, more genetic base points were activated and developed passively.

In other words, the number of genetic base points in the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain, which had already reached 360 genetic base points, could still increase again.