Chapter 719 - 719 The Way To Survive (3)

719 The Way to Survive (3)

“You’re also waiting for reinforcements? Is it also to stall for time for the people behind me and your reinforcements to arrive?” Xu Tui asked again.

Black Sea Snake was slightly stunned. She praised slightly, “Impressive! Join us. Even if the people behind you are unwilling, you can join us. I guarantee that you can expand your ambitions in our organization! You were born to be like us!”@@novelbin@@

“I want to say that the person behind me is already behind you. Do you believe me?” Xu Tui smiled.

Black Sea Snake did not turn around and said with a smile, “These kinds of tricks are all leftovers of mine. Let me ask you one last time. Do you want to join us? Don’t lose your little…”

Bang!

Suddenly, the blood light in Black Sea Snake’s mouth exploded. Before she could scream, her body suddenly trembled, and her eyes became unfocused for a moment. At the same time, sharp earth spikes rose from the Origin Crystal powder on the ground.

The eight earth spikes were like eight poisonous pythons from different angles. They took advantage of the moment when Black Sea Snake’s mind was shaken to enter her body from different parts and pierce out.

One of the earth spikes pierced through Black Sea Snake’s legs and out of her head. As her eyes widened, Black Sea Snake instantly died. It took less than a second! He achieved an absolute kill.

Xu Tui also heaved a sigh of relief. It went smoother than he had expected.

Time Distortion, the mental hammer, the Water Explosion Technique, and the Earth Spike Cage. This combination technique, coupled with the arrangements he had made beforehand, easily killed a slightly careless Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

Yes, in Xu Tui’s opinion, Black Sea Serpent was a little careless. A Mystery Branch did not even defend herself. If it were Xu Tui, he would have immediately raised the Vajra Barrier.

Another mistake that Black Sea Snake had made was underestimating Xu Tui’s strength. When Xu Tui restrained his mind power, Black Sea Snake sensed Xu Tui’s aura. It was the fluctuation of Xu Tui’s aura.

Actually, it was just the fluctuations of the genetic mutation realm’s aura.

This was the largest pit!

The power of the mental hammer after all his genetic base points were strengthened to Level 3 gold was stronger than Xu Tui had imagined. It could already directly affect the Genetic Transmutation Realm of the Mystery Branch.

Of course, there was another pit, which was the Time Distortion ability.

Although Xu Tui had used the Water Explosion Technique first, in reality, the mental hammer and the Water Explosion Technique had landed at the same time. The mental hammer was even a little faster.

Why did he have to use the Water Explosion Technique?

This was because compared to the headache in her body, an attack in her mouth was not only the most painful, but it was also the easiest to interrupt the target’s attention and cause panic.

Many Extreme Branch cultivators would undergo extremely high-level anti-strike pain training in order to minimize the various impacts on their bodies when they were injured.

For example, if a Mystery Branch cultivator was in intense pain, their mind power would fluctuate or even be interrupted. But they would not if they had undergone training.

There was such content in the previous special training on the moon. However, who knew how to train their mouth? The Water Explosion Technique that he used in her mouth was a true sinister move.

Salute to the seniors of the School of General Senses!

Xu Tui had such thoughts as capturing a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert alive and interrogating her.

If he captured Black Sea Snake alive, he would definitely know a lot from the nonsense that Black Sea Snake had said just now. He might be able to obtain useful information.

However, the danger was too great.

If he was not careful, she might be able to turn the tables.

Xu Tui might have taken the risk if she was an Extreme Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. However, he did not dare to challenge someone from the Mystery Branch. More importantly, this Black Sea Snake might have informed her accomplices. There might be even more powerful reinforcements coming.

“Ah Huang, prepare to clean up the data. We’ll evacuate in a minute.” Xu Tui did not have much time left. Xu Tui walked toward Qi Tong as he spoke.

There was not much time left. He could only use the most extreme method during the interrogation.

Xu Tui walked toward Qi Tong. He was about to wake Qi Tong up and use extreme methods to see if he could get any useful information out of him.

Suddenly, the communication device on Black Sea Snake’s wrist lit up.