Chapter 725 - 725 Itavi Who Was Taken Advantage Of (2)

725 Itavi Who Was Taken Advantage of (2)

“No, no, no. Mr. Itavi, you’ve misunderstood. I don’t have any intention of taking advantage of the situation. We’ve also paid a huge price for this information. Two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts have already died in battle. We also lost an important intelligence team from Sea Paradise!” Aurora said.

“Does the matter of Sea Paradise have anything to do with you?”

“To be precise, it’s related to the person you’re looking for. Yes, this information is free of charge.” Aurora smiled.

“Alright, I agree. The items on the list will be sent to your designated location within a month.”

“Awesome!

“Mr. Itavi, the group of people you’re looking for should be from the Huaxia Sector!”

“Should be?”

“Of course, there’s a 95% chance!”

“Alright, thank you. You can continue to inform me if you discover anything.”

“Of course. I’ve never complained about getting rich.” After hanging up the phone, Aurora stood up and stretched. “Continue the analysis of this matter. Remember to inform me if you find anything valuable. Hmm, in a few days, there would be new people replenishing at Sea Paradise. Also, tell everyone on the extra-terrestrial line to hide and evacuate.” After saying that, Aurora left.

…

The explosion and fire in Sea Paradise finally caused Sea Paradise to stop operations for three days.

This was something that had never happened since Sea Paradise was built.

Of course, the explanation to the public was that an individual employee had violated the rules and triggered a chain reaction. Sea Paradise would strengthen the training of the employees and strengthen the security checks on the internal employees.

The relevant news also surpassed the massacre of the Konarak Sun Temple and the bounty of the Planetary realm powerhouse, Itavi, for the first time. It became a trending topic on the Blue Star.

In the Research Institute Number 14, An Xiaoxue looked at the news and frowned. “Are you in danger?”

“I was schemed against by Aurora of the Dawn Salvation Organization. He detonated the explosives and directly used the security forces of Sea Paradise to deal with me. Fortunately,” Xu Tui explained casually.

“I should have gone too. You were careless.”

“Yes, I’ll be more careful in the future.” Xu Tui humbly accepted An Xiaoxue’s lesson.

“You interrogated a total of two clues from Li Jin. Since they have been guarding this clue on the Blue Star for almost three months, then the clue in the extra-terrestrial will probably have the same setup. You must not touch it,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Yes. However, I reckon that even if I go, I will only end up empty-handed. If they really have any arrangements at the clue in the extra-terrestrial, they will probably withdraw them after this incident,” Xu Tui said.

“It’s possible!” An Xiaoxue nodded.

Xu Tui sighed. “The Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization is really difficult to deal with. It was not easy for me to obtain two clues from Li Jin, but in the blink of an eye, they are all useless. It looks like we won’t be able to catch Painted Skin in a short period of time.”

“Of course, the Dawn Salvation organization might secretly have some dirty dealings with certain alliances, but it’s also true that they are powerful. It has been so many years. The more the six alliances exterminate them, the more arrogant they become. They are really capable,” An Xiaoxue said.

“By the way, Xiaoxue, this year’s college entrance examination season has already begun. In half a month, it will be time for the new students to enter the school. Do you think Dawn Salvation will attack the new students this year?” Xu Tui quickly asked.

“Yes! This is their usual method of replenishing new blood. Do you want to start from this?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“I have such thoughts.”

“There are more than 30 prefectures and hundreds of teams from different cities. Which one are you guarding?”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Furthermore, the level of the members of Dawn Salvation’s operation against the students is generally limited. Even if you get lucky and block them, you won’t be able to obtain the information you need,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly.

“Let’s increase our strength while waiting for an opportunity. The Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization is very rampant. We only have a chance of success if we hunt in places that they did not expect,” An Xiaoxue added, afraid that Xu Tui would feel uncomfortable.

Xu Tui nodded again. He had listened to An Xiaoxue. The lesson that Aurora had taught Xu Tui finally made him understand. To deal with the enemy, he had to be like a mutated beast hunting in the night. He had to hide in the unknown and launch a fatal attack.

The clues he had obtained from Li Jin had failed. The last thing Xu Tui wanted to do on the Blue Star was over.

Xu Tui planned to head to the extra-terrestrial. Actually, many times, the extra-terrestrial was more attractive to Xu Tui than the Blue Star. There were too many rules on the Blue Star. This was especially so for the quantum portal that was activated during the last Mars battle. Xu Tui really wanted to know where that quantum portal led to.

There was also the red fire slip.

Xu Tui had a feeling that he would only be able to discover the true profundity of the red fire slip in the extra-terrestrial. There was also the tricolor octagon body that he had snatched. It was obvious that it was related to the huge full-frequency octarine energy testing device on the moon.

During the last test on the moon, Xu Tui had recklessly sensed that thing. He was shocked to discover that that thing was actually sentient.

Was it alive? Or does it have a consciousness?

The last time, Xu Tui did not dare to come into contact with it because he was worried that something unexpected would happen.

Xu Tui planned to interact with it if he had the chance.

Currently, Xu Tui had only realized that his mental hammer already had the power to protect his mind after he destroyed the mental figure of Itavi last time. If an alien species really wanted to invade or parasitize Xu Tui’s body, his mental hammer would be useful.

Hammer him!

Xu Tui spent as much time with his parents as possible for the next few days. He could tell that even though they said that it was fine and that he could go to the extra-terrestrial, they were still very worried.

Zhang Xiuli even did not want Xu Tui to go. However, she did not say it because his father stopped her.

On the 8th of June, after Xu Tui greeted the principal, Wen Xinglun, he piloted the Aerospace Combat Jet and flew straight to the moon. He was prepared to report to the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

Xu Tui had an extremely strong sense of safety.

This time, there were no signs when he set off for the moon. It eliminated the possibility of being ambushed.

Xu Tui did not bid farewell to his friends or even inform them. He now understood that he should not be too close to friends like Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Chai Xiao when he went against traitor organizations like Dawn Salvation. Otherwise, if anything happened, it might implicate them. Especially since he had become the target of Itavi’s relentless pursuit.

It was better for them to stay away from them.

Of course, true friends would not become distant just because they were distant.

“Xiaoxue, I’ll wait for you in the extra-terrestrial.” This was the only message Xu Tui sent when he left.@@novelbin@@