Chapter 720 - 720 Killing Without Using Your Own Power

720 Killing Without Using Your Own Power

“Hello, I am Aurora!” A video call projection popped up on the dead Black Sea Snake’s communication device. “Don’t be surprised. I’ve been paying attention to this matter ever since Black Sea Snake informed us that someone was biting the bait.

“You guys were able to kill Black Sea Snake without activating the security system of Sea Paradise. You guys are very powerful and cautious. I’ll give you a chance to join us. I’ll leave the position of Black Sea Snake to you. Think about it, okay? Take it as you giving yourself a way out!” Aurora in the communication device was only a blurry figure, but his voice was very deep and had the aura of a superior.

“Now? Are you serious?” Xu Tui did not know much about the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. However, according to Black Sea Snake, Aurora was very likely to be the core figure of Dawn Salvation.

From his tone, was there a way to kill him? This made Xu Tui very vigilant.

“Ah Huang, search the surroundings for all the risks and plan the emergency escape routes here,” Xu Tui ordered with his consciousness.

“What do you think?” Aurora did not give Xu Tui a direct answer on the phone. However, the more this was the case, the more worried Xu Tui became. It was also at this moment that Aurora on the phone suddenly laughed. “Young man, I’m suddenly interested in your group.

“According to the information I’ve just gathered, you were able to control Qi Tong without him resisting. Qi Tong has received extremely professional training. Then, one of you must be proficient in the School of Radiation Influence abilities, one that is in the Genetic Transmutation Realm!

“Also, when you were killing the Black Sea Snake just now, you used two superpowers, water and earth. From the speed at which you killed the Black Sea Snake, you also used other attacks.

“It was the same for the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee’s analysis of the strength of the murderer who killed Li Jin. However, I thought of another shocking move. Do you want to hear it?” Aurora said.

“I don’t want to hear it!” As he spoke, Xu Tui stepped toward Black Sea Snake’s communication device.

The moment he stepped on it, Aurora suddenly exploded with shocking words. “Since you won’t listen, I’ll sell this information to Itavi.”

Xu Tui’s heart trembled when he heard those words. However, he did not stop stepping. Xu Tui did not know how Aurora had come to this conclusion, but if Xu Tui had any abnormalities at this moment, it might be confirmed.

The only thing that made Xu Tui calm down was that even Aurora did not know his true identity. With a stomp, Black Sea Snake’s communication device was crushed, but it was not completely destroyed. Although there was no projection, the sound was still there.

“It’s very coincidental. The murderer who destroyed the Konarak Sun Temple is also proficient in Radiation Influence, Earth-element, and Water-element superpowers. This information should be able to fetch a good price from Itavi. Whether you are or not, Itavi will be extremely interested in you guys next. Of course, you might not have a chance,” Aurora said unhurriedly, his tone filled with confidence.

“Stop bragging. I’ve already killed your people. You no longer have the ability to kill me.” Xu Tui sneered.

“No, there is!”

“Where is he?”

“Young man, you’re still too naive! Why do I have to use my power to kill you? Soon, you will fall into despair.”

Without waiting for Aurora to finish speaking, Xu Tui stomped his foot down. Energy field power erupted, completely crushing the communication device of Black Sea Snake.

“Clear the traces and leave in 30 seconds!” Xu Tui felt that he had to leave immediately. The moment Xu Tui’s voice rang out, Ah Huang’s scream suddenly rang out in Xu Tui’s mind.

“Quick, a timed signal is activated at high speed. The time is only one second!”

The moment Ah Huang’s scream rang out, Xu Tui, who had been on guard, was shocked. However, he did not panic at all. He instantly entered Time Distortion.

The moment the Vajra Barrier was raised, he charged out of the door without hesitation. The moment Xu Tui raised his Vajra Barrier, flames and shockwaves erupted from Qi Tong’s room behind Xu Tui.

The explosive energy and shockwaves, as well as the flames, slammed heavily into Xu Tui’s back. Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier was struck hundreds of times in an instant. The 360 genetic base points of the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain were activated at full speed. The energy field power was injected into him like a flood. It caused the Vajra Barrier to tremble on the verge of shattering and recovering.

Xu Tui felt as if he had been hit by a plane. He flew into the air as if he was riding a fog. The force of the attack was indescribable. Even with the protection of the Vajra Barrier, his mouth was still filled with a metallic taste.

How many kilograms of high explosive had he used?

Crack! The Vajra Barrier shattered when Xu Tui crashed into the other side of the corridor. However, with this extremely short period of time, a small mountain suddenly appeared behind Xu Tui.

Mountain Formula!

The Mountain Formula blocked the flames and shockwaves behind him. Xu Tui shot out like an arrow. He had only run a few meters along the corridor when the Mountain Formula was shattered.

Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier had been raised again. The strongest shock wave of the explosion had also passed.

However, at this moment, an ear-piercing alarm suddenly rang out in the corridor. The moment Xu Tui spread out his mental perception, he realized that there were already hundreds of people gathering in his direction.

Xu Tui suddenly understood.

Aurora said that he did not need his own strength to kill people. Aurora had detonated the security system of Sea Paradise through the explosives that he had prepared in advance. Then, the security system of Sea Paradise would kill Xu Tui for Aurora.

This plan was well thought out. As expected of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. Moreover, both Qi Tong and Black Sea Snake had given up just like that. Before the plan, he had already considered their deaths. As expected of an extremist organization!

Xu Tui did not have the time to think about this. There was only one problem now—he had to escape.

The security of Sea Paradise was not for show. Ever since they were established, there were many Genetic Transmutation Realm experts who came to take advantage of the situation, but they did not have a good time. No one could succeed.

It was said that they had the backing of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse or even a planetary-level powerhouse.

Although it was impossible for quasi-planetary-level and planetary-level powerhouses to stay in Sea Paradise permanently, it was not a problem for four to five Genetic Transmutation Realm powerhouses to stay in the Sea Paradise.

Even if there weren’t 50 to 60 people in the Genetic Evolution Realm, there should be more than 12, right? Not to mention the security of the other Genetic Mutation Realms and the huge number of ordinary security forces, he would definitely die once he was surrounded.

Just as Xu Tui was about to fall into a desperate situation, a man in sunglasses knocked on the table in a mysterious base.

“How long will it take for our people to reach Sea Paradise?” This voice was exactly the same as the voice of Aurora, who had been talking to Xu Tui just now.

“Sir, four of the six Genetic Transmutation Realm experts who are urgently providing support are expected to arrive in 11 minutes. The other two are expected to arrive in 35 minutes.”

“Change the order. Order them to search for suspicious injured candidates within a 100-kilometer radius of Sea Paradise. Even a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert would be injured if a 10-kilogram high-explosive mine exploded at close range in a sealed environment. More than one of them must have been injured! Emphasize that if they are discovered, capture them alive,” Aurora ordered.

“Catch him alive? There might be losses that way though?”@@novelbin@@

“It has to be alive! Only by capturing him alive and giving him to Itavi can we exchange him for a huge harvest and friendship. The reward and friendship of a top Planetary realm powerhouse is worth the price!” Aurora said.

“Understood. The order has been changed. Sir, are you so sure that the people who dealt with Li Jin are the people who massacred the Konarak Sun Temple?” Aurora’s assistant asked.

“I’m not sure.”

“Then will Itavi believe you?”

“I don’t know what it was that Itavi lost, but judging from his performance, it must have been extremely important. As long as we offered a price, there was no possibility of rejecting it! By the way, has the sound comparison been completed?” Aurora asked.

“Sir, it’s still being compared. The remote recording itself has a certain degree of distortion. Furthermore, based on the technical analysis, the other party seems to have a certain degree of change in tone. The accuracy of the comparison is very low.”

“Compare, screen, and narrow the range. We might be able to find the target group directly.”

“Understood.”

…

The violent explosion and shockwave shook the entire Sea Paradise. Moreover, because of the structure of the building, the sound of the explosion instantly caused a commotion.

...

The staff rest area was on the lower level. As a result, the violent explosion shocked the guests of Sea Paradise. Almost half of the security forces immediately started to maintain order and comfort the customers.

However, the most elite security forces all rushed towards the area where the explosion occurred.

As the Minister of Security of Sea Paradise, Koizumi Mori, who was a water-type supernatural being, roared angrily on the walkie-talkie as he rushed to the scene of the incident. “Order everyone in the employee rest area to squat on the spot. Those who don’t cooperate will be killed on the spot! If you discover the murderer, immediately indicate the direction. You must not let the murderer escape!

“Teams one to four of the captains of the Genetic Evolution Realm will bring people to maintain order in case anyone causes trouble. The other four deputy security of the Genetic Transmutation Realm and team five to ten of the Genetic Evolution Realm surround them in four directions.

“Orders. Once all the searchers enter, lower the blockade and form a blockade area. No one can enter or leave without my order! Baka!”

Koizumi Mori roared angrily. He had only been the new Minister of Safety for a year. The results of the previous Minister of Safety for six years were ahead of him. He had only been the Minister of Safety for a year, but there was already a violent explosion that caused customers to panic. How could he not be angry?

He had to capture and kill this murderer to wash away his humiliation!

It would make his performance as the new Minister of Security not so ugly!