Chapter 727 - 727 Not Interested

727 Not Interested

“This is your identity information chip from the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. You can insert it into your personal communication device. All of your rights and identity information have been entered into your personal account information. However, not all places in the extra-terrestrial have electronic signals. Your chip is more useful in places without signals.”

When he brought Xu Tui to the dormitory, Fang You mechanically explained the relevant matters to Xu Tui.

“Our Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College has many top-notch and state-of-the-art auxiliary training equipment. Some of them are used for free. Some of them paid different fees based on their individual rights. Some facilities can only be used after you have reached a certain level of individual rights. Your individual rights and so on…”

Fang You’s voice and figure stopped at the same time. He suddenly froze when he saw Xu Tui’s personal information. “You… have low-grade Level B individual rights?”

“What’s wrong?”

“I mean, is this… true?”

“How can that be fake!”

“Tsk!” Fang You’s expression became a little strange. He looked at the information and then looked at Xu Tui’s low-grade Level B rights. He had a surprised expression. “Do you know that several vice-principals of our Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, who were all quasi-planetary-level, only have individual rights around mid-grade Level B.” Fang You suddenly sighed.

Xu Tui could clearly sense that Fang You’s hostility toward him had suddenly lessened.

“The principal has arranged a suite for you. I still think that you have connections. However, according to your individual rights level, you can apply for a single villa at the Blue Star Base or the Huaxia Sector General Base,” Fang You said.

“A suite? How big?”

“One bedroom, one living room, one kitchen, and one bathroom. It’s about 100 square meters and has a 24-hour hot water supply,” Fang You said.

“How big should a normal student’s room be?” Xu Tui was a little curious.

“A 12-square-meter single dormitory. Yes, there’s a desk and hot water for two hours every morning and night.”

This immediately reminded Xu Tui of the dormitory he had been in during the training on the Moon. The dormitory was really small. After setting up a desk, the only activity area was the bed and the front of the bed.

This suite was quite comfortable. It was similar to home. There was also a quiet room for the Mystery Branch to cultivate. This quiet room was completely blocked and built. It was equivalent to a safe house.

Seeing that Xu Tui had gone silent, Fang You said faintly, “Then do you know where I live?”

Although Xu Tui knew that it would definitely hurt him if he asked this, he still had to ask since Fang You had already said it. “Where did you live?”@@novelbin@@

“I live in a higher-level researcher and teacher dormitory. It’s a total of 25 square meters.”

“Uh… not small.”

Fang You stared at Xu Tui. “Why don’t you lend me your suite for three years?”

“No!” Xu Tui refused without hesitation. It would definitely be more comfortable to stay in a large suite for a few years.

“See,” Fang You had a look that said, “You’re even said it’s not small, but why aren’t you changing?”

“In addition, other than some military units that require special authorization, you can basically go to most places on the moon. You only need to show your identity chip information,” Fang You said.

Xu Tui did not mind. He nodded gently.

“By the way, you’re only 20 years old. The information shows that you’re actually only a second-year student at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. How could you obtain so many contribution points and such high individual rights? I’ve checked. Your gains from the Mars battlefield last year were more than 100,000 contribution points.

“But at most, it’s just low-grade Level C!” Fang You asked curiously. “Oh, yes, you still have a silver medal that can allow you to advance by two levels. However, this is only high-grade Level C at most. How can it be low-grade Level B?”

“The research I did was rather valuable. The authorization share was split into hundreds of thousands of contribution points,” Xu Tui said. There was no need to hide this. People with ulterior motives could still find out.

Fang You was stunned again and looked at Xu Tui. “You can get hundreds of thousands of contribution points from the authorization share? You’re a big shot among researchers. So powerful?” Amidst his surprise, Fang You muttered, “No wonder the principal directly pulled you into his research project team. It turns out that you are really good at research.

“Previously, I thought that you were a genetic nouveau riche who had entrusted the principal with your connections. Not only did he ask me to pick you up personally, but he also gave you the position of deputy team leader!”

“Genetic nouveau riche?” This term sounded a little new to Xu Tui. However, Xu Tui finally understood where Fang You’s displeasure and hostility came from. It was because Principal Cai Shaochu had given him a higher treatment that Fang You was dissatisfied.

Fang You was at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm. He had been an intermediate researcher in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College for many years. He also had a certain status in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution Realm College.

“You’ll slowly understand in a few days. Anyone who has stayed in the extra-terrestrial for a long time will understand the term genetic nouveau riche. I thought you were a genetic nouveau riche. I didn’t expect you to be purely from the Blue Star. Although you have low-grade Level B individual rights, you should keep a low profile in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. These genetic nouveau riche are very powerful and extremely talented. Their cultivation speed is also extremely fast!” Fang You said.

“There’s such a thing? Tell me about it.”

“How should I put it? They’re not exactly opposites. But they were born to be superior to others. Their genes are better, and their level of evolution is higher. Still, they have to go to the battlefield when they have to. Military orders are more important than anything else!”

Xu Tui did not mind when he heard that. There were geniuses everywhere. Who dared to say that they were the number one genius in the world?

No one dared to!

Xu Tui felt that many people were more talented than him. However, the genetic base points he activated when he was administered with the Genetic Liberation Elixir were good. Of course, it might be because his father, Xu Jianguo, was good.

At this stage, Xu Tui had been studying ancient books recently. He realized that the meditation that his father had taught him for more than ten years was very important. This might be the key to activating mental perception, introspection, and illusory introspection after he was injected with the Genetic Liberation Elixir.

However, after 15 to 16 years of persistence, the possibility of success was too low even if he spent a lot of money to replicate the research. The possibility of being interrupted by all kinds of accidents was too high. It was especially difficult to start meditation training from a two to three-year-old.

Xu Tui even suspected that he had been tortured by his parents back then to be able to meditate and slowly succeed at such a young age.

Just as Fang You was jealous, Xu Tui’s accommodation in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College was really impressive.

Xu Tui even took a video for his parents and An Xiaoxue and sent it over. It even caused An Xiaoxue to scold him. She had come over several times, but the best dormitory she stayed in was only a 12-square-meter single-person dormitory.

Xu Tui knew very well how capable he was. Therefore, he only registered with Cai Shaochu’s Galaxy Spirit Research Project team and did not interfere with the research.

His goal was to cultivate.

Other than the steady advancement of the genetic base points in the quantum entanglement genetic ability chain, Xu Tui had become obsessed with the training facilities of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College in the past few days.

The training facilities of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College were simply a paradise for genetic newcomers to activate a new genetic ability chain.

For example, a Wuji Frequency-Changing Needle Hammer Forging Machine was to hammer the entire surface of the human body indiscriminately. If one persisted for a long time, it could activate a genetic ability chain called Copper Skin.

Coupled with this machine, the genetic ability chain of Copper Skin could quickly increase the defense of the body.

However, Xu Tui liked the multi-frequency change gravitational field the most.

In this gravitational field, the gravity was constantly changing and adjusting.

You might only be able to jump half a meter in one leap, but in the next second, you might be able to jump dozens of meters.

It could train the balance of one’s strength and the force exerted and restrained in different gravity environments. It was extremely useful in actual combat.

Xu Tui had stayed here for an hour or two for the next few days.

...

Next was the energy simulation battlefield. Xu Tui had to fight three times a day.

This energy simulation battlefield was where the trainer wore a special energy perception combat uniform and entered the combat training space. He could freely set the intensity of his battle.

For example, you could set your opponents to be two Genetic Mutation Realms, or one Genetic Evolution Realm and two Genetic Mutation Realms.

They could even set their opponent to be a fire-type supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm. They could even set their race.

For example, the fire-type supernatural beings of the Spiritual Race, the lightning-type supernatural beings of the Dissimilate Clan, the Mechanical Spirit Race at the Genetic Evolution Realm, and so on.

The setting method was extremely flexible and comprehensive.

In actual combat, all of the energy attacks were extremely realistic. They could also bring about a certain level of physical sensation, but they would not be injured. However, the energy simulation battle consumed a lot of energy. With Xu Tui’s low-grade Level B rights, he could only train three times a day for free.

Those with Level C rights could only use it twice a day. They could use 100 contribution points or equivalent Origin Crystals each time.

Those with Level D rights could only use it once a day at most. They could use 200 contribution points or equivalent Origin Crystals every time.

Those with Level E rights could only use it once a week. They could use 500 contribution points or equivalent Origin Crystals every time.

Xu Tui had fallen in love with this after coming here once. His current battle results were very impressive. However, most of his battle results were formed under special conditions, such as long-range combat.

...

Xu Tui directly set the battlefield to be 50 meters wide. He set it to be a battle between three Genetic Evolution Realm experts. One was a supernatural being, and two were from the Extreme Branch.

Xu Tui was tortured every time. He was tortured mainly because of his actual combat training. Moreover, Xu Tui’s mental hammer, spiritual radiation, and other abilities were useless against the simulated energy bodies here.

However, Xu Tui liked to be tortured here. Being tortured here was better than being killed by the enemy on the battlefield. It was also because of the extreme practicality of the energy simulation battlefield that this was the busiest place in the entire Genetic Evolution College.

On this day, Xu Tui was still being tortured inside, but the students waiting for training and watching the battle outside had already started to make a fuss.

“Again? Where did such a lousy guy come from? He was actually tortured to death by a few energy projections?”

“The new generation of the Dragon of Huaxia shouldn’t be weak, right? He should undergoing self-abuse-type combat training,” someone said.

“The new Dragon of Huaxia, Xu Tui?”

“Yes.”

“I heard that he’s just a second-year student this year and has already stabilized his position as the Dragon of Huaxia.”

“He’s only in his second year, but he can already stabilize his position as the Dragon of Huaxia? Is it because Li Zhouchen is useless, or is the current standard of the Huaxia Sector getting worse?” a blond man continued.

The students waiting at the side did not respond. While they were talking, the door to the energy simulation battlefield opened. Xu Tui, who looked a little miserable from being tortured, walked out in a sorry state. He smiled, but it could be considered a greeting to the unfamiliar students who were staring at him. Xu Tui casually took off his energy simulation suit and was about to leave.

Suddenly, a tall blond man stopped Xu Tui. “Xu Tui, the Dragon of Huaxia, I am Harvath from the American Sector. Seeing that you like actual combat so much, why don’t the two of us have a real battle? How about that?” Harvath said.

Xu Tui went around Harvath’s obstruction challenge and only said three words, “I’m not interested.” He was really not interested in such a battle!

Behind him, Harvath’s pale face instantly turned ugly.