Chapter 721 - 721 No Rape (1)

721 No Rape (1)

In the face of collective strength, even in the Great Genetic Age, individual strength was insignificant under most circumstances.

Before he came, Xu Tui had made various contingency plans. None of them were against the security system of Sea Paradise. He did not expect to be tricked by the leader of the Dawn Salvation, Aurora, into resisting the security forces of the entire Sea Paradise.

It had to be said that extreme organizations were extreme organizations.

However, Xu Tui was not a newbie.

!!

The moment he escaped the first wave of explosions, Ah Huang had already informed Xu Tui of the two optimal retreat plans.

“Xu Tui, we have detected the security system of Sea Paradise. They are putting down the security gate for the employees’ rest area. They are trying to separate the combat area. I’m trying to stop it. The other party had used extremely high authority and could not be stopped. The safety gate was expected to fall completely in five seconds. You still have four seconds to cross the first port. However, there are hundreds of people rushing over from the other side…”

“I want the topographic map of the next level.”

Before Ah Huang could finish its long-winded speech, Xu Tui had already turned around and rushed toward Qi Tong’s room. He jumped down from the hole in the floor at the center of the explosion.

The explosives that Aurora had set up had put Xu Tui in a desperate situation. However, at the same time, it had also opened up an inconspicuous way for Xu Tui to survive.

“The bottom floor is the storage area. This is the wine storage area now, and the oil storage area is next door. However, the storage area is still an exclusive passageway. It’s very easy to seal it off.

“However, there was a vehicle tunnel that led directly to the underground garage in the storage area. It was convenient for the supplies to be transported. You could retreat to the underground garage.

“However, the underground garage has also been sealed off. You are not allowed to enter or leave,” Ah Huang said.

“Can we cause a fire in the tourist gathering area to create a panic?”

“We can cut the power temporarily, but it’s a little difficult to start a fire!” Ah Huang said.

“Execute!” Xu Tui quickly walked through the storage area. As he walked, he casually waved his hand, and the Mountain Formula appeared in the oil warehouse. A large number of oil drums were smashed.

The words “no fireworks” were exceptionally glaring. In the next moment, Xu Tui activated his mind power and conjured a palm-sized flame. He threw it onto the flowing oil and the flame surged.

Xu Tui had also dabbled in the superpowers of the other elements, such as fire, wood, and metal. But his progress was slow. Still, it was not a problem to conjure a small flame to light a cigarette. Even though Xu Tui did not smoke, he could create fire with the snap of his fingers. How cool!

The moment he ran quickly in the tunnel, Xu Tui’s mental perception instantly penetrated the upper level of Sea Paradise. He immediately found his target in the kitchen area of the restaurant.

There was a transparent kitchen that was used to make seafood barbecue. There was a red flame in the brick oven. A small bag of flour suddenly flew up from the bakery next door. Before the chef could react, the bag of flour turned a corner and flew to the kitchen of the seafood barbecue.

The powdery flour was suddenly scattered from a high place by an inexplicable force. Then, it touched the open fire.

Boom!

A violent explosion and flames flashed at the same time. Thick smoke instantly billowed! The tourists who had gathered in the hall because of the explosion and vibrations but were comforted by the security guards instantly lost their composure. If this Sea Paradise continued to explode, it would be a huge coffin on the sea. It would definitely be fatal!

“We’re leaving. Get lost. Don’t stop us. We want to get out of here!”

“Don’t worry, everyone. It was just an accident. We’ve already found the source of the target. Peace will be restored soon.”

Crack!

The electricity was cut off in an instant. The entire dining area suddenly lost its light. It was pitch-black. There was the sound of flames and smoke in the distant kitchen, as well as the sound of water spray.

In an instant, screams and curses filled the air. In the chaos, the crowd rushed past the security captain’s obstruction and rushed towards the tunnel of the underground garage.

The security captain was stunned. He could not stop them, much less attack the customers!

“Minister, the tourists have lost control of their emotions due to the second explosion and have collectively rushed to the underground garage. They want to evacuate. I can’t stop them here.”

This was the first piece of bad news that the security minister, Koizumi Mori, received. Before he could deal with it, a second piece of bad news immediately came.

“Minister, we did not find any suspicious people in the staff resting area that had been cordoned off. Two corpses and a large hole leading to the storage area were found in the room where the explosion occurred. Two vice-chairmen have already chased after them.”@@novelbin@@

“Minister, there’s a fire in the storage area. The fire has spread to one-third of the storage area. Is it to put out the fire or…?”

The reporting personnel were also stunned. If there was a fire in the storage area, the consequences would be…

When he heard this news, the head of security, Koizumi Mori, immediately felt his head buzz. He felt like it was about to explode.

What the f*ck! If they did not care about the fire in the storage area, it would definitely not be a problem to burn down half of Sea Paradise! At that time, it would not be a matter of performance, but a matter of responsibility!

“Put out the fire! Order all water-type and earth-type supernatural beings to put out the fire. I’ll rush over immediately! As for the other vice-chairmen and captains of the Extreme Branch, continue to pursue them in the storage area!

“Order the underground garage to close the garage gates. Unless the fire spreads to the underground garage, they are not allowed to let a car leave!”