Chapter 723 - 723 No Rape (3)

723 No Rape (3)

Xu Tui suddenly realized a weakness in his defense after he escaped from the Sea Paradise.

Last time, he had customized a combat uniform with decent defense and overall attributes on the moon. Even though the combat uniform that Xu Tui had customized was more inclined toward casual wear, it was still very eye-catching on the Blue Star.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not wear a custom-made combat uniform when he came to Sea Paradise this time.

However, Xu Tui realized. What if he wore a custom-made combat defensive inner armor today? At most, he would suffer a slight concussion and not burns. He would not even have a bone fracture.

Moreover, the defensive inner armor could be worn under other clothes at any time. Even if it was a little thicker, it would at most make his figure look a little stronger. However, the defense provided at the critical moment was extraordinary.

Xu Tui had already decided that he would customize a combat inner armor that emphasized defense when he went to the extra-terrestrial. He would wear it every day.

Bang!

Just as he was deep in thought, a warning sign appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. The Vajra Barrier instinctively appeared. The repulsive force flying car changed from high-speed flying to an extremely still state.

The miscellaneous items in the car rushed forward due to inertia. The repulsive force flying car let out an ear-piercing friction sound, as if it would disintegrate on the spot if the impact was any stronger.

Even Xu Tui himself would have crashed into the front of the repulsive force flying car if he had not been restrained by the flying seat belt. He did not know if the front shield would shatter, but as long as Xu Tui’s reaction was a little slower, his head would probably shatter.

Even so, Xu Tui’s shoulder blade was still in pain. If it were an ordinary person, their collarbone or shoulder blade would have been shattered.

“I don’t know what happened at all. There seems to be a force field restraining us.” Ah Huang was dumbfounded.

Ah Huang did not know what had happened. However, Xu Tui could already see what had happened with his mental perception.

The two huge hands condensed from the energy field grabbed Xu Tui’s repulsive force flying car like an eagle grabbing a chick. It was also its sudden appearance that caused the high-speed repulsive-force flying car to suddenly become stationary.

In the sky, an Extreme Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm expert looked at the flying car that he was controlling and jumped down. With a bang, he landed on the roof of the repulsive force flying car and smashed a huge hole in the roof.

Xu Tui had thought that he had been ambushed or caught. He instinctively wanted to counterattack. However, when he realized that the other party was only a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert and was only controlling the repulsive force flying car, his heart skipped a beat.

In an instant, infinite fear appeared on Xu Tui’s face. At the same time, he activated his spiritual resonance and steadily transmitted this fear. A faint sneer appeared on the lips of the Genetic Transmutation Realm expert who had just landed on the roof of the car.@@novelbin@@

Another rookie trash! However, Aurora’s orders were there. He had to completely execute Aurora’s orders. Who knew if Aurora had used a satellite to keep an eye on him? It was his mission to search for all the personnel of the repulsive-force flying car leaving in this direction.

His code name in the Dawn Salvation was Purple-toothed Tiger!

In the Dawn Salvation, those who used light as their code name were the top core members. Those who used color as their code name were the next-level high-level core members. Aurora’s orders were to search the repulsive-force flying cars that left Sea Paradise during this time. If they discovered any injuries, they would immediately capture them alive.

If there were no problems, they could do whatever they wanted!

The rookie in the flying car looked like a piece of trash with his terrified expression. The Purple-toothed Tiger even wondered if the fellow in front of him had peed his pants out of fear.

A piece of trash at the Genetic Mutation Realm! He could clearly sense the fear coming from the trash in front of him. Although the Purple-toothed Tiger disdained it, he still faithfully carried out Aurora’s orders.

Aurora was not someone he could fool.

“Kid, take off your clothes if you want to live.” The side window was shattered by Purple-toothed Tiger.

In the flying car, Xu Tui’s face seemed to have contorted in fear. He said with a trembling voice, “Good man, I’ll take it off, but can you… only rob me of my money… and not rape me?”

Purple-toothed Tiger was stunned for a moment. Before he could react, he laughed. It seemed normal for a man to think of rape when he asked another young man to take off his clothes. However, this thought…

“Take it off quickly.”

Bang!

The watery light and blood light suddenly exploded from the Purple-toothed Tiger’s mouth. The intense pain in his mouth almost made him dizzy and suffocated. Almost at the same time, Purple-toothed Tiger lost his balance from the intense pain in his head and fell into the sea.

Before he could fall into the sea, a water puppet giant suddenly pounced out of the sea. With a hug, Purple-toothed Tiger exploded like a balloon on the spot.

Thirty seconds later, three Origin Crystals of different sizes and two small bags rose from the sea.

Those were the Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had condensed from the Purple-toothed Tiger. They were mainly energy-field Origin Crystals. The mind power Origin Crystals were very small. They did not even have a gram.

There were 20 grams of Origin Crystals and a few bottles of elixirs in the two hard bags.

He threw away the elixir and scanned the Origin Crystal with his mind power. Then, he drove the flying car away.