Chapter 726 - 726 Passive Ability And Extra-Terrestrial Treatment

726 Passive Ability and Extra-terrestrial Treatment

Xu Tui had thought it through before reporting to the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.@@novelbin@@

After more than a year of experience, Xu Tui truly understood the meaning of the sentence that appeared the most in the various media.

“Our journey is the sea of stars!”

Compared to the extra-terrestrial, the Blue Star was a little like the big rivers in Huaxia. However, in the end, the big rivers would flow into the sea.

The Extra-terrestrial was the most intense battlefield in the Great Genetic Age.

The last time Xu Tui came to the extra-terrestrial, he had taken a sky shuttle. It was actually equivalent to the maglev bus in the capital. There were many people, so it was slow. This time, Xu Tui was driving the aerospace combat jet himself. It was equivalent to driving a repulsive force flying car without having to squeeze through public transportation in the capital.

As for driving, he had learned about it while he’s getting his special flying license. The aerospace combat jet was a little more complicated. However, it was very easy for Xu Tui’s learning ability.

Moreover, this kind of long-range ultra-high-speed flight mostly used the full autopilot function. The last time he took the aerospace combat jet to the moon, it took him nearly 12 hours to arrive. This time, Xu Tui only used six hours to pilot the aerospace combat jet.

This was not the maximum speed of the aerospace combat jet. If he disregarded the consumption and damage, the shortest time from the Blue Star to the Moon would be four hours.

There were many spaceports on the moon. There was only one spaceport that could allow all kinds of vehicles to land and take. However, there were several spaceports that could take off and land an aerospace aircraft, an aerospace fighter jet, and an aerospace transport plane.

Not only did the various sectors have one each, but there were also a few civilian spaceports.

Xu Tui had descended at the spaceport of the Huaxia Sector’s Moon Base. As it was a solo arrival, the speed of inspection and disinfection was very fast.

The spaceport was not as empty as Xu Tui had imagined. There were all kinds of Aerospace Combat Jet, Aerospace Flying Devices, and Aerospace Transportation Planes coming and going.

Twenty minutes later, Xu Tui left the spaceport. He saw a middle-aged man with an extremely small beard at the entrance of the spaceport. A projection screen appeared beside the man.

There were only two words on the screen—Xu Tui.

“Hello, you must be Director Fang You. I’m Xu Tui. It’s been hard on you,” Xu Tui greeted with a smile.

Xu Tui had already received a message from Wen Xinglun, the principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Someone would receive him at the entrance of the spaceport. The person who picked him up was Fang You, the assistant of Cai Shaochu, the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

His specific position was the deputy director of the office of the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

“You’re here. Let’s go.” Fang You’s response to Xu Tui’s enthusiasm was a little cold. He said indifferently before turning around and walking straight to the parking lot.

Xu Tui was a little stunned by his attitude. He even vaguely felt a little displeased and hostile toward Fang You. This was a little strange.

The reason why he could sense Fang You’s displeasure and hostility was because of Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance.

Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance had become a rippled-shaped main genetic base point after he was injected with the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. At first, Xu Tui thought that this mutation was to strengthen the ability of spiritual resonance. However, the resonance output of the spiritual resonance did not increase much.

Xu Tui had always thought that it was because the mutation was not large. But it was because Xu Tui did not understand it previously. He only realized something when he focused on himself recently.

If one observed the pattern of the main genetic base point of spiritual resonance carefully, they would realize that the ripples were actually bidirectional.

The direction of the ripples was outward and inward.

Of course, Xu Tui had only discovered this ability by accident. A normal spiritual resonance would allow Xu Tui to come into contact with the other party’s mind with his mind power at a special frequency. It would allow the other party to be affected by Xu Tui’s mental state.

For example, making him angrier, making him happier, making him sadder, making him feel safer, and so on.

However, Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance after the mutation had an extra skill, which was the passive spiritual resonance. It could transmit another person’s mental state to Xu Tui.

Of course, there were certain requirements. For example, if the other party’s attention or mind power landed on Xu Tui, or if the other party was within a certain distance of him, or if the other party’s emotions were related to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had first discovered this from his parents.

Once Xu Tui returned home for dinner, he could feel his parents’ joy and happiness even when they were in the kitchen and only showed their backs. This feeling became even stronger when he occasionally brought An Xiaoxue home for dinner. However, Xu Tui could also sense a sense of nervousness from An Xiaoxue.

In the beginning, Xu Tui had been very surprised by this feeling. He thought that it was brought about by his mental perception. Later on, after careful research and deliberate experimentation, he realized that it was a passive spiritual resonance perception brought about by the mutation of the spiritual resonance.

This was especially so when the target had emotions and hostility toward Xu Tui. Xu Tui could passively sense it. He had yet to figure out the limit. If he was being watched by the other party and the other party’s emotions were strong, he could sense it within a 1,000-meter radius.

Under normal circumstances, it was only one to two hundred meters. This passive spiritual resonance perception ability was actually useful because Xu Tui could immediately passively sense the target’s hostility. It had a certain warning effect, but it was not omnipotent.

“Get in.”

The basic transportation inside the moon base was the sky aircraft. It was obvious that Fang You had flown the sky aircraft to pick Xu Tui up. It was the kind that had two rows of seats in front and behind.

After some consideration, Xu Tui did not dare to sit in the back row. He took the initiative to sit in the front passenger seat. With two people, he would become a leader if he sat in the back row, and Fang You would become a driver. It was not very appropriate.

However, just as Xu Tui opened the door of the passenger seat, Fang You frowned. “Sit in the back.”

“Oh.” Xu Tui obediently sat in the back row. He was even more confused. This was the first time he had seen Fang You. He did not understand what was wrong with this guy.

The development of the moon base in the past hundred years was very rapid. With the Blue Star Base established by the Blue Star Genetic Committee as the core, seven base clusters had been developed. They were actually the six base cities controlled by the Blue Star Genetic Committee.

The cities of the six alliance bases intertwined and controlled and divided the entire Moon’s territory.

The Moon was a barren land, the mineral resources on the Moon were priceless, but the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College was set up in the Blue Star Base.

It was about 300 kilometers from the Huaxia Sector’s spaceport to the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College in the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s base. Ten minutes later, they landed at the Blue Star base’s spaceport again. After they landed, Fang You casually threw Xu Tui a repulsive force flying skateboard.

“Follow!”

After saying that, he stepped onto the repulsive force flying skateboard and left. Xu Tui quickly followed him. The transportation vehicles on the moon mainly used sky aircraft, aerospace combat jet, and aerospace transport aircraft between the various base cities.

Due to the existence of the energy protection shield, they would usually move in the interior of the individual base on a repulsive force flying skateboard.

Of course, a true expert could fly with their body. They did not need these at all. Xu Tui felt that he had to hurry up with his flying sword.

Currently, Xu Tui could temporarily fly on a sword. Or rather, he was slowly riding a sword. However, he still could not fly on a sword.

Stability, speed, and energy consumption. There were important problems to solve in each of these three aspects.

Especially energy consumption. Flying on a sword consumed too much mind power.

Fifteen minutes later, Fang You brought Xu Tui to the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. On the way, students or instructors kept sizing Xu Tui up. There seemed to be a lot of people in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

Fang You brought Xu Tui straight into the principal’s office of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

Fang You had just knocked on the door when the door of the office was pulled open. Cai Shaochu, whom Xu Tui had met once, opened the door and appeared in front of Xu Tui and Fang You.

Cai Shaochu still had the aura of a scholar. He exuded a faint scholarly aura. He was like a professor from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, and he was also like a famous Planetary realm powerhouse. He pursed his lips slightly, looking a little serious. It gave Xu Tui the feeling of a homeroom teacher.

...

“You’re here. Come in. Little Fang, pour a glass of water. Have a seat. Did the journey go smoothly?” Cai Shaochu asked three consecutive questions. He was a little enthusiastic. At this moment, Xu Tui once again sensed that Fang You, who had been ordered to fetch water, was once again filled with displeasure and faint hostility.

Because of this? Xu Tui was a little confused. “Principal Cai, everything went smoothly!”

“Good, the training will officially begin on the 1st of July. However, you didn’t come early. The Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College has many extremely advanced auxiliary training facilities. You should familiarize yourself with the training these few days and increase your overall strength as soon as possible. Moreover, there are many students who came earlier than you. You can familiarize yourself with them over the next few days.”

Xu Tui felt that Cai Shaochu was more like a homeroom teacher.

“In addition, your title as a senior researcher of the Huaxia Genetic Committee is also common in the extra-terrestrial. Now that you’re in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, according to the standards, you can set up an intermediate laboratory yourself or join other research institutes or research project teams,” Cai Shaochu said.

“This… I’ll join the research team of the other teachers.” Xu Tui immediately made a decision. Although it was very autonomous to set up an intermediate laboratory, it was too tiring. Xu Tui’s current energy direction was very clear. Cultivation.

“That’s good. My current research team is still short of a senior researcher. Do you want to join?”

“Yours?”

“Of course. Is there a problem? Or are you unwilling?”

“No, no problem. I’ll join then.” Xu Tui panicked a little under Cai Shaochu’s gaze. He agreed continuously.

“Alright, that’s good. Little Fang, bring Xu Tui to settle the relevant procedures later. I’ve already arranged Xu Tui’s other treatment.” Cai Shaochu instructed and said to Xu Tui, “You can familiarize yourself with my project team for a while. When you’re familiar with it, you’ll have a position as the vice-team leader. You can also assume the status of a senior researcher.”

...

“Thank you, Principal Cai.”

At the side, Fang You, who had just poured the water, became even more displeased and hostile.

Xu Tui was stunned. Because of this?