Chapter 722 - 722 No Rape (2)

722 No Rape (2)

“I can guarantee that the murderer must have mixed into the group of tourists who were about to leave in panic!” Koizumi Mori roared as he gave the order.

He had seen the murderer’s plan clearly. He would create chaos and then take advantage of the situation to escape. However, he could not let the murderer have his way!

“Teams 7 and 8, other than those putting out the fire, reinforce the underground garage immediately. No one is allowed to leave without my orders,” Koizumi Mori ordered.

“Roger that!”

!!

Sea Paradise was actually a very large building. It would take time for the security team to rush over.

At the same time, Xu Tui also rushed into the underground garage passageway. “Ah Huang, can you cut off the passageway between the underground garage and the storage area?”

“Sure, but the extent of my invasion is extremely limited. They should be able to recover in one to three minutes.”

“That’s enough.”

“OK.”

Following Ah Huang’s reply, the three emergency locks behind Xu Tui were slowly descending and sealing the passageway.

At the tunnel before the underground garage, more and more tourists were gathered. They were about to drive the repulsive force flying car away in panic. Not only did the security guard on duty have no intention of lowering the gate, but he also closed the gate.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui, who had already taken off his employee’s clothes, was already driving his disguised repulsive force flying car. He was prepared to blend into the crowd and leave this place. Ah Huang was also constantly reporting the movements of the security team.

“A team has already rushed over to reinforce them. However, I’ve cut off the line of the security elevator. It will take them at least two minutes to activate the emergency power supply!”

Xu Tui carefully drove the repulsive force flying car around when he heard Ah Huang’s voice. The moment the security room at the entrance of the tunnel entered the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception,

Spiritual resonance, advanced hypnosis, was instantly activated.

In the next moment, one of the security guards looked like he was dumbfounded. He pressed the access button. The other security guards acted as if they did not see him and ignored his actions.

The turnstiles rose. The large number of repulsive-force flying cars blocking the way were like ferocious tigers descending the mountain. All of them gathered their strength and rushed out, afraid that they would be buried in the sea of fire if they rushed any later.

Thick smoke had already surged into the underground garage.

In the next moment, Xu Tui also took the opportunity to rush out. The moment he rushed out, Xu Tui sensed two extremely powerful life aura fluctuations behind him. Two Extreme Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm experts had already rushed to the underground garage.

However, the two vice-chairmen of security were also stunned when they saw the surging traffic. Fifteen seconds later, a vice-chairman who had rushed into the security room of the garage roared angrily, “Who asked you to open the gate and let them out?” He even slapped the security guard who opened the switch.

After slapping him, the security guard woke up from his dream and was completely stunned!

“Hypnosis! They were hypnotized by an expert!”

“This… Then can we stop the traffic?”

“Does it work?”

…

In the oil storage area, the Minister of Security, Koizumi Mori, was controlling the monstrous waves with a few water-type supernatural beings, sealing off the entire oil storage area. Even the oil could not burn without oxygen. If he controlled this place, the fire would be controlled.

“Minister, the underground garage has been released!”

The sudden report made Koizumi Mori furious. “Idiot, didn’t I give the order not to let anyone out?”

“Our people have been hypnotized. The murderer might have already escaped!”

“Baka!” Koizumi Mori roared angrily, but a strong sense of powerlessness appeared in his heart. It looked like he was going to take the blame for this incompetence! At the thought of this, coupled with his anger, he shook his mind power and controlled the seawater to tremble. It almost collapsed! “Baka, put out the fire!”

…

Xu Tui only heaved a sigh of relief when he drove the repulsive force flying car out of Sea Paradise. As long as he rushed out, he would be safe. Even if Sea Paradise was extremely daring and used guided weapons to attack suspicious targets, Xu Tui could detonate them in advance as long as they were not covered.

A minute later, Xu Tui, who was 20 kilometers away from Sea Paradise, heaved a sigh of relief.

He was safe!

This time, he was taught a harsh lesson by the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization. Or rather, he was taught a harsh lesson by the leader of the Dawn Salvation, Aurora.

Sometimes, waiting patiently was the most fatal.

“Ah Huang, drive. I’ll treat my injuries first.”

“No problem.

Xu Tui had been injured in the explosion just now. Under the terrifying shock wave, his internal organs were shaken. He almost vomited blood on the spot. However, Xu Tui forcefully swallowed the blood.

There could not be any blood left at the scene. His back was instantly split open by the shock wave and flames. His skin was charred by the high temperature, and there were many cracks on his bones.

He would be extremely nervous. Coupled with his previous training, this portion of pain seemed to have been ignored. It did not affect Xu Tui at all.

Now that he was paying attention, the pain seeped into his bones. After drinking a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir, Xu Tui’s mind power moved slightly. He instantly materialized his original quantum frequency and treated himself.

However, he still slowed down. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not be able to take the stimulation to his body.

If he was a little slower, he would be able to recover 80 to 90% of his injuries in ten minutes.

Xu Tui changed into a set of spare clothes in the car as he treated himself.