Chapter 728 - 728 An Unavoidable Gap

728 An Unavoidable Gap

Blue Star, Konarak Sun Temple.

Ever since the incident here, Itavi had been living here, gathering and listening to the news that various forces had tracked down. If they could confirm the murderer, there’s no doubt that Itavi would definitely attack him personally.

Unfortunately, the information that he had obtained was constantly being summarized and updated. He kept narrowing the range, but he could not find the target.

Over the past two months, the manpower of the Konarak Sun Temple had recovered. He gathered a few grand-disciples and got them to bring some students from the Supernatural Branch over. Someone was managing the Konarak Sun Temple.

The scale was completely different from before.

In the past, there were three great Genetic Transmutation Realm experts in the Konarak Sun Temple, more than 20 Genetic Evolution Realm experts and more than 300 Genetic Mutation Realm supernatural beings.

It was not an exaggeration to say that it was Itavi’s dojo. But now, the strongest people in the framework were only two Genetic Evolution Realm supernatural beings. There were only more than 20 people who had entered.

Over the past few days, his favorite thing to do was to go to the temple and wait for news. Unfortunately, in the past, when he was meditating in the temple, he could sense the majestic power fluctuations at any time. He could sense that the future he was looking forward to was increasing bit by bit.

But now…

“Teacher, you were looking for me?” Kitawan pushed open the door of the temple and entered. He bowed respectfully to Itavi.

“Arrange for an aerospace combat jet for me. I’m going to the Extra-terrestrial,” Itavi said softly.

Kitawan naturally understood what Itavi meant. He agreed softly and said, “Teacher, should I continue to stay here and pursue the relevant clues?” Hearing this, Itavi shook his head. This made Kitawan’s expression change. “Teacher, the current range has narrowed greatly. If we give up on the investigation just like that, I’m afraid…”

“I didn’t say to give up.” Itavi shook his head again. “The current target of the murderer is already locked in the Huaxia Sector. Another clue sent by Aurora shows that the murderer’s language habits are also clearly from the Huaxia Sector.

“However, we searched through the experts of the Huaxia Sector. There were many people who met the requirements, but we still did not find the murderer.

“Basically, we can determine that the murderer should be an expert among the genetic newcomers in the Huaxia Sector. With his previous performance in counter-reconnaissance and tracking, we won’t be able to find him in a short period of time.”

Itavi suddenly sneered. “However, gold will always glow! A Genetic Transmutation Realm or Genetic Evolution Realm expert who is proficient in the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence, a water-type and earth-type Genetic Transmutation Realm supernatural being, according to the audio analysis, is still below the age of 30.

“Such a person could not be hidden for long unless he was willing to be mediocre for the rest of his life. Just you wait. In a year or two, such an elite would appear in our sights. At that time, he will think that we have forgotten, and we will give him a thunderous strike. We will take everything back!”

“Teacher is wise. Teacher, is there no other way to remedy the situation in the Holy Temple?” Kitawan asked. This was what he was concerned about.

He had cultivated here a few times and only obtained a little of the benefits. However, Kitawan knew very well that even if it was the power that was dissipating, as long as he accumulated enough, he would be able to create an opportunity for him to break through to the Planetary realm.

Once he became a Planetary realm powerhouse, the entire universe would be different.

“A way to remedy it?” A bitter and stern smile appeared on Itavi’s face. “There is, but I can’t fork out an equivalent price to exchange for these things in the short term. This place could only be idle for the time being. In a year or two, when we find the murderer, we’ll use it again.”

Kitawan nodded. That was all he could do for now.

Although Kitawan did not know how great the price his teacher was talking about, more than ten years ago, his disciples, including his teacher, Itavi, had to use all their assets and borrow a lot of foreign debt to obtain this thing.

During those years, they attacked crazily. They spent money like water in the extra-terrestrial, but they also earned money very quickly as long as they did not fail.

“Teacher, in that case, I’ll return to the extra-terrestrial after I settle the follow-up tracking matters in a few days. The cultivation environment on the Blue Star is a little harsh after all, especially not suitable for our cultivation,” Kitawan said.

“You can return to the extra-terrestrial after you’ve done the other two things I instructed you to do,” said Itavi.

Kitawan immediately remembered what had happened. He had wanted to come to the Blue Star in advance before the incident. Itavi had given him three things to do. In fact, he had been working on it. He did not dare to lower his guard when it came to what his master had instructed him to do.

“Teacher, it’s basically done. I’ve already chosen the students who will participate in the next exploration. However, at least a third of the elites of our lineage have been lost in this incident. Therefore, there were only 60 people chosen at the moment. They did not meet the expected 80 people. Moreover, their overall strength and quality are half a level lower than expected,” Kitawan said.

Itavi was speechless. He had expected this. This was also the most hateful thing about the murderer.

A massacre!@@novelbin@@

Not only did they snatch his treasure, but they also greatly weakened the strength of his lineage. It could even be said that this incident had weakened the national strength of the India Sector.

“When we reach the extra-terrestrial, strengthen the intensity of their training and invest more resources. Let their strength increase by a level in the short term. I’ve already reached a consensus with the Genetic Committee to implement a top-secret plan for this wasteland development. We can’t afford to lose anything!”

Kitawan nodded. “Teacher, there’s something else I have to tell you. Something happened to the third thing you instructed me to do.”

It was clear to Itavi what the third thing he had told Kitawan was. “Something unexpected? Did something happen, or was it discovered when it failed?”

“No, that Xu Tui has already left the Blue Star.”

“Leave the Blue Star?”

“The latest information is that the Dragon of Huaxia, Xu Tui, has gone to the Extra-terrestrial’s Huaxia Genetic Evolution College to report. The annual training of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College is about to begin,” Kitawan said.

Hearing this, Itavi suddenly laughed. “Isn’t that good? The extra-terrestrial is the territory of planetary-level and quasi-planetary-level powerhouses like us. Although Cai Shaochu is in charge of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, there are many of us, right?”

“Quite a few. And some of them are descendants of the bloodline.”

“Follow up and see how many of our people are participating in the training of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College this year. If you have manpower, you should be able to mobilize a portion of your people at the last minute, right?” Itavi asked.

“Teacher, there’s still time. Although it’s already the 30th of June and the training will begin the day after tomorrow, the initial training is all theory classes. There’s still time,” Kitawan said.

“Then I’ll leave it to you. Remember, he has to be alive. Back then, when I was in the second battle ring of the crater, I clearly sensed the aura of the red fire slip on this kid’s body. However, it did not appear during the previous commendation conference on the moon. There’s a high chance that there’s something strange about this kid. Get him over here and I’ll search him thoroughly,” said Itavi.

“Teacher, what if we don’t find anything unusual? Should we prepare the relevant aftermath at the same time?” Kitawan asked.

“There’s no need. It would be best if we could find something related to the red fire slip. If not, we would kill him directly and destroy the evidence! Killing a Dragon of Huaxia is equivalent to weakening the future strength of the Huaxia Sector!” At this point, Itavi’s expression froze. “Kitawan, you might inherit my position in the future.

“You have to remember that no matter where you are, only one king of beasts can survive. Our India Sector no longer has many chances on the Blue Star. However, if we want to develop, strengthen, and dominate the extra-terrestrial, we will not be able to avoid the Huaxia Sector.

“Therefore, you should understand and remember that for the long term and the future, as long as you have the chance, you have to think of ways to weaken the power of the Huaxia Sector!”

“I’ll remember that!” Kitawan nodded heavily.

…

On the 30th of June, Xu Tui once again arrived at the Extraterrestrial Armament Custom Center. “Teacher, I’m here to retrieve my customized equipment. This is the customized order from a few days ago.”

The teacher who received Xu Tui was an old man with gray hair and a beard. He limped as he walked.

Xu Tui felt a sense of respect when he saw this. In comparison, the medical technology in the extra-terrestrial was on a higher level than on the Blue Star. With the current medical technology, there were still such irreversible leg injuries. It could be seen that this teacher had also experienced a cruel battlefield.

“Level C Strength Miniature Chain Structure Defense Inner Armor (Thickening).” The crippled teacher smiled at Xu Tui after he finished reading the article. “You must have been on the battlefield to customize this, right?”

Xu Tui nodded.

“Yes, not bad. The person who customized this is a smart person. Whoa, you’re using a lot of materials. 74,000 contribution points. Yes, you have low-grade Level B individual rights…” At this point, the crippled teacher suddenly looked at Xu Tui in shock. “It’s a Level C customized product. You can enjoy a 15% discount on your individual rights. In that case, you only have to pay a total of 62,900 contribution points.”

...

“By the way, Teacher, am I still unable to customize the Level B defensive inner armor?” Xu Tui happily asked.

“Unless you can provide the corresponding level of special alloys for a Level B defensive inner armor, the equipment base does not have any in stock at the moment. It’s too tight! Actually, I suggest that you customize a helmet,” the crippled teacher said.

“Teacher, I’m from the Mystery Branch. The helmet affects my mind power.”

The crippled teacher nodded. He asked Xu Tui to check the custom-made defensive inner armor in person before he left. This was the defensive inner armor that Xu Tui had customized a few days after he arrived in the extra-terrestrial.

Xu Tui decided that he would wear it when he went out in the future. It weighed only three kilograms and was not heavy at all.

He had been in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College for more than half a month. In this half a month, Xu Tui’s strength had improved comprehensively with the help of the various auxiliary training facilities of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

However, as Xu Tui trained harder, he gradually realized that the various powerful auxiliary training facilities in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College were very helpful to the Extreme Branch. However, the effects were not too strong for the Mystery Branch.

Of course, the energy simulation battlefield could greatly increase Xu Tui’s ability to adapt to emergencies. Xu Tui felt that he had improved day by day over the past few days.

However, Xu Tui would be disappointed if the training at the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College was only at this level. He felt that the improvement would not be too great.

But the training will officially begin tomorrow. He would be able to know the specifics of the training. Xu Tui was looking forward to it.

After leaving the Genetic Armament Center, Xu Tui turned around and went to the logistics center. He could use his contribution points to exchange for various cultivation resources, elixirs, and Origin Crystals.

...

Xu Tui had so many contribution points. Only by spending them would they be valuable.