Chapter 729 - 729 Special Forces And Genetic Nouveau Riche

729 Special Forces and Genetic Nouveau Riche

“Good morning, Teacher. I’ll exchange for another five bottles of Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir.” Xu Tui once again came to the Moon base logistics center to exchange.

The Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir mainly increased the basic qualities of the body, physical fitness, speed, strength, and so on. Of course, he had to cooperate with high-intensity training to fully unleash the effects of the medicine.

Xu Tui could completely absorb a bottle in two days with the help of the various auxiliary training facilities of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

Xu Tui had already used ten bottles when he arrived at the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. He felt that he was almost done after exchanging for five more bottles. Unless he specially cultivated a few more Extreme Branch Genetic Ability Chains and used the Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir, there would be a better effect.

The effect was also very obvious.

Xu Tui did not undergo any harsh tests in terms of physical fitness after 20 days of bitter training and the combination of elixirs. But he had definitely improved to a certain extent compared to before.

His speed was already 100 meters for three seconds without any external help. Moreover, Xu Tui could maintain this speed of 100 meters for three minutes without slowing down.

What was the concept of 100 meters in three seconds? A kilometer was only 30 seconds. It could reach 120 kilometers per hour.

In the past, he would have been a superhuman on the Blue Star. As for those in the Genetic Evolution Realm in the Extreme Branch who did not specialize in speed, their speed was two to three seconds per 100 meters.

The bench press could reach 2,300 pounds. This value would still be at the level of superhuman on the Blue Star, but it was not enough compared to the strength of an Extreme Branch Genetic Evolution Realm expert.

Extreme Branch Genetic Evolution Realm experts generally bench-pressed more than 4,000 pounds.

“You have low-grade Level B individual rights. If you exchange for the Origin Energy Body Tempering Elixir, you will receive a maximum discount of 25%. A total of 2,500 individual contribution points. I should receive 1,875 individual contribution points.”

Xu Tui had come to the logistics center several times. Other than the first time the teacher-in-charge was shocked by Xu Tui’s level of individual rights, it was normal after that.

“By the way, Teacher, let me ask you a question. Is the annual limit on the number of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir I can exchange for based on the year? Or can I only exchange it a year later from the date I started exchanging,” Xu Tui asked.

Xu Tui’s main goal in coming to the extra-terrestrial this time was to exchange for the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

However, the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir was limited.

Those with Level B rights and below could exchange for a bottle with 20,000 contribution points. Those with Level B rights could exchange for a bottle with 10,000 contribution points. The number of bottles they could exchange for was different depending on their level.

Xu Tui could only exchange for two bottles a year with his low-grade Level B rights. One could exchange for three bottles a year with mid-grade Level B rights, and so on. Five bottles a year was the limit with his individual rights.

However, it was said that quasi-planetary-level powerhouses had an additional bottle of purchasing rights. Planetary-level powerhouses had an additional two bottles of purchasing rights.

Quasi-planetary-level and planetary-level powerhouses would not use them, but they were usually exchanged for their disciples and descendants. This Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir was a combination of extremely valuable technology and supernatural power. It was extremely valuable.

According to the rules, Xu Tui could exchange for two bottles a year with his low-grade Level B rights.

“The purchase of the Enhanced Origin Energy Mutation Elixir is limited by the year. The quantity is not accumulated, but the interval between the two exchanges is at least half a year,” the teacher at the logistics center said.

It was calculated based on the year, and it would take at least half a year. With this calculation, Xu Tui had an idea.

Xu Tui’s plan was to exchange for a large number of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixirs.

He would exchange for two bottles now and two bottles six months later. That was four bottles. Xu Tui was prepared to get another four to five bottles as a reward for the actual combat on Mars at the end of the year. That should be enough.

If it was not enough, he could consider asking An Xiaoxue or Mr. Ji or Mr. He to buy him a few bottles. After all, Xu Tui had a lot of contribution points.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui left with two bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir. He spent a total of 20,000 contribution points.

The teacher in the logistics center sighed. This student must have a powerful background to be able to afford this.

In the quiet room of the suite, Xu Tui closed the door and injected himself with a bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Elixir. That was because in the plan, Xu Tui was expected to use eight to nine bottles of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir in the future.

According to the plan, Xu Tui’s main genetic ability chains could all be strengthened and mutated once. Therefore, Xu Tui did not have to be conflicted.

Xu Tui had strengthened the Stab Formula with the first bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

The Stab Formula was Xu Tui’s main battle ability. If it could mutate, it would definitely increase Xu Tui’s combat strength. Unfortunately, there was no movement from the Stab Formula even after he consumed a bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

As long as there was any movement from the main genetic base point, as long as there were any signs of mutation, Xu Tui would inject a large amount of Origin Energy into it and wait for it to complete its mutation. He had already prepared a lot of Origin Crystals for this.

Unfortunately, there was no movement.

Wasted! 10,000 contribution points were wasted just like that!

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt that he had wasted his efforts. His Stab Formula genetic ability chain was already a Level 2 silver genetic ability chain. His main genetic base point had also been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

Therefore, Xu Tui felt that he was at a disadvantage that his main genetic base point did not mutate after he consumed the bottle of Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir.

During the strengthening process, the other genetic base points also expanded and strengthened rhythmically. However, in reality, he had not even strengthened one to at least half a Level 3 genetic base point.

If these 10,000 contribution points were exchanged for Origin Crystals, he could exchange them for 10 grams. It would not be a problem to gather another six to seven grams and strengthen a Level 3 genetic base point.

The first bottle was ineffective. Xu Tui began to use the second bottle.

For the second bottle, Xu Tui chose Spiritual Concealment.

The Spiritual Concealment ability was still very powerful. During battle, it could very well use the enemy’s emotions to create illusions and affect their judgment. Sometimes, it could determine the outcome. If he was stronger, he would have a higher chance of success.

Xu Tui injected it with anticipation and guided the strengthening mutation.

An hour later, Xu Tui opened his eyes in disappointment. With his Level 2 genetic ability chain, the enhancement was not great, and there were no mutations. In other words, he had wasted it again.

However, Xu Tui also understood that the most valuable thing about the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir was its ability mutation.

The probability of mutation was not high. It was about 20%. Still, as long as a useful ability mutated, its value would be immeasurable.

For example, Xu Tui’s mental whip had mutated into a mental hammer. It was worth it to waste 10 or 20 bottles to have such an ability, let alone five bottles. Even though he had wasted two bottles in a row, Xu Tui would continue to use the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir to see if he could mutate any related abilities.

The training period of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College was approaching. Xu Tui’s cultivation began to be disturbed.

In the afternoon, Xu Tui received invitations from Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Cui Xi, Miao Huanshan, and the others.

Without exception, these guys also participated in the annual training of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

Xu Tui would naturally participate in such socializing. He could leave his back open to his comrades on the battlefield.

Xu Tui had been bullied during the gathering. They were all scolding Xu Tui for being dishonest. He had secretly come alone in the aerospace combat jet. He did not bring them along, causing them to squeeze in the sky shuttle for 12 hours. This was what Cui Xi said. He emphasized the word ‘squeeze’.

Which is not an exaggeration. Cui Xi was almost two meters tall. It was not miserable enough to say that he was squeezed into that seat. Xu Tui highly suspected that Cui Xi was sitting sideways.

During the joyous gathering, Xu Tui also received a lot of news. For example, Li Zhouchen and Dai Lijun had also come to participate in the training.

...

Xu Tui had also guessed this.

For example, Dai Lijun, who was a second-year Dragon, had only returned to school in October just to participate in the extraterrestrial training.

As for Luo Murong, he was dressed in Hanfu and sat there quietly. He only listened but never expressed his opinion. It was a stark contrast to Cui Xi’s forthright shout.

“Alright, the training will begin tomorrow. Let me ask you a very important question first. After the training begins, whose special forces are you prepared to join?” Zhao Hailong suddenly asked.

“Special forces?” Xu Tui frowned and looked at Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, and the others.

Yan Lie shrugged. “Don’t look at me. Although I came to the Extra-terrestrial last year, I wasn’t strong enough and didn’t have the qualifications to enter the Extra-terrestrial Genetic Evolution College. This is the first time this year.”

“This is also my first time,” Cui Xi said. “By the way, Murong came last year.”

Everyone looked at Luo Murong.

“I came last year, but my strength was average. They didn’t fancy me, so no one invited me,” Luo Murong said.

Yan Lie, Cui Xi, and Xu Tui were slightly shocked. Even Luo Murong, who was very strong a year ago, had come as a second-year Tiger. He was not fancied by the so-called special forces. Were the standards of the special forces that high?

“Murong didn’t either?” Zhao Hailong frowned slightly. “But that’s true. These guys have high standards. However, you will probably enter their ranks this year. There will definitely be special forces fighting over Murong, Yan Lie, and Xu Tui.”

...

As soon as he said that, Cui Xi shouted, “Hailong, do you mean that no one wants me?”

“Don’t interrupt!” Zhao Hailong glared at Cui Xi. “If possible, it’s better to join the same special forces. After all, we have a life-and-death relationship. We can take care of each other during the special training.”

Xu Tui, who had not spoken, frowned when he heard that. “Hailong, after talking for so long, who is in charge of the special forces? Is it a teacher from the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College?”@@novelbin@@

“No, he’s also a student!” Zhao Hailong said.

“The special forces are organized by students? With your strength and battle results, aren’t you the commander?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“No.” Zhao Hailong looked at Xu Tui and said calmly, “The commanders of the special forces are all genetic nouveau riche. All of you should have heard of them, right?”