Chapter 724 - 724 Itavi Who Was Taken Advantage Of (1)

724 Itavi Who Was Taken Advantage of (1)

At the Dawn Salvation’s Mystery Base, Aurora, who was wearing large sunglasses, slowly sipped on a cup of coffee. However, his gaze was fixed on the huge screen of light that was constantly flickering with information.

“Hua Yezhu, the satellites are not in place yet?” Aurora was a little anxious.

If the satellite could be in place in real time, with the current image resolution, as long as they could obtain a few recognizable clues and use the stupidest method of comparing the entire image, they would be able to find this guy called Avenger and the group behind him.

“Sir, that place is close to the Huaxia Sector. The Huaxia Sector has the strictest control over this area. Currently, only the Huaxia Sector is not covered by our satellites on the entire Blue Star. It will take a little more time for our own satellite orbit to turn in that direction.”

“How much longer do you need?”

“Half an hour. When the time comes, it will be slightly dawn. The satellite will also be useful.”

Aurora hummed noncommittally. For some reason, he had a bad feeling.

As a subordinate, Hua Yezhu could roughly sense his boss’s emotions. “Sir, I think that Avenger might not be able to escape the encirclement of the security forces of Sea Paradise!”

“I think they can!”

“Are you that confident in them, Sir?”

“To be able to set up a chain reaction, first ruining Li Jin’s reputation and causing him to step down, then killing Li Jin, his strength and intelligence would not be bad. If they were also the ones who massacred the Konarak Sun Temple, they would definitely be able to escape from the Sea Paradise! After all, Sea Paradise has been peaceful for too long!”

Aurora was not done sighing. He pointed at an urgent message he had received and said, “Look, I’m right, right? The security guards were hypnotized and released the lockdown. They successfully escaped. They should still be unharmed. The security guards of Sea Paradise are all f*cking trash!

“Now, I’m a little convinced that they were the ones who massacred the Konarak Sun Temple. Inform the six people who are searching to strengthen their defenses. We can’t be careless. This team had the strength to instantly kill a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. Send out a signal to surround them as soon as you find them!” Aurora ordered.

“I’ll inform them immediately, Sir…” Before he could finish his sentence, Hua Yezhu’s expression froze. “Purple-toothed Tiger, report your location and situation immediately! Purple-toothed Tiger, report your location and status immediately!”

Hua Yezhu’s shout instantly made Aurora sit up straight.

A minute later, Hua Yezhu looked at Aurora wearing sunglasses with a regretful expression. “Sir, there’s an abnormality with Purple-toothed Tiger’s signal. It’s currently deep in the sea. The signal is extremely weak. There hasn’t been any feedback for more than three minutes. I reckon that something might have happened to Purple-Toothed Tiger.”

“Order the others to gather in the direction of Purple-toothed Tiger. Get the satellites to look over as soon as possible.” Aurora seemed to have heard something insignificant about the Purple-toothed Tiger. His expression did not change as he calmly issued the orders.

Twelve minutes later, the latest news arrived. They found the signal device that the Purple-toothed Tiger carried with him, but there was only one broken arm. They could confirm that the Purple-toothed Tiger had died in battle.

As there was an endless sea around the incident, they did not find any useful information for the time being.

“Get me a map.”

On the map, the location of the incident with Purple-toothed Tiger was marked by Hua Yezhu. Looking at this point, Aurora placed another red dot on the map where Sea Paradise was. Then, he pulled the two dots into a line and added an arrow.

“Do you see anything?” Aurora asked.

“Direction? The largest direction of this arrow is the Huaxia Sector? Are you saying that the Avengers team is from the Huaxia Sector?” The direction of the arrow was very obvious.

Aurora nodded. “Then, we have another piece of information—the Avengers team is from the Huaxia Sector. The range of the sound comparison can be narrowed again. In addition, there were experts from the School of Radiation Influence, earth-element, and water-element superb individuals. There was a man and a woman. The man was 1.8 to 1.85 meters tall, and the woman was about 1.7 meters tall. The target shouldn’t be far from this.”

“Sir, this points to the surroundings. There are actually some districts! Moreover, the strength of some of the people in this Avengers team might be hidden. Therefore, even if we confirm that they are from the Huaxia Sector, it will still be very difficult to find them,” Hua Yezhu analyzed.

“Then guess if it’ll interest Itavi.” The corner of Aurora’s mouth was full of confidence. “Contact him for me. If this old thing doesn’t satisfy me this time, I’ll hang him in suspense.”

A few minutes later, another communication device was successfully established.

“Aurora, you are the person I hate the most. There is no contest!” Itavi’s voice was low.

“Haha, Mr. Itavi, you’ll like me immediately.”

“What do you mean?”@@novelbin@@

“I’ve made a very valuable discovery on those murderers.”

“Hmm?”

“I’ve already confirmed where they came from.”

“Where are they from?”

“Hahahaha, Mr. Itavi, you know the conditions.” Aurora chuckled.

“Aurora, that’s what I hate about you. Tell me the information first. How can I let you down?”

“Mr. Itavi, I am not your believer. In my eyes, your glorious image has many defects and gray areas.”

Itavi was silent for a few seconds on the line. “Send me the list.” Ten seconds later, Itavi’s voice rose sharply. “Aurora, do you think I’m someone you can take advantage of?”