Chapter 734 - 734 Xu Tui’S Choice (1)

734 Xu Tui’s Choice (1)

“Xu Tui, the Dragon of Huaxia?” A two-meter-tall, muscular-looking young man blocked Xu Tui’s path.

“I am, and you are?” As Xu Tui answered, Cui Xi, Yan Lie, and the others behind him quickly took a few steps forward. They had been studying with Xu Tui for the past few days.

“I am He Kui, the captain of the third team of the Taiyi Special Force. I have been ordered by the regiment commander to invite you to join our Taiyi Special Force. As long as you pass the combat test, you will immediately become an official member of the Taiyi Special Forces.” He Kui’s voice was like a bell. It was obvious that he was a cultivator from the Extreme Branch.

Xu Tui added He Kui’s contact information and quickly asked, “By the way, what do I need to do after I become an official member? What can I obtain?”

This was something that Xu Tui was more concerned about. He also wanted to understand the situation of the special forces from the side. He had to listen to others and eat his fill.

Mr. Ji and Mr. He’s opinion was that he could not join the Ruan family’s Haotian Special Forces. But they only felt that Taiyi Special Forces formed by the Li family were not compatible with him. They did not forbid him from joining.

Xu Tui wanted to understand. If it was really suitable, he could join in.

“What do you need to do and what can you obtain?” He Kui glanced at Xu Tui. “There are naturally many benefits to joining our Taiyi Special Forces. There is only one thing that needs to be done—obey! As for the rest, if you want to know, you have to pass the combat assessment and become an official member! You’d better request for an actual combat assessment before the 17th. Otherwise, no team will be willing to hire you.”

He Kui turned to leave after he said that. Xu Tui was stunned.

This was too much! This style was not concise and confident, but arrogant! Xu Tui could sense that the Taiyi Special Force was extremely arrogant. He felt that when He Kui looked at him just now, he was looking down on him. Even though he was the Dragon of Huaxia, even though he had fought brilliantly in actual combat on Mars.

“Are all the people from the Taiyi Special Force like this?” Xu Tui asked Luo Murong, who was approaching him.

“In school, the style of the homeroom teacher will silently affect the entire class. Similarly, in the special forces, the commander’s style and personality have a similar effect.” It was rare for Luo Murong to be talkative.

“Is Li Shihua very arrogant?”

“He has the capital.” Zhao Hailong’s voice sounded behind Xu Tui. “It’s not just because he contributed greatly to the three invasions. He also had the right to be proud because of this family background!

“The most powerful presence among the first-generation special forces commanders of the Blue Star, Senior Cheng Fengxi, was his grandmaster! It was said that Li Shihua had always used Senior Cheng Fengxi as a benchmark.

“Li Shihua’s special forces only have four teams under them, but their combat efficiency is the highest. They pay attention to absolute obedience.”

“Absolute obedience?”@@novelbin@@

“Yes, I was a little hesitant last year because of these words. That’s why I only became their reserve member,” Zhao Hailong said. After saying that, Zhao Hailong asked, “What about you? Have you considered it?”

Xu Tui was about to answer when a rotund fatty suddenly walked over with a smile. He extended his hand toward Xu Tui from afar.

“Hello, hello. I’m Sha Yue. You must be the Dragon of Huaxia, Xu Tui. I’ve long heard of your name. It’s like thunder in my ears!”

The fatty was grinning from ear to ear. The moment Xu Tui politely extended his hand, a pair of fat hands grabbed onto Xu Tui’s hand and did not let go. He held onto it tightly, making Xu Tui a little tired of it.

Xu Tui tried to pull it out but failed. He had no choice but to retract his hand after the energy field shook slightly.

The fat Sha Yue did not mind. He was still smiling happily. “I am the vice-captain of the Haotian Special Forces. I have long heard that the Dragon of Huaxia, Xu Tui, has a dragon-like battle record. Now, on the orders of the regiment commander, I have specially come to invite you to join our Haotian Special Forces.”

To be honest, this behavior felt quite comfortable. Moreover, this fatty was smiling so happily and looked harmless. However, he had his master’s orders. Moreover, Xu Tui had not forgotten what happened with Lu Guanqing last year.

Xu Tui had spent a lot of effort to defeat Lu Guanqing. He did not expect that in the blink of an eye, he would be used by Ruan Tianzuo to be protected in the extra-terrestrial.

Xu Tui might have already been in the eyes of Ruan Tianzuo. Wouldn’t Xu Tui be asking for trouble if he continued to work for his grandson, Ruan Da?

Xu Tui did not want to play the sloppy game. He was about to refuse when the fatty, Sha Yue, smiled and said, “Student Xu Tui, there are many benefits to our Haotian Special Forces. Every month, there would be an internal exchange. Everyone would have to bring out their unique cultivation insights to exchange.

“Most of the time, our regiment commander would take out Grandpa Ruan’s guidance. If there are any cultivation problems, our regiment commander can even ask his grandfather for guidance.

“Other than that, if you join our Haotian Special Forces, you will be able to obtain the position of vice-captain from the start. You can even lead a team alone after you experience an invasion. It had to be known that in an invasion battle, both the captain and the vice-captain would receive additional commission.

“Other than that, the members who participated in the invasion could obtain the emergency resource bag distributed by the team leader before they participated in the battle. There were at least three bottles of Level C Energy Restoration Elixirs in the bag according to their levels. There was even a Level B Energy Restoration Active Elixir.

“In addition, if the individual rights of the members of the Haotian Special Forces are low, the regiment commander can arrange for the relevant high rights members or friends to obtain the relevant equipment and resources at a discounted price.”