Chapter 737 - 737 The Principal’S Arrangement And The Quantum Beacon (1)

737 The Principal’s Arrangement and the Quantum Beacon (1)

The extraterrestrial special forces was a spontaneous organization. However, in reality, after it was established, it still needed to be officially registered. They could only enjoy the corresponding benefits and rewards after they were officially registered.

Especially the naming reward!

For example, the spaceport on Phobos was called the Gavro Spaceport in memory of the Fire God, Gavro. During the invasion, some of the newly discovered celestial bodies would also be named after the special forces, including some of the gains. The special forces who participated in the invasion had basic benefits.

It was not difficult to register.

!!

Xu Tui made a trip to the Special Affairs Division and completed the registration as the regimental commander. He obtained a backstage entrance to the special forces. Xu Tui could handle the increase or decrease of members himself through this.

Xu Tui kept a low profile and did not attract much attention. However, what Xu Tui did not know was that while he was registering for the Worldly Special Force, Cai Shaochu’s assistant, Fang You, quickly arrived at the Milky Way Spirit Research Institute.

“Principal, I just received a notice from the Special Affairs Division that Xu Tui has already registered a special force. The name of the special force is Worldly. There are only nine members including Xu Tui, including the former Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong.”

Fang You’s report made Cai Shaochu stop what he was doing. The corners of his serious face curled up slightly. “Did he publicize the recruitment?”

“Principal, there have been no actions in this area so far,” Fang You reported.

“Then help him promote it.”

Fang You was stunned. He pointed at himself and said in shock, “Me? Help Xu Tui promote the Worldly Special Force and recruit people for him? Principal, my identity might represent the school or even you. Isn’t that inappropriate?”

“I’m not asking you to recruit people for him. Instead, I want you to spread this news! Let those two little things know. They’re about to fight for the quantum beacon. It’s time to increase their pressure!” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, do you mean to let the Taiyi Special Force and the Haotian Special Force know about the establishment of the Worldly Special Force?” Fang You asked.

Cai Shaochu nodded gently. “Leave the rest to them.”

“Understood.”

After Fang You left, Cai Shaochu came to the floor-to-ceiling window in the hall of the research institute and looked down at the entire Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. “I wonder which will come in, a catfish, a tiger shark, or a shrimp?”

Amidst his muttering, Cai Shaochu dialed Ji Guoliang’s number. He did not know where Ji Guoliang was. When he did not get through at first, Cai Shaochu changed to another communication device before he could contact Ji Guoliang.

“Old Ji, thank you for your cooperation. Your student has already established the Worldly Special Force on his own,” Cai Shaochu said.

“The group’s name is Worldly? This kid is quite ambitious. However, it’s a problem with our Genetic Miracle!” Ji Guoliang smiled and said, “Old Cai, since he has set up the special force on his own, I’ll leave that person to you. All my members of the Genetic Miracle are only children. You have to guarantee his safety.”

“In an invasion battle, everyone has to rely on their own abilities. Even I can’t guarantee his safety in an invasion battle. However, in a narrower sense, I can guarantee his safety on the moon, Mars, and various satellites,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Old Cai, don’t be careless. Itavi has returned to the extra-terrestrial, right?” Ji Guoliang suddenly asked.

“That’s right! He’s already back, but he has a strong temper. The incident at the Konarak Sun Temple has caused him a huge loss both internally and externally.” While they were chatting, Cai Shaochu was suddenly shocked. “I’m talking about your disciples and grand-disciples. Why are you mentioning that old thief, Itavi?”

“I’m just asking you to be more careful, lest this old thief discover something and secretly deal with Xu Tui. When the time comes, my heart will ache. However, you have to be slapped for the rest of your life!” Ji Guoliang said.

“What do you mean? Did Xu Tui provoke Itavi?” Cai Shaochu, who had a sharp reaction, suddenly froze. He thought of something. “Don’t tell me that he was the one who massacred the people in the Konarak Sun Temple?”

“Most likely!”

Ji Guoliang’s voice stunned Cai Shaochu. Even Cai Shaochu had applauded this incident back then.

Cai Shaochu was a Huaxia racist. He was very happy to weaken the India Sector, the American Sector, and the European Sector. Cai Shaochu had also studied the relevant information through various channels, but he could not find any possible traces of the murderer.

Now, when he heard from Ji Guoliang that Xu Tui was the one who did it, one could imagine how shocked he was.

“What did you mean by most likely? Did he tell you everything, or is it your guess? Or do you have evidence?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“Heh, these two little fellows, especially Xu Tui, might be very cautious because they have never come into contact with me before. How could they tell us everything? It was cleaned up very cleanly. I can’t make a judgment,” Ji Guoliang said.

“Then that’s just your speculation? Old Ji, you have to tell me the truth. I have to have a rough and accurate judgment of this kid’s strength. You know about the special forces. Although they are not a meat grinder, they are still a battlefield. Especially in the past few years, that person from the Ruan family has gone overboard!” Cai Shaochu said anxiously.@@novelbin@@

“Reason? You should have some impression of the advanced artificial intelligence I created, right?”

“Da Huang? You saw it from Da Huang’s database?”