Chapter 732 - 732 The Teachers’ Opinion (2)

732 The Teachers’ Opinion (2)

“By the way, Hailong, our Huaxia Sector has seven planetary-level powerhouses. Why are there only two descendants of planetary-level powerhouses who came out to form special forces?

“What about the descendants of the other Planetary realm powerhouses? Do they want to stay in these two special forces or do they have other choices?” Xu Tui suddenly thought of this question while they were chatting.

“Actually, there are also teams among Planetary realm powerhouses. For example, Li Qingping and He Longjin are both Planetary realm powerhouses of the Extreme Branch. He Longjin’s descendant also joined the Taiyi Special Forces.

“Another example was the planetary-level powerhouse, Jian Zhen. I knew that he had two younger sons who were extremely outstanding. I had even seen them last year. However, they did not join the two special forces. They are still free,” Zhao Hailong said.

“What about the others?”

“The others?” Zhao Hailong did not seem to have reacted for a moment, but Luo Murong suddenly answered.

“None!”

“What do you mean?” It was Xu Tui’s turn to be stunned.

“It’s just that the other planetary-level powerhouses don’t have any bloodline descendants. Some of them are also ordinary. They are not genetic nouveau riche!” Zhao Hailong explained.

Xu Tui was stunned for a few seconds before he understood. It seemed that not all descendants of planetary-level and quasi-planetary-level powerhouses were genetic nouveau riche, second-generation genetic newcomers.

The reason was simple. It had to do with their wives.

In theory, as long as one of his parents’ genes was strong enough, they could give birth to a second-generation genetic newcomer. However, reality proved that his parents had to be strong.

The most obvious example was the current Planetary realm powerhouse, Pei Tiefeng. His wife was only a genetic mutation realm cultivator. The descendants of the two of them were very ordinary.

There were many such situations among Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses.

Later on, after the research of a famous geneticist, they discovered that their descendants had inherited some of their father’s powerful genes. However, most of the other genes that they had inherited from their mother had been suppressed or even destroyed by their parents’ powerful genes.

This caused their cultivation progress to be extremely slow. First, they had to slowly repair and strengthen their suppressed genes. However, because he was weak, the powerful genes he inherited from his parents naturally suppressed the other genes. His progress was extremely slow.

Naturally, he became extremely mediocre.

Later on, geneticists did a certain amount of in-depth research into the inheritance of the bloodlines of Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses. The genetic inheritance of a father determined the child’s talent, height, and future. However, the genetic inheritance of a mother determined the child’s foundation.

If the evolution level difference between parents exceeded a realm, then the genetic chain of bloodline descendants would be naturally suppressed and unbalanced. In other words, he was born with flaws.

The greater the evolution level difference between parents, the higher the probability of this flaw appearing, and the greater the impact. On the contrary, the smaller the difference in evolution level between parents, or rather, the higher the evolution level of the mother, the more beneficial it would be for the descendants.

For example, the spouse of a Planetary realm powerhouse would be best if she was a Planetary realm powerhouse.

However, that was not realistic. Planetary realm powerhouses were too rare. It was too difficult to find a suitable spouse. A drop of one level meant that the spouse of a Planetary realm powerhouse who was most beneficial to bloodline inheritance was a quasi-Planetary realm powerhouse.

The spouse of a quasi-Planetary realm who was most beneficial to the inheritance of bloodlines was a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

However, the reality was that there were more men than women among the genetic newcomers. Many of the reasons were very complicated. For example, many women did not like to cultivate, fight, and kill. They did not like to take risks and preferred a peaceful life.

A small number of women who walked the path of genetic evolution in the extra-terrestrial also had a higher casualty rate than men in actual combat. This resulted in a situation where there were fewer powerful women among the genetic newcomers.

In fact, some planetary-level powerhouses even placed their sights on the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Xu Tui had seen powerful female genetic newcomers ever since he arrived in the extra-terrestrial. There were, but the proportion was really low.

For some reason, Xu Tui felt a sense of danger. Didn’t that mean that An Xiaoxue, who was at the Genetic Evolution Realm, would become popular after she came to the extra-terrestrial?

However, on second thought, Xu Tui was not worried. An Xiaoxue had the Genetic Miracle backing her. The Genetic Miracle had a planetary-level and two quasi-planetary-level powerhouses. As long as she was unwilling, no one could force her. Besides, there was still Xu Tui.

During the gathering, although everyone drank, they did not drink much. Geniuses at their level had powerful self-discipline. One by one, they dispersed and returned to cultivate.

After Xu Tui returned to his suite, he first called An Xiaoxue to ask her about the special forces and see if there were any taboos regarding genetic miracles.

Xu Tui had gradually integrated into the Genetic Miracle. In his heart, he thought that he was already a member of the Genetic Miracle. Therefore, he had to consider the position of the Genetic Miracle before making certain decisions.

“I don’t really understand this either. A few years ago, I wanted to go to the extra-terrestrial to cultivate, but Mr. Ji said that the extra-terrestrial was too chaotic. He asked me to lay my foundation on the Blue Star first. I’ve heard of it, but I don’t know much about it. Ask Mr. Ji and Mr. He. They must know,” An Xiaoxue said.

“By the way, Xiaoxue, when are you coming to the extra-terrestrial? How’s the recruitment going?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’ll go to the Extra-terrestrial in half a month at the latest. I’m quite lucky this year to have recruited a qualified seedling. I’ll lay the foundation for her and hand it over to Bian Yuan to take care of her before leaving for the Extra-terrestrial.”@@novelbin@@

…

“Mr. Ji, I have something to ask you. I’m currently in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. Is there anything special about the choice of the special forces?” Xu Tui first contacted Mr. Ji Guoliang.

Suddenly, He Yunfeng’s voice rang out on Ji Guoliang’s phone. “Little Xu Tui, you can decide for yourself how to play with the special forces. However, you must not join the Ruan Family’s sinister special forces! Not only can’t you join, but if you have the chance, teach the Ruan family a lesson. F*ck, I won’t let them off for the rest of my life!”

Xu Tui was stunned. So these two were together. However, An Xiaoxue had mentioned it once before. These two seemed to be working hard to find Shang Long’s whereabouts. They were also preparing for An Xiaoxue to explore the wasteland.

“Uh, I understand, Mr. He.”

“Haha, it’s indeed our Genetic Miracle! I’ll give you something good the next time we meet!” He Yunfeng laughed out loud.

At this moment, Ji Guoliang’s voice rang out again. “Little Xu Tui, Yunfeng is right. You can play with the special forces as you please, but you must not join the Ruan Family. You might be in big trouble in the future. As for the Li family’s Taiyi Special Forces, it doesn’t seem to fit you. Moreover, the Li family is not fun either. Do as you deem fit. Alright, contact us or leave a message if there are any problems that you can’t solve. There’s something going on, I’ll hang up first.”

Xu Tui was dumbfounded in the suite. He could not join the Ruan Family’s Haotian Special Force. And it was inappropriate to join the Taiyi Special Force.

Basically, there was none he could choose from. Was this asking him to choose whatever he wanted?