Chapter 733 - 733 Invading And Cosmic Lifeforms

733 Invading and Cosmic Lifeforms

On the 1st of July, the collective training of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College officially began.

Efficiency came first in the extra-terrestrial. There was no meeting or ceremony. Everyone only received a slightly long message from Principal Cai Shaochu.

“Welcome to the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. This will be the starting point of your conquest of the universe. In the first 15 days of the collective training, there would be theory classes, combat classes, and survival classes. You are free to choose your courses.

“Eighteen days later, there would be the routine space invasion battle. Whether or not you participate in the battle is up to you. Of course, it was also related to your gains and benefits. The last sentence is advice to this year’s new students.

“Form your team or join a team as soon as possible. In a space invasion, suitable teammates could allow you to successfully survive and obtain huge benefits. This is also your first step to truly come into contact with the extra-terrestrial.

“The Moon is actually just the spaceport of the Blue Star.”

Just as Cai Shaochu’s message had said, the students in the past did not have much of a reaction. However, every new student, including Xu Tui, had read the message several times.

It contained a lot of information.

Space invasion!

It sounded a little too much. Could the Blue Star humans already fight an invasion and counterattack? It seemed that there was still a lot of information about the extra-terrestrial that they did not know.

However, the most important thing now was to improve himself.

The curriculum of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College was still mainly efficient. All the classes are listed clearly. They can attend the class personally. If they don’t have time, they can go to the information hall of the library to watch the recording. If they have any questions, they can ask the teacher on the spot if they can answer them.

Xu Tui’s first lesson was Origin Energy Theory. The teacher was Esson, a teacher from the European Sector.

“Students who can come here must have participated in Mars actual combat or gone to Mars. They know about Origin Energy and Origin Crystals. However, I have to tell you today that energy is everywhere!”

As soon as this concept appeared, the new students sitting here and listening to the class immediately became curious. They kept asking questions.

“I’ve taught the same lesson dozens of times, so I know what you’re going to ask. Don’t interrupt me next. Listen to me. After I finish, if you have any questions, ask again. The first question that you are most concerned about is, since energy is everywhere, why doesn’t our mother planet have energy?

“Up until now, no research institute has said that the Blue Star doesn’t have any energy. On the contrary, powerful quasi-planetary-level and planetary-level powerhouses can sense the ubiquitous energy on the Blue Star.

“However, the energy on the Blue Star was too thin. It was even thinner than the energy on an asteroid thousands of times smaller. The specific reason was not known at the moment.

“However, much research has discovered that the energy concentration on the Blue Star should not be like this. Something that we do not know might have happened. We will leave it for you to decrypt.

“Does the moon have any energy? The answer is, definitely, yes! The energy on the moon is relatively stable, pure, and gentle. The concentration is a little lower than the concentration during the non-energy tide on Mars. The energy concentration on Mars during the energy tide was the highest known. Even Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could sense it.

“However, there were strange fluctuations in the energy during the Mars Origin Tide. It had a huge impact on Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. This was also the reason why Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could not enter during the Mars Origin Energy Tide.

“Similar restrictions were very common in the solar system. Many planets and satellites in the solar system had similar restrictions at certain times. However, there were no such restrictions in the Milky Way. There were even no restrictions on the footprints of some planetary-level powerhouses.

“No one knows the reason for this yet. However, it might very well be related to the reason why the Spiritual Race wants to occupy the Blue Star, which has extremely little energy.”

Esson answered his own questions and spoke very quickly.

“The third key question is, can you absorb the omnipresent energy to cultivate? Can you replace the expensive Origin Crystals to cultivate? Origin energy can always be cultivated directly. However, before this, it was only limited to Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

“Only by cultivating to the Genetic Transmutation Realm would one be able to discover this ubiquitous Origin Energy and use it for cultivation after their life level increased continuously.

“However, you have to thank the inventor of last year’s mind power useless Origin Crystal Absorption Technique. His invention allowed you to directly absorb energy to cultivate under the energy tide or in places with a high concentration of energy.”

No student looked at Xu Tui.

The inventor of the mind power useless Origin Crystal was not an absolute secret. It was semi-public. However, as long as no one specially investigated, they would not discover that Xu Tui had invented it.

The method of absorbing energy from useless mind power Origin Crystal was introduced by the Huaxia Genetic Research Institute.

“I know how you feel. You must be asking again, with the help of the useless mind power Origin Crystal, can you absorb energy on the moon? There’s already relevant research. The answer is yes, but it’s not worth it! Doing double the work was not enough to describe the cost-effectiveness of cultivation. It was extremely inefficient.

“Why was this happening? This was because the energy concentration on the moon was not high enough.

“However, some of the undeveloped planets in the solar system, asteroid belts, or even planets in the Milky Way had a much higher concentration of Origin Energy than the moon and Mars. It could be said to be a cultivation paradise. Of course, the danger was extremely great.

“If you are lucky, you might gain something in the future space invasion. Oh, I have a small suggestion. If you could ensure your safety in such a place, then, make the best use of your time to cultivate for a period of time. That might be an opportunity for you to overtake others.”

…

It took two hours to attend Esson’s lesson, but there was a lot of information in it. It was all dry stuff that the Blue Star did not have.

All the new students pricked up their ears, afraid that they would miss a word. As for why the Blue Star Genetic Evolution College did not have this knowledge, the reason was very simple. If he did not have a certain level of understanding, knowing these things that were too advanced would only harm him.

According to the information revealed by the teachers, the tracks of the strongest human on the Blue Star had not only left the solar system, but the furthest one had also left the Milky Way and arrived at the extragalactic system.

Note that this is an exploration footprint of superpowers. The range of human technology was still within the solar system. If this huge difference spread on the Blue Star, it would definitely cause a cognitive storm!

The other lesson that caused a huge storm of understanding was the alien life lesson taught by the chief instructor, Black Tower.

Currently, humans have discovered thousands of alien lives. They were extremely complicated. However, in general, they were divided into two types.

One was the aboriginal type of the mother planet, which was aboriginal alien lifeforms that could only live on their mother planet. There were many such alien lifeforms. Currently, more than 90% of the extraterrestrial lifeforms that were discovered were such aboriginal alien species.

However, such a native extraterrestrial life form could not be underestimated. If they discovered an aboriginal extraterrestrial life form during a space invasion, they had to be extremely careful. Aboriginal extraterrestrial life forms might not have the power to walk out of their home planet, but they might have immense power on their home planet.

In the records, two quasi-planetary-level powerhouses had even died at the hands of the aboriginal extraterrestrial lifeforms.

The other was cosmic life.

The definition was also very simple. Those who could walk out of their home planet were considered cosmic lifeforms.

Currently, the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, the Fission Race, and the Spiritual Race are all under the category of cosmic life.

However, it was obvious that the Spiritual Race was stronger than the Dissimilate Clan, the Fission Race, and the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The humans of the Blue Star judged from various channels that the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race were very likely to be controlled or even ruled by the Spirit Race.

The last piece of news that shocked Xu Tui was the news about the octagon body he wanted to sense recently. Whether it was the full-frequency energy tester on the Moon or the full-wave information tester on Phobos, the octagon body was a cosmic lifeform with a high degree of evolution.

It was a cosmic lifeform that the Fire God, Gavro, had discovered and captured alive. It was a cosmic lifeform with powerful support and life abilities, but its combat strength was not particularly powerful.

Of course, the not particularly powerful strength was only for the Fire God, Gavro.

This knowledge shocked Xu Tui. Then the tricolor octagon body that Itavi regarded as a treasure was also a cosmic lifeform? Where did he get it? Moreover, there was one thing that Xu Tui was extremely afraid of.

The full-frequency energy testing device on the moon had once come into contact with Xu Tui. Did that mean that the thing was not dead?

...

It was still alive!

That was a powerful cosmic lifeform that had been captured alive by an existence like the Fire God, Gavro.

Xu Tui and the others’ knowledge kept refreshing as they studied. Cui Xi and the others would also go to the combat and survival classes. Xu Tui only went to the combat and survival classes for a while before he lost interest. He did not need that level of actual combat.@@novelbin@@

The survival class was not very useful to Xu Tui. This was especially so after Xu Tui’s oxygen-powered genetic ability chain was upgraded to Level 2 silver. Xu Tui did not know the limits of his own survival.

Every day, he would eagerly study all kinds of brand new theories. If he did not have any classes, he would study materials in the library of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. His powerful mind power made Xu Tui read and study very quickly.

He memorized a book after flipping through it. He could also understand a portion of it. He had the information he needed and could focus on understanding it. He could read a book in a few minutes.

In just ten days, Xu Tui had finished reading the rare books of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

Over the past ten days, the others, such as Luo Murong and Yan Lie, had received invitations from the special forces. However, the two of them had been delaying and did not agree. They were waiting for Xu Tui’s decision.

Cui Xi and Miao Huanshan were more miserable. No one invited them. In other words, the two special forces, Haotian and Taiyi, did not take a fancy to them! Miao Huanshan was fine. He cultivated an earth-element superpower and had a calm personality. Cui Xi was a little depressed.

On the other hand, Xu Tui had not been disturbed by anyone during the past few days. However, on the 13th of July, Xu Tui’s class of Black Tower ended. He had just stepped out of the door when he was stopped by a student who was more than two meters tall.

“Xu Tui, the Dragon of Huaxia?” the other party asked generously.

...

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. It was here. He wondered if he was from the Haotian Special Force or the Taiyi Special Force.