Chapter 738 - 738 The Principal’S Arrangement And The Quantum Beacon (2)

738 The Principal’s Arrangement and the Quantum Beacon (2)

“No. Their authority is also at Special Level One now. Without their permission, I can’t see the relevant information that they encrypted. However, I had checked Ah Huang’s information trajectory. Ah Huang’s information trajectory also appeared there on the day and a few days before the massacre of the Konarak Sun Temple,” Ji Guoliang said.

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu said softly, “If that’s the case, it’s really possible that he did it. This is also in line with the India Sector’s investigation that the murderer has a unit that is proficient in information warfare. Da Huang happened to fit this slot. Old Ji, are you referring to Xiaoxue and Xu Tui? These two people could kill three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts together? Are they that strong?” Cai Shaochu asked in shock.

“I don’t think so. I don’t know the details of the information disclosed by the India Sector. It’s just a speculation. It’s also to remind you to pay attention to Itavi’s movements. After all, at Itavi’s level, he doesn’t need any evidence. He just needs a little suspicion and he can take action,” Ji Guoliang said.

“I will. In that case, it’s very likely that Xu Tui is a space tiger shark? In that case, we can plan it well,” Cai Shaochu said.

“I say, Old Cai, that’s the only child of my Genetic Miracle. If you dare to go overboard, I’ll fight you to the death. If anything really happens, I’ll poke your butt with a flying sword every day!” Ji Guoliang’s tone was a little anxious.

“Don’t worry.”

“By the way, I’ll have two packages delivered to you in a few days. Remember to give them to Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue respectively.” After he finished speaking, Ji Guoliang suddenly paused. “By the way, Old Cai, aren’t you going to give them something?”

“What?”

“The only child of two generations of my Genetic Miracle is going to participate in the battle this time. Aren’t you going to give them something to save their lives? Otherwise, you would have let down our enthusiasm, right?” Ji Guoliang said.

“Old Ji, give your student to me. I guarantee that I’ll give him all my life-saving items…”

“Scram! Are you going to give it to them or not? If you don’t, I’ll ask this kid to disband the special forces now.”

“You have that influence?” Cai Shaochu did not believe him and looked down on him.

“I didn’t, but Xiaoxue definitely did!”

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu immediately admitted defeat. “Do I need an old thing like you to tell me? I’ve already prepared it!”

“That’s more like it…”

…

On the 15th of July, Xu Tui had just finished his theory lesson with Esson when he was stopped by two burly men. One of them was He Kui, who had come to look for Xu Tui previously.

“Xu Tui, did you really set up your own special force?” He Kui asked in person.

“Yes, I’m sorry.” Xu Tui’s first sentence was an affirmation, and the second was a slight apology for not joining the Taiyi Special Force.

He Kui’s gaze landed on Zhao Hailong, who was standing behind Xu Tui. “Zhao Hailong, did you withdraw from our Taiyi Special Force just to join his special force?”

“Yes! I was just a reserve member in the periphery!” Zhao Hailong answered with certainty.

He Kui looked at Xu Tui, then at Zhao Hailong. He let out a cold snort. “You overestimate yourself! Traitor!” With that, He Kui left.

The first sentence was for Xu Tui, and the last word was for Zhao Hailong.

As soon as He Kui left, the chubby Sha Yue appeared in front of Xu Tui and the others. He still had a smile on his face, but that smile was very faint. It looked more like Sha Yue’s natural expression.

“It looks like it’s true that our Dragon of Huaxia, Xu Tui, established the Worldly Special Force,” Sha Yue said.

“I’m sorry.” Xu Tui expressed his apology.

“Sigh, congratulations! It’s just a pity that I haven’t had the time to inform you of good news. The two youngest sons of the seven planetary-level powerhouses of the Huaxia Sector, Mr. Jian Zhen, has already decided to join our Haotian Special Force. Even Mr. Jian Zhen has agreed to be the honorary consultant of our Haotian Special Force.” After he finished speaking, Sha Yue looked at Xu Tui and the others calmly with his signature smile.

Xu Tui, Zhao Hailong, and Luo Murong were all a little shocked. How should he put it? This news was very heavy. On a deeper level, it could be said to be the symbol of the alliance of Ruan Tianzuo and Jian Zhen, two planetary-level powerhouses.

With two planetary-level powerhouses working together, their right to speak was extraordinary. As for the two planetary-level powerhouses and several quasi-planetary-level powerhouses behind him, the members of the Haotian Special Force were really popular.

The impact would probably be far-reaching.

Sha Yue had come over to show off.

“Xu Tui, our regiment commander said that if you are willing to join our Haotian Special Force, our regiment commander can directly give you a spot in the special force. You will become the captain of the special force.

“You will have absolute autonomy over most of the matters of your special combat team,” Sha Yue said again when he saw the shock on Xu Tui and the others’ faces. This time, he was recruiting again. The conditions were even better than before.

However, be it Xu Tui’s natural stand, Lu Guanqing’s matter, the instructions of the two teachers, or the ambitions exposed by the Haotian Special Force, none of them could make Xu Tui join the Haotian Special Force.

Xu Tui might have been tempted if the Taiyi Special Force had given him such generous conditions.

“Sorry!”

The word made Sha Yue slightly angry. He did not understand why Xu Tui was still so persistent even though the conditions were already so generous. If it were him, he would have agreed long ago!

However, as the vice-captain in charge of foreign affairs in the Haotian Special Force, Sha Yue was exceptionally shrewd. Although he was angry, the smile on his face became even wider.

“In that case, I wish the Worldly Special Force a victory. We can work together if we have the chance.” After saying that with a smile, Sha Yue suddenly looked at Li Zheng, who was not far away. “Student Li Zheng, you have already received an official invitation from our Haotian Special Force. Moreover, you have verbally agreed. It’s not appropriate for you to leave without saying a word, right?” This was also the reason why Sha Yue had come.

“I only said that I would consider it first. I didn’t agree!” Li Zheng’s response was very tough.

“Student Li Zheng, if you have any needs, feel free to ask! All the members of our team take good care of girls. Even if your requirements are higher, we can satisfy them! You’d better consider this carefully. There won’t be a good ending for toying with our Haotian Special Force!”

“Enough!” Xu Tui shouted when he heard Sha Yue’s threat.

Initially, Xu Tui did not want to interrupt. However, Sha Yue had gone overboard. Sha Yue, who had been reprimanded, looked at Xu Tui with a sharp gaze. His face was still filled with smiles, but his eyes were filled with coldness.

Li Zheng was one of the few precious resources in the extra-terrestrial. Even if the regiment commander did not fancy her in the end, the eyes of the rest of the members of the Haotian Special Force would have turned green. It was most reassuring to slowly tame and control such resources by his side. Even if they did not have the ability, their elders would be very enthusiastic.

“Xu Tui, are you trying to start a fight?” Sha Yue asked with a smile. His aura suddenly became sinister.

“I’m not interested in arguing. I just want to tell you that we’re all from the Huaxia Sector. We’re all Chinese. We’re all classmates. Don’t go overboard! Li Zheng had the freedom to choose. If she is willing to join the Haotian Special Force, I wish her the best! But no one can force her if she’s unwilling!” Xu Tui shouted.

Sha Yue smiled and stared at Xu Tui with a cold gaze for a while before saying, “Commander Xu is right. We’re all from the Huaxia Sector. We’re all classmates. However, don’t forget that this is the extra-terrestrial!”

After saying that, Sha Yue glared at Li Zheng and turned to leave. His plump figure was extremely agile.@@novelbin@@

“Thank you. I might have caused you trouble.” Li Zheng felt very guilty.

“They went overboard! Besides, we were once comrades and fought side by side, right?” Xu Tui said.

“Yes!” Li Zheng nodded heavily.

…

On the 16th of July, Xu Tui received a notice from the Extraterrestrial Special Affairs Department.

“Student Xu Tui, the meeting on the distribution of rights to the return quantum beacon during the invasion is about to begin. As the newly registered commander of the special forces, you are qualified to participate in the competition for the return quantum beacon. Of course, you can choose to forfeit.”

...

“The time and place of the meeting!”

In a space invasion, the return quantum beacon was very important. If he could obtain the right to hold it, he had to obtain it!