Chapter 730 - 730 The First Generation Captain And Milestone

730 The First Generation Captain and Milestone

Xu Tui had been paying too much attention to his cultivation recently. Even Cui Xi and Miao Huanshan, who had just arrived, could chat about the special forces and the genetic nouveau riche. However, Xu Tui could only listen.

The special forces was a student organization that was not part of the school but was recognized by the school.

At the same time, the special forces were also a tradition in the extra-terrestrial since the Great Genetic Age.

It was a memorial and a pioneer!

!!

There were mainly two people to commemorate: Cheng Fengxi and Gavro.

Cheng Fengxi was the founder of genetic ancient martial arts. A hundred years ago, during the years of resisting the invasion, Cheng Fengxi had led the special forces that he had formed. They had appeared and disappeared unpredictably, fought on the moon, and made outstanding contributions.

The first generation of the energy theory system was accumulated bit by bit by Cheng Fengxi and his special forces from the captives and the information they obtained from fighting against the alien invaders.

The quantum portal of the moon was protected by Cheng Fengxi’s special forces. When they lost the battle on the moon, the Spiritual Race wanted to destroy the quantum portal on the moon when they retreated. This was the outcome of Cheng Fengxi’s special forces.

There were many similar battle records, including the first team of explorers on Mars. They were also his special forces. Back then, the founder of the Genetic Miracle, Shang Long, was in Cheng Fengxi’s special forces.

He later disappeared in the pursuit of the asteroid belt. Some said that he had died in battle, some said that he had disappeared, and some said that he had been captured. However, from 2049 to 2079, Cheng Fengxi was undoubtedly the number one person in Huaxia and the number one person on the Blue Star. In those 30 years, he had personally established the genetic ancient martial arts cultivation system.

The second commander of the special forces was called Gavro. He came from the European Sector and was known as the Fire God. He was the representative of the strongest person in the Mystery Branch.

After Cheng Fengxi, that was his era. At that time, even an expert like Shang Long would pale in comparison to the glory of the Fire God, Gavro.

His most impressive battle record was that he brought his special forces and destroyed six satellites of Mars in a row. He also killed his way into Phobos, took back Phobos, and controlled the quantum portal of Phobos.

He also used the information time difference to forcefully distort the landing point of the quantum portal. He guarded the quantum portal of Phobos for three months and killed seven alien planetary-level powerhouses and 34 quasi-planetary-level powerhouses. His killing intent shook the space.

Unfortunately, he died on the spot when the two Saints of Water and Fire came to the Spiritual Race’s aid.

However, his special forces had also successfully severely injured the Water and Fire Saints even though they had paid a huge price. The Water and Fire Saints of the Spiritual Race had fled in panic.

If Cheng Fengxi’s special forces had taken back the moon and explored Mars, then Gavro’s special forces had given the Blue Star humans a foundation to stabilize on Mars.

This was a memento!

However, that was not all.

In the past hundred years, those famous planetary-level powerhouses had all been the commander of the special forces. For example, Shang Long, Itavi, and Agarvin from the American Sector had all formed or been the commander of the special forces.

Most importantly, every captain of the special forces would eventually become a Planetary realm powerhouse.

Most of the members of the special forces had grown into quasi-planetary-level powerhouses. There were even planetary-level powerhouses. This was the fundamental reason why the special forces had become a tradition and were preserved in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

The special forces were more like a growth exchange group of top experts.

However, in the past 50 years, the tradition of the special forces had also evolved. This evolution was also accepted by the various alliances.

The first generation of special forces organized by Cheng Fengxi, Gavro, and the others had the attribute of the Blue Star. In the special forces, there were elites from all sectors. Their goal was very simple—to fight for the Blue Star!

The second-generation special forces, such as Shang Long, Itavi, Agarvin, and the others, had obvious alliance attributes.

The further it was, the more obvious it became, especially after the Blue Star humans stabilized their footing on Mars.

However, it was not pure.

For example, in the special forces that Shang Long had formed back then, there were still people from the other sectors. When it came to people like Cai Shaochu and Ruan Tianzuo, the attributes of the alliance were even more prominent. Most of the members of the special forces formed by the experts of the Huaxia Sector were from the Huaxia Sector.

The third-generation special forces were even purer.

However, the third generation of the special forces was dominated by another group of people—genetic nouveau riche.

What does genetic nouveau riche mean?

Actually, it was related to genetic inheritance since the Great Genetic Age.

The current research level was mainly focused on the largest number of ordinary genetic newcomers.

The conclusion was that among genetic newcomers, the higher the level of their parents’ evolution, the better the genes their descendants would inherit. Their basic physical fitness would be about 5% to 10% stronger than ordinary people.

However, this research sample was based on the data of a large number of genetic liberators and genetic mutants.

The genetic inheritance changes of the descendants of the Genetic Evolution Realm, Genetic Transmutation Realm, quasi-planetary-level, and planetary-level powerhouses were too rare. There was no conclusion yet.

Although there were no scientific conclusions, the reproduction pattern among the top experts was not a secret.

The higher the level of evolution, the higher the genetic evolution of the child.

The foundation of a genetic evolution of a child after birth was based on the mother’s genetic evolution. The impact factor of genetic evolution is based on the father’s genetic evolution. It was very complicated.

In short, they were the second-generation newcomers during the Genetic Evolution Era.

They often had the parents of a Planetary realm or quasi-Planetary realm powerhouse. They had the strength of the Genetic Mutation Realm the moment they were born.

Their genetic ability chain was more stable, and their related abilities increased faster. While they inherited a portion of their parents’ powerful genetic abilities, their individual abilities would even mutate.

Their individual strength far exceeded that of genetic newcomers of the same age and level.

At the same time, they were also regarded by the Blue Star powerhouses as the next generation of Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses.

This was not a false expectation! This was real!

This was because a portion of the first batch of genetic nouveau riche had already grown into quasi-planetary-level powerhouses.

Everyone firmly believed that there would be more quasi-planetary-level and planetary-level powerhouses among them. Of course, this was not only because of their status as genetic nouveau riche, but also because of the resources behind them.

They had Planetary realm or even quasi-Planetary realm parents. They had a complete path to the heavens in terms of resources, guidance, and cultivation planning since they were young. It was completely different from geniuses like Xu Tui and Cui Xi.

Therefore, these genetic nouveau riche had been living and cultivating in the extra-terrestrial since they were young. They did not have much of a reputation on the Blue Star.

However, the extra-terrestrial was their home ground!

“Basically, that’s it. The special forces are considered future connections and circles. It’s also a two-way choice. However, the current special forces were basically based on the alliance. Many of the disputes within the six alliances were also resolved to a certain extent through the special forces.

“Because they have Planetary realm powerhouses or quasi-Planetary realm powerhouses backing them. Many times, the special forces will be affected by the will of these powerhouses. They might even fight!” At this point, Zhao Hailong sighed softly. “How should I put it? There are many benefits, but there are also many disadvantages. One might become a sacrifice in the battle between the alliances or the Planetary-level powerhouses.”

The topic became a little heavy at this point.

...

Xu Tui raised his brows. “Since there’s trouble and I might become a sacrifice, I won’t join.”

“If you don’t, you’ll miss many opportunities. However, the key is that if they recruit you, it means that they see your strength and potential. If you refuse, you’ll definitely be suppressed or even dealt a blow by them.” At this point, Zhao Hailong added, “Don’t doubt this. The higher the position, the crueler the struggle.”

“Indeed.” Luo Murong, who had always been quiet, suddenly added, “According to my teacher, when the alien invaders first arrived a hundred years ago, the Blue Star humans were one. Everything was for the Blue Star.

“However, as humans reoccupied the moon and chased the alien invaders out of the moon, the six alliances began to split for benefits. Even the sacrifice of Cheng Fengxi and Gavro is a result of the internal strife in the six alliances.”

“That’s right. The capture of Phobos by the Blue Star humans was a landmark event. Ever since then, the six alliance camps have become very obvious. The destructive pressure brought about by the alien invaders disappeared, and the internal friction began. The fact that the India Sector has not been able to establish a Mars base for so many years is another landmark event.”

Xu Tui’s gaze wavered slightly when Zhao Hailong said this. To be honest, he had contributed greatly to the destruction of the Mars base after the India Sector had built it this year.

“Last year, with the successful establishment of the Huaxia Sector’s Second Mars Base and the newly discovered foreign quantum portal, it will be another milestone. According to my teacher, the battle between the six major sectors of the Blue Star will reach a brand new height because of wasteland development,” Luo Murong said.

“That’s right. Murong is right. In the future, although the battles between the six major sectors of the Blue Star will not reach the level of the previous world wars, the battles will definitely be even more cruel for the sake of benefits. In the end, this kind of battle will often be displayed in elite-type small-scale battles,” Zhao Hailong said.

“For example, the special forces?” Xu Tui asked.

Zhao Hailong nodded, but Cui Xi became a little angry. “Then what’s the point of joining a special force?”

“Only by grouping up can we survive!” Zhao Hailong said.

...

“Don’t forget the power struggle between the Planetary realm powerhouses and the Genetic Committee within the six sectors. The greater the benefits, the more intense this battle will be!” Luo Murong added.

This made Xu Tui doubt his life. Why did he come to the extra-terrestrial when it was so dangerous? Of course, Xu Tui knew very well that he had to come to the extra-terrestrial if he wanted to continuously improve himself.

The Blue Star was ultimately a pond!@@novelbin@@

“In that case, our Huaxia Sector must have a corresponding special force,” Yan Lie asked.

“Yes, there is! There are two special forces in the Huaxia Sector. The strongest special force is led by the grandson of the Planetary realm powerhouse, Ruan Tianzuo, Ruan Da!”