Chapter 739 - 739 Cooperation Request And The Big Picture

739 Cooperation Request and the Big Picture

Xu Tui had a deeper understanding of the space invasion over the past few days.

The so-called space invasion was mainly to enter through the moon’s quantum portal and teleport the participants to an unknown planet through a random frequency. However, this unknown was limited.

In the current experiment, the range of teleportation was still within the solar system.

Humans on the Blue Star had a much better understanding of the research and usage of quantum portals than most people.

According to the information that Xu Tui could currently access, the quantum portal of the moon had two major teleportation frequency channels. The fixed frequency channel was Mars. The other random teleportation frequency channel changed every year. The duration of each time varied.

The date this year was July 19th.

After the random teleportation frequency channel of the quantum portal was switched on, the participating students could be teleported over.

However, returning was the most important question.

After countless research and experiments, and after paying a huge sacrifice, humans on the Blue Star grasped the quantum beacon more than ten years ago. It was a one-time-use quantum portal channel beacon that relied on the frequency information of the moon’s quantum portal.

After the students who participated in the space invasion mission reached a certain level, regardless of whether they succeeded or failed, they only needed to use a large number of Origin Crystals to activate the quantum beacon when they returned to establish a temporary one-way quantum portal.

The participants could return quickly.

This was one of the key technologies that allowed humans on the Blue Star to step into space. As for technological flying equipment, the upper limit of the speed of civilian aircraft was 32 Mach. The upper limit of the speed of ordinary military aircraft was 100 Mach. In the extra-terrestrial, the upper limit of the speed of the most advanced unproduced aircraft was close to 2,000 Mach.

Under such circumstances, if they missed the one-way quantum portal that could return quickly, they would need a certain amount of time to send the most advanced aircraft over through the random directional channel of the quantum portal.

If they were not lucky, this return journey might be forever on the road.

This was because even the most advanced aircraft that had not been mass-produced had a speed of 2,000 Mach, which was about 240,000 kilometers per hour, would take 480 years to fly across a light-year.

Under such circumstances, this kind of quantum beacon that could activate a temporary one-way quantum portal was very important.

It was very important who had it.

Although there were various restrictions, the special forces with quantum beacons naturally had strategic initiative. This was the background and reason for the quantum beacon meeting at the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

The meeting was held in the conference room of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. The participants in the meeting were the captains or designated candidates of the various special forces. The host of the meeting was the previous chief instructor, Black Tower.

Black Tower’s true position was the dean of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

As the commander of the newly-established Worldly Special Force, this was the first time he was participating in a space invasion battle. It was also the first time he was participating in a quantum beacon meeting. Therefore, Xu Tui, the commander, had personally come.

Xu Tui’s Worldly Special Force was still a little inexperienced. The internal functions had not been completely set up.

Xu Tui was already planning. When it was about time, he had to plan the relevant functions.

For example, Xu Tui was the only regiment commander who had personally attended the quantum beacon meeting. The other dozen or so special forces were either vice-captains or designated people-in-charge.

However, this meeting might give Xu Tui a basic understanding of the special forces of the various sectors.

There were two major special forces in the America Sector. One was the Freedom Special Force, and the other was the Superman Special Force.

The strength of the European Sector was slightly scattered. There were a total of three special forces: the Apollo Special Force, the Eternal Special Force, and the Titan Special Force.

There were also two major special forces in the Russian Federation. They were the Slavic Special Force and the Warhammer Special Force.

There were also two major special forces in the India Sector. It was the Indrat Special Force and the Galurot Force. It was said that these two special forces were related to Itavi.

There was only one special force in the Africa Sector called the Wand Special Force. However, Wand Special Force of the Africa Sector did not include the elite forces of the Africa Sector in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. Only nearly half of the elites of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College in the Africa Sector joined the Wand Special Force.

The other forces of the Africa Sector in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College were included in the special forces of the various sectors.

There were elite students from the Africa Sector in the special forces of the Huaxia Sector, the European Sector, and the American Sector.

Finally, it was the Huaya Sector.

Actually, the Huaya Sector was divided into the Huaxia Sector and the other sectors of the Huaya Sector.

Previously, there had been a total of three special forces. They were the Taiyi Special Force, the Haotian Special Force, and the Heavenly Dao Special Force formed by the other sectors of the Huaya Sector.

Now, there was another special force that Xu Tui had created.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s Worldly Special Force had the least number of people. There were at least 30 official members in the other special forces. There were even more than 100 of them.

The meeting allowed Xu Tui to have a basic understanding of these special forces. Although it was called a meeting, it was actually a notice.

“On the 19th of July, the special forces who are willing to participate in the battle can set off through the random directional tunnel of the quantum portal.

“However, before you set off, there were two things that we had to decide on. Firstly, we had to determine the order in passing through the quantum portal. Secondly, we had to determine which special forces to hold onto the return quantum beacon. We’ll draw lots according to the old rules.”

At this point, Chief Instructor Black Tower laughed. “As for which special forces hold quantum beacons, it will depend on strength. It will still be the same as before.@@novelbin@@

“At 10 a.m. tomorrow, gather at the combat training ground and engage in actual combat in a special environment. The three special forces that have persisted for the longest can obtain the main, secondary, and backup quantum beacons respectively.”

At this point, Chief Instructor Black Tower sighed. “The materials used to prepare the quantum beacons are extremely special. Preparing three quantum beacons is already the best yield at the moment.

“We should have distributed it, but the various alliances had different opinions. In the end, you could only rely on your strength. The candidates for the battle in special environments were still the same. They were distributed according to the proportion of people who participated in the raid.

“Those who had less than 30 people in the special forces could send one person to participate in the battle for the quantum beacon.

“Above 30 people and below 60 people could send out two people to participate in the battle for the quantum beacon. Above 60 people and below 90 people, three people could participate in the battle for the quantum beacon.

“In a special force with more than 90 people, at most four people could participate in the competition for the quantum beacon.

“One spot of the participants would decrease for the special forces which had losses of more than 15% when they participated in the space invasion last year. The lowest number of participants in the various special forces fighting for the quantum beacon is one person!”

After announcing the rules in one go, Chief Instructor Black Tower said, “If you have any questions, ask them now. If not, we’ll start drawing lots.”

“Instructor, are there any casualties in this special environment? What kind of special environment are they in? Are there any equipment and ability restrictions?” Xu Tui was the first to ask.

Clearly, the others had no problems.

“In this special environment, anyone’s ability can be fully unleashed. Under normal circumstances, there will be no casualties unless there are extreme situations. So far, there has never been an extreme situation. Tomorrow, you’ll know the specific special environment. It’s related to the principal,” the chief instructor, Black Tower, revealed. “If there are any more problems, we’ll draw lots.”

Since the arrangement was so clear-cut and it had happened more than once or twice, Xu Tui did not ask further even though he still had doubts. He directly participated in the lot-drawing procedure.

They used a special material that could completely isolate mental perception and energy field perception.

...

Xu Tui’s order was three. It was neither good nor bad. It was easy to tell if the order of entry into an unknown planet was good or bad. Being ranked first was sometimes a benefit and sometimes a disadvantage.

After the short meeting, Xu Tui was about to leave when Sha Yue from the Haotian Special Force, He Kui from the Taiyi Special Force, and another person walked toward Xu Tui at the same time.

“Commander Xu, this is the vice-captain of the Taiyi Special Force, Dai Qi, who is in charge of external affairs. His father is a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, Dai Yizhou.” He Kui gave a simple introduction.

“What are you doing?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“I naturally want the participation spot in your hands,” Sha Yue said directly with a natural smile. “The more participation spots there are, the higher the possibility of obtaining the quantum beacon.”

“That’s right. Xu Tui, there’s only one spot for your Worldly Special Force to participate. My suggestion is that you might as well give this spot to us. In that case, our Taiyi Special Force has a high chance of obtaining a quantum beacon!

“When the time comes to evacuate, the special forces of the Huaxia Sector can also be guaranteed. Moreover, we can contact them in advance and activate the quantum one-way teleportation channel at a more suitable location.

“At the same time, there’s also a 20% discount on the teleportation fee of your Worldly Special Force.” Dai Yizhou raised his request as quickly as possible.

“Teleportation fee, 20%?”

“That’s right. When the time comes, you will have to pay a certain fee if you want to transmit all of your spoils back through the activated quantum one-way teleportation channel. The activation and maintenance of the teleportation passageway also required a large number of Origin Crystals. A 20% discount is already very high,” Dai Yizhou said.

“There are only three participants in the Taiyi Special Force, including yours. There are three participants in the Haotian Special Force. If Xu Tui is willing to transfer your spot, we will have four participants. We would definitely be able to obtain a quantum beacon. At that time, there would be a 30% discount! The members of the Worldly Special Force can even follow our team to ensure your safety!” Sha Yue offered a price.

...

“Safety?” Dai Yizhou scoffed. “Your casualty rate was 16% last year. How is that safe?”

“That was an accident.”

“I think it’s greed.”

Dai Yizhou and Sha Yue started to argue. After he was done, Dai Yizhou looked at Xu Tui. “Xu Tui, I hope that you can consider the big picture. After all, there are only three quantum beacons. Our Huaxia Sector has to obtain a quantum beacon to confirm its complete safety. I suggest you consider the big picture.”

Xu Tui became a little displeased when he heard about the big picture. He was starting to talk about the big picture. The basic cost of passing through just now was 80%. Why did he not mention the big picture so clearly?

In an instant, Xu Tui became very disinterested in the Taiyi Special Force and Dai Yizhou. If they wanted Xu Tui to contribute and talk about the big picture, their basic expenses would be extremely tight.

“This… If that’s the case, wouldn’t the two of you definitely be able to obtain a quantum beacon if you work together? This probability was definitely high. There was no possibility of an accident. This is the big picture!”

“Hah!” Sha Yue chuckled.

Dai Yizhou looked at Xu Tui coldly. “Are you rejecting me?”

“You can think so?”

With a cold grunt, Dai Yizhou turned to leave.

However, Sha Yue looked at Xu Tui and said again, “Think about it. The 30% discount is not low. After all, we have a foundation and continuous consumption when we activate the quantum beacon. We might even lose money.”

“I’ll think about it and answer you tomorrow!”

“As soon as possible! What I need to remind you is that even without your spot, the probability of our Haotian obtaining the quantum beacon is also extremely high. After all, there are three quantum beacons.

“Of course, in that situation, not only would there be no discount, but the toll might also increase according to the cost,” Sha Yue reminded.

“Alright.”