Chapter 731 - 731 The Teachers’ Opinion (1)

731 The Teachers’ Opinion (1)

Currently, the special forces are basically divided into sectors. The main members of the various special forces came from the corresponding sectors. The situation and scale of the special forces were also related to the strength of the various sectors.

For example, there were a total of three special forces in the Huaya Sector and two in the Huaxia Sector.

There was only one special force in the other sectors. However, some of the elites of the Africa Sector were in the special forces of the other sectors.

For example, the Haotian Special Force formed by Ruan Da from the Huaxia Sector was currently the strongest special force in the Huaxia Sector. There were more than 40 members from the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

!!

The other special force of the Huaxia Sector had a strong cultivation characteristic. It was formed by the son of the Planetary realm powerhouse, Li Qingping, Li Shihua. It was called the Taiyi Special Force.

From the name, the Taiyi Special Force that Li Shihua had formed had the intention of cultivating. The core of the team was also mainly genetic ancient martial arts cultivators.

On the contrary, Ruan Da’s Haotian Special Force had some ambition.

Other than that, the special forces of the Huaya Sector were formed by the descendants of planetary-level and quasi-planetary-level powerhouses in the Sing-Malaysia Sector, the Yamato Sector, and the Korean Star Sector.

In fact, among the six alliances, the Huaya Sector was the strongest, but their internal departments were scattered.

Occasionally, elites from the Africa or Russian Federation would appear in these special forces.

“By the way, Hailong, which special force did you join?” Xu Tui suddenly asked when he heard Zhao Hailong’s explanation.

“After I became the Tiger of Huaxia a year ago, I received an invitation from the Haotian Special Force and the Taiyi Special Force. Later on, I chose the Taiyi Special Force. However, because I was not familiar with them, I chose to become a reserve member of them. I wanted to observe and understand them first to avoid being tricked.

“As I was a reserve member, I had gained little during the collective training last year. However, they were relatively free and did not face much danger. However, we have to make a choice this year,” Zhao Hailong said.

“Why?” Yan Lie asked.

“Last year, I chose the Taiyi Special Force and only became a reserve member. I politely rejected the invitation of the Haotian Special Force and did not obtain any benefits. However, I offended the Haotian Special Force.

“In one challenge, I was severely injured by the members of the Haotian Special Force and had to rest for a month to recover. This year, I have to take sides and make a choice. Otherwise…” Zhao Hailong smiled bitterly.

Everyone could not help but gasp when they heard that. They knew Zhao Hailong’s strength very well.

The Tiger of Huaxia from before! Although he had fallen to third place on the Longhu Overall Rankings of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College because of Xu Tui’s ascension, his strength was still there.

However, he was easily severely injured by the members of the Haotian Special Force. He only recovered after a month. The strength of the members of the Haotian Special Force was definitely not ordinary.

“Hailong, what do you think?” Xu Tui raised his eyebrows and added, “We are all brothers who have risked our lives together. If you have anything to say, just say it. As long as it works, it’s fine. If not, we’ll discuss it again.”

Zhao Hailong could be trusted after a few battles. However, Xu Tui also realized that while Zhao Hailong was an upright person, he was also meticulous.

Zhao Hailong was clearly thinking this, but he did not express it.

“That’s right. It should be like this between us brothers in the future.” Cui Xi also shouted.

Zhao Hailong glanced at Cui Xi, then glanced at Xu Tui and said, “My idea is very simple—group up! Those genetic nouveau riches, whose parents are both Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm second-generation newcomers, have a strong sense of superiority. Any of us who joined any special forces would basically have an absolute subordinate status.

“The words “special forces” were not called for nothing. It had the meaning of a military organization. Military orders meant obedience. If we went in alone, we would only have the life of absolute obedience. I hope that if we want to join a special combat unit, it would be best for us to join together. This way, we can obtain a certain level of authority and not be tricked or used as meat shields.” Zhao Hailong said his thoughts directly.

“Choose one out of two!” Xu Tui nodded slightly. “Everyone, think about it first. These two special forces will probably come into contact with you after the training starts tomorrow. Don’t be in a hurry to agree. In a few days, after everyone has some understanding, we’ll gather again. At that time, everyone can talk about their thoughts and decisions. We could see if we could unite and join a certain special force.

“Just as Hailong had said, it was a good thing to be able to join a special force together. If we can’t, then we can’t force it internally. However, no matter what choice we make when the time comes, we can still trust our brothers without worry.”

Xu Tui concluded. He had already become the opinion leader of this small group. This matter had been formed spontaneously. It stemmed from Xu Tui’s strength, his combat strength, and his current reputation.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s opinion was what Zhao Hailong wanted to know the most. However, Xu Tui could not make a decision immediately. Just as Zhao Hailong had said, the choice of the special forces was very important. It could determine the future development and height of all of them. They had to be careful.

They had to make a detailed understanding first. Only then could they make a decision.

Putting this matter aside, everyone ate and drank happily. Occasionally, they would mention something related.