Chapter 735 - 735 Xu Tui’S Choice (2)

735 Xu Tui’s Choice (2)

Sha Yue spoke in one breath. Yan Lie and Cui Xi’s eyes lit up when they heard the benefits. This treatment was too good. He was simply thinking for his teammates.

“Of course, you are the Dragon of Huaxia. If you have any other special conditions, you can raise them. If you can satisfy them, our captain will definitely satisfy them. How about it? If you agree, I’ll contact the regiment commander immediately. The regiment commander will probably hold a welcome banquet today!” Sha Yue said again.

This level of enthusiasm and generous treatment made Xu Tui feel a little embarrassed and rejected him directly. “This… I need to consider it.” Although he was embarrassed by Sha Yue’s enthusiasm, Xu Tui’s stance was still very firm.

“Alright, alright. This is my contact number. Contact me when you’re free! If you have any trouble, you can call me. We’re all from Huaxia. I’ll definitely help you if I can. If I can’t, I’ll think of a way.”

Sha Yue left. Even after he left, Xu Tui and the others could not help but smile. This was probably the charm of smiling faces. To be honest, based on the initial exchange, the style and behavior of the Haotian Special Forces was quite suitable for joining.

However, Lu Guanqing’s matter made Xu Tui wary of the Ruan family. Moreover, the two teachers had a surprisingly unanimous opinion on Ruan Da’s special forces. He could not join him. He might be in big trouble in the future.

Even though the two teachers did not say anything, Xu Tui had his own opinions.

The two teachers thought that Ruan Da’s trouble with the Haotian Special Forces might be related to the competition for the right to speak on the Blue Star.

The word ‘Haotian’ was not simple. After a short interaction, the situation became very clear. It was fine for him to come into contact with the Haotian Special Forces, but he was naturally not allowed to join.

The Taiyi Special Force was not compatible. Before this, Xu Tui had actually wanted to join the Taiyi Special Force. He placed more importance on the genetic ancient martial arts exchange there.

However, Xu Tui was a little displeased with the style and obedience of the Taiyi Special Force. Xu Tui preferred to have a certain degree of autonomy. He did not like to be too restrained. Moreover, Xu Tui preferred to be direct. He did not like to deal with complicated personnel relationships. Previously, it was more comfortable to team up with Yan Lie.

Xu Tui somewhat understood why the two teachers had said to just play casually.

Joining the special forces was just a tradition. He could join or not. Xu Tui suddenly understood when he thought of this.

The two teachers did not allow him to join Ruan Da’s Haotian Special Forces and said that the Taiyi Special Forces did not match him. However, it was impossible to fight alone in the extra-terrestrial. Otherwise, you would be tense even if you took a nap.

Comrades were very important!

Actually, Xu Tui himself was a decent person. His ancestor was a Planetary realm powerhouse, Shang Long. He was only temporarily out of contact. Moreover, Ancestral Master Shang Long was once the commander of the special forces.

Below, the two teachers, Ji Qianli and He Guoliang, were also quasi-planetary-level powerhouses. If Xu Tui really had any problems with his cultivation, he could have asked them. He would have been more at ease and direct.

From this point of view, the benefits of the Haotian Special Force were nothing.

As for the profits, if Xu Tui formed a team himself, he would be able to obtain a considerable amount of profits even if he got contribution points. Why did he have to be controlled by others and accept orders from others?

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea. Why not form a special force of his own to play with? Moreover, there was no need for many people. It was just like forming a special team.

Whether it was the Haotian Special Force or the Taiyi Special Force, their internal structure was also based on the special combat team. They were all implementing the strategy of an elite team.

“Let’s get together tonight.” Xu Tui instructed Luo Murong, Cui Xi, Zhao Hailong, and the others behind him. Their gazes changed. Clearly, Xu Tui had already decided which special forces to join.

The commercialization of the moon was actually not bad. As long as you were willing to offer Origin Crystals, you could get any private room and delicacies. The trading unit of Origin Crystals started from 0.1 grams.

Origin crystals were hard currency in the extra-terrestrial.

Xu Tui had already used up all of his Origin Crystals, except for the dozens of grams of water and earth-element Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui exchanged for it twice after he arrived at the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. In the extra-terrestrial, one could exchange their contribution points for Origin Crystals. The basic price for exchanging Origin Crystals was 1,000 contribution points for a gram. However, the basic right to exchange was Level A.

Those with Level B individual rights could exchange 1,100 contribution points for a gram. As such, the exchange price would increase by 100 points for every major level lower.

For example, the more common Level D individual rights required 1,300 contribution points to exchange for a gram of Origin Crystals. Moreover, there was a limit to the number.

Level A individual rights could exchange it for 50 grams a month, 500 grams a year, 40 grams a month for Level B individual rights, and 400 grams a year. However, very few people could exchange for this quota.

Individual contribution points were harder to earn.

Individual contribution points were related to Origin Crystals. This was also the reason why individual contribution points were worth a lot. To put it bluntly, the relationship was a little like the relationship between money and gold in the past.

However, Xu Tui had already exchanged all of his points for June and July.

80 grams of Origin Crystals consumed 88,000 contribution points.

The 80 grams of Origin Crystals he had exchanged only strengthened Xu Tui’s four Level 2 Genetic Base Points to Level 3 Gold. He still had four to five grams left. Coupled with the custom-made combat armor, Xu Tui’s contribution points had decreased from more than 500,000 to 300,000. If he used them all for cultivation, the consumption would be very fast.

However, it was not a problem to spend 0.1 grams of Origin Crystals to treat a guest to a meal.

At night, there were more people at this small-scale gathering than Xu Tui had expected.

“Xu Tui, Li Zheng also wants to come. She doesn’t want to go to the Haotian Special Forces and wants to team up with us. Do you think you can let her come in and discuss it with us if you don’t object?” Yan Lie rubbed his hands and was a little anxious.

“Sure, we’re all comrades. Come in.”

“Old Xu, Yan Xuejin is coming too. Tell me, if you can get her to group up with you, I’ll let her in. If not, I’ll let her fool around on her own.” Cui Xi was very forthright. “Also, no one wants Tao Guan. The two special forces will only give him a reserve position at most. Look, let him come in if he can. If he can’t, let him get lost.”

Cui Xi brought two people over. Basically, they were all new students who had just arrived at the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. In the past, the third-year students like Luo Murong had already been divided between the two special forces.

Xu Tui had some impression of Tao Guan. They had even fought in the arena of the Longhu List last year. His strength was astonishing. At that time, it was a little unpleasant, but it could not be said to be a grudge. After all, it was a competition between youths.

“Let them all come. Let’s chat together. They’re all from the Huaxia Sector and our school. If we can group up, let’s group up,” Xu Tui said.

“I knew it!” Cui Xi laughed, but Xu Tui stopped him. “Brother Cui, are you calling me Old Xu? Am I very old?”

“Then should I call you Little Xu? Or Little Young Xu? To show how young you are?”

Xu Tui’s expression darkened. Fine, he might as well be Old Xu.

A few minutes later, everyone was seated.

Xu Tui, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Cui Xi, Yan Lie, Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, Miao Huanshan, and Tao Guan. There were a total of eight people.

“Eat first. We’ll talk while we eat.”

The dishes in this restaurant on the moon, Starsea Plaza, were much better than those in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

Xu Tui spoke as he ate. “I know what everyone wants to do when they come over. You want to form a group in the future invasion and join a special force in order to obtain a higher right to speak, status, and benefits. You even want to gain connections in the future!@@novelbin@@

“I’m a person who doesn’t like to beat around the bush when talking to friends. You’re all my comrades. This relationship is solid enough, so I’ll be direct! I had already come into contact with the Haotian Special Force and the Taiyi Special Force.

“However, for many reasons, I will not join either the Haotian Special Forces or the Taiyi Special Forces. I have to tell you this first,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as he said that, everyone who was eating and listening froze. They stopped eating and looked at Xu Tui.

Not joining either one? What is he playing at?

...