Chapter 741 - 741 Battle Of The Fantasy Domain (1)

741 Battle of the Fantasy Domain (1)

There were green mountains in the distance, a river ahead, and a forest not far away. There was even a breeze.

Xu Tui could roughly guess that this was most likely an illusion created by the ability of the principal, Cai Shaochu, a Planetary realm powerhouse. However, wasn’t this too realistic?

Xu Tui pinched his cheeks and clenched a handful of soil. This soil was actually real in his senses!

Xu Tui tore off a leaf and chewed it in his mouth. It was a little bitter. It was also real!

Xu Tui was completely shocked. Wasn’t this too realistic? Or had Cai Shaochu instantly brought them to another place? In any case, it was impossible for there to be green mountains and clear waters on the moon.

He instantly activated his mental perception. In his mental perception, everything could not be more real. Microscopic perception was realistic.

Perception Penetration. Three seconds later, Xu Tui’s mental perception suddenly passed through a layer of folded white fog. He could vaguely see a few figures.

Cai Shaochu, who was standing solemnly on the combat training ground of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, suddenly frowned. Almost instantly, Xu Tui felt the white fog that his mental perception had just passed through begin to fold and distort. In an instant, his perception felt like he had fallen into a swamp.

Xu Tui was stunned. This was an illusion! However, with Cai Shaochu’s strength, he could create such a realistic illusion.

“Standard asteroid gravity ecology. The enemy will appear in a minute.” Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded softly in the combat training ground. However, in the Fantasy Domain, Cai Shaochu’s voice seemed to be ringing in everyone’s ears.

Cai Shaochu’s gaze swept past the seven supervisors. This was also a mess caused by the various alliances. They were afraid that Cai Shaochu would be biased, so they, the supervisors, existed.

Of course, the worries of the various alliances were true. If there was no supervision, Cai Shaoshao would definitely cheat for the Huaxia Sector’s special forces without hesitation.

If the Huaxia Sector could not take away two of the three quantum beacons, the Fantasy Domain would not be opened by Cai Shao. Unfortunately, under the supervision of the seven quasi-planetary-level powerhouses, even he and his Fantasy Domain could not do anything.

However, when Cai Shaochu’s gaze swept past Kitawan, his heart skipped a beat. With a thought, the borders of the Fantasy Domain became thicker. The clear light that enveloped the various participants also became thicker.

“This is a fantasy realm formed by my ability. With my permission, all the quasi-planetary-level supervisors can only observe the strength of the attacks on the various special forces through a special trajectory and see if there is any additional external interference.

“However, they would definitely not be able to see actual combat and the Fantasy Domain itself. Unless they were much stronger than me! It was even more impossible to interfere with or affect this actual battle! Therefore, students, you can display your combat strength. You don’t have to worry about death and serious injuries!”

Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded in the ears of the students in the Fantasy Domain again.

Kitawan and the other two quasi-planetary-level powerhouses turned their gazes slightly to the side. Principal Cai seemed to have one or two more words to say in the actual combat in the Fantasy Domain this year.

However, it was normal. Planetary realm powerhouses acted very casually.

However, Xu Tui, who was in the Fantasy Domain, had another thought when he heard this. Cai Shaochu’s words made Xu Tui happy. However, he was still a little worried. What if? Then, Cai Shaochu’s words, ‘unless they are much stronger than me’, made Xu Tui completely relax.

Still, Xu Tui felt a little strange. Why did he feel that Principal Cai’s instructions were specially given to him?

Just as Xu Tui was deep in thought, ten silver lights suddenly appeared 300 meters away. The moment the silver light appeared, it distorted and transformed into different alien species. Three Mechanical Spirit Race, three Fission Race, three Dissimilate Clan, and one Spiritual Race.

Xu Tui understood that they should be enemies in actual combat. The auras of all the enemies were extremely clear in his mental perception. The Spiritual Race was at the Genetic Evolution Realm, while the other nine were at the Genetic Mutation Realm.

The moment the distortion took shape, the ten alien enemies immediately charged toward Xu Tui from 300 meters away.

The three Mechanical Spirits had already begun to attack Xu Tui from afar.

The Vajra Barrier appeared. Xu Tui willed it slightly, and the Mountain Formula descended. The flying sword instantly tore through the air. Almost instantly, the Genetic Evolution Realm of the Spiritual Race was dissipated by a headshot. There was no doubt about the other nine Genetic Mutation Realms.

Xu Tui did not feel any pressure from the first wave of attacks.

“The second wave of enemies will appear in three minutes. Everything in the Fantasy Domain is real. The terrain can be used.” Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded.

Xu Tui did not know if these words were directed at him or everyone else. However, Xu Tui was immediately enlightened. If everything was real, he would be able to find the terrain that was most beneficial to Xu Tui.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui looked toward the mountain peak more than ten kilometers away. Not only was that place the highest peak, but there was also a waterfall flowing between the mountains. This was extremely suitable for Xu Tui to unleash his abilities.

Xu Tui chose to believe in Cai Shaochu’s guarantee regarding the application of the School of General Senses abilities.

The guarantee of a planetary-level powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector should be useful!@@novelbin@@

Three minutes later, Xu Tui had just sprinted to the foot of the mountain at a speed of 100 meters per second. 13 silver lights instantly fell from various directions within a 300-meter radius.