Chapter 743 - 743 Battle Of The Fantasy Domain (3)

743 Battle of the Fantasy Domain (3)

Twenty-five enemies and seven Genetic Evolution Realm experts!

“The arrangement of the principal’s enemies is really unoriginal,” Xu Tui complained. The flying sword, the Mountain Formula, and the Earth Spike instantly combined.

However, at the same time, Xu Tui suddenly felt something strange under his feet. He instantly stepped into the air.

Swish!

!!

A spike that was like a javelin stabbed into Xu Tui’s body at a speed that far exceeded the speed at which he stepped in the air.

Fortunately, it was blocked by Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier. The immense force did not pierce through Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier, but it caused Xu Tui to tumble a few times.

This was a ground spider beast with extended spikes on its head. It was an alien aboriginal creature. He had learned in class that the destructive power of an adult was between Level B and Level A Genetic Evolution Realm.

The sudden appearance of the Earth Spider disrupted Xu Tui’s rhythm. In an instant, more than 20 other enemies arrived in front of him. Xu Tui immediately fell into a bitter battle.

Fortunately, the Vajra Barrier was strong enough. The range of the Mountain Formula was also large enough. Xu Tui managed to pull through after he became a little disheveled. He survived, but there were screams in the combat training ground.

One after another, the members of the special forces fell out of the white fog, especially those who did not seem to be injured at all, but their hands were touching their vital points and their bodies were twitching. The onlookers were also covered in cold sweat.

A member of the special forces from the American Sector had a twisted expression on his face. It made all the spectators a little afraid.

In the sixth wave, the various special forces lost eight people. There were a total of 11 casualties in the first six waves. The Wand Special Force of the Africa Sector and the Eternal Special Force of the European Sector were all eliminated.

Members of the other special forces were also eliminated. For example, the Taiyi Special Force in the Huaxia Sector had also lost one member. The person who had died in battle was none other than Dai Yizhou. He scanned the area but did not find Xu Tui among the people who had died in battle. He was a little stunned.

The special forces that had been reduced in the first six waves basically had no hope of competing for the quantum beacon.

Currently, the special forces of the Huaxia Sector, the Haotian, Worldly, Freedom Special Force from the American Sector, the Slavic Special Force of the Russian Federation, the Indrat and Galurot of the India Sector, and the Apollo of the European Sector had not suffered any casualties.

In other words, the three holders of the quantum beacon would be produced in the seven special forces.

At the 30th minute, the seventh wave of enemies appeared.

The number of enemies in the seventh wave reached a terrifying 30 people. One-third of them were at the Genetic Evolution Realm, and more than half of them were long-range supernatural beings. They were also stronger.

The moment they landed on the ground and transformed into the shapes of various races, the seven Mechanical Spirits turned into seven cannons and focused their fire on Xu Tui from afar.

The moment one of the energy beams hit Xu Tui, who could not dodge in time, Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier actually rippled.

This shocked Xu Tui. He waved his hand without hesitation. A frost giant that was more than five meters tall and nearly three meters wide appeared in front of Xu Tui and blocked the fatal attack for him.

The water in the waterfall seemed to come alive as it snaked towards the frost giant to replenish its energy.

Xu Tui was slightly calmer with the frost giant blocking him.@@novelbin@@

Before a large number of enemies arrived, he had already killed the seven extremely threatening Mechanical Spirit Cannons, two Genetic Evolution Realm experts from the Spiritual Race, and other ordinary Genetic Mutation Realm enemies.

However, there were still seven people at the Genetic Evolution Realm who had already arrived in front of Xu Tui and surrounded him.

The frost giant stepped forward and charged forward with its earth spikes. The flying swords screamed as they continuously killed the enemies. However, Xu Tui was also forced to retreat.

When he killed the last two enemies, Xu Tui was forced to fall into the waterfall. However, Xu Tui also heaved a sigh of relief. The moment he fell into the waterfall, the flying sword also killed another enemy. The remaining enemy was also entangled by the frost giant.

However, the moment he fell into the water, the hairs on Xu Tui’s body instantly stood on end.

The water around Xu Tui was instantly entangled by the light blue tentacles. The powerful aura of the Genetic Transmutation Realm rose in the waterfall. Almost at the same time, the dozen or so water pillars that were like tentacles that were entangled with Xu Tui instantly turned into blue ice pillars that retracted.

An ultra-low-temperature tentacle with killing intent! It was a native lifeform with an adult lethality close to the Level D Genetic Transmutation Realm.

Under the immense force, Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier cracked inch by inch.

Bang!

The mental vibrating whip instantly struck down. His mind power dissipated, and the main body of the ultra-wet tentacle appeared. An earth spike instantly rose from the bottom of the water and pierced through the ball.

The frost giant puppet also crushed the last enemy.

They were wiped out!

Xu Tui slowly rose into the air and panted heavily. Cai Shaochu’s voice suddenly rang out.

“The seven waves of attacks have passed. Next, please wait for the other special forces to finish fighting. Based on the situation of the other special forces, you will randomly fight the surviving members of the various special forces!”