Chapter 744 - 744 Self-Harm And Being A Surprise Soldier (1)

744 Self-harm and Being a Surprise Soldier (1)

Xu Tui stood at the top of the mountain. He panted and slowly adjusted his breathing. After drinking a bottle of Level C Energy Restoration Elixir, he began to circulate the energy field along the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Energy Chain.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had expended a lot of his mind power in the seven waves of battle just now. However, he still had 50% left.

What consumed more energy was the energy field. There were more and more enemies in each wave. It was normal to be hit by the enemy’s attacks.

The Vajra Barrier endured the entire process and consumed 70% of his energy field.

!!

Xu Tui seized the opportunity to recover some energy field power before the final battle began.

This might also be the benefit of Xu Tui having 360 genetic base points in the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain. As long as he quickly spun his energy field between 360 genetic base points, he would be able to recover 60% of his energy field power.

The Energy Restoration Elixir could also recover a little of his energy field power. However, with the quantity, it would take at least half an hour for the energy field to circle all 360 genetic base points.

Xu Tui thought as he quickly recovered his energy field.

If all the special forces had encountered an enemy in the Genetic Transmutation Realm in the seventh wave, the special forces that had not lost any members previously would definitely lose some members or even suffer a large number of casualties.

In that case, the final battle should not be too difficult.

Although Xu Tui had used up more than half of his strength, his combat strength had not decreased because he was from the Mystery Branch and was not injured.

The possibility of obtaining a quantum beacon was still very high. The only thing he had to consider was facing the elites of the various sectors. He had to consider the risk of revealing all his strength and attracting Kitawan’s attention.

Although Kitawan still could not see the final battle that was about to take place, there would definitely be special forces from the India Sector in the final battle.

The special forces of the India Sector had the most people in this battle for the Fantasy Domain. There were four participants in the two special forces each. Before the seventh wave began, the two special forces of the India Sector had not lost anyone. There were many people participating in the battle. They really had a huge advantage.

Xu Tui thought about it and decided that he would try his best not to use the ability of the frost puppet in front of others. Of course, the ability of the School of Radiation Influence could not be exposed.

Actually, Xu Tui had used both earth-element and water-element superpowers in actual combat on Mars. It was not a problem for him to use them again now.

However, Kitawan, the pursuer, was here this time. He had to be careful.

The reason why Xu Tui did not enter the suspect list was that Xu Tui’s realm and strength were not included in the suspect list.

This was because whether it was the judgment of Itavi or Kitawan, or the guesses of the outside world, they all believed that the perpetrator was at least a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert, and there were two or more of them.

The culprit might even be a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse!

Xu Tui, a Genetic Mutation Realm expert with the combat power of the Genetic Evolution Realm, was the culprit?

Stop joking, okay?

This was a cognitive deficit.

However, once Xu Tui displayed the strength to easily kill a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert and displayed the relevant abilities, it was very likely that he would be suspected. Once he was suspected by Itavi, there was no need for evidence.

At the thought of this, Xu Tui looked at himself, who was completely fine. He suddenly felt a little like a sore thumb. Many of the special forces that had three participants had been wiped out. It did not seem appropriate for Xu Tui, who was participating alone, to act as if nothing had happened. He should do something.

Xu Tui picked up the flying sword with his hand.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui was covered in blood. He looked like he was on the verge of death. His entire thigh, arms, back, and chest were covered in blood. One could even vaguely see his rolled-up flesh on his thigh.

Xu Tui gritted his teeth. His face was a little distorted. Self-harm was not something a human should do.

It was too painful!

Even if the enemy pierced his thigh, it would not hurt as much as a wound. It was all Kitawan’s fault.

Then, Xu Tui gave himself a simple treatment. After all, it was a little painful.

In the combat training ground, Cai Shaochu, who was quietly waiting for the battles of the other special forces to end, suddenly frowned.

Did the little brat of Genetic Miracle have to be so sinister?

Among the successors of the Genetic Miracle, Ji Guoliang was upright and kind. He Wanjian was a carefree and forthright person, putting aside being a little despicable. An Xiaoxue was cold on the outside but warm on the inside. She also had an extremely righteous feeling.

The kid in front of him had not been injured in the first seven waves of the battle. Wasn’t he a little too shameless to be covered in injuries? Wouldn’t the surviving members of the various special forces suffer a huge loss if they saw this?

Although it was a little sinister, Cai Shaochu really liked it. If Fang You had such a sinister streak, he would have taken him in as his student long ago. However, wasn’t this kid a little lacking in consideration for doing this in his Fantasy Domain?

Just as Cai Shaochu was evaluating Xu Tui’s sinister actions, screams rang out in the combat training ground. One by one, the participating students fell out of the white fog. Many of them still had the painful and frightened expressions of when they died.

The commander of the Taiyi Special Force, Li Shihua, also instantly fell out. He had a pained expression, but there was no fear in his expression. This was not the first time he had participated in the competition for the quantum beacon.

Li Shihua knelt on one knee and panted heavily.