Chapter 749 - 749 The Most Precious Reward (1)

749 The Most Precious Reward (1)

The battle for the quantum beacon did not seem large, but it attracted the attention of the various alliances.

There were two important points of a quantum beacon.

First, if there was an accident, the special forces with the quantum beacon could evacuate immediately, even if there were many scale restrictions on the evacuation requirements. However, the rules set by the moon base could not be higher than the actual situation. There were basic guarantees for a safe return.

Secondly, it was convenient to activate the quantum beacon.

In the space invasion, the main gains were mainly minerals. Their characteristics were that they were large and cumbersome. Transportation was time-consuming and laborious. Even if it was mainly carried out by fully automatic engineering robots, it would be time-consuming and laborious if the location of the quantum beacon was relatively far.

Moreover, the danger during the transportation process was uncertain.

On the contrary, the special forces with quantum beacons would choose the most convenient location to transport their supplies. There was no need to mention the benefits. It could be said that the benefits of the sector who obtained the quantum beacon were basically guaranteed. If it was operated well, the benefits of a space invasion would be 20 to 30% higher.

That was because the military of the various sectors also had to send out combat teams to participate in the space invasion.

Therefore, the benefits involved in the quantum beacon were extremely complicated.

If not for the fact that there was an extremely limited number of them, it would not have been up to the elite students of the special forces to fight for them. One from each sector would have been enough.

When the vice-chairman of the America Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, learned that the American Sector did not manage to obtain any quantum beacons, he smashed his coffee cup on the spot.

“That piece of trash, Danrick, can’t even compete with the India Sector?” Maiponeo scolded.

“No, no, no!” At the side, the quasi-planetary-level powerhouse from the American Sector, Chatov, quickly shook his head. “It’s not that Danrick and the others are not strong enough. It’s just that the number of participants is one less than the India Sector. The number of casualties in the Freedom Special Force last year had exceeded 15%. This year, the number of participants had been reduced by one. Otherwise, we would definitely be able to obtain a quantum beacon.”

As soon as he said that, Maiponeo’s expression improved a little.

“Look, the number of participants in the Huaxia Sector’s Haotian Special Force has also decreased from four to three because of the losses last year. Otherwise, it would be very difficult for the India Sector to obtain the main quantum beacon. If not for the Worldly Special Forces, the Huaxia Sector would have been in an extremely difficult situation.@@novelbin@@

“Although we do not have a quantum beacon, we can cooperate with the India Sector and the European Sector. But the Huaxia Sector!” Chatov smiled, implying something.

Maiponeo’s expression completely eased. “Chatov, pass down the orders. Get the Freedom Special Force and the Superman Special Force to keep an eye on Xu Tui. If they have the chance, kill Xu Tui in the space invasion!

“Not only did he successfully pass the seven waves of defense battles, but he also snatched the quantum beacon. Most importantly, he had not broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm. If this talent was allowed to grow, he would probably be at least a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse! If there was an opportunity, he might even be able to touch the Planetary realm!

“Kill him if they had the chance! Of course, this was not the main business of the special forces. The main business of the special forces in this space invasion was still resources. I mean, if there’s a chance!” Maiponeo added.

“As you wish, sir!” Chatov nodded. “Even if you didn’t say it, I would have told them. With Xu Tui’s talent and the strength of his genetic miracle, reaching the planetary realm was difficult. However, the Genetic Transmutation Realm was guaranteed. It was also possible for him to be a quasi-planetary-level! It would be very troublesome if he grows into an existence like Ji Qianli who can threaten Planetary realm powerhouses. If there’s a chance, we will eliminate him.”

“Yes, but we have to be more careful of our potential elites to prevent them from being eliminated by the other alliances,” Maiponeo added.

“By the way, Mr. Maiponeo, what about the plan? Should we continue with it? There have been no results for more than ten years,” Chatov asked.

“Let’s continue. Maybe there’s a chance?” Maiponeo laughed.

…

At the India Sector’s general base, Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, could not stop smiling when he received the news. This was not the first time the India Sector had obtained a main quantum beacon. It had happened several times before.

However, this time, they had snatched it from the alliance of the Huaxia Sector and the Russian Federation. They had also contacted the European Sector. The special forces of the European Sector that had never cooperated in the past had joined forces to suppress the Huaxia Sector.

In the eyes of most people, this was just a battle for the quantum beacon. It did not matter. However, to a politician like Nilab, this was a political trend!

Before this, the attitude of the European Sector was actually more wavering. However, he would also be close to the Huaxia Sector for his interests. But in the actual combat on Mars last year, the Huaxia Sector built a second Mars base on Mars. This stimulated the other alliances, especially the European Sector.

This should be the fundamental reason why the people from the European Sector cooperated with the India Sector.

He had to contain the Huaxia Sector!

This was a political trend. As long as this trend appeared, the Huaxia Sector would not have a good time in the future.

“It’s a pity. If the Huaxia Sector did not obtain any quantum beacons this time, then the Huaxia Sector’s allies would probably be shaken. At least more than half of the people from the Africa Sector can be pulled over… What a pity…” As he sighed, Nila pulled out Xu Tui’s information and read it carefully a few times. This was not the first time this student had appeared in his field of vision.