Chapter 748 - 748 How To Achieve Victory In A Verbal Fight (3)

748 How to Achieve Victory in a Verbal Fight (3)

“Commander, didn’t the people from Worldly cooperate with you?” Sha Yue, who had not participated in the battle, quickly asked.

“He rejected it! We could have had the advantage of five against four. He fought alone, and we fought four against four with the India Sector. Then, we were ambushed by the European Sector. We lost!” Ruan Da punched the ground hatefully.

Although Ruan Da did not explicitly blame Xu Tui, there were still others who heard his words. They all thought that Xu Tui had ignored the big picture and caused the Huaxia Sector to not be able to obtain the quantum beacon.

Damn it! It was too despicable! He was too ignorant of the big picture! He was too selfish!

!!

Just as the members of the Haotian Special Force were condemning Xu Tui, the captain of the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force, Danrick, suddenly fell out of the white light and screamed in pain.

“Worldly, how dare you attack my lower body. I’m not done with you!” Danrick roared!

Although there was no substantial damage, the moment the earth spikes drilled into various parts of his body, it was extremely realistic and terrifying! Danrick did not want to experience the second wave of that feeling of death. It was too painful and terrifying!

Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Yan Lie, and the others also had their hearts in their throats. They did not forget what Hao Tian and Taiyi had said previously.

According to the commanders of these two organizations, it was completely because the Worldly Special Force did not know the severity of the situation and disregarded the big picture, ruining their grand plan.

It directly caused the Huaxia Sector to lose the quantum beacon this time! This situation was extremely serious! They had no choice but to take the blame. Who could easily wash away what the two special forces, Taiyi and Haotian, had insisted on?

At that time, not to mention recruiting, it would be a good thing if the current members could stay loyal. No matter what era it was, the people of the Huaxia Sector had a special cohesion.

The special forces of the Africa and Russian Federation, which had good relations with the Huaxia Sector, had also been eliminated. There was no possibility of them obtaining a quantum beacon.

This crisis was immediately pointed out!

In this space invasion, the special forces of the Huaxia Sector would probably have to pay the highest toll. They would even have to consider whether they could return safely. Neither the Huaxia Sector nor their allies had obtained the quantum beacon.

In the internal conflict of the six alliances, once they opened their bloody mouths, they would eat people!

At that moment, not only the Haotian Special Forces and the Taiyi Special Forces, but even the people from the Russian Federation began to accuse Xu Tui of not caring about the big picture.@@novelbin@@

No one mentioned anything about being inferior in strength! It was Xu Tui who did not care about the big picture.

For a moment, the members of the Worldly Special Force were criticized. Suddenly, Cui Xi looked at the eliminated special forces and counted with his fingers. “Eh, that’s not right. Aren’t there only three special forces left in the Fantasy Domain? The competition for the quantum beacon has ended, right? Ours weren’t eliminated?”

Suddenly, Cui Xi jumped up. “Shut up, all of you. Our Worldly Special Force has snatched the quantum beacon. Don’t find excuses for your incompetence!”

“Who are you calling incompetent?” More than a dozen people asked angrily.

“F*ck, I’m scolding all of you!” A voice that sounded like a bronze bell suddenly sounded. Cui Xi had actually used Lion’s Roar during their argument.

Caught off guard, the ears of the members of the Haotian Special Forces and the Taiyi Special Forces rang.

Cui Xi had completely won against more than a dozen people from the Taiyi and Haotian special forces.

After being defeated by Cui Xi with his genetic ability, the members of the Haotian Special Force were naturally unconvinced. Just as they were about to argue again, Cai Shaochu’s voice suddenly sounded.

“The battle for the quantum beacon has ended. The India Sector’s Indrat Special Force has obtained the main beacon. The Huaxia Sector’s Worldly Special Force has obtained the secondary beacon. The European Sector’s Apollo Special Force has obtained the backup beacon! The survivors are participating in the final game!”

Cai Shaochu’s voice was like thunder and the final blow. It made the people from the Haotian Special Force speechless. They were tongue-tied. While they were shocked, they were also a little ashamed.