Chapter 740 - 740 Establishing A Threshold And Domain

740 Establishing a Threshold and Domain

Xu Tui had done his homework on the space invasion, quantum beacons, one-way temporary quantum teleportation channels, activating consumption, teleportation consumption, and so on. He had discussed it with Zhao Hailong and Luo Murong. One of them had participated once, and the other had some understanding.

During the discussion, the three of them established a few key points.

The quantum beacon was very important. He had to try his best to get it if he could. If he could not, he could cooperate. However, there had to be a certain foundation for cooperation.

Why did they have to use the word ‘plunder’ in a space battle? It was naturally divided into invasion and robbery. Their main target was actually the various rare resources on those large asteroids.

!!

After so many years of development and mining, be it the Blue Star or the Moon, especially those non-renewable mineral resources, they were almost exhausted. If there were many precious minerals that needed to be used in the Great Genetic Age, the Blue Star and the Moon would have been exhausted long ago.

This was also the reason why there were intense open and covert battles on Mars.

However, the minerals on Mars could only make up for a portion of the mineral gap. Mars did not have many rare minerals.

For example, the most widely used Mechanical Spirit Alloy was mainly obtained by killing the Mechanical Spirits. Even though humans had long analyzed the composition and even the manufacturing process of the Mechanical Spirit Alloy, they lacked the original ore.

If they could obtain a large number of important raw ores that could be used to manufacture Mechanical Spirit Alloys, then humans would be able to take a huge leap in the application of Mechanical Spirit Alloys.

Hardness, tenacity, ductility, memory, and so on could all be focused on different characteristics based on different applications.

The space invasion could be said to be an extremely important strategic action on the Blue Star. The matter of excavation and mining was handled by the fully automatic mining robots. The earliest way to transport it back was through the one-way temporary quantum teleportation channel established by the quantum beacon.

It was originally used by the special forces of the six alliances.

However, the problem was who came first, the people or the goods, the consumption, and so on, including the enthusiasm of the various special forces in the invasion.

This resulted in the current special situation.

During the invasion, the special forces could obtain a proportional share of the profits. The more they obtained, the more they would receive. However, the right to use the passageway and the consumption of energy had always been contradictory.

The number of quantum beacons was extremely limited. Later on, they adopted a market closure. Only benefits could satisfy the hearts of the people and reduce the number of people in conflict.

Of course, there were dozens of detailed rules to this market method of collecting transportation fees. After all, the reputation of the six major sectors of the Blue Star was one. They could fight internally, but this competition had to be limited to a certain extent. It was also because of this that the terms of cooperation had to be negotiated.

After all, this concerned the gains of all the members of Xu Tui’s special forces.

If not for these gains, who would risk their lives to participate in the space invasion? It was to obtain a large amount of combat strength and resources.

This was especially so for Zhao Hailong and the others. It was basically impossible for them to break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm without a large number of cultivation resources.

The average casualty rate in the space invasion had always been about 10%, but there were exceptions.

For example, the death rate of the Haotian Special Force last year had reached 16%, causing a spot of the participants to be deducted this year. Otherwise, there would not be a need for the Haotian Special Force to cooperate with Xu Tui.

After consulting a large amount of information and going through Ah Huang’s calculations, Xu Tui, Zhao Hailong, and the others set a bottom line for their cooperation. They could give the spot to the Haotian Special Force, but the basic toll of the members of the Worldly Special Forces had to be waived. The goods toll would be 50% or 40% discount.

Most importantly, other than the members of the Haotian Special Force, the entry sequence had the highest priority.

Of course, Xu Tui had also discussed the candidates for the battle with Zhao Hailong and Luo Murong if they could not cooperate.

The candidates were naturally Zhao Hailong and Xu Tui. In the end, if they decided to participate in the battle, the candidate would be Xu Tui.

Firstly, Xu Tui was the strongest in actual combat.

Secondly, Xu Tui wanted to personally try to understand what was going on in the special environment of the competition for the quantum beacon.

Failure today was not scary.@@novelbin@@

After all, the Worldly Special Forces had just been formed, but they had to lay a good foundation for next year.

…

July 17th, the combat training ground of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

The participants of the various special forces and some of their members gathered on time. The newly-established Worldly Special Force was a little rustic. Everyone had never participated in the battle for the quantum beacon, so they came to broaden their horizons and watch. In comparison, there were only seven to eight people in the other special forces.

“How is it? Have you considered it?” Xu Tui and the others had just arrived when Sha Yue from the Haotian Special Force rushed over.

“How’s your consideration? Is it too late?” Sha Yue quickly asked.

Xu Tui did not waste his breath. He listed out the three conditions that they had discussed yesterday.

As soon as the three conditions were announced, Sha Yue frowned. “Commander Xu, you guys are asking too much. Shall we reduce it?”

Xu Tui shook his head. He was very determined.

“I need to ask the regiment commander for instructions on these three conditions,” Sha Yue said.

Sha Yue quickly returned to the crowd of the Haotian Special Force. A man suddenly raised his head and stared at Xu Tui. His gaze was a little cold. What shocked Xu Tui even more was that there was lightning flashing in this person’s left eye.

This was not an illusion. This was real.

What kind of innate ability was this?

Looking at Sha Yue’s respectful expression, Xu Tui knew that this person was definitely Ruan Da, the commander of the Haotian Special Force.

The grandson of the Planetary realm powerhouse, Ruan Tianzuo!

A minute later, Sha Yue came over again. “Commander Xu, our commander said that we can make another concession. As long as we can cooperate, the basic toll and the toll of the goods will be 40%!

“However, priority passes cannot be guaranteed. We can only guarantee that your Worldly Special Force will not be the last. Also, the captain said that if you agree to cooperate, you will obtain the friendship of our Haotian Special Force!”

At this point, Sha Yue paused for a moment. His smiling fat face was cold. “On the contrary, you know!”

“F*ck, you’re threatening me?” Cui Xi was furious.

Sha Yue did not explain anything. He looked at Xu Tui with a naturally smiling chubby face. Behind Xu Tui, the expressions of Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Yan Lie, and the others changed. The cooperation had not started yet, but he had already threatened him. Wasn’t the Haotian Special Force too domineering?

Xu Tui had been calculating the price offered by the Haotian Special Force. He was still thinking about the big picture. After all, this was a matter of the Huaxia Sector. It was fine for both sides to take a step back.

However, when he heard Sha Yue’s threat, he was furious.

“If your Haotian has such a cooperative attitude, then let’s forget about it. It just so happens that I want to take a look at this special battlefield.” Xu Tui rejected him decisively.

If they did not have an equal attitude from the start, this cooperation would become more and more complicated.

“Really?” The eyes on Sha Yue’s fat face narrowed into slits.

...

Xu Tui replied with a cold smile.

Sha Yue narrowed his eyes and smiled. He turned to leave. He had just taken two steps when he turned around and said, “Commander Xu, if you don’t care about the big picture, don’t blame us for setting a threshold! At that time, we’ll raise your toll to the maximum allowable range. Don’t blame us for being disloyal!”

“We’ll talk after you get the quantum beacon!”

“Hmph!” Sha Yue left angrily.

Xu Tui glanced in the direction of the Taiyi Special Force. He had the intention to cooperate with the Taiyi Special Force. After all, the so-called big picture could not be completely ignored.

However, Dai Yizhou from the Taiyi Special Force was also looking at Xu Tui with his arms crossed. He had the intention of waiting for Xu Tui to talk to them. He had no intention of contacting Xu Tui.

If he rejected them yesterday and negotiated with them today, the conditions would only be worse and more embarrassing than yesterday.

Xu Tui was instantly furious.

To hell with the big picture! They were all f*cking grandsons! Who cared if it was a waste of spots? He would fight to test the waters first. At most, he would spend a little more money.

Besides, there were three quantum beacons!

The reason why they conducted actual combat in special environments was to test the ability of the special forces to protect the quantum beacon. Otherwise, it would be useless if they gave the quantum beacon to the enemy.

...

For the next 15 minutes, Ruan Da, the commander of the Haotian Special Forces, glanced at Xu Tui every minute. He wanted to know if Xu Tui would change his mind.

When the principal of the local Genetic Evolution College, Cai Shaochu, appeared at the combat training ground, it meant that the final possibility of cooperation was gone. Ruan Da’s expression instantly darkened. The way he looked at Xu Tui became extremely cold. However, he retracted his gaze after a glance.

“Is it done?” Cai Shaochu asked without any nonsense.

The chief instructor of the organization, Black Tower, quickly said, “Principal, the number of participants in the various special forces is all here. There are a total of 14 special battle groups. There should be 42 people participating in the battle for the quantum beacon.”

“Step forward.”

“All participants, gather on the left!” Chief Instructor Black Tower shouted.

Soon, the 42 participants gathered together.

It was only at this moment that Xu Tui realized that he was the only one at the Genetic Mutation Realm among the participants. The auras that the others sensed were all at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Chief Instructor Black Tower’s voice rang out again. “Based on the rules of actual combat in a special environment, the intensity of attacks on all participating units will increase by 30% for every additional person.

“Moreover, as time passed, the intensity of the attacks would continue to increase. The representatives of the three special forces who could last the longest would obtain the quantum beacon.

“The basic time of the battle was half an hour. Half an hour later, if the ownership of the quantum beacon was not decided, the battlefield would enter a merger and change. The various special forces would fight at random.

“The last three survivors will obtain the quantum beacon. In battle, everyone was only allowed to consume one bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir and use Origin Crystal Enhancing Genetic Equipment. However, you are not allowed to use one-time consumable life-saving emergency methods.

“In the following actual combat, there were no limits to your abilities. Death in battle would not affect lives. Everything was based on actual combat. Those who have a question, ask immediately. If no one asks, it will be regarded as an unquestionable question!” The chief instructor, Black Tower, had a military training style.

There was no sound from the gathered crowd. Seeing this, Chief Instructor Black Tower said loudly, “The actual combat in the special environment is about to begin. Please enter the venue. Be prepared.”

Almost at the same time, seven figures silently appeared around the combat training ground in various ways. They greeted Cai Shaochu the moment they appeared.

Xu Tui was stunned when he saw one of the figures. It was Kitawan! Quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, Kitawan! Could it be that the fair supervisors of the various sectors and the Blue Star Genetic Committee were all quasi-planetary-level powerhouses?

However, Xu Tui immediately started to worry. Would he have to hide some key abilities if Kitawan appeared as a supervisor?

He did not want to expose himself.

“Domain!”

At the same time, the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, Cai Shaochu, raised his hands slightly. An extremely cold aura instantly covered Xu Tui’s entire body. The world in front of him instantly changed.

Mountains and rivers appeared!