Chapter 742 - 742 Battle Of The Fantasy Domain (2)

742 Battle of the Fantasy Domain (2)

This time, the aura of the Genetic Evolution Realm increased to two. The additional Genetic Evolution Realm this time belonged to a Mechanical Spirit. The enemies of the other races had to run closer before they could attack Xu Tui. Only the enemies of the Mechanical Spirit Race could attack Xu Tui the moment they appeared.

However, Xu Tui’s attack range was further and faster than it. The moment the distortion took shape, the flying sword circled around and killed two enemies at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

This time, the Spiritual Race’s Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator managed to create a water shield before the flying sword could reach him. However, it was still pierced through by Xu Tui’s flying sword.

It was too easy!

In less than two seconds, the battle was over.

Xu Tui, who knew that he might have obtained some more time, began to climb the mountain. He did not dare to step on air to climb the mountain. He had to conserve his mind power.

In the combat training ground, Cai Shaochu’s brows twitched slightly. He lowered his eyes and could not help but glance in Xu Tui’s direction. Xu Tui’s strength surprised him a little. He had displayed quite a lot of strength in the actual combat on Mars. At that time, he had the ability to kill people at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

It was normal for him to be able to easily deal with the first two waves of enemies today. However, this speed was too fast. It was faster than Cai Shaochu had expected.

Xu Tui’s killing speed alone was faster than all the other special forces. Most of the other special forces had at least two people.

This comparison…

Ten minutes after entering the Fantasy Domain, the third wave of enemies appeared.

Sixteen! Three Genetic Evolution Realms and 13 Genetic Mutation Realms!

Xu Tui dealt with it in two seconds. There was no suspense. It was mainly because these enemies were 300 meters away every time they appeared.

According to the speed of these enemies, it would take at least two to three seconds for them to attack Xu Tui.

In two to three seconds, Xu Tui could use his terrifying combat distance to end the battle.

“Could it be that the principal went easy on me?” Xu Tui was a little confused.

Cai Shaochu, who was observing Xu Tui, instantly sensed something. This was especially so in his fantasy realm. He happened to be paying attention to Xu Tui. Xu Tui’s thoughts were immediately reflected in his mind. He could not help but find it funny.@@novelbin@@

Going easy? He wanted to go easy on the Huaxia Sector. He would let the three quantum beacons belong to the Huaxia Sector. At that time, the Huaxia Sector’s special forces would be able to collect the passage fee and earn a huge sum of money from the other sectors.

Unfortunately, the six alliances did not give him a chance.

“This kid actually thinks that I’m going easy on him? Should I give him some pressure?” An idea suddenly occurred to Cai Shaochu, but he immediately gave up.

Putting aside the fact that he could not provide additional help to the Huaxia Sector’s special forces, he could not cause trouble for the Huaxia Sector’s special forces at this moment. After all, this concerned the competition for the quantum beacon.

On the 15th minute, Xu Tui was already standing at the bottom of the mountain in the Fantasy Domain. The large waterfall was 20 meters away from him. The superpowers of water and earth could be unleashed at any time.

In the fourth wave, 19 enemies appeared, but there were five Genetic Evolution Realm enemies! Moreover, even at the Genetic Evolution Realm, his aura was clearly stronger than before!

However, no one could block Xu Tui’s sword. There were many long-range attacks, but they could not break Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier.

It was so easy!

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt like he was playing a tower defense game. Cai Shaochu, who had been paying attention to Xu Tui’s situation, curled his lips slightly when he saw Xu Tui’s thoughts through his mental perception.

Tower defense game? If it weren’t for the fact that it was related to the competition for the quantum beacon, I would have broken your tower in minutes!

At the 15th minute, an extremely shocking scream finally sounded in the combat training ground. A member of the Africa Sector’s Wand Special Force with slightly darker skin screamed in fear as he fell out of the white fog.

The first participant to be eliminated was judged dead.

The member of the Wand Special Force who had fallen to the ground even twitched twice. He looked like he had died. It should be because he was too engrossed in the battle. However, after touching the ground, he suddenly reacted. It was the Fantasy Domain just now. He did not really die!

However, the feeling of being dismembered by the enemy just now…

The first member of the Wand Special Force from the Africe Sector who had been eliminated was still sitting on the ground of the combat training ground after he reacted. He was drenched in cold sweat and was panting heavily. It took him a long time to recover.

No one laughed at him! All the onlookers had participated in at least one Mars battle. They knew the fear of facing a hopeless situation. Not to mention that he had almost died once! Such a performance was not bad!

In the fourth wave of enemies, only one participant was eliminated. However, it also meant that the actual combat competition had reached its climax.

Twenty minutes into the battle, the fifth wave of enemies appeared. There were 22 enemies and six Genetic Evolution Realm experts were among them.

During this wave of attacks, an enemy finally arrived in front of Xu Tui. However, it was useless. Xu Tui’s priority was to kill the enemies of the Dissimilate Clan and the Spiritual Race who had long-range attacks.

In the fifth wave of enemies, only two members of the special forces were eliminated. The special forces that had a spot deducted would probably be in danger if there were any casualties. However, even so, only a small number of the special forces had a spot deducted.

Twenty-five minutes later, the sixth wave of enemies appeared on time.