Chapter 747 - 747 How To Achieve Victory In A Verbal Fight (2)

747 How to Achieve Victory in a Verbal Fight (2)

Danrick, the leader of the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force, was shocked. Xu Tui was actually so strong. Almost at the same time, a necklace and two earthen yellow earrings on Danrick’s neck erupted with a dazzling light.

On the other side, the members of the European Sectore’s Apollo Special Force had already obtained the backup quantum beacon and met up with the commander of the Apollo Special Force, Gerning.

As for the four people from the two special forces of the India Sector, they had already clashed with Ruan Da, Orona, and the others.

One person from both sides died in battle. At this moment, they had used all their methods. Both sides’ bodies flashed with light. They had used all kinds of powers to increase their genetic armaments.

However, from the looks of it, Ruan Da and Orona had the slight advantage.

Ruan Da was a lightning-type supernatural being. Wherever the blue light flashed, his body was like a ghost. He made the captain of the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force, Lariwang, in an extremely sorry state.

If this situation continued, Ruan Da and Orona would finally be able to lock onto the victory and obtain the main quantum beacon. However, just as Ruan Da and Orona thought that they were going to win, something strange happened.

Gerning, the commander of the Apollo Special Force of the European Sector, who had been swimming between the forest and the river, suddenly took action. With a wave of his hand, three meter-long fire meteors suddenly blasted down from the sky.

Another member of the Slavic Special Force in the Russian Federation was blasted into white light and disappeared. At the same time, Orona, the commander of the Slavic Special Forces, was also in a sorry state because he was bombarded by one of the fire meteors.

The commander of the India Sector’s special forces, Lariwang, was like a hungry wolf. He aimed at the opportunity and another member pounced forward.

Three seconds later, Orona, the commander of the Slavic Special Force, turned into a white light and died in battle.

The situation instantly changed.

“Gerning, you son of a bitch!” Ruan Da roared!

Among the three people from the India Sector, Ruan Da was the only one from the Huaxia Sector. What was worse was that the two people from the European Sector seemed to have joined forces with the India Sector.

Five against one! Even if Ruan Da was covered in thorns, he could not explode now! In an instant, Ruan Da fell into a desperate situation! He had never dreamed that he would be stabbed in the back by a bastard from the European Sector!

These bastards from the European Sector were too sinister! In the beginning, they even wanted to join forces with him!

In just three seconds, Ruan Da turned into a white light and dissipated.

Ruan Da, the captain of the Haotian Special Force, had died in battle! If the difference in strength was not too great, there was no need for five against one. There was no doubt that he would not win even if it would be three against one.

Before he disappeared, Ruan Da stared in Xu Tui’s direction with a complicated expression.

At the same time that Ruan Da disappeared, Xu Tui continuously conjured the Mountain Formula and engaged in a head-on battle with the commander of the Freedom Special Force, Danrick.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula and Danrick’s Earth Hammer and Earth Spike collided like thunder.

Danrick’s legs had already sunk into the ground from Xu Tui’s terrifying Mountain Formula. It was also at this moment when Ruan Da died, Gerning, and Larriwang looked in Xu Tui’s direction at the same time. They had the intention to interfere.

Silver light instantly appeared!

In a hurry, Danrick condensed several earth shields in front of him and raised his arm shields at the same time to protect the vital spot between his brows.

Ding!

After the flying sword pierced through the four layers of earth shields, its momentum weakened greatly. It was blocked by Danrick’s arm shield. However, it was also at this moment that a look of pain appeared on Danrick’s face.

A few earth spikes had already pierced into his vital points the moment he defended against the flying sword with all his might.

In the next moment, Danrick turned into white light and dissipated. The flying sword turned and obtained the secondary quantum beacon. Xu Tui activated the Vajra Barrier around his body. His flying sword circled around as he stared at the five people from the India Sector and the European Sector. He calculated his chances of winning. He was considering whether he should take action and kill one or two of them.

Especially the people from the European Sector. Backstabbing was too despicable! Even though Xu Tui hated Ruan Da, he hated those who attacked the Huaxia Sector behind their backs even more.@@novelbin@@

However, on second thought, Xu Tui realized that this was only the Fantasy Domain of the principal, Cai Shaochu.

He had already obtained one of the quantum beacons. Killing Gerning and the others here would only turn them into white light. It would be useless other than exposing Xu Tui’s true strength.

Xu Tui restrained himself from attacking. Gerning, Lariwang, and the others had the same thought. Since he had already obtained the quantum beacon, there was no need to fight to the death!

Just as they were hesitating, Principal Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded in everyone’s ears. “Alright, once the results of the quantum beacon battle are out, as the winner, you will be lucky enough to enjoy the last game. Of course, it will also be a test!”

The moment he finished speaking, the environment in front of Xu Tui changed drastically again. While Xu Tui was enjoying the so-called final game, the college’s combat training ground had already exploded.

“Bastard, grandson!” Ruan Da, who had fallen from the white light, stood up angrily as he convulsed in death. He roared angrily, but he immediately calmed down.

Everyone stared at him. They all understood that all the members of the Haotian Special Force had been eliminated. This also meant that they had failed to compete for the quantum beacon.

The expressions of the people from the Taiyi Special Forces became even uglier. All of the members of the Haotian Special Force had been eliminated. Didn’t that mean that the Huaxia Sector did not have a single quantum beacon in this space invasion?

In that case, they would be too passive. There was no absolute guarantee that they could return safely.

Ruan Da glared in the direction of the European Sector. For the sake of his reputation, he explained, “It’s a pity that we can’t use expendable equipment inside. Otherwise!”