Chapter 745 - 745 Self-Harm And Being A Surprise Soldier (2)

745 Self-harm and Being a Surprise Soldier (2)

Although he had an extremely strong mind, this feeling of real death made him feel extremely bad.

Dai Yizhou, who had already recovered, quickly went forward to help Li Shihua up. “Commander!”

Li Shihua took the opportunity to stand up. He stood up hatefully. “I was just a little short. If someone had helped me block the last Genetic Transmutation Realm aboriginal monster that suddenly appeared, I would definitely have been able to survive the seventh wave and participate in the final battle.”

“Commander, I wasn’t strong enough and died too early in battle.” Dai Yizhou was dejected.

!!

Li Shihua did not respond, but his gaze swept across the combat training ground. He was looking for that grandson! The grandson who would rather commit suicide than cooperate with them. If he participated in the battle alone, he would have died in battle long ago, right?

Dai Yizhou immediately understood what Li Shihua meant. He said with a strange expression, “Commander, that kid hasn’t come out yet. But it should be soon, right?”

“He hasn’t died in battle yet. But he’s alone?” Li Shihua was a little surprised. Previously, he had fought Dai Yizhou with great difficulty. He had not been able to withstand the seventh wave and had died in battle. Would Xu Tui be able to last until now?

Even though they did not say anything else, Li Shihua and Dai Yizhou continued to stare at the students who had died in battle in the white fog. They wanted to discover Xu Tui’s figure. However, to their disappointment, they did not see Xu Tui.

The more disappointed he was, the more surprised he was. He was also a little embarrassed. It had been 35 minutes. There were almost no special forces that did not lose any members. Even the Haotian Special Force had lost one member.

Among the four participants in the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force, they had also lost one person.

The second special force of the India Sector, Galurot, also had four participants. They had not lost anyone previously, but in the seventh wave, they had lost three people. It could be seen how powerful the seventh wave was.

In the Fantasy Domain, Xu Tui, who was sitting cross-legged on the mountaintop, felt a clear light circle around him. The surrounding environment changed drastically again. There were still green mountains and rivers. There was a small mountain that was more than 2,000 meters tall, a not-too-large forest, and a surging river.

There was a ball of light floating above the mountain, the forest, and the river.@@novelbin@@

“The three cursors represent the quantum beacon. The team that obtains the quantum beacon and survives will obtain the right to hold it.

“The three beacons were marked with the main, secondary, and backup respectively. The forest in the middle is the main beacon, the mountain peak is the secondary beacon, and the river is the backup beacon.

“Whoever managed to snatch it and survive would belong to that organization. There were many other supplementary rules. The final battle for the quantum beacon would begin in a minute. Everyone, you can start moving now, but you can only get within a thousand meters of the quantum beacon.” Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded in the ears of all the survivors.

Xu Tui also sized up the situation of the surviving special forces as quickly as possible.

There were only seven special forces present. None of the special forces had lost their members.

Or rather, there was one that did not lose their members, and that was the Worldly Special Force, who only had one participant.

There were two survivors from Haotian, one from Worldly, two from the American Sector’s Free Special Special Force, two from the Russian Federation’s Slavic Special Force, two from the European Sector’s Apollo Special Force. The Indrat Special Force from the India Sector had the most survivors, there were three people and one from the Galurot Special Force.

But in the first place, the Indrat Special Force of the India Sector had four participants. They had a huge initial advantage.

As soon as Cai Shaochu finished speaking, the surviving six special forces turned their gazes and began to look for allies. Currently, the special forces of the Africa Sector had all been eliminated, and there was a natural alliance between the five alliances.

Ruan Da, the commander of the Haotian Special Force, immediately chose to contact Orona, the commander of the Russian Slavic Special Force.

Among the six alliances, the Huaxia Sector and the Russian Federation had strategic cooperation.

“Orona, we will cooperate to seize a quantum beacon and it will belong to us. However, the cost of passage, priority, and so on will be calculated according to the previous discount. There’s a 50% discount and priority for you to pass!” Ruan Da immediately contacted him, but there was no sound. Clearly, this kid could communicate with his consciousness.

While he was communicating with Orona, Ruan Da’s gaze swept past Xu Tui’s body. His body was facing the same direction as Xu Tui. This gave Orona a strong hint.

There were three people in the Huaxia Sector! There were only two people in the Russian Federation. He could only cooperate with the Huaxia Sector and hand the ownership over to them.

“No problem. There was only one minute to prepare for battle. Orona could not and did not dare to hesitate. He agreed as quickly as he could.

“Which beacon should we seize, main, secondary, or backup?” Orona asked.

“The main beacon in the forest!” Ruan Da looked at Xu Tui and immediately made a decision.

At the same time, Ruan Da’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s heart. “Xu Tui, attack the main beacon with us. The item will belong to us. I’ll still give you the previous conditions. The toll is 40%. I can’t guarantee that you will have priority pass, but your special forces will definitely not be the last.”

Xu Tui glanced at Ruan Da and felt a little displeased. The two people from the Haotian Special Force were both injured. Ruan Da was in a better state. The other person’s aura was extremely unstable. He had just swallowed a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. From the looks of it, it would be good if he had half of his combat strength.

Where did Ruan Da get his confidence from?

While he was thinking, Ruan Da’s anxious voice rang out again. “Xu Tui, don’t overestimate yourself. This is your last chance. I have already joined forces with the Slavic Special Force. We would have been able to get the quantum beacon without you. You’re also seriously injured. You’d better be wise and cherish this opportunity!”

The battle was about to begin. Ruan Da’s voice was anxious and a little stern.

Xu Tui: “…”

At this moment, Xu Tui had a basic understanding of himself and the strength of these genetic nouveau riche.

At this moment, all of them were injured. Xu Tui’s combat strength was still intact. You want Xu Tui to be the support and be subservient to them? No way!

“I refuse if there’s no priority! Then you guys can fight for the main beacon. I’ll fight for the secondary beacon!” Xu Tui immediately made a decision.

“You overestimate yourself!” Ruan Da was a little angry!

Looking at the direction of the movement, the two special forces of the India Sector had merged into one. There were four people, and the direction they were fighting for was also the main beacon. Their target was also the main beacon in the forest. Four against four!

How could he put it? Ruan Da did not have absolute confidence. However, if Xu Tui was included, the chances of him obtaining the main beacon were 80% or even 90%.

However, Xu Tui did not know how to appreciate favors.

The countdown of 15 seconds appeared. Xu Tui ran straight toward the small mountain on the left a few hundred meters away. At this point, Ruan Da had no choice but to run towards the forest with the members of the Slavic Special Force.

“What’s going on with him?” Orona from the Slavic Special Force had a puzzled expression when he saw Xu Tui leave.

“Being a surprise soldier!” Of course, Ruan Da could not say that they had not come to an agreement. He hesitated before making the final tactical decision. At this moment, it was naturally impossible for Orona to ask further.

In the 15-second countdown, the surviving members of the special forces were also in position.