Chapter 746 - 746 How To Achieve Victory In A Verbal Fight (1)

746 How to Achieve Victory in a Verbal Fight (1)

Among the three quantum beacons, the main, secondary, and backup quantum beacons had different specifications.

The main quantum beacon had the highest specifications. The temporary one-way quantum channel formed after it was activated was the most efficient. It also had the largest volume and was the most stable.

Therefore, it was the hottest.

The secondary quantum beacon was similar to the backup quantum beacon, but it was much weaker than the main quantum beacon. Without any suspense, the India Sector, which had the most survivors among the special forces, was the first to charge towards the main quantum beacon in the forest.

!!

There were a total of four people from the Haotian and Slavic Special Forces. They also rushed towards the main quantum beacon in the forest.

Four against four, they were evenly matched. Whoever won would depend on their remaining strength. This way, four of the seven surviving special forces gathered at the main beacon in the forest.

The competition between the secondary and backup beacons suddenly decreased drastically. That was because there were only three special forces fighting for the secondary and backup beacons.

They were Xu Tui from the Worldly Special Force, the two survivors from the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force, and the two survivors from the European Sector’s Apollo Special Force. Looking at the speed and method of their advancement, the survivors were all Mystery Branch cultivators.

The two members of the American Sectorr’s Freedom Special Force instantly waited at the foot of the mountain. The moment they saw Xu Tui rushing over, the commander of the Freedom Special Force, Danrick, glared at Xu Tui and shouted at his companion.

“Wait for the opportunity to deal with him. Be careful of his flying sword!” Clearly, he had done his homework.

On the other side, the commander of the Apollo Special Force in the European Sector, Gerning, had a look of joy. It was great that no one was competing with them for the backup quantum beacon.

They could easily obtain the backup quantum beacon. Although it was not as good as the main quantum beacon, as long as they obtained a quantum beacon, they would have strategic initiative in the future space invasion.

The moment the 15-second countdown ended, the transparent barrier 1,000 meters away from the quantum beacons suddenly disappeared.

Everyone started to take action.

Gerning, the commander of the Apollo Special Force in the European Sector, stood firmly at the border between the forest and the river. Flames surrounded his body as he stood guard. His companion quickly flew towards the backup quantum beacon above the river.@@novelbin@@

Without a doubt, they would be the first special force to obtain a quantum beacon. Even if it was a backup!

Almost at the same time, the two special forces of the India Sector that were aiming at the main quantum beacon had already fought Ruan Da, Orona, and the others.

As they fought, they charged towards the main quantum beacon a thousand meters away.

At the foot of the mountain, the moment the transparent barrier disappeared and Xu Tui slowly climbed the mountain, the flying sword instantly circled near the captain of the Freedom Special Force, Danrick.

Danrick and his comrades did not panic at all. The two of them each raised a thick alloy arm shield. An earth shield wrapped around Danrick’s body. He paused and sent earth spikes flying from the ground toward Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Danrick’s attack range was not long enough to reach Xu Tui. He could only restrain Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Danrick’s companion, on the other hand, was surrounded by green light. He flew straight up and quickly flew towards the secondary quantum beacon. He was a wind-type supernatural being.

Xu Tui’s flying sword instantly circled around and blasted toward the wind-type supernatural being from the American Sector.

“Witt!” Danrick roared and charged toward Xu Tui. The wind-type supernatural being suddenly split into two the moment Xu Tui’s flying sword hit him.

Xu Tui’s flying sword instantly passed through it. The figure surrounded by green light shattered. Xu Tui’s flying sword only shattered an existence that looked like a clone. Witt’s true body quickly charged toward the top of the mountain. Danrick charged toward Xu Tui.

Just as Xu Tui’s flying sword began to circle again, Witt suddenly circled around. The green light turned into eagle wings and quickly swooped toward Xu Tui.

From the beginning, the two of them had the idea of distracting Xu Tui and killing him.

As Danrick charged toward Xu Tui, the mountain began to squirm. Earth spikes continuously pierced toward Xu Tui. There was a roar behind Xu Tui. An earth puppet giant that was more than two meters tall materialized and pounced toward Xu Tui.

Three against one!

Xu Tui rose into the air. A cold smile appeared on his face.

Mental Vibrating Whip!

The invisible mental vibrating whip struck Witt’s diving eagle wings. Witt immediately lost his balance and fell to the ground. However, when he fell to the ground, Witt had just reassembled his eagle wings and flew into the sky, brushing past a row of earth spikes.

Whoosh!

Silver light flashed!

Witt, who had flown up again, crashed into Xu Tui’s flying sword. At this moment, the wind-type supernatural being, Witt, used the same trick again. He instantly split into two green shadows.

Xu Tui’s flying sword shot into one of the green figures like a shadow.

Bang!

White light exploded.

Witt disappeared on the spot! He had been killed in battle, but he was protected by Cai Shaochu’s Fantasy Domain power. At the same time, the main body of Witt died in battle, and the other green shadow dissipated on the spot.

While the leader of the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force, Danrick, was in shock, three huge earth hammers had already materialized above Xu Tui’s head and blasted toward him at the same time.

The three giant earth hammers sealed off all of Xu Tui’s escape routes. Another sword light instantly rose above Xu Tui’s head. The sword light passed through and the two giant earth hammers disintegrated on the spot.

Before the other earth hammer hit Xu Tui’s body, a Vajra Tide Return Shield suddenly appeared. It shrank and bounced.

Bang!

The earth hammer shattered!

The Vajra Tide Return Shield was still there!