Chapter 753 - 753 The Principal'S Homework And Full Score (3)

753 The Principal’s Homework and Full Score (3)

“A Genetic Transmutation Realm expert would take at least three minutes. The other two cards had similar functions. It’s for you to save your life. Don’t use it for no reason.”

Xu Tui looked at the three cards after he heard Cai Shaochu’s introduction. He then looked at Cai Shaochu. He was shocked.

A gift from a Planetary realm powerhouse!

This was a gift from a Planetary realm powerhouse! However, how could there be love for no reason in this world? Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu had only met a few times. They had not said more than ten words previously. Why was he suddenly so good to him?

Xu Tui instinctively suspected something.

There was a trap!

There was a hole!

Cai Shaochu, who had roughly understood what Xu Tui meant, was annoyed by Xu Tui’s suspicious gaze. “Why are you so suspicious at such a young age? Why would you be afraid of kindness? What can I want from you? You suspect me even though I’m giving you benefits?”

Xu Tui’s suspicious gaze did not decrease. Cai Shaochu was a little depressed. He was a planetary-level powerhouse. Did he have to be suspected when he gave gifts? In the end, he could only say helplessly, “I have a close relationship with your Genetic Miracle! Back then, I was seriously injured in the Pangu Special Force. I was only one step away from death. Only my head was still there. It was Old Ji. He carried my head and heart and found Elder Shang.

“Yes, it’s in the cloning pod of your Genetic Miracle. I stayed for a full three years before I recovered! These three years were also three years of enlightenment. After three years, I advanced to the Planetary realm! Now, Elder Shang is not around for the time being. Do you understand?”

Xu Tui nodded slowly. He roughly understood what Cai Shaochu meant. Cai Shaochu was saying that his relationship with the Genetic Miracle was purely because of this matter. Xu Tui’s hand landed on the cards. He was about to put it away when he suddenly stopped. He asked in confusion, “Oh, yes, Principal, does Miss An have it?” You won’t only take care of me if you take care of our Genetic Miracle, right?”

Cai Shaochu was speechless. For a moment, Cai Shaochu felt like he had been hit on the head by Xu Tui. He really did not prepare for An Xiaoxue!

“Yes, there are two. I… I’ve already prepared them for her!” Cai Shaochu was depressed after he finished speaking. He would have to suffer for a few more days. It was not easy to make such a thing.

However, as soon as he finished speaking, Cai Shaochu threw over four books. “Read all four books. Read all the words on them. You had to write every word more than 100,000 times. I’ll check after you come back! This is your homework. Otherwise, why would I take care of you?”

Xu Tui was a little surprised. He felt a headache when he picked up the book. They were all extremely complicated ancient seals. There were even oracle bone texts. Just looking at them made his scalp tingle. “This…”

“Don’t say no. If you don’t pass the test when you come back, I’ll make things difficult for you and An Xiaoxue every day! I’m a very petty person!”

Xu Tui: “…”

“Alright, Principal. I’ll try my best!”

“Not your best, you must do it! Remember, if you have any comprehension, try to use your School of General Senses technique first. Tell me your feelings when you come back,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui was stunned. “Principal, is this a cultivation technique?” Xu Tui finally reacted.

“It can only be considered a possibility. Don’t tell Old Ji and Old He! If you do, your teacher An Xiaoxue’s life-saving cards will be gone!”

Xu Tui: “…”

“Alright, I understand, Principal.”

“In addition, if you encounter the provocation of the people from the other sectors in this space invasion, you can use the most violent method to respond as long as you don’t leave any evidence behind. There’s no need to show mercy!” Cai Shaochu suddenly said.

“This… Principal, this is not appropriate…”

“Stop, don’t pretend to be innocent in front of me! I’m very satisfied with your performance in the incident at the Konarak Sun Temple. I’ll give you full marks!”

Xu Tui felt as if he had been struck by lightning.

Damn!@@novelbin@@

How did the principal know?