Chapter 752 - 752 The Principal'S Homework And Full Score (2)

752 The Principal’s Homework and Full Score (2)

Only by being afraid of death could one not be afraid of death! The more unafraid he was of death, the less likely he would die. The more afraid he was of death, the easier it was to die! The more afraid he was of death, the less afraid he was. The more he was not afraid of death, the more he would not die!

On the 18th of July, Xu Tui, who had rested for the night, was prepared to gather the members of the special forces for one last familiarization battle.

On the 19th, they were going to set off to participate in the battle.

However, Xu Tui had just finished his breakfast in the morning when he received a call from Fang You. He said that the principal wanted to see him. As for the time, it would be best if it was now.

The principal was the most powerful person in the school.

Xu Tui grabbed a limited supply of bubble tea and slowly slurped his way toward the principal’s office. He was going to participate in the battle on an unknown planet with an extremely harsh living environment tomorrow. He had to try his best to drink this immortal bubble tea.

After all, compressed rations and instant meals would be the best delicacies in the next month or two.

“Principal, Xu Tui is here.” Fang You brought Xu Tui into Principal Cai Shaochu’s office and closed the door. He had no intention of leaving.

Cai Shaochu glanced at Fang You, his gaze hinting at him. Fang You did not quite understand. He stood rooted to the ground, not understanding what Cai Shaochu’s gaze meant.@@novelbin@@

Cai Shaochu rubbed his fingers together slightly. This Fang You had become stupid from his research. He did not even understand this. Fortunately, he was not accepted as a student. Otherwise, he would have been angered to death!

“Fang You, you can leave. I have something to discuss with Xu Tui.” Cai Shaochu stopped beating around the bush.

Fang You looked at Xu Tui, then at the principal. He suddenly realized that the principal was asking him to leave. His heart ached slightly. Did he not even have the right to listen in? After closing the door, Fang You did not leave immediately. Instead, he sat down in the reception room outside the door. He should be able to hear something here.

Just as Fang You pricked up his ears, there was suddenly no sound from inside.

“Silence!” As Principal Cai Shaochu said a word, an inexplicable power rippled. All the sounds from the outside world suddenly disappeared. All the voices seemed to be concentrated in the office in front of him. Other than the voices in the office, there was no other sound.

Xu Tui once again felt like he had opened his eyes. Was this the power of a planetary-level powerhouse? A word of law?

This was how the Fantasy Domain was created.

Cai Shaochu took out a package and opened it in front of Xu Tui. He handed it to Xu Tui and said, “Check it. A gift from your two teachers.”

“Mr. Ji and Mr. He gave me gifts again?” Xu Tui immediately reacted.

“Yes, it should be something for you to save your life.” Cai Shaochu gently brushed his fingers across the two boxes and said, “The things are not bad. Two jade flying swords! Two jade flying swords that stored their full-powered attack.”

Xu Tui was shocked. He quickly opened the boxes. There was a flying sword in each box. The sword qi of both flying swords were contained within. They were both extremely sharp. However, Xu Tui could sense that their auras were different.

Xu Tui could already tell which flying sword was made by Mr. Ji and which was made by Mr. He.

“A jade flying sword that sealed the full-powered attack of two teachers? Principal, does this mean that I can unleash the attack of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse by activating one of the flying swords? I heard that Mr. Ji’s full-powered attack can threaten a Planetary realm powerhouse.” Xu Tui asked.

“That’s the theory, but in reality, it’s far from it. In order to store power, this flying sword was made of a special jade material. It was not a flying sword that was suitable for combat. This was inferior.

“There was also the limitation of the material itself. Don’t even think about threatening a Planetary realm powerhouse with these two jade flying swords. If you encountered an ordinary quasi-planetary realm, they might be able to create an opportunity for you to escape.

“Of course, if your guiding power was strong enough, it could also increase its power to a certain extent. However, it’s enough for you to deal with the dangers that might appear during the space invasion. Your two teachers asked me to pass it to you,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded. He was about to accept it when he suddenly paused and pushed it back. “Principal, I don’t want this. Help me pass it to my teacher, An Xiaoxue. She’s going to participate in the reclamation. I’ll be more at ease with this. I don’t know when they’ll leave either. Remember to help me give it to her.”

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu stared at Xu Tui as if he was looking at an idiot. “Do you think you are their biological son and that An Xiaoxue is adopted?” Cai Shaochu took out another package. “This is for An Xiaoxue from your two teachers. I feel that the things inside are much better than yours.”

“Uh…” Xu Tui scratched his head awkwardly. “It’s good that she has it. It’s good that she has it.” However, was it appropriate for the principal to sow discord like this?

“Here, you’re going to participate in the space invasion battle. You’ve made a name for yourself this time. Therefore, I’ve also prepared a gift for you. My gift is much more generous than your two teachers.

“Three cards that I personally made. When you want to use these three cards, just tear them open with your mind power. The larger the range of your mental perception, the larger its combat range!”

As he spoke, Cai Shaochu took out three cards that were shining brightly and placed them in front of Xu Tui. The three cards looked ordinary, but the three ancient characters on them were extremely eye-catching.

Even Xu Tui, who had read ancient books before, could only recognize two words.

Seal, Escape, and he did not recognize the other word.

“This is the word Fix. If you use it, the Planetary realm will be stopped for a second. The quasi-Planetary realm will be stopped for 30 seconds to a minute depending on your strength.”