Chapter 754 - 754 Ling Ju Lifeform

754 Ling Ju Lifeform

Xu Tui’s expression did not change the moment he was exposed by Cai Shaochu. However, Xu Tui could feel it himself. His muscles tensed up for a moment, and his heart suddenly contracted.

Xu Tui, who had experienced many interrogations, knew very well that this physical reaction could not avoid Cai Shaochu’s observations and senses. His body’s reaction was very honest.

Xu Tui knew that he could not hide it anymore. He could not hide it no matter how stubborn he was. There was no point in denying it in front of Cai Shaochu. Instead, it lowered his status.

However, he could not admit it!

!!

Yes, he did not deny it or admit it. However, what Xu Tui wanted to know the most was how Cai Shaochu knew or determined about the matter of the Konarak Sun Temple.

Or was it because of his superpower? If that was the case, it would be too terrifying.

Under such a mentality, Xu Tui quietly looked back at Cai Shaochu after an instant of nervousness, waiting for him to continue.

It was impossible for Cai Shaochu to expose this matter for no reason.

At the same time, Xu Tui began to reflect. It was mainly because the pressure that Itavi gave him was too great. Otherwise, even if he was exposed, there would not be an obvious physical reaction. His spiritual cultivation was not good enough.

A hint of joy appeared in Cai Shaochu’s eyes when he saw Xu Tui’s silent reaction. He did not ask or admit it.

“That’s right. Your reaction is much better than I expected! Unfortunately, why are you a student of the Genetic Miracle? If you were from another faction, I might have destroyed your teacher or made him faint for a year and a half before snatching you over as a student.” Cai Shaochu sighed.

These words made Xu Tui sweat profusely. This was completely inconsistent with the respected image of Cai Shaochu in his mind.

Cunning!

Principal Cai felt that his methods were so evil!

The scene where An Xiaoxue saw through Xu Tui’s thoughts appeared again. Cai Shaochu immediately scolded Xu Tui.

“Me, cunning? Don’t dream about it. Do you think you can become a Planetary realm powerhouse or a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse by cultivating peacefully? Let me tell you, don’t have any wishful thinking. Any quasi-planetary-level powerhouse would have walked out of a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood. Also, before your mind power improves, it’s best not to let your imagination run wild in front of a Planetary realm powerhouse.”

“Principal Cai, can Planetary realm powerhouses see through or know what I’m thinking? Is this your ability, or do most people have such an ability?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’m relatively strong in this aspect. Most people have a relatively vague perception. For example, he can sense that you’re scolding him, but he doesn’t know the details,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Thank you, Principal.” Xu Tui nodded.

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu waved his hand again. “Don’t think too much about it. I only pointed this out to tell you through this matter that you can absolutely trust me as the principal. As long as you did not betray the Huaxia Sector, I could take responsibility for you even if you touched the butt of Itavi’s granddaughter-in-law. I will forcefully take it!

“In the extra-terrestrial, fists were more effective than words. However, don’t have those messy thoughts. There are basically no traps in the things I’ve instructed you to do. Just do your best.”

Xu Tui cursed in his heart. What did he mean by there was basically no trap? Did that mean that there might be a trap?

“There are some things that even I can’t be 100% safe. If anything happens, you need your own ability to deal with it. Don’t forget, read the book I gave you. That is the most precious thing in Huaxia in 5,000 years. Alright, go.” Cai Shaochu waved his hand, indicating for Xu Tui to leave.

Xu Tui was stunned. It was over just like that. You, Old Cai, exposed the big secret that Xu Tui was hiding. You almost scared him to death just to show that you trusted him.

Xu Tui felt like vomiting.

“Principal, you… How do you know about the Konarak Sun Temple…” Xu Tui did not finish his sentence, but he had accurately expressed his intentions. He wanted to know how Cai Shaochu knew.

“Guess?” Cai Shaochu revealed a very annoying expression. If Xu Tui could beat him up, he would definitely punch him first.

How infuriating!

“It’s not caused by your own flaws, nor is it something I saw with my superpower. I found out from a source that you don’t know about,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui: “…”

Really infuriating!

Just as Xu Tui was about to turn around and leave, Cai Shaochu suddenly said, “Alright, I won’t tease you anymore. I’ll tell you the reason in case you can’t sleep when you get back. Your Mr. Ji revealed it to me.”

“…” Xu Tui felt as if ten thousand curses were running through his heart. How did Mr. Ji know? It had only been a few days since he had done such a secretive thing. Those people were still chasing after the culprit, but his teachers seemed to know.

If Mr. Ji knew, then Mr. He must know too. Principal Cai also knew. How could a secret that three people knew be considered a secret? Xu Tui had a feeling that this matter would be exposed one day.

Also, Mr. Ji, do Grandmaster Shang know that you love to trick your own students?

Xu Tui could no longer complain. He had thought of many possibilities for Cai Shaochu to know about this just now, but he did not expect Mr. Ji to tell him.

Then, how did Mr. Ji know?

Xu Tui could not think of anything. However, Cai Shaochu’s answer to Xu Tui meant that he had not discovered some key evidence. Otherwise, the evidence that Cai Shaochu could discover would also be discovered by Itavi and Kitawan.

This had resolved Xu Tui’s worries. At least he could sleep at night.

“Go on.”

Xu Tui bowed slightly and turned to leave. This was a student’s bow. He had no choice. Old Cai had put on so many shows, so Xu Tui had to cooperate.

However, Xu Tui suddenly thought of a problem before he left. He might be able to ask Old Cai that question.

“Principal, I have a question that I want to ask you.” Xu Tui instantly turned around.

“That’s right. You can ask me if you have anything. Other than in certain aspects, I’m much more reliable and responsible as a teacher than Old Ji and the others.” Cai Shaochu did not let go of any opportunity to discredit Mr. Ji and Mr. He.

“Principal, is the Full Frequency Energy Testing Device at the Moon base also an alien lifeform?”

“Yes, it’s a relatively high-level intelligent lifeform. Elder Shang’s previous evaluation is that it might not be inferior to ours in terms of intelligence.

“It had an octagonal shape. According to the information he obtained, it was called Ling Ju Lifeform. Its home planet was in the Milky Way, and technology, especially quantum technology, was extremely advanced.

“Many of our breakthroughs in quantum technology over the years came from the inspiration of Ling Ju Lifeform. Many of their abilities were extremely supportive. They reproduced in a divisive direction.

“Currently, there are many suspicions that they are a variant of the Fission Race. It is also possible that the Fission Race is a variant of them.” At this point, Cai Shaochu sighed. “We know too little about the universe. The more we know, the more we realize our ignorance.”

“Principal, is Ling Ju Lifeform still alive?” Xu Tui asked what he wanted to know the most.

“There are life fluctuations. Humans are not able to completely destroy its activity with their current strength.”

“Still alive?” Xu Tui was a little shocked.

“Yes, it’s still alive, but it’s not dangerous. This kind of lifeform is extremely dependent on energy. Especially origin energy! Moreover, perhaps it was because they had evolved for countless years, they could not absorb the scattered origin energy dissipating from the various planets. They could only use the relatively concentrated and pure origin energy.

“Just like us humans. A human ancestor who had lived tens of thousands of years ago could eat raw meat, grass, or even soil. But now, if a person with a weak physique eats a lump of raw meat, he might die. This might be a common problem with evolution,” Cai Shaochu said. “Their extreme reliance on Origin Energy is also the reason why humans are able to control and make use of that King of Ling Ju.”

...

“King of Ling Ju Lifeform?”

“It’s our own term. If you’re interested, I have some unimportant top-secret information here. I’ll send it to you later. Take a look for yourself. Oh, there’s no need to send it to you. You’re now one of the deputy team leaders of my Galaxy Spirit Research Project team. There’s relevant information inside. Take a look when you have time. It’ll be beneficial to you,” Cai Shaochu said.

This time, Xu Tui really left. He greeted Fang You, who looked rather dejected outside the door.

Xu Tui returned to his large suite and informed them about the drill. He then used his status as the deputy team leader of the Galaxy Spirit Research Project to check on the relevant information.

Xu Tui regretted it when he saw it. He saw it too late. Xu Tui did not know if the information in the Galaxy Spirit Research Project was top-secret, but he had never seen any of the information he saw here before.

There were also many wild conjectures that could be linked to certain facts. It broadened Xu Tui’s horizons.

In the afternoon, after the joint training, Xu Tui arrived at the Full Frequency Energy Testing Device Hall of the Moon’s Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College alone.

This place was not often open. On the contrary, it was closed most of the time. It would only be open when the students needed to be tested for energy damage. This was because every time he activated it, he would consume a lot of energy.

Under normal circumstances, other people would not be able to enter even if they wanted to. However, Xu Tui entered the hall after he displayed his low-grade Level B rights.

This was also one of the benefits of Level B individual rights.

Xu Tui could not imagine that this metal lump was a high-level intelligent lifeform when he looked at the huge octagonal-crystal body.

...

In this current state, there was a high chance that it had fainted from hunger.

Xu Tui did not ask the attendant to activate it immediately. Instead, he first stood in front of the huge octagonal body. He slowly extended his mental perception and placed it on it.

The unknown was terrifying.

Xu Tui already had a basic understanding of this Ling Ju Lifeform. Even Cai Shaochu had said that this thing was still alive. It was not surprising that he had encountered it previously.

Mental perception, microscopic perception, penetration perception!

Xu Tui’s mental perception leveled up. It lasted for a full minute after he switched to his penetration perception. Xu Tui was slightly stunned.@@novelbin@@

Nothing happened!

It did not have any consciousness. This was completely different from the soft exclamation and consciousness he had sensed before.

Ling Ju Lifeform seemed to have died. There was no reaction.

“Could it be that the consciousness of Ling Ju Lifeform that I sensed last time was just my imagination, or did this thing really malfunction?”

Xu Tui could not sense anything for three minutes. He could only give up.

“Hello, please help me activate this full-frequency energy testing device,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, Researcher Xu. According to your individual rights level, you can activate this full-frequency energy testing device for 30 seconds at most. The frequency is twice a year. Uh… You’re the deputy leader of the Galaxy Spirit Research Group?” The teacher on duty was suddenly a little surprised.

“Yes.”

“Deputy Leader Xu, if you are in the research field, you can activate it for 30 seconds. However, the frequency can be once a month. You can use both rights at the same time,” the teacher on duty said.

“Then I’ll have to trouble you, Teacher. Activate it for 30 seconds.”

Since he was here, he could test the strength of his energy. The only thing that surprised Xu Tui was that the position of the deputy team leader of the Galaxy Spirit Research Group seemed to be quite valuable.