Chapter 757 - 757 Trust And Secret Experiment (3)

757 Trust and Secret Experiment (3)

Ever since Cai Shaochu found out about the incident at the Konarak Sun Temple, Xu Tui knew that Cai Shaochu should be trustworthy. The two teachers, Mr. Ji and Mr. He, were heartless. They would trick him, but they would definitely not harm him.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui brought the tri-colored Ling Ju that was filled with three layers of alloy boxes and two layers of lead paper to Cai Shaochu.

“Wow, you’re so cautious! That old thing, Itavi, would probably be furious if he saw this. No matter how many trump cards he has, he won’t be able to sense this thing for the time being.”

“Domain!” With a soft shout, white light rose from all directions and immediately isolated Xu Tui and Cai Shaochu.

!!

He was still on the rooftop, but Xu Tui felt that he was in another world.

Cai Shaochu had already taken out the tri-colored Ling Ju from the heavy alloy box. He swept his gaze over it. Ten minutes later, Cai Shaochu’s piercing gaze scanned the tri-colored Ling Ju more than a hundred times before slowly moving away.

“There are three extremely weak mental branding points. The kind that can only be sensed when it’s within a hundred meters. It should be Itavi’s last resort. I eliminated it. However, this tri-colored Ling Ju is really dead. It must have been completely destroyed by Itavi. There’s no aura of any spirit.” After saying that, Cai Shaochu added, “Of course, I can’t rule out the possibility of a power far beyond my understanding hiding it. However, the possibility is extremely small.”

“This tricolor Ling Ju Lifeform is dead. Does that mean that Ling Ding is lying to me?” Xu Tui said. Indeed, this alien lifeform could not be trusted!

“It’s hard to say. However, once you bring this thing to it and come into contact with it, it will also be alive,” Cai Shaochu said.

“It can do that?”

“Do you still remember the reproduction method of Ling Ju Lifeform that I told you about?”

“Split and reproduce, including the body and spirit?”

“That’s right. This is also one of our research projects over the years.”

“Principal, do you mean that Ling Ding’s main body will be able to escape if I bring this over? Has this fellow been using me from the beginning?” Xu Tui was a little angry.

“Not entirely. However, its main body will definitely not escape. At most, a small clone will escape. It has given us thousands of descendants to use over the years. If it could run, it would have run away long ago. We humans have ways to control it! However, it’s obvious that there are some things that it did not say,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, do you mean that humans haven’t squeezed it dry?”

“How is that possible! This guy can’t be killed. We didn’t make it suffer too much. It can be said to be fearless…” At this point, Cai Shaochu suddenly looked at Xu Tui. “Are you interested in conducting a secret experiment with me? If it succeeded, the quantum technology of the Huaxia Sector might be enhanced by leaps and bounds. If it didn’t, you can also obtain a lot of benefits and convenience.”

Xu Tui suddenly understood what Cai Shaochu meant. He said worriedly, “Principal, safety issues…”

“I’ll be in charge of controlling the safety issue. As long as you do as I say, it will definitely not endanger your safety. All the experiments we have done over the years to study, clean up, and control Ling Ding were not for nothing.

“As for this tri-colored Ling Ju, be it the strengthening of its main body or the spirit that Ling Ding had produced, they were very weak and easy to control. At that time, you only had to strictly enforce the control regulations, especially the source energy level that it could come into contact with. There would definitely be no problems with safety! Moreover, if I take action, there will definitely be more than one safety precaution!”

“Then… I’ll try!” Xu Tui looked at Cai Shaochu, who had a confident and expectant expression. He hesitated and slowly nodded.

“Alright, give me an hour. I need to perfect and go through the relevant details a few times!” Cai Shaochu said excitedly.@@novelbin@@