Chapter 751 - 751 The Principal’S Homework And Full Score (1)

751 The Principal’s Homework and Full Score (1)

At the India Sector’s general base on Moon.

Kitawan had just returned to his small detached building when he met Nilab’s secretary, who had been waiting. She was a secretary with a voluptuous figure, but her clothes were a little conservative. She could perfectly arouse the desires of some men.

She was a very smart woman.

“Honorable Guru, this is the information that Mr. Nilab asked me to pass to you. He said that this person might have the potential to become a planetary powerhouse!”

!!

There was only one true guru in the India Sector, and that was Itavi. However, to most people, they could only use the word ‘guru’ to express their strongest respect for an expert like Kitawan.

“Got it. Go ahead. Oh, yes, inform the person-in-charge of the special forces that there will be a meeting at seven tonight,” Kitawan said.

“We will follow Guru’s instructions.” Even when she bowed, Nilab’s female secretary was constantly displaying her proud figure.

The information was naturally Xu Tui’s information. This was not the first time Xu Tui’s name had appeared in Kitawan’s sight. Whether it was his teacher’s reminder or the disappearance of Silus, Kitawan was more familiar with this name. He even hated it.

“He might have the potential to become a planetary powerhouse!” Kitawan sneered.

He naturally understood what Nilab meant. Nilab wanted him, a genius from the Huaxia Sector who had just appeared, to be eliminated.

Planetary potential was not that easy!

He, Kitawan, had been called to have Planetary potential by his teacher, Itavi, since he was just 20 years old. However, after decades, he was still a quasi-planetary-level. He could not take that most crucial step.

Of course, that was just a little criticism.

Regardless of whether Xu Tui had the potential to become a planet or a quasi-planet, this student had already entered the sights of him and his teacher, Itavi.

Elimination is definite. However, his teacher’s orders were to capture him alive. It concerned the red fire slip that his teacher had mentioned. It was mainly because of his teacher’s will.

That was because the red fire slip might have a chance to advance to the Planetary realm.

Ten minutes later, Kitawan appeared in front of Itavi’s quiet room. He knocked on the door respectfully and entered.

“Teacher, the members of the special forces who are participating in the space invasion are going to set off the day after tomorrow. Please give us a clear explanation about that matter. Do you want to carry out that plan?” Kitawan asked respectfully.

“My personal preference is to… execute. I haven’t mentioned this in the alliance. Those people are all more relaxed than the others. We can’t discuss such a major matter with them,” said Itavi.

When he heard that they were going to carry it out, Kitawan immediately felt his mouth go dry. Once that matter was really carried out, it would be too difficult to stop.

“Teacher, are we really going to execute it?” Kitawan leaned over and asked again, “Teacher, once the implementation begins, we might not be able to turn back! Once it is discovered, regardless of right or wrong, we will be forever nailed to the sinner’s pillar by the world!”

Hearing this, Itavi slowly stood up. “What do you think? Trapped at this step for the rest of your life? Also, look at our India Sector. We have a large population and the mid- to low-level forces are stronger than the other sectors.

“However, in terms of profit, status, and authority, we were only slightly stronger than the Africa Sector.

“Why? It was because there were too few Planetary realm powerhouses at the top! This also resulted in fewer opportunities for the elites of the India Sector to grow into planetary-level and quasi-planetary-level powerhouses.

“It’s a vicious cycle!”

At this point, Itavi suddenly turned around and stared back at Kitawan. “I’ve already broken through to the Planetary realm. My lifespan is not of concern. But what about you? There’s not much left, right?”

Kitawan trembled when he heard that. His face turned ashen. “In at most ten years, I will enter the aging stage. My strength will also rapidly decrease…” After saying that, Kitawan suddenly lowered his body and crawled to the ground. He prostrated himself on the ground and said, “Everything is ruled by Teacher’s will!”

Itavi personally helped Kitawan up from his seat. “Follow the plan. You might as well be more careful with the plan. As long as the plan succeeds, at the very least, your lifespan problem should be resolved.”

“Thank you for your pity, Teacher!” Then, Kitawan placed Xu Tui’s information that Nilab had given him in front of Itivy. “Teacher, I’m afraid we won’t be able to capture Xu Tui alive if we take action on an unknown planet that is engaged in a space invasion.” Kitawan raised the current problem.

Itavi frowned and pondered for a few seconds. He suddenly said, “Since we are going to implement that plan, we have to be extremely cautious. We still have a chance to deal with Xu Tui. Moreover, this concerns the Red Fire Slip. In that case, I’ll make another trip with my mental body to ensure the safety of the plan.”

“Teacher, when your mental body was destroyed last time, you…”

Itavi waved his hand. “It’s fine. Last time, it was during the energy tide. There were too many restrictions. This time, the power of the mental body will only be stronger. As long as I’m not defeated, it’s fine with my strength.”

“I’m incompetent. I have to trouble you, Teacher…”

…

To be honest, the so-called final reward that Principal Cai Shaochu had given Xu Tui during the Battle of the Fantasy Domain was true after he completely recovered from the trauma of death.

Was he afraid of death?

He was really afraid before he died.@@novelbin@@

Who wouldn’t be afraid? 99% of those who said that they were not afraid of death were bragging!

However, everything was different when you experienced death once.

Was he afraid of death?

He was still afraid!

However, after experiencing the process of death and fighting two waves of three and five Genetic Transmutation Realm aboriginal creatures, Xu Tui suddenly understood a principle.