Chapter 759 - 759 Old Fox And New Members (2)

759 Old Fox and New Members (2)

“By the way, Principal, don’t forget the life-saving card you promised my teacher.”

Cai Shaochu pointed at Xu Tui and laughed when he heard that. “Kid, why? You don’t believe me? Don’t worry!”

Xu Tui bowed as a student and turned to leave.

Tomorrow was the 19th of July, which was the day of the space invasion.

!!

In every battle, be it the actual combat on Mars, the space invasion, or the pioneer raiders team at the end of September, they had won a complete victory. However, there were still many people who could not return every time.

They would forever be buried in another star. Most of the students on the Blue Star felt that this was very hot-blooded. However, this was very cruel to the extraterrestrial participants.

Someone would definitely die in battle. No one wanted to be the one to die in battle. However, no one could guarantee that they would be able to return alive. Some people were conflicted, some hesitated, and some drank and sang.

But everyone had left a will.

This was a request!

Just like Mars, if they returned alive, the will would be sent to the incinerator. If they died in battle, it would really be a will!

Most people chose to contact their families, relatives, and even friends on this night. They would make a video call.

Xu Tui was no exception.

The will had been written and uploaded. He made a video call to his parents, chatted with them for a while, and asked about their health. He hung up less than ten minutes later.

This was a normal exchange. If he said too much, they would be worried.

Of course, in the end, Xu Tui mentioned that he wanted to participate in the special training of a school. There was no Internet during the special training. He would probably contact them when he returned in two months.

His parents did not think too much about it.

They felt that the special training in the school was similar to military training. However, they were in the extra-terrestrial. Then, Xu Tui called the energetic student, Zhuang Ziqiang, and instructed him.

Xu Tui usually relied on Zhuang Ziqiang to take care of Luo Shifeng’s mother when he was in the extra-terrestrial. Of course, he also had to trouble Zhuang Ziqiang to take care of Xu Tui’s parents from time to time.

Xu Tui wanted to call Cheng Mo, but he did not in the end. If Xu Tui did not return, Cheng Mo would do some things even without an explanation.

Finally, Xu Tui called An Xiaoxue. “Xiaoxue, I’m going to participate in the space invasion tomorrow. When are you coming to the extra-terrestrial?”

“Where are you?” An Xiaoxue suddenly asked in the video.

“I’m in the extra-terrestrial.”

“Where in the extra-terrestrial?”

“School, my dormitory.”

“Location and house number.” Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He suppressed his joy and reported his location. He heard An Xiaoxue say, “I’ll be there in ten minutes.”

As expected, just as Xu Tui had guessed, An Xiaoxue had already arrived in the extra-terrestrial.

Xu Tui was so happy that he almost jumped up. He quickly tidied up his suite. Thanks to the habits he had developed from being roommates with Luo Murong, the room was not messy, but it was not that clean.

At the same time, Xu Tui rubbed his stubble.

Ten minutes later, there was a knock on the door. Xu Tui opened the door and saw An Xiaoxue, who had tied her long silver hair into a ponytail, walking in valiantly.

“You didn’t even tell me you were coming.”

“I just arrived this morning.”

Xu Tui stepped forward and pulled An Xiaoxue into his arms. An Xiaoxue’s delicate body stiffened slightly. She was slowly pulled into Xu Tui’s arms. Xu Tui gently pressed his forehead against An Xiaoxue’s. He could feel An Xiaoxue’s delicate body softening.

However, just as Xu Tui was about to take another step, An Xiaoxue forcefully struggled free.

“No, this is a school!”

“I didn’t do anything.” Xu Tui smiled bitterly.@@novelbin@@

“Then what else do you want?”

“I… just wanted to kiss you.”

An Xiaoxue blushed and lowered her head. “This is a school. You’re a student. No!”

Xu Tui: “…”

Actually, Xu Tui did not want to go overboard. They held hands and sat side by side. They chatted here and there. It felt like they did not do anything. Time passed quickly.

“I’m going back to the dormitory. It’s ten o’clock.” An Xiaoxue stood up, her eyes filled with gentleness.

“This… My dormitory is quite big. Why don’t you… not go back tonight?” Xu Tui said boldly.

An Xiaoxue raised her brows slightly. “Sure, but I need someone to stand guard outside the door all night!”

Xu Tui understood what An Xiaoxue meant, but he still said, “It’s just a post. No problem.”

An Xiaoxue glared at Xu Tui. “You have to set off for the battle tomorrow. Why are you still standing guard? You have to rest well! I won’t send you off tomorrow. I’ll pick you up when you return victorious.”

“Okay! Last request. Close your eyes,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui. Her pretty face suddenly turned red. However, she still followed Xu Tui’s request and slowly closed her eyes. Xu Tui could even see An Xiaoxue’s long eyelashes trembling. She was very nervous!

Xu Tui bent down gently.

Ten seconds later, An Xiaoxue pushed Xu Tui away. She waved her silver ponytail and quickly left. Xu Tui tasted the lingering fragrance at the corner of his mouth. He felt lost. This feeling seemed very good.

Xu Tui thought about it for a while before he looked at the time. He was stunned when he saw his communication device. There were a few missed calls. Some were from Cui Xi and Zhao Hailong, and two were from Tian Suqing.

“Ah Huang, why are there no notifications for so many missed calls?” Xu Tui was a little surprised.