Chapter 756 - 756 Trust And Secret Experiment (2)

756 Trust and Secret Experiment (2)

“Is it still in your hands, or have you come into contact with it?” Ling Ding asked.

Xu Tui remained silent.

“Can you answer me? This is very important!”

“How is it important?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

!!

“If you hold this tricolor Ling Ju now, I might be able to get it to bring you some huge help. Our Ling Ju Lifeform had extremely strong support abilities back then for the sake of safety,” Ling Ding said.@@novelbin@@

“Whether it’s work, life, or battle, it will be helpful to you. It’s definitely worth it,” Ling Ding quickly added, afraid that Xu Tui would not agree.

“I do have it, but I’ve used my mental perception to sense that it’s an inanimate object. There’s nothing there,” Xu Tui said.

“Impossible. The Tricolor Ling Ju is even more noble than me in our clan. It’s impossible for it to die! Even if it is swept by the mind power of a Planetary realm powerhouse, it will not die. It will only sleep,” Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui’s mind raced. He suddenly asked, “How do I wake it up?”

“If you bring it to me, I can use the special method of my race to wake it up and serve you. It will bring you many conveniences,” Ling Ding said.

After a few seconds of silence, Xu Tui suddenly asked, “What benefits can you get from doing this?”

“Can you understand an elder’s love for his descendants?” In the next moment, Xu Tui did not say anything else. He turned around and left. Ling Ding became anxious and quickly called out, “I’m telling the truth! I can really wake it up and give you great help.

“Especially in the boundless interstellar space, we can help you establish a fixed communication network within a certain range! It is true! Our quantum technology is the most advanced—”

Ling Ding’s voice suddenly disappeared. Xu Tui had stepped out of the testing hall. The communication between the two of them had been interrupted. He only thought for a moment before he turned around and went to Cai Shaochu’s private residence.

Xu Tui would not do something as stupid as believing an alien being and refusing to believe in his own Planetary realm powerhouse in the Huaxia Sector.

Xu Tui had to tell Cai Shaochu about this. As for whether it was dangerous or not, he would decide if he wanted to deal with Ling Ding. As a Planetary realm powerhouse, even if he was the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, Cai Shaochu was still very free.

However, Xu Tui was shocked by Cai Shaochu’s mansion in the extra-terrestrial.

It was a six-story villa. However, the sign hanging at the door stunned Xu Tui. It was the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute. The first five floors were all for the research institute. Xu Tui even met many researchers after he revealed his identity and entered.

Only the sixth floor was Cai Shaochu’s private residence.

Cai Shaochu, who had been informed, was waiting for Xu Tui on the balcony on the top floor. Xu Tui bowed slightly. He gestured for Xu Tui to sit down. He even brought Xu Tui a cup of tea. “You’re looking for me again so quickly. There must be something. Tell me.”

Xu Tui did not hide anything. He told Cai Shaochu everything that had happened between him and Ling Ding.

However, Cai Shaochu was not surprised at all. Instead, he looked at Xu Tui and said, “It seems that you have cultivated the Spiritual Resonance of the School of Radiation Influence well. Your mental perception is also very high. Most Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivators do not have your attainments.”

“Principal, about that Ling Ding, will it be detrimental to our Blue Star? Will it harm our Huaxia Sector?”

Cai Shaochu smiled and shook his head with a nonchalant expression. “There’s no need to make a fuss. This fellow says that to everyone who can talk to him. However, over the years, fewer and fewer experts went to him. He said a lot of those similar words.”

Xu Tui was silent for a moment. He suddenly said, “But Principal, I really have the tricolor Ling Ju that it mentioned!”

Cai Shaochu froze. His smile disappeared, and his expression suddenly became serious.

“Silence!” With a soft shout, a silent silence spread out. Cai Shaochu had already sat up straight. “Where did it come from? Just as Ling Ding said, the tricolor Ling Ju is indeed higher-level than a pure-colored lifeform like Ling Ding.

“However, they were not immortal. If it did not grow to a certain extent, it would still be destroyed. According to the current information, Ling Ding was the only high-level lifeform in the entire solar system. The other Ling Ju Lifeforms were all lives that it split and reproduced. Including the full-frequency energy detector that I gave you.”

“Principal, what about the full-frequency information detector from Phobos? Isn’t that huge?” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

“Harun slashed it! It was split in half by the lightning saber, but it was actually all Ling Ding,” Cai Shaochu said.

Harun was publicly acknowledged as the strongest Planetary realm powerhouse in the American Sector. He was a lightning-type supernatural being. Xu Tui knew this name.

“Principal, do you still remember the Konarak Sun Temple? I snatched the tricolor Ling Ju from there. When I first got it, there was also a mental figure of Itavi inside,” Xu Tui said.

“No wonder this old thing is looking for this like a lunatic. Wait, you said that there’s a mental figure of Itavi inside?”

“Yes.” Xu Tui nodded.

Cai Shaochu was stunned. “This old thing mastered it? No wonder…”

“Go, bring it over and I’ll help you see if there are any hidden dangers,” Cai Shaochu said after some thought.

Xu Tui did not hesitate and went back to retrieve it. They had already communicated to this extent. It would be too stupid to have any doubts. If Cai Shaochu really wanted to snatch Xu Tui’s things, Xu Tui would not be able to fight back.