Chapter 758 - 758 Old Fox And New Members (1)

758 Old Fox and New Members (1)

What happened next was that Cai Shaochu was busy.

In the middle, Cai Shaochu even brought the Tricolored Ling Ju out for a while. He only handed the Tricolored Ling Ju back to Xu Tui after he returned. However, the Tricolored Ling Ju was stuffed into an alloy lead box the size of an egg and returned to Xu Tui.

This surprised Xu Tui. Its size seemed to have changed. Previously, this Tricolored Ling Ju was the size of an egg. Now, it was placed in a box the size of an egg. Has this thing shrunk?

“I went to the testing hall just now. After a short exchange with Ling Ding, it has successfully reproduced,” Cai Shaochu said.

!!

“It’s alive?”

“You could say that.”

“It’s Ling Ding?”

“Yes.” Cai Shaochu nodded again. “I’ve already used your mind power to set up two safety measures just now. One of them was made of your mind power at my level. You should have sensed it.

“You can detonate it at any time. It can be said to be the ultimate safety measure. However, this ultimate safety measure could not kill the spirit that Ling Ding had colonized into the Tricolored Ling Ju’s body.

“Even if the main consciousness that it reproduced was very weak, it was extremely difficult to kill it with its body. However, this ultimate safety measure could instantly exhaust all the energy in its body and make it fall into a dormant state.

“Remember, don’t use this ultimate safety measure easily. This was because this ultimate safety measure could instantly expend all of Ling Ding’s energy to make it sleep after it was detonated. Don’t use it lightly unless you have no other choice. This is a one-time thing.

“I’ve already taught you the second safety measure just now. After you’re done, use it to practice. Get familiar with it and you can make it at any time. If it was disobedient or dishonest, you could use this method to deal with it at any time.

“The third safety measure is to carry this nano beehive lead box with you. If you feel that something is wrong or if it didn’t listen to you, you could throw it in. This could be considered as locking it in the small black room.

“Ling Ju Lifeform was a high-level lifeform that had evolved over countless years. After so many years of research, we discovered that they liked elegant, quiet, and comfortable living environments.@@novelbin@@

“Compared to these characteristics, there are things that they hate. You can slowly explore them. Next, I’ll tell you about its most important function at the moment. This function might bring you a certain level of convenience in this space invasion battle. You can use it carefully.

“99% of Ling Ju Lifeforms were multiplicants. Primitive bodies like the Ling Ju Lifeforms and the Tricolored Ling Ju had a natural advantage over multiplicants, especially its own multiplicants. With a certain amount of energy, you can directly locate and communicate remotely. Do you understand?” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui was stunned. He suddenly said in shock, “Principal, are you saying that I can contact the other members of my team to a certain extent with this? Even on an unknown planet that doesn’t have a way to establish contact?”

“That’s right. The prerequisite is that your teammates have to bring its colonies with them! For example, the full-frequency energy detector that I sent you previously. That gadget is all low-level Ling Ju that were colonized from Ling Ding. This is also the reason why I’m in a hurry to complete this matter today,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded heavily. He understood the importance of convenience. In an unknown area, communication was too important!

“But this kind of communication is one-way. However, through some methods, you can make a secret communication. You can study it carefully. Other than that, it should also bring you a lot of convenience. Take your time to figure it out. You can treat this as a long-term dog-training mission. Origin energy is the best dog food! I think that with your intelligence, you should be able to grasp this extent well,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, don’t worry. I will definitely complete this special mission as soon as possible and obtain the relevant information as soon as possible,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu shook his head. “We can’t be anxious. We must never be anxious! We can wait, but we can’t afford to fail. Don’t underestimate Ling Ding. It might be an old fox who has lived longer than all of us humans.

“Of course, its understanding is different from us humans. Get along with it slowly and build basic trust. Then, find an opportunity to obtain it. Sometimes, you could even exchange benefits. We can afford to wait five or ten years. Take your time.”

“I’ll remember that, Principal.”

“Go. I won’t send you off when you set off to participate in the battle tomorrow! I’ll personally welcome you when you return victorious,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. “That’s right, Principal. When will my teacher, An Xiaoxue, and the others be leaving for the exploration? When will the next batch of reclamation teams set off?”

“It hasn’t been decided yet. The intelligence is still being analyzed and collected. The initial plan is that the reclamation team should set off at the end of September. Your space invasion battle is estimated to last two months. At that time, if you perform well and have fewer casualties, and if the information we gather is in place, we might allow the special forces to participate in the wasteland development.” After saying that, Cai Shaochu added, “Don’t worry about safety. This batch of pioneer raiders is the largest batch. There are thousands of people participating.”