Chapter 750 - 750 The Most Precious Reward (2)

750 The Most Precious Reward (2)

After thinking for a while, Nilab printed Xu Tui’s information and handed it to his secretary.

“The tactical guidance of our sector in this year’s space invasion is Mr. Kitawan, right?” Nilab asked.

“Yes, Sir.”

“Send this information to Mr. Kitawan later. Tell him that I feel that this student is already so powerful at the Genetic Mutation Realm. He might have the potential to become a planetary powerhouse in the future! That will do,” Nilab said, then happily picked up a glass of wine. Mr. Kitawan would understand what he meant.

…

At the combat training ground of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, Cai Shaochu clasped his hands together with a serious expression.

Although the battle for the quantum beacon had ended, the survivors were still in the Fantasy Domain and had to be maintained.

At the side, the quasi-planetary-level powerhouses who had finished their duties as supervisors had all left. However, the quasi-planetary-level powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector, Dai Qi, moved closer to Cai Shaochu.

“Principal Cai, this Xu Tui is someone from Old Ji’s Genetic Miracle, right? His performance this time was so shocking. I remember that there should be aboriginal creatures at the Genetic Transmutation Realm participating in the battle in the Fantasy Domain, right?” Dai Qi asked.

Cai Shaochu glanced at Dai Qi and said expressionlessly, “Yes! However, the strength of the enemies they encounter is different according to the number of participants.”

Dai Qi’s brows twitched when he heard that. Cai Shaochu’s words seemed to be protective. However, that made sense. Cai Shaochu’s relationship with the Genetic Miracle was not bad to begin with. He could be considered an academic.

“The strength of the India Sector is getting stronger and stronger. There’s also the European Sector…”

Dai Qi had not finished his sentence when he was interrupted by Cai Shaochu’s cold gaze.

“The India Sector is getting stronger and stronger? To think that you can say that! All these years of actual combat on Mars, are the elites sacrificed by the India Sector paper men?” Cai Shaochu’s voice was filled with reprimands.

However, be it Cai Shaochu’s status as a Planetary realm powerhouse or the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, he had the right to scold him.

“Don’t make excuses for your mistakes. Don’t you know why there are not many people participating in the Taiyi Special Force that your son and the others organized? Don’t hold so many thresholds! Don’t retrospect the sect views from hundreds of years ago! I hope that the genetic ancient martial arts would not walk the same path as the ancient martial arts from hundreds of years ago. The greater the difference between sects and factions, the faster you will decline! Valuing your own things has never been a compliment!” Cai Shaochu said coldly.

Although Cai Shaochu had just given him a lecture, Dai Qi was not afraid at all. After all, he was a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. Moreover…

“Principal Cai, I understand what you’re saying, but this matter is not something that I can decide. At least from the looks of it, it’s only right to set a threshold. After all, we haven’t been allowed to open classes in the school yet!” Dai Qi said.

These words made Cai Shaochu frown. It was hard to say who was right and who was wrong in this matter.

Genetic ancient martial arts had always wanted to become the mainstream of the students’ cultivation in the Blue Star’s schools. They wanted to become a faculty and start a course. At the very least, they wanted to receive the same treatment as the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch.

However, for various reasons, it never passed. Among them, most of the problems were with genetic ancient martial arts, especially the faction retro. If Cheng Fengxi was still alive, he might be able to solve this problem.

However…

“You’re the tactical guidance of the Huaxia Sector’s student special forces this year, right?” Cai Shaochu changed the topic.

“It’s me, Principal.”

“Tell the brats in Taiyi. Next year, they have to have three participants in the competition for the quantum beacon. In other words, there had to be more than 60 elites who signed up for the space invasion next year.

“Otherwise, I’ll personally find some trouble for them.” Cai Shaochu sneered and added, “I don’t care about your little schemes, but the overall interests of the Huaxia Sector are above everything!”

“I’ll inform them,” Dai Qi said calmly.

“There’s also that idiot from the Ruan Family of Haotian. Whether it’s the old or the young, I don’t care about their thoughts and schemes. I don’t even care about their private goods!

“However, from this year onwards, if the casualty rate of the Haotian Special Force exceeds the average casualty rate of the various special forces, I guarantee that the commander of the Haotian Special Force will be changed next year! If he could not do it in a year, I would change the commander!

“This request, or rather, this threat will always be valid as long as I am the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College!” Cai Shaochu said coldly.

“I’ll let them know,” Dai Qi said.

“Including the old ones! You can tell the old man in the Ruan Family to treat this as a military order from the Pangu Special Force. Although the commander is no longer around, the military order is still valid. If he doesn’t believe it, he can try!” Cai Shaochu said.

Hearing the words ‘Pangu Special Force’, Dai Qi’s expression turned serious. He instantly placed his feet together and bowed. “Roger that!”

…

On the combat training ground, the white light in the middle shone again.

The two survivors of the Apollo Special Force in the European Sector screamed as they fell out of the white light. The moment Captain Gerning fell out, he was still roaring and screaming angrily. It did not feel good to be dismembered by a powerful enemy. Dozens of seconds after landing, the pale-faced Gerning touched his limbs and head before slowly coming back to his senses. He kept muttering that it was just a hallucination, it’s not real, eliminating the fear of dying in battle.

Another 30 seconds later, the three survivors of the India Sector’s special forces also screamed and fell out.

Captain Larriwang touched his neck abnormally. His face was pale. The feeling of having his head torn off by the enemy was too bad!

Half a minute later, the white light flashed again. Xu Tui fell from the white light to the training ground. He was like a shrimp as he arched his body and curled up.

The feeling of death was too painful and uncomfortable! He panted heavily and sweated profusely. The cold ground, the energy protection shield of the moon base, and the slightly glaring lights made Xu Tui feel that everything was real.

He was still alive! It was just an illusion just now! Xu Tui kept repeating this before he slowly recovered from his death. He flipped over and lay flat.

A bottle of water was gently placed in Xu Tui’s hand.

“Do you need me to treat you?” This was Li Zheng’s voice.

“Thank… Thank you. There’s no need!” Xu Tui refused with difficulty. The cap was unscrewed. The cold, pure water was poured on his face. Only then did Xu Tui completely recover from his death just now.@@novelbin@@

Death!

At this moment, Xu Tui finally understood what Cai Shaochu meant by the final game.

The final game and test was death! Experiencing true death in the Fantasy Domain! Otherwise, the number of enemies would not have increased so quickly.

Xu Tui had a hard time killing three Genetic Transmutation Realm aboriginals. Then, five Genetic Transmutation Realm aboriginals appeared beside him.

In half a second, the Vajra Barrier that Xu Tui was proud of was shattered.

Xu Tui was smashed to pieces in three seconds. He was forcefully torn to pieces by the aboriginal creatures! Before he died, Xu Tui saw one of the aboriginal creatures chewing on his thigh.

That scene made one’s scalp turn numb!

The last survivor, Xu Tui, fell out of the Fantasy Domain. Cai Shaochu opened his eyes slightly. The white fog in the combat training ground completely dissipated.

Cai Shaochu’s gaze landed on the last few people. “Today, be it the loser or the winner, I had let you experience death! It’s because most of you are the commanders or decision makers of the various special forces. I hope that this true death experience will allow you to be more cautious with every decision you make in the space invasion.

“Because your decision might affect the deaths of your members. The feeling of death was really not good! I think that this should be your most precious reward! Experience it well.”

...

With that, Cai Shaochu turned to leave. The other quasi-planetary-level powerhouses also instantly disappeared.

After being stunned for a moment, the students dispersed.

Cui Xi helped Xu Tui up and had a smile that deserved a beating. “Hey, Commander, how does death feel?”

“I’ll let you experience it here next year!” The smile on Cui Xi’s face froze.