Chapter 755 - 755 Trust And Secret Experiment (1)

755 Trust and Secret Experiment (1)

Bang!

The invisible Mountain Formula slammed heavily onto the diamond-shaped full-frequency energy testing device.

The energy bar of the testing device quickly rose.

63!

!!

The attack of the Mountain Formula exploded with 63 bars of energy. 63 bars of energy meant that Xu Tui had the lethality of a Level A Genetic Evolution Realm.

The Earth Spike instantly flashed and shattered inch by inch the moment it hit the surface of the testing device.

64 bars!

After testing twice, Xu Tui stopped. He did not continue testing. It was mainly because the test data of this full-frequency energy testing device would be uploaded to the Blue Star Genetic Committee’s supercomputer database in real time.

Although it would be encrypted according to Xu Tui’s individual rights, there were still many people who could see it. After these two tests and the actual combat previously, Xu Tui had a more accurate judgment of his strength.

In reality, during the test just now, he had held back a little with both the Mountain Formula and the Stab Formula. However, he did not hold back much.

That was 90%.

If he really unleashed his full strength, Xu Tui estimated that he would be able to obtain 65 energy bars. If he used the mind power enhancement necklace, he might be able to obtain 66 or even 67 bars.

Xu Tui did not test his flying sword.

Xu Tui was very confident about it. The explosive lethality of the flying sword was much stronger than the Mountain Formula and the Stab Formula.

Xu Tui, who had experienced many battles, understood that the value of this full-frequency energy testing device was only useful for ordinary students.

It was useless for experts!

For example, Xu Tui, in terms of numerical value, was barely at the explosive lethality of a Level S Genetic Evolution Realm expert or a Level F Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. However, in reality, in a one-on-one situation, the possibility of Xu Tui killing an ordinary Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivator was very high.

The stronger one was, the more useless this thing was.

“Alright, thank you.” Xu Tui thanked the teacher on duty and was about to leave when he suddenly had a thought. He immediately said, “Teacher, wait a moment. Activate it for another 30 seconds. I still have a test.”

“Alright.” The teacher on duty did not mind. This was his job.

The full-frequency energy testing device continued to be activated. Xu Tui casually whipped his mental vibrating whip and used his mental perception.

Xu Tui had just remembered that the last time he sensed something unusual was during the test. According to Principal Cai, this kind of Ling Ju Lifeform was extremely dependent on energy. Was it because it had not been activated for a long time?

Mental perception, penetrating perception!

Five seconds later, a soft exclamation suddenly rang out. Xu Tui was slightly delighted. His guess was correct.

“We… meet again.” This time, the so-called Ling Ju Lifeform took the initiative to greet Xu Tui. Its voice appeared in Xu Tui’s mind as it communicated with his consciousness.

He slowly activated his spiritual resonance, but he did not capture any spirits or possible consciousness. Xu Tui thought for a moment. He did not care about anything else and directly used the Ling Ju Lifeform as his target for mental communication. “You’re still alive?”

This time, it was Ling Ju’s turn to be pleasantly surprised. “You… You… Not only can you see me, but you can also hear my voice and communicate with me?”

“Why? Do you have a problem?”

“No, no. I was just too excited. It’s been a long time. No one has spoken to me for almost ten years. I’m suffocating.”@@novelbin@@

“Aren’t there always people coming to test…”

“Those people are no different from deaf and mute to me.”

Alright, this Ling Ju’s Huaxia language was actually very fluent.

“Deaf and mute?”

“That’s right. Other than Planetary realm powerhouses and a few quasi-planetary realm powerhouses who can communicate with me, you are the first low-level lifeform in the past few decades to be able to communicate with me freely!”

Damn! Xu Tui instantly felt offended. Low-level lifeform! He was actually a low-level lifeform in the eyes of this captive.

“I know. You really don’t like to hear that, but that’s the truth.”

Damn it, he was even more offended.

“How should I address you? You can call me Ling Ding. Yes, in your Huaxia language, it means the king of Ling Ju Lifeform.”

Ling Ju Lifeform was quite sensible. It introduced itself first.

“My… nickname is Worldly!”

“Worldly? He’s a very awesome person in the legends.”

“Legend?”

At this moment, there was a sizzling sound. The light converged and the energy was cut off. The voice of the teacher on duty sounded. “Xu Tui, it’s time.”

“Yes, you’ve worked hard. I’ll leave in a while.”

“Your nickname is Worldly, and your real name is Xu Tui?” Ling Ding suddenly asked.

“You know a lot about us?”

“I’ve been here for 40 to 50 years. I’m bored. You’ve also taken away countless of my descendants. I do know you very well. By the way, you also have the aura of my descendants on you,” Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. “You can sense it?”

“How can I not feel the flesh that fell off my body? You have the aura of my two descendants. One of them was in a batch a few years ago… Eh?” Suddenly, Ling Ding’s tone became nervous. “This is… Do you have a tricolored Ling Ju? Or have you come into contact with a tricolored Ling Ju?”

Xu Tui was stunned. However, his mind and expression did not fluctuate at all. This could be considered an improvement from the shock he got from the principal, Cai Shaochu.

“Can you… tell me?”

“Indeed!” Xu Tui did not deny it.