Chapter 764 - 764 Rescue And The Thought Of Not Losing Money (2)

764 Rescue and the Thought of Not Losing Money (2)

“Commander!” The first to rush over was Li Zheng. She was extremely excited when she saw Xu Tui. On a completely unfamiliar and unknown planet, only their kind could bring them a sense of security.

“I haven’t found any threats for the time being. You can familiarize yourself with the thrusters under your feet first if we are to march quickly later,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!”

Members continued to gather. However, there were ten green spots of light marked by Tri Ling Ding. Two of them were moving in different directions and were not concentrated.

“Can you contact your two low-level colonies?” Xu Tui asked.

“Would you believe me if I said that I don’t have enough energy?” The voice of Tri Ling Ding was filled with caution.

“A reserved trust. How much Origin Energy do you need to contact your two low-level colonies? How far can you contact them?” Xu Tui communicated with his consciousness.

“I need at least 10 grams of Origin Crystals to contact them. The extent of the connection is limited to some basic reactions, such as thermal or marking my location. It’s just marking my location for the low-level colonies,” Tri Ling Ding said.

“My team members can’t communicate with your low-level colonies. Or rather, your low-level colonies can’t communicate at all. Then why did I give you the Origin Crystal?” Xu Tui’s tone suddenly turned cold. “I suddenly realized that my teacher was wrong. You are actually useless! You can’t do this, you can’t do that, and you need to spend Origin Crystals. What’s the use of having you?

“I might as well lock you in a shield box and bury it in an unknown planet to be a future surprise box.” Xu Tui had a displeased expression.

“Bury… future surprise box…” This explanation stunned Tri Ling Ding.

This kind of planet was extremely rare even for lifeforms. No one would notice it if it was thrown to the ground. If it was locked in a shield box and buried in the ground, it would be life imprisonment.

“Don’t, Boss. I’m useful! I can display my location. I have a lot of abilities. However, I’ve just reproduced a new body and am still weak. I need to adapt and recover. Give me some time. Don’t bury me!” Tri Ling Ding was stunned. If it was buried, it would be reproducing its main consciousness into a death row for life!

“Is there a way to directly contact your low-level colonies?” Xu Tui asked.

“Low-level colonies won’t do. There’s a way to contact mid-grade and high-grade colonies,” Tri Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui did not ask again. If he did, it would say that it did not have any Origin Energy. “Hmph, what’s the point of having an iron lump like you?”

What made Tri Ling Ding heave a sigh of relief was that Xu Tui did not throw it into the shield box.

As time passed, more and more members gathered. Cui Xi, Yang Huai, Li Zheng, Miao Huanshan, Yan Xuejin, Mu Xingluan, and the others had all arrived. There were still four people who had not arrived. They were Luo Murong, Tao Guan, Yan Lie, and Zhao Hailong.

However, according to Tri Ling Ding, two of the four people were gathering. The other two should not have seen Xu Tui’s signal. They were constantly moving away from Xu Tui.

For any special forces, gathering was a big problem.

“Commander, should I send out another signal flare?”

Xu Tui’s gaze suddenly tightened before Cui Xi could finish his sentence. Far away, a blood-red signal flare suddenly soared into the sky and did not dissipate for a long time. “Someone is in danger and asking for help. It’s very likely that it’s one of us!”

Near the rise of the distress signal, a signal flare of the Worldly Special Force had been raised previously.

Everyone looked at Xu Tui. The reason why the special forces were set up was mainly to only have one voice at the critical moment. Regardless of right or wrong, he had to maintain one opinion at the critical moment.

“Yang Huai, can you keep up with the speed?” Xu Tui suddenly asked. “I mean, are the thrusters of your custom-made combat uniform moving at full speed?”

“No problem!” Yang Huai, who had met Xu Tui once, gave a straightforward answer.

“Old Cui, I’m not around, and the other vice regiments are not around either. You’ll temporarily be the captain of the special force. Take them and wait for ten minutes. Ten minutes later, move in the direction where I started. Fire the signal flare every three minutes. Be careful. Yang Huai and I will go save him,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright, be careful.” Cui Xi did not waste any time. “The rest of you, form a formation and raise your shields. The Extreme Branch is outside, the Mystery Branch is inside.”

If someone was attacked, it meant that the enemy was nearby. He had to be extremely careful.

In the next moment, a dark blue flame appeared under Xu Tui and Yang Huai’s feet. This was the standard model for custom-made combat uniforms in the extraterrestrial—the nuclear fusion super-micro reactor thruster.

Compared to the repulsive-force flying cars that were popular on the Blue Star, these were more reliable and long-lasting. They also flew faster, but they also had a high requirement on the user’s quality.

Because if he was not careful, he might fall to his death.@@novelbin@@

“Let’s go!” Xu Tui soared into the sky at a 60-degree angle and raised the Vajra Barrier. After he reached a height of 50 meters, Xu Tui began to adjust the angle of the thrusters and maintained a fixed flying posture. There was a strong wind beside his ears.

His flying speed had already exceeded 150 kilometers per hour.

Although he could also reach 120 kilometers per hour at full speed, he had expended too much energy and could not maintain a high speed.

“Can you keep up?” Xu Tui had already entered the walkie-talkie function of his communication device. The contact distance could reach up to 20 kilometers, but it also depended on the environment.

Xu Tui could talk to Yang Huai because of the intercom function.

This unknown planet was different from Mars during the energy tide.