Chapter 760 - 760 Old Fox And New Members (3)

760 Old Fox and New Members (3)

“It’s rare for you and Xiaoxue to be alone. I have to try my best to create favorable conditions for you,” Ah Huang said confidently.

Xu Tui: “…”

Xu Tui first called Zhao Hailong and Cui Xi. He was afraid that the two of them had something urgent to attend to.

“Commander, it’s nothing much. It’s just that there are a few elites from the other genetic evolution colleges in the Huaxia Sector who want to join our Worldly Special Force. I want to ask for your opinion.” Zhao Hailong and Cui Xi were both talking about the same thing.

“What do you guys think?” Xu Tui asked.

“I personally don’t agree! We’re not familiar with most of them. We only hear about them occasionally. We can’t rule out that they have other motives,” Cui Xi said.@@novelbin@@

“I basically agree with Cui Xi’s opinion. There are many people who have applied, but it’s better not to overdo it in the first battle of our special forces. However, there are two people you can consider, Commander,” Zhao Hailong said.

“Who?”

“The Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College’s Martial Champion, Yang Huai. He was a reserve member of the Taiyi Special Force like me previously. I have a certain level of understanding of him.

“The other is Mu Xingluan from the Caiyun Prefecture Genetic Evolution College. I had fought her once before and was not too familiar with her. However, I think that her ability will be a supplement to our special forces. After all, the geographical environment of the planets that are used for space invasion is hard to say,” Zhao Hailong said.

“What ability does Mu Xingluan have?” Xu Tui asked.

“A wood-type supernatural being. She’s good at plant-type detoxification, poison, and has the ability to purify water sources. Currently, our special forces lack supernatural-type power. I think we can consider this Mu Xingluan,” Zhao Hailong said.

“Do you know their background?” Xu Tui asked after some consideration.

“I know Yang Huai. I only have a preliminary understanding of Mu Xingluan. I don’t know the details,” Zhao Hailong replied.

“Okay, give me fifteen minutes. I’ll give you an answer.”

“Okay!”

“Ah Huang, investigate these two people with my authority. Also, call Tian Suqing for me.”

Tian Suqing was now the director of the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division. There must be something wrong for her to suddenly contact Xu Tui.

“You’re not answering my call?” Tian Suqing was a little dissatisfied when the call connected.

“Director Tian, wasn’t I conducting research just now? That’s why I mute my phone. I called you back immediately when I saw your missed call. Just tell me if you need anything.” Xu Tui lowered his posture.

“Can you bring one of my subordinates into your Worldly Special Force tomorrow?” Tian Suqing suddenly asked.

“Bringing your subordinates to participate in the battle. Director Tian, you don’t have to look for me if you want to arrange for someone to participate in the battle, right?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

“Identity requires it. There are some things that need to be investigated. You don’t have to worry about being monitored. After this subordinate of mine enters, he will be separated from you. If you really encounter any danger or problems that you can’t solve, you can even ask him for help. He’s very strong!” Tian Suqing said.

“How strong?”

“One against two, killing two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts alone!”

Xu Tui gasped when he heard that. He was really strong.

“Since you, Director Tian, have spoken, there’s no problem. Send the information over. I’ll report it at the last minute. By the way, Director Tian, help me check on Yang Huai and Mu Xingluan. These two people applied to join my special forces. I wanted to know whether they are suitable or not.” Xu Tui said.

“You said you wanted me to check on these two people for you. Just say it. There’s no need to beat around the bush.”

“Heh, Director Tian, wasn’t I being more tactful?” Xu Tui smiled.

“Five minutes.”

…

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui called Zhao Hailong and Cui Xi back and asked them to approve Yang Huai and Mu Xingluan’s applications to join the team. He also asked them to apply to participate in the battle as soon as possible.

At the same time, a member named Yue Qiang appeared among the participants. This was the subordinate that Tian Suqing had arranged.

Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief after he was done. He was about to pack up and sleep when he suddenly asked before he fell asleep.

“Ah Huang, I asked you to analyze and verify how Mr. Ji knew the truth about the incident at the Konarak Sun Temple. Are there any results?”