Chapter 761 - 761 Tricolored Ling Ding (1)

761 Tricolored Ling Ding (1)

“So far, we haven’t come up with a conclusive reason. However, more than a month ago, Mr. Ji had read my information trajectory twice.”

Ah Huang’s answer made Xu Tui heave a sigh of relief. It was not that there was a mistake in their operation back then. Xu Tui had thought of many possibilities, but this possibility is the one that had the lowest danger level. If he could check Ah Huang’s information trajectory, he would be able to link the incident at the Konarak Sun Temple to Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

“Ah Huang, can’t you delete or change the trajectory of your information?” Xu Tui could not help but ask.

“This is a kind of original recording data. It’s a function that comes with the hardware. If you want to delete or change it, only someone with higher rights can do it. Of course, only managers with higher rights than you can see the information trajectory you produced with me,” Ah Huang said.

!!

He could only accept that. After all, Xu Tui only had Ah Huang, an advanced artificial intelligence quantum computer, as his assistant because he was enjoying the benefits of his predecessors.

Fortunately, both Mr. Ji and Mr. He were family. The next day, at eight o’clock on the 19th of July, 2139, the various special forces gathered in front of the moon’s quantum portal fortress.

There were a total of 14 special forces participating in the battle. The number of people participating in the battle ranged from 10 to 100. There were more than 1,400 elites in the 14 special forces.

Other than the Africa Sector, the number of participants in the other sectors was about 200.

There were a total of 197 people participating in the three major special forces in the Huaxia Sector. The number of people participating in the special forces in the America Sector, the European Sector, and the Russian Sector was on par with the Huaxia Sector.

There were less than a hundred people in the Africa Sector.

The India Sector had the most participants. There were more than 250 people, but their overall quality was worse.

What was worth mentioning were the other two special groups. One of them was the Heavenly Dao Special Force composed of elites from the Yamato, Sing-Malaysia, and Korean Star Sectors in the Huaya Sector. It was not small either. There were more than 100 people.

The other was a special force led by The Myth. The number of participants in the Myth Special Force was also the highest among all the special forces. There were more than 180 people. However, due to the identities of these public welfare organizations, they did not have the right to fight for possession of the quantum beacon.

Other than that, there was another group of people. They were the official participants of the six alliances.

There was a standard quota of 300 people in each sector. The strength of the members of the various special forces was one or two levels lower than the special forces, but they were more action-oriented and disciplined.

This way, there would be more than 3,000 participants in this expedition. For an expedition team, it was quite a lot. However, compared to a vast planet, 3,000 people was no different from a drizzle in the sea.

The risk was obvious.

“All participants, after receiving your special supplies, prepare to set off.”

The special supply bag was a benefit given to the participants by the Blue Star Genetic Committee.

It was also a basic survival bag.

For example, a bottle of Level B Active Energy Restoration Elixir and 20 bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir for each of them, a comprehensive medicine first-aid kit, 60 days of dry food, compressed pure water, and some synchronized electronic devices.

Other than these supplies, after the special forces set off, the Moon base would continuously use quantum portals to deliver basic survival supplies. This included fully automatic engineering robots for mining and accessories for large-scale signal towers to establish temporary communication.

All in all, the various sectors had invested a lot in every space invasion.@@novelbin@@

“Commander, we are number three. It’s almost our turn.” Yan Xuejin, who was participating in the space invasion for the first time, was a little nervous.

“When we pass later, we have to be fast. The shorter the interval between us passing through the random frequency channel of the quantum portal, the more concentrated the landing area will be.

“A minute after landing, I will send out a signal flare exclusive to the regiment commander to mark my location. If you can see it, send out your signal flare. I will wait for you to gather.

“Those who can’t see it, move according to the strategy in advance and pay attention to the sky. I will shoot the signal flares at a regular time. If anything unexpected happens, we will follow the rules of the invasion.”

Fifteen minutes later, a voice came from the entrance of the quantum arbitrary door. “The first team of the Group Three, Worldly Special Force, get ready.”

“Let’s go!”

When he entered the quantum portal, Xu Tui could not help but turn around even though An Xiaoxue had said yesterday that she would not come to see him off.

Xu Tui was stunned the moment he turned around. In the distant crowd, An Xiaoxue’s silver hair, which was tied up high, was exceptionally eye-catching. Their gazes met from afar. An Xiaoxue waved her hand forcefully. Xu Tui smiled. He turned around and left after he blew a kiss.

“Follow closely. In!”

“Get ready, enter!” Xu Tui was the first to step into the dazzling quantum portal.

Currently, Xu Tui knew about the moon’s quantum portal, which was a channel with two frequencies. One of them led to Mars. It was fixed. The other was what Xu Tui and the others were currently using, a random frequency quantum portal.

For most of the year, this random quantum portal was really random.