Chapter 763 - 763 Rescue And The Thought Of Not Losing Money (1)

763 Rescue and the Thought of Not Losing Money (1)

“That much? Can you zoom in?”

Xu Tui felt a headache coming on when he saw the spots of light on the small surface.

“I can zoom in, but Boss, I need energy…” Tri Ling Ding did not change. The moment it opened its mouth, it bargained for energy.

Xu Tui’s expression darkened. He was about to activate the mental mark of the Explosion Formula.

The moment Xu Tui’s expression darkened, a shadow instantly extended from the small surface of Tri Ling Ding It became more than ten times larger. “Alright, Boss, I’ll magnify it for you. However, I really lack energy… Alright, let’s not talk about this. I don’t lack energy. You can wake me up when I run out of energy. Sigh, the feeling of emptiness after all the strength in my body is overdrawn is really uncomfortable…”

Xu Tui did not detonate the Explosion Formula this time because Tri Ling Ding was rather cooperative. Being obedient was a good sign. However, after being magnified ten times, there were even more densely packed spots of light.

“Xu Tui, there are a total of 947 spots of light. This means that there are 947 low-level colonies of Tri Ling Ding on this unknown planet. This number should be normal. Every student would be given a full-frequency energy detector when they participated in the Mars battle. This would not be taken back.

“Although the function was very simple, it could determine the strength of the unknown enemy to a certain extent and avoid fatal risks. Therefore, most of the students still bring this.”

This time, it was Ah Huang’s voice. Ah Huang spoke hurriedly, with a hint of urgency.

At this moment, Xu Tui was maintaining his mental perception and spiritual resonance. Suddenly, he felt an unprecedented mental state from Ah Huang.

Nervous? Urgent? Wanting to show off?

Xu Tui suddenly reacted. Was it because of the appearance of Tri Ling Ding that Ah Huang, an advanced artificial intelligence, felt a sense of crisis from Xu Tui? Ever since it mutated and developed a spirit under the radiation of the Red Fire Slip, Ah Huang could no longer be considered as an ordinary advanced artificial intelligence.

It had a spirit, emotions, and the ability to analyze things on its own. Now, it actually felt a rare sense of crisis. It was becoming more and more like a person.

“Tri Ling Ding, three questions. Mark out the locations of my team members for me. Also, what’s with these dozen or so spots of light that are darker in color? Lastly, the relative positions of the spots of light that you showed me have a range, right? Can you give me a reference distance?” Xu Tui asked.

“Boss, I’ve already marked the locations of the 10 colonies you asked me to touch previously as green. As for the darker spots of light, they were actually the stronger ones in my multiplication.

“Previously, you humans had asked me to reproduce two types of multiplicants with different strengths. There were many low-level multiplicants in every batch. There were tens of thousands of them.

“There’s also a batch of intermediate-level colonies with more refined functions. Every colonization consumes a large amount of my energy. The total number of colonies is not much,” Tri Ling Ding said.@@novelbin@@

“Xu Tui, what I know about intermediate-level colonies is that they are strengthened versions of the full-frequency energy testing device. The strength of the energy testing is even more refined. It is not the four cells from before, but the 12 cells after the upgrade. It was more meaningful as a reference. Some even had a certain level of mutual location sensing function.

“But there were not many of them. Usually, it was only held by the commanders of the various special forces. However, because of its practicality, some Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses also took a portion of it away for their relatives to use.

“We can’t rule out the possibility that the commander of the special forces has an intermediate multiplicator of Tri Ling Ding,” Ah Huang added anxiously. This time, it really felt a sense of crisis.

“Mark all of your intermediate colonies as blue.”

“Alright.” If Tri Ling Ding could show its image, it would definitely pout. It wanted to mention that it did not have enough energy, but it did not dare to. Xu Tui was too ruthless.

“Ah Huang, analyze the basic data of the current planet.”

The mechanical dog hanging at Xu Tui’s waist instantly grew a pair of wings and flew out. At the moon base, Xu Tui had also modified Ah Huang’s body. He could not move the chip, but he could make it more and more practical.

In the sky, Xu Tui could already see the figure of the member closest to him. It was still more than three kilometers away from him. It seemed to be Li Zheng.

There were no threats within a thousand-meter radius of his mental perception.

There was no desertification on the surface for the time being, which meant that there was most likely water on this planet. As far as the eye could see, he realized that the growth on the surface of the planet was mainly three colors: blue, silver, and red. There seemed to be a little green in the extreme.

Every space invasion was the process of the Blue Star searching for space colonization or space immigration. However, planets that were suitable for humans to live on after a small modification were too difficult to find.

So far, they had not discovered anything.

“Preliminary testing and analysis: There is oxygen on an unknown planet. The concentration is close to 10%. However, it is not recommended to breathe directly. Microorganisms such as viruses are unknown.

“Preliminary tests showed that the environmental factors of the unknown planet were 40% similar to those of the Blue Star. It’s just a rough test result. A detailed analysis requires a large-scale testing device.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

That was the only way for now. It was already very rare for Ah Huang to be able to integrate many functions with its egg-sized body. A reliable analysis required a large-scale device. It would be sent over through a random directional channel through a quantum portal.