Chapter 766 - 766 Passive Resonance—Killing Intent (1)

766 Passive Resonance—Killing Intent (1)@@novelbin@@

Most of the 200-odd Mechanical Spirits who were chasing after him were killed by Xu Tui in an instant. The rest of them fled in panic.

Tao Guan looked up at Xu Tui, who was low in the air. Suddenly, he seemed to have lost all his support. He lay flat on his back, and his chest began to rise and fall like a bellows.

Previously, he did not feel anything when he was on the verge of death. Now that the crisis was suddenly resolved, Tao Guan was sweating profusely. His heart was beating like a drum, and even his hands were trembling.

He was not scared. It was just that the longbow had shot too quickly just now and his muscles were too tense. He was a little convulsive. He lay there and looked at the not-too-blinding sun in the sky. Tears suddenly welled up in his eyes.

It felt good to be alive!

It was true. He had been prepared to die in battle on the alien planet just now. He even regretted leaving a will.

He was even more indignant! He was unwilling to die like this!

After escaping death, all his unwillingness turned into hot tears that surged out of his eyes.

Bang!

Xu Tui, who had landed on the ground, kicked Tao Guan’s butt. “If you don’t want to look for oxygen bags everywhere in a few days, quickly control your breathing. God knows if the oxygen on this planet can be breathed directly!”

Tao Guan instantly became excited when he saw Xu Tui land beside him. He struggled to sit up. “Commander, you saved my life. A word of thanks is not enough. I can only say that I’ll remember it!”

Xu Tui’s foot responded to Tao Guan. He gave Tao Guan another kick. It hurt a little, but it was within his tolerance. “I’m warning you officially. If you dare to question my orders at the critical moment in the future, you’ll be kicked out of the Worldly Special Force! You idiot, you almost killed yourself!” Xu Tui scolded.

Tao Guan looked awkward. “Commander, aren’t there too many enemies? I think…”

“What do you think? If you think, then that the regiment commander should be you and not me. Remember this next time. You have to do whatever I tell you to do during wartime. You can’t hesitate,” Xu Tui lectured.

“Remember, Commander.” Tao Guan nodded with a lingering fear.

This space invasion was much more dangerous than actual combat on Mars. Of course, it might also be because the actual combat on Mars last year was relatively smooth.

Thirty seconds later, Yang Huai arrived. He was not too surprised when he heard from Tao Guan that Xu Tui had defeated more than 200 low-level mechanical spirits by himself. He had witnessed Xu Tui’s heroic bearing during the actual combat on Mars last year.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui, Tao Guan, and Yang Huai met up with Cui Xi. While they were gathering and moving, Yan Lie and Luo Murong also noticed Cui Xi constantly moving and sending out signal flares. They successfully gathered.

At this point, only Zhao Hailong had not gathered. Of course, this was not because of Zhao Hailong’s judgment or bad luck. Instead, it was because Zhao Hailong was the last person to pass through the quantum random frequency transmission channel.

The longer the teleportation interval, the wider the gap between landing.

However, when he landed on the planet, the distance might be measured in kilometers.

Zhao Hailong was the last to pass because he was stronger and had strong survivability. He had already prepared for the worst if they could not meet up in the early stages. In the past, in order to completely contact the members of the other special forces, they usually needed a temporary signal tower to be established before they could gather.

Under normal circumstances, Zhao Hailong, who was currently separated, could only wait for the temporary signal tower to be established. That would take at least four to five days.

Xu Tui secretly glanced at the green spot of light marked by Tri Ling Ding. Currently, only one green spot of light was far away. He could roughly determine that Zhao Hailong was not too far away from them. Xu Tui estimated that he was about 300 to 500 kilometers away.

Xu Tui suddenly pointed in a direction after he sensed the Spiritual Magnetic Marker that he had sent into the defeated soldiers of the Mechanical Spirit Clan.

“Yan Lie, Murong, Old Cui, the three of you, lead the team and move in this direction in a defensive posture. There’s no need to be too fast. Collect possible research specimens as requested by the school along the way. I’m going to fetch Hailong back to the team. If everything goes smoothly, I’ll be able to meet up with you again in three to four hours,” Xu Tui said.

“Commander, there are two questions. How can you find Zhao Hailong? After you find Zhao Hailong, how can you not find us without any contact information?” Yang Huai was the first to speak. “I’m afraid that you won’t be able to find Zhao Hailong and will be separated from us.”

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that. “I never do anything that I am not confident in. Firstly, I know the direction you are going in. Secondly, our Genetic Miracle has a small mind power technique. If I use it in advance, I can roughly sense your direction. The closer you are, the more accurate my senses are. Before I teleported, I used this small technique on Zhao Hailong.”

“In that case, I have no problems!” Yang Huai said.

Xu Tui did not easily admit or display the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence in front of others.

“Is it not safe for you to be alone without someone to take care of you? Why don’t you bring either Murong or Yan Lie along? Li Zheng can do it too,” Cui Xi suggested after some consideration.

“They can’t even keep up with the speed.”

Xu Tui’s words made Luo Murong’s gaze freeze. He was a little unconvinced.

Cui Xi pondered.

Xu Tui smiled when he saw this. “I’ll bring along whoever can maintain their speed to 200 kilometers per hour with the pair of ultra-microscopic fusion foot thrusters.”