Chapter 765 - 765 Rescue And The Thought Of Not Losing Money (3)

765 Rescue and the Thought of Not Losing Money (3)

During the Mars energy tide, most technological equipment could not be used. However, it could be used here.

“I can keep up.” As the martial champion of the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College this year, Yang Huai was still very strong in all aspects.

“Then I’ll speed up. We have to rescue them quickly.”

In the next moment, Xu Tui adjusted his diving state and used his mind power to simulate the structure of a fighter jet. His flying speed increased by a percentage again. It was only because he had a custom-made combat uniform, if not, he could not withstand the wind speed.

“Commander, I can’t keep up…” When Xu Tui’s speed increased to 200 kilometers per hour, Yang Huai spoke immediately. He had not even been able to achieve this speed in the training ground. On this unknown planet, Captain Xu Tui actually…

Xu Tui slowed down slightly and maintained his speed at 170 kilometers per hour. Xu Tui had only tested the maximum speed of the fusion thruster under his control just now. 200 kilometers was far from his limit. If his mind power materialized a flying state, Xu Tui felt that his speed could be increased again.

Another distress signal flare rose in the distance. Xu Tui and Yang Huai’s expressions changed drastically. The fact that he had released two distress signals in a row meant that his life was in danger.

“Come behind me. I’ll go first.” Xu Tui used his mind power to materialize wings that looked like birds. He also used his energy to materialize a linear shape in front of him. In an instant, Xu Tui was like a bird flying at high speed in the air.

His speed reached 210, 220, 230! When his speed reached 230 kilometers per hour, the consumption of his mind power increased drastically. It was because the air resistance had already begun to greatly consume his mind power.

From the direction indicated by Tri Ling Ding, the person asking for help had been moving in the direction of the gathering just now. This escapee was definitely a member of his group.

“Hang in there. You have to hang in there!” Xu Tui was a little anxious. It would be much better if the Vajra Barrier could become streamlined. The flying strength that Xu Tui could withstand would definitely be even greater.

In the hilly area of an unknown planet, Tao Guan ran quickly between the hills, panting like a bull. Occasionally, when he jumped up, he would shoot three times in a row. He would snipe the nearest pursuers to buy time to escape.

However, the pursuers were getting closer. From the initial 200 meters to the current 50 meters, he only had to stagger and he would be drowned.

Rescue?

He wanted to too! However, when he thought about the densely packed pursuers behind him, he felt a little despair.

The pursuers were mainly low-level Mechanical Spirits, but there were definitely more than 200 of them. They were also the kind that had an organizational command. They were not the Mechanical Spirits who acted instinctively during the Mars energy tide.

Unless all the members of the Worldly Special Force were gathered together, there was no way they could save him.

But he had just landed…

Tao Guan felt extremely unlucky. Why was he so unlucky? When he landed, he appeared not far behind the wave of aliens and immediately became their target. Unfortunately, he still wanted to expand his ambitions in the extra-terrestrial. He wanted to explore the universe, evolve into a superhuman, fly with his body in the future, and…

However, he might die here. He would become one of the less than 10% who died in battle.

“This f*cking luck…” Tao Guan smiled bitterly. He suddenly did not want to escape. Instead of escaping until he was exhausted and killed, he might as well use his last bit of strength to fight a bloody battle. He would kill as many as he could. It could be considered a contribution to the humans of the Blue Star.

Just as he was about to slow down, he suddenly heard a curse. “You idiot, why are you slowing down? Continue to accelerate and buy time!”

The voice made Tao Guan overjoyed. He instantly accelerated, but he was chased until he was within 30 meters. However, it did not matter. There was hope since there’s reinforcements. However, the moment Tao Guan looked into the distance and saw that there was only one person, he immediately smiled bitterly and despair. “Commander, you’re alone!”

“Yes, I’m fast!”

Tao Guan smiled bitterly again. “Commander, don’t come over. Hurry up and gather the others. There are at least 200 enemies, including high-level commanders. This planet should be the resource planet of the Spiritual Race or the Mechanical Spirit Race.”

At this point, Tao Guan saw that Xu Tui had not turned around. He suddenly roared angrily, “I told you not to come and die. Can’t you hear me?!”

As he roared, Tao Guan made a decision. Instead of dying cowardly and implicating his comrades, he might as well fight a few of them. He would risk his money to earn one! He instantly turned around and stopped in midair, shooting continuously like a rainbow.

“Idiot!” Xu Tui’s furious curses suddenly rang out in Tao Guan’s earpiece. “If you don’t listen to orders next time, get out of the Worldly Special Force!”

“There’s no next time!”

He shot out all the arrows in his quiver in one go and killed at least seven of them. Dozens of Mechanical Spirits had already jumped up. There was no time to condense energy arrows. Tao Guan held his longbow upside down and used it as a sword. He was about to fight hand-to-hand!

Bang!

Chi chi chi!

The small mountain with a faint shadow suddenly smashed down and landed in front of Tao Guan, protecting him.

The earth spikes began to shoot out of the ground at a high frequency. In an instant, it was as if there was an invisible wall of earth spikes in front of Tao Guan. The low-level Mechanical Spirits who rushed over were either pierced through by the spikes or had their energy cores destroyed.

Tao Guan was overjoyed. He knew that his regiment commander was very strong, but he did not expect him to be so strong.

“The humanoid commander of the Mechanical Spirit Race at the end.” As Tao Guan shouted, the sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out. It circled around and killed two of the five human-shaped commanders behind.

The other three suddenly stopped and stared at Xu Tui in shock.

At this moment, Xu Tui had killed another human-shaped commander. At the same time, more than a hundred low-level Mechanical Spirits had been killed. Almost instantly, the remaining two human-shaped commanders of the Mechanical Spirit Race sat on the flying Mechanical Spirit and fled.

Xu Tui was already a thousand meters away from them. It was impossible for them to escape. Xu Tui suddenly had an idea when he used the Mountain Formula to kill the other humanoid commander.

In an instant, a Spiritual Magnetic Marker hit the fleeing humanoid commander and allowed him to leave. At the same time, Xu Tui began to slaughter the fleeing low-level Mechanical Spirits. From time to time, he would place a few Spiritual Magnetic Markers on them to allow them to escape.

He even attached the Origin Crystal powder that had been marked with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker on a few of them just in case.@@novelbin@@