Chapter 762 - 762 Tricolored Ling Ding (2)

762 Tricolored Ling Ding (2)

The landing points were all over the solar system, but they were basically within the solar system.

Was there one on the sun?

He was not sure about that.

A test subject or condemned prisoner who was randomly sent to the sun would instantly turn to ashes. Without effective information feedback, humans could not be sure. However, ever since humans started the space invasion, there had never been a situation of a team being wiped out.

!!

Every year, around July, the random frequency channel of the quantum portal would become a random directional frequency channel. In the next two to three months, the random channel of the quantum portal would be sent to a certain planet.

This was the origin of the space invasion fighter jet.

It was also extremely important to the humans on the Blue Star.

…

The light in front of him disappeared. Xu Tui instantly entered a state of rapid descent. He did not open his parachute. The flying sword instantly circled up. His mind power materialized and he stepped into the air. He spread out his mind power and observed his surroundings.

For the time being, he did not find any suspicious targets.

Xu Tui slowly descended to a height of 50 meters above the ground. He calculated the time and released the regiment commander’s exclusive signal flare in the air. Then, as he waited, he began to sense the original quantum frequency of the mountains and water here.

After experiencing the different original quantum frequencies of the Blue Star, Moon, Mars, Phobos, and other celestial bodies, Xu Tui’s perception was extremely fast.

In less than 30 seconds, he sensed the original quantum frequency of the mountains and water here. In other words, Xu Tui had returned to his full combat state.

At the same time, signal flares lit up in the sky.

“Seven, eight…” Xu Tui, who was high in the sky, only saw eight signal flares explode in the sky. The one closest to him looked to be a few kilometers away. The furthest was probably nearly a hundred kilometers.

There were a total of 12 people in Xu Tui’s special force. However, Tian Suqing’s subordinate, Yue Qiang, would only use a spot. He would do his own thing after he landed. There was no need to gather. In reality, only 11 members needed to gather.

There were eight signal flares, including Xu Tui, it would be nine. And with Xu Tui’s height and his current vision, the furthest signal flare he could see is 150 kilometers. In other words, there are at least two people that are more than 150 kilometers away from Xu Tui.

On Blue Star and the moon, this distance was just a phone call away. But on this unknown planet, wanting to gather in the wild without constructing any temporary communication system is a difficult task.

After thinking about it, Xu Tui got out the lead alloy box from his bag and took out the Tricolored Ling Ju from it.

Right now, the Tricolored Ling Ju had already shrunk to the size of a thumb.

According to Principal Cai, this is a form of feebleness after Ling Ding splits its main body. Other than that, this also shows how the Tricolored Ling Ju is better than the single-colored Ling Ding as it could control its body size.

Of course, the prerequisite is that there is energy.

Xu Tui took out a precut 0.5 grams Origin Crystal, and put it on one of the sides of the Tricolored Ling Ju. Then, in just three seconds, this Origin Crystal became powder.

The origin energy inside was sucked dry by Ling Ding.

“Alright, Little Three, get up and work.”

“My name is Ling Ding.” Ling Ding inside the Tricolored Ling Ju said.

“That’s your main body.”

“But I’m not Little Three.”

“Mhm, Tricolored Ling Ding is also Little Three. Time to work.”

“Tri Ling Ding is fine too. You’re my master now, you’re my boss. I guess I can accept this name. But Boss, the amount of origin energy you gave is not enough. Not long after I use it, I will probably fall asleep again.” Tri Ling Ding was still bargaining.

Xu Tui was disgusted when Tri Ling Ding called him Boss. An old man who might be dozens of times older than Xu Tui calling Xu Tui Boss. Xu Tui would not believe it if he did not have any ill intentions. “Get to work!”

“Boss, I really don’t have enough energy!”

“Explode!” Without hesitation, Xu Tui detonated the mental mark in the Tricolored Ling Ju.

The Explosion Formula that Cai Shaochu had taught Xu Tui was activated.

The Explosion Formula was a series of energy explosions triggered by mind power. The more it exploded, the more energy it would extract from all directions. Then, it would explode again. It would only stop when there was no energy left in all directions.

In just an instant, the Tricolored Ling Ju that had just lit up dimmed and became silent. The consciousness of Tri Ling Ding fell into a state of hibernation.

Xu Tui knew how to train dogs. Xu Tui took advantage of the moment when Tri Ling Ding was hibernating because its energy had been depleted to leave a mental mark in its body. For safety reasons, Xu Tui had left three Explosion Formulas in the body of Tri Ling Ding. Furthermore, he could replenish them at any time.

Then, Xu Tui took out another 0.4 grams of Origin Crystal and placed them on the surface of Tri Ling Ding. In three seconds, the energy inside was completely absorbed. Tri Ling Ding lit up again. “Boss, can you not be so direct…”@@novelbin@@

“Let me ask you a question. With just 0.4 grams of Origin Crystals, can you work? If you can, do it. If not, go to sleep. Origin crystals are so expensive. I’m a poor student. I don’t even have enough to cultivate. I don’t have much to spend on you,” Xu Tui said directly.

Tri Ling Ding was still hesitating when Xu Tui once again detonated his mental mark. In an instant, the light in Tri Ling Ding’s body was instantly extinguished. It fell into a state of hibernation again because it had exhausted its energy.

“Don’t…” However, this time, Tri Ling Ding seemed to shout before all the energy in its body was detonated.

However, Xu Tui did not hear what he shouted clearly. It had to be said that the Explosion Formula taught by Principal Cai was really amazing at consuming the energy in Ling Ju’s body.

Every explosion was accurate. It would go into hibernation everytime he exploded it.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui took out another Origin Crystal and stuck it on. This time, he stuck a 0.3-gram Origin Crystal on it. The Origin Crystal turned into powder in three seconds.

The Ling Ju Lifeform, Tri Ling Ding, woke up from its hibernation again. This time, without waiting for Xu Tui to ask, the voice of Tri Ling Ding rang out anxiously. “I’ll do it. I’ll definitely do it. Don’t explode again!” Its voice was filled with resentment.

Xu Tui was too straightforward. He did not give it any chance to hide or bargain. This was great. Previously, it could still hide some. Now, it has decreased to 0.3 grams. It should not have bargained.

“Have you thought it through?”

“Yes!”

“If you’ve thought it through, then get to work. I just said that if you don’t cooperate after three times, I’ll throw you into this shield box and bring you back for him to deal with.”

Xu Tui mentioned Cai Shaochu in front of Tri Ling Ding. This was a form of deterrence and vigilance. Of course, even without mentioning it, this old fox knew. After all, Cai Shaochu was the one who split the consciousness previously.

“Boss, I’ve already marked the approximate location of my low-level colonies.” As Tri Ling Ding spoke, dense spots of light lit up on its small surface. Judging from the number, there were probably hundreds of them.