Chapter 769 - 769 Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Card (1)

769 Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Card (1)

“Do you want to add my contact information too?” The faint smile on Xu Tui’s face suddenly became bright when he sensed the hostility and killing intent transmitted by the passive resonance of his mind.

“Of course we have to. We’re definitely going to be friends with a person like you!” Trich became even happier when he saw Xu Tui’s bright smile.

This was because the happier the target was at this moment, the more it meant that the target was not on guard. Under a surprise attack, they would be able to kill the commander of the Worldly Special Force without using their strength.

This was one of the secret missions given to some of the backbone of the Freedom Special Forces by the consultant before they came.

!!

Of course, there would be rewards for any secret mission. Moreover, the rewards were not small.

“Alright, I’ll read it then. You guys can memorize it manually. My contact information is…”

“Okay!”

As Trich dealt with Xu Tui, he gestured toward the others with the same combat gestures that the two special forces shared. The others immediately understood what Trich meant. While he was pretending to record Xu Tui’s contact information, he smiled and leaned toward Xu Tui.@@novelbin@@

The three of them surrounded him.

At the same time, even though the expressions of the four people that Xu Tui had saved previously were not very comfortable, they began to make a reasonable tactical position under the command of Trich’s gestures.

Only Ark was still dawdling on the spot, still struggling in his heart.

The anticipation in Trich’s eyes became stronger. A hint of joy appeared. Under such a close-range encirclement and without the target being on guard, the seven of them would launch a surprise attack at the same time. Even a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert would be killed on the spot.

The smile on Xu Tui’s face became wider. “What a pity…”

The moment Xu Tui sighed, a dense sound of air being torn apart rang out at the same time. At the same time, a scream rang out. The seven earth spikes rose from the ground without any warning. They happened to be between the feet of the seven of them.

Puff! Puff!

There was the sound of flesh being pierced through.

Trich’s expression instantly became extremely terrified. With an extremely soft cracking sound, an extremely thick earth-yellow light screen appeared and enveloped Trich’s entire body.

The earth spike attack failed.

While Ark was in shock, flames surged from the bottom of his feet. He instantly soared into the air and avoided the Earth Spike.

The other five people were all pierced by Xu Tui. They were pierced on the spot. Some of them died tragically on the spot. Those who did not die on the spot were actually in an even worse state.

Bang!

The Mountain Formula blasted down at the same time.

Ark, who had just risen into the air, was smashed to the ground. Two more earth spikes rose like two huge nails and nailed Ark to the ground. The ground under Xu Tui’s feet suddenly turned into quicksand. The moment Xu Tui stepped into the air, Trich had already launched a series of attacks at Xu Tui.

All kinds of earth-element superpowers poured toward Xu Tui like crazy. He had been exposed. There was no point in thinking about how to expose himself at this moment. He would just do it!

The winner would live, and the loser would die!

The Vajra Barrier had already been raised. He pulled out the Mental Vibrating Whip and whipped away most of Trich’s attacks. At the same time, the Mountain Formula and the Stab Formula were launched in a series of attacks.

However, something strange happened. The khaki-colored egg screen that protected Trich did not move.

The sharp whistle of the flying sword rang out. The silver light collided fiercely with the earthen-yellow egg screen. A circle of ripples appeared on the earthen-yellow egg screen, but it did not shatter.

Seeing this, Trich, who was originally a little worried, suddenly laughed wildly. “You still want to break the life-saving equipment made by a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse? Dream on!”

Xu Tui understood now. It was also the reason why he could still survive his surprise attack. He should have a relative who was a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse who had specially made him a powerful life-saving genetic armament.

The slight cracking sound just now was the sound of the life-saving equipment being activated. It should be a one-time consumable.

This was also one of the greatest reliance of those genetic nouveau riches. Every piece of life-saving equipment made by a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse or a planetary-level powerhouse was priceless on the market.

However, they could squander it at will.

“You’re dead meat for consuming one of my life-saving Origin Crystal cards!” Trich roared as he attacked Xu Tui crazily.

Of course, this was not the only life-saving equipment that his biological uncle had made for him. There were defensive and offensive equipment. However, at this moment, Trich was a little hesitant. Wasn’t it a waste to use an offensive Origin Crystal ability card made by a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse?

Trich was a person who knew the severity of the situation. He had already prepared the offensive Origin Crystal Ability Card. Once he could not take Xu Tui down with a normal attack, he would use the Origin Crystal Card that was personally made by a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse to kill Xu Tui at all costs.

Xu Tui frowned slightly. The earthen-yellow egg screen on Trich’s body gave him a headache. It was not that it could not be broken.

It could be broken.

This was only an ability seal card created by a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse through a large piece of Origin Crystal. Simply put, it was just a passive technique.

The energy inside was limited.

Xu Tui could clearly sense with his mental perception that the continuous attacks just now had consumed 5% of the energy of the earthen-yellow egg screen. If he did it dozens of times more, he would be able to break through Trich’s egg screen.

However, this was too strenuous. And it was too long.