Chapter 767 - 767 Passive Resonance—Killing Intent (2)

767 Passive Resonance—Killing Intent (2)

Hearing this, Luo Murong held his golden saber and turned his head to the side, indicating that he was convinced.

The basic parameters of the foot-jet thrusters were the same. Most people’s speed was between 100 to 150 kilometers per hour, mainly because of their weight. (Because it involved nuclear fusion super-microscopic reactors and the strength level of the students participating in actual combat on Mars, Mars was not worthy of using such foot-jet thrusters during actual combat.)

This speed referred to a normal oblique flying posture. However, if one could change their flying posture, they would become different like Xu Tui. However, most people did not dare or could not transform into a bird-like flying posture. They did not have that ability.

Yes, many people did not dare to. If he did not control it well, it would not be flying, but flying suicide.

Yang Huai was deeply moved by this point. He really could not keep up.

As he spoke, Xu Tui took out three more Origin Crystal powders from the Spiritual Magnetic Marker and handed them to Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Cui Xi. “If you encounter danger, let them bombard you with their mind power according to the level of danger. I’ll know that you’re in danger. In addition, Murong, Yan Lie, if you have any differences during the march, discuss it with Cui Xi.”

Luo Murong and Yan Lie were the current vice-commanders of the Worldly Special Force. They were usually in charge when Xu Tui was not around. However, Xu Tui preferred Cui Xi to be the commander. Cui Xi was more capable than Luo Murong and Yan Lie in this aspect. However, Cui Xi was not strong enough and could not convince the public yet.

Five minutes later, everyone looked envious as they watched Xu Tui fly away on the jet thrusters like a bird. There were not many people who could do that. Bird-style flying was much faster than semi-standard flying.

During the flight, Xu Tui would look at the change in the location of the green dot marked by Tri Ling Ding every ten minutes. He wanted to find a basic rangefinder. However, the actual display was too short and the distance was too long. The basic range could only be a general reference. It was not accurate.

As he flew, Xu Tui realized that this unknown planet was really similar to the Blue Star.

Xu Tui even discovered a pool of surface water. He quickly took samples and waited for the equipment to test it in a few days. Based on the data that could be detected immediately, temperature, humidity, wind speed, and oxygen were basically within the limits of what a human could withstand.

If the subsequent research was suitable and could eliminate the threat of alien invaders, humans might be able to add an immigrant planet decades later.

According to the trajectory of Zhao Hailong’s green dot marked by Tri Ling Ding, Zhao Hailong did not go in the opposite direction from Xu Tui and the others. However, he did not head in the same direction. He deviated from his path to a certain extent.

Xu Tui estimated that he would be able to reach the location where Zhao Hailong could see the trajectory beacon in an hour and a half to two hours. He would be able to meet up with Zhao Hailong in three hours.

They would be able to reunite with Cui Xi and the others in five hours at most.

After flying for more than an hour, Xu Tui became more and more familiar with the bird-like flying technique that he had developed with his mind power in the training ground. The consumption of his mind power also decreased.

Suddenly, a red ballistic beacon exploded about 30 kilometers ahead of the flight. The glaring red ballistic beacon did not dissipate for a long time.

Someone was asking for help again? Did they encounter another alien invader?

Xu Tui hesitated for only a second before he suddenly adjusted the direction of his flight and flew in the direction of the distress signal. The first rule of space invasion was that you had to check when you saw your comrade’s distress signal.

The definition that the Blue Star Genetic Committee had for comrades is that all those who participated in the space invasion were comrades.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui could already see the battlefield.

It was another Mechanical Spirit army. More than 200 low-level Mechanical Spirits were chasing after four Blue Star humans under the command of four high-level human-shaped Mechanical Spirits.

This discovery made Xu Tui frown.@@novelbin@@

In just a few hundred kilometers, they had encountered two mechanical spirits with orders. This was most likely a patrol team of alien invaders.

The first reaction when they discovered the Blue Star humans was to chase after them. That meant that the alien invaders here had already discovered the tracks of the Blue Star humans. This Mechanical Spirit patrol team might have been sent by them to kill or investigate.

The losses and difficulty of this space invasion might be much greater than he had imagined.

Xu Tui did not think too much about saving them first. He approached quickly. The sound of air being torn apart rang out. The four Blue Star humans who were retreating while fighting suddenly had a surge of fighting spirit. It was great that someone had come to their rescue.

These low-level Mechanical Spirits mainly relied on numbers. Once the number of elites on the Blue Star reached a certain level, they could counterattack.

Judging from their appearance and characteristics, these four people should be special forces from the European Sector or the American Sector.

Xu Tui hesitated the moment he attacked. However, Xu Tui did not hesitate when he saw the low-level Mechanical Spirits charging toward him like a tidal wave.

On the Blue Star and the Moon, the internal battles of the six major alliances originated from different positions. It could even be said that they were of different races.

However, in the space invasion, the Blue Star humans were a race. The alien invaders were another race!

The flying sword instantly flashed out and killed four long-range cannons. Then, the Mountain Formula smashed down and killed the dozen or so low-level Mechanical Spirits who were chasing after them. The pressure on the four people who were being chased instantly decreased greatly.