Chapter 768 - 768 Passive Resonance—Killing Intent (3)

768 Passive Resonance—Killing Intent (3)

The four of them reacted extremely quickly. They took this opportunity to counterattack. Three of them returned to the top and established a defensive line, buying a short and precious time for the fire-type supernatural being behind them.

A second later, the flames continued to pour out. Low-level Mechanical Spirits were continuously killed. Coupled with Xu Tui’s flying sword, the high-level human-shaped Mechanical Spirits immediately retreated in three minutes.

With a thought, Xu Tui placed a Spiritual Magnetic Marker on one of the high-level human-shaped Mechanical Spirits.

“Thank you for saving us! I’m Ark from the American Sector’s Superman Special Force. Thank you very much!”@@novelbin@@

!!

Even if he did not introduce himself, Xu Tui could recognize him from the clothing logo. Xu Tui nodded. He greeted them and prepared to leave. It was just morality to come and save him when he saw the distress signal.

“Are you still searching for your members? Do you want to stay with us for the time being and wait for the signal to gather or for the temporary signal tower to be completed?” Ark took the initiative to extend an invitation to Xu Tui.

Suddenly, Ark exclaimed, “You are… I remember now. Xu Tui, the commander of the Huaxia Worldly Special Force! Expert, you’re indeed an expert!”

Amidst their surprise, Ark and the others once again thanked Xu Tui warmly. However, Xu Tui clearly rejected Ark’s request to accompany him. He had something on.

“It would be a pity if we can’t go together. However, Xu, you have to be very careful when you search for companions alone. There might be many alien invaders on this planet,” Ark reminded Xu Tui with concern.

Just as Xu Tui was about to leave, the roar of a jet thruster suddenly sounded in the distance. Three figures quickly approached him. On this unknown planet, those who could use jet thrusters were definitely humans from the Blue Star.

These three people should have come to save Ark and the other three. Far away, the three of them assumed an attacking stance. They thought that the danger had not been resolved. As Ark shouted, the three of them quickly approached.

“They’re from the Apollo Special Force in the American Sector. Xu, do you want me to introduce them to you? They’ll definitely be very happy to meet an expert like you,” Ark said.

“There’s no need. I’m leaving.” Xu Tui firmly refused.

The three of them were extremely fast. As they spoke, they had already arrived and landed. Ark quickly went forward to thank them. Although the enemy had been killed and dispersed, he had to be grateful for the rescue.

“Thank you for saving us. The Apollo Special Forces and the Superman Special Forces will remember your friendship. I am the captain of the first special forces of the Apollo Special Forces, Trich. It is a pleasure to meet you.”

It was obvious that Trich had a high status. Even the fire-type supernatural being, Ark, who he had just saved, was more respectful to him.

“Xu Tui from the Worldly Special Force!” Xu Tui introduced himself and said with a smile, “I have something on, so I’ll take my leave first.”

Suddenly, Trich’s gaze shifted. “Wait, you’re the famous commander of the Worldly Special Force, Xu Tui? Xu Tui, the Dragon of Huaxia?”

“Not really.” Xu Tui smiled.

Trich smiled. “Our commander, Danrick, and our vice-commander, Witt, have a very good rating for you. They said that even if the two of them were not injured that day and did not expend much strength, it would probably be a little difficult to take you down.

“They said that you are very powerful.”

“I was just lucky.” Xu Tui was very humble. “I still have to look for my companions. I’ll take my leave first.”

“Alright, thank you for your courage!” Trich thanked him again. Suddenly, a strange light flashed in his eyes. He shouted at Ark and the others, “Don’t the four of you even want the contact information of your savior? Let’s not talk about repaying him. When we return to the Moon, shouldn’t the four of you treat him to a drink?”

As soon as he said that, Ark and the others seemed to have woken up from a dream. They quickly surrounded Xu Tui and asked for his contact information.

Trich smiled as he watched the scene. However, he quickly contacted his companions through the small-scale wireless communication group that came with his communication device.

Xu Tui felt that it was difficult to refuse Ark’s kindness. It was just a contact number. It was nothing. However, there was no signal here. In the past, he could just touch the right. Now, he had to enter it manually. It was a little troublesome.

Ark and the other three went forward one by one and asked Xu Tui for his contact information. As they asked for it, they even said that they would treat Xu Tui to a drink when they returned. They even joked around.

They wanted to introduce Xu Tui to the girls in the American Sector. All of them had long legs and fair skin. They all had three advantages like big chests.

The few of them quickly got closer to each other.

However, Xu Tui did not notice that the expressions of the other two people who had just added his contact details had become stiff.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s gaze suddenly changed.

Hostility!

The spiritual resonance gave him a faint sense of hostility and killing intent. Xu Tui had been in a state of spiritual resonance during the previous battle for the sake of possible communication with Tri Ling Ding.

At this moment, the passive resonance of the spiritual resonance actually gave Xu Tui hostility and killing intent. Moreover, the number of individuals with hostility and killing intent was rapidly increasing.

Among them, Trich had the strongest hostility and killing intent. The three members of the Superman Special Force who had just added Xu Tui’s contact details had the least hostility and killing intent. They even swayed a little. The expressions of the four people, including Ark, suddenly became strange.

This situation was very strange. From the beginning, Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance had been activated. Neither Ark nor Trich had any hostility or killing intent when they first met.

Why did they suddenly become hostile and murderous? His identity? Xu Tui instantly remembered that this change was caused by Trich after he found out that he was the commander of the Worldly Special Force, Xu Tui.

Could it be?

Just as Xu Tui was feeling puzzled, Trich suddenly smiled and said, “We have to add a contact number for a person like Commander Xu.

“After we return to the Moon, we have to drink the strongest wine and flirt with the most beautiful woman!” As they spoke, Trich and the other two took the initiative to surround Xu Tui.

However, in Xu Tui’s passive perception of his Spiritual Resonance, his hostility and killing intent had reached its peak.