Chapter 772 - 772 Strategy And Abnormal Fluctuations (2)

772 Strategy and Abnormal Fluctuations (2)

Xu Tui could counterattack and plunder. If there were five to six waves, Xu Tui would be able to solve a portion of his current shortage of cultivation Origin Crystals.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui did not even see the other members of the special forces when he met up with Zhao Hailong.

Based on some basic judgments, this unknown planet might be much larger than the Blue Star. There were only three to four thousand people in the space invasion team this time, including the participants from the six major alliances. Putting them onto this huge unknown planet was no different from throwing a rock into the sea.

Therefore, Zhao Hailong was exceptionally surprised when he saw Xu Tui. He had thought that he would only be able to contact Xu Tui and the others after the special force set up a temporary communication tower in four to five days. He did not expect Xu Tui to find him less than four hours after he landed.

“I have a small mind power technique that can vaguely sense your direction.”

Xu Tui did not explain much to Zhao Hailong. Of course, it was not that he did not trust Zhao Hailong, but there was no need.

In reality, Xu Tui’s Spiritual Magnetic Marker could also be infinitely condensed. In Xu Tui’s current state, he could only maintain his perception of 20 Spiritual Magnetic Markers outside the range of his mental perception.

As a member who had participated in a space invasion once, Zhao Hailong was very experienced in the use of the jet thrusters. His custom-made combat uniform had a wing design similar to that of a bird. Coupled with a very small speed parachute, it would have a certain level of safety when flying at high speeds.

Under such circumstances, Zhao Hailong’s jet thrusters could maintain a speed of 180 to 200 kilometers. He could barely catch up to Xu Tui, but he was not that agile.

The greatest advantage of flying at a low altitude was a straight line. It was much faster than traveling on the surface.

Two and a half hours later, Xu Tui brought Zhao Hailong and met up with Cui Xi, Yan Lie, and the others.

Cheers erupted the moment they met up. This was especially so for Yang Huai and Zhao Hailong, who had participated in a space invasion once. They were even more shocked. Six to seven hours after landing, the entire team was successfully gathered. This was a record that had never been recorded in previous space invasions.

In the past 30-odd space invasions, the fastest record for a single special force was two and a half days. The fastest record for an independent special force with about ten people in a single special force was 39 hours, a day and a half!

No one would believe that the entire team had gathered in six and a half hours! After everyone gathered, they would face the next strategic choice.

Xu Tui was very democratic when it came to choosing a strategy that was not urgent. There were not many people in the Worldly Special Force, so they held a meeting.

The opinions were basically unanimous. Before the temporary communication tower of the special force was established to form a communication, all the members would act in unison to explore the minerals and collect the various automated machines that the Blue Star Genetic Committee had sent over through the quantum random frequency channel.

There were more than 3,000 participants, and there were also many elites at the Genetic Evolution Realm. Under normal circumstances, based on the speed of passing through an elite at the Genetic Evolution Realm every two hours, it would take at least half a month to teleport.

That would be too dangerous.

Therefore, in a space invasion, a large amount of energy was injected and all the people were teleported in a day through overload. Due to the overload of teleportation, for the next month, the moon’s quantum random frequency transmission channel would not be able to transport anyone or anything with an energy aura.

However, technological creations could be transmitted normally.

In the next 29 days, the fully automatic robots and various supplies for the various mines would be constantly sent over. Due to the fact that the landing point could not be directed, the landing point was completely random.

Therefore, the various special forces needed to spend a large amount of manpower to collect them.

Otherwise, it would be useless without machines when they found the mine. Why, are they going to dig with both hands?

Therefore, the strategic opinions of Cui Xi, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Yang Huai, and the others were completely correct.

The only person who had a different idea was Xu Tui, the regiment commander.

“I completely agree with your strategic opinion, but I want to add one more condition.” Xu Tui pointed toward the simple map that he had drawn as he explored. “We have to explore in this direction the next day.”

“No problem. You’re the commander. Your strategic proposal has priority. But we want to know the reason.” Zhao Hailong asked.

During non-war times, the Worldly Special Force was still very democratic. During wartime, no one was allowed to question them. This was the first rule of the Worldly Special Force.

“When I saved Tao Guan, a high-level human-shaped mechanical spirit commander escaped. I deliberately let it escape. However, when it escaped, I left a mental mark on it that could roughly sense the direction. This mark was fixed within this range two hours ago,” Xu Tui said.

“Are you saying that the aliens are at their base on this planet?” Cui Xi immediately realized the key.@@novelbin@@

The other members who reacted quickly gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up. This move was too prescient. Previously, they had speculated that this might be a resource planet for alien invaders. In that case, the alien base might be a resource extraction point or even a resource reserve point.