Chapter 773 - 773 Strategy And Abnormal Fluctuations (3)

773 Strategy and Abnormal Fluctuations (3)

If he could snatch it, he would not have to worry about the gains of the Worldly Special Force. It was definitely guaranteed! He might even gain something unexpected.

“Did you rule out the possibility of the death of this advanced Mechanical Spirit?” Luo Murong interrupted.

“Basically, it has been eliminated. In my senses, the mental mark carried by this high-level human-shaped mechanical spirit has been fixed in this area for the past two hours, but it is constantly moving in a small area. However, it’s quite far away. My senses are very blurry,” Xu Tui said.

“I have no more questions,” Luo Murong said.

!!

“I have no questions either.” Yan Lie and the other members also expressed their stance on the spot. Zhao Hailong also nodded. In the end, only Yang Huai raised a question.

“What about a risk assessment? After all, we only have 11 people in the Worldly Special Force.” The word ‘we’ from Yang Huai made Xu Tui feel very comfortable.

Although they were new, at least they sounded like they were a team.@@novelbin@@

“This requires close reconnaissance. There are definitely risks. However, as long as it’s not the main base of the alien invaders in this planet, it should be within the range of what we can deal with. Of course, we have to do the reconnaissance first,” Xu Tui said.

“I have no more questions,” Yang Huai said.

“Alright, since there are no questions, I don’t want to hear any doubts during the subsequent execution, especially in the strategic direction.”

Xu Tui had his own thoughts. They could ask any question before he made a decision. However, once he made a decision, they were not allowed to question it when it came to implementation.

“The plan for tomorrow…”

“Warning, Xu Tui. Detected that the surrounding temperature has begun to decrease rapidly. Warning, the temperature has begun to decrease rapidly!” Ah Huang’s voice suddenly sounded.

Huh? The temperature suddenly dropped from 19 degrees to 9 degrees. Xu Tui looked up at the sky. The sun in the sky was quickly setting.

“It’s going to cool down. Prepare to find a safe camp for the night and collect all kinds of information at night,” Xu Tui ordered.

The others agreed with a smile and began to move. The night on an unknown planet was actually the most terrifying. However, in less than a minute, everyone’s expressions changed. The real-time temperature had changed from 19 degrees above zero to 7 degrees below zero in five minutes. It was still falling.

“Quick, test the direction of the wind and find a temporary camp!” Xu Tui roared and soared into the air. He looked down from the sky.

Fifteen minutes later, in a low-lying lee, Xu Tui looked at the 11 individual camping tents that had just been set up. He listened to the sound of the growing wind and looked at the real-time temperature. He shook his head again.

“The sky has just turned dark, but it’s already negative 24 degrees. I don’t know how long the night will last, but the temperature will definitely be lower. Gather all the individual tents and build a temporary shelter. No one is allowed to take off their combat uniforms.”

It was more troublesome to build a temporary shelter, but once it was built, it could withstand a Level 10 wind and a low temperature of minus 60 degrees. Half an hour later, the temporary shelter was completed. The real-time temperature outside was already minus 42 degrees.

However, everyone felt relieved after they entered the temporary shelter. As the first batch of night duty personnel, Yan Lie and Yan Xuejin walked onto the night duty seats. The others naturally began to rest and relax.

The day was actually quite tiring. Now that they had relaxed, they were sprawled out.

Xu Tui slowly chewed on an extremely dry piece of compressed military grain. He drank two mouthfuls of water and found a corner. He sat cross-legged there and began his daily homework.

Cultivating energy field power! While he was cultivating his energy field, Xu Tui slowly extended his mental perception and became an auxiliary guard. He had to be extremely careful on the first night on an unknown planet.

Xu Tui, who was observing the situation outside, did not notice that the expressions of the members under him had changed when they saw their regiment commander start cultivating immediately.

Indeed, geniuses worked hard! Xu Tui was already so strong. In a complicated area like an unknown planet, he would train whenever he had free and safe time. It was hard not to be strong with this determination.

Previously, they felt that they had worked hard enough. However, when they looked at Xu Tui, they felt that they were a little inferior.

Under Xu Tui’s silent influence, the members who had been lying on their backs just now, other than the two people on guard, began to cultivate with Xu Tui.

Yan Lie and Yan Xuejin, who were on guard, felt an indescribable pressure. When they were off duty, they would have to make up for their cultivation.

However, just as the others were training hard with Xu Tui, Xu Tui, who was training, suddenly frowned. There seemed to be a different fluctuation in the wind outside the temporary shelter.

This was the feedback that Xu Tui got from releasing his mental perception.