Chapter 779 - 779 Indestructible Energy Protection Barrier

779 Indestructible Energy Protection Barrier

Even with Xu Tui’s composure, he was still shocked when he suddenly saw a large number of humans appear in the energy protection shield of the alien invader base. If it was a little stronger, the connection between Xu Tui’s mind power and the Origin Crystal Powder would be severed.

There were about a hundred of them, both men and women. However, this was only what Xu Tui saw within the radius of his Heart Sword Heart Eye.

The range of the Heart Sword Heart Eye was only 20 meters around the object. He could not see the panoramic view.

Xu Tui composed himself and suppressed the horror in his heart. He began to carefully control the Origin Crystal Powder to observe the surroundings. He was not in a hurry to infiltrate.

Although the monorail mining cart had entered, as long as there was a mine car coming in and out, it meant that there would definitely be another trip. There was still a chance.

The more he observed, the more horrified he became.

Xu Tui controlled the Origin Crystal Powder to spin around. Due to the limited vision, there might be repeated statistics. However, this estimated total still shocked Xu Tui.

More than a thousand people!

There were more than a thousand people in the living area of this alien invader base.

Xu Tui’s first reaction was that it was the Spiritual Race. After all, other than their size and slightly larger heads, the Spiritual Race was not much different from the Blue Star humans.

Was this alien invader base a colonial base of the Spiritual Race or something else? If that was the case, then this unknown planet might be very important to the alien invaders. Of course, that meant that the gains from this space invasion would be very high.

However, at the same time, high returns represented high risk.

Once the situation of the Blue Star humans was reported, which it was very likely that it had already been reported, the pressure and risk of the special forces participating in this battle would also increase exponentially.

It was possible that the reinforcements of the alien invaders were already on their way.

Xu Tui carefully observed the 1,000 people for about 10 minutes with his Heart Sword Heart Eye. He was a little confused.

These thousands of people seemed to be on the lookout? Or did it look like they were exercising together?

Yes, it looked like they were exercising. It was very similar to the 17th set of broadcast gymnastics that Xu Tui had done when he was in elementary school. They stood in a line, but the distance between them was relatively large. Their movements were the same.

It was a little like a collective cultivation.

From the looks of it, there were old people, middle-aged people, and young people. The youngest was only 11 or 12 years old. The ratio of men to women was about the same.

Although the clothes they wore were of different colors, if one observed carefully, they were actually gathered in a few different styles.

Were these people conducting routine training?

No weapons were found. He discovered more than a dozen Mechanical Spirit guards watching this scene from the edge.

“Height…” Xu Tui observed carefully. The doubts in his heart grew. These 1,000 people did not look like Spirits at all. That was because most of them were less than two meters tall.

In the Blue Star’s combat intelligence, none of the Spirits was less than two meters tall. Yanzi that Xu Tui had encountered on Mars was more than two meters tall.

Of course, the Spirits that the Blue Star encountered were all warriors of the Spirits. It was very likely that civilians of the Spirits were below two meters.

So the problem came.

Were the thousands of people in the alien invader base the Spiritual Race or the Human Race?

Based on his basic judgment, Xu Tui still believed that this was a Spirit. On the intergalactic battlefield, the Blue Star humans had records of being captured alive, but there were no such large-scale captives.

It was impossible even after accumulation.

About half an hour later, there was a whistle. These people who were going through their routine training dispersed and gathered in pairs. They had relaxed and happy expressions. They did not look like captives at all. They looked more like Spirits.

An hour later, with another whistle, the thousands of people returned to their rooms from the empty space in the energy protection shield.

The dozen or so Mechanical Spirit guards only watched this scene and did not move.

This scene shocked Xu Tui.

Something was wrong! This was definitely abnormal!

In the species system of the alien invaders, the Mechanical Spirit Clan, the Fission Clan, and the Dissimilate Clan were in a subservient position. The Spirit Clan had a dominant status.

The Mechanical Spirits here were more like supervisors. They did not show any respect.

“Could this be a prison for the Spiritual Race?” Xu Tui had another thought.

It was also at this moment that the monorail trembled slightly again. Xu Tui quickly controlled the Origin Crystal Powder to prepare. A minute later, Xu Tui successfully attached himself to the mine car and rushed into the energy protection shield.

The mining cart was brought straight into a refinery that did not occupy a large area. More than ten tons of ores were poured in. In more than ten minutes, various metal ingots of different colors were spat out from the other end.

This efficiency made Xu Tui gasp.@@novelbin@@

The energy input was unknown, but this speed and this metal classification technology were definitely unknown to humans. Even after hundreds of years of technological advancement in the Great Genetic Age, humans still needed to take more than ten steps to process the ores.

Most importantly, they needed to use various consumables, such as water and chemical separation products. The huge machine in front of him swallowed ore and spat out refined metal ingots.

It was too powerful.

If he could obtain it, the mining technology of the Blue Star humans might be able to take a huge leap.

After observing the refinement workshop for a while, Xu Tui controlled the Heart Sword Heart Eye and left. He had more important things to do.

However, Xu Tui discovered another layer of energy protection between the refinement workshop and the living area of the alien invaders.

He could not enter!

There were no gaps. Even the Origin Crystal Powder could not enter. Clearly, this energy protective shield was not something that Xu Tui and the others could break in a short period of time.

As long as they could not break through the energy shield, Xu Tui and the others would be live targets for the alien invaders.

The long-range attacks of the Mechanical Spirit Race were not fake. Moreover, since there was a base here, there must be an energy generator. Just like the nuclear fusion reactors of the Blue Star humans, energy generators for the alien invaders would only be stronger.

Therefore, it was extremely difficult to break through the energy protective barrier of this base with one’s strength.

Of course, Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm powerhouses were different.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui left a trace of his mind power to control the Origin Crystal Powder as he gathered his teammates for a discussion.

“There’s an alien invasion base inside. From now on, everyone, turn on the anti-reconnaissance mode of your combat uniform. Be careful not to be detected by the enemy.”

...

Anti-reconnaissance mode could isolate many kinds of reconnaissance methods at a certain distance, such as thermal imaging, energy reaction, particle waves, and so on. The premise was that they were at a certain distance. It was useless if the distance was too close.

He did not know the technology level of the Spiritual Race, but the technology level of the Blue Star humans was at least two levels lower than that of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Xu Tui explained the situation to his teammates.

This was especially so for his discovery. It shocked the members. Of course, most people thought that the person inside was a member of the Spiritual Race. This might be a place of exile or a prison for the Spiritual Race.

“The exact number of combat units is unknown, but based on the size of the base, there shouldn’t be many of them. Personally, I feel that if we exclude the factors of the energy protection shield, the enemies inside should be within our range of dealing with. However, under normal circumstances, we would not be able to break through the energy protection shield,” Xu Tui said.

“Mining carts. Commander, you just said that there are mining carts coming and going. We can…”

“I’ve already observed through my mind power that there’s an energy protective barrier between the mining area and living area,” Xu Tui said.

“In that case, there are only two possibilities. One of them came out, or someone inside turned off the energy protection shield,” Zhao Hailong said.

“It’s difficult!” Yang Huai shook his head. “The Energy Protection Barrier is very sensitive. It can be closed in an instant without an access card or someone activating it. Even if one of them comes out, we won’t be able to enter.”

“Commander, if we can confirm that they entered and left the energy protection shield through the pass and not controlled by someone, we can actually release a bait,” Mu Xingluan said.

Xu Tui could not help but look at Mu Xingluan. This wood-type supernatural being from the Caiyun Prefecture Genetic Evolution College had a sharp mind. Xu Tui had just thought of this when she said it. Her breasts were not big, but she definitely had brains!

...

“Bait, let me do it.” Cui Xi took the initiative to step forward. In terms of defense, he was the first to take on an attack.

“I need to confirm if there are any pass cards for the energy protection shield. Otherwise, it’s useless to release bait. Next, I’ll leave it to Cui Xi to command. I want to personally approach the alien invader base to investigate. Cui Xi, bring everyone to this position. You can only get five kilometers closer to the base at most. Then, wait for my news.

“I’ll go scout first,” Xu Tui said.

At the side, Yan Lie had a faint expression. “Commander, do you want to bring me along?”

“No, there can’t be too many people. I alone am enough. Even if I am discovered by the alien invaders, I can quickly evacuate.” After saying that, Xu Tui quickly left.

This time, he was on foot.

Xu Tui already had an idea how to judge the situation. First, he carefully sensed the mining cart with his mind again to see how the mining cart entered and left and if there was a pass for the energy protection shield. Secondly, he had to carefully observe it with his mental perception.

This was a delicate job. However, no matter how detailed it was, they had to complete the final reconnaissance before night fell. They had to build a temporary shelter before dark. It was estimated that there were still six to nine hours before dark.

Yan Lie had a faint expression as he watched Xu Tui leave. He was the scout. Why did he feel like he was about to lose his job?

…

In a mechanical hall on the top floor of the alien invasion base, a human-shaped mechanical spirit was communicating remotely. “Lord Lei Tian, today, the various bases reported to each other that they had discovered the Blue Star humans dozens of times. There have been more than 20 battles. Based on the current data, the quality of the Blue Star humans’ invasion this time is very strong. I’m afraid we can’t destroy them alone!”

“Yinji, the forward base is already organizing reinforcements. The reinforcements are expected to arrive within two to three days. Be careful with your defenses. With the current quantum teleportation level of the Blue Star, there’s no possibility of breaking through the defense of the base.”

“Understood!”