Chapter 770 - 770 Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Card (2)

770 Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Card (2)

God knew if there were any more members of the Apollo and Freedom Special Forces rushing over. It would have been fine if there were not many people.

It would be troublesome if there were too many people. Or perhaps, Xu Tui had reason to believe that Trich might have an offensive Origin Crystal ability card personally made by a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse.

If this dragged on, it would be hard to say if this fellow would use it.

Xu Tui estimated that his Vajra Barrier would definitely not be able to withstand it. At that time, he might have to waste a life-saving card given by Principal Cai to accept it. That would be a waste.

It was not worth it!

However, how could he win in a short period of time? He could only use that killing move. Everyone here was about to die. He probably won’t be exposed!

The mental hammer smashed down.

Trich was an earth-element superb individual, so he naturally sensed the powerful mind power fluctuations. However, he did not mind at all. How could the Origin Crystal ability seal card made by a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse be bad?

He could definitely block it! Even if it was a mental attack!

That’s right. Previously, after receiving the special mission, the backbone of the Apollo Special Force had analyzed and organized the relevant abilities of one of the targets, Xu Tui. It was no secret that Xu Tui had a mental whip that could directly attack the mind.

There was no need to worry about his defense. Trich was filled with confidence as he prepared to take down Xu Tui with a powerful attack.

The Dragon of Huaxia that had defeated Commander Danrick and Vice Commander Witt was only so-so. His attacks were just a little sharper.

After blocking his attack, it was very ordinary.

Trich was already calculating. After killing Xu Tui, he would definitely be able to show off his head in front of the regiment commander. However, just as Trich was attacking Xu Tui with all his might, a strange look suddenly appeared in his eyes.

The mental fluctuation that was aimed at his head suddenly disappeared!

There was no attack!

Strange!

However, at the same time, a powerful mind power fluctuation exploded at the back of his head. This mental fluctuation was within his earth-yellow defensive egg screen!

Trich looked terrified!

How did Xu Tui do it? However, he no longer had the chance to think. The mental hammer slammed into the back of Trich’s head.

Quantum entangled state energy teleportation!

Blood spurted out of Trich’s seven orifices and he fainted on the spot. Even with An Xiaoxue’s mind power, she would be knocked out by the mental hammer. This was before Xu Tui’s mental whip had been completely strengthened into a Level 2 genetic ability chain.

Currently, Xu Tui’s mental whip has already been completely strengthened into a Level 2 genetic ability chain. All of his genetic base points had been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

Its power had more than doubled!

Therefore, it was not surprising that Trich fainted on the spot. However, not far away, Ark, who was still nailed to the ground, and another member of the Freedom Special Forces who had been pierced through screamed in fear. “No, Trich, get up!”

“Trich, get up…”

“Shut up!” Xu Tui stared at the members of the Freedom Special Force who were still alive. He waved his hand slightly, and two earth spikes instantly rose and pierced into them. This time, he could not be more dead!

Xu Tui activated the Stab Formula crazily while Trich was unconscious. It was as if a tentacle monster was constantly shooting out earth spikes from the ground, rapidly consuming the earth-yellow egg screen that was protecting Trich.

These kinds of consumables given by other Planetary realm powerhouses for defense were still very strong even though Trich was unconscious.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui walked toward Ark, who was nailed to the ground.

“Xu, I’m sorry. I… I didn’t want to… It’s just that Trich… said that I have to follow the orders of the guidance consultant of the two special forces here, Chatov! But I didn’t attack immediately just now. You saved my life!” It could be heard that Ark wanted to live, not die!

“You said that Trich suddenly wanted to kill me because of Chatov’s orders?” Xu Tui asked.

“That’s right. Before we set off, the Special Force’s consultant, Chatov, specially instructed us that Trich and the others have his authorization. It’s a military order that we have to abide by!” Ark trembled. “You saved me just now. I’ll definitely keep it a secret. Don’t kill me…”

“I’m very sorry…” As Xu Tui sighed, an earth spike drilled into Ark’s chin and broke out from the back of his head.

Seven seconds later, there was a soft bang. The energy of the khaki-colored egg screen that enveloped Trich was depleted and exploded by an earth spike.

Trich had just opened his hazy blood-colored eyes. Before he could do anything, an earth spike exploded into his head.

Xu Tui suddenly let out a long sigh as he looked at the corpses on the ground.

“I really came to save you at the start. Would anyone believe me?” Sighing, Xu Tui searched the seven corpses as quickly as he could. He would only take the most valuable and unmarked things on them.

For example, a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir cost 1,000 contribution points. It was still very valuable.

As Xu Tui had expected, other than the bottle that the Blue Star Genetic Committee had given each of the seven of them when they set off, each of them had an additional Level B Active Energy Elixir.

There was at least one more bottle.

For example, Ark had prepared two more bottles. There were a total of five bottles of Level B Active Energy Elixir in Trich’s backpack.

The seven of them had contributed 18 bottles of Level B Active Energy Elixir and 110 grams of Origin Crystals to Xu Tui. He had found 60 grams of Origin Crystals on Trich alone.

As expected of a genetic nouveau riche!

He was rich!

Xu Tui had benefited. As for the value of the other Level D and Level C Energy Restoration Elixirs, they were nothing. Other than that, he also found three Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Cards on Trich’s body. They should have been prepared for him by his quasi-planetary-level uncle.

Xu Tui had already asked Cai Shaochu about the sensory problems of the life-saving cards he had made.

Cai Shaochu’s answer was yes, but under normal circumstances, it was very weak. If he was at a certain distance, he could sense it, let alone cross planets. If he was too far away, he would not be able to sense it. Even if he had specially done something to his senses, it would basically be useless once he crossed the planet.

In other words, Xu Tui could keep the three Origin Crystal Ability Cards made by quasi-planetary-level powerhouses for the time being.

At the very least, Xu Tui could keep it with him until he left this unknown planet.

It was safe!

Unless Trich’s uncle came to this planet. However, that was basically impossible. If a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse could come, why would students like them participate in the space invasion?

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui gathered the seven corpses of Trich and the others within a radius of a few meters. He condensed the Mountain Formula and blasted them four to five times in a row, turning them into a pile of meat paste. He then used the mental vibrating whip to disperse the remaining aura. He instantly soared into the sky and quickly left.

...