Chapter 778 - 778 The Terror Of The Alien Invader Base (2)

778 The Terror of the Alien Invader Base (2)

“When there’s time, a spiritual lock will apply to the people participating in the cultivation exchange meeting.” Xu Tui set the terms.

No one had any objections to this. Although some people felt that it was a little too harsh to remove them from the Worldly Special Force, it was still acceptable. After all, he had to obtain the approval of the original owner if he wanted to give someone else’s things.

As for the spiritual lock, it was not rare. It was the spiritual version of the confidentiality regulations.

Previously, when they first went to the Moon to study, all the students had received such a spiritual lock. The person who used it was Song Zhenglin, a professor from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

It was actually advanced hypnosis, spiritual resonance, and spiritual concealment. He directly cast a spiritual lock on the target so that they could not leak the secrets. There were not many people in the various sectors who could use it.

Xu Tui could now use it.

However, there was no hurry. He would observe slowly first.

“The reason is very simple. First of all, if you casually teach it to someone else, you have to be responsible if something goes wrong with their cultivation. If someone dies, you will have to bear a huge responsibility. Secondly, free things are usually not cherished or valued.”

At this point, Xu Tui laughed again. “The two small techniques I taught you today can be considered a start-up benefit of the Worldly Special Force. In the future, there would also be relevant rules regarding this. Including the cultivation insights that you guys shared, you have to obtain them within the rules. Old Cui, I’ll leave this rule to you for now.”

“No problem.

Xu Tui finished scanning through the books in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s library. He also scanned through a portion of the rare books in the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. He had not read them for nothing.

He had improved in all aspects.@@novelbin@@

The foundation of management was the rules. Only then could the Worldly Special Force operate and grow in an orderly manner.

That’s right. Xu Tui had already developed the Worldly Special Force as a force that he could influence.

In the future, it would definitely be possible to have a right to speak in space.

Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Yang Huai, and Mu Xingluan were deep in thought when they heard Xu Tui’s words.

…

The night situation on this unknown planet was much worse than expected. The wind speed instantly exceeded Level 12. Even the temporary shelter began to shake. The average wind speed was between 8 and 10. The lowest temperature was minus 94 degrees.

The temporary shelter and the extraterrestrial combat uniform could barely block the cold. If he only wore a combat uniform, he would not be able to move around for more than an hour at night. This was because the ultra-low temperature of minus 94 degrees Celsius, coupled with the strong winds, the true body temperature might be about 150 degrees Celsius.

There were times when Mars was cold, but there were no violent winds. However, the worst state only lasted for half an hour before it slowly recovered. When it was slightly bright outside, the temperature had returned to about minus 10 degrees Celsius. The wind had also begun to weaken.

“The first night on an unknown planet is 14 hours and 27 minutes. The daytime is estimated to be as long as 15 hours. A day and night on this unknown planet is close to 30 hours.” Ah Huang fulfilled its recording function.

Breakfast was still compressed dry rations and compressed pure water. For example, Yan Xuejin, Li Zheng, Mu Xingluan, Luo Murong, and the others chose hydration and energy restoration elixirs.

He could solve his physiological problems in the temporary shelter if he wanted to. Even if everyone didn’t have Xu Tui’s mental perception, they would also have their energy field perception or mental senses.

How miserable would it be to be stared at by more than a dozen familiar faces?

Of course, the portable toilet was designed with a little shielding material, but…

…

“Advance in a low-altitude flying formation. Yan Lie, watch out. Zhao Hailong, stand guard behind. I’ll lead the way.”

After a simple breakfast, the members of the Worldly Special Force began to quickly gather and set off. They advanced according to yesterday’s strategy.

Yan Lie had activated a genetic ability chain related to vision. He had eagle eyes, dynamic vision, and other abilities. He could see 30 kilometers in the sky. He was the first choice for a scout.

During the day, the temperature increased rapidly. However, what Xu Tui was worried about did not happen. The temperature had only risen to 27 degrees. It was not as high as expected.

The extremely low temperature and harsh environment at night could basically determine that there was no large-scale aboriginal life on this unknown planet. However, it was hard to say about microorganisms.

They did not encounter any danger along the way. He did not encounter any other participants. The speed of their collective movement was basically maintained at 120 kilometers per hour. Under Xu Tui’s lead, they continuously corrected their direction.

Xu Tui could sense that the high-level human-shaped mechanical spirit that had chased after Tao Guan yesterday was still moving around within an area. It was still alive. The high-level human-shaped mechanical spirit he had encountered when he was rescuing Ark yesterday was in another very far direction.

However, judging from this unknown planet, there was more than one base for alien invaders.

Six hours after they advanced, Xu Tui suddenly made a gesture when he saw a huge mountain in the distance.

“Reduce your speed and increase your vigilance. If there’s a battle, not only do you have to pay attention to the enemies in front of you, but you also have to be careful of the danger brought about by the environment under your feet.”

Everyone agreed with an expectant expression.

The base of the alien invaders that Xu Tui mentioned was in the mountains ahead. This location might fit their previous guess. This unknown planet was most likely a resource planet for alien invaders.

The base ahead might very well be a mining base. If it was a ready-made mining base, the gains would be huge.

At a depression on the back of the mountain, Xu Tui suddenly cooperated with everyone to rest and reorganize. He scouted and mapped the nearby terrain and made a battle-related assessment.

Xu Tui condensed the six Origin Crystal Powder that had been inserted into the mental magnetic pillar and quickly explored the location he had sensed deep in the valley. Although it was still at least ten kilometers away, Xu Tui could roughly see with the Heart Sword Heart Eye ability of the Thousand Miles Sword Technique from afar.

He did not see the so-called alien base along the way. He climbed over a small mountain in the direction and turned into a valley. His observation with the Heart Sword Heart Eye suddenly lit up.

A huge base lay in the valley. On the side facing the entrance of the valley, other than many buildings, there was also an energy barrier.

This discovery made Xu Tui very curious.

Among the alien invaders, be it the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, or the Fission Race, they were extremely adaptable to harsh environments. They could move around freely. He had already seen it in the previous battle.

Why did they need an energy shield? Could it be that there was a Spiritual Race?

The Spiritual Race was rather similar to humans, but most of them were more than a third taller than humans.

Currently, in the research data known to humans, there was not much research on the Spirits. However, the skin and bones of the Spirits were much stronger than those of humans. They had evolved to a very high level.

They are very strong in adapting to the environment. However, he was not sure if they needed an energy protection shield. If there were Spirits living in this base, the strength of this base would have to be reevaluated. Of course, he could not rule out the possibility that this energy protective shield had other uses, such as planting.

Xu Tui controlled the Origin Crystal Powder to slowly approach it. He carefully observed it with his Heart Sword Eye. He searched for a possible entrance. He wanted to see if he could send the Origin Crystal Powder in and completely understand the enemy’s strength.

He had to at least know the general strength of the enemy here before he could take the next step.

The base was not large. The various buildings that were connected to the energy protection shield were about 150 meters wide and 400 meters long. It could be considered a small base.

Soon, Xu Tui discovered the entrance.

There was a simple single-track mine track at the back of the small base, but it was closed now. However, there was a faint vibration coming from the mine track. Xu Tui immediately had an idea.

...

In less than five minutes, an automatic mine car with a strong Mechanical Spirit style rushed over from the monorail. It had no intention of slowing down.

However, just as Xu Tui was about to follow the mining cart into the alien invader base, a large number of figures suddenly appeared in the base’s energy protection shield. Xu Tui’s entire body trembled.

It was inexplicably terrifying!

Humans!

There were actually a large number of humans here!