Chapter 777 - 777 The Terror Of The Alien Invader Base (1)

777 The Terror of the Alien Invader Base (1)@@novelbin@@

Miao Huanshan’s words immediately resonated with Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan. The few Mystery Branch students in the Worldly Special Force all looked toward Xu Tui. It would be a lie to say that he was not looking forward to it.

Xu Tui had only mentioned a small discovery, but it had already made the experts led by the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, extremely excited.

However, the problem was that genetic ancient martial arts was only Xu Tui’s sub-cultivation route. Xu Tui’s true identity was the Mystery Branch. If he gave some pointers, their strength would increase by another level.

Xu Tui thought about it and felt that he could not abandon the Mystery Branch for the first cultivation exchange meeting that he had come up with at the last minute.

!!

Xu Tui knew a lot about the Mystery Branch’s cultivation technique. However, he did not know anything that could be accurately expressed and easily replicated by others. Currently, many of Xu Tui’s discoveries based on the Mystery Branch were based on illusory introspection or mental perception.

However, mental perception was actually very rare.

“Alright. There’s a small technique that can quickly increase your mind power to a certain extent in a short period of time. I’ll tell you about it today.”

As soon as these words were spoken, Miao Huanshan, Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan’s eyes widened. There really was one! And it was the most important method to increase one’s mind power.

Xu Tui smiled when he saw how surprised the four of them were. “Actually, the method is very simple. It’s to completely exhaust your mind power until there’s not a drop left. It’s the kind that causes you to faint on the spot.

“If it’s your first attempt, when you wake up, your total mind power will increase by about two to three percent. Of course, the more times you use this method, the weaker the effect. Usually, it would not be of much use after six to seven times. The effects vary from person to person. It can increase the total amount of mind power by about 10%,” Xu Tui said.

“Ten percent is a lot!” Miao Huanshan muttered. He was about to try when Xu Tui stopped him. “This environment won’t do. It’s too dangerous. If you faint and an accident happens, who will care about you?”

“That’s true.” Miao Huanshan agreed, but his heart itched.

Li Zheng looked at Xu Tui and was a little puzzled. “Commander, this method looks very simple. Why haven’t the teachers in the school explained it to us? Why didn’t it appear in some authoritative research materials?”

“It’s dangerous. There’s actually a certain level of danger in this method of completely exhausting one’s mind power and fainting. Once it’s too much or there’s a problem with the recovery process, there’s a certain risk of a vegetative state or even the relevant genetic chain breaking.

“Therefore, even if some teachers or seniors discovered something, they only dared to try it secretly and did not dare to announce it casually. One had to be responsible for their words. It would be very troublesome if you really trained someone to death,” Xu Tui explained.

“Commander, is there such a danger if we try?” This was the first time Mu Xingluan took the initiative to speak. This was a girl who preferred dark green.

“Of course. I will also inform you about the relevant risks. It will be up to you to decide if you want to try or not,” Xu Tui asked.

“What are the chances of an accident happening?” Yan Xuejin asked.

Xu Tui shook his head. “I don’t know either. This kind of data requires the sacrifice of many people to deduce. I only tried it myself. There are no problems. However, I can’t say for sure if there will be any problems on your side.”

Miao Huanshan, Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan, who had just been hot-blooded, hesitated again. It would be a loss if they became a vegetable or the relevant genetic chain broke.

However, a 10% increase in mind power was very impressive. When they encountered an opponent of similar strength, this 10% of mind power could determine the outcome.

Suddenly, Miao Huanshan gritted his teeth. “F*ck! There’s nothing without risks in this world! One could even choke to death when he drank water! If the regiment commander had not saved Old Tao previously, he would have been GAME OVER. If I was afraid of the risk, why did I come to participate in the space invasion!”

“Why don’t I try first? Anyway, with you guys around, there’s no big risk, right?” Miao Huanshan had clearly made up his mind.

“It’s not suitable!” Xu Tui firmly rejected the idea. “We are on a foreign planet, and it is our first night. No one knows if we will encounter an unexpected situation. This is not the time to undergo such a cultivation.

“Cultivation was important, but so was timing. Moreover, this is an order!” Xu Tui’s expression had become serious.

“Understood!” Miao Huanshan did not insist.

“The important thing about cultivation is that you have to persevere. Don’t be in a hurry to cultivate for a day or two.” Xu Tui laughed before he could finish his sentence.

This was because Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Yang Huai, Cui Xi, and Tao Guan were already prepared to start cultivating their energy field power again. Yan Lie, who was on high alert, scratched his head anxiously.

Their cultivation did not affect anything. It was understandable that they were anxious. After all, for most people, there was only one cultivation channel to increase their strength.

Now that they had a way, it would be strange if they were not anxious.

However, after thinking about it, Xu Tui suddenly added, “There’s a new rule in the Worldly Special Force at the last minute. If you have any objections, you can raise them now.”

Everyone looked at Xu Tui.

“In the future, any cultivation insights and secret techniques obtained during the cultivation exchange meeting of the Worldly Special Force are not allowed to be leaked without the permission of the shareholder.

“Once it was discovered that it had been leaked, they would be removed from the Worldly Special Force. They would have to bear the consequences and the holder reserves the right for a possible investigation.”