Chapter 776 - 776 Cultivation Turn Point And Miracle (3)

776 Cultivation Turn Point and Miracle (3)

“In that case, I’ll throw the brick to attract the jade. Let me tell you about my discovery first.

“Under some circumstances, I discovered that after the cultivation of the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Energy Chain ended, continuing to circulate the energy field power between the Genetic Chain could strengthen the Genetic Chain to a certain extent.

“If I persisted, I would increase the effective cultivation time of the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain and increase the cultivation efficiency of strengthening my energy field power. Basically, according to my current quantification, the cultivation of my energy field power should be several times that of when I first cultivated the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain.”

Luo Murong, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, and the others widened their eyes when they heard Xu Tui’s words.

Several times. Wasn’t this too exaggerated? If that was the case, wouldn’t Xu Tui cultivating for a year be equivalent to them cultivating for several years? If this continued for a few years, the difference would be unimaginable!

“This… I have a question.” Zhao Hailong was excited. “Commander, after the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain operates for a period of time, it will absorb all the energy field power produced by the genetic base points.

“Under such circumstances, if we were to circulate the energy field power along the Major Heavenly Cycle again, the consumption of our energy field power would continuously decrease. If it took long enough, we might even run out!

“My teacher’s teaching is that after absorbing the energy field power in the genetic base points, it would be useless to do the Major Heavenly Cycle Transportation. There would be no benefits. It would also consume a large amount of the existing energy field power!

“This is a contradiction.”

“It’s indeed contradictory. What you said about doing useless things does exist. However, no one persisted in this futile effort for a long time. My research discovered that the genetic base points of the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain should not be a genetic base point, but a group of genetic base points.

“If one did such futile effort for a long time, a large number of genetic base points would be developed. This was also the reason why Hailong cultivated the longest. This was because his usual cultivation had already helped him passively develop a portion of the genetic base point group. If you take the initiative to do something useless, it would be equivalent to taking the initiative to develop the relevant genetic base point group,” Xu Tui said.@@novelbin@@

Everyone present was a smart person. They were extremely experienced in cultivation. They immediately understood what Xu Tui meant when they heard that. According to this theory, the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Base Points Group should be real. Those cultivation elders had activated it passively because they had cultivated for long enough.

However, if they took the initiative to do something useless and pioneered it, then…

Everyone’s hearts were beating wildly. If this was true, this discovery would be a turning point in their cultivation.

What was a fortuitous encounter? This was a freaking fortuitous encounter!

“Commander, will it continuously consume the energy field power in your body if you take the initiative to do such futile effort? How can we solve this problem?”

“Drinking the Energy Restoration Elixir or using Origin Crystals can make up for most of the losses,” Xu Tui said.

Everyone in the temporary shelter was stunned. Xu Tui had opened a door for them. It was a cultivation door that was close to cheating. If this succeeded, then…

“F*ck, why aren’t you cultivating? Are you waiting for the regiment commander to teach you step by step? Who’s going to replace me?” Yan Lie let out a strange cry, directly triggering a cultivation wave.

Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, Tao Guan, Yang Huai, and Luo Murong began to cultivate on the spot. Yan Lie, who was on guard, was so anxious that he scratched his ears. He wanted to try, but he had to be vigilant.

“This method probably won’t work for a day or two. You might be able to see some effect if we persist for three to five days or ten to eight days,” Xu Tui said.

At the side, the Mystery Branch members who had been listening in were all envious. Miao Huanshan immediately thickened his skin and asked, “Commander, you can’t favor one over the other. You can’t ignore the Mystery Branch if you give them a cultivation technique!”