Chapter 774 - 774 Cultivation Turn Point And Miracle (1)

774 Cultivation Turn Point and Miracle (1)

The strong wind blowing outside the temporary shelter actually contained faint energy fluctuations. However, the energy fluctuation was carried away by the wind and instantly disappeared into the distance. Xu Tui’s mental perception could not catch up.

With a thought, Xu Tui focused his mind power on the ventilation room of the temporary shelter. It was filled with wind.

Microscopic perception under mental perception.

Three seconds later, Xu Tui’s brows twitched. Even the energy field he was cultivating fluctuated.

!!

Origin energy!

Xu Tui discovered traces of Origin Energy in the strong wind. During the day, he did not discover any energy.

This represented two possibilities. This unknown planet might cause Origin Energy to escape at night for some reason. Or perhaps, there was an Origin Energy mine on this unknown planet, or there was an Origin Energy overflow tunnel underground. Xu Tui had sensed it when a strong wind blew over at night.

However, no matter which it was, it meant that the value of this unknown planet had increased again.

Especially since Xu Tui could sense the energy in the strong wind at night. This meant that the concentration was not low.

It was definitely higher than the moon and Mars.

It had to be known that Xu Tui could not sense the concentration of energy on Mars even during the energy tide. According to theory, any energy that could be sensed represented that it could be absorbed.

In the past, most humans on the Blue Star could not absorb energy. However, with the useless mind power Origin Crystal absorption method that Xu Tui had invented, he could absorb the energy here to cultivate.

The key to the problem was that no matter which type of origin ability it was, it had a source. The concentration of energy at the source was definitely not ordinary. If he could find it, he would be picking up Origin Crystals when he cultivated them.

The plan for this space invasion was to stay on this unknown planet for two months and evacuate before the frequency of the quantum random frequency changed. If he found it, even if he only cultivated for one to two hours a day, the accumulation would still…

This made Xu Tui’s heart thump.

However, he did not know where to start with the current situation. The wind speed outside was already between level eight and level nine. He could not cultivate at all. As for finding the source of the energy, he could not find it with the energy from the wind.

However, if Xu Tui’s judgment was correct, the alien invaders here might know.

Exploring an unknown planet required a lot of time.

The alien invaders who had stepped onto this unknown planet many years earlier than the humans of the Blue Star would definitely understand this planet better than Xu Tui and the others who had just arrived.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had great expectations for the alien invader base that he was going to investigate tomorrow. Not only were there minerals, but there might also be Origin Energy Minerals or Energy Overflow Tunnels!

In that case, the gains would be considerable!

While he was thinking, Xu Tui suddenly noticed something strange.

Xu Tui suddenly realized with his mental perception that Luo Murong, Yang Huai, Cui Xi, Tao Guan, and Zhao Hailong were all staring at him. The five of them had looks of confusion and surprise in their eyes. They even exchanged glances from time to time.

However, no one disturbed Xu Tui.

Xu Tui only focused on sensing the environment outside while he cultivated his energy field power after he confirmed that it was safe.

Actually, it was because of his concentration that he was distracted. As a result, Xu Tui did not immediately become alert when these people looked over. He, who was cultivating, was completely confused by the five people staring at him.

He was dumbfounded.

He thought about it and did not stop cultivating. Instead, he continued cultivating. At the same time, he used his mental perception to observe the situation of the five people. He wanted to know why they were staring at him.

Were they going to prank him?@@novelbin@@

That should be impossible! This was a battle on a foreign planet. Who dared to joke around?

It continued for another ten minutes. The five of them continued to stare at Xu Tui. None of them said a word, but they continued to observe Xu Tui. Moreover, all of them were afraid of disturbing Xu Tui’s cultivation. They did not even have to look directly at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was a little confused.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui, who could not understand what was going on, opened his eyes and looked at the five of them.

“Aren’t you guys going to cultivate? Why are you staring at me? There’s no flowers on my face,” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

Since they were comrades, Xu Tui asked directly. He did not hide anything.

Luo Murong looked at his communication device and suddenly said, “A total of 52 minutes.”

“What do you mean?” Xu Tui was still confused.

“Old Xu, this… When we were cultivating just now, we realized that you cultivated your energy field power earlier than us. However, even after our cultivation ended, you were still cultivating. We feel that this cultivation time is too f*cking magical!” As he spoke, Cui Xi swallowed and said, “Old Xu, may I ask if you are cultivating the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain?”

With Cui Xi’s question and Luo Murong’s time just now, Xu Tui suddenly realized what they were confused about.

Cultivation time!

Xu Tui had cultivated his energy field for too long. Although the cultivation time of the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Energy Chain was not fixed, most people’s cultivation time was actually similar.

The shorter one took 25 to 26 minutes, while the longer one took 30 minutes. Basically, they would be able to completely absorb the energy field power in the Genetic Base Points of the Major Heavenly Cycle after cultivating for about 30 minutes.