Chapter 775 - 775 Cultivation Turn Point And Miracle (2)

775 Cultivation Turn Point and Miracle (2)

It would not have any effect if he circulated it again.

The training ended. However, Xu Tui had cultivated earlier than them and ended it later than them. Moreover, because they were in a temporary shelter that did not have much space, they could easily sense that Xu Tui’s energy field was constantly circulating.

Naturally, they were curious.

“Yes.” Xu Tui admitted it generously after he thought about it.

As soon as he admitted it, the five of them became extremely shocked. Even Luo Murong was a little shocked. Yan Lie, who was on high alert, also looked over.

“This… We did too. However, I only cultivated for 31 minutes before it ended without any cultivation effects. However, you continued to cultivate for 52 minutes and are still cultivating! Moreover, you cultivate genetic ancient martial arts while I specialize in genetic ancient martial arts! This… I don’t understand. Is there a secret?”

After Zhao Hailong finished speaking, he felt that it was not appropriate to ask directly. He quickly added, “Of course, we were just a little curious because we accidentally discovered it. If this is a secret of your cultivation, just pretend that we didn’t ask!”

In any era, it was a taboo to ask about the privacy of others’ cultivation. Although Zhao Hailong said that, the few of them, including Yan Lie, were looking forward to it. Actually, they all wanted to know the answer!

The Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain was the same. Those who could cultivate for a long time would theoretically increase their energy field power.

If this accumulated over a long period of time, this advantage…

Xu Tui sized them up and said with a smile, “Although this question involves the privacy of your cultivation, I can answer you. However, before I answer, tell me first. How long do you usually cultivate the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain for once?”

Among the elite students at the top of the Extreme Branch, the proportion of them cultivating genetic ancient martial arts was still very large. It was the same for the few people in Xu Tui’s Worldly Special Force.

“I’m less than 31 minutes,” Luo Murong was the first to answer.

“Thirty minutes,” Yang Huai said.

“Twenty-nine minutes,” was Yan Lie’s answer.

“Mine is 28 minutes,” Cui Xi replied.

“At least 25 minutes.” Tao Guan felt a strong pressure.

Xu Tui could hear a pattern.

Zhao Hailong was the strongest, so he had spent the longest time cultivating on the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain. The cultivation time during the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain could reflect a person’s energy field power and strength to a certain extent.

Of course, Xu Tui was an exception.

Xu Tui thought about it and organized his words. “What I want to tell you is that the time I took to cultivate my energy field is as high as 67 minutes. It’s twice or even three times that of yours.

“Cultivation secret? I guess so. It stems from a problem I discovered during my cultivation. It’s just that it hasn’t been verified yet. I’m just trying it out myself.”@@novelbin@@

Everyone’s gazes clearly became fervent. Even Li Zheng and the others from the Mystery Branch looked over.

“However, before I talk about this cultivation discovery, I have another question. What do you think the fundamental meaning or original intention of forming the special forces is?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Participate in the space invasion battle?” Yang Huai shook his head as soon as he finished speaking. “It must not be entirely for this. I was too shallow.”

“The original intention and fundamental meaning?” Zhao Hailong frowned. “A strong alliance? Improvement in battle?”

“No! This time, it was Luo Murong who rejected Zhao Hailong. “It’s not that! The original intention of forming the special forces was because when we humans began to undergo genetic evolution and cultivation, we were exploring our way forward.

“Therefore, the top batch of people formed a small team to exchange their cultivation experience and promote their improvement. Fighting together is only on the surface.” This was the most Luo Murong had said.

Xu Tui nodded repeatedly. “Murong is right. Exchanging cultivation experiences and solving cultivation problems is the original intention of the special forces. However, most of the special forces were focused on circles and battles.

“However, in my plan, our Worldly Special Force will not only be a combat group in the future, but also a cultivation group. We had to regularly exchange our cultivation experience and insights. If we encountered a cultivation problem, we could also study and solve it together!

“After all, the cultivation of genetic newcomers had only been established for a hundred years. Everyone’s cultivation experience and insights were a treasure. Moreover, it was possible that what you thought was the most normal situation during your daily cultivation was something that others did not know or even notice.

“In the future, we can hold such cultivation experience exchange meetings regularly. Of course, private exchanges can be held at any time.”

“Xu Tui, I admire you even more. It would be perfect if you could wear Hanfu.” Luo Murong’s eyes were filled with admiration. It made Xu Tui feel strange.

“I agree!”

“I agree too!”

“I’ll listen to you, Commander. I like it!”

Almost instantly, everyone, regardless of whether they were from the Extreme Branch or the Mystery Branch, agreed with this matter.

Everyone had countless questions about cultivation. However, in reality, most of the people they could communicate with were either teachers or the Internet. No one was willing to take the initiative to communicate with the students and comrades around them.

There were all kinds of reasons. Some were about the privacy of his cultivation, some were about keeping it a secret, and some felt that it was impossible for his classmates to answer his questions.