Chapter 771 - 771 Strategy And Abnormal Fluctuations (1)

771 Strategy and Abnormal Fluctuations (1)

Xu Tui had been thinking about something while he was searching for Zhao Hailong.

Did the Blue Star have to have internal strife?

Ark’s confession should be true. Xu Tui did not kill Ark immediately because he wanted to keep him alive to ask for the reason.

As for showing mercy, that was impossible! Unless Ark jumped out to object the moment Trich secretly ordered a surprise attack on him. Warriors like that needed to be respected. Unfortunately, he did not.

!!

The fact that Ark’s confession was true meant that Xu Tui was already on the secret hunting list of the American Sector. It was just like the list that Principal Cai Shaochu had given Xu Tui before they set off. He would kill them if he had the chance.

Actually, Xu Tui had been a little resistant when he first received the elite hunting list from the other sectors from the principal, Cai Shaochu. It was enough to have internal strife on the Blue Star and the Moon. Why did they have to have internal strife in a space invasion?

Suddenly, Xu Tui remembered the history of the seven heroes of the Warring States period in Huaxia. From history, it could be seen that an extremely powerful fist was needed to end this infighting. It was an empire like Great Qin that could unify the four seas.

Internal strife? Unify?

Xu Tui understood these questions. Did the higher-ups of the various sectors not understand? No, the politicians in the various sectors were dozens of times smarter than Xu Tui in this aspect. They definitely understood.

They all knew that they could not engage in internal strife. They had to think of a way to unite the Blue Star into one voice. However…

Everyone wanted to be the only voice! Everyone wanted to be the unifier!

Xu Tui suddenly understood. Under such circumstances, without the external danger of extinction, no one would be able to stop the internal strife on the Blue Star! This was because in the Great Genetic Age, the battle for supremacy between the six major sectors of the Blue Star had already begun.

Xu Tui thought about a question. What could he do?

After thinking for a while, Xu Tui realized that he could not do anything. All he could do was work hard to become stronger. When the time was right, he would contribute his strength to the Huaxia Sector.

At the same time, he reflected on the battle where he killed Trich.

The power of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse was even stronger than Xu Tui had imagined.

The power of Xu Tui’s Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula had long surpassed the level of a Genetic Evolution Realm expert. They had reached the lethality of a Level F Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

As for the lethality level of the flying sword, it might have already reached the lethality of a Level E Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

However, it actually required 50 to 60 attacks to break the Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Card made by a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. It showed the strength of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse.

Moreover, this was not the true power of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. It was just an Origin Crystal Sealing Ability Card made by a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. If a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse personally used this ability, its power would only be stronger.

Xu Tui thought about it along the way. He also had a clearer understanding of his cultivation direction in the short term.

First, he would continue to strengthen the other Level 2 genetic base points to Level 3. The first goal was to strengthen the genetic base points of the main abilities, such as the Stab Formula, the Water Puppet, and the Vajra Barrier, to Level 3. Then, he would focus on the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

Next was to continue exploring the quantum entanglement genetic ability chain.

In today’s battle, the energy transmission in the quantum entanglement genetic ability chain shone brightly. It could be said to be the decisive factor.

Rare and strange. These two characteristics determined that the quantum entanglement genetic ability chain would definitely be Xu Tui’s key cultivation ability in the future.

However, the cultivation of this ability did not have the experience of his predecessors. Xu Tui was purely exploring his way forward. He had already activated 12 genetic base points, but he had yet to complete a preliminary genetic ability chain.

Xu Tui estimated that when the quantum entanglement genetic ability chain was completed, the nature of his abilities would increase compared to now.

Finally, there was the breakthrough.

He had to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm in the shortest time possible after he returned from the space invasion. The current theory was that this breakthrough was a true improvement and breakthrough in the level of life.

It greatly increased the various foundations of genetic newcomers. Most importantly, it greatly increased the upper limit of the genetic newcomers’ endurance.

After breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, even without any cultivation, the power of all his abilities would increase by 10 to 20%, including his mind power.

This increase varied from person to person.

Xu Tui estimated that it might be related to the fact that he had not been able to completely strengthen all of his genetic base points into a Level 3 genetic ability chain. If he broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, he might be able to try to strengthen the first true level-three genetic ability chain in his body again.

This was the short-term cultivation goal that he had set for himself.@@novelbin@@

Of course, all cultivation required a large number of Origin Crystals. However, Trich and the others had contributed 110 grams of Origin Crystals to Xu Tui today. This surprised Xu Tui.

This harvest would allow him to strengthen at least six more genetic base points to Level 3.

This felt a little like a gold belt.

Along the way, Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of anticipation. It would be best if a few more idiots like Trich came to kill Xu Tui with a group of people.