Chapter 782 - 782 Another Direction And Authorization Moment (1)

782 Another Direction and Authorization Moment (1)

Hypnosis was not omnipotent.

Hypnosis was not control.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would have been able to hypnotize the four half-human mechanical spirits and charge into the base of the alien invaders.

However, the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence were very effective. This could be considered Xu Tui’s backup plan. If something happened to the bait plan, Xu Tui’s ability would be able to unleash a powerful corrective force.

At the same time, Xu Tui was also wondering if he had overlooked another application direction of the School of General Senses.

There were two major aspects to the application of the abilities of the School of General Senses.

On the one hand, he could directly materialize various original quantum frequencies, such as the Mountain Formula and the Water Puppet. On the other hand, he could amplify or shrink a certain original quantum frequency.

A typical application in this aspect was healing abilities. The essence of healing abilities was to amplify the quantum frequency of the original life in a living being’s body.

On the other hand, did Xu Tui’s hypnosis after he fused with the Mechanical Spirit’s original quantum frequency amplify and reduce the relevant original quantum frequency? In that case, the low lethality of the mental hammer against the Mechanical Spirit Race could be changed.

Xu Tui could understand that the reason why the mental hammer was not lethal in the past was that the attack of the mental hammer and the spirit of the Mechanical Spirit were not on the same basic frequency.

The damage of the mental hammer was wide enough, so it had damage, but its power was limited.

But if he used his perception to materialize or magnify the original quantum frequency of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the damage dealt would definitely be great.

Xu Tui suddenly realized that this might be another way to increase his combat strength. Moreover, this direction was very strange. It was not to weaken the enemy or strengthen himself. Instead, it was to slightly increase the frequency of the enemy.

However, it was still very difficult to do that. It was only a direction for the future.

What Xu Tui could do now was to increase the lethality of the mental hammer or hypnosis by materializing the original quantum frequency.

As he pondered, Xu Tui suddenly realized that the ability of the School of General Senses to amplify or reduce the original quantum frequency might have a much higher growth potential than he had imagined.

Even if he encountered a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse in the future, it would be very useful.

Be it defense or attack, they might have miraculous effects! Indeed, he had to try and think more before he could make new discoveries.

Xu Tui’s reconnaissance today had allowed his understanding of the School of General Senses to reach a new level.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui silently returned to the place where the members were waiting.

Even though the matter had been made clear, the members were still a little anxious. After all, Xu Tui had been away for more than an hour.

“We can start the bait plan. Before we start the bait plan, we have to circle around here and hide. On the way, there are two beams of warning…”

It took them a full 20 minutes to come up with and revise the bait plan. It also took them another 30 minutes to carefully arrive at the hidden location.

Xu Tui brought his team members and activated all of their anti-reconnaissance functions. They carefully arrived at the hiding spot that was a little further away.

“Old Cui, you have to be careful. The initial focus fire might be unimaginably intense. If my observations are correct, the monorail mining cart will appear in ten minutes. You can use that as cover,” Xu Tui instructed again.

“Don’t worry. I brought two folding shields.”

“If you can’t take it, find a low-lying spot and climb down immediately. What’s important is the bait, not the resistance,” Zhao Hailong said.

“I can give him some defense,” Mu Xingluan suddenly said.

“How do you do that?” Xu Tui turned around.

“Thousand Vine Twists is one of my abilities. With a special seed, I can condense a Thousand Vines Armor at the vital points of his upper body in a minute. It’s very thin and has a considerable defensive ability. It’s definitely stronger than his two alloy shields. As long as it’s within a certain range of me, it won’t dissipate. I can do it for all of you too,” Mu Xingluan said.

This made Xu Tui overjoyed. Such an auxiliary ability was simply great. As for the one minute wait, it was nothing.

“By the way, is the energy fluctuation strong? Will it trigger the energy detection of the alien base?”

“I’ve tested it in school and on the moon. I can’t sense any fluctuations from 100 meters away. However, I could not say for sure if the alien base could detect it. I can extend the time it takes for the Thousand Vines Armor to form to five minutes. That way, the energy fluctuations will be slower and smaller,” Mu Xingluan said.

“If it will cause us to be exposed in advance, forget it.” Cui Xi shook the folding alloy shield.

Zhao Hailong did not say anything. Xu Tui looked at Cui Xi and suddenly said to Mu Xingluan, “Let’s begin. Slow down.”

Compared to the risk of being exposed, Cui Xi’s life was more precious. After all, that was at least a wave of concentrated fire from all the defensive weapons.@@novelbin@@

“Alright.” Mu Xingluan handed Cui Xi a seed. “Put this on your chest.”

Three seconds later, the seed that Cui Xi had placed on his chest suddenly began to grow. Thousands of thin threads began to grow and entangle like vines.

In five minutes, it really formed a thin but tough vine armor.

Zhao Hailong poked him with his spear. “Not bad. It’s indeed stronger than your folding alloy shield. It’s even lighter.”