Chapter 781 - 781 Attempt And Weakness (2)

781 Attempt and Weakness (2)

There would only be the size of amplitude, but it would definitely not be completely impossible.

Something must have gone wrong!

Xu Tui carefully tried to hypnotize one of the Mechanical Spirit half-human guards more than ten times, but it still did not work. However, the feeling that they were not at the same frequency became more and more obvious. It was as if the two sides were communicating through a common image. However, one image was on channel one, and the other was on channel two.

Frequency?

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. He remembered the basics of the School of General Senses.

Original quantum frequency!

In the healing ability, the most important thing was to sense the original quantum frequency of life. All the original quantum frequencies of life on the Blue Star were the same. There were only some subtle differences in other aspects.

However, when he was searching for the red fire slip and sensing five directions, Xu Tui had a sudden thought when he was in the wilderness. He had tried to use his School of General Senses ability to treat an injured bird.

Of course, it was mainly because An Xiaoxue’s love had erupted at that time. Xu Tui had displayed his awesomeness a little.

It was useless the first time he tried treatment. The original quantum frequency of a bird’s life was completely different from that of a human. However, the treatment went smoothly after Xu Tui spent three minutes sensing the original quantum frequency of the bird’s life.

If one looked at the Mechanical Spirit Clan from this angle, the original quantum frequency of the Mechanical Spirit Clan’s life would definitely be different from that of the Blue Star humans.

Xu Tui thought of another problem. Yanzi!

When he had used the healing technique on Yanzi to trick her, Xu Tui had instantly found her original quantum life frequency.

The original quantum life frequency of the Spiritual Race was very similar to that of humans. Did this mean that the Spiritual Race was largely related to humans? In that case, what was the relationship between the Spiritual Race, who were attacking the Blue Star as aliens, and humans?

Xu Tui shook his head and temporarily put that question aside.

This question was too far away. He had to focus on the present.

Xu Tui was puzzled. Was the original quantum frequency of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s life, or rather, the original quantum frequency related to the life of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the reason why hypnosis, spiritual radiation, and other abilities were ineffective?

“Half an hour. If I can’t sense the original quantum life frequency of the Mechanical Spirit in half an hour, I’ll find another way.” Xu Tui set a limit for himself.

Immediately, Xu Tui slowly dispersed his spiritual resonance and began to use his microscopic perception to sense one of the half-human Mechanical Spirit Guards.

Xu Tui was no longer very clear about the level of his microscopic perception. He no longer had anything to refer to.

There was the reference training card that Qu Qingshan had given him when he first started learning. However, that training card did not have much meaning after Xu Tui cleared the level.@@novelbin@@

Ever since Xu Tui mastered his microscopic perception, all the relevant genetic base points had first been strengthened to Level 2 genetic base points. Later on, they had been strengthened to a true Level 2 silver genetic chain.

Recently, Xu Tui had used a large number of Origin Crystals to strengthen it to Level 3 genetic base points. The priority was to strengthen the main genetic base points of the various genetic ability chains. One of his genetic base points of his microscopic perception had also been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

The ability of microscopic perception should have increased by at least two times compared to when he first learned. It might even have tripled or more.

That efficiency should be much faster than before.

Moreover, according to the cultivation notes left behind by the teachers of the School of General Senses, the more and more detailed the different original quantum frequencies one sensed, the faster one would be able to sense the new original quantum frequencies in the future.

This was why Xu Tui had set a time limit of half an hour for himself.

At the same time, Xu Tui reflected. He had slacked off previously. This entry in the cultivation notes of the founder of the School of General Senses, Chen Chuxuan, was very inconspicuous and ordinary. It was like a passage in a notebook.

Xu Tui did not pay much attention to it when he saw it. That was because the original wording of Chen Chuxuan’s record was, there was a high chance. He was not sure.

The fact that he could not hypnotize the Mechanical Spirit this time made Xu Tui think of this.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of this.

Perhaps this was also very important to the School of General Senses. In the future, as long as he had the chance to see different objects and species, Xu Tui would try to use his microscopic perception to sense their original quantum frequencies.

It should be useless to sense one or two of them. But what if there were 100 of them? Perhaps quantity would cause a qualitative change?

Countless structures that Xu Tui had never seen before appeared in his microscopic perception. The Mechanical Spirit Race looked like a human or a half-human, but their internal structure was worlds apart from that of humans.

However, the key parts were similar to humans. For example, their energy cores were a little similar to a human heart. Some of the energy circulation nodes were actually similar to human genetic base points.

However, spirits were different!

This spirit was much weaker than the spirit in the human body that Xu Tui had sensed. It was only slightly stronger than the current Ah Huang. The half-human mechanical spirit that Xu Tui had used his microscopic perception to sense in the alert position of the energy protection shield of the alien base began to become anxious.

It had an indescribable feeling of being spied on. For a few moments, it felt as if it was transparent and was displayed in all directions.

However, everything was normal in all directions, be it its vision or other reconnaissance equipment.

It was a little hesitant. Was it sick?

They could also fall sick!

Just as it was hesitating if it should report to its captain that it felt sick, all the strange feelings suddenly disappeared.

A smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face 700 meters away.

He had succeeded!

Seventeen minutes later, he had already sensed the quantum frequency of the Mechanical Spirit’s original life. Its speed was much faster than he had imagined. Fortunately, the Mechanical Spirit did not have any mind power. Otherwise, the other party would have noticed him long ago.

Just like that, the half-human mechanical spirit also had a strange reaction.

“I can try again now.”

With a thought, he hypnotized him.

The moment he used Advanced Hypnosis, Xu Tui specially fused the original quantum frequency of the Mechanical Spirit that he had just sensed. In an instant, the Mechanical Spirit that was restless because it had been sensed instantly fell silent.

He had succeeded!

The hypnosis was successful!

Joy appeared on Xu Tui’s face. Was it really because the quantum frequency of the original life was different? He silently woke up the Mechanical Spirit and tried to hypnotize the other three Mechanical Spirits again.

Almost instantly, the three Mechanical Spirits fell into a hypnotic state. Xu Tui felt that he could even give them some orders that did not violate their instincts through hypnosis.

It was too easy. It was much easier than hypnotizing humans.

...

There was no consciousness struggle or resistance.

Xu Tui was a little confused. Was this because of the characteristics of the Mechanical Spirit Race? Or was it a weakness? Or was it because he had materialized the quantum frequency of the Mechanical Spirit’s original life?