Chapter 786 - 786 Honor And Glory

786 Honor and Glory

The battle was a little tragic.

Old Cui fell to the ground again with serious injuries. Or rather, he was not far from death.

If not for Yan Lie protecting him at the last moment, Cui Xi might have gone to see his ancestors.

He was under the siege of 40 to 50 Mechanical Spirits, at least five of them were at the Genetic Evolution Realm. Most importantly, he had been blasted by Yin Ji, a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert, and all his defenses had been broken.

Otherwise, Old Cui would not have been in such a miserable state.

However, it was all thanks to Mu Xingluan. If not for the fact that Mu Xingluan, a wood-type supernatural being, was constantly repairing the vine armors of Cui Xi, Yan Lie, and Yang Huai, Old Cui would probably have died.

Xu Tui did not have to worry about Cui Xi’s injuries. Mu Xingluan had already begun to treat him.

This made Xu Tui take another look at Mu Xingluan. He had thought that this girl was a wood-type supernatural being, but she was actually so good at supports. Most importantly, the battle distance was quite far.

It should have reached a radius of 200 meters.

For example, Li Zheng and Yan Xuejin, who could use their superpowers despite being separated by the energy protection shield, were too far away and could not be used. Perhaps it was a better choice to lure the Mechanical Spirits near the energy protection shield during the battle just now.

Xu Tui panted as he reviewed the battlefield just now. However, he immediately dismissed the idea.

The Mechanical Spirit Race was the same as the other alien races. Their long-range attacks were much fiercer than their short-range attacks.

Xu Tui picked up the water puppet doll on the ground and removed the Origin Crystals that had been depleted of energy. He immediately replaced them with two new water-type Origin Crystals that were each one gram.

The frost giant could still withstand the situation just now.

Xu Tui felt that he had done something wrong. He should have used the fire slip to strengthen the water puppet when he first conjured the frost giant puppet. The frost giant puppet that had been enhanced by the fire slip was definitely stronger in both defense and attack.

It might not be destroyed by Yin Ji’s cannon!

After replenishing the water-type Origin Crystals in the water puppet doll, Xu Tui threw a healing spell at Yang Huai.

Yang Huai’s performance just now was not bad, especially since he was the first to charge fearlessly and attracted a large amount of firepower.

From this moment on, Xu Tui completely recognized Yang Huai as a member of the Worldly Special Force.

The enemies this fellow encountered were similar to Cui Xi, but he was in a much better state.@@novelbin@@

This was the difference in strength and cultivation time. After all, Yang Huai was already in his fourth year and had stepped into the Genetic Evolution Realm. Cui Xi was only in his third year and had not stepped into the Genetic Evolution Realm.

“Hailong, Murong, search the mining area first. Kill all the remaining enemies if you find them. We’ll find a way to turn off the energy protection shield,” Xu Tui ordered.

“Okay!” Zhao Hailong and Luo Murong agreed readily. They also blamed themselves. They had been a step slower just now. If they had rushed in too, the situation would have been much better.

Although they did not do it on purpose, they felt very uncomfortable when they saw their comrades fighting to the death inside.

“Get up if you can still move.” Xu Tui kicked Cui Xi and treated him a few times.

Mu Xingluan’s treatment was a combination of healing and nourishment. Xu Tui’s treatment was purely because his recovery speed was fast, but it required a large amount of energy to replenish.

Fortunately, Cui Xi had drunk a bottle of Level B Energy Restoration Elixir previously. He could quickly recover now.

“Catch, it’s back up!”

Xu Tui looked at Cui Xi, who was gritting his teeth as he got up. He threw a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir over. There were only two bottles. He had used one without hesitation just now. Xu Tui was going to replenish another bottle for him.

“Hey, I’ll remember that!” Cui Xi did not stand on ceremony and accepted it. He could not stand on ceremony with such a life-saving item!

In the command hall on the second floor, the adjutant was still in a hypnotic state.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to pay attention to it. Instead, he found the reactor control room. There must be a control switch there. At the critical moment, they could forcefully cut off the energy shield.

Of course, Xu Tui still wanted to try out the energy protective shield. If they could keep it, it would greatly increase their safety.

“Ah Huang, is there a possibility of intrusion?”

“Enter the control hall and plug my external chip into the data interface of their control hall. Give me some time. I can definitely do it! A portion of my core program comes from the Mechanical Spirit Race.” Ah Huang was extremely confident.

When they entered the control hall, Yang Huai, Yan Lie, and Cui Xi saw the lifeless humanoid creatures in the rooms. Their expressions became extremely ugly. It would be fine if this was an alien, but if it was a human…

Xu Tui and the others also discovered another benefit during the process of entering.

With the identity cards of Yin Ji and the other Mechanical Spirits who had died in battle, the automatic defense equipment in the base would recognize them as their own and not attack them.

Of course, this was because the base’s automatic defense system was unmanned.

After searching around, Xu Tui found an interface in the command hall and inserted Ah Huang’s external chip.

“I’ll guard the door for you guys. I’ll try to use my technology to crack the command system here,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Commander, you have such an ability?” Yang Huai was very surprised.

“Heh, the commander of our Worldly Special Force is born with a heifer standing upside down. He’s awesome! Let’s go, be on guard!” Cui Xi smiled and pulled Yang Huai out. Yan Lie instantly disappeared.

Xu Tui was stunned. He had to put the matter of the spiritual lock on the agenda. Today, he had basically exposed most of his abilities. Although the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence were not explicit, the captive in front of him could not withstand scrutiny.

From the looks of it, Xu Tui completely trusted his comrades. However, it could not protect their bragging. If they were to brag about it and it spread, it would be troublesome if it reached the ears of Itavi or Kitawan. Even with the protection of Cai Shaochu and the two teachers, it was still very troublesome.

Xu Tui began to work slowly.

At close range, he stood behind the hypnotized adjutant and used Spiritual Resonance, Spiritual Radiation, and Spiritual Concealment to weave an illusion. It was obvious that this adjutant of the Mechanical Spirit Race had not received professional anti-reconnaissance and anti-interrogation training.

In less than 15 minutes, Xu Tui received some key information.

For example, the activation and shutdown of the energy protection shield and the various functional areas of the base. Of course, he also knew about Yin Ji’s final activation of the self-destruction program.

This made Xu Tui break out in a cold sweat. Fortunately, he had done his homework. Otherwise, the entire reactor at the base would explode in less than ten seconds. Although the reactor here was very small, its energy level was very strong. In any case, any powerhouse below the quasi-planetary realm had no chance of surviving. Even a powerhouse of the quasi-planetary realm had to rely on luck in this self-destruction program.

At the same time, Xu Tui also learned a lot of other relevant information.

For example, the code name of this base was T-14. This was a planet. This planet was basically filled with the resources of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

There were a total of 25 resource bases with the code name T. There were about 300 Mechanical Spirits stationed in each base.

Commanders were usually at the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

...

Among them, Base T-1 was the commander-in-chief of the Mechanical Spirit Race on this planet. There were slightly more garrisons, but the adjutant did not know the exact number.

During the hypnotic interrogation, Xu Tui asked about the humanoid lives that had instantly died.

The adjutant only had two answers. Firstly, this was a Spiritual Embodiment. It was also one of their main missions on this planet.

Secondly, when the self-destruction program was activated, the priority of the Spiritual Embodiment was the highest. However, if he could retreat, he had to take the spiritual box with him when he retreated.

The adjutant did not know anything else other than these.

Just as Xu Tui was carefully asking about the relevant details in hypnosis mode, two communication devices suddenly rang in the command center in the hall.

“Ah Huang, can you detect the source?”

“Not at the moment. I’ll need some time, but it’s their internal markings, one from the T-1 base and the other from the forward operating base.”

“Does the T-1 Base have remote self-destruction or control rights over the 14th Base?” Xu Tui asked the adjutant.

“Base T-1 has monitoring rights to Base 14, but I’m not sure if it has remote self-destruction and control rights. Only you know these rights, Commander,” the adjutant replied.

The commander that the adjutant mentioned was Yin Ji, who had already died in battle. However, Xu Tui had disguised himself through Spiritual Concealment.

...

“What about the higher-level forward bases? Do they have any control or monitoring rights over Base 14?”

“I don’t know, Commander. You should check your rights handbook.”

Xu Tui frowned. This was another dangerous factor. “Ah Huang, I need to speed up.”

“Give me another ten minutes. I’ll try to make its interior temporarily form a closed network,” Ah Huang said.

“Hurry.” Xu Tui picked up two communication requests as he spoke. It was better to chat with him. If he did not accept it, it would be terrifying if they really had similar rights and self-destruction.

“I am the commander-in-chief of Base 1, Yin Zhou. Where is Yin Ji? We detected that your base has activated a portion of the self-destruction program. What happened?” This was a question from Base 1.

Xu Tui did not say anything. He only got the adjutant to stand in front of the communication device.

“Lord Yin Ji…” The hypnotized adjutant was dumbfounded. His consciousness began to struggle, and there were signs of recovery.

“I’m Lei Tian. I received feedback from the self-destruction program of the Spiritual Embodiment in Base 14. What happened? What about the spiritual box? Did you collect it?”

Xu Tui frowned when he heard that. The commander of a higher-level forward base, Lei Tian, was most concerned about the so-called spiritual box of the spiritual embodiment?

What about the spiritual embodiment? What exactly was a spiritual box for?

“Adjutant, as the commander-in-chief, I order you to answer me. Where’s Yin Ji?” Yin Zhou, the commander-in-chief of Base 1, saw that something was wrong and suddenly roared.

Perhaps it was the dominance and pressure of the higher-ups in the military system, but it instantly woke the adjutant up. He roared in fear, “Commander Yin Ji has already died in battle. He ordered…”

The mental hammer struck down, and the adjutant instantly fainted. Xu Tui walked toward the communication projection.

“Heh, Commanders, nice to meet you!” Xu Tui felt that his greeting was quite humorous.

However, Yin Zhou’s expression instantly changed drastically. “Impossible! With your strength, it’s impossible for you to attack the energy protection barrier!”

“Yin Zhou, I think your thoughts are too old-fashioned.” Lei Tian directly criticized Yin Zhou in the communication device. Then, he said, “How should I address the gentleman opposite me? After so many years, you are the first Blue Star person who can talk to me directly! You should be honored!”

“No, I’m not honored at all now. If one day, I can cut off your head and make it into a football for the children of the Blue Star, that would be my true honor.” Xu Tui was not afraid of verbal attacks.

“Very good. However, you won’t have this chance!”

“There will be, Commander Lei Tian, right? Just you wait!”

“What a boring provocation. Do you dare to tell me your name? I believe that my subordinates will be very happy to send your head to me and make it into a unique vase,” Lei Tian asked.

“I was afraid that you wouldn’t dare to come!”

“Alright!” Ah Huang had said this word to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui smiled when he heard those words. “Remember, my name is Worldly!”