Chapter 780 - 780 Attempt And Weakness (1)

780 Attempt and Weakness (1)

Investigating the base of these alien invaders was really a technical job.

There was a possibility of being exposed every second.

Currently, among the main species of alien invaders discovered, the technology level of the Spiritual Race was unknown. However, to be able to rule the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race, even if their technology level was not good, their superpowers were extraordinary.

Among the technology levels of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race, even the Dissimilate Clan’s technology level far exceeded the Blue Star humans.

According to the current information, the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race had the same level of technology, but they each had their own focus. For example, at the human base on the moon, there were all kinds of reconnaissance and security cameras, machine beams, and radars.

If it was at full power, they could detect the situation thousands of kilometers away. Under normal vigilance, the reconnaissance range varied from a few to dozens of kilometers depending on the terrain.

If the technology of the Blue Star humans could reach this level, then the scouting range of the alien base today could be imagined.

Even if he activated the anti-reconnaissance function of the custom-made combat uniform, he had to make use of the terrain and distance. Otherwise, it was very likely that he would be exposed in a short period of time.

Xu Tui had already discovered two warning lines when he was 1,000 meters away from the alien invader base.

This kind of beam cordon could not be seen with the naked eye. It could only be discovered through technological equipment or mental perception or relatively strong energy perception. If he did not notice it, he would be discovered if he touched it.

Xu Tui stopped at a small leeward mountain 700 meters away from the alien invader base. He had already entered the range of his strongest mental perception. Many of the reconnaissance work could be done here.

His mental perception slowly spread out. Ten minutes later, the monorail mining cart appeared again.

This time, Xu Tui focused all of his mental senses on the monorail mining cart.

When the mining cart passed through the energy protection shield on the outside, there was something that looked like a chip on the top of the cart that emitted an extremely faint energy fluctuation.

Then, the monorail mining cart successfully entered the energy protection shield of the extraterrestrial invader base.

The energy protection shield of the alien base had an access card.

This discovery made Xu Tui relax a little. If he had an access card, he could still implement the bait plan. Although there was an access card on the mining cart, he did not know if it could pass through the energy protection shield in the living area.

There was a high chance that he could not.

Of course, it might also be universal.

The bait plan could be implemented, but no one could guarantee that it would succeed. What if the alien invaders did not fall for it? What if the alien invaders realized that Xu Tui and the others were targeting the access card and immediately changed the access parameters?

If the data center cooperated, this modification would probably be completed in a few seconds.

Therefore, Xu Tui had to make a backup plan.

However, Xu Tui had to first verify one thing. Was the ability of the School of Radiation Influence useful against the Mechanical Spirit? If it was useful, how useful could it be?

Only by testing it out clearly could it be effective at the critical moment.

It was only right that it was useful.

Xu Tui had specially asked Cai Shaochu this question during his conversation with him before he participated in the battle.

Cai Shaochu’s answer was also very certain. All intelligent species had a spirit. Any species with a spirit could be affected by the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence. However, different species and spirits had different influences.

Therefore, it was basically possible to determine that the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence would be effective against the Mechanical Spirit. However, the extent to which it could be achieved depended on his experiment now.

There was a high chance that it would affect the efficiency.

Xu Tui had used the mental hammer on the Mechanical Spirit Race before. The power of the mental hammer was clearly less lethal to the Mechanical Spirit Race.

According to this reasoning, the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence should have a limited effect on them.

Xu Tui waited quietly.

The Mechanical Spirits in the living area did not move around much. If they were gathered together and he casted an ability of the School of Radiation Influence on one, the probability of being exposed would be too high.

Other than that, the energy protective barrier and layers of buildings also greatly weakened the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception and abilities.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui found a suitable distance to the sentry post of the alien invader base after continuously moving far away. There were four semi-human-shaped Mechanical Spirits patrolling within a certain radius.

He slowly extended his mental perception, then his spiritual resonance.@@novelbin@@

A few seconds later, Xu Tui received a message from his spiritual resonance.

How annoying!

Not in a good mood!

Unhappy!

A little angry.

This was a message from the passive resonance of the mind. This surprised Xu Tui.

The aliens were not happy either? However, what surprised Xu Tui even more was that the ability of spiritual resonance did not seem to be weakened when it was used on the Mechanical Spirit.

Then, Xu Tui tried hypnosis.

However, the hypnosis failed after a few attempts.

The feeling of failure was very strange. It was as if the two sides were not on the same frequency. If he had to find a word to describe it, it would be playing the lute to a cow! It was just like how humans had no feelings for the grass that cattle and sheep liked.

Then, Xu Tui tried Spiritual Radiation and Spiritual Concealment, but they all failed.

No!

This did not make sense!

Spiritual resonance was fine, but why couldn’t he use other abilities? In theory, as long as spiritual resonance was possible, other abilities could also be used. Moreover, the Mechanical Spirit Race was also an intelligent species. They should be affected by the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence.