Chapter 787 - 787 Harvest At The Base (1)

787 Harvest at the Base (1)

“Many external orders have been detected. Prepare to intercept!”

“Interception successful!”@@novelbin@@

“Highest authority initial order detected. Prepare to intercept!”

“Too high authority. Interception failed. Activate data blocking strategy.”

“Data block successful.”

“Detected that the hidden order of the command center’s core database has been activated. Data isolation under the state of emergency.”

“The emergency data isolation order is successful. The command center is partially paralyzed.”

“Detected that many external links have been interrupted at the same time with the current command center. It is suspected that a physical order has been activated. This order cannot be interfered with or interrupted. It has temporarily blocked the reactor control data pathway in case it activates self-destruction.”

Before Ah Huang could finish its narrating order, the brilliance of the entire command hall instantly disappeared. All the instruments fell silent at this moment. At the same time, the energy protective barrier outside also disappeared.

“Worldly, I look forward to meeting your… head.” Lei Tian said the last sentence in the communication device. Xu Tui’s communication with Lei Tian and Yin Zhou was cut off at the same time.

“It should be that the data link between the T-1 main base and the 14th base was actively cut off. Then, it triggered the locking function of the command center of the 14th base.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

“What do you mean by a locking function?”

“It’s the self-silence of a program. Without a special method and order to activate it, it can’t execute any orders,” Ah Huang said.

“In that case, the energy protection shield outside can’t be activated again?”

“That’s the theory. This automatic lockdown function is forced upon reaching a certain condition. I can’t stop it,” Ah Huang explained to itself.

“Alright.” Xu Tui felt a little regretful.

His original intention was to take down the command center. If they could freely control the activation of the energy protection shield, then Base 14 would be their safest base in this space invasion.

Even if three to five Genetic Transmutation Realm experts or even more came, Xu Tui would be able to deal with them with the energy protection barrier of the Base 14.

However, there was nothing he could do about it. It was not easy to take down the command center of the enemy base.

“Does that mean that the thing in the command center here is useless?” Xu Tui patted the command center that had become a metal lump and asked.

“It would be best if it was completely destroyed. If the alien invaders can make it sleep remotely, they might be able to activate it remotely. The reactor is a great killing weapon. However, you can consider recycling the trash before you destroy it,” Ah Huang said.

“Why do you say that?”

“The overall control chip of the command center is a next-generation quantum chip. Its hardware and software are one or two generations higher than the quantum computer chip of the Blue Star. Take it down and bring it back to the moon. Get Mr. Ji to send it to my data center. Give me some time, and I can fully understand it and improve my data ability.

“If you can get me a few more of these next-generation quantum chips, I can control such a command center in a shorter period of time next time. I can control it to a higher extent and even invade it without contact,” Ah Huang said.

“Yes, sure. However, if I bring it back to the Blue Star and hand it over to the experts of the Huaxia Genetic Research Institute to study, is it possible to improve the quantum chip technology of the Huaxia Sector?”

“The Huaxia Genetic Research Institute should have such a chip. They regard it as a treasure and have produced results. However, the research progress is relatively slow. Believe me, I am suitable to study this next-generation quantum chip. Besides, aren’t the things I developed yours?” Ah Huang said.

“That’s true.”

Ah Huang was becoming more and more human. Its personal will became more and more obvious during its conversation with Xu Tui.

At that moment, Xu Tui followed Ah Huang’s request and forcefully opened the data center of the command center. He found the next-generation chip that Ah Huang had mentioned. There were three of them.

They were three extremely precise-looking rectangular objects the size of a pinky. Xu Tui casually put them into the alloy shield box that had been used to store Tri Ling Ding. Then, under Ah Huang’s guidance, he destroyed the data pathway here until it could not be destroyed anymore.

At this moment, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and the others finally rushed over because the energy protection barrier had disappeared.

“Three people in a team. Search the entire base and draw a topographic map. Test the strength of the buildings and mark the exit. Find the location of the guard post and the station.”

Under Xu Tui’s orders, the Worldly Special Force began to search the entire Base 14.

This Base 14 was not large. Previously, it had an energy protection shield. Now that the energy protection shield was gone, it was actually just three buildings and an ore refinement center.

Among the buildings, the command center was the tallest. It was three and a half floors above ground and one floor below ground. The other two buildings were living areas, one floor below ground and three floors above ground.

The basement level was mainly made up of warehouses and various functional facilities, such as kitchens. There were also large quantities of eco-planting chambers on the roof. There were all kinds of common vegetables and fruits that humans could eat.

An energy reactor was discovered below the left side of the ore refinement area.

The energy reactor was still running, but because the command center was paralyzed, the energy could not be output.

Xu Tui adjusted the operating power of the energy reactor to the minimum after he interrogated the unconscious adjutant. It was obvious that the adjutant, who had been hypnotized and interrogated twice by Spiritual Concealment, had a certain resistance.