Chapter 785 - 785 Reactor Input And Self-Destruction Program (2)

785 Reactor Input and Self-destruction Program (2)

The mental hammer instantly smashed down again. However, this time, Yin Ji had learned his lesson. A layer of flickering energy protection had already covered his entire body.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer landed. He only swayed slightly. It did not affect the frequency of his attacks.

Dense energy beams blasted fiercely onto the frost puppet. The huge frost puppet instantly shattered on the spot, and a small puppet doll fell out.

“Fire Slip!” Xu Tui roared in his mind. He used his mind power to mobilize the energy of the red fire slip.

The red light instantly surged out and rushed into the genetic ability chain of the Mountain Formula. Almost at the same time, another flying sword whistled out and shot towards Yin Ji.

Yin Ji only sneered. The energy protective barrier around his body became even thicker. With the energy input from the reactor, he was not afraid of an attack of this level.

The flying sword naturally failed to hit him. However, the Mountain Formula on it seemed to be carrying a huge mountain as it smashed the huge Yin Ji to the ground.

The energy shield on Yin Ji’s body flickered crazily and almost shattered.

Yin Ji was shocked!

Originally, this was an excellent opportunity to kill Yin Ji. However, the collapse of the water puppet caused an opening to appear in the defense in front of Xu Tui. More than 20 Mechanical Spirits had already begun to attack Xu Tui.

He could only deal with the situation at hand. While the Earth Spike Mountain Formula was taking turns to attack, Xu Tui threw out another specially-made water bag.

There was only five milliliters of water inside. The moment the water bag was thrown out, the water puppet activated again. The water puppet doll that had fallen to the ground was useless. The Origin Crystals inside had been exhausted.

This time, a five-meter-tall frost giant appeared. It had shrunk by more than a meter.

At the same time, Yin Ji, who had been knocked down, stood up again.

Yin Ji already knew that his main opponent was Xu Tui. But this time, Yin Ji sent Cui Xi flying with a shot. Cui Xi’s Vajra Barrier shattered on the spot, and the vine armor on his body instantly shattered.

However, in less than two seconds, Xu Tui had already cleared out the Mechanical Spirits in front of him. He also materialized the water puppet and freed his hand again.

This time, there were three flying swords circling. The Mountain Formula and the other flying sword shot out at the same time. The main flying sword circled.

The red light of the Fire Slip surged into the Mountain Formula again.

Without any suspense, Yin Ji, who had just stood up, was once again smashed to the ground by the immense force of the Mountain Formula’s flying sword.

What amazed him was the third flying sword. It did not slash at Yin Ji. Instead, he slashed at the energy path behind Yin Ji. The moment it slashed down, the flying sword and sword light instantly enlarged. A sword light that was more than ten meters long instantly slashed down behind Yin Ji.

Boom!

As the light vibrated, the energy connection between Yin Ji and the reactor was instantly severed.

“Fire Slip!”@@novelbin@@

The red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind surged with red light again. This time, it was the Mountain Formula that surged in.

The Mountain Flying Sword roared again and slashed down.

Crack!

The extremely thick energy shield on Yin Ji’s body could no longer withstand Xu Tui’s double attack with the help of the Fire Slip after he lost the massive amount of energy from the base reactor.

It shattered on the spot!

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s main flying sword charged forward like a shadow. It wanted to break through Yin Ji’s energy core.

However, Yin Ji was also impressive.

The two cannon barrels turned into a defensive shield in front of him.

The main flying sword passed through, but the remaining momentum disappeared. But Yin Ji’s cannon-like arms were also destroyed.

At this moment, Yin Ji suddenly had a feeling that the situation was over. This was especially so for the earthen yellow flying sword that had knocked him to the ground several times just now. Yin Ji knew that he would definitely die if the earthen yellow-colored flying sword attacked him again. He knew that this was his last moment! He had thought about it, but he had never expected it to be so fast.

“Activate!” Yin Ji roared with the last of his strength. His voice was like a loudspeaker, deafening everyone.

At the same time, Yin Ji’s entire body was deformed by the mountain-shaped flying sword, but he did not die on the spot.

This surprised Yin Ji. This earthen yellow-colored flying sword was much weaker than before. However, before he could react, the mental hammer and the main flying sword struck down at the same time. It instantly exploded his energy core!

At the same time, in the command hall of Base T-14, Yin Ji’s adjutant’s mechanical fingers trembled when he heard Yin Ji’s explosive roar.

He had to self-destruct!

He was about to activate the base’s self-destruction program. He was a little afraid and hesitant. In that case, even he would be destroyed. However, he only hesitated for a moment because in the image displayed, his clansmen were being killed at an unprecedented speed.

The commander, Yin Ji, had also died in battle.

The commander was so strong. Instead of being killed by the enemy, it was better to die in the self-destruction of the base. That way, there would be no pain.

After hesitating for a moment, the adjutant determinedly began to implement the self-destruction program. However, the self-destruction program of any base or facility had all kinds of complicated security key programs.

Otherwise, he would have gone overboard if he activated it by mistake.

Moreover, the self-destruction program of their T-14 base was divided into three steps. The first step was to activate the self-destruction program of the spirit colonies. The second step was to activate the self-destruction of the mineral refinement equipment. The third step was to activate the self-destruction of the main base.

Every step required a key and identification. It did not take long, but it took a few seconds. The adjutant immediately activated the first step of the self-destruction program, the Spiritual Embodiment Self-destruction program.

Identification confirmed. The key was entered and the self-destruction was confirmed again. It took less than three seconds.

The moment the adjutant pressed the confirm button, a small ring on the necks of the thousands of humanoid creatures who had returned to their rooms in the base’s living area emitted a dazzling light.

No matter what those humanoid creatures were doing, they all twitched and fell to the ground. They were instantly dead.

The moment the small rings lit up, a tentacle-like mechanical creation reached out from the roof of each room and placed itself on the rings around the necks of these humanoid creatures.

Light circulated. Countless lights began to flow through special pipes and gathered at the designated location. The adjutant was also anxiously looking at the countdown to the self-destruction of the Spiritual Embodiment on the screen.

The countdown was only five seconds. Usually, it would only take the blink of an eye, but at this moment, it was extremely slow. Every second felt like a year!

Before the countdown ended, the adjutant glanced at the safety door that had fallen behind him. The safety door and the energy defense at the innermost part of the command hall should be able to support him in completing all the self-destruction procedures.

“When I complete the self-destruction program… The command center should give me a warrior medal… I might even become a hero…” While he was deep in thought, an inexplicable daze assaulted him. The adjutant did not know what he was feeling, but he had fallen into a hypnotic state.

At the same time, Xu Tui finally heaved a sigh of relief in the living area. He had stopped him! Otherwise, once the base self-destruction program was activated, all of them would probably be reduced to ashes.

...

At that time, he wondered if Principal Cai’s life-saving card could withstand it.

Xu Tui knew that the Mechanical Spirit Clan had a backup plan when Yin Ji shouted “activate” before he died.

According to the summary of the battles on the Blue Star over the years, some of the Mechanical Spirit’s battle fortresses and tools had a self-destruction program. If they encountered the Mechanical Spirit’s battle equipment, they had to be careful in this aspect.

He spread out his mental perception and discovered the adjutant.

Clearly, this adjutant might be the final executor of Yin Ji’s orders. At the same time, he sensed the thousands of human-like creatures. However, just as he sensed it, the thousands of human-like creatures instantly lost all their vitality.

The silver ring on their necks and the mechanical hands that seemed to be transmitting data shocked Xu Tui. He broke out in cold sweat.

What exactly were the alien invaders doing?

However, Xu Tui was only stunned for half a second before he immediately activated his spiritual resonance and used advanced hypnosis. At the same time, the mental hammer and quantum entanglement energy teleportation were also prepared.

If advanced hypnosis failed, he would use the mental hammer to stop the adjutant.

Fortunately, the advanced hypnosis was successful.

In less than a minute, the remaining enemies of the Mechanical Spirit Race were all wiped out.

...