Chapter 784 - 784 Reactor Input And Self-Destruction Program (1)

784 Reactor Input and Self-destruction Program (1)

Only four people had rushed in. They did not meet Xu Tui’s expectations, but it was not the worst-case scenario.

The flying sword instantly shot out and began to destroy the fixed energy jets first. This thing was very lethal once it started to focus fire.

“Let me do it!” Accompanied by Yang Huai’s loud roar, a protective energy barrier rose around Yang Huai’s body. The energy field surged into the small shield in his left hand, instantly turning the small shield in his left hand into a huge object that looked like a tower shield.

With the hammer in his right hand, Yang Huai had already rushed to the frontline like a whirlwind and faced the 20-odd Mechanical Spirits charging at him.

!!

Among them, three Mechanical Spirits were in high-level human form. Their auras fluctuated, and they were all at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

As expected of the Martial Champion of the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College. He blocked off a direction alone. Now, it would depend on how long he could last.

“Nine o’clock.” Xu Tui only said three words before Yan Lie instantly disappeared. “You go too!”

These words were directed at Cui Xi.

Cui Xi, who had drunk a mouthful of Level B Active Energy Elixir, grinned and charged in the direction where Yan Lie had disappeared.

Almost the moment Cui Xi and Yan Lie charged over, more than 40 Mechanical Spirits had already charged out of the exit in that direction. There were seven high-level human-shaped mechanical spirits.

At the same time, Xu Tui suddenly sensed strands of mind power bursting out of Cui Xi and Yang Huai.

The vine armor that Cui Xi had damaged just now regenerated crazily. The vine armor on Yang Huai’s body that was destroyed when he fought the enemy also began to recover. Mu Xingluan stuck close to the energy barrier and continuously repaired the vine armor for the two of them.

As for the others, they could only stare.

“Don’t get too close to the protective shield. Be careful that the energy shield has an offensive function!”

More and more Mechanical Spirits surged out from all directions. There were more than 100 of them in a short period of time. Among them, the ratio of high-level human-shaped Mechanical Spirits, which was also the Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Evolution Realm, exceeded 15%.@@novelbin@@

“Boss, the energy aura of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert has been detected. It’s very strong!” The voice of Tri Ling Ding suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

It was also at this moment that Yin Ji, who was as tall as a mechanical giant, suddenly jumped down from the second-floor hall. The moment he landed on the ground, his arms turned into two huge multi-wheeled cannons. Dozens of torrents instantly poured toward Xu Tui.

The mental hammer instantly smashed down. At the same time, he materialized the original quantum life frequency of Yin Ji.

Bang!

Under the hammer, Yin Ji’s entire body swayed. His mechanical legs stood extremely stable, but the cannon fire that had just begun had clearly stopped.

Xu Tui had wanted to take advantage of the situation and launch a series of attacks to kill the Mechanical Spirit. However, during the continuous barrage of gunfire, at least 50 Mechanical Spirits had already surrounded Xu Tui. Seven of them were at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

It instantly drowned Xu Tui.

At the same time, Yang Huai, Cui Xi, and Yan Lie also fell into a bitter battle. The situation was more serious than they had imagined.

Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and the others outside the energy protection shield attacked the energy protection shield like crazy. However, the energy protection shield supported by the reactor was extremely powerful. The entire energy protection shield did not move.

A six-meter-tall frost giant rolled out in front of Xu Tui. It blocked a large number of enemies for Xu Tui with its body. The Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula surged like crazy at this moment. They were all instantly killed. Whether it was the Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Evolution Realm or the Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Mutation Realm, they were all instantly killed.

Xu Tui had already pushed the mind power enhancement necklace to its limits. The amplitude had reached 18.5%.

This was the first time Xu Tui had activated his mind power enhancement necklace. However, there were many Mechanical Spirits. There were nearly 200 enemies pouring out. The only fortunate thing was that no more enemies appeared. Otherwise, Xu Tui would have to use his ultimate move and use the life-saving cards given by the two teachers or Principal Cai.

The commander of this base, Yin Ji, had already recovered from the shock of the mental hammer.

Looking at the abnormally powerful Xu Tui, Yin Ji suddenly stomped his foot. A few transparent rays of light suddenly shot out of his body and reached into the main body of the building.

“Transfer the energy to the reactor. I want to maintain the super energy output!” Yin Ji roared!

Almost instantly, the light of the energy protective shield dimmed slightly. Yin Ji’s entire body seemed to have been charged and became extremely bright. He casually blasted the cannon barrel forward, and a dazzling light blasted towards Yang Huai.

Yang Huai raised his shield agilely, but in an instant, the shield maintained by his energy field shattered on the spot, and he was sent flying. If not for the protection of the vine armor, Yang Huai would have lost his ability to fight.

Xu Tui cursed in his heart.

This was the first time he knew that this expert from the Mechanical Spirit Race could directly connect to the energy in the energy reactor to output. This characteristic was too abnormal. If he had an energy reactor, wouldn’t he be able to maintain a high lethality output?

It would be too abnormal if it was used for defense!

One was equivalent to countless!

In just a few seconds, Xu Tui had killed more than 30 Mechanical Spirits. However, there were too many of them.

When he saw that Yin Ji was aiming his gun-like arms at him again, Xu Tui suddenly lowered the Mountain Formula and protected his side. He handed the front to the water puppet. As for the right side, Xu Tui planned to rely on the Vajra Barrier to withstand it.