Chapter 783 - 783 Another Direction And Authorization Moment (2)

783 Another Direction and Authorization Moment (2)

“In battle, if this Thousand Vines Armor is damaged, I can help them speed up their recovery,” Mu Xingluan said.

This ability was really awesome!

“Then give one to a few Mystery Branch students and Yan Lie,” Xu Tui said.

Mu Xingluan, who had been recognized, was quite happy. She even looked at Xu Tui. “Commander, do you want one?”

!!

Xu Tui looked at the dark green vine hat on Cui Xi’s head and shook his head with a smile. “I… Forget it. I have thick skin.”

“Then I’m going!”@@novelbin@@

Before Cui Xi could react, Zhao Hailong laughed. “This… is quite good. If you have enough time, get me one too. I don’t want a hat!”

“A hat?” Cui Xi was stunned. He looked at his dark green body and suddenly reacted. However, he had a nonchalant expression. “Hailong, what are you laughing at? The commander is no longer single. You and I are both single. We don’t even have the chance to wear a hat.”

This… was a little heartbreaking! Zhao Hailong’s smile instantly froze. That’s right. Even if they had a dark green banner, it’s no use because they are single dogs.

“The mining cart is coming. Go!”

In the next moment, Cui Xi suddenly darted out of the ambush point and charged towards the track on the side of the alien base like a ferocious tiger. Almost at the same time, the alarm in the alien base rang. Energy transmitters, one after another, lit up.

In the hall on the top floor of the alien base, the commander of Base T-14, who was resting, suddenly sat up straight.

“Reporting, Sir. Humans on the Blue Star are approaching rapidly!”

“Number!”

“One!”

“Intensify the search and see if there are any other Blue Star humans around!”

“Yes, sir! Should we send out a combat team?”

“Get the elite combat team of Division 1 to be prepared to fight at any time! The other combat units enter a state of alert and be in position.”

“Chang Ming, your orders have been issued. May I ask how the spirit colonies that are resting now will be dealt with?”

“All of them return to their rooms until the battle alert is lifted!”

At this moment, Cui Xi had already rushed in front of the mining cart. The monorail mining cart happened to be speeding over.

With a loud roar, the energy field around him erupted with a faint golden color. Cui Xi’s alloy staff, which had been specially customized in the extra-terrestrial, suddenly supported itself on the monorail.

Bang!

Even though the monorail mining cart was filled with more than ten tons of ore, it was still flipped over by Cui Xi’s staff with a loud bang.

The moment Cui Xi stopped, more than 20 energy generators near Cui Xi in the alien base blasted towards him. He could not avoid this wave!

In the command hall of the alien base, Yin Ji’s expression changed when he saw the mine cart flip over. “Damn it, they’re actually going to destroy our mines. Are there any results from the scan?”

“Sir, we are scanning the area. There are abnormal energy fluctuations, but we are not sure yet…”

“Order the elite combat team of Division 1 to attack. The rest of you, enter the combat positions and be on guard.”

In the video, Cui Xi, who had survived a round of attacks, threw his alloy staff at the single track. He intended to destroy this monorail! It was also this action that made the base commander, Yin Ji, anxious. It was fine if he destroyed the mining cart, but if the monorail was broken, it would be more troublesome to repair it, especially in wartime.

In that case, the mineral income would be gone for a period of time.

Minerals were one of their biggest targets. Otherwise, why would they come to this godforsaken planet? To drink wind?

“Sir, the order has been given!”

Almost at the same time, a 20-man Mechanical Spirit battle team rushed out and passed through the energy protection shield of the life zone. They passed through the energy protection shield of the mine and rushed to where Cui Xi was.

At this moment, Cui Xi had already begun to welcome the third volley of energy jets.

In the first two rounds, not only did it melt Cui Xi’s two folding alloy shields into molten iron, but the Thousand Vine Armor was also greatly damaged.

Cui Xi’s mutated Vajra Barrier fluctuated wildly. Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. The moment the first Mechanical Spirit combat unit rushed out of the energy protection shield, Xu Tui shouted, “Attack!”

He was the first to rush out. The moment he rushed out, the flying sword had already soared into the sky.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The sound of Zhao Hailong and Tao Guan’s arrows piercing through the air also rang out. However, their first wave of targets was the nearby energy launchers. The arrow condensed from the energy field slammed into the alert energy launcher and instantly exploded.

The third wave of concentrated fire landed on Cui Xi. At the same time, the Mechanical Spirit battle team also focused their fire on Cui Xi from afar.

Cui Xi’s situation became extremely dangerous. Mu Xingluan, who was running, suddenly twisted her hands together. Almost at the same time, the damaged vines on Cui Xi’s body grew crazily again.

Bang!

When Cui Xi was sent flying, the Mountain Formula blasted down and killed five Mechanical Spirits on the spot.

Xu Tui’s flying sword darted out and accurately picked off the access cards of the five Mechanical Spirits. It only took an instant.

The members of the Worldly Special Force who had killed their way out finally shared Cui Xi’s firepower.

Blood seeped out of the corner of Cui Xi’s mouth as he stood up and attacked again.

“Old Cui, don’t pick up the card yet!”

Xu Tui had already arrived in front of Cui Xi while he was communicating. The others were also close. The 20 alien combat elites were scum in front of the top geniuses of the Blue Star.

“Let’s go! Pick up the card and rush in!” Cui Xi picked up a pass without hesitation. The other pass also landed in Xu Tui’s hand.

Then, Xu Tui and Cui Xi charged toward the energy protection shield of the mine at lightning speed. The access card fluctuated slightly. Xu Tui and Cui Xi instantly rushed in. No, Yan Lie should be included!

Yan Lie also rushed in when Xu Tui and Cui Xi rushed in.

“Quick, the living area!” Xu Tui did not stop. His flying sword continued to flash and dance. It destroyed the nearby energy jets and killed the Mechanical Spirit that he could touch.

In the command hall, Yin Ji screamed, “No, their target is to get the pass and rush in. Quick, change the parameters of the pass. We can’t let them rush in! Do it in five seconds!”

“Sir, I need time!” Yin Ji’s adjutant was so anxious that his voice became high-pitched. “I need to find the 20 missing access cards and cancel the relevant access rights!”

...

“Idiot! Close all access cards!” Yin Ji stood up and cursed.

Yin Ji’s adjutant thought about it and agreed. However, Xu Tui, Yan Lie, and Cui Xi had already passed through the energy protection shield in the living area. Still, the adjutant still decisively pressed on the button to cancel all access rights.

The members of the Worldly Special Force who had just picked up the pass were rushing towards the energy protection shield in the living area.

Yang Huai, who had been charging at full speed at the beginning, instantly passed through the energy protection barrier. However, in the next moment, Zhao Hailong, Tao Guan, and the slower Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and the others all collided with the energy protection barrier.

All access rights had been canceled!

“Everyone, participate in the battle and destroy the invaders! Wait here and be prepared to activate the destruction program at any time!” Yin Ji shouted and rushed towards the command hall.