Chapter 788 - 788 Harvest At The Base (2)

788 Harvest at the Base (2)

This time, the adjutant realized that he had been captured. He was even hypnotized! He struggled out of his hypnotic state several times. His willpower was very strong.

In this state, Xu Tui killed him after a few attempts. Captives were useful, but it was too dangerous to keep them. There might be some facilities in the alien base. It would be troublesome if they were not careful and were activated.

Moreover, when his willpower was strongly awakened, he might obtain the wrong information. He might as well kill him!

During this period, the exploration of the entire base by the other members of the Worldly Special Force was almost completed.

There were a total of 862 rooms in the base. 1,046 humanoid corpses were found. 300 grams of spare Origin Crystals were collected from the emergency warehouse of the base. 132 grams of Origin Crystals were found from the bodies of the Mechanical Spirits who had died in battle.

The Mechanical Spirits on this unknown planet were different from Mars after they died in battle. After the Mechanical Spirits on Mars died in battle, their limbs would disintegrate and escape.

The Mechanical Spirits here would do the same after they died in battle. However, after the Mechanical Spirits here died in battle, their disintegrating limbs would go near the closest member of their race.

All of the Mechanical Spirits in Base 14 were killed. But it must have been because of the energy protective shield separating them, so the 200-odd almost complete Mechanical Spirit corpses were the greatest gains from this battle.

This was especially so for Yin Ji. The Mechanical Spirit Alloy around him was all Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy. The Mechanical Spirit Alloy near the energy core was even Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

Yin Ji alone had made the Worldly Special Force a small fortune. However, his greatest gain was the ores in the warehouse. It was even refined. There were 47 tantalum metal blocks, each weighing 100 kilograms. There were also 14 refined metal blocks, each weighing 100 kilograms.

There were also six other precious metals. There were more than 100 pieces of each type. Every square was 100 kilograms.

“After obtaining this batch of gains, even if we don’t do anything during this space invasion, we will still profit as long as we defend this place to the death! After we go back, each of us will get at least a few hundred grams of Origin Crystals.” Cui Xi had a smile on his face.@@novelbin@@

“That’s right. Even if we eliminate the portion that is directly handed over and deduct the various teleportation fees, those who contributed greatly might even get more than a kilogram of Origin Crystals.”

In the past, the most they obtained in the space invasion was ores. Even a few tons of ore might not be able to produce such a metal ingot.

This time, the 685 metal ingots were equivalent to obtaining thousands of tons of ore. Most importantly, after refinement, the consumption of energy to transport it back would be decreased. Of course, it was not as if they had never encountered such a resource star in the past space invasions.

There were several times!

They had also had designs on the alien invaders’ base. Some of them had succeeded, but at most, they would snatch the mines. It was extremely rare for them to take down the alien invaders’ bases early.

There were two successful cases, but before the attack, the base of the alien invaders had activated the self-destruction program. They did not obtain anything and even sacrificed many people.

It was said that this was how the losses of the Haotian Special Force last year came about.

“Commander, these corpses…”

At the mention of the corpses of those humanoid creatures, everyone’s expressions turned ugly. It was really uncomfortable to watch. They even felt a little afraid after watching too much.

“Gather them and store them. Pick a few and seal them. When we return, we can send them for research.”

Whether these humanoid creatures were humans or Spirits, the members of the Worldly Special Force could not recognize them at the moment. In terms of size, they looked more like Blue Star humans. However, he needed a genetic comparison to confirm it.

However, the words ‘Spiritual Embodiment’ had already enveloped everyone’s hearts like a dark cloud. The words ‘Spiritual Embodiment’ had a slight meaning. Were these thousand humanoid creatures used by the alien invaders to colonize or rear them?

Why did they all die the moment the base was breached?

Xu Tui had checked it himself. There were no internal or external injuries, no signs of struggle. There was a pair of humanoid lifeforms who were still in a kissing posture. They were filled with immersion.

Death seemed to have happened in an instant.

“Commander, find this in the other equipment room. The special pipes in the rooms where all humanoid lifeforms died lead to this equipment room.” Tao Guan handed over a box.

The square silver-white box did not feel cold when he touched it. It even felt a little warm. Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. Was this the spiritual box that Lei Tui had mentioned?

Mental perception, penetrating perception!

It was ineffective!

“Keep it first.” Xu Tui casually threw it into his backpack. “It’s getting dark. Everyone, rest in the command hall for the night. The command hall has the best view. There are also alert positions.”

“Yes!”

The security hall was cleaned up. Other than the guards, everyone began to slowly chew on the compressed military rations and drink some compressed pure water. The food everyone brought was barely enough for 60 days. They would not be able to last for half a month if they ate as much as they wanted.

Of course, no matter how rich the taste of compressed military grain was, no one was willing to eat it freely. They might as well drink a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.

However, just drying the Energy Restoration Elixir was not enough.

But on the tenth day of the space invasion, food and medical bags would be added to the supplies that were airdropped every day. As for the food discovered in this base, who dared to eat it?

Xu Tui chewed on his rations and suddenly said, “Think about it. We’ll have a battle summary in ten minutes. Tell me what you think.”