Chapter 789 - 789 Harvest At The Base (3)

789 Harvest at the Base (3)

Everyone nodded. That was what they should do. It was normal for people to make mistakes in battle. It was impossible for anyone to move perfectly. However, they had to learn their lesson and avoid it next time.

“I made a mistake. After Cui Xi underwent the first round of concentrated fire, I should have advanced at full speed and followed the regiment commander closely. I shouldn’t have split my attention to blow up the energy jet. Even if I rushed over, Tao Guan would have been able to solve the problem. I’ll remember that in the future!” Zhao Hailong, who had blamed himself for hours, finally heaved a sigh of relief after saying this.

“I also made a mistake. I shouldn’t have protected Li Zheng and Xuejin during the charge. In fact, without my protection, they would have been injured at most, but I delayed the most important opportunity,” Luo Murong confessed honestly.

Xu Tui nodded.

!!

The reason why these two people did not rush in was the fundamental reason for today’s dangerous situation. As long as one of them rushed in, the situation would change completely. The others also roughly analyzed the situation. In the end, it was naturally Xu Tui’s summary.

“On the whole, I’m very satisfied with today’s battle. Everyone’s actions show that our Worldly Special Force is a team and not fighting for ourselves. My command was not too timely. I reflect on this. During the battle, I also discovered a few shortcomings. Everyone, including me, has to put in some effort in terms of speed in the future.

“In actual combat, movement speed is too important. Especially in the field. Secondly, from the perspective of actual combat, I think that Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan should increase their combat distance.

“Battle distance is too important in actual combat. Today is an example. Mu Xingluan can assist, while Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Miao Huanshan have the ability to assist, but they can only watch because of the distance,” Xu Tui said.

Li Zheng, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan had dejected expressions. Miao Huanshan said, “Commander, actually, we want to too. However, other than increasing our mind power, the only thing that can increase our combat distance is the genetic ability chain of mental perception.

“But there is no feasible way to activate the mental perception genetic ability chain at the moment.” I’ll provide you with a method.”

Xu Tui’s words made their eyes light up.

“As you all know, I’ve cultivated the School of General Senses. The entry requirement of the School of General Senses is mental perception. However, after meeting the requirement, you have to activate the secondary genetic ability chain, microscopic perception.

“At that time, Mr. Qu had given me a tool specially used to train my microscopic perception. According to him, there was a possibility of activating microscopic perception after a month or two of training.

“Based on that, if you continuously try to sense the furthest object with your mind power, you might be able to activate the genetic ability chain of mental perception,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, Li Zheng shook her head. “Commander, actually, many people have tried this method in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. The longest method was to train for almost two years without activating it. Of course, there were also some who successfully activated it. However, it’s hard to say if it’s not activated through similar training.”

“There’s a factor that you haven’t considered. No one dares to do it,” Xu Tui said.

“What factor?”

“Energy! The stupidest way to activate genetic base points is actually to stimulate the relevant genetic base points to continuously absorb energy after using a certain ability for a long time before reaching the level of activation.

“However, have you ever thought that if the energy in your bodies is overflowing, the continuous training will be even more stimulating to the relevant genetic base points?

“As long as the energy in your bodies is in a state of overflow, the relevant genetic base points will be consumed. Due to the energy pressure, the energy will immediately surge over. This will greatly increase the probability of you activating the genetic ability chain of mental perception.

“But the prerequisite was that you had to consume a large number of Energy Restoration Elixirs or even Origin Crystals to do such an ineffective cultivation. I think that you can give it a try,” Xu Tui said.

“Commander, in theory, it can work. Under normal circumstances, no one maintains the overflowing energy in their bodies during their training. That would be too wasteful. Let’s try it out when we get back,” Miao Huanshan said.

“After you return? It’s too late. Try it today. If you’re lucky and my theory is correct, your combat distance might increase in the next few days,” Xu Tui said.

“But Commander, we don’t have any extra Energy Restoration Elixirs.” Yan Xuejin was surprised.

“Here!” Xu Tui immediately took out the 400 grams of Origin Crystals he had obtained previously. “We must not delay the matter of increasing our strength. Origin Crystals can increase our strength in a short period of time. I split a total of 442 grams of Origin Crystals today.

“Splitting that kind of thing equally is a little low. There will be problems in the long run. I’ll split according to our contribution today, it will be the same in the future.

“There are a total of 17 portions. Each portion is exactly 26 grams of Origin Crystals. As the commander, I was also the one who killed Yin Ji. I will take three portions. Among them, Yang Huai, Yan Lie, Cui Xi, and Mu Xingluan, who were mainly participating in the battle, will each take two portions. The others will take one.

“This is the distribution for the time being. If you have any objections or dissatisfaction, raise it now and discuss it in person,” Xu Tui said.

“I have no objections.” Zhao Hailong was the first to express his stance. It was already good enough that he was not scolded or even punished for his performance today. If Xu Tui was slightly weaker, they would have died.

“I have no objections.”

Everyone agreed. When Xu Tui distributed the Origin Crystals, he said to Miao Huanshan and the others, “Actually, you can try. At most, you’ll waste more than ten grams of Origin Crystals.”

Miao Huanshan chuckled. The regiment commander’s words were generous. Wasting more than ten grams of Origin Crystals was enough for many people to break their heads on the moon, let alone the Blue Star.@@novelbin@@

Origin crystals had always been the most sought-after cultivation resources.

“This was an easy gain anyway. Let’s try! If we can really activate our mental perception, we’ll make a killing!” Miao Huanshan gritted his teeth.

Xu Tui nodded. This was actually part of his research.

“Commander, I have an idea. I want your approval!” Mu Xingluan suddenly raised her hand.