Chapter 793 - 793 Decision And New Discovery (3)

793 Decision and New Discovery (3)

“This hall should be where they train collectively,” Xu Tui said after carefully sensing the surroundings.

“However, this concentration is a little useless.” Li Zheng sensed for a moment and said, “The concentration is very low. It barely reaches the level of cultivation. Cultivating here for a night without sleep might only have an effect of 0.5 grams of Origin Crystals.”

Xu Tui looked at them and probed downward with his mind power. A few minutes later, he suddenly said, “I feel that the concentration of energy emanating from here is slowly becoming denser.”

“Indeed!” Luo Murong confirmed.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of the first night he came here. He had sensed Origin Energy in the wind. Would the concentration of energy here also increase with the sudden drop in the temperature outside?

“Transfer the position and set up alert equipment in the tunnel. Then, gather everyone here. According to the current increase in concentration, it is possible to cultivate for a night and absorb energy that is equivalent to 1 gram of Origin Crystals. That’s quite a lot.”

Everyone agreed. However, Xu Tui was wondering if the concentration of energy here would increase as the winds and low temperatures in the wilderness intensified.

In less than half an hour, Xu Tui’s guess was verified.

As the low temperature in the outside world intensified and the wind raged, the concentration of energy here began to increase rapidly. In just half an hour, it had doubled. An hour later, it doubled again.

After cultivating for two hours, he could absorb about one gram of Origin Crystals.

At this moment, everyone fell silent and focused on cultivating.

At this moment, picking it up was a gain!

In the seventh hour of the night, the concentration of energy here reached its peak. It was equivalent to absorbing one gram of Origin Crystal energy for about 15 minutes. After half an hour, the concentration began to decrease.

That night, most people insisted on cultivating until they were tired before they started to rest in batches.

As for Li Zheng, Miao Huanshan, Yan Xuejin, and Mu Xingluan, they began to cultivate the extreme mind power training method after the concentration of the energy decreased. Each of them prepared a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir and handed it over to Xu Tui to take care of.

At dawn, the four of them were pleasantly surprised.

The increase in Mu Xingluan’s mind power during her second cultivation was still close to 3%. The effect of the others’ first cultivation was between 4% to 5%.

The improvement was very gratifying.

However, under normal circumstances, the effects of the first three to four enhancements were the best. If they could hold on for three to four days, their total mind power would increase by more than 10%. This was a considerable increase.

The Energy Overflow Technique that they cultivated had also improved significantly today. Their combat distance had increased by two to five meters.

If they could persevere for a period of time, their combat ability would definitely reach another level!

On the other hand, Xu Tui had successfully strengthened three genetic base points to Level 3 gold overnight. He had only consumed 23 grams of Origin Crystals. The rest of his energy was absorbed.

On the fourth day of the space invasion, the others dealt with the spoils of war. Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and the others split into three teams to search for the fully automatic engineering robots that had been airdropped.

This concerned the transportation of future spoils of war. It was very important. Including the losses, it would probably take at least three to five units to satisfy the situation.

In the morning, when the teams started their missions, Xu Tui once again began to check on the movements of the various combat units through Tri Ling Ding.

At this moment, Xu Tui was surprised to discover that the size of Tri Ling Ding had become slightly larger. “What’s going on?”

“Origin energy. You guys were absorbing energy yesterday. I can also absorb some.” Tri Ling Ding was very honest.

“Display the movements of all your progenitors.”

“Alright, Boss!” Tri Ling Ding secretly absorbed a portion of the energy. After its body became slightly larger, the display became clearer.

A large number of light spots gathered on the surface of Tri Ling Ding. This should be the characteristic of those special forces and combat personnel gathered together.

Suddenly, Xu Tui saw two balls of light with dozens of spots. They seemed to be gathering and moving in this direction. Two of the spots of light were quite large.

But this did not exist yesterday.@@novelbin@@

Which battle group or special forces would it be?

It would be best if it was from the Huaxia Sector. Xu Tui might be able to change his battle plan.