Chapter 792 - 792 Decision And New Discovery (2)

792 Decision and New Discovery (2)

It could produce four to five different types of standard 100-kilogram metal ingots.

According to the rules of the space invasion, half of the ore profits of the various special forces had to be handed over. This was the cost of the space invasion and could be considered an investment profit.

However, even if the portion that was handed over was removed, according to the rules, a standard metal ingot could be exchanged for one to five grams of Origin Crystals according to the classification.

Of course, most of them could only be exchanged for one gram. Only the two types of metal ingots, namely tellurium and californium, could be exchanged for a little more.

However, even so, the benefits were very shocking.

Based on the calculations, the gains from a cart were five grams of Origin Crystals. 31 hours a day, 41 carts a day. He would earn at least 200 grams of Origin Crystals a day. That was the lowest standard.

If he persisted here for two months, he would earn at least 12,000 grams of Origin Crystals. Even after deducting the high teleportation fee, the per capita income of the members of the Worldly Special Force would probably be about 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

A thousand grams of Origin Crystals! If he exchanged it for money, he would be a billionaire on the Blue Star!

Giving up really required a lot of courage!

However, he could only enjoy all of this if he was alive. If he died in battle, it would only be a pile of dream data!

Xu Tui did not stay idle the entire afternoon. There was a natural cave at the bottom of a steep mountain stream more than 100 kilometers away from Base 14.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui used his mental perception to explore the area several times before he confirmed that there was no danger here. Now, he was waiting for the results of Zhao Hailong and the others.

During the 11th hour of the day, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, Miao Huanshan, and Li Zheng returned on time. Of course, their hands were empty. They did not discover any fully automatic engineering robots.

Only Luo Murong and Yan Lie did not return for a long time, but they did not send out a distress signal. Judging from Tri Ling Ding, the two of them were on their way back. They were not fast.

Xu Tui directly sent Zhao Hailong and Yang Huai to receive them.

An hour later, good news arrived. Luo Murong and Yan Lie found a fully automatic robot. This made Xu Tui overjoyed. With the transportation tool, the most difficult harvest for this big guy could be transported out first.

Otherwise, not to mention the other members, even Xu Tui himself would feel very uncomfortable if he gave up on leaving Base 14.

In this world, the hardest thing to part with was the benefits that he had already obtained!

The fully automatic robots released by the Blue Star could be said to be omnipotent. It could be transported, mined, and could also fly at a low altitude. The energy supply was provided by the ultra-micro fusion reactor, so he did not have to worry about energy problems.

However, it was also because it was omnipotent that its various functions were not outstanding.

In a low-altitude flying state, the maximum carrying capacity was only three tons. However, in a ground transportation state, the carrying capacity could reach 20 tons! With it, he would be able to transport all his current gains to the designated point and hide them in a day and a half at most.

Once these gains were handled, Xu Tui and the others could travel light. They could advance or retreat.

As for the future benefits, he had not obtained them yet.

He was pleasantly surprised to discover that after throwing the corpses of the 200 Mechanical Spirits into the ore refinement center, they were refined into standard 100-kilogram Mechanical Spirit Alloy Ingot.

Previously, he had been worried that the corpses of these Mechanical Spirits would not be easy to deal with because no one knew if the higher-level Mechanical Spirits could sense these corpses.

Now, after high-temperature refinement, these worries are all gone.

Nearly 300 Mechanical Spirit Alloy Ingots was another considerable income. It could be said that the Worldly Special Force had earned a lot from this space invasion.

When night fell, everyone could only retreat to their rooms, including the fully automatic engineering robot. It could only stop working and split a portion of its energy to form an energy shield.

Otherwise, the ultra-low temperature at night would make it lie down the next day.

Fortunately, this thing was intelligent and automatically sensed the changes in its surroundings. Otherwise, those that had already been released but had not been found would have been destroyed overnight. The Blue Star would have suffered a huge loss then.

“Commander, I might have made a different discovery.” Luo Murong suddenly found Xu Tui at night.

Under everyone’s puzzled gazes, Luo Murong led Xu Tui and the others to the building on the right of the command hall near the ore refinement center.

The basement floor of this large building was a relatively empty hall. His previous judgment was that it was a warehouse or a trash-filled warehouse. That was because there was a natural hole in the middle that looked rather huge.

He had not noticed it before. Now that Luo Murong had lured Xu Tui in, Xu Tui released his mental perception. His expression instantly changed. “Origin energy?”

“Yes, Commander. I was passing by here when I was solving a personal problem. I suddenly sensed energy. Although the concentration is low, it can definitely be used for cultivation. This might be an Energy Overflowing Tunnel.”

“This is a tasteful discovery!” Cui Xi, who had always loved to joke, added. Luo Murong glared at Cui Xi and held his golden saber. “Practice?”

Cui Xi quickly shook his head and shut up. He hid behind Zhao Hailong. His strength was inferior to others!

“It seems that this might be a cultivation hall specially used by the Mechanical Spirit Race. Energy shields have been set up around it. The energy that is dissipating from this tunnel can only gather in this room.”