Chapter 790 - 790 Hidden Danger Eliminated And The Possibility Of Counterattack

790 Hidden Danger Eliminated and the Possibility of Counterattack

“Commander, my mind power is a shortcoming. If my mind power was stronger, the Thousand Vines Armor that I can provide you with today would be stronger and recover faster. Therefore, I want to try your extreme mind power cultivation method today. If I succeed, my total mind power can increase by about 10% after a few days. This increase is very impressive.@@novelbin@@

“Of course, I knew that we are on an unknown planet and might encounter danger at any time. However, I had already made detailed deductions. I had already taken out a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir and prepared it. I would faint if I trained with the extreme mind power cultivation method.

“If anything happens, Sister Li, who is looking after me, would inject me with this bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. I’ll wake up in 30 seconds at most. Furthermore, my mind power can be quickly recovered to a certain extent.” Mu Xingluan had clearly considered it for a long time. She explained it in detail.

“Agreed.” Xu Tui only considered it for a moment before agreeing.

He had obtained a lot of valuable information from the adjutant today.

For example, at night on this planet, when the temperature was extremely low and the wind was raging, the activity of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s bodies would rapidly decrease. If it was any serious, it would cause their bodies to disintegrate and die.

Therefore, the Mechanical Spirit Race could not act recklessly at night. Even if they forced themselves to pass through, their strength and bodies would be greatly affected.

Basically, it was much safer at night than during the day. Of course, he could not be careless. Moreover, Mu Xingluan’s plan was indeed feasible. Thirty seconds in exchange for a 10% increase in Mu Xingluan’s support strength was very worth it!

“Thank you, Commander. In addition, during the process of my cultivation, please pay attention to my condition. If anything happens, please treat me in time,” Mu Xingluan said.

“Don’t worry.”

The rooms in the base were much more comfortable than the temporary shelter built with tents. As the temperature outside quickly dropped to minus 30 degrees Celsius, it was still decreasing. Other than the two people on guard, everyone else, including Xu Tui, had entered a cultivation state.

This would be the style of the Worldly Special Force for a long time to come. No matter how bitter and tired he was, he had to cultivate before resting and sleeping!

Compared to the attempts of others, Xu Tui’s cultivation was much easier. He had to train his energy field every day, but he could not train his mind power.

Once Xu Tui’s current mind power was exhausted, it would take him a longer time to recover. He would need at least ten hours of high-quality sleep.

As a result, Xu Tui began to focus on consuming the Origin Crystals. He had obtained 112 grams of Origin Crystals from Trich and the others on the first day. Today, Xu Tui had obtained another 78 grams of Origin Crystals based on his contribution. The total income of 190 grams of Origin Crystals was an astronomical figure for most genetic newcomers.

Many people only earned 10 to 20 grams of Origin Crystals after working hard for a year. According to past statistics, more than 60% of the students participating in Mars’ actual combat earned less than 10 grams of Origin Crystals.

50% of the members of the special forces who participated in the space invasion had a total gain between 30 grams to 50 grams of Origin Crystals.

The first dividend of the Worldly Special Force was as high as 26 grams of Origin Crystals. It was only the second day of the battle.

There was no need to mention Xu Tui’s total income.

Xu Tui had used those gains to strengthen all his Level 3 genetic base points.

Tonight, he chose to strengthen the genetic base points of Spiritual Resonance and Advanced Hypnosis. He strengthened three more genetic base points to Level 3 Gold for the Spiritual Resonance, and strengthened one genetic base point to Level 3 Gold for the Advanced Hypnosis.

It was mainly because Xu Tui wanted to use the Spiritual Lock. If he wanted the effect to be better, the effect would be stronger if he had more Level 3 genetic base points for spiritual resonance.

As the level of strengthening of the genetic base points in Xu Tui’s body increased, the speed at which he absorbed Origin Energy also increased.

Currently, Xu Tui could absorb more than ten grams of Origin Crystals in an hour and strengthen his Level 2 genetic base points to Level 3 gold.

It was almost twice as fast as before.

Four Level 3 genetic base points consumed 62 grams of Origin Crystals. It took Xu Tui more than five hours. Then, he sensed Mu Xingluan’s mind power state. It was very stable. He also sensed his surroundings and fell asleep. He had to use sleep to ensure that his mind power was at a high level at all times. Xu Tui had consumed a lot of his mind power during the battle during the day.

The next morning, Xu Tui was woken up by Tao Guan’s laughter.

“I feel that the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Ability Chain Expansion Technique that the regiment commander mentioned is really effective. After my cultivation last night, I felt that the duration of my energy field had suddenly increased. It should be 26 minutes now. I’m not too sure about the increase in energy field power, but I feel that it will definitely be useful.” Tao Guan shared his joy excitedly.

“I feel that it has also improved, but it might take another day or two to see the obvious efficiency,” Luo Murong said.

While everyone was chatting and laughing excitedly, Mu Xingluan, who had fainted after undergoing the extreme mind power cultivation technique last night, woke up after sleeping for 11 hours.

As soon as she woke up, Li Zheng and Yan Xuezhu surrounded her. Miao Huanshan also surrounded her. Just as the big face approached, Mu Xingluan let out a scream and kicked Miao Huanshan down.

“What-what are you doing?” Clearly, Mu Xingluan was a little confused. Miao Huanshan, who had reacted, was confused. Was he being treated as a pervert?

It was Yan Xuejin who explained for him. “Xingluan, Little Miao just wanted to ask you about the efficiency of your cultivation. He was too anxious and scared you.”

Xu Tui found this scene extremely funny.

Two minutes later, Mu Xingluan, who had closed her eyes and sensed for a while, suddenly said in surprise, “The effect of the first time is much better than I imagined. It’s not too precise, but the increase in my total mind power is above 4%. It might be close to 5%!”

“The better the effect the first time, the more the accumulated total might increase. Use this method to cultivate a few more times. The increase in your total mind power should exceed 10%,” Xu Tui said.

“Thank you, Commander. If you hadn’t taught us, my mind power would have increased too slowly.” Mu Xingluan smiled, revealing a pair of canine teeth.

“What about you guys? Did it have any effect?” Xu Tui asked Miao Huanshan and Yan Xuejin.

“I cultivated for five hours last night, but I don’t seem to feel anything…” Miao Huanshan said.

“Try it out. The furthest combat distance is very easy to measure,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!” Thirty seconds later, shock appeared in Miao Huanshan’s eyes. “F*ck, my combat distance has increased from 75 meters to 79 meters. An increase of four meters? According to my previous experience, I had to cultivate my mind power bitterly for a month or two before I could increase the combat distance by three to four meters. It’s effective!”

Miao Huanshan looked at Xu Tui in a daze. Joy suddenly flashed in his eyes.

Mental perception was an ability that even Mystery Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm experts had to spend a considerable price to think of a way to activate.

If they could activate it…

However, he felt extremely pained when he thought about the expenses he had spent last night. He had used a total of two grams of Origin Crystals according to Xu Tui’s method last night.

“It seems to be effective. I persisted in cultivating for two hours last night and used a gram of Origin Crystal. My combat distance increased by more than a meter,” Li Zheng said.

“I persisted in training for three hours last night and used one gram of Origin Crystal. The combat distance has expanded by more than two meters,” Yan Xuejin said in surprise.

“It should be effective if you persevere. You should have activated some of the genetic base points of your mental perception. Once it is completely activated, your combat distance will greatly increase,” Xu Tui said.

“Thank you, Commander. Your cultivation technique is too f*cking useful.”

As Miao Huanshan spoke, everyone expressed their thanks. Xu Tui generously accepted everyone’s thanks. At the same time, he said, “These cultivation techniques are very useful, but the risks are unknown.

“I believe that the rest of you will provide us with more cultivation tips at the cultivation exchange and sharing meeting of the Worldly Special Force in the future. However, in order to protect the privacy and rights of these cultivation providers, I am prepared to use the Spiritual Lock on all the members of the Worldly Special Force!”

“Spiritual Lock?” Zhao Hailong looked puzzled. “Commander, it’s said that only big shots of the School of Radiation Influence can use the Spiritual Lock. In the entire Huaxia Sector, there are only three to five big shots who can use the Spiritual Lock. Commander, who are you going to invite?”

“There’s no need to invite anyone. When I came, Principal Cai gave me a Spiritual Lock Origin Crystal ability seal card that he got from somewhere. He said that it could be used when it was suitable. He said that it could guarantee absolute trust between the core members of the special forces under most circumstances. I think we can use it today.”

Xu Tui did not even blink when he came up with a lie. It was reasonable to push the blame to Cai Shaochu.

...

Would anyone present ask Cai Shaochu for verification?

“Do you have any objections? I’ve thought about it. There are two confidentiality rules for your visualization later. The first is that you must not tell anyone about the cultivation techniques exchanged by the other members of the Worldly Special Force without the permission of the original owner.

“Secondly, our Worldly Special Force is now united in honor and disgrace. No one is allowed to reveal the strength and characteristics of the 11 members of the special force, including some specific combat information.” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui looked at everyone. “Do you have any additional comments or opinions?

“Those who are unwilling can also raise their hands. Otherwise, the mental backlash after violating the spiritual lock will be rather serious,” Xu Tui said.

“I have no problem with that.” Cui Xi and Yan Lie were the first to agree. Then, the others agreed.

No one was stupid enough to object. Even if he had doubts, he would not object. It was just a normal confidential spiritual lock. Almost everyone enjoyed the benefits. At this moment, anyone who objected was almost committing suicide in the Worldly Special Force.

“Alright, after I tear open the card later, you guys focus on chanting the rules until the Spiritual Lock is completed. You only have one chance. Don’t get distracted,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

Thirty seconds later, after everyone closed their eyes, Xu Tui casually tore open a piece of paper. However, Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance instantly enveloped everyone. Then, there was advanced hypnosis, spiritual concealment. The three abilities worked together at the same time and formed a spiritual lock through the self-strengthening of all the members.

The members of the Blue Star Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization had similar methods of anti-hypnosis and anti-interrogation training. However, only high-level members could enjoy them. Furthermore, their standards were lower than Xu Tui’s.

Xu Tui’s current level of use of the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence was close to that of Professor Song Zhenglin.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when the spiritual lock was completed. A hidden danger had been temporarily eliminated. After all, the thoughts of the Planetary realm powerhouse, Itavi, were too terrifying!

...

“Today is the third day of the space invasion. There are two missions today. The first is to try to repair the ore refinement field, and the second is to explore the surrounding terrain and prepare for a possible battle or even a retreat,” Xu Tui said.

“Retreat?” Zhao Hailong was a little surprised.

Xu Tui nodded heavily.

Xu Tui had to consider the threat of Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, who was even higher than the commander of Base 1, Yin Zhou.

From all the signs, the possibility of the enemy sending reinforcements to counterattack was very high.