Chapter 791 - 791 Decision And New Discovery (1)

791 Decision and New Discovery (1)

With Base 14 in the valley as their base, the days of the Worldly Special Force were actually more comfortable. The sense of security and comfort brought about by the heavy buildings was not something that a temporary shelter formed by tents could compare to.

The group members were split into groups to carry out their assigned missions. Daytime on this planet was 16 hours long. A day and night was close to 31 hours. Daytime was still very sufficient.

Under Ah Huang’s intervention, there were already plans to repair and restart the ore refinement center.

Cui Xi, Yang Huai, Yan Lie, Tao Guan, and Luo Murong were cleaning up. There had been a certain amount of destruction in the previous battle. However, Luo Murong, who was wearing a custom-made Hanfu-style combat uniform, looked exceptionally strange cleaning up the cave here.

Xu Tui watched from afar and smiled. It was a sin to let a young man like Luo Murong clean up the soil. However, he only smiled. After the smile, Xu Tui’s brows furrowed. He had a headache!

The next decision might affect the life and death of the Worldly Special Force. Xu Tui had a headache.

“What’s wrong, Commander? I saw that you were frowning today. What are you worried about?” After he finished speaking, Zhao Hailong looked at Xu Tui and said, “If there’s anything that’s inconvenient to do, you can leave it to me. Our positions, no matter how big or small, should be the same.”

Zhao Hailong’s words made Xu Tui trust him completely.

“Yesterday, in the command center of the base, the commander-in-chief of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Yin Zhou, said something that made me feel a little scared,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“What words?”

“He said that with our strength, it’s impossible for us to break into the energy protection shield of Base 14. The time we spent fighting Yin Ji and the others was very short. Yin Ji and the others did not have time to report the situation at all.”

Zhao Hailong did not think much of it when he heard that, but he immediately frowned. “Commander, are you saying that the commander-in-chief of the Mechanical Spiritual Race here has a clear judgment of our strength?”

“I’m more inclined to use the word ‘understanding’,” Xu Tui said.

Zhao Hailong’s expression turned ugly. “Traitor? There’s a traitor in this space invasion? Or rather, a traitor within the six alliances?”

“It’s all possible. It’s also possible that it’s the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization! What I’m worried about is that no matter where the traitor comes from, it would be a disaster if he’s in this space invasion!”

Xu Tui thought of the subordinate called Yue Qiang that Tian Suqing had asked him to bring in. Was that the reason?

Zhao Hailong nodded solemnly. “On this point, after the temporary communication tower is established, we should be careful not to reveal our location in the communication. We should be able to avoid a portion of the risk.”

“That day, the commander-in-chief of the famous forward base of the alien invaders, Lei Tian, also called. He takes that spiritual box very seriously. He might send reinforcements.” Xu Tui provided Zhao Hailong with another piece of information.

“Commander, are you saying that the enemy’s reinforcements might head straight for Base 14 where we have landed?”

“The possibility is high!”

“In that case, wouldn’t it be very dangerous for us to stay here?”

Xu Tui suddenly laughed when he heard Zhao Hailong’s words. There were some things that were extremely difficult to weigh and make a decision when they were kept in one’s heart. After a brief exchange and analysis, he would immediately get to the point!

Xu Tui made a decision. Compared to the huge benefits in the future, safety was the most important!

“The Moon should have already started transporting fully automatic engineering robots today, right?” Xu Tui’s thoughts were jumping, causing Zhao Hailong to not catch up. “Hailong, thank you. I’ve already made my decision. Next, I have a mission for you. You, Yang Huai, Murong, Yan Lie, Miao Huanshan, and Li Zheng, split into three groups and set off from three directions to search for the fully automatic engineering robots released by the moon.

“The furthest distance is four hours. If you encounter any danger, come back. Send a signal. I’ll receive you,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!”

Not long after, Zhao Hailong and the others split into three teams and began to search in three directions. This was actually a search for a needle in a haystack. Whether they could find it depended on their luck.

Of course, in a day or two, when the temporary signal tower was established, the fully-automated engineering robots would send their electronic messages at regular intervals. It would be easier to find them.

However, he did not have that much time.

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of urgency when he communicated with Lei Tian.

The six of them set off. Xu Tui observed the six people’s movements through Tri Ling Ding from time to time. If the six people’s movements deviated greatly from their fixed direction in a short period of time, Xu Tui might have to rush over to receive them.

Four hours later, the ore refinement center was repaired and recharged. The overturned monorail mining cart was remounted. The rail wheels were slightly damaged, but reducing the ore cart’s speed would solve the problem.

In the deepest part of the monorail mine tunnel was a mine that went deep into the ground. Inside was a fully automatic mechanical mining pit.@@novelbin@@

This was a compound mineral vein. Basically, there was a cart of ores every 45 minutes. The monorail mining cart was not heavy, only 10 tons. It was equivalent to 10 tons of ore being thrown into the ore refinement center here every 45 minutes.

In about 15 minutes, the ore refinement center would be able to refine 10 tons of ore.