Chapter 907 - 907 Breaking Out And Reinforcements Are Really Here (2)

907 Breaking Out and Reinforcements Are Really Here (2)

70% of the defense forces in that base were soldiers from the Huaxia Sector. It was much better than his base.

“Wait a little longer. The reinforcements are really here!” Feng Xuanbiao said patiently.

The others did not think much of it, but the battalion commander of the Yamato Sector, who prided himself on being a general of Huaxia Sector, instigated, “Commander Feng, are you trying to quench your thirst? The losses had exceeded 30%! I think that breaking out of the encirclement is the only option!” Yamato Sector’s Kubo Ichiro said. “I think that we should organize a breakout immediately!”

To them, there was no point in defending to the death. The benefits they obtained from the Mars base of the Huaya Sector were actually very limited.

!!

This base was from the Huaxia Sector. Why did they have to sacrifice their lives to defend the base in the Huaxia Sector? This was an important reason why they had to break out of the siege.

Feng Xuanbiao stared coldly at Kubo Ichiro. “This is a battlefield. Do you want to resist the order?”

“In the military order, there is no such thing as sending us to our deaths!” In his anger, Kubo Ichiro was stunned. “Since you did not give the order, we will organize our own breakout! Go, those who want to break through, follow me!” Kubo Ichiro shouted.

“How dare you!” Feng Xuanbiao shouted. He flipped his hand and pointed the energy gun at Kubo Ichiro’s head. “If you dare to incite me again, I’ll kill you now! I told you, reinforcements are already here!”

“Do you think we’ll believe you?” Kubo Ichiro charged forward with his forehead and slammed it against the energy gun in Feng Xuanbiao’s hand. “Do you dare to shoot me at this moment? If you kill me, the troops of the other sectors will all f*cking mutiny!”

Feng Xuanbiao was silent. Kubo Ichiro became even more arrogant. He directly touched the energy gun with his hand. “If you don’t dare to shoot, don’t f*cking stop us! Just defend your Huaxia base to the death. Don’t drag us to our deaths!”

With an arrogant smile, Kubo Ichiro pushed the energy gun in Feng Xuanbiao’s hand to the side and waved his hand. “Let’s go. We’ll break out of the siege!”

Feng Xuanbiao’s face turned ashen. “Stop right there!”

Kubo Ichiro, who had pulled the people from the Korean Star Sector, Sing-Malaysia Sector, and Africa Sector to break out of the siege, did not seem to hear him. He had no intention of stopping.

At this moment, a faint shadow rose in the distance.

Feng Xuanbiao, who had once fought alongside Xu Tui, suddenly trembled. Almost at the same time, he pulled the trigger without hesitation.

Whoosh!

The electromagnetic energy gun instantly lit up.

If it was at a close distance, it would have hit Kubo Ichiro’s head. As the distance was too close, the electromagnetic energy gun was too powerful. Kubo Ichiro’s head was directly blasted apart!

The officers and soldiers of the Africa Sector, Sing-Malaysia Sector, Korean Star Sector, and Yamato Sector suddenly froze.

They were all dumbfounded!

All the soldiers and officers tightened their grip on their weapons in unison.

A mutiny was about to happen!

Feng Xuanbiao’s guards also raised their weapons.

However, at this moment, a tsunami of cheers sounded.

“Reinforcements are here!”

“Look, reinforcements are here!”

“The reinforcements are really here!”

Outside the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, small mountains that were emitting a faint earthen yellow appeared and blasted down.

It let out a deafening sound!

A figure was constantly shuttling back and forth.

The cheers of the reinforcements instantly melted the tense atmosphere in the base.

“I told you that reinforcements are here. He doesn’t believe me and wants to be a deserter. I can only kill him by military means!” Feng Xuanbiao shouted at Kubo Ichiro, who had been killed. What about you? Do you still want to break out?”

“Everyone, return to your positions! Reinforcements have already arrived. The moon has not given up on us! Defend to the death. The victory will definitely be ours!”

Feng Xuanbiao roared and spat on the faces of the officers from the Africa Sector, Sing-Malaysia Sector, and the Korean Star Sector.

Under the impact of the cheers, the roars, and the stimulation of the reinforcements, none of the officers dared to attack again. They ran back to their respective positions.

As for Kubo Ichiro’s corpse, no one cared anymore.

Looking at the officers who had returned to their positions, Feng Xuanbiao’s back was already drenched in cold sweat.

The Huaya Sector’s Mars base was almost destroyed by internal strife before the enemy.

Outside the base, Xu Tui aimed at a long-range artillery position formed by most of the Mechanical Spirits and instantly flew over. In just a second, the Mountain Formula blasted four times in a row.

Other than the loud bang caused by the sound of the landing, four times of the Mountain Formula had also killed more than 200 Mechanical Spirits in this long-range artillery base.

The artillery positions were not dense.

This caused a huge commotion.

This was especially so for the flying sword of the Mountain Formula. The ground shook!

Xu Tui could even hear the cheers of the reinforcements in the Mars base. However, Xu Tui’s nightmare came the moment the cheers sounded. The long-range artillery positions of the Mechanical Spirit Clan instantly turned their cannons around and focused their fire on Xu Tui.

Even Genetic Transmutation Realm experts did not dare to take the concentrated fire of 500 to 600 low-level Mechanical Spirits head-on.

However, Xu Tui was already prepared for this. He instantly fell into the distance like a meteor and quickly lowered his altitude.

In a second, he fell to the ground and used the ground to avoid the concentrated fire of the Mechanical Spirit’s long-range artillery formation.

Just like that, dozens of energy beams hit Xu Tui.

Fortunately, it was blocked by Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier.

After landing on the ground and rolling, Xu Tui quickly bounced up. He was 1,300 meters away from the long-range artillery formation of the Mechanical Spirit Clan. Behind him, an elite team of more than ten people quickly chased after Xu Tui.

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face.

The advantage of ultra-long-range combat distance was completely displayed.

Xu Tui did not escape. As he activated his mind power, the Mountain Formula once again blasted toward the long-range artillery formation of the Mechanical Spirit Clan.

Four consecutive shots!

...

The ground shook!

The soldiers in the Huaya Sector’s Mars base, who had been worried when they saw Xu Tui’s reinforcements fall, cheered again.

Alive!

The reinforcements were still alive!

This wave of the Mountain Formula killed another 200 Mechanical Spirits.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had killed half of the 1,000-strong Mechanical Spirit’s long-range artillery formation.

The elite forces were also restrained by Xu Tui.

It instantly reduced the pressure on the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

“Reporting to Division Commander, we have discovered a Blue Star human wandering outside the base. He is from the Mystery Branch and is at the Genetic Evolution Realm according to the energy fluctuations! I’ve already personally led a team to encircle and annihilate them!” The Transmutation Realm captain of this long-range artillery column reported to the division commander of the 3rd Division, Lei Wen.

Lei Wen naturally heard the waves of cheers inside the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

His anger was self-evident!

...

The morale of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector was about to collapse. If morale collapsed, this Mars base would be conquered!

However, at this critical moment, reinforcements had arrived and even issued a huge attack, causing a huge commotion!

It instantly raised the morale of the base in front of him. Their battle recovered crazily! He could sense it from the sudden increase in counterattack.

This made Lei Wen furious!

“Kill him. I want the corpses of the reinforcements who shocked the enemy’s morale and will to fight to be hung high! Let them see what happens to their only reinforcements!” Lei Wen roared!

“Don’t worry, Division Commander. Give me a minute. I’ll bring this trash’s corpse to you…”

Bang!

Whoosh!

The voice of the captain of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s long-range artillery column suddenly stopped. Lei Wen heard the sound of something heavy falling to the ground through the communication device.

This puzzled Lei Wen.

What happened?

Xu Tui had a cold expression on his face. He had killed too many of such Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirits on the Supreme Wind Resource Star! The combat strength of a Mechanical Spirit at the Transmutation Realm was actually very ordinary!

Cutting into their original quantum life frequency, the mental hammer smashed down, and the flying sword exploded his energy core!

Instant kill!

“What happened?” After waiting for three seconds, the division commander of the 3rd Division, Lei Wen, once again asked the communication channel of the long-range artillery fire.

No answer!

There was only the sound of air being torn apart.

Lei Wen frowned. Just as he was about to give other orders, a sorrowful cry suddenly came from the communication channel.

“Division Commander, the 7th long-range column has encountered a powerful enemy. Requesting reinforcements. The nine people below the captain and vice-captain have all been…”

Whoosh!