Chapter 905 - 905 Trading And A Person Are Reinforcements

905 Trading and a Person Are Reinforcements

The moment Xu Tui stepped into the quantum transmission channel of the Moon, an adjutant suddenly shouted in the temporary base of the Spiritual Race.

“Reporting to the commander-in-chief, we’ve contacted Black Hole. There’s a reply.”

Lei Tian, who was frowning and studying the battle situation, suddenly turned around. “Let’s directly apply for a call. I want to communicate with him directly.”

“Commander, please wait a moment.”

A minute later, the call was connected. The commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Tian, spoke directly to Black Hole. However, when the call was connected, neither Black Hole nor Lei Tian was in a hurry to speak. The atmosphere was a little dull.

A few seconds later, Lei Tian smiled relaxedly and said, “We’ve been trying to contact you once a day for the past few days, but we haven’t been able to. Are you participating in the battle?”

On the other end of the communication device, a transcriptional electronic voice sounded. It was obvious that Black Hole had used a technical device to communicate.

“If you have the sincerity to cooperate, don’t carry out similar tests! If there are similar tests again, I will think that this is your provocation and that it is extremely unsafe to cooperate with you.” Even if it is a transcriptional electronic voice, the voice of Black Hole clearly contains emotions.

“It’s just a concern for our partners.”

“You’ve called me time and time again. What’s the matter? Or are you prepared for what I want?” Black Hole asked.

“We don’t have your Primordial Body of the Ling Clan that can collect and purify many types of energy for the time being. We might have it in the local area, but it will take time. Looking for this kind of Primordial Body of the Ling Clan was actually to purify and collect Origin Energy to obtain higher-quality energy.

“You should be trying to increase your cultivation and combat strength, right? How about this? I have two sets of secret cultivation techniques of the Spiritual Race. They can quickly increase the combat power of the Planetary realm and the quasi-planetary realm respectively.

“After cultivating these two cultivation techniques, one’s foundation and accumulation would increase. Those quasi-planetary cultivators would also be able to maintain powerful combat strength after breaking through.

“Why don’t you choose a set as a trading item?” Lei Tian said.

“In terms of cultivation and experience, your Spiritual Race is indeed far superior to ours. However, in terms of scheming, your Spiritual Race is only so-so. In fact, in my opinion, your methods are a little inexperienced.”

There was no emotion in the electronic voice of Black Hole, but it could make Lei Tian feel anger. “Don’t test my bottom line.”

“I’m sorry. I really wanted to provide you with a very good cultivation technique.”

“Do you think I’ll believe you? How can you take out real good things? I don’t need you to use those methods you used to fool your vassal species on me!” Black Hole said.

“This cultivation technique is really…”

“If you continue to defend yourself like this, then end the call.”

Black Hole’s words made Lei Tian’s expression freeze.

Black Hole that was talking to him was definitely an old fox. He was too f*cking cunning. There was no possibility of his identity being revealed.

“Actually, we’ve always been sincere. I have the Silver Box of Spirit that you want. You should already know its function since you can mention it. It was a treasure that could directly increase your origin and strengthen your strength. It was especially useful to the so-called Mystery Branch among the humans on the Blue Star.

“However, this Silver Spirit Box is extremely precious even to our Spiritual Race! As the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, I only have one quota a year. Therefore, if you want this Silver Spirit Box, you have to provide us with something of corresponding value before we can conclude the deal,” Lei Tian said.

“I know about the Silver Spirit Box. Since you have it, tell me. What do you want to know?”

“I want to know the exact location of Shang Long and Erera,” Lei Zhu said directly.

On the other side of the communication device, Black Hole was silent for a few seconds before saying, “You think too highly of me. It’s impossible for me to know the exact location of these two people.”

“One of them is fine! Or rather, confirm their general range. For example, are they on the Blue Star, the Moon, Mars, or the meteorite belt. Of course, I need sufficient evidence,” Lei Tian said.

“I’m sorry. I really want to make up a piece of news to obtain the Silver Spirit Box, but I want to have a long-term partner more,” Black Hole said.

“You’re very wise. However, it’s a pity. If you want to obtain the Silver Spirit Box, I can’t think of any other information that has a similar value,” Lei Tian said helplessly.

“Actually, there are,” Black Hole said.

“Tell me about it.”

“For example, Lei Xiang, a captive of your Spiritual Race.”

In the temporary command base, Lei Tian’s expression changed slightly, but his voice did not fluctuate. “He’s just a captive.”

“Your blood relatives!”

“What are you trying to say?”

“You should know that under normal circumstances, there’s basically no possibility of you saving this captive from the Blue Star. But now, there’s a chance,” Black Hole said.

“What opportunity?” Lei Tian asked.

At this moment, Lei Tian did not hesitate.

It was very humiliating that Lei Xiang had been captured. He might have spat out and revealed an important secret of the Spiritual Race, but so what?

The Spiritual Race belonged to all the Spiritual Race.

The Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division was also a division of the Spiritual Race’s Thunder Division.

Only the Thunder Division was theirs!

“I want a Silver Spirit Box.”

“If the method is indeed feasible, no problem,” Lei Tian agreed readily.

“How are you going to give me the Silver Spirit Box?” Black Hole asked.

“Come to Mars. You can decide on the trading location,” Lei Tian said.

“Alright, I’ll tell you the location. I’ll give you the specific information after I get the item.”

“We need an assessment.”

“What do you mean?”

“Give us the information first. We’ll give you the Silver Spirit Box after we evaluate it.”

“Do you think I’m a three-year-old?”

“Neither are we,” Lei Tian said with a smile.

On the other end of the communication, Black Hole was silent.

...

“What do you want?” Black Hole asked after a few seconds of silence.

“Two choices. First, give us the information. After we evaluate and implement it, we can give you the Silver Spirit box. I can use my character to…”

“This is war. Is there any point in talking about characters with me?”

“Then the second method is to directly complete your goal and hand it over to us. Or you can directly hand Lei Xiang over to us. I’ll give you two silver boxes of Spirit. At that time, it shouldn’t be a problem to trade in person, right?” Lei Tian said.

Black Hole began to fall silent again. After a few seconds of silence, it said, “I can’t give you Lei Xiang directly, but I can give you the priceless target that can be exchanged for Lei Xiang. Two silver boxes of spirit?”

“Two Silver Spirit Boxes!”

“Alright. However, I need you to coordinate your forces accordingly,” Black Hole said.

“How do I cooperate?”

“Priority will be given to gathering our superior military strength and breaking through the two Mars bases of the Huaxia Sector. My target is most likely in these two bases,” Black Hole said.

“That’s not a problem. It’s just a sequence. We can cooperate.” Lei Tian thought about it and agreed.

Black Hole quickly hung up the communication device, but Lei Tian frowned and pondered. A few minutes later, Lei Tian said to the adjutant, “Ask that bunch of trash from Dawn. Which faction on the Blue Star has an irreconcilable conflict of interest with the Huaxia Sector?”

...

This time, Dawn was extremely efficient. They gave an answer: India Sector and America Sector.

“Get Dawn to send me the information on the Planetary realm powerhouses in the India Sector and the American Sector,” Lei Zhu said.

A minute later, Lei Tian took the new information and carefully reviewed it. The mysterious Mr. Black Hole might be on this list.

…

In the quantum teleportation channel of the Moon.

The moment he stepped in, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind suddenly trembled. It flickered with red light.

Xu Tui was very surprised by the sudden movement of the red fire slip. Before he could observe and sense what was going on, a strange sensation suddenly appeared in his heart.

More accurately, it appeared in Xu Tui’s mental perception.

It looked like a location. It looked a little like a map, but not quite.

That feeling was very strange. It was as if a directional diagram had suddenly appeared in his mind. What was even more magical was that Xu Tui could sense that the directional diagram in his mind was vaguely related to the quantum teleportation channel of the Moon.

At that moment, Xu Tui suddenly had a very clear feeling of control. He felt that he could appear wherever he wanted on the direction map.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had a thought.

Was this illusory and blurry position diagram the position diagram of Mars?

After all, this was related to the quantum teleportation channel of the Moon. Moreover, the red fire slip was also obtained from Mars.

The time it took to pass through the teleportation tunnel was actually extremely short. It was only a little more than a second.

In a flash, Xu Tui instinctively locked his mind power onto a familiar location.

That was the location of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

In the next moment, Xu Tui had already fallen out of the sky. The moment he fell out, he swept past the Huaya Sector’s Mars base.

It was not far. From the sky, it looked like it was only a few dozen kilometers away from Xu Tui’s landing point.

This time, Xu Tui did not activate his parachute. Instead, he activated the foot-jet thrusters in his combat uniform. He spun and dived in the direction of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

The first mission was the appearance of reinforcements.

“Ah Huang, help me contact the Mars base of the Huaya Sector and connect to their combat channel.”

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui’s identity was confirmed. He was immediately pulled into the combat frequency.

The commander of the Huaya Sector’s Mars base defense battle was an old acquaintance of Xu Tui.

Feng Xuanbiao!

Feng Xuanbiao, the former commander of the second regiment of the third division of the Tiger Regiment, was now the commander of the seventh independent brigade of the Tiger Regiment. The former third division of the Tiger Regiment had moved to the Huaya Mars base, which was the newly built Mars base last year.

“Xu Tui, please circle around to three o’clock northwest of my base. Ten minutes later, a special combat team will receive you and bring you into the base. Repeat. Please reach your designated location within ten minutes!”

As the first reinforcement sent by the Moon after the attack on Mars, it was more meaningful than practical. Therefore, Feng Xuanbiao chose to bring Xu Tui into the Mars base first.

War paid more attention to collective strength!

“Commander Feng, can you give me five minutes? I want to do something. I’m reinforcements! Even though I’m alone, I’m also a reinforcement,” Xu Tui said.

At this moment, Xu Tui was not trying to be a hero.

It was because Xu Tui had a clear understanding of his strength. Moreover, at this moment, there were many alien invaders attacking the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. However, they were very scattered.

The reason was that the firepower of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector was very strong.

Once these alien invaders gathered in large numbers, Feng Xuanbiao would immediately launch a cannon-like bombardment, causing a large number of casualties.

They forced the alien invaders to adopt a strategy of dispersing.

“From the perspective of the reinforcements and the needs of the soldiers, I hope that you can enter our base in one piece! Use the facts to tell everyone that the Moon’s reinforcements are here!” Feng Xuanbiao said in a low voice.

“That was just comforting. I want to use the real truth to tell everyone that the reinforcements have really arrived,” Xu Tui insisted.

“Once you are surrounded or surrounded by the enemy’s elite forces, we won’t be able to save you!” Feng Xuanbiao was silent.

“Principal Cai gave me a life-saving Origin Crystal ability seal card!”

As soon as these words were spoken, Feng Xuanbiao, who was opposite him, froze. He almost slammed the table.

If you had such a thing, you should have said so earlier. What were you dawdling for!

“I’ll give you a map of the enemy forces around the base! Do your best to make this commotion bigger! Our base is not the only one who wants to see reinforcements arrive. It’s best if the other bases can see them too!” Feng Xuanbiao roared.@@novelbin@@

“Understood!”