Chapter 904 - 904 Deterrence And Favor

904 Deterrence and Favor

“Lei Zhen, have you completed your strategic goal?”

Lei Zhen, who had just returned from a life-and-death battle, felt an indescribable sadness and bitterness.

Did they try their best?

They did! It was a battle to the death!

He would know if he looked behind Lei Zhen. Including Lei Zhen himself, there were a total of 11 planetary-level powerhouses.

How many had returned?

None of the quasi-planetary-levels returned. Including Lei Zhen, a total of five people had returned. The other four were seriously injured. It was basically a battle where everyone was wiped out.

At this point, could he say that they were not fighting hard enough?

They did. It could be said that they had gone all out!

However, the problem was that the question that the commander-in-chief, Lei Tian, asked made the bitterness and sadness in Lei Zhen’s heart roll but not surge out.

War only depended on the outcome! The process was not important.

The result was that the fundamental strategic goal had not been completed. There was no point in sacrificing more of the team led by Lei Zhen.

Lei Zhen’s silence made Lei Tian, who was opposite him, immediately realize that something was wrong.

“What’s the situation? Answer immediately!” Lei Tian shouted.

The battlefield ended in an instant. He had to adjust his strategy according to the changes in the situation.

“Reporting to the commander-in-chief, we have failed to achieve our strategic goal. Our side… has suffered heavy losses!”

The moment he said this, the surging depression in Lei Zhen’s heart was indescribable. This was probably war!

“We suffered heavy losses? We didn’t even complete the secondary strategic goals?” Lei Tian lost his voice.

“Didn’t they say that there are only four Planetary realm guards over there? You brought a total of ten Planetary realm guards with you!” Lei Tian roared!

“Commander-in-chief, the Blue Star humans have fought much more determinedly than we thought!”

“No matter how determined they are, you still have a chance to destroy the Moon’s quantum teleportation channel! Can’t you even fight for a three-second chance?” Lei Tian roared!

“We do want to destroy it, but at the critical moment, the space was folded! On the Blue Star Humans’ side, there is a Planetary realm powerhouse who can fold space! Then…”

Lei Zhen was no longer willing to talk about the tragic scene he had experienced previously.

On the other end of the communication device, Lei Tian’s voice was already trembling. “How many of you were injured? How many of you returned?”

“Including me, there are a total of five…”

“Five planetary-levels came back. Where are the others?”

Lei Zhen was silent!

On the other side of the communication device, Lei Tian was furious. “Didn’t I give you a strategy? Once the situation is not right, you should immediately give up on the first strategic goal and try your best to achieve the second strategic goal. What are you doing?”

“Commander-in-chief, we’ve worked hard. We’re all about to die in battle!” Lei Zhen, who had just survived a disaster, was also agitated. He roared at Lei Tian.

“The Blue Star humans are completely different from what I imagined! Genetic Transmutation Realm! There were Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivators holding their nuclear warheads and three-phase thermal bombs, all of them are charging towards us without regard for their lives! They’re risking their lives to fight us! I can’t stop them. I really can’t stop them…” At this point, Lei Zhen had already broken down. His voice was filled with tears!

However, Lei Zhen’s sobbing voice did not attract Lei Tian’s sympathy. There was only the anger and roar of the commander-in-chief.

“Lei Zhen, you ruined my plan! Not only did you not complete your strategic goal, but the forces you brought were almost completely wiped out! Do you know what that means? It represents our planetary-level power on Mars. We can’t lose any more! If we lost any more, we might not be able to return!

“From this moment on, I will be restrained by your stupidity! I’ve already told you that the Blue Star humans are not to be underestimated. You idiot!”

Amidst his angry roar, Lei Tian hung up.

In the pitch-black space, dozens of Spiritual Race officers were working in the temporary command center inside a huge meteorite.

With a flash of lightning, Lei Tian turned around. His face was as dark as the bottom of a pot.

“Did you find any information about Shang Long and Erera?”@@novelbin@@

An adjutant immediately stood up and reported, “Commander-in-chief, the information we found about Shang Long and Erera in the Blue Star Humans’ moon network is all known to us. We haven’t found any concrete information about their whereabouts!”

Lei Tian’s face continued to darken.

The Spiritual Race was far stronger than the Blue Star humans in terms of overall strength. However, during the battle between the two sides for nearly a hundred years, some talented people had appeared on the Blue Star.

For example, the founder of the Genetic Miracle, Cheng Fengxi, or the Fire God, Gavro.

Although these two powerhouses were in the Planetary realm, their combat power was long above Planetary realm.

Back then, the Spiritual Race had also paid a huge price to deal with these two people through exquisite designs. However, this did not mean that there was no one left on the Blue Star!

Soon, Shang Long from the Huaxia Sector and Erera from the European Sector became strategic forces among the Planetary realm powerhouses of the Blue Star.

Why did he say that?

This was because these two people had once killed a Planetary realm powerhouse in an instant.

This was especially so for Shang Long. He had killed more than one planetary-level expert! Moreover, there was an extremely important characteristic. The restriction of spatial distance was no longer that strong for them.

Such power was called a strategic power!

To be able to become the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian actually had such a strategic-level power. He had the ability to crush Planetary realm experts of the same level.

Not only did Lei Zhen fail to achieve his strategic goal, but he also suffered heavy losses.

It could be said that Lei Zhen’s forces could no longer participate in the Battle of Mars in a short period of time.

The current situation on Mars was that the top power was equivalent to nine against ten.

There were ten planetary-level powerhouses sent to Mars by Lei Zhen. He had the slight advantage. There was one more! However, the Blue Star humans had five more quasi-planetary-level powerhouses on Mars than the Spiritual Race.

This forced the Spiritual Race to send out a Planetary realm expert to restrain these quasi-planetary realm experts.

...

This was because if they allowed the quasi-planets of the Blue Star Human Race to return to Mars from the Phobos, then there was a possibility that the elite generals sent by the Spiritual Race to Mars would be slaughtered.

Even Lei Tian had an extremely limited high-level quantum array core.

Therefore, the strongest power fluctuation of the elites who could transfer to Mars through the Ceres Star could only be at the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

As for the Planetary realm powerhouses, they arrived through another very ancient quantum teleportation channel. However, this ancient quantum teleportation channel was very random.

They had also arrived after a long time of preparation.

Currently, the armies of the various races controlled by the Spiritual Race were constantly gathering and advancing on Mars. What was more troublesome was that this was not the time of the energy tide, so technological weapons on Mars could be used.

Under the suppression of the Blue Star’s technological weapons, the army controlled by the Spiritual Race was progressing slowly. It would still take a lot of time for them to capture and destroy Mars.

However, the problem was that if the strategy on the Moon failed, the Blue Star humans would immediately start providing support to Mars.

Lei Tian thought for a long time. He seemed to be the only person who could quickly break through the situation. If he, the commander-in-chief, attacked, he would definitely be able to easily kill one to two Planetary realm powerhouses from Phobos and break the balance.

Then, as long as the top forces won, they could easily occupy Mars and Phobos.

However, the strategic power of the two planetary-level powerhouses of the Blue Star was nowhere to be seen!

...

This made Lei Tian feel uncertain.

Whether it was Shang Long or Erera, it was still possible for Lei Tian to deal with one. However, if Lei Tian appeared first, then Shang Long and Erera suddenly appeared, Lei Tian might be left on Mars forever and completely die!

This was not Lei Tian worrying for nothing, nor was he a coward!

This was purely the experience of being tricked by the humans of the Blue Star.

Decades ago, the Spiritual Race had two top-notch Planetary realm experts who could be said to be strategic. They had been fished out by the Blue Star and killed in one fell swoop, completely changing the direction of the battle.

Therefore, Lei Tian did not appear.

If he did not step forward, the two strategic forces of the Blue Star would not step forward either! It could be considered tacit understanding and deterrence.

However, he could not sit still anymore. It would be troublesome if he wanted to change the situation. He did not dare to show his face before he confirmed the whereabouts of these two people.

“Any news from Black Hole?”

“Black Hole has not responded,” the adjutant replied.

Lei Qian, his most trusted adjutant, was staying behind to guard the battle this time.

“What about the people from Dawn? Did they give us any information?” Lei Tian asked.

“Commander-in-chief, the information Dawn gave is that Shang Long has not appeared in public for four years. The last time Erera reported in public was a year and a half ago. It was said that he had personally changed the trajectory of a meteorite. But they don’t know or can be sure where Shang Long and Erera are now,” the adjutant said.

Lei Tian’s expression darkened. “That bunch of trash, Dawn. We give them so many resources and support every year. Are they going to use such information to fool us?”

The adjutant was speechless.

“Continue to contact Black Hole. As long as Black Hole responds, I’ll talk to him personally! If my guess is correct, Black Hole will definitely know the whereabouts of these two people,” Lei Xiao shouted.

“Understood.”

…

On the Moon, in the Huaxia Sector’s general base, an officer had sent Xu Tui a large box of things. It still surprised Xu Tui.

“This is?”

“Lieutenant General Wei prepared it for you. I hope it can be used.”

“Thank you!”

Three minutes later, Xu Tui arrived at the quantum teleportation tunnel. An officer handed Xu Tui a combat supply box. This included 10 Level B Energy Activity Elixirs, 5 grams of mind power Origin Crystals to replenish mind power, and various other emergency medicines.

At this moment, the Blue Star Genetic Committee was still very generous.

Of course, Xu Tui believed that the Huaxia Sector had prepared this for him.

“Are you Mr. Xu Tui?”

Suddenly, a man from the European Sector arrived in front of Xu Tui.

“And you are?”

“I am a follower of Mr. Jagren. I have been entrusted by Mr. Jagren to give you a gift.

“Mr. Jagren said that you don’t have to thank him for this gift. There’s a Mr. Cai who has already thanked him!” As he spoke, the person handed Xu Tui an exquisite card bag. There was an Origin Crystal ability seal card in the card bag.

“This is?” Xu Tui was puzzled.

Jagren’s follower said, “This is a spatial folding Origin Crystal ability seal card that Mr. Jagren spent a lot of effort to create. After you use it, the space in front of you can be folded once. The effect lasts for ten seconds. You could basically think of it as an invincible card with a 10-second time limit.

“Most planetary-level powerhouses could not pierce through the folded space in 30 seconds. I hope it can bring you good luck!” With that, the follower of Jagren did not say anything else and left.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Old Cai’s gift was a little heavy.

Not far away, Lieutenant General Wei Bin, who was commanding the scene, looked at Xu Tui and chuckled. Wasn’t Xu Tui a student of Old Cai?

This treatment was not bad for his biological son, right? Was it easy to return a favor from a Planetary realm powerhouse?

Especially Jagren!

“Salute!”

As the guards roared, Xu Tui resolutely stepped into the Moon’s Quantum Teleportation Passage alone.

However, the moment he stepped in, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind suddenly trembled.