Chapter 909 - 909 The Beheading Operation And Luck Are Gone (1)

909 The Beheading Operation and Luck Are Gone (1)

In the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, Feng Xuanbiao, his adjutant, and a few other military officers from the alliance were dumbfounded when they saw the battle scene transmitted by the emergency area reconnaissance device.

The various satellites on Mars had also been destroyed by the alien invaders not long after the battle started.

Although the image was not too clear because of the strong energy interference and the emergency area reconnaissance device itself, the general trend could be seen.

Xu Tui had killed an assault team that consisted of eight Genetic Transmutation Realms and 10 Genetic Evolution Realms alone.

!!

Was this a one-man reinforcement? Even a team would not have such combat strength, right?

From the image, the victory was a little coincidental, but this ability…

Damn it, a human-shaped nuclear launcher, the kind that would sneak attack from the back!

At this point, no one dared to question the correctness of Feng Xuanbiao’s decision to kill the Yamato Sector’s military officer, Kubo Ichiro. That included the officers of the Yamato Sector Force. They also felt that their commander had made a wrong judgment.

The reinforcements were really fierce!@@novelbin@@

“Gather your ammunition. Prepare to fight back while the pressure on the long-range is weakening!” As Feng Xuanbiao spoke, Feng Xuanbiao’s orders were immediately carried out firmly.

At the same time, on the battlefield, the Evolution Realm cultivator of the Dissimilate Clan who Xu Tui had deliberately spared his life immediately reported crazily with a sobbing tone when he heard the shouts on the communication device.

“Reporting to Division Commander, the assault team has been wiped out!”

“What? Say it again!” Lei Wen, who had suddenly lost contact with the third division of the assault team while he was constantly calling out, suddenly froze.

“Division Commander, everyone in our assault team including Captain Di Gao is dead. They were all killed by that person!” The warrior cried out in grief.

“All dead? The other party is alone? Are you f*cking dreaming or are you joking with me? Even if a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse came, he wouldn’t be able to kill all of you so quickly, right?” Lei Wen roared.

At the side, Lei Wen’s adjutant said in a low voice, “Division Commander, according to the analysis of life information, the life signals of Lord Di Gao and the others have all disappeared. He might really…”

Division Commander Lei Wen froze. This was simply a suspenseful incident.

He believed that a Genetic Evolution Realm expert could kill a Transmutation Realm expert. It was not surprising. There were many people in the Spiritual Race who could do this. There were also powerful Evolution Realm cultivators who could fight two to three Genetic Transmutation Realm cultivators.

However, he did not believe that an Evolution Realm expert could kill eight Transmutation Realm and nine Genetic Evolution Realm experts in less than 30 seconds.

He did not believe it!

He would not believe it even if he was beaten to death!

Even if a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse came, it would be very difficult to achieve this speed.

Under normal circumstances, a Transmutation Realm expert was very strong. This was especially so for Di Gao. He was an expert from the Earth Sect of the Spiritual Race. A quasi-planet would not be able to kill him in a short period of time.

This loss was a little huge!

It was so huge that Lei Wen was stunned for a moment.

Then, the problem came.

With such a powerful assault team destroyed, where did the reinforcements of the Blue Star Humans go?

Suddenly, Lei Wen remembered something else.

“What about you? Your assault team was completely wiped out. The others were all killed. How did you survive?” Lei Wen shouted.

The elite warrior of the Dissimilate Clan had a look of grief and indignation. He had narrowly escaped death, but he was still suspected by his superiors. They were wondering how he survived. However, despite his grief, he still had to answer.

As a vassal race, especially an Evolution Realm warrior like him, he basically had no human rights.

“Division Commander, I was knocked out by the other party’s heavy blow. When I woke up, there was a huge hole near my heart. It almost completely exploded my heart. It should be a slight misjudgment on the other party’s part. Coupled with the fact that I’m unconscious, the other party thinks that I’m dead. That’s why I’m alive.”

The warrior recounted his story very sincerely.

Of course, there was something he did not dare to say.

He felt that he was lucky!

Otherwise, why would he be the only one who survived because of the millimeter difference when everyone else had died in battle?

What else could it be other than luck?

Such a situation was common on the battlefield.

It could be summarized in three words—he was lucky!

This soldier of the Dissimilate Clan was lucky!

However, the gloominess in Lei Wen’s heart was indescribable. Up until now, the Blue Star Humans had only sent one reinforcement, but they had killed his troops!

What was worse was that they did not even have much concrete information about the Blue Star reinforcements.

He only knew that he was a supernatural being, an earth-element supernatural being at the Genetic Evolution Realm who knew how to use a flying sword and had a large-scale attack ability.

“Did you see the combat method of the Blue Star reinforcement?” Lei Wen asked. “How did he kill the Transmutation Realm members of the assault team? What was that huge energy fluctuation just now?” Lei Wen asked anxiously.

The warrior was about to despair. “Division Commander, I need help. There’s a huge hole in my chest that was pierced by the earth spikes…”

Even his voice became weak amidst the despairing roars.

Lei Wen hesitated for a second before saying, “Wait here and save yourself first. The nearest rescue team will arrive in five minutes.”

“Thank you… Division Commander…” The soldier was extremely weak.

In Lei Wen’s command center, Lei Wen, who had given the order, said to his adjutant, “Send this survivor to me after the emergency treatment. I want to personally understand the situation of the Blue Star reinforcement.

“Order all columns to shrink the defensive line and strengthen the defense. Inform me immediately if you find any traces of this Blue Star reinforcement.”