Chapter 902 - 902 The Mighty Itavi And The Reinforcement Of Mars (3)

902 The Mighty Itavi and the Reinforcement of Mars (3)

On the moon, the Blue Star was so blue and beautiful!

In less than a second, Lei Zhen and the others, who were guarding to the death, noticed Shen Jiushuang approaching at high speed. All kinds of attacks instantly blasted towards Shen Jiushuang.

At this moment, the power of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert falling from the sky was displayed.

In an extremely short period of time, Shen Jiushuang made a series of evasive maneuvers. He avoided less than a dozen attacks and quickly approached.

!!

However, Shen Jiushuang could not avoid a bolt of lightning.

Shen Jiushuang chose to take it head-on. However, ingeniously, Shen Jiushuang changed his flying posture slightly. This bolt of lightning instantly pierced through his Vajra Barrier and his combat uniform, but it did not kill him.

Moreover, because he had changed his flying posture, this bolt of lightning accelerated Shen Jiushuang. In an instant, Shen Jiushuang was 50 meters away from the defensive fortress.

Forty meters.

35 meters!

Boom!

Flames, internal explosions, and explosions. The three waves of explosions directly took away the other party’s five quasi-planets. This was also the reason why Lei Zhen throw the net in time.

“Countdown of 73 seconds. Next!”

Five seconds later, the burly man from the American Sector fell 55 seconds outside the defensive fortress. He did not cause much damage to the enemies inside, but the entire defensive fortress had been razed.

At the 62-second countdown, the Genetic Transmutation Realm expert from the India Sector fell 42 meters. This wave took away a few more quasi-planets.

At 48 seconds, the Genetic Transmutation Realm of the European Sector fell at the 40th second. This wave severely injured another planetary-level powerhouse.

Lei Zhen’s eyes had already turned red!

He should have reached his limit! The person who used Spatial Fold should have reached his limit at this moment!

From the looks of it, the humans on the Blue Star had reached their limits when they started to self-destruct with Transmutation Realm experts. But why did they still arrive at the same time?

Of the remaining three Planetary realm experts, two were already seriously injured.

Lei Zhen forced himself to throw one of them into the evacuation tunnel. He then threw out a huge lightning ball, forming a lightning net.

This was the most valuable item in his life-saving inventory.

“Sir, retreat. There’s no chance! Retreat quickly!” Diwu Hui, a Planetary realm expert of the Fission Race, shouted before he was thrown into the tunnel. “Sir, as long as there’s life, there’s…”

Diwu Hui disappeared, and the Transmutation Realm expert from the Russian Federation pounced over with a bullet.

Lei Zhen suddenly shuddered!

Diwu Hui’s last sentence woke him up from his obsession with completing the strategic mission. The quasi-planetary-level creatures were almost all gone. If he died here, what was the point of completing the strategic mission?

Just as the Transmutation Realm expert from the Russian Federation pounced over with the bullet, Lei Zhen looked in the direction of the moon’s quantum teleportation channel with extreme unwillingness.

They shot into the temporary planetary-level quantum teleportation channel that they had established.

He instantly disappeared!

At this moment, the countdown was 35 seconds!

The expression of the Transmutation Realm expert from the Russian Federation who had flown here to use the Falling Star tactic was twisted and crazy. He pounced forward, but the bullet did not explode.

However, the explosion behind them decisively stopped.

Athena and Villes from the Myth, the severely injured Hanrich, Polov, and Haydoff also rushed into the ruined defensive fortress in the first moment.

The remaining quasi-planetary-level powerhouses who wanted to retreat were instantly killed.

The countdown was 21 seconds.

Ten seconds later, Jagren fainted on the spot!

Wei Bin and the other people-in-charge of the various sectors also rushed to the ruined defensive fortress immediately.@@novelbin@@

“All sectors, immediately choose a Genetic Evolution Realm combat team to prepare. Five minutes later, we will reinforce Mars!”

After giving the order, Wei Bin, Maiponeo, Nilab, and the others looked at the planetary-level quantum teleportation channel that Lei Zhen and the others had evacuated.

There was a question in front of them. Should they chase after him?