Chapter 908 - 908 Xu Tui’S Evil Move

908 Xu Tui’s Evil Move

“Reporting to Division Commander, the battle dynamic map shows that the 7th Regiment has suffered a destructive blow! The captain, vice-captain, and the special combat team have been completely wiped out!”

“The enemy is an earth-element superb individual and has a combat distance of more than 1,000 meters!”

The sudden loss of the communication channel made Lei Wen, the division commander of the Spiritual Race’s Third Division, who was mainly attacking the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, frown. At the same time, the adjutant beside him reported urgently.

On the battle dynamic diagram, the spots of light that represented the location of the seventh column were quickly destroyed.

In just a few seconds, the 7th long-range firepower column had lost 50% of its members. Then, the officers were completely wiped out. When the position started to lose people again, the light spots scattered.

The seventh long-range firepower column was defeated!

The seventh long-range firepower column mainly poured out and suppressed the garrison of the Mars base in the Huaya Sector, preventing them from counterattacking effectively.

As soon as the seventh long-range firepower column was defeated, its effect was reflected on the battlefield.

The counterattack firepower of the opposing base began to increase. The pressure on the assault columns increased drastically, and the casualties began to increase.

“Special Investigation Team, there’s only one enemy reinforcements?” Lei Wen frowned.

“Reporting to Division Commander, technological and supernatural investigations have shown that there is only one enemy active at the position of our seventh long-range firepower column: the information fluctuation of the Genetic Evolution Realm!”

“The captain of the seventh long-range firepower column is at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. There are also eight Genetic Evolution Realm experts. It seems that the enemy’s reinforcements are very strong.”@@novelbin@@

Lei Wen frowned. Because of this fluctuation, the battle aura of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector became even higher.

“How far have the assault teams I gathered from various departments gathered?” Lei Wen shouted.

“Reporting to Division Commander, there are a total of four people in the Transmutation Realm and ten people in the Evolution Realm in the original assault team of the division. Currently, there are four people in the Transmutation Realm who have gathered from various columns. As for the remaining people, due to the distance of the position, they should be able to gather within ten to half an hour,” the adjutant said.

“Eight Transmutation Realms and ten Evolution Realms are enough. Di Gao, you’re the captain of the assault team and an earth-element superb individual. Tell me, how long will it take to take him down!” Lei Wen asked.

Di Gao was more than two meters tall. His skin was slightly yellow, and his entire body was emitting a dense earth-element power fluctuation. “Division Commander, give me ten minutes. I’ll hang his corpse up on a flagpole for you!” Di Gao shouted.

“Alright, I’ll give you ten minutes! Ten minutes later, I want to raise the corpse of this reinforcement as a flag. When the corpse flag of this reinforcement is raised, it will be time for us to launch a general attack on this base!” Lei Wen shouted.

“Let’s go!”

Di Gao did not waste any time. In an instant, he led the members of the assault team and rushed towards the position of the seventh column.

Eight Transmutation Realms and ten Evolution Realms!

Far away, Feng Xuanbiao’s shout could be heard from Xu Tui’s earpiece.

“Xu Tui, the detection personnel have detected that the enemy has an assault team. They have already surrounded you. There might be as many as 20 people. Please retreat to the four o’clock direction behind you immediately. We will immediately send a special combat team to fetch you back to the base! Please retreat immediately. We will escort you back to the base. Please answer if you receive this!” Feng Xuanbiao shouted.

“Commander Feng, trust my judgment and confidence. Just provide me with intelligence support,” Xu Tui said.

“But…”

Feng Xuanbiao only hesitated for a moment before he made a decision to give Xu Tui information support.

There was no point in arguing with Xu Tui at this moment, other than interfering with him.

“According to the fluctuations in genetic information, there are at least eight Genetic Transmutation Realm experts! They are still 20 kilometers away from you. They will arrive at your location in two and a half minutes,” Feng Xuanbiao shouted.

Eight Genetic Transmutation Realm experts?

Xu Tui knitted his brows slightly.

This power was quite strong. If the eight Genetic Transmutation Realm experts came one by one, Xu Tui would definitely kill them all. He was confident.

Autonomous evolution and abnormal genetic base point strengthening levels were not for show. However, Xu Tui was still under a lot of pressure when eight Transmutation Realm experts came at him at the same time.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea.

Perhaps, he had to play a trick!

Xu Tui took out two spare large-sized expendable flying swords and two bullets. They were about the size of blue balls. One was a 30-kilogram nuclear fusion warhead, while the other was a 20-kilogram three-phase thermal explosive warhead.

It was what Wei Bin had given Xu Tui when he came. He said that it was Cai Shaochu’s instructions.

Xu Tui had thought of something at that time. He did not expect to use it so quickly. His mind power was the best bind for this. Under the entanglement of his mind power, the restraints were extremely tight.

At this moment, time was very precious. However, Xu Tui still spent 30 seconds testing the flight.

There was no problem with the load of the flying sword. It would not be a problem if it was twice as heavy.

The only problem was the balance after the load.

Xu Tui had actually solved this problem by practicing flying on his sword during this period of time. Now, he was just letting the flying sword adapt to the two bullets that were different from the human body.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui could already see the Spiritual Race assault team flanking him from both sides from afar.

He had wanted to control his flying sword to attack, but he changed his mind the moment the flying sword rose.

Xu Tui placed the two flying swords with warheads on the ground. He swept the ground with his feet and covered it with dust, making a basic disguise.

Unless someone swept over with their mind power, they would not notice the bullet.

However, the mental connection was very tight.

When he was more than three kilometers away, Xu Tui could clearly see the yellow face of the leader of the Spiritual Race. He turned around and retreated.

The corners of Di Gao’s mouth were cold when he saw Xu Tui escape. “Don’t be anxious. Chase after him in two teams. Don’t split up. Let’s see what tricks he has up his sleeve.”

In 15 seconds, Xu Tui suppressed his speed and retreated 1.5 kilometers. However, the other party quickly chased after him. The vanguard had already appeared where Xu Tui had placed his flying sword.

The Vajra Barrier around Xu Tui’s body shone brightly. The Mountain Formula instantly smashed down from the air.

When he saw the Mountain Formula, Di Gao sneered. “You used an earth-element superpower in front of me. Don’t you know that I am the ancestor of earth?”

He waved his hand, and a javelin instantly met Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula. It accurately blasted into the core of Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula.

Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula shattered.

The enemy caught up another 500 meters and was 1,000 meters away from Xu Tui. They had already flown 500 meters past the place where Xu Tui had placed the bullet.

...

It was also at this moment that the flying sword above Xu Tui’s head rose.

The sound of the flying sword piercing through the air made Di Gao’s expression change. “Be careful of his flying sword. In the battle recording just now, his flying sword is extremely powerful!”

Everyone was staring at the flying sword that was flying above Xu Tui’s head.

Suddenly, someone’s ears twitched.

There was a similar sound behind him? Flying sword?

He suddenly turned around and saw the flying sword.

Di Gao also heard the abnormality, but what he turned around to look at was mind power. In the next moment, Di Gao’s expression changed. With his mental perception, he saw the bullet on the flying sword.

“Spread out! Spread out!” Di Gao roared!

But it was too late!

The flying sword that Xu Tui had accelerated with the power of the three spirals could reach supersonic speed in a second. This was even when he had a bullet tied to it.

It had been a second since Di Gao shouted.

...

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s upper and lower lips moved slightly as he simulated it.

Biu!

Mind power was the most convenient way to detonate equipment, especially since these bullets did not have a shielded shell.

Boom!

Two huge balls of light exploded at the same time in different places.

Even though he was a kilometer away, the shockwave still caused ripples to appear on Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier. This was especially so after the three consecutive explosions of the three-phase thermal explosive. The high temperature and shockwave caused a large area of Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier to fluctuate. Xu Tui immediately adopted the most reserved position.

He lay flat!

On the moon, the three-phase thermal explosive that Cai Shaochu had directed to kill a Planetary realm powerhouse was a half-ton warhead. Its power was several times weaker than the 20-kilogram three-phase thermal explosive that Xu Tui was using.

However, the lethality of the core of the bullet explosion was not much different.

The impact of the super-large warheads was wider, and the subsequent damage was greater. However, the difference in power between the two warheads was only about double.

Almost instantly, the three Genetic Transmutation Realm experts at the core of the two bullets were vaporized on the spot.

These three people had been killed while riding on a bullet.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mental perception suddenly fluctuated and was interrupted.

The huge energy fluctuation affected Xu Tui’s mental perception.

By the time Xu Tui activated his mental perception again, three of the eight Genetic Transmutation Realm experts had already disappeared. One of them had died on the spot with his entire body shattered. The other two had tattered bodies. They should have been severely injured.

Di Gao and the other one were bleeding from the corner of their mouths. They were blasted to the ground by the terrifying shock wave and were about to struggle up.

With a thought, the Earth Spike was about to be activated.

Di Gao, who had just stood up from the ground and was dizzy, roared ferociously, “Despicable person, you can’t play with clay!” He stomped his foot on the ground. Xu Tui’s earth spikes shattered before they could rise. However, Xu Tui was not surprised at all. There was only a cold smile on his face.

The mental hammer smashed into Di Gao’s head.

Di High was in a daze for a moment.

A sharp pain suddenly came from his body. An earth spike as thick as a calf had already risen from the ground and pierced into his body before stabbing out of his chest.

There were endless popping sounds.

Xu Tui only needed to kill the remaining three injured Transmutation Realm experts. He did not even need to use his mental hammer, but he did not kill them immediately.

Behind him, 10 Genetic Evolution Realm experts pounced forward in shock, wanting to save them.

What Xu Tui wanted was for them to pounce on him, not escape.

Xu Tui stood there and did not dodge. He allowed their attacks to land on his Vajra Barrier, while he continued to instantly kill these Genetic Evolution Realm experts. He killed three to four in one second. He could blast two to three of them away with the Mountain Formula.

With Xu Tui’s current strength, cultivators at the Evolution Realm were already too weak.

Ten seconds later, there was only a dying Transmutation Realm and Evolution Realm cultivator of the Dissimilate Clan left.

The Genetic Evolution Realm expert of the Dissimilate Clan finally reacted at this moment. His fighting spirit also collapsed.

He turned around and wanted to escape.

Xu Tui was about to insta-kill him from behind when he suddenly had a thought.

The mental hammer smashed down. The Genetic Evolution Realm fainted on the spot. The other dying Transmutation Realm was directly killed by Xu Tui.

After thinking about it, Xu Tui stomped his foot and raised an earth spike. It pierced through the abdomen of the unconscious Genetic Evolution Realm expert, but it cleverly avoided his vital points.

It looked like his vital points were injured and he was about to die, but he was not dead!

When he got closer, Xu Tui stuffed more than a dozen Origin Crystal powders with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker into the body of the Evolution Realm cultivator from the Dissimilate Clan. Then, he began to search the corpse at an extremely fast speed.

The things that the Genetic Transmutation Realm expert brought would definitely be valuable.

A minute later, Xu Tui, who had more than a thousand Origin Crystals, quickly left. He was nowhere to be found.

Three minutes later, the Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator that Xu Tui had deliberately not killed slowly opened his eyes.

At this moment, his communication device was ringing wildly.