Chapter 901 - 901 The Mighty Itavi And The Reinforcement Of Mars (2)

901 The Mighty Itavi and the Reinforcement of Mars (2)

Lei Zhen and his Planetary realm experts had already started to fight with all their might.

At this moment, only a Planetary realm powerhouse could change the situation in a short period of time.

“Haren, let’s charge forward. The rest of you, cover us!” Itavi, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector, suddenly shouted.

In the next moment, the flames that erupted instantly illuminated the entire moon. Huge meteorite-like fireballs descended from the sky and fell into the defensive fortress one after another.

On the other hand, Haren turned into a golden light and charged in. He spread out the flail that weighed more than 10,000 kilograms and shook off an unmanned circle like a barbaric warrior.

The quasi-planetary-level powerhouses on the other side were either shattered or sent flying!

Without needing Lei Zhen’s instructions, the experts guarding here began to focus their fire on Haren.

Twenty seconds later, after Haren severely injured a Planetary realm powerhouse on the other side, he himself was also charred on the outside and tender on the inside by the lightning.

At the critical moment, Itavi transformed into a flame giant and pulled Haren out. He took the opportunity to kill the Planetary realm powerhouse that Haren had severely injured just now. He then attacked consecutively and severely injured two Planetary realm powerhouses.

However, he himself also vomited blood.

In the last attack, Itavi even lost a thigh from Lei Zhen’s lightning. He was about to be completely trapped there. Nott, a Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector, shouted the name of the guru and saved Itavi.

He was seriously injured.

At the same time, another Planetary realm under Lei Zhen was killed.

At this point, two of Lei Zhen’s planetary-level subordinates had died, two were severely injured. If it includes Lei Zhen, it would be three.

Xu Tui, who was watching the battle, was a little confused.

Itavi and Haren were working hard! They were risking their lives!

If Black Hole was not them, could it be someone else?

The countdown was 130 seconds!

A huge lightning ball was thrown out by Lei Zhen. In an instant, a huge lightning net appeared. All the attacks melted when they touched the huge lightning net.

Only the attacks of a Planetary realm powerhouse could weaken or pass through the lightning net.

Ten seconds later, the lightning net shattered. Lei Zhen had already thrown the two seriously injured Planetary realm powerhouses and the other quasi-planets who had lost their combat strength into their evacuated quantum teleportation channel.

Another huge lightning ball was thrown out. While it was buying them time, Lei Zhen roared, “Hold on for another few dozen seconds. I feel that this spatial fold is about to be over! If we destroy it, we’ll retreat! We have to complete our strategic goals!”

The countdown was 115 seconds!

In the underground fortress-like command hall, Wei Bin, who was the overall commander of the battle, became anxious.

115 seconds was too short! If he could not take it down, the quantum teleportation channel might really be lost!

“Is it possible for the Aerospace Combat Jet to self-destruct?” Wei Bin roared.

On the side of the Planetary realm powerhouses, Itavi had charged forward previously and had a remarkable battle record. He was indeed risking his life. Among the remaining few, all of them were injured. Four of them were even injured after the battle five days ago.

Wei Bin was really anxious.

Five seconds later, the five self-destructing Aerospace Combat Jets were blasted apart by the lightning when they were within 50 meters. The energy reactor inside and the shock wave from the explosion of a large number of weapons became their best barrier, buying them precious time.

The countdown was 95 seconds!@@novelbin@@

“The Fallen Star team requests to fight!”

“The Fallen Star team requests to fight!”

The voices of the Fallen Star teams from the various sectors rang out in the command hall. Among them, the voices of the Huaxia Star Fallen Star team were the loudest.

Wei Bin smiled bitterly. Under such circumstances, the Fallen Star team would not be able to charge over.

Wei Bin made a decision after hesitating for a moment. Someone had to sacrifice themselves in this world.

Wei Bin directly switched the channel to the group of Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

“Everyone, the final moment has arrived! The countdown is 92 seconds. We need a few warriors who can fly at high speed and are good at defense. They had to send the powerful three-phase thermal bombs or other lethal weapons into the mouth of the defensive fortress. This required… sacrifice!

“At least one in each sector!”

At this point, Wei Bin suddenly roared, “Who is it? Countdown: 89 seconds!”

The 139 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts waiting to participate in the battle were silent. Some people wanted to participate in the battle, but they could not meet the requirements.

He could fly, was extremely fast, and had strong defense.

A second later, a silver-haired old man suddenly stepped forward.

“Lieutenant Wei, I should meet the requirements. Let me do it!”

“Shen Jiushuang, the Huaxia Sector will be the first to attack. Get ready for battle in five seconds! Next, American Sector, get ready. Maiponeo, do you have anyone in the American Sector? If no one is going to fight, you guys can stand aside on Mars in the future!”

“Let me do it!”

Without waiting for Maiponeo to intervene, a blond burly man from the American Sector stood out.

“Next, India Sector!”

A bald man stepped forward.

“Next, from the European Sector.”

…

Wei Bin’s actions were a little forceful. It was impossible to comment on whether he was right or not. However, while Wei Bin was still shouting, the silver-haired Shen Jiushuang had already lifted a huge bullet. Golden light shone from his body.

He had already pushed the Vajra Barrier to its limits.

In the next moment, Shen Jiushuang carried the huge warhead and instantly flew up towards the moon’s defense fortress.

The moment he soared into the sky, Shen Jiushuang turned around and looked at Blue Star!

...