Chapter 906 - 906 Breaking Out And Reinforcements Really Came (1)

906 Breaking Out and Reinforcements Really Came (1)

Lei Wen was one of the seven division commanders of the Spiritual Race’s attack on Mars. He was also a trusted aide of the commander-in-chief, Lei Tian.

Half of the division commanders who attacked Mars this time were Lei Tian’s trusted aides.

Lei Tian’s order to Lei Wen was to attack the Mars base of the Huaya Sector at all costs.

Of course, the price he had to pay at all costs mainly referred to the Mechanical Spirit Clan, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Clan that had been integrated into the attacking forces under his command.

!!

As for the members of the Spiritual Race, they did not care about that.

During wartime, other than quasi-planetary and planetary-level powerhouses, all the members were under military control.

Therefore, Lei Wen had very strong control over the troops, including the Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

After fighting for a few days, Lei Wen continued to advance with his troops and finally approached the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. After nearly five days of consumption, the artillery fire at the Mars base of the Huaya Sector was not as intense as before.

There was a limit to the amount of ammunition he could store.

However, Lei Wen was still very stable. The remaining 20,000 troops under him split into 20 thousand-man troops and surrounded the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

One of the goals was to reduce the casualties.

It could be foreseen that the losses in the battle this time would definitely be one of the criteria for rewarding him based on his contribution. Also, the more active forces he had, the more mobile forces he would have after he conquered the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

That’s right. In Lei Wen’s opinion, it was only a matter of time before they captured the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. As long as they used up all the ammunition in the Huaya Sector’s Mars base, the Huaya Sector’s Mars base would not be able to hold on for long.

Two days, or three days?

Lei Wen was not too sure, but it would be in these two to three days.

“Twelfth Column, continue to fission. Create a camp of more than 2,500 people and cause a commotion to attract the cannon fire of the Blue Star humans. All Fission Race members can obtain Origin Crystals as rewards.

“Order all columns to send out a Transmutation Realm expert. I want to form an assault team in half an hour to search for an opportunity to completely break into this base! I want to be the first division commander to break through the Blue Star Mars base!” The division commander of the third division of the Mars Operation, Lei Wen, was in high spirits.

As Lei Wen gave the order, the 3rd Division of the Spiritual Race, which had already surrounded the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, moved frequently and attacked even more fiercely.

However, there was a hint of worry in the Huaya Sector’s Mars base.

Feng Xuanbiao, who was in charge of the defense, had a solemn expression even though he had just contacted Xu Tui. His eyes were filled with anticipation.

It was mainly because the morale in the Huaya Sector’s Mars base was about to collapse.

Over the past five days, more than 30% of the troops had lost their lives. If not for the Huaxia Sector, the troops from the other sectors would have dispersed.

There were many people stationed here. This was the biggest problem with the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

If the troops stationed in the base were 100% from the Huaxia Sector, Feng Xuanbiao would have the determination and will to defend to the death, let alone 30%. He would fight until he, a brigade commander, personally equipped himself with a bayonet.

He had that confidence!

However, because of the distribution of benefits within the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, the personnel stationed there were extremely complicated.

There were people from the Huaxia Sector, the Africa Sector, the Russian Federation, the Yamato Sector, the Korean Star Sector, and the Sing-Malaysia Sector in the Huaya Sector. There were even people from the European Sector.

Although according to the military orders, the soldiers stationed in these sectors listened to Feng Xuanbiao’s orders, the difference in their qualities, beliefs, and styles was very problematic.

For example, the brothers in the Africa Sector were already afraid of battle because of the casualties.

If the Huaxia Sector warriors retreated, they would definitely be the first to escape!@@novelbin@@

For example, the garrison troops in the Yamato, Korean Star, and Sing-Malaysia Sectors were clearly holding back.

The warriors in the Russian Federation were slightly stronger, but not much better.

The morale of nearly half of the garrison troops was on the verge of collapse. They no longer had the will to fight. This was what gave Feng Xuanbiao the most headache.

“Commander Feng, I think we should consider breaking out of the encirclement!” The regimental commander of the Africa Sector garrison came over to propose again.

As soon as he spoke, the battalion commanders of the garrison troops in the Yamato, Sing-Malaysia, and Korean Star Sectors also gathered around. “Commander Feng, as long as there’s life, there’s hope!”

“Commander Feng, when there’s people, there’s land!” The camp commandant of the Yamato Sector was a Huaxia specialist. He spoke earnestly.

Feng Xuanbiao had a determined expression. “I’ve said it before. After I die in battle, it’s none of my business if you want to escape! But now, I’ll f*cking kill anyone who dares to disobey my orders!”

There was no need for Feng Xuanbiao to shout. Feng Xuanbiao’s guards even lit up their energy weapons.

While the officers from the other sectors were dissatisfied, Feng Xuanbiao quickly said, “Also, I want to tell you that reinforcements have arrived!”

“Reinforcements are here? Where are they? Commander Feng, you’ve already said that reinforcements are here twice, but we haven’t seen a single one after that! Do you want us to die here?” The captain of the Africa Sector shouted.

Feng Xuanbiao was extremely annoyed. If this was his own officer, he would have been killed long ago! However, he could not move at this moment!

Suddenly, he was a little envious of the division commanders who had gone to defend the Huaxia Mars base.