Chapter 903 - 903 Is This Reason Enough?

903 Is This Reason Enough?

Xu Tui was still in a state of ‘shock’ when the announcement sounded.

The five Genetic Transmutation Realm experts used the Fallen Star tactic at the cost of their lives, especially Shen Jiushuang’s participation.

The image in Xu Tui’s mind still lingered on the scene of Shen Jiushuang turning around.

Shen Jiushuang was Xu Tui’s teacher. They did not spend much time together, and his teachings to Xu Tui were very limited. However, during their short interactions, Shen Jiushuang had been very responsible to Xu Tui. His attitude was extremely warm.

!!

He guided Xu Tui to locate the relevant genetic base points; when Xu Tui could not be able to remember them once, he would do it twice. If Xu Tui could not remember them twice, he would do it three times.

His silver hair and warm smile made him look more like an old man next door than a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

However, today, the warm-looking old man next door suddenly transformed into a super warrior who pressed forward with indomitable will.

Fallen Star!

The shock that it gave Xu Tui was indescribable.

The cruelty of the intergalactic war had also been displayed in front of Xu Tui over the past few days.

Too many people had died.

Grief, glory, hot blood, hatred, anger, and other emotions surged together at this moment.

As a result, Xu Tui was the first to step forward when the announcement for the Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators to reinforce Mars sounded.

However, Xu Tui was not the only one who stepped out. All the Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators waiting in the waiting area stood up, silently expressing their determination to participate in the battle.

A small number of genetic mutants, such as Tao Guan, Yan Xuejin, Miao Huanshan, and the others, even stood up.

The scene just now seemed to have ignited something. The officer who is choosing the members to reinforce Mars was slightly stunned when he saw everyone step out. His eyes inexplicably welled up.

This was Huaxia!

Difficulties and sacrifices were never obstacles. Instead, they were peaks that the Huaxia people could conquer!

“Due to the quantum portal, the number of people who can reinforce the Moon in a short period of time is extremely limited. At this moment, the Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators needed to have extremely powerful combat strength. The first requirement is that you have to have a record of killing a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert head-on!”

As soon as this request was made, more than 90% of the Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators had dejected expressions. They could not meet it!

They could not meet the requirements.

They could only retreat dejectedly.

Xu Tui remained where he was. It was not just Xu Tui. Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Yang Huai, and Yan Lie were also standing where they were. Other than that, the core combat strength of the special forces was basically there.

For example, Li Shiqi, Dai Yizhou, Ruan Da, Jian Qi, and so on.

There were more than 30 people left.

This made Xu Tui sigh. The Huaxia Sector was really filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. There were actually so many Evolution Realm cultivators who had killed Genetic Transmutation Realm experts head-on.

“The current mission to reinforce Mars is extremely dangerous and arduous. Therefore, the second requirement requires an independent all-hours individual combat ability and an extremely strong survivability. In addition to technological equipment, you have to travel extremely quickly,” the officer said.

As soon as the second request was issued, another third of the students dimmed.

For example, Yan Lie. He had the battle record of killing a Mechanical Spirit Transmutation Realm expert in a surprise attack, but he did not have the ability to fight all day long.

Xu Tui and Zhao Hailong were the only ones who could step forward.

“You guys are ready to set off at any time.”

The officer glanced at the remaining 20 people and sent the information to Wei Bin’s combat staff.

The selection of the candidate was very important.

The current situation on Mars was very serious. Moreover, in terms of quantity, sending three to five Genetic Evolution Realm experts was basically useless in battle.

However, human hearts and morale were very important.

As long as there was reinforcement, it meant that the Blue Star and the Moon had not given up on Mars. Mars would not despair.

Having reinforcements and not having any were two completely different mental states.

At the same time, it was also a deterrent to the alien invaders.

Xu Tui took advantage of this gap to walk to the side and quickly contacted Fang You. “I have a very important question. I want to communicate with Principal Cai.”

“Okay, I’ll transfer the call to you. Principal Cai has just heard about the battle situation.”

Fang You’s words made Xu Tui a little envious. Old Cai was already injured, yet he was still concerned about the situation of the battle.

“Principal Cai, we have to reinforce Mars now. The current speed of reinforcement might be one Genetic Evolution Realm per hour. What I’m thinking is…”

“I know what you mean.” Cai Shaochu’s voice was a little weak. “Previously, my research on that quantum array core has basically been completed. However, this thing is disposable. Once it was used, it could not be studied.

“Currently, the material has been analyzed and compared. However, the other important problem, the perfect resonance, had not been solved. I need some time. At the very least, I have to record the frequency of the perfect resonance.” Cai Shaochu panted and said, “I can’t be sure how many years it will be before we can snatch back another quantum array core. Therefore, I need some time.”

Cai Shaochu’s meaning was very clear. He could not use this quantum array core as a consumable item in a short period of time.

Xu Tui had actually thought of this question. Once he used that quantum array core, at least some Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators would be able to enter and leave in batches, right?

“You don’t have to be too worried. If the Moon wins, the crisis on Mars will be mostly resolved.”

“Okay, Principal Cai. Rest well. I’ll come and see you when I get back,” Xu Tui said.

“You’re going to Mars?”

“Yes, I think I have enough ability!”

“Be careful. Unfortunately, I don’t have anything that can save your life for the time being. Be careful,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, you gave me more previously.”

After the call ended, Cai Shaochu, who was in the nutrition chamber of the Moon’s underground research center, thought for a moment and suddenly said to Fang You, “Help me contact Jagren. Also, get me Wei Bin.”

The first person to connect was Wei Bin.

...

“Old Cai, what instructions do you have?”

“Is Xu Tui among the first batch of people to reinforce Mars?”

“Based on his past battle results, Xu Tui is the most dazzling. His actual combat ability is the strongest. He is suitable to be the first to enter Mars. However, the probability of the first person to enter Mars being sacrificed is a little high. I…” Wei Bin roughly had the same thoughts as Cai Shaochu.

Cai Shaochu did not want Xu Tui to be the first to take the risk? Based on the current situation, even if Xu Tui was not Cai Shaochu’s student, based on the relationship he displayed, it was about right.

However, Wei Bin was immediately slapped in the face by Cai Shaochu.

“In war, sacrifice is the norm! No one is born to sacrifice, nor is anyone born to be superior to others! If he’s suitable, you’ll send him in first. However, no matter when you let him in, as long as you use him, prepare more toys for him,” Cai Shaochu said.

“What toys?” Wei Bin blushed with shame. Actually, this was why he admired Old Cai.

Old Cai was not a selfless person, especially outside the Huaxia Sector. He kept his secrets and prioritized the interests of the Huaxia Sector.

Cai Shaochu said a string of names on the phone. Wei Bin was a little stunned. “There’s no point in giving it to him, right?”

“Just give it to him. Don’t talk so much!”

“Alright, I understand! Also, give him some pointers regarding the mission of reinforcement. It’s not convenient for me to tell him now, right?” Wei Bin reminded him.

...

“There’s no need! There’s no need to remind this kid. Do you think he will risk his life for the base in the American Sector? Am I that stupid to find such a person to teach?” Cai Shaochu said.

In front of the moon’s quantum teleportation channel.

After an emergency discussion, the people-in-charge of the various sectors threw a huge electromagnetic explosion bullet into the planetary-level quantum teleportation channel where Lei Zhen and the others had escaped.

They destroyed this planetary-level quantum teleportation channel.

There were three reasons for their destruction.

Firstly, they did not know where this planetary-level quantum teleportation passageway led to. What if they were ambushed if they chased after it?

Secondly, they would not be able to explore in a short period of time.

There were Planetary realm powerhouses behind this Planetary-level quantum teleportation tunnel. They could not organize so many Planetary realm powerhouses in a short period of time.

Third, it was still impossible to determine if this planetary-level quantum teleportation channel was permanently solidified or temporary.

There was a high chance that it was temporary.

Fourthly, it was a huge danger to keep it.

If they kept it, the Planetary realm powerhouses of the alien invaders might attack at any time. This place was very close to the Moon’s quantum teleportation channel. Once a Planetary realm powerhouse attacked, it would be a disaster!

Therefore, it had to be destroyed!

Seeing the electromagnetic light in the planetary-level quantum teleportation channel that Lei Zhen and the others had established explode into a chaotic energy vortex, Wei Bin discussed the most important question with the person-in-charge.

The order of reinforcement!

Based on the current situation on Mars, the reinforcement plan was to first send a small number of elite evolution realms over, then send a large number of genetic mutation realm troops over.

Without the support of elite forces, a Genetic Mutation Realm army would be easily slaughtered.

But now, there are six sectors. Each sector had a Mars base and immediate benefits on Mars. Even in the India Sector, although they did not have their own Mars base, they also obtained a portion of the profits the other Mars bases had.

“One Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator will enter every hour. The people of the Huaxia Sector will enter first, then the Africa Sector, then the European Sector…”

Before Wei Bin could finish explaining the order, Maiponeo was unhappy. “Why are we not in the top three?”

“The Planetary realm powerhouse from the Africa Sector, Manut, died in battle! And one of the important reasons for his death was that the two Planetary realm guards from the America and India Sectors left their posts. Is this reason enough?” Wei Bin shouted.@@novelbin@@

Maiponeo instantly went silent.

“The fourth to enter the Russian Federation, the fifth to enter the India Sector, and the last to enter the America Sector!”

Nilab didn’t care about this ranking, but Maiponeo was a little anxious. However, it was useless no matter how anxious he was.

The people in charge of the Huaxia Sector, the European Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Africa Sector all had cold expressions. He was certain that he would immediately be scolded by everyone the moment he opened his mouth.

Other than accepting, he could only accept!

Suddenly, an indescribable horror rose in Maiponeo’s heart.

Alliance!

In this battle, the Huaxia Sector formed a temporary alliance with the European, Russian, and African Sectors.

This was a very bad sign!

If there was a first time, there would be a second time, and there would be a third time. Then, the future of the American Sector…

“Identify the candidates as soon as possible. The first person of the Huaxia Sector to enter is Xu Tui.” Wei Bin did not say anything else. Judging from his battle results and personal performance, Xu Tui was the most suitable candidate.

It was even more suitable than Ruan Da and Li Shihua!

…

Ceres Star!

The moment Lei Zhen and the others retreated, Lang Ju, the guardian of Ceres Star, rushed over to treat the injured.

However, Lang Ju was also a little stunned when he saw the people who returned.

When they left a few days ago, there were nine planetary-level powerhouses and 50 quasi-planetary.

Now, only five people have returned, including Lei Zhen.

The four planetary-levels were still seriously injured and on the verge of death!

“Lord Lei Zhen, are there only these few people?”

Lei Zhen glared at Lang Ju with a ferocious expression. “Save them and get me the commander-in-chief!”

Thirty seconds later, the call was connected. The first voice that rang out was Lei Tian’s. “Lei Zhen, have you completed your strategic goal?”