Chapter 913 - 913 A Dog Who Didn’T Want To Be Cooked

913 A Dog Who Didn’t Want to Be Cooked

Moon, Huaxia Sector’s general base, underground medical center.

Wei Bin was standing in a rather large nutrition chamber.

In the nutrition chamber, other than his head, Cai Shaochu was soaking in the nutrient solution. In just five to six days, the lower body that Cai Shaochu had lost had already begun to grow. However, it could not be seen clearly through the thick-colored nutrient fluid. He could only vaguely see that it was rather small.

As for Wei Bin, he was observing with interest, causing Cai Shaochu, who had just woken up, to frown.

“What are you observing? The war on Mars is so urgent. Are you free?”

“The information on Mars can no longer be transmitted in real time. I’ll only act without reason if I intervene and command. It is better for me to come and research you.” Wei Bin had a strange smile.

“Research on me what?”

“Look, your new legs are even smaller than a newborn baby. I’m considering a problem. How small would your new third leg be? Bean sprouts or silver needles?” Wei Bin smiled happily. No one would have thought that Lieutenant General Wei Bin, who always kept his word, would have such a bad taste.

Cai Shaochu was not angry at all. “Just you wait. When I grow up, I’ll compete with you. I’ll definitely make you feel inferior for the rest of your life!”

“Tsk, I’m a fool to compare myself with you! I’m afraid you can already control the amplitude of your growth to a certain extent, right?”

Cai Shaochu snorted. “Old Wei, are you really so bored that your balls hurt?”

“Do I look like one?” Wei Bin pulled a chair over and sat in front of Cai Shaochu. “Old Cai, I think we should add more cards to Mars.”

“What is it?”

“According to the current attack rhythm of the enemy, Mars’ crater base is the enemy’s first target. It might be very dangerous. It might even be the key to changing the situation,” Wei Bin said.

“The key to change?”

“The quantum portal of the Mars base is the only hope for our Blue Star to walk out of the circle of Earth, Moon, and Phobos over the years. If something happened to the Mars base, the group of Spiritual Race experts at the research institute would probably not be able to sit still.

“Once they could not sit still, it would be the beginning of a change. Moreover, do you think that the Spiritual Race has really invested all their strength into the battlefield?” Wei Bin asked.

“But our Blue Star is also prepared for this, right?”

“It’s the Blue Star, not our Huaxia! And the crater-shaped Mars base belongs to the entire Blue Star in name. In reality, it is controlled by the Huaxia Sector. A change in situation. I’m afraid that some people will take the opportunity to change the situation!” Wei Bin said.

“Another card that belongs to our Huaxia Sector?” Cai Shaochu, who was in the nutrition chamber, suddenly said, “Although my current state is a little miserable, in reality, I can already participate in the battle again. Old Cai, who doesn’t have legs, is also powerful!”

“That’s right. Old Cai, who doesn’t even have the third legs, is very fierce. However, your reputation is within many people’s expectations. I need a card that can hold the fort at a critical moment,” Wei Bin said.

“That’s him?” Cai Shaochu said.

“Can you activate it?”

“The technology is not mature yet. This is a consumable item. Every time it is used, it will be used less. Moreover, every time it is used, it will be weaker,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Then use it. If you don’t use a good card, it’s useless. You have to use it when you have to.”

“Alright, it will take some time to activate. I’ll activate it now.”

As he spoke, Cai Shaochu took out an independent portable computing terminal and turned it on. After three identity verifications and two key confirmations, Cai Shaochu pressed the activation button.

On Mars, in a secret room deep underground in the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, a beam of light suddenly shone on a nutrition chamber. In the nutrition chamber, a man with tightly shut eyes was soaking.

In the next moment, all kinds of lights lit up. The electronic sounds of programs being activated continuously rang out.

At the same time, on a planet in the deep starry sky, a middle-aged man was suddenly stunned. “Have you activated it? Are you in trouble?”

…

“He can participate in the battle three hours after the advance activation. Inform me when you want to attack,” Cai Shaochu said.

“How long can it last?” Wei Bin asked.

“This is the first time it’s being used. If the clone body only maintains its aura, it can only last for half an hour. If he attacked, he would at most attack three times. Moreover, every time you attack, his strength will decrease,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Three times is enough!” Wei Bin nodded and suddenly looked at Cai Shaochu. “By the way, Old Cai, why don’t you get a few of these clones? If you can get two of them and put one in each base, it will be completely stable.”

“Get a few more?” Cai Shaochu sneered. “The probability of a clone body with a resonance load rate of 99.9% appearing is currently one in 1,540. On average, one can only be selected every 16 years! Moreover, this is only the initial probability. We don’t know what the probability of the next one is.”

“Can’t you speed it up?”

“Elder Cheng brought it back with Shang Long and the others from the Milky Way back then. If not for this, that old pervert of the Spiritual Race would not have participated in the battle at all costs and killed half of the elites of the Pangu Special Force. We can’t even get out of the solar system now. Where do you think we can get it?” Cai Shaochu let out a long sigh.

The Elder Cheng he was referring to was the founder of genetic ancient martial arts, Cheng Fengxi.

“You haven’t analyzed it yet?”

“Throw calculus or differential geometry to a monkey and let it watch for a hundred years. Do you think it’s possible to analyze it?”

Hearing this, Wei Bin smiled bitterly.

Wei Bin was about to leave when Wei Bin’s private communication device suddenly rang. It was an unknown number that he had never seen before. The communication channel was encrypted.

This made Wei Bin frown. Very few people knew about his private communication. After thinking about it, Wei Bin picked it up.

“Who is this?”

“Hello, Lieutenant General Wei. I am Dawn.”

Wei Bin froze. He knew the name of Dawn. The founder of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization had always been the most mysterious existence on the Blue Star. The various regions on the Blue Star had been pursuing him for decades, but they could not find out his true identity.

Of course, there were leads, but they broke off every time they went deeper.

There were many doubts on the Blue Star.

The Huaxia Sector had also taken many targeted actions, but they had never yielded any results.

Wei Bin had also organized a few purge operations in the extra-terrestrial to investigate the identities of the relevant personnel in order to eliminate the hidden dangers of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

There were some results, but they did not involve the higher-ups. He did not expect that the founder of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization would contact him today and even know his private contact number.

“You are Dawn. How can you prove your identity?” Wei Bin asked.

The electronic voice of Dawn came through the communication device. “The identity of Dawn should be an identity that no one dares to impersonate and has no value, right? There shouldn’t be a need to prove it, right?”@@novelbin@@

...

“What do you want to do? Tell me.”

“Lieutenant General Wei, don’t use your so-called technical methods. As long as you make any movements, I will be able to discover you. As long as I discover a trace, I will cut off the communication. Yes, then, I’m afraid you’ll regret it for the rest of your life,” Dawn said.

Wei Bin frowned. He had wanted to contact the technical department just now. He thought about it and decided not to contact them for the time being. Instead, he shared the call with Cai Shaochu.

“I have a deal. I wonder if you are interested?”

“What deal?”

“When the situation changes, the timing when the Spiritual Race launches their main attack, as well as some key information,” Dawn said.

Wei Bin was silent. He looked at Cai Shaochu, who nodded slightly.

“How could you know when the Spiritual Race attacked?”

“Because I have a spy that the Spiritual Race needs.”

Dawn’s words made Wei Bin’s expression change drastically. His expression became extremely ugly. “Are there any of your people among the Blue Star experts confronting the Spiritual Race on Phobos? Is it a Planetary realm or a quasi-Planetary realm?”

“Guess?”

...

Wei Bin’s expression turned extremely ugly. Dawn, who was on the other end of the communication device, laughed wantonly.

“What exactly do you want to do?” Wei Bin frowned.

“A deal! I told you before.”

“You are the lackeys of the Spiritual Race, traitors of the Blue Star, and now, you are willing to be a spy for the Spiritual Race to launch a general attack.

“Do you think I’ll believe you even if you tell me the time?” Wei Bin sneered.

“Lieutenant General Wei, there’s a saying in the Huaxia Sector: When the birds are gone, the good bow is hidden. When the cunning rabbit dies, the lackeys will be cooked. Therefore, we don’t want to be cooked!” Dawn said.

Wei Bin’s eyes shifted. He suddenly understood what Dawn meant.

“Lieutenant General Wei, you’re right. We are the lackeys of the Spiritual Race. However, the value of us lackeys is still based on the Blue Star. If the Blue Star was broken through, or if the situation was over, then the value of us lackeys is basically gone. Do you understand?”

“You’re a lackey who’s not very obedient. Are you afraid of being liquidated?” Wei Bin sneered.

“You can say that as lackeys, we can eat shit, but we prefer to eat meat!” Dawn smiled.

“So, you want the Spiritual Race to fail? Or rather, you want the Spiritual Race to be unable to achieve their strategic goals in this battle. So you can continue to maintain the value of your lackeys or even increase your importance?” Wei Bin asked.

“Brilliant!” Dawn snapped his fingers. “Then, on this basis, both sides should have a basis for trading and trust, right?”

Wei Bin did not answer immediately. He looked at Cai Shaochu again. In the incubation chamber, Cai Shaochu nodded at Wei Bin again. “What do you want to trade?”

“I heard that the Huaxia Sector obtained several three-dimensional eco-planting systems in extremely harsh environments, including hardware and technology. I want two sets!” Dawn said.

“You guys have a sharp nose.”

“You can’t be a dog without a sharp nose.”

“This shouldn’t be some high-end technology, right? Even the Mechanical Spirit Race has it. Didn’t your master, the Spiritual Race, give it to you?”

“Hah!”

“Deal!”

“I need you to send the things to the appointed location. Don’t play any tricks. Your tricks are useless in front of us. Of course, even if it succeeds, it’s useless. Lieutenant General Wei should understand, right?” Dawn said.

“What about the information we want?” Wei Bin asked.

“I haven’t been informed yet. I’ll inform you immediately if I am informed of the operation,” Dawn said.

“This is a transaction without any capital! You can specify the location. When the information is delivered, we will hand over what you want. Of course, your people can check the goods first,” Wei Bin said.

“No problem! I’ll be worried if you give it to me directly. By the way, let me give you a piece of news for free. Lei Tian seems to be very interested in the location of Shang Long and Erera,” Dawn said.

Wei Bin and Cai Shaochu frowned at the same time. Although this information was simple, it represented the sincerity of Dawn to a certain extent.

“Thank you.”

“There’s no need to thank me. You’d better beat the Spiritual Race harder. Only then will I be more valuable. Hahahaha!”

Amidst his laughter, Dawn hung up.