Chapter 910 - 910 The Beheading Operation And Luck Are Gone (2)

910 The Beheading Operation and Luck Are Gone (2)

“Order the Transmutation Realms that the various columns have mobilized to speed up the assembly. I want to organize a stronger assault team in a short period of time.”

“Yes!”

Fifteen minutes later, the elite warrior of the Dissimilate Clan who had survived the disaster was sent to Lei Wen, the division commander of the 3rd Division.

As he was his warrior, coupled with the fact that his warrior was also seriously injured and on the verge of death, and that he was carried over by his rescue team, the guards did not check too much and allowed them to pass.

!!

Moreover, this was the person that his division commander had ordered to be summoned.

There were not many red tapes on the battlefield.

At the same time, Xu Tui, who was constantly using the terrain to avoid the concentrated fire and occasionally kill the other party’s team, was trying his best to sense the Origin Crystal powder that he had placed on the Dissimilate Clan’s Evolution Realm warrior.

Ten minutes ago, the Origin Crystal powder had begun to move.

After moving at high speed for ten minutes, it stopped.

Xu Tui immediately contacted Feng Xuanbiao. “Do you have the exact location of the other party’s command center?”

“What do you want to do? Don’t tell me you want to launch a surprise attack on the enemy command center? Don’t do that. Whether or not the surprise attack succeeds, you will definitely be trapped inside. There’s at least an elite guard battalion at the other party’s command center…”

Xu Tui was depressed.

This Feng Xuanbiao was really a little naggy. Of course, Xu Tui understood because of their previous friendship. Feng Xuanbiao was thinking about his safety.

“Comrade Feng Xuanbiao, I now order you, as the possessor of mid-grade Level B individual rights in the Blue Star and Huaxia Sector, to give me the greatest support within the scope of your responsibilities!”

“Yes, please instruct me, Commander!”

Level B rights were the rights of a commander on the Blue Star.

“Give me the intelligence on the enemy command center immediately!”

“Report, we have detected four locations suspected to be enemy command posts according to the enemy’s communication information flow. As we could not determine the exact location of the enemy’s command center, we have not launched a blanket attack!” Feng Xuanbiao reported.

“Send me the locations of the four suspected enemy command centers. Then, differentiate the clothes of the enemy generals and send them to me!”

“Yes!”

“I’m about to carry out a beheading operation. I can’t guarantee success, but if I succeed, please don’t waste the opportunity,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood!”

On the other side of the communication device, Feng Xuanbiao gave a standard military salute.

In Feng Xuanbiao’s opinion, Xu Tui would face death if he failed in the beheading operation alone. Under such circumstances, the only way to quickly solve the problem of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector was to behead them.

Under such circumstances, only a true warrior and an expert with a fearless heart would dare to execute the beheading operation.

Far away, Feng Xuanbiao felt deep veneration for Xu Tui.

In the past, Feng Xuanbiao had thought that Xu Tui was a genius with cultivation talent and was stingy. He thought that Xu Tui was a talent worthy of his attention and cherished by the Huaxia Sector.

Now, Feng Xuanbiao only had respect for Xu Tui.

As for the Huaxia Sector, it was precisely because there were countless fearless warriors like Xu Tui who pounced forward and risked their lives that they could stand on the Blue Star for a long time.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui received a message from Feng Xuanbiao regarding the location of the enemy’s suspected command center.

Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat when he compared it with Ah Huang.

The location of the dozen or so Origin Crystal powder that he had inserted into the Spiritual Magnetic Marker was one of the suspected locations.

He could only say that it was possible.

Xu Tui had only casually set up this plan because he suddenly realized this possibility.

In such a subversive extermination situation, the enemy commander might summon the only survivor.

If Xu Tui had been the commander-in-chief, he would most likely have done the same. If he wanted to deal with the enemy, he had to understand the enemy first. This was the basic method.

However, up until now, Xu Tui had only made a judgment. He could not confirm that the location of the Origin Crystal Powder that had entered the Spiritual Magnetic Marker was the command center.

Moreover, once Xu Tui’s mind power remotely interfered with the Spiritual Magnetic Center’s activation ability, it would immediately alert the guards or the supernatural beings around him.

Xu Tui only had one chance.

However, Xu Tui was also prepared for the worst.

If it was not the command center, he would pick up the highest-ranking officer and kill him. In any case, it would cause chaos!

Thirty seconds later, the genetic ability chains such as the mental hammer, the earth spike, the Mountain Formula, and the Water Explosion Technique were all waiting to be activated under the guidance of Xu Tui’s mind power.

A wisp of mind power silently entered the red jade slip.

If he was really in the enemy’s command center, Xu Tui would kill him in one strike.

The mind power enhancement necklace was activated.

In the distance, a team of 50 people was patrolling toward where Xu Tui was hiding. However, based on the speed, it would take at least another minute.

A minute was enough!

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mind power instantly activated the Spiritual Magnetic Marker in the distance.

The first Origin Crystal powder activated the Heart Sword Heart Eye!

Xu Tui immediately saw the situation within a radius of tens of meters. More than a dozen tall Spirits were here. One of the uniforms was exceptionally eye-catching. According to the information sent by Feng Xuanbiao, the uniform of a senior colonel of the Spiritual Race was the highest military rank of everyone present.

Even if this person was not a commander, his status was extremely high.

Any Spirit had an extremely high status in the combat troops.

It was also at this moment that Lei Wen suddenly frowned and looked at the elite warrior he was asking. An extremely unfamiliar mental fluctuation appeared on this elite warrior.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s quantum entanglement energy teleportation ability was activated in the distance. In his mind, the red flame flashed and surged into the mental hammer.

...

In an instant, the expanding mental hammer, supported by the red fire slip, crossed space and appeared above Lei Wen’s head. Without any warning, it blasted towards Lei Wen’s head under the guidance of the Heart Sword Heart Eye.

The incomparably powerful mental fluctuation that suddenly erupted was even close to a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. Lei Wen did not have time to react.

It was too sudden!

An attack appeared without any warning.

The mental hammer, which had been enhanced by the red fire slip, struck Lei Wen’s head. It had to be known that back then, Lei Xiang had already stepped into the quasi-planetary realm with one foot. He was also affected by the mental hammer enhanced by the red fire slip.

At that time, Xu Tui had not broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

At this moment, Xu Tui had already broken through to the Genetic Evolution Realm. His mind power had increased exponentially, and his genetic chain-related abilities had also increased exponentially.

With the hammer, Lei Wen’s body suddenly swayed. Blood spurted out of his seven orifices as he fell to the ground.

“Enemy attack!”

“Protect the division commander!”

The guards screamed, but all of them were dumbfounded.

...

Where was the enemy?

They could not see the enemy!

Swish!

Just as a guard was supporting Lei Wen at lightning speed, an earth spike appeared out of thin air behind Lei Wen’s head and pierced into the back of his head. It pierced out of Lei Wen’s mouth!

Brain matter splattered everywhere!

It was another quantum entanglement energy teleportation.

Everyone was stunned!

Everyone in the command center of the Spiritual Race’s 3rd division was stunned. Under all of their gazes, Division Commander Lei Wen was killed by an invisible enemy!

He died on the spot!

All the guards and staff officers felt like they were dreaming.

They were going crazy!

This was a dream! Hurry up and wake up!

However, what welcomed them was a small mountain.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui did not hold back even after he had killed his main target. Regardless of whether or not he had killed the commander of this army, as long as it was the Spiritual Race, they were definitely the core of this army.

Killing the Spiritual Race was equivalent to killing the core of this army. It would be effective.

There were more than ten Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had thrown into the body of the elite warrior of the Dissimilate Clan. He had only used three pills just now.

Xu Tui used it without holding back.

A small mountain appeared out of thin air and smashed down.

Bang!

The warrior who had just escaped and was personally summoned by his division commander was dumbfounded.

Where was the luck? Where was his luck from escaping death previously?

In the next moment, he turned into meat paste! Several of the Spiritual Race’s staff officers were also reduced to meat paste with him.

Xu Tui was still using the quantum entanglement state to teleport the spikes to the back of their heads.

In just a few seconds, there was no one alive within a ten-meter radius of the warrior.

The guards in the distance could not help but roar in fear when they saw this terrifying scene.