Chapter 917 - 917 Wiping Out And Changing The Battle Situation (2)

917 Wiping Out and Changing the Battle Situation (2)

Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng looked at this shocking battle record and felt as if they were in a dream.

Not to mention four against 15, even if it was 15 against 15, they would still be wiped out.

Under normal circumstances, the combat strength of a Transmutation Realm expert from the Spiritual Race was much stronger than a Transmutation Realm expert from the Blue Star. The strength of a Transmutation Realm expert from the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race was similar to that of a human from the Blue Star.

According to most of the intelligence, excluding the command factor, it would be good enough if they could win 15 against 15.

Being completely wiped out was impossible.

It was still possible to wipe them out 30 against 15. But now, four against 15, they had actually wiped them out.

At that moment, Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng suddenly understood why Xu Tui had mid-grade Level B rights at his age.

They understood why Xu Tui could change the situation of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector alone.

They understood why Feng Xuanbiao wanted Xu Tui to be the leader among them.

Currently, the top combat strength of the Planetary realm powerhouses in the various human sectors, such as Cai Shaochu, Haren, Itavi, and the others, had the strength of a Transmuation Realm when they were in the Evolution Realm.

However, they did not know if they were as strong as Xu Tui.

“How are the casualties?”

Xu Tui asked Zhou Chuan. They had wiped fifteen people with four people, but Zhou Chuan, who was also focused by the enemy, was also severely injured.@@novelbin@@

The right hand that was holding the saber had been crippled. It had been replaced by the left hand.

“Clean up the battlefield and rest before fighting.”

As he spoke, Xu Tui drank a bottle of Level B Energy Activity Elixir.

Although the battle process was only a minute, the consumption and intensity of the battle just now were extremely intense.

In just a minute, nearly 30% of Xu Tui’s mind power was consumed.

These Transmutation Realm experts had many things on them, including Origin Crystals.

The four of them split the profits simply. Xu Tui received more than 400 grams of Origin Crystals. He did not take some alien elixirs.

However, Xu Tui took the two aqua-blue Origin Crystal ability seal cards that he had found on Lang Kun’s body.

This thing required mind power to activate. The Extreme Branch could not unleash much power, so Xu Tui accepted it.

Judging from his senses, it should be a defensive type.

Under normal circumstances, those who could create such cards had to be at least a quasi-planetary-level. Xu Tui could also use it at the critical moment.

Xu Tui felt a little pity as he looked at the corpses of the 15 alien invaders.

These corpses could be exchanged for contribution points, but Xu Tui did not pity them. It was a pity that there were still many differences in appearance and size between the various species. Otherwise, they might be able to sneak all the way to the enemy’s command center as long as they did not talk and impersonate them.

Xu Tui suddenly remembered Painted Skin.

Painted Skin’s ability to change her appearance would be extremely good if it was used on such a battlefield.

Unfortunately, this ability was relatively rare, and Painted Skin Feng Qian was Xu Tui’s target.

Actually, it was very easy to impersonate the Dissimilate Clan and the Spiritual Race.

The Spiritual Race was only tall. Men were usually at least two meters tall.

Xu Tui was now 1.9 meters tall and slightly shorter. Could there be no shorties in the Spiritual Race?

The Dissimilate Clan was very similar to humans. The only difference was that many members of the Dissimilate Clan had a mutated characteristic. For example, their skin color, vertical eyes, pointed ears, horns on their heads, and even wings on their backs.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of Mr. Wen Shao.

Did Mr. Wen Shao, who had horns on his head, also mutate some kind of gene?

Previously, Xu Tui had received information that even though An Xiaoxue and Wen Shao were in a competitive state in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Wen Shao had still played some tricks.

However, both Wen Shao and Qu Qingshan had joined An Xiaoxue’s exploration team.

No matter how they fought in school, it was actually just an internal matter of the school. Once they left the Blue Star, they would instantly become comrades who admired each other.

In terms of strength, these three people were all very powerful. Each of them had the strength to fight a Transmutation Realm expert or even kill one.

Xu Tui was very confident in the strength of these three people. However, the key was the supplies.

The most basic category of the Genetic Evolution Realm, including the Genetic Transmutation Realm, was still humans. No matter how powerful a person’s superpower was, they were still humans.

They would die if they did not eat or drink for a long time.

Therefore, they had to defend the Mars base. That was the only way to supply An Xiaoxue and the others.

“Drink a few more bottles of Energy Restoration Elixirs. I’ll treat you. Our reinforcements have just begun,” Xu Tui said.

Ten minutes later, just as Xu Tui and the others were about to continue deeper into the battlefield and attack the scattered patrol teams, Lei Gen, the division commander of the 5th division of the Mars Base, frowned.

“There’s still no response from Lang Kun and the others?”

“Division Commander, I’ve called every ten seconds. I’ve called 50 times, but there’s no response!”

“Where are the others? Where are the members of the assault team under him? Did they call for help?”

“Division Commander, I called, but there was no response.”

“What’s the location?”

“Their communication device has not been moved for ten minutes.”

The commander of the 5th Division, Lei Gen, frowned. “Did all of them die in battle? That’s impossible! Even if a quasi-planetary and 15 Transmutation Realm experts came, how could they all die in battle without even sending out a distress signal?”

“Could it be that there’s more than one quasi-planetary powerhouse coming?” Lei Gen frowned.

“It can’t be a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse! The experts from both sides are all dead. Even a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse can’t come down, let alone two or three. If someone was about to make a move, the battle above would immediately begin!

...

“I was able to come down because I used the commander-in-chief’s secret treasure to reduce my strength and aura,” Lei Zhan, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s advance base, said.

“However, the problem is that such a powerful team that can kill 15 Transmutation Realm experts definitely has the power to change the situation.

“Once they enter our team, they will definitely cause immeasurable damage. We have to find them and kill them!” Lei Gen frowned.

In reality, Xu Tui and the other three had already changed the situation by annihilating the emergency assault team that Lei Gen organized.

Lei Gen’s plan was to get this emergency assault team to mix with the other assault teams after they killed the reinforcements and form an assault team with more than 50 people. Led by Lei Zhan, who had just arrived, they would implement a sharp knife strategy and break through the crater-shaped Mars base in one fell swoop to achieve the opportunity to change the situation.

Currently, the number of people in this future assault team had already decreased by a third before they could organize it.

“In that case, leave it to me! I’ll bring people to kill these flies first. After I settle these worrying matters, I’ll implement the sharp knife tactic!” Lei Zhan said confidently.

“Lord Lei Zhan, you are indeed very powerful, but I’m afraid…”

“Just give me four to five Transmutation Realm experts. They have to be fast and have sharp long-range attacks,” Lei Zhan said.

“No problem.”

“Then I’ll rush to the location of the incident first. Lock onto the location of this group of flies as soon as possible!” Lei Zhan said.

...

A minute later, Lei Zhan quickly left with three Transmutation Realm experts and two Mechanical Transmutation Realm experts.