Chapter 914 - 914 Tool And Death (1)

914 Tool and Death (1)

Mars.

“Zhou Chuan, wake up.” Xu Tui, who was sitting in the driver’s seat of the Aerospace Combat Jet, called out continuously.

Currently, they are still 500 kilometers away from the Mars base. However, they had already encountered a team of Spiritual Race Mechanical Spirit patrols just now. However, the Aerospace Combat Jet was flying at high speed and had temporarily dodged them.

However, this also meant that a battle was about to begin. Before the battle arrived, he had to wake up Zhou Chuan and the other two tools.

That’s right. Xu Tui’s definition of the three Extreme Branch Transmutation Realm experts from the military was that they were tools.

Only a tool could maximize Xu Tui’s wretched combat strength and tactics.

It was just like Yan Lie back then. However, the three of them were sleeping extremely soundly at this moment. The snoring came wave after wave. Xu Tui shouted a few times, but he did not wake them up.

Since he could not wake them up, he could only wake them up physically.

With the perception of a Transmutation Realm expert, he would immediately wake up if he touched it. However, Xu Tui really did not want to touch these men who smelled like sweat. Suddenly, Xu Tui had a childish thought.

Let’s take the pressure off.

With a thought, he activated Spiritual Resonance and Spiritual Concealment.

Zhou Chuan and the other two Extreme Branch Transmutation Realm experts were very tired and had fallen into a deep sleep. Coupled with the fact that they trusted Xu Tui, it was very easy for Xu Tui’s Spiritual Concealment to cut in.

Yes, weave a dream for them.

Weaving the dream of wetting the bed!

Xu Tui participated in military training in junior high. He left home and stayed in the military training school. He easily fell asleep at night.

Xu Tui had a beautiful dream after fell asleep. In his dream, Xu Tui was looking for the toilet. He might have drunk too much water before bed. He kept searching for the toilet, but in his dream, the toilet he found was either closed or had no holes in it.

Finally, after going through countless hardships, Xu Tui, who was in his dream, queued up and found a pit. He quickly rushed in, unbuckled his belt, and posed. He was like a pillar that could hold up the sky and leak a thousand miles.

Awesome!

The next moment, Xu Tui woke up from his dream. He was woken up by the hot and wet water.

Fear… breakdown…

He actually… wet his bed…

In the Aerospace Combat Jet, the lips of Zhou Chuan and the other two, who were sleeping, suddenly curled into a relaxed smile. However, in the next moment, the three of them suddenly opened their eyes at the same time. Their legs were clamped tightly together in an abnormal posture.

Zhou Chuan, who had woken up, looked like a married woman at this moment. He secretly glanced at his pants. It did not seem to be wet! Only then did he heave a sigh of relief.

Fortunately, he was not embarrassed. If he peed in his dreams on the Aerospace Combat Jet, then…

Zhou Chuan, who had relaxed, carefully glanced at Xu Tui again. This child did not seem to have noticed anything unusual about him, right?

Zhou Chuan’s expression instantly froze when he turned around. His other two comrades, He Xiaojun and Jin Zheng, also had a strange expression as they clenched their legs tightly. The posture of the two men squeezing their legs together was as awkward as it could be.

Zhou Chuan also reacted and quickly loosened his legs.

By the side, Xu Tui wanted to laugh out loud when he saw this scene, but he did not dare to.

The adult bed-wetting nightmare series!

But they were indeed a Transmutation Realm expert. Their control was strong enough, so they did not pee.@@novelbin@@

Two minutes later, Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng reported their situation to Xu Tui at the same time. It was also at this moment that the three of them realized that their previous injuries had all healed.

Xu Tui had treated them along the way.

When they set off, according to Xu Tui’s request and Feng Xuanbiao’s suggestion, Xu Tui was the captain of this rescue team.

Under normal circumstances, it was basically impossible for three middle-aged and fierce warriors at the Transmutation Realm to listen to the orders of a young man at the Evolution Realm.

However, Zhou Chuan and the other two were from the military. It was easy to carry out this order.

This was especially so since they had personally experienced Xu Tui’s previous battle results. They believed in Xu Tui.

Xu Tui used an extremely short period of time to express his battle thoughts to the three of them. At the same time, he let them familiarize themselves with the communication of consciousness.

Zhou Chuan and the other two were stunned.

They all knew the importance of being able to communicate with their minds on the battlefield.

Even if it was an instant communication, it would still take time for you to express a meaning. A short sentence would take one second, a long sentence would take two to three seconds.

However, the mental communication instantly completed the intention transmission.

It was very awesome when used in battlefield. Whoever used it would know!

“Get ready. We’ll abandon the aircraft in five minutes. Take these Origin Crystal Powder with you. Each of you has five pills. They can save your lives!”

Zhou Chuan and the other two found it unbelievable, but they still accepted it.

“Also, in order to cooperate, I want all of you to introduce the characteristics of your abilities and the strength of your combat strength,” Xu Tui said.

…

At the same time, the division commander of the 5th Division, Lei Gen, who was commanding the attack on the crater base, also received the news. He had discovered the Blue Star Aerospace Combat Jet and had already sent people to intercept it.

“How many?”

“Reporting to Division Commander, one.”

“How many kilometers away from us?”

“The distance ten seconds ago was 420 kilometers.”

“Tell the surrounding patrol units to retreat and let them in. It would be best if we can let them into 50 kilometers of the crater. That way, they won’t be able to escape even if they have wings. Yin Zhen, bring two Transmutation Realm Mechanical Spirit Race members and join the emergency assault team.

“Find your own fighter jets. If you have the chance, blast their Aerospace Combat Jet. Kill them all with one strike!” Lei Gen personally made his arrangements.

...