Chapter 919 - 919 Target Achieved And Desperation! (1)

919 Target Achieved and Desperation! (1)

Xu Tui could not observe the situation in the third defense fortress. However, 13 minutes after the notification with the commander of the Mars base, Gai Sheng, ended, the alien invaders around the third defense fortress suddenly began to move.

They began to gather slightly in the direction of the third defense castle. Even the energy field fluctuations behind them became sparse.

“Let’s go. The people from the third defense fortress are creating an opportunity for us,” Xu Tui shouted. The four of them immediately took action.

He Xiaojun, who had activated his Eagle Vision, was suddenly a little moved. “They’re all f*cking good men!”

“Hmm?”

“The way they mobilized the enemy’s troops was to organize a suicide assault team. They should be attacking the enemy’s command center. The Evolution Realm expert leading the way was a good man! Look, they’ve advanced another level. The enemy is a little anxious.”

He Xiaojun’s words stunned Xu Tui. He did not expect that the way the third defense fortress mobilized the enemy was the suicide assault team.

It made sense. At this point, this was the only thing that could mobilize the enemy.

The four of them quickly approached on the ground.

Eight kilometers.

Six kilometers.

When they were six kilometers behind the enemy’s position, the enemy’s energy field monitoring became more concentrated. Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng, who were at the front, were exposed.

Immediately, a 100-man patrol team charged over.

“Accelerate if you’re exposed! Old He, attract this 100-man patrol team. We need 10 seconds after the battle! Old Zhou, Old Jin, speed up. Retreat immediately after you reach the designated location.”

The three of them followed Xu Tui’s tactics without hesitation.

Thirty seconds later, the patrol team encountered He Xiaojun. Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng used their strength and speed to circle around him and quickly broke through the patrol team’s defense line.

Almost at the same time, a siren sounded.

In the rear position, four Transmutation Realm experts pounced towards Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng.

He Xiaojun fell into a bitter battle.

“It’s done!”

Xu Tui still did not attack. However, the moment Xu Tui spoke, Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng threw the flying sword and nuclear bomb on their backs to the ground.

Xu Tui instantly accelerated. Five seconds later, he was 1,200 meters away from the nuclear bomb. The mind power enhancement necklace was instantly activated. Under the enhancement, Xu Tui’s mental perception range instantly exceeded 3,000 meters.

Almost at the same time, the two flying swords first slowly took off, then instantly accelerated. At the same time, the moment he spread out his mind power, the entire battlefield appeared within the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s mental perception range had reached 300 meters in front of the third defense fortress. Basically, more than half of the enemy’s base appeared in Xu Tui’s mental perception.

Xu Tui already knew where the enemy headquarters was. However, the enemy command center reacted extremely quickly. The moment Xu Tui and the others were completely exposed, at least a hundred figures pounced over.@@novelbin@@

These hundreds of people were mainly at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

There was only one Transmutation Realm expert left.

In an instant, Xu Tui confirmed the location of the attack. However, Xu Tui was suddenly stunned the moment he confirmed the location. He actually discovered an old acquaintance on this battlefield!

Liu Tianhu!

He was the former commander of the Jincheng Prefecture Preparatory Defense Force, Liu Tianhu.

Xu Tui had mixed feelings about this person. Back then, he had been used as bait. Later on, when the convoy was advancing, he had ignored Xu Tui’s reminder.

Xu Tui only had a bad impression of this person. However, at this moment, when he saw Liu Tianhu leading the suicide assault team from the third defense fortress, they were like a ferocious tiger as they charged into the enemy camp.

To be precise, Liu Tianhu looked more like an injured tiger. He was covered in injuries after a short minute of assault.

However, this person became braver the more he was injured. He exchanged injuries for injuries and stabbed the spear in his hand into the chest of an enemy officer at the Evolution Realm. Then, he charged forward like a bull.

The assault team of more than a hundred people behind him had been reduced by a third.

At this moment, the enemy command center also discovered two flying swords. Before they could react, the two rapidly spinning flying swords suddenly fell backward.

One fell near the command center, while the other fell toward the place with the most enemies.

At the same time, Xu Tui communicated with Liu Tianhu through his consciousness and shouted, “The nuclear bomb is about to explode. Be careful!”

In the end, it was Xu Tui who contacted Liu Tianhu out of the blue. However, Liu Tianhu reacted quickly. He saw the two black spots falling from the sky. On the battlefield, his reaction was extremely sharp.

Their suicide assault team was here to cooperate with this mission.

“Lay down and defend!” Liu Tianhu roared. The soldiers behind him reacted quickly. All of them laid down and raised their energy field defenses. As long as it was not the center of the nuclear fusion bomb explosion, they would be able to reduce their injuries to a certain extent after lying down.

Most importantly, the terrain. They were on the mountain, and the enemy was below. After the nuclear bomb exploded, the radius of the explosion was limited.

This was also the prerequisite for Xu Tui to use the nuclear bomb.

A second later, two balls of blinding light suddenly lit up. Many of the soldiers who were staring were blinded on the spot.

Xu Tui’s mental perception was also repelled by the violent energy fluctuations.

At this moment, everyone looked in the direction of the third defense fortress.

In the Mars base, Commander Gai Sheng, who had not slept for five days, slammed his fist on the command table with a happy expression.