Chapter 918 - 918 Tactics And Suicide Squad Attack

918 Tactics and Suicide Squad Attack

Although it had only been eight to nine months since the establishment of the Mars Base, the style of the Huaxia Sector’s infrastructure demon had continued from a hundred years ago to the present.

Due to the limited geographical location of the Mars base, other than the main base at the top of the mountain, there were also a few satellite bases.

These satellite bases were mainly military-type. During wartime, it could provide powerful firepower support to the Mars base. It was built with fortress-like military buildings.

It was officially called the defense fortress.

This was also the reason why the Mars base of the Huaxia Sector could last until now under the siege of an enemy division. This kind of defense fortress was more resistant to beatings than a sky defense fortress like the Moon because it was built on the ground.

It was also because of the time that the Huaxia Sector’s Mars Base only had three forts.

These three forts covered the entire crater from three angles, making it even more difficult to attack the Mars base. However, after five days of siege, the second defense fortress had been broken through.

The 1,500 garrison troops in the second defense fortress had all sacrificed themselves.

According to the information Xu Tui had obtained through his communication with the Mars Base, as long as one more of the two remaining fortresses was lost, any side of the Mars Base would completely lose its firepower.

At that time, the Spiritual Race army would be able to attack with all their might from this side. Once that happened, the fall of the Mars base would be a matter of time. After all, no matter which base it was, the reserves of long-range firepower bullets were limited.

On the contrary, the ammunition for short-range energy weapons was almost infinite.

Currently, because the first defense fortress had been built for the longest time, there was no possibility of it being broken through in a short period of time. The third defense fortress was already in danger because of the ammunition reserves that were built within the time limit.

They desperately needed help!

If he had the chance, Xu Tui would be able to restrain the attacking troops of the third defense fortress.

These were the exact words of Gai Sheng from the Mars base.

Gai Sheng was previously the commander of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. After the establishment of the Mars base, Gai Sheng moved to the Mars base. In terms of internal sequence, the importance of the crater Mars base was far greater than that of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

At this moment, Xu Tui, Zhou Chuan, and the other two were slowly approaching the third defense fortress.

From afar, they could already see the small mountain-like defense fortress.

Currently, it is 13 kilometers away from the third defense fortress and 21 kilometers away from the crater Mars base. It was in a leeward col.

Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng had already fallen asleep to recover their strength. Xu Tui was carefully investigating. Sleeping and recovering at any time was also a unique ability of heroes in the military.

The speed at which he fell asleep was comparable to Xu Tui’s meditation.

Not only was the supernatural technology of the Spiritual Race one to two generations higher than that of the Blue Star humans, but their technology level was also higher than that of the Blue Star humans by a generation or more.

However, the fastest on the Blue Star had always been military technology.

In terms of military technology, the Spiritual Race was only half a generation higher than the humans on the Blue Star.

The crater was the center of the battle between the two sides. The two sides investigated each other and interfered with each other. Under such circumstances, the accuracy and accuracy of the technological reconnaissance devices were greatly reduced.

The closer they got to the center of the crater, the more obvious this situation became.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui and the other three had not been discovered when they infiltrated the core combat area.

The combat uniforms they were wearing had a very powerful anti-reconnaissance function.

Xu Tui carefully controlled the Origin Crystal Powder’s ability to use the Heart Sword Heart Eye. It took him more than half an hour to understand the situation around the third defense fortress.

According to Gai Sheng’s intelligence, there should be 4,000 people attacking day and night around the third defense fortress. Two layers of the Russian nesting doll-like third defense fortress built by the Huaxia Sector had been destroyed. If the last layer was broken through, it would be over.

More than half of the casualties were in the third defense fortress.

Based on Xu Tui’s observation just now, there might be more enemies around the third defense fortress than Gai Sheng and the others had detected. There might be close to 5,000 people.

They must have reinforcements later.

Their military strength was as high as a quarter of the total military strength they had surrounded this place.

However, the key point was that because the area of the third defense fortress was not large, these 5,000 people were spread out in a semi-circle on the front of the third defense fortress.

The number of people was scattered, but they were gathered on one side. It was in the shape of a staircase. As long as Xu Tui showed his head, as long as the commander of the other party was not stupid, he would immediately be surrounded. Furthermore, he would be fighting from above.

Even a Planetary realm powerhouse was afraid of a sea of people, let alone Xu Tui. As long as more than 10 Evolution Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race focused their fire on Xu Tui and hit him, he would be honored on the spot.

It was the kind that did not have a complete corpse.

After studying it for a while, Xu Tui had two sets of battle tactics in his mind. However, he was still lacking an opportunity.

Xu Tui woke Zhou Chuan and the other two up. This time, he did not let them dream.

They were so close to the enemy. If anyone shouted in shame because they peed their pants in their dreams, they would be tragically exposed!

“How do we fight?” Zhou Chuan, who had woken up, asked. The short sleep had allowed them to recover slightly.

The previous battle had completely established trust between Zhou Chuan and the other two and Xu Tui.

“It’s very difficult to solve the predicament of the third defense fortress with just the four of us. Therefore, we have to use some unconventional methods.”

“What unconventional methods?”

“For example, large-scale technological killing weapons,” Xu Tui said.

“But we don’t have any more. The bullets in the third defense fortress were all used up,” He Xiaojun said in confusion.

“I have a warhead.”

Xu Tui took out two 30-kilogram nuclear fusion warheads in front of the three of them. They were once again dumbfounded.

Fortunately, the three of them were also Transmutation Realm experts. They were a little knowledgeable and knew about the ability of the quantum dimensional chain. It was just that they had never seen it before.

When he arrived, Wei Bin had brought Xu Tui a total of 10 warheads. However, Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain only contained three nuclear fusion warheads and two to three-phase thermal bombs because of its size.

The three-phase thermal bomb was more conducive to targeted killing experts. In comparison, the nuclear fusion warhead had a greater range of lethality. As for environmental pollution, it was not considered. The current technology could already treat nuclear pollution, and it was convenient and fast.

“You mean you want us to…” A determined expression appeared on Zhou Chuan’s face. “Count me in. Who’s going to do it?”

Jin Zheng and He Xiaojun looked at each other. He Xiaojun hesitated for a moment. Jin Zheng gritted his teeth and said, “Count me in.”

...

After saying that, Jin Zheng said, “Old He, if you can return alive, remember to take care of your family, especially my daughter’s marriage!”

He Xiaojun’s expression was solemn. “Old Jin, let me do it.”

“No, what were you guys thinking about? Why did you suddenly want to part ways with me?” Xu Tui became anxious when he understood what was going on.

“Commander Xu, didn’t you ask us to transport this nuclear warhead to the enemy and detonate it?”

The three of them looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was speechless. He laughed in anger. He was speechless for a long time. These people from the military were so f*cking cute.

“Don’t. Wouldn’t it be too simple to let you fight bravely like that? If I really want you to fight bravely, I have to tie you to a nuclear warhead and launch you into space.” Xu Tui joked. He took out two expendable flying swords in front of the three of them. He first inserted the mental magnetic pillar into them, then gently released them. He activated his mind power and the two nuclear warheads were firmly fixed to the flying swords.

“Leave the launch and detonation to me. But I need a little distance! I can launch at a distance of three kilometers, but three kilometers is too easy to intercept. I need you to help me send these two nuclear bombs to a distance of one kilometer from the target. Then, retreat immediately. The other person will receive you and retreat,” Xu Tui instructed.

“I promise to complete the mission!” Zhou Chuan and the other two replied at the same time.

Then, Xu Tui contacted Gai Sheng, the commander of the Mars base, who was also the division commander of the 3rd division of the Tiger Regiment.

“Division Commander Gai, I can help with the predicament of the third defense fortress, but I only have one chance. Therefore, I need an opportunity,” Xu Tui said.

...

“What opportunity? We’ll create it!”

“I have a large-scale nuclear bomb here. I need you to help me mobilize the enemy forces more densely. You can also gather them in an area. At the same time, attract the enemy’s attention and give us a chance to get close,” Xu Tui said.

On the other end of the communication device, there was a moment of silence. Then, he suddenly said, “Then you should be able to see the situation around the third defense fortress at any time, right?”

“I can!”@@novelbin@@

“The operation will start in ten minutes. Observe and determine the time to attack,” Gai Sheng said.

“Okay!”

Xu Tui did not know what Gai Sheng’s method was, but it should not be a problem to mobilize the enemy, right?

At the same time, Lei Zhan was carefully observing the location where Xu Tui and the others had killed Lang Kun. His powerful mind power continuously swept across the surrounding ground.

A few minutes later, Lei Zhan suddenly looked to the north where the third defense fortress was.

“The last remnants of their aura are moving in this direction. Inform Division Commander Lei to strengthen the search in this direction and lock onto their location as soon as possible. Also, inform Division Commander Lei that there are four enemies. There are at least three Transmutation Realm experts. I’m not too sure about one. All patrol teams are mainly responsible for reconnaissance. If you see them, avoid them immediately!”

A Transmutation Realm expert immediately informed Lei Gen. If Xu Tui was here, he would probably be shocked on the spot.

Lei Zhan’s mind power tracking ability was too terrifying! He could actually find the remnant aura from more than an hour ago!

…

In the third defense fortress of the crater base.

The garrison commander was giving his final speech before the battle mission. “After I die in battle, the command will be taken over by the deputy battalion commander. If the deputy battalion commander died, the command would be taken over by the staff officers.

“Advisor Zhou, we’ll send the information of our brothers to the base now. Also, if anyone has any last wishes, quickly add them. There are five minutes left! I’ll take the lead.”

“Adviser Zhou, remember this. If I die in battle, can you get Boss Wei to restore my military rank? When the time comes, put a colonel uniform on the urn. My son can be the boss no matter which unit he goes to in the future!” Captain Liu said.

Advisor Zhou, who was recording, smiled bitterly. “You Tiger Liu, come back alive if you have the guts. If you can come back alive today, even if you don’t die in battle, you won’t have a problem with being a colonel. When the time comes, wear it for your son to see!”

“I will work hard to bring more people back alive!” Liu Tianhu said this extremely seriously.

Five minutes later, Liu Tianhu looked at his communication device. “Time’s up. Let’s go!”

“Salute!”

Amidst the salutations of a group of injured soldiers who looked like they were in a sorry state and had lost an arm or a leg, Liu Tianhu, the captain of the third defense fortress, shook his spear. He led the last elites of the defense fortress and strode towards the fortress door.

“Cover them with firepower and cover our attacks! Target the enemy command center!”

Under the sudden cover of intense gunfire, Liu Tianhu led the 103 elites he had chosen to fight out of the defense fortress. They charged towards the command center of the troops that were besieging the third defense fortress.

This was the only tactic they could use after Gai Sheng gave them the mission—a suicide attack!

He was here to mobilize the enemy’s military strength!