Chapter 912 - 912 Genetic Transmutation Update Elixir

912 Genetic Transmutation Update Elixir

Four hours after Xu Tui set off from the moon, a cultivator at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm from the India Sector named Nadira was fully armed. He passed through the quantum portal of the Moon Fire and rushed to Mars.

At this moment, Xu Tui had just set off an hour after he piloted the Aerospace Combat Jet and carried Zhou Chuan and the other two Extreme Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm experts who had started snoring after boarding the plane.

With the speed of the Aerospace Combat Jet, there were still two hours and ten minutes to go before they reached the Mars base.

“Ah Huang, how much intelligence analysis support can you give me?” Xu Tui had been making plans for the rescue along the way.

Xu Tui had fought at the Mars base in the crater. He knew the terrain there very well.

That place was easy to defend and difficult to attack.

This was the reason why the Mars base could last until now under the siege of nearly two divisions of the Spiritual Race.

This was an advantage!

However, this advantage became a disadvantage for the reinforcements.

The Mars base had already been surrounded by the Spiritual Race. In that case, if Xu Tui charged over, he would be able to attack and defend against the Spiritual Race’s forces.

The problem of the Spiritual Race attacking the Mars base fell on Xu Tui again.

It was very difficult! It would be several times more difficult to enter than the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

“There’s too little information available. Because the communication satellite was destroyed, it can’t be transmitted in real time. There was only intermittent information.

“Based on this information, based on your current combat strength, the probability of you breaking through the encirclement of the Spiritual Race and entering the Mars base is about 8%!” Ah Huang said.

This number made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. “So low? What about the death rate?”

“Ninety-two percent? There are no exceptions?”

“No.”

“You didn’t calculate my strength based on an ordinary Genetic Evolution Realm, did you?” Xu Tui found it unbelievable.

“Do you think I would make such a low-level mistake?”

“Then the death rate is 92%?”

“The terrain of the crater determines that the closer you are to the Mars base, the easier it is for you to be surrounded! The possibility of not being discovered is zero!”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“What do you suggest?”

“My suggestion is to give up on this operation. It’s best to listen to Feng Xianbiao’s suggestion and bring at least 10 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. In that case, the probability of you rushing into the Mars base of the crater can reach 40%,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui frowned. Suddenly, his frown deepened. “Wait, why do we have to kill our way into the Mars base?”

“Aren’t you going to reinforce the Mars base?”

“There are many forms of reinforcements. I think that as long as the Mars base is not lost, we can completely restrain the enemy in the periphery and cause chaos for the enemy to reduce the pressure on the defense of the base. Give me the most detailed terrain information around the crater.”

At the same time, in the mobile command center of the 5th Division of the Spiritual Race, Division Commander Lei Gen received an order from Commander Lei Tian.

“Be careful of the Blue Star’s reinforcements. Send out patrolling and intercepting troops as soon as possible. Don’t make the same mistake!” Lei Tian reminded him.

“Don’t worry, Commander-in-chief. I’ve already arranged it. I’ve even organized a six-person emergency assault team on the periphery,” Lei Gen said.

“Six? It’s not enough!”

“Not enough?” Lei Gen was puzzled. “Division Commander, according to the information that the Aurora sent us, the total number of reinforcements sent by the Blue Star is only six. They are all at the Genetic Evolution Realm, and they are not gathered together. There’s a high chance that they are acting separately…”

“There’s one whose strength is uncertain. It’s the one who beheaded Lei Wen! It’s very likely that he’s a Transmutation Realm expert who used a secret technique to restrain his fluctuations or some other method.”

As soon as he said that, Lei Gen’s eyes turned red. “Division Commander, do you think that the guy who strangely beheaded Lei Wen is also here?”

“The possibility is high.”

“Then I’ll organize a ten-person emergency assault team to avenge my brother!”

“It’s best to have more. Don’t be careless! The battle has already reached the most critical moment. As long as you stabilize your side, we will obtain the final victory soon,” Lei Tian said.

As soon as he said that, Lei Gen’s gaze changed. “Commander-in-chief, are we going to flip Phobos?”

“When the strength arrives, we have to flip it over! We can’t delay any longer. The strategy on the Moon has failed. If we delay any longer, the reinforcements of the Blue Star humans will only increase. I’ll give you another day to take down the Mars base. I want to use the crater base to change the situation,” Lei Tian said.

“Don’t worry, Commander. I’ll definitely complete the mission!”

After ending the communication with Lei Gen, the commander of the 5th Division, Lei Tian took over the other communication device that had just been connected from the adjutant.

However, the call that was connected made Lei Tian’s expression a little unhappy.

“Dawn, it’s really difficult to contact you now!”

On the other end of the communication device, Dawn’s laughter could be heard. “Commander-in-chief, you must be joking. It’s not that you can’t contact us, but your attack was too sharp. It directly destroyed most of the communication satellites on Mars and the moon. A few of them are our own secret communication satellites. They were also destroyed, causing us to lose contact.”

“Are you blaming me?”

“No, no. I’m just explaining the objective facts! We can contact you now. We only managed to contact you through layers of stepping stones.”

Hearing this, Lei Tian’s expression softened slightly. This was indeed difficult.

“How’s the progress with the matter I entrusted to you?” Lei Tian asked.

“I’ve already contacted him.”

“Can he cooperate with the operation?”

“Yes.”

“That’s good.”

Before Lei Tian could be happy, the word ‘but’ appeared in Dawn, causing Lei Tian to frown.

“Speak.”

...

“Commander-in-chief, you know that the status of these people and what they are about to do are not things that can be moved by a casual order,” Dawn said.

“You need benefits?”

“Yes, we have an old saying that an emperor is not short of hungry soldiers. I don’t have the ability to make them kill their heads with just one sentence,” Dawn said.

“What request? Just tell me.”

“It’s that Silver Spirit Box. After you purify it, they want five each, there’s three of them, so fifteen in total,” Dawn said.

Lei Tian laughed angrily. “Guess, do I have that much?”

“I think so. They’re worth the price!”

Hearing this, Lei Tian took a deep breath. “I want to pay, but I can’t afford this price! There are a total of five. This is all I have in stock.”

This time, it was Dawn’s turn to be silent.

“It’s not enough! They’ll pay everything for this move,” Dawn insisted.

“That’s all I have.”

...

“Then add more. Add something else.”@@novelbin@@

“What do you want?”

“Star map, your Spiritual Race’s star map, and your Spiritual Race’s Genetic Transmutation Renewal Elixir,” Dawn said.

“Longevity Elixir?”

“It’s not the trash that you sold us previously that can only increase your lifespan by more than ten years. It’s the real Longevity Elixir. I want five portions! And a star map,” Dawn said.

“You’re thinking too much.” Lei Tian shook his head. “Actually, it was just a coincidence. Otherwise, those three people were not worth this price at all! It’s not even worth five silver boxes of spirit.”

“Even pigs can fly when they’re standing in the wind! They happen to be standing in the wind now. What you need is valuable, right?” Dawn said.

“It looks like the vicious dog we’re supporting has already begun to bite its owner.” Lei Tian sighed in pity.

“You’re not full. You have thoughts when you see meat! Yes, just as the commander-in-chief said, we were only nurtured by you, not raised by you. Now, I think we can redefine our relationship!” Dawn said.

“How do you redefine it?”

“Cooperation! We should be partners with the commander-in-chief!”

“I don’t like such a partner,” Lei Tian said.

“I think you’ll like it! Or should we contact each other when we have the chance?” Dawn threatened.

“The star map is also a precious treasure in our Spiritual Race. It’s impossible for me to give you a full version. I don’t have it either! I can give you the star map within five light-years of the Blue Star.

“As for the Genetic Transmutation Renewal Elixir that you mentioned, I don’t have it. I don’t have it either! However, the Longevity Elixir can increase the activity of the Genetic Chain Elixir. I can give you five of them. Each of them could increase one’s lifespan by 30 to 40 years. But I have a condition,” Lei Tian said.

“The whereabouts of Shang Long and Erera, right? If you don’t want to hear the information I made up to mislead you, then don’t add that condition. I really don’t know,” Dawn said.

“Of course, if you’re unwilling, we can contact each other in the future, my partner, the commander-in-chief,” Dawn added.

Lei Tian’s depression was indescribable. He felt that he was being controlled by Dawn. This feeling was extremely uncomfortable and made him very unhappy. However, for the sake of victory, he understood that he could only pinch his nose and accept all of this for the time being.

He had invested too much in this battle! If he won, he would be able to step into the Saint Hall!

However, if he lost, he did not dare to think too much about the price he would have to pay!

In any case, that was a result that he was definitely unwilling to face and accept.

Based on the current losses, if Mars really lost, their team would probably be finished.

Therefore, at this moment, even though he felt that he was being threatened by the former dog, Dawn, he still had to pinch his nose and accept it!

He had to win this battle first!

“Deal, my new partner,” Lei Tian pinched his nose and said gloomily.

“Commander-in-chief, no one in this world is as wise as you. Please accept my praise! Finally, I have a small request. We have to see something first before we can take action,” Dawn said.

“Sure. I’ll seal the items in a storage box that can be used to check items. There’s a countdown self-destruction program set up inside! On the battlefield, when your people activate it, I will immediately activate the key for you,” Lei Tian said.

This move made Dawn a little dissatisfied. “Commander, isn’t this…”

“The treatment of a partner, trust and suspicion. Is that what you want?” Lei Tian said.

Dawn: “Alright…”