Chapter 916 - 916 Wiping Out And Changing The Battle Situation (1)

916 Wiping Out and Changing the Battle Situation (1)

Fortunately, Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng had extremely rich combat experience. The shock and surprise only lasted for a moment before He Xiaojun, who was closest to them, pounced towards the remaining Transmutation Realm mutant.

Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng turned around and pounced towards the four invader Transmutation Realm teams at two o’clock.

At this moment, the Transmutation Realm team that had already reached 600 meters was shocked and excited.

They were just short of screaming!

It only took them eight seconds to arrive.

However, their other three companions could not even last eight seconds!

The remaining Transmutation Realm expert of the Dissimilate Clan was shocked by the instant death of his companion.

There must be a problem. Could it be that there were still undiscovered enemies around? His mind power surged crazily. Suddenly, he discovered the figure of an enemy behind a mound.

“Be…”

Bang!

Before he could warn his companions, the mental hammer smashed down.

He Xiaojun, who had just arrived, took the opportunity to attack and kill! At the same time, Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng, who were fighting two against four, instantly fell into a bitter battle. This was especially so for Zhou Chuan. He was actually fighting three enemies at once.

He instantly fell into a life-and-death crisis.

Zhou Chuan was unafraid of this. He had followed Xu Tui out to reinforce the crater base. He was already prepared to sacrifice himself.

“You’ll only deal with the middle one. Leave the rest to me!”

The moment Xu Tui’s voice sounded in Zhou Chuan’s mind, he instantly focused on the person in the middle. Of the other two, one suddenly had a drastic change in expression and jumped high into the air.

The four-meter-long spike forced him to jump up and exert force again.

The other person was stunned for a moment.

Mental Hammer!

Another bang.

Earth Spike!

One was pierced.

Then, Xu Tui fired his mental hammers continuously. He Xiaojun, who had rushed over, also joined the battle.

The strange scene from before appeared again. Their opponent was like a fool, allowing them to kill him easily. However, this time, they all understood that Xu Tui had definitely taken action.

Now, they somewhat understood Xu Tui’s strategy.

At the same time, Lang Kun and Yin Zhen arrived with the remaining five Transmutation Realm experts. At this moment, it had only been 16 seconds since he discovered Zhou Chuan and the others. It had not even been 20 seconds.

However, the eight Genetic Transmutation Realm experts who had rushed over earlier had all died in battle.

What kind of strange scene was this?

The moment Lang Kun arrived, there was an extremely strange magical scene.

Three Blue Star humans at the Genetic Transmutation Realm killed eight members of their assault team, which was purely composed of Transmutation Realm experts, in 16 seconds.

Those three should be quasi-planetary cultivators, right? Did it have to be so magical?

“Be careful. There might be hidden enemies. Kill!”

Lang Kun carefully searched his surroundings. The seven of them charged towards Zhou Chuan and the others at the same time. Suddenly, a powerful mental fluctuation came over. Lang Kun’s expression changed. “Be careful, someone is ambushing us!”

As soon as Lang Kun finished speaking, another Transmutation Realm expert who was leaping at lightning speed fell without warning.

The moment he fell, a few earth spikes protruded from the ground.

Perfect penetration!

At first glance, it looked like the Transmutation Realm expert of the Fission Race had fallen into the trap.

However, the Transmutation Realm cultivator of the Fission Race was also extremely powerful. The moment he was pierced through, his mental body, which had just been shaken, regained a trace of clarity. His entire body suddenly shattered.

The parts that were skewered were all abandoned.

Fission!

Boom!

Under the Mountain Formula, the Transmutation Realm expert of the Fission Race who had just escaped with his racial ability turned into meat paste.

“I found you. Here!” Lang Kun’s eyes lit up. He instantly locked onto Xu Tui’s direction. “He can use mental attacks. Retract your power. It can greatly reduce the damage of his mental attacks!”

As he spoke, Lang Kun first raised a transparent blue water barrier. The moment it was raised, the water barrier was like a sea that had encountered a storm, rapidly fluctuating.

Xu Tui, who had been discovered, revealed himself with a cold smile. He smashed his mental hammer forward.

However, to his surprise, the mental hammer was blocked by the rapidly vibrating blue water barrier and did not hit Lang Kun himself.

Seeing this, Lang Kun laughed loudly and pounced toward Xu Tui. Dozens of streams of water were already like whips that whipped toward Xu Tui. “You relied on your mental attacks to fool around. Now that you’ve been exposed, let’s see what you can do!”

The corners of Xu Tui’s lips curled up slightly.

Quantum entanglement energy teleportation.@@novelbin@@

An earth spike suddenly appeared in Lang Kun’s defensive water barrier and pierced towards his brows at lightning speed.

Lang Kun’s expression changed drastically. He did not hesitate to break a water card in his hand to save his life. However, almost at the same time, a mental hammer was sent in and slammed into Lang Kun’s head.

Lang Kun’s gaze faded.

Pfft!

The earth spike pierced into his brows. In his palm was the blue water card he had taken out.

...

In the next moment, the sharp whistle of a flying sword rang out.

The leader, Lang Kun, had been killed. There was no doubt about Xu Tui’s sneaky and cooperative tactics.

It was worth mentioning that when they saw that the situation was not right, Yin Zhen, who had been sniping from afar, and the Transmutation Realm cultivator of Dissimilate Clan wanted to escape, but they still could not escape Xu Tui’s flying sword.

In a minute, all 15 members of the emergency assault team formed by Lei Gen were wiped out, including the captain, Lang Kun.