Chapter 911 - 911 Origin Gathering Breath Crystal

911 Origin Gathering Breath Crystal

Lei Wen, the commander of the Spiritual Race’s attack on the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, was beheaded by Xu Tui from dozens of kilometers away.

The enemy had not been seen, but the division commander and the combat staff had all been killed.

Chaos quickly rippled through the Spiritual Race troops like a stone thrown into the water. Most importantly, the participating forces of the Spiritual Race were also very mixed.

There was a portion of the elite teams of the Spiritual Race. Then, they were mainly composed of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race.

This situation was a little similar to the situation inside the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.

Once something went wrong, these problems would be magnified exponentially.

If Feng Xuanbiao could not even grasp such an opportunity and could not discover it, it could only mean that Feng Xuanbiao’s nepotism was a little too long. However, Feng Xuanbiao was a general who had fought his way up through military contributions. He did not have any nepotism at all.

A minute later, he noticed the abnormal behavior of the Spiritual Race troops.

Two minutes later, taking advantage of the fact that the pressure on their defense had greatly decreased, Feng Xuanbiao gathered the remaining 15 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts in the Huaya Sector’s Mars base into a sharp knife and began to counterattack.

The 20-thousand-man formation that Lei Wen had split up in order to avoid being covered by gunfire had become the most fatal point.

The Spiritual Race troops were on the verge of collapse.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui, who had spent a lot of effort to get rid of the small group of soldiers, immediately sent a message to Feng Xuanbiao.

“How is it, Brigade Feng? Did I kill their division commander?”

On the other side of the communication device, Feng Xuanbiao, who was suppressing his anger and commanding the troops, was stunned. “You… are still alive?”

“No, Brigade Feng, what do you mean? Do you think I should die?”

“No… Xu Tui, that’s not what I meant…” Feng Xuanbiao stuttered on the spot. He had a feeling that he could not explain himself.

It was mainly because it was already a blessing to be able to succeed in this beheading operation on the battlefield. After succeeding, the perpetrator had no chance of retreating unscathed.

Therefore, the moment he realized that the beheading operation was successful, Feng Xuanbiao instinctively thought that Xu Tui had been heroic.

He did not expect Xu Tui to execute the target from dozens of kilometers away.

Actually, this was also the reason why Xu Tui was able to successfully execute the beheading operation this time.

The attack from dozens of kilometers away was too strange.

In fact, the Spiritual Race also had a similar ability to teleport energy in the quantum entangled state.

For example, some of the Saints who could completely resonate with the core of the quantum array also had such an ability.

However, it was extremely rare!

It was very rare to begin with, and they rarely took action. As a result, most people did not know about such an ability. More importantly, this energy teleportation ability had many restrictions. It did not mean that this ability could cover the entire map.

Based on Xu Tui’s current situation, he needed a medium.

For example, the key factor in the beheading operation previously was the Origin Crystal Powder that Xu Tui had used to form the mental magnetic pillar.

These things could not reach Lei Wen. No matter how strange Xu Tui’s ability was, it could not hurt Lei Wen.

Xu Tui did not take any more risks after that.

It was safer to be honest.

Xu Tui followed 1,000 meters behind the assault team organized by Feng Xuanbiao and silently played a trick.

Do you think that your enemy is the other side? In reality, there was an enemy looking at you from a thousand meters away. It was either a mental hammer, an earth spike, or a flying sword that specializes in killing enemies.

An hour later, the 3rd Division of the Spiritual Race that had besieged the Mars base of the Huaya Sector collapsed. More than half of them were wiped out.

Nearly 80% of the elite forces had been killed by the assault team.

Then, the beheading team formed by the assault team completely paralysed the command system of the Spiritual Race’s mixed third division. Most of the officers were forcefully killed or even killed.

There were only one or two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts in a column. They could not stop the teams from the Huaxia Sector at all.

The difficult situation of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector was temporarily resolved.

When the news reached Wei Bin, he froze.

At this moment, it had been less than three hours since Xu Tui had rushed to Mars. The fourth Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator from the Russian Federation could only go in after ten minutes.

After thinking for a while, Wei Bin sent a suggestive order to the Huaya Sector’s Mars base. “Do as you can. If you have the strength, prioritize rushing to the Huaxia Sector’s crater base. However, you have to reserve enough strength for the Huaya Sector’s Mars base!”

Wei Bin was on the moon, and because the space station and communication satellite had been destroyed, the communication efficiency was extremely low. Wei Bin’s understanding of the situation on Mars was extremely limited.

Therefore, Wei Bin was very wise and did not interfere with the command. Everything had to be handed over to the frontline commander.

“I want to go to the Huaxia Sector’s crater base. I have to go!” Xu Tui, who was quickly replenishing his food and energy in the Huaya Sector’s Mars base, was very determined when he faced Feng Xuanbiao.

“Give me some time. Give me another five hours. I’ll mobilize 10 Genetic Transmutation Realms and 20 Genetic Evolution Realms to assist the crater base with you,” Feng Xuanbiao said.

After saying that, Feng Xuanbiao said, “The situation over at the crater is very serious. That seems to be the main target of the enemy.

Currently, the 5th Division of the Spiritual Race was in charge of the main attack. The 7th Division, which was in charge of supporting the battlefield, had also sent half of its troops to the battlefield of the crater base.

It was just that the location of the crater base was relatively special and was beneficial to defense. Otherwise, it was unknown if they could last until now.@@novelbin@@

“Based on the information from the crater base, there are more elite forces gathered there than on our side. A third of the Fallen Star team in the crater is already here!”

“Half of the Fallen Star team has been sacrificed?”

This information meant that the situation in the crater base was really dangerous.

For example, the Mars base of the Huaya Sector had a total of 20 people. Among them, 60% of the warriors in the Huaxia Sector were from the Fallen Star team.

However, up until now, the Fallen Star team from the Huaya Sector’s Mars base had not been deployed.

Due to the fact that the Huaxia Sector’s crater base had a quantum portal, its location was more important. The Fallen Star team there had a platoon of Fallen Star Warriors in the Huaxia Sector alone.

Including the people from the other sectors, there were a total of 50 people in the Fallen Star team.

...

A third of them had already died. One could imagine how intense the battle was.

Basically, it was possible that the assault team composed of Transmutation Realm experts from the Spiritual Race had already approached or killed their way into the crater base.

Otherwise, they would not have used the Fallen Star team!

“Yes, so they need more effective support over there! Give me some time. I’ll get you to bring an elite team over,” Feng Xuanbiao said.

“In that case, I can’t wait any longer. I have to go there immediately. It will take three hours even if I use the Aerospace Combat Jet to get to the crater base from here,” Xu Tui said.

“But…”

“No buts. How many people can you transfer to me? I’ll bring a few people who can fight,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui had to save the crater immediately. Whether it was for public or private reasons, Xu Tui had to protect the quantum portal of the crater even if he had to risk his life.

An Xiaoxue’s Pioneer Raiders Team had set off from the quantum portal of the Mars base. He did not know when they would return.

However, as long as the quantum portal of the crater-shaped Mars base remained in the hands of the Blue Star Humans, the Blue Star Humans could continuously send supplies and pioneer raiders over.

However, if the Mars base was lost, then…

...

Xu Tui did not even dare to imagine the consequences. He even had the courage not to face it! Previously, when he landed on Mars, Xu Tui seemed to be able to choose a landing spot because of the abnormal movements of the red fire slip.

However, at that time, Xu Tui chose to obey the military orders. Even though Xu Tui was not a soldier, he had to obey military orders on the battlefield.

That was a military order then. At this moment, Xu Tui had autonomy.

“At this moment… I’m afraid that there’s no one on my side who can fight…” Feng Xuanbiao smiled bitterly.

“Not a single person can fight?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“The shortest duration that the Genetic Transmutation Realms under my command have been fighting for was three consecutive days. They have exhausted their stamina, mind power, and supernatural powers…” Feng Xuanbiao smiled bitterly.

Xu Tui was stunned.

However, this was normal. They had been in battle for five days. The burden of fighting continuously without sleep was huge. This was especially so for the Mystery Branch. If they did not sleep and could not rest, then even the effects of the Level B Energy Activity Elixir would plummet.

“Commander, I can still fight!”

Suddenly, three burly but tired-looking men appeared behind Feng Xuanbiao. All of them were injured and were wearing military combat uniforms.

“We are from the Extreme Branch. Our stamina recovers rather quickly,” the leader, Zhou Chuan, said. “Moreover, it takes time to head to the crater base. On the way, we can rest for three to four hours. Together with the medicine, we can recover about 70% of our strength!”

Feng Xuanbiao looked at Xu Tui.

“No problem. They can sleep when they board the plane!”

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui boarded the Aerospace Combat Jet. The three Extreme Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm soldiers, who had eaten their fill, fell asleep the moment they boarded the plane.

Xu Tui’s Aerospace Combat Jet had not taken off when he heard snoring.

…

In the hollow meteorite, in the temporary Spiritual Race battle command center, the urgent report that they had just received stunned Commander Lei Tian. His eyes were filled with worry.

The third division that had besieged the Mars base of the Huaya Sector had been defeated by the garrison.

Division Commander Lei Wen had died in battle!

Most of the elite forces and officers were killed. The remaining troops could not be rebuilt in a short period of time.

Lei Wen was also a close relative of Lei Tian. He was one of the more outstanding ones. According to the scattered information, reinforcements from the Blue Star had executed a precise beheading operation on Lei Wen, causing the Third Division to be defeated.

The reinforcements sent by the Blue Star from the moon should be very few, and their strength was limited.

How exactly did he do it? Could it be that there were still quasi-planetary-level powerhouses left on the Mars ground?

At this moment, Lei Tian was tempted. He wanted to personally rush to Phobos and quickly end this battle. However, Shang Long and Erera, who had not revealed any traces, made Lei Tian extremely wary.

“It’s not time for me to attack. Lei Zhan,” Lei Zhan suddenly shouted.

A man with thunderous eyes heard the shout and took a step forward to wait for the order.

“Lei Zhan, make a trip to Mars.”

Lei Zhan frowned. “Sir, I am the commander of your guards. According to my duties, I need to protect you closely.”

“You’re the only quasi-planetary-level person beside me now! Make a trip to Mars and go to the crater base first. Take action as soon as possible and take down the crater base. Then, destroy the quantum portal over there. After that, organize the remaining forces to attack the other bases,” Lei Tian instructed.

Lei Zhan frowned, but he still nodded. “Sir, there’s no problem with the operation. However, my aura fluctuation might be sensed by the Planetary realm powerhouses on Phobos and be triggered…”

“I’ll solve this problem!”

As he spoke, Lei Tian handed Lei Zhan a crystal. “The Origin Returning Breath Gathering Crystal refined by the Sanctuary was the first to be used to treat the chaos of supernatural powers.

“After you swallow it, control a portion of the supernatural power in your body and inject it into your body. Your strength and aura fluctuations will decrease to between the quasi-planetary and transmutation realm.

“However, the strength you can unleash will still far exceed the Transmutation Realm. Do you understand?”

“Understood!”

After receiving the crystal, Lei Zhan instantly turned around and left.