Chapter 915 - 915 Tool And Death (2)

915 Tool and Death (2)

Then, Lei Gen immediately contacted Lang Kun, the captain of the emergency raid team. He was a Transmutation Realm expert from the Spiritual Race’s Water Sect.

“I’ve sent you three more long-range Transmutation Realm experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race. There are a total of 15 Transmutation Realm experts. I hope you can take down this reinforcement from the Blue Star in the shortest time possible,” Lei Gen said.

“Division Commander, aren’t you overestimating these people from the Blue Star? I have 15 people on my side. We can fight a battle with a quasi-planetary.” Lang Kun was filled with confidence.

“Previously, the 3rd Division suffered greatly at the hands of this person. An assault team of eight Transmutation Realm experts was wiped out by him in a short period of time. I’ve already asked the adjutant to send you the information. Don’t be careless.

!!

“I don’t want you to become a corpse that needs to be spliced! If you’re still looking down on the Blue Star humans, should I change to someone else?” Lei Gen shouted.

On the other end of the communication, Lang Kun instantly saluted and shouted, “Don’t worry, Division Commander. I will definitely respond with the attitude of a life-and-death battle. I will definitely send this person’s corpse to you in the shortest time possible.”

“That would be best. Their real-time location will be transferred to you.”

“Don’t worry, Division Commander.”

Just ten minutes later, Lang Kun, who was constantly monitoring the depth of the Aerospace Combat Jet, suddenly frowned. “Pulled up the altitude and returned? What are they doing?” Magnify the trajectory of the Aerospace Combat Jet just now.”

Ten seconds later, Lang Kun pointed at the flight trajectory and sneered. “You’re smart enough to know that the Aerospace Combat Jet is a big target! Assault team, follow me.”

Finally, he thought about the combat information of this person that his division commander had just sent him. He was good at using large-scale technological weapons on the Blue Star. He added, “Form a combat team of three to four, then head towards this place to search.

The distance of each combat team must not be less than 300 meters or more than 2,000 meters.

“Once you discover the enemy, you can support each other in about ten seconds!”

Lang Kun’s arrangement was mainly to prevent them from being wiped out by the other party with technological weapons like the 3rd Division.

Technology-type weapons were most lethal to the strong in their core explosion range.

Once they passed this range, such as 50 or even 100 meters, the effective lethality of technological weapons against cultivators would be multiplied.

He had learned his lesson.

80 kilometers away, Xu Tui, Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng had already activated the camouflage concealment function of their combat uniforms. The colors around their bodies fused with the Martian terrain. At the same time, they activated the anti-reconnaissance function.

This way, it would be very difficult for the enemy’s overall reconnaissance equipment to track the four of them like the Sky Eye.

“Don’t be anxious. Familiarize yourself with the terrain. I’m a thousand meters behind you. I’ll inform you if an enemy comes.”

Xu Tui commanded Zhou Chuan and the other two from afar. He got the three of them to advance close to the ground while he followed behind the three of them like a tail.

Individual heroism was unacceptable on the battlefield.

This place was still 120 kilometers away from the crater. It was the most complicated area of the terrain that Xu Tui had compared to the crater. It was the most suitable area for guerrilla warfare.

As the terrain was more complicated, a large area of gunfire was not very useful here unless the ground was flattened.

Xu Tui could not choose his enemy.

However, Xu Tui could choose the battlefield.

“There are four enemies five kilometers away from your one o’clock direction. There are also traces of enemies at two o’clock. All of you lean toward one o’clock and listen to my instructions.” Xu Tui’s voice sounded in the minds of Zhou Chuan and the other two.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui gave up on using the Origin Crystal Powder that he had used to observe the enemy in the distance.

They were going to fight.

Although he would be able to kill someone if he used the Thousand Miles Sword Technique to launch a surprise attack, Xu Tui would be exposed in advance.

Almost at the same time, a Transmutation Realm expert reported to Lang Kun immediately.

“Sir, three Blue Star humans have been discovered two kilometers ahead. Their Transmutation Realm auras are already rushing towards us.”

“Slow down the battle! The team on your right will arrive in 12 seconds. The other two teams will also arrive in 20 seconds. Pay attention to your defenses. Don’t be anxious. Don’t be careless.”

“Yes!”

After the call ended, Zhou Chuan and the other two were only a kilometer away from the team.

This Transmutation Realm expert of the Dissimilate Clan had carried out the orders of the Spiritual Race.

Looking at Zhou Chuan and the other two who were charging towards them, the four of them did not take the initiative to rush over. Instead, they searched for active positions to fight.

Three seconds later, Zhou Chuan and the other Mechanical Spirit had already begun their long-range attacks.

Zhou Chuan, Jin Zheng, and He Xiaojun were all Transmutation Realm experts who had fought their way out of the army. Their cultivation and abilities were not outstanding, but they were definitely experienced.

The three of them each stepped on their own rhythm, either lightning or taking the enemy’s long-range attacks head-on.

Three seconds later, they charged forward and accepted the challenge!

However, this combat team was also very smart. They sent out three Transmutation Realm experts to face Zhou Chuan and the other two. The other Transmutation Realm expert of the Dissimilate Clan retreated and fired from afar. They focused on Zhou Chuan, wanting to kill one person first.

At the same time, 1.5 kilometers away, they could already see another team of alien invaders rushing over.

It would take at most ten seconds to surround and annihilate Zhou Chuan and the others.@@novelbin@@

Even though Zhou Chuan and the other two had been through hundreds of battles, they were still a little flustered.

If they were attacked from both sides by these four Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, the three of them would definitely die.

However, at this moment, even though they had some doubts about Xu Tui’s strategy, the three of them could only brace themselves and participate in the battle. They attacked the targets in front of them with all their might, especially Zhou Chuan. He was in a very sorry state after being remotely attacked by another Dissimilate Clan.

In an instant, Zhou Chuan used the method of exchanging injuries for injuries.

He had to severely injure the Transmutation Realm opponent of the Fission Race in front of him in a short period of time before he could kill his way out.

Otherwise, he would definitely be severely injured by the siege of two Transmutation Realm experts, one near and one far.

Then, when the other enemy team attacked, what awaited him was death!

However, in the next moment, Zhou Chuan froze!

The method of exchanging injuries for injuries was a desperate method. He would give the enemy a fatal blow. However, after his attack landed, his opponent seemed to have become stupid.

His movements and even his entire body seemed to have become sluggish at that moment. His saber cut through his opponent’s defense without any resistance and sent his opponent’s head flying.

...

At this moment, the opponent did not struggle at all! He had never killed a Transmutation Realm expert so easily!

Zhou Chuan turned around. His comrades, He Xiaojun and Jin Zheng, were also dumbfounded.

It was too easy to kill his enemy.

What was their opponent doing? Was he sending himself to their deaths?