Chapter 928 - 928 Reinforcements After Killing Lei Zhan (2)

928 Reinforcements After Killing Lei Zhan (2)

He had no idea what was happening on the frontline battlefield.

After hanging up the call with Dawn, Lei Tian contacted Lei Hong immediately.

30 seconds later, Lei Tian was stunned and suddenly roared, “Dawn, you traitor, I’m going to kill you!”

“Sir, we can find an opportunity to kill Dawn, but what should we do now? Our disadvantage is slowly expanding. Should we continue to fight to the death or pay a certain price and retreat?” Lei Hong said anxiously.

“Retreat is not possible! Once we retreat, we will completely lose! Our individual strength has an advantage…”

“Sir, as you know, in terms of will to fight, our shortcomings are relatively large, especially among the experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race.”

“Command the battle first. You can’t retreat, let alone panic! Give me some time, give me some time!” Lei Tian was sweating profusely. He knew very well that his next decision would determine the final victory and loss of this battle. It would also determine the fate of himself and his Thunder Division.

If he won, he would be carried into the Sanctuary! If he lost…

“Could it be a trap? Could it be that they forced me to make a move? But if I don’t make a move, I might not be defeated, but I definitely won’t win…”

At this moment, Lei Tian’s heart was in a dilemma.

…

At the same time, outside the crater, Xu Tui, Jin Zheng and Zhou Chuan fell to the ground at the same time and defended with all their might.

Lei Zhan was at the center of the three-phase thermal bomb, but they were only four to five hundred meters away from it.

At the last moment of the explosion, even if Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng used all their strength, they could only fly more than a hundred meters away.

This was only a 20-kilogram three-phase thermal bomb. If Phobos or the moon fired a 100-kilogram three-phase thermal bomb that killed Lei Zhan, the three of them would be buried with him.

The moment he fell to the ground, Xu Tui threw an earth-element energy barrier at himself.

These were the two Origin Crystal ability sealing cards that he had obtained after killing the Freedom Special Force of the American Sector on the resource planet. He had used them all up.

However, the benefit of using this card was that he still had some strength left. He conjured a small mountain in front of Jin Zheng and blocked it for him.

Jin Zheng, who was prepared to use the Glorious Bullet to cover his retreat, was less than 400 meters away from the detonation core of the three-phase thermal bomb.

In the center of the explosion, lightning rose and annihilated crazily.

After three consecutive explosions, the lightning was completely annihilated.

Jin Zheng vomited blood from the shockwave, but it was not fatal. Xu Tui and Zhou Chuan were slightly better off.

Xu Tui adjusted his breathing slightly and instantly covered it with his mind power.

In the center of the explosion, Lei Zhan, who was in tatters, was lying there. One of his eyes was gone, and his internal organs were visible to the naked eye, but they were still beating vigorously.

The injuries on the surface of his body were actually healing rapidly.

He was not dead yet!

He was still alive!

Lei Zhan was not only a quasi-planetary expert, he was also an extraordinary quasi-planetary expert. Even the center of the explosion of the small three-phase thermal bomb did not kill him.

However, at this moment, Xu Tui exerted all his remaining strength to take his life while he was down. With a move of his mental strength, the Earth Spike instantly protruded. At the moment the spike protruded, a ball of lightning suddenly erupted from the half-dead Lei Zhan’s body, avoiding his fatal blow.

He could actually use his strength.

The flying sword and the Mountain Formula exploded at the same time.

Lei Zhan’s eyes widened. Lightning surged in his body, but at the same time, blood spurted out from his wound like a fountain.

Bang!

The Mountain Formula blasted Lei Zhan into the ground. When he was blasted into the ground, the earth spikes rose crazily from the ground again. He stabbed three or four times in a row, seven or eight spikes each time.

He only heaved a sigh of relief after Lei Zhan was completely dead.

After Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief, he instantly collapsed to the ground. He panted heavily.

Zhou Chuan was anxious. “Commander Xu, you…”

“I’m fine… Give me a bottle of… B…” His voice was weak.@@novelbin@@

The consumption of his mind power was too great. It was almost depleted. Especially during the defense process just now, after raising the mental shield, the consumption of mind power was too great.

It was almost the kind that quickly bottomed out.

Zhou Chuan understood what he meant. He hurriedly fed him a bottle of Level B Energy Restoration Elixir. Thirty seconds after the medicine entered his stomach, a warm and energetic energy spread throughout his limbs and bones. He recovered and his mind became slightly clearer.

However, when one’s mind power reached the bottom, it was even slower to rely on a Level B Active Energy Elixir to recover. He immediately took out Tri Ling Ding after recovering slightly.

This fellow had another important function, and that was it could store mind power. When he was free, he could store his mind power and extract it when he wanted to use it. The amount he could store was limited. Due to its size, he could only store half of his mind power.

However, the speed of recovery was quite fast by extracting his mind power directly.

At this moment, Jin Zheng, who had just struggled to sit up, suddenly had a solemn expression. “Someone is here!”

Zhou Chuan quickly floated in the air to observe. “Two people.” After saying that, Zhou Chuan suddenly looked happy. “It’s the humans from the Blue Star. They’re reinforcements, not enemies!”

Xu Tui quickly recovered his mind power and began to instantiate treatment for Jin Zheng and Zhou Chuan at the same time. “Are they from Huaxia?”

“From the looks of it, they’re from our Huaya Sector, but they shouldn’t be from our Huaxia Sector! If they’re from our Huaxia Sector, the base will definitely inform us.”

They were close. Not only Zhou Chuan, but even Xu Tui could sense the auras of the two Transmutation Realms.

Two genetic transmutation realm experts from the Huaya Sector!

In such a battle, the combat strength of two Transmutation Realm cultivators was very precious and crucial.

Reinforcements from other alliances or other bases?

However, even though Xu Tui was pleasantly surprised, he, Zhou Chuan, and Jin Zheng still followed the battle rules and put up their defenses. They assumed an offensive posture.

On the battlefield, it was always right to be vigilant when the enemy was unknown.

...

At the same time, the other party also shouted, “Which brother alliance is ahead? We’re reinforcements sent by the Africa Sector to reinforce the crater base!”

Zhou Chuan, Jin Zheng, and Xiaoyu heaved a sigh of relief when they heard that.

The Africa Sector, they’re ally reinforcements!