Chapter 920 - 920 Target Achieved And Desperation! (2)

920 Target Achieved and Desperation! (2)

He had succeeded!

As soon as these two nuclear bombs exploded, the third defense fortress was basically defended. If the third defense fortress was not lost, the enemy would not be able to attack the Mars base with all their strength. They would be able to defend it.

The division commander of the Spiritual Race’s 5th division, Lei Gen, looked in the direction of the third defense fortress in a daze. He was strangely angry. “We actually allowed the enemy to reach our backs. What is the 7th regiment doing!”

The adjutant beside him had already started to contact the troops of the defense fortress.

However, it was all busy. No one responded!

“Send two medical teams over immediately.”

At the same time, the adjutant asked, “Division Commander, should we send a commando team to clean up the infiltrating enemies?”

After three seconds of consideration, Lei Gen shook his head. He could roughly guess how the change had happened.

The reinforcement team that had only four people previously had actually managed to reach the back of the third defense fortress’ forces. They had actually completed a strategic operation under their noses.

Originally, according to Lei Gen’s plan, they would be able to break through the third defense fortress in about three hours. Then…

But now, it was suddenly in chaos.

“Inform Lei Zhan.”

“Lord Lei Zhan said that they are rushing over.”

“Then send a Transmutation Realm expert who is good at tracking over. Follow him from afar and report his location to Lei Zhan. Tell Lei Zhan that I only want the heads of these four people!”

“Yes!”

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mental perception was activated again.

The entire battlefield seemed to have been harvested by a sickle. There was no one alive within 500 meters of the two core explosion centers. There were occasionally living people within a thousand meters of the center of the explosion, but they were also severely injured.

In this wave, at least 3,000 people were killed by the enemies surrounding them. Most importantly, the command center had also been killed.

The enemy was completely stunned!

Liu Tianhu and the suicide squad behind him were 1,700 meters away from the center of the explosion. However, they hid in time and defended with all their might. So there were not many casualties.

“Alright, you can withdraw now!”

After Xu Tui gave his instructions, he instantly used the Mountain Formula to help He Xiaojun out.

Liu Tianhu, who had been knocked out by the impact, shook his head and looked at the situation on the battlefield. He was stunned for a moment before he suddenly stood up and roared. “Those who can still move, charge again with me. Kill all the enemies who are still breathing!”

In the next moment, Liu Tianhu did not retreat after completing his tactical goal. Instead, he began to expand the results of his battle.

Xu Tui could sense this scene with his mental senses.

At that moment, Xu Tui felt a little complicated. Some people had completely different effects when they were placed in different positions.

This Liu Tianhu was really a ferocious tiger on the battlefield!

However, at the local level…

Dense earth spikes exploded, repelling He Xiaojun’s siege. At the same time, the mental hammers blasted out continuously, allowing Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng to kill the Transmutation Realm cultivators who were chasing after them one by one.

The five Transmutation Realm experts who had chased after him were very easy to kill because the nuclear bomb had exploded and their command center had been destroyed.

A minute later, Xu Tui, Zhou Xiaochuan, Jin Zheng, and He Xiaojun gathered together and treated the three of them. It was too common for an Extreme Branch melee fighter to be injured. More than half of the enemy forces had been wiped out. The survivors were either crying for their parents or in a state of chaos. This made Zhou Chuan and the other two extremely excited.

“Xu Tui, should we also charge forward? They basically don’t have any Transmutation Realm experts on their side. The four of us can charge forward and kill the remaining enemies in five minutes,” Zhou Chuan said excitedly.

“No, we’ll retreat immediately! Only by losing our whereabouts can we affect the enemy’s strategy to the greatest extent!”@@novelbin@@

Zhou Chuan and the other two had no objections. Although they wanted to kill a wave of enemies and expand their gains, they still had to listen to Xu Tui.

“Retreat!”

When the four of them turned around and retreated, Xu Tui scanned Liu Tianhu’s direction with his mental perception. They were about to leave the direction of his mental perception. Xu Tui could not help but say something. “The enemy’s reinforcements are on their way. You’ll have to retreat in five minutes at most!”

Xu Tui hated Liu Tianhu when he was in Jincheng Prefecture. However, on the battlefield, on the Mars battlefield, he was respectable!

While Xu Tui and the other three were quickly leaving, a strand of mind power from the Fission Race had already followed Xu Tui and the other three from five kilometers away.

Xu Tui’s mental perception was extremely sharp. He sensed something amiss. He felt like he was being watched. However, it was actually very normal to have such a feeling on the battlefield.

That was because there were eyes in all directions, including the sky.

Many times, Xu Tui only cared about the stronger fluctuations. He did not usually care about the weaker fluctuations of being targeted. Under normal circumstances, the fluctuations that were targeted by weaker mind power or energy field power would disappear in a minute or two.

However, ten minutes later, Xu Tui’s expression became strange.

It was still there! The feeling of being targeted was still there!

Was he being tracked?

However, he still did not discover any enemies even after his mental perception was enhanced to the limit of three kilometers. In just ten minutes, the four of them had retreated at a high speed for more than 30 kilometers. There were very few enemies around them.

“Be careful. I feel that someone is following us.” Xu Tui instantly condensed his mental hammer again. His flying sword also soared into the sky.

Almost at the same time, a bolt of lightning suddenly appeared in the sky. Before Xu Tui could sense it clearly, the lightning instantly exploded toward He Xiaojun.

“Be careful!” As Xu Tui roared, his mental hammer blasted toward the lightning, but it missed.

The speed of this bolt of lightning was too fast. Almost at the same time, He Xiaojun flew backward with blood spurting out of his mouth.

Fortunately, Xu Tui had reminded them just now. Everyone went all out to defend themselves. Otherwise, He Xiaojun would have been killed by this attack. Even so, He Xiaojun was severely injured on the spot.

Zhou Chuan’s expression instantly changed. “Quasi-planet?”

The enemy on the other side did not have the aura of a quasi-planet, but the combat strength he erupted with was no different from a quasi-planet.

He Xiaojun was not weak among Transmutation Realm experts. He was actually severely injured in one strike!

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mental hammer once again blasted toward the figure blooming in the lightning.

...

This time, it hit!

However, the figure blooming in the lightning moved. He was not affected by Xu Tui’s mental hammer at all. At the same time, this hammer also attracted the attention of Lei Zhan, who had just rushed over. “Mental attack!

No wonder he had such combat strength.

So there was a freak like you! I’ve found the reason!”

Lightning instantly flashed toward Xu Tui.

Mental Vibrating Whip!

The dozen or so bolts of lightning that struck in front of him instantly dissipated. However, several bolts of lightning struck down from above.

The Vajra Barrier that Xu Tui had activated with all his might shattered on the spot.

At the same time, the other five Transmutation Realm experts and another Transmutation Realm expert who had been tracking Xu Tui and the others also surrounded them.

They fell into a desperate situation!

...