Chapter 922 - 922 Paid To Win And Gunpowder Barrel (2)

922 Paid To Win and Gunpowder Barrel (2)@@novelbin@@

With Xu Tui’s current strength, he would be able to deal with the five enemies surrounding Zhou Chuan and the others in three to five minutes. However, if the person in front of him was a true quasi-planetary realm, the time he could be sealed would vary from five to 30 seconds depending on his strength.

The person in front of him was most likely a true quasi-planet.

Xu Tui’s time was very tight.

The moment Xu Tui used Cai Shaochu’s word, the gazes of the two groups of experts who were facing each other suddenly moved. They looked toward Mars from afar. Especially those Planetary realm powerhouses.

At this moment, the Planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star Human Race were locked onto their respective targets.

The auras collided.

As long as the target moved, it would attract an attack. However, both sides were still in a standoff. Occasionally, there would be conflict, but the intensity was limited.

However, a powerful fluctuation of the power of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse suddenly erupted on Mars. It instantly made the two sides nervous.

Under normal circumstances, the power level of an Origin Crystal ability seal card made by a Planetary realm powerhouse would be reduced by one level.

Planetary realm powerhouses could at most create Origin Crystal ability seal cards that could unleash the power of a quasi-planet. Of course, there were strong and weak abilities.

The power fluctuation emitted by Cai Shaochu’s Sealing Formula was the power fluctuation of a quasi-planetary-level power.

In the temporary command center of the Spiritual Race on the hollow meteorite, Lei Tian, who had sensed the quasi-planetary-level fluctuations, suddenly heaved a sigh of relief. Was it finally the last moment?

However, in the next moment, the information the adjutant obtained from the commander of the 5th Division, Lei Gen, made Lei Tian frown again.

Was it not the power fluctuation that erupted when Lei Zhan broke through the Mars base? They had not taken down the Mars base?

Lei Tian was a little anxious!

At this moment, the confrontation between the top forces of both sides was like a powder keg. Any spark might explode.

The quasi-planetary-level fluctuation on Mars was such a spark. Once the powder keg of the Phobos was detonated, even he, Lei Tian, would not be able to control the flow.

He could only participate in the battle!

Once nine against 18 Planetary realm powerhouses fought with all their might, the situation would not be something that Lei Tian could stop just because he shouted.

In a life-and-death battle, whoever retreated first would suffer greatly!

An indescribable anxiety welled up in his heart. However, Lei Tian knew very well that this was not the time to hesitate. The battle between Planetary realm powerhouses might not be able to determine the winner in three to five days, but a second could also lock onto the victory.

Therefore, he could not hesitate at this moment!

“Connect me to Dawn. Get his men to be ready to attack at any time,” Lei Tian ordered. “Send an order to Lei Gen to start the overall attack immediately!”

Thirty seconds later, the adjutant replied, “Commander-in-chief, Dawn said that it has been confirmed and sent the secret signal to your personal communication device. At the same time, they also need the unlocking key over there.”

Lei Tian thought about it and personally replied to Dawn, “I’ll send you the key after your people attack.”

“Commander-in-chief, those who can cultivate to the quasi-planetary realm are not idiots. I can’t make them work for me without any proof!” The meaning behind Dawn’s words was obvious.

His people would not take action until they obtained the unlocking key and the Silver Box of Spirit and the star map.

Lei Tian knitted his brows tightly. Anger had already appeared on his face. If Dawn was standing in front of him now, he would definitely skin this lackey who dared to threaten him alive! After they won this victory and occupied Mars, he had to settle the score with Dawn Salvation immediately and change the leader of the organization they supported.

“Alright, I’ll send it to you before the operation. Get them to prepare first!”

In a nameless meteorite base deep in space, Dawn sneered when he saw this message. “Old fox!”

After thinking for three seconds, Dawn contacted Wei Bin.

“I don’t know the time of the operation yet, but Lei Tian has already contacted me and asked us to prepare. It should be soon. I need to see something first,” Dawn said.

“Alright, everything you want has been placed in the spaceport according to your request. You can receive it at any time.”

“Give me the command entrance of the sky shuttle, the core command of the program control library, and the ultimate self-destruction key,” Dawn requested.

After hesitating for a second, Wei Bin nodded in agreement.

A minute later, Dawn, who had completed his long-range verification, was very satisfied. “Lieutenant General Wei, this is a good start. The transaction is going smoothly. Please keep your communication channel open at all times. I will inform you immediately if there are any updates.”

At the same time, Lei Tian, who was in the temporary command center of the Spiritual Race, had made his plans and instructions. With a flash of lightning, he instantly left the temporary command center.

Next, he needed to rush to the vicinity of the battlefield and be prepared to participate in the battle at any time.

This would take some time, but it was not long for him.

In the emergency medical center under the moon, Cai Shaochu, who had received Wei Bin’s call, slowly opened his eyes. He activated a button with his mind power. The nutrition fluid in the nutrition chamber quickly retreated, revealing Cai Shaochu’s strange body.

It had the body of an adult, but the two legs that had just grown were only the size of a two to three-year-old child. Cai Shaochu lowered his head and glanced at it. He sighed helplessly. “It’s a little small…”

After quickly washing his body and putting on a large robe, Cai Shaochu contacted the Planetary realm powerhouse of the European Sector, Jagren. “My dear Jagren, now, I need you to send me over with your abilities.”

“No, no! My dear Cai, you know my ability. Your power fluctuations are too strong. My ability can be used on people weaker than me, but not you!”

“Don’t you know? I was injured a few days ago and haven’t recovered,” Cai Shaochu said.

“If that’s the case, that should work,” Jagren said hesitantly.

“I’ll wait for you in front of the quantum portal in three minutes,” Cai Shaochu said.

“OK!”

In front of the moon’s quantum portal, Cai Shaochu, who was wearing a large robe, was floating in the air with his hands wrapped in his wide cloak. His short legs did not have the ability to stand at all. Beside him, Wei Bin frowned.

“Do you have to go? Can’t you get someone else?” Wei Bin was a little worried about Cai Shaochu’s situation.

“After that clone body is used, I have to complete the subsequent maintenance,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Can the others do it too?”

“Others?” Cai Shaochu sneered. “Which of the few people on the moon can completely reassure you? Anyway, I’m not!”

Wei Bin: “…”

Actually, Cai Shaochu still had some selfish motives. Just now, he had sensed that a certain aura of his had been consumed.

...

Xu Tui was the only one who had his power aura card on Mars.

Was Xu Tui in danger?

However, at this moment, there was basically no top-notch power that could be mobilized on Mars. Therefore, Old Cai wanted to make a trip personally if he had the chance.

A few minutes later, Jagren arrived. “When are you going over?”

“Wait!” Cai Shaochu only said one word. No matter how anxious he was, he had to wait!

He would wait for the opportunity to appear!