Chapter 929 - 929 The Most Referential Information

929 The Most Referential Information

“Commander Xu, we’ve already confirmed with the crater base that the Mars Base of the Africa Sector and the Russian Federation have indeed sent a small team of reinforcements to the crater Mars Base.@@novelbin@@

“The Africa Sector’s strength is limited. They only sent two Transmutation Realm experts to support us from behind.” Zhou Chuan immediately confirmed the situation with the crater base.

Xu Tui, Zhou Chuan, and Jin Zheng relaxed a little after confirming that there were reinforcements from the Mars Base of the Africa Sector.

Jin Zheng said mournfully, “If they had arrived earlier, Old He might have…”

Zhou Chuan and Xu Tui did not say anything. There were not so many ifs in this world.

Xu Tui fell silent. He hated himself a little. His strength was still too low! If he was stronger, even just ten percent stronger, there was still a possibility of protecting He Xiaojun.

However, there were no what ifs in this world.

“Hello, we are the reinforcements sent by the Africa Sector’s Mars base to support the crater Mars base. I am Nakabo Ichito, and this is Park Jungdo.”

The two Transmutation realm experts took the initiative to introduce themselves. It is part of the Mars Base of the Africa Sector, but is from Yamato Sector and Korean Star Sector.

This was very normal.

Currently, there are basically no separate Mars bases in each sector, and each Mars base has other sectors within it.

This was not a rule, but an exchange of benefits.

For example, the Huaxia Sector only occupied 70% of the current crater-shaped Mars base. There was also the African Sector and Russian Federation.

The Yamato Sector, Korean Star Sector, and Sing-Malaysia Sector of the Huaya Sector were in an awkward position among the six alliances. They cooperated with the other alliances and exchanged various benefits. Several Mars bases had their share, but not much.

Among the Mars bases owned by the Africa Sector, which was weakest of the six alliances, the Yamato Sector, Korean Star Sector and Sing-Malaysia Sector had more shares.

“And you are?” Nakabo Ichito took the initiative to ask. However, his gaze landed on Xu Tui.

Xu Tui, who had a tired expression, inadvertently frowned.

Malice!

Xu Tui had a passive resonance within the spiritual resonance. This ability could be considered a passive ability. He could sense it even without deliberately circulating his spiritual resonance. He could roughly sense the target’s attitude towards him.

Especially when it came to malice and kindness, they were the most sensitive.

He was certain that this was the first time he had seen Nakabo Ichito. He had never had any grudges with him before. How could he have any ill intentions? His heart skipped a beat. He slowly activated his spiritual resonance. Then, his malice became even more obvious.

Nakabo Ichito’s malice toward him was very obvious, especially when his gaze landed on him. However, Park Jungdo, who came from the Korean Star Sector, did not have this malice.

What was going on? Could it be some traditional contradiction?

That was impossible. This was a battlefield!

“Be careful. There might be a problem with this Nakabo Ichito.” He sent a voice transmission to Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng.

The three of them trusted each other with their lives on the battlefield. Therefore, Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng would never doubt his words. However, the two of them were extremely experienced. Their expressions did not reveal any suspicion at all, but they had inadvertently completed a tactical isolation.

They placed Xu Tui in a more suitable position.

At this moment, Zhou Chuan, Nakabo Ichito, and Park Jungdo had already gotten to know each other. Nakabo Ichito smiled and said to Xu Tui, “So you’re the famous Xu Tui. It’s an honor to meet you.”

Xu Tui nodded slightly, but he quickly absorbed the mind power stored in the Tri Ling Ding to recover his strength.

“I have a suggestion. Since we’re both supporting the crater Mars base, why don’t we work together to form a special combat team? This way, the power will be stronger and the effect will be greater,” Nakabo Ichito suggested.

Zhou Chuan wanted to reject him, but Xu Tui sent a voice transmission to Zhou Chuan’s consciousness. “Agree to it first and stall for time.”

Nakabo Ichito was very happy to receive an affirmative answer. After asking about their injuries and combat strength, he even took out the latest military intelligence map to discuss countermeasures.

However, he realized that Nakabo Ichito had sent a message during the discussion. He could not see what message he had sent as everyone had a natural mental protection barrier on the surface of their bodies. The mental protection barrier of Transmutation Realm experts was even stronger.

At the same time, Itavi, who was far away on the moon, received a message.

“Target located. Target’s status: Injured and severely weakened. Do you want to take action immediately?”

Itavi looked at the message and suddenly smiled. This matter was finally going to happen. As long as this matter was completed, his strength would be able to advance another step. Even if his strength might not be comparable to strategic forces like Shang Long and Erera, it would not be a problem for him to be ranked third on the Blue Star after his strength improved.

“Wait for my order. After this matter is completed, you must rush to the transaction location immediately and quickly complete the transaction!”

After replying to this message, Itavi took out another set of communication equipment obtained from the Mechanical Spirit and activated it. He took the initiative to contact Lei Tian.

In the sky above Mars, the personal communication of Lei Tian, the commander of the forward operating base, who was preparing to make the final decision, suddenly rang. At this critical moment of the decision, Lei Tian did not want to pick up any communication at all. He originally wanted to hang up.

However, he was slightly stunned when he saw the source of the communication.

Black Hole!

Black Hole, the traitor of the Blue Star’s human race who had been contacted on the resource planet.

With a thought, Lei Tian picked up the call.

On the other end of the communication, there was still an electronic voice. Black Hole was extremely cautious.

“The target has been obtained. This target is extremely valuable to Cai Shaochu and the Huaxia Sector! This target is as valuable to the Huaxia Sector and Cai Shaochu as Lei Xiang is to you. It might have a higher value. After you get this target, you can use this target to trade with the Huaxia Sector for Lei Xiang. Personally, I think the chances of success are as high as 90%!” Black Hole said.

After making a quick judgment, Lei Tian also felt that the operation mentioned by Black Hole was extremely feasible and gave an affirmative answer.

“Give me a location and where to trade. You guys deliver the goods first, and I’ll deliver the person.” Black Hole urged.

“There are a few bases on Mars near our army. Choose one,” Lei Tian said.

“Then let’s do it near the crater Mars base. I’ll send you the coordinates. Your people will bring something over in ten to fifteen minutes. Only one person can come over,” Black Hole said.

“No problem.” Lei Tian agreed very readily, which made Black Hole slightly stunned.

It seemed to have gone a little too smoothly. However, there did not seem to be any flaws.

Just as Black Hole was about to end the communication, Lei Tian suddenly asked, “There’s no problem with the transaction. My people will immediately bring the Silver Box of Spirit you need and rush to the coordinates you sent! But I have an additional question.”

“Additional question?”

“Yes, if you can answer this additional question, the trade will begin immediately. On the contrary, I will have to consider the necessity of this trade and even postpone it,” Lei Tian said.

...

“Lei Xiang is your blood relative!” Black Hole retorted.

“He’s just my blood relative! I have a lot of them, and Lei Tian is only a relatively valuable blood relative. It’s not like I can’t give it up!” Lei Tian said.

Black Hole was silent for a moment before asking, “What additional question?”

“The exact whereabouts of Shang Long and Erera,” Lei Qing asked.

Black Hole frowned. “You’ve asked me this question before. I’ve already answered you clearly. I don’t know! I really don’t know their exact location!”

“That’s a pity…” Lei Tian sighed.

This made Black Hole, who had been waiting for a long time, feel a chill in his heart. After planning for so long, if this matter was stuck at this last step, he would really vomit blood. But he really didn’t know.

After thinking for a moment, Black Hole said, “I really don’t know the exact location of these two people, but I have some indirect and more valuable relevant information, if you need it?”

“If this indirect information can provide me with an effective reference, then the deal can continue,” Lei Tian said.

“Alright! I don’t know where Erera is, but Shang Long has been missing for almost five years,” Black Hole said.

“Missing almost five years? What do you mean?”

...

“Some people said that Shang Long went to the Milky Way to scout the way. Some people said that Shang Long went to search for a mysterious discovery in a universe. Over there, there was the real reason why your Spirit Race wanted to invade a small planet like Blue Star.

There were all kinds of theories.

However, one thing was certain. Whether it was on Blue Star or the moon, in all kinds of news reports and all the private occasions that I could come into contact with, Shang Long had not appeared for five years.

Including the Genetic Miracle he presided over, he handed it all to his disciple.

“On the contrary, Erera appeared in the Blue Star’s European Sector two years ago,” Black Hole said.

Lei Tian’s eyes instantly lit up. This was indeed indirect information. However, it was an extremely valuable piece of intel.

Erera had appeared on Blue Star two years ago, so judging from this, there was a high chance that Erera was still around.

However, it was very likely that Shang Long was not around!

Lei Tian was not an idiot who only believed Black Hole’s one-sided words.

On the contrary, Lei Tian was very careful. Before this, whether it was the information Dawn had gathered for them or the information they had gathered through other technological means, there was something mentioned by the Black Hole.

The strategic planetary powerhouse, Shang Long, had indeed disappeared for five years.

Five years ago, Shang Long would appear in public every two years. But in the past five years, Shang Long had never appeared in any of the public news.

In other words, Shang Long was not around?

There was only Erera!

If there was only Erera, then Lei Tian’s worries would be resolved.

Of course, this was only a judgment based on the comprehensive analysis of intelligence. However, at this moment, Lei Tian no longer had the time to continue verifying.

The battle between the Spirits on Phobos and Blue Star continued. Casualties continued to appear, and the Spirits’ disadvantage was slowly but steadily expanding.

The battle will of the elites of the Blue Star was too powerful!

If Black Hole alone said that Shang Long had disappeared in private for five years, or if their intelligence analysis said that Shang Long had disappeared for five years, Lei Tian would not dare to take the risk.

However, after combining these two pieces of information to verify it, Lei Tian immediately made a decision.

How could information on the battlefield be 100% verifiable?

“Alright, I personally think that your information is still valuable. In ten minutes, our trading personnel will bring what you need and arrive at the coordinates you specified.”

“Happy cooperation!”

With that, Lei Tian hung up. He had already made a decision.

He would join the battle!

At the same time, Itavi, who was on the moon, gathered up the special communication equipment and sent a message to Nakabo Ichito, “One minute later, do it! After capturing him, immediately rush to this coordinate and make a deal!”

Nakabo Ichito glanced at Xu Tui strangely when he received the news. His gaze was filled with ferocity in Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance. However, Nakabo Ichito still sent a message, “Will the transaction after capturing the target be dangerous?”

“With my power, don’t worry!”

“Okay!”