Chapter 927 - 927 Reinforcements After Killing Lei Zhan (1)

927 Reinforcements After Killing Lei Zhan (1)

When the three quasi-planetary powerhouses who had defected at the last minute had once again used their coquettish positioning to trap the three quasi-planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race, Lei Hong was not only furious, but he also finally realized that something was wrong.

Two dead, two seriously injured, and two lightly injured.

Of the both attacks, four out of six quasi-planetary experts were out.

This caused a huge loss to the Spiritual Race. If the first time was a coincidence, then the second time was definitely not.

!!

Lei Hong was the commander of the Spiritual Race on Phobos, and he was also an extremely decisive commander. He made a decision in an instant.

“Don’t worry about allies. Kill these three first!” Lei Hong, who had already joined the battle, shouted.

In the blink of an eye, the quasi-planetary expert from the Spiritual Race, who had been aggrieved by the three of them, attacked without any hesitation.

The three of them, who were already prepared, immediately shouted crazily. “Bastard, why are we fighting our own people?” I’m working for you, and you want to kill us?” No, let’s go reason with the boss!”

Amidst the clamor, the three quasi-planetary experts who had just openly defected fell down at lightning speed and fled.

The Spirits still wanted to give chase, but the Blue Star humans’ quasi-planetary experts had caught up to them.

As the three quasi-planets fled, two of them seemed to have attacked the nearest quasi-planetary expert from the Spiritual Race in anger.

The quasi-planetary experts from the Blue Star nearby were smart enough to attack. They focus their fire. The quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race retreated with heavy injuries.

Afterwards, the three spies whom Lei Tian had placed high hopes on fled the battlefield amidst their cursing. The Spiritual Race’s quasi-planetary experts had lost some of their members, so they had no time to spare. The Blue Star’s quasi-planetary powerhouses also seemed to have no one chasing after them at the time of the battle.

As a result, the three of them swaggered out of the battlefield safely.

However, Lei Hong was about to go mad with rage!

Five quasi-planets were lost on the spot.

Currently, the Spiritual Race has ten planetary experts against nine planetary experts and three quasi-planetary experts from Blue Star. Then, among the quasi-planetary powerhouses, the number of people fighting on both sides was fifty against forty-four.

Now, after being tormented by these three strange spies, it had become 45 versus 44, and there were still two with minor injuries.

All the advantages in his previous calculations were gone in an instant. It became equal strength. Next, it would be a competition of who had the stronger will to fight and who was stronger.

In fact, the experts on the Blue Star had another advantage. It was the heavy firepower support of Phobos.

Although the heavy firepower on Phobos could threaten and injure quasi-planetary and planetary experts, it was not accurate. It was useless if he couldn’t hit them. However, as soon as the battle started, the opportunity for the land-based heavy firepower on Phobos arrived.

There would always be quasi-planetary or planetary experts who could restrain the enemy and let the heavy firepower take effect.

Because of this, on the surface, the Spiritual Race seemed to have a slight advantage in terms of strength. However, in reality, with the interference and influence of the heavy firepower of Phobos, the humans of the Blue Star had a slight advantage.

Lei Hong was a little irritated. He never expected that this full of battle opportunities would actually be fought like this.

However, once a battle of this level started at full strength, it was basically impossible to separate peacefully. They could only be separated after one party paid a considerable price.

Therefore, Lei Hong did not feel good, but he could not back down, let alone retreat. He had to fight to the end first.

Lei Hong wanted to rely on the Spirits’ individual strength advantage to slowly accumulate small victories. However, before Lei Hong could adjust his strategy, the three figures that shot into the sky from Phobos almost caused Lei Hong’s vision to turn black.

The three quasi-planetary experts of the Huaxia Sector who had retreated from the battlefield to help Mars actually soared into the sky and joined the battle again.

In an instant, the advantage on the Blue Star increased greatly.

Forty-five against forty-seven!

The advantage of the Blue Star was not great, but with Phobos’ heavy firepower, the advantage on the Blue Star’s side began to slowly expand.

Soon, the Spiritual Race’s sixth quasi-planetary were out.

Forty-four against forty-seven!

However, at the same time, the Spiritual Race also had a quasi-planetary expert that severely injured a quasi-planetary from Blue Star. Surprisingly, this quasi-planetary expert from Blue Star used a life-and-death method at the critical moment.

This quasi-planetary expert of the Spiritual Race was terrified.@@novelbin@@

This was the difference between the will to fight! Both sides were seriously injured at the same time and lost their ability to fight.

Forty-three versus forty-six!

Lei Hong was anxious. If this continued, the defeat would not end. He had to change the tide of the battle. He tried to contact Lei Tian but failed.

In the distance, Lei Tian, who was hiding, did not know the current situation of the battle, but he was stunned by Dawn’s roar!

“Commander-in-chief, my men defected to your camp at the last minute and greatly attacked the will of the humans of Blue Star! But why did your people kill them?! Why attack them? It was so close! The three of them had almost been killed on the spot by the Spiritual Race experts they were loyal to.

“Commander Lei, you have to give me an explanation for this! You must give me an explanation! We work for you, but you want to kill us. I don’t understand! If I don’t have a reasonable explanation, I’ll find an opportunity to report it to the Sanctuary!” Dawn complained first. His roar immediate;ly stunned Lei Tian.