Chapter 923 - 923 Glory Bullet (1)

923 Glory Bullet (1)

The atmosphere between the two sides was tense, especially Pei Tiejun, a Planetary realm expert who represented the Huaxia Sector’s military. He frowned.

The aura fluctuation of the quasi-planetary-level powerhouse just now came from near the Mars base.

There was no more specific information for the time being. They were still waiting for a specific reply from the Mars base.

It was also because the situation was unknown that although the power fluctuations of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse came from Mars, both sides were still suppressing each other.

!!

At the same time, Xu Tui took advantage of the fact that Lei Zhan had been temporarily sealed by the Sealing Formula to frantically pursue the remaining five Transmutation Realm experts.

Xu Tui understood that with the strength Lei Zhan had displayed just now, he would not have much time.

The mental hammer instantly blasted over. However, perhaps it was because of Lei Zhan’s reminder, but the five Transmutation Realm experts on the other side had already begun to shrink their Vibrating Force Field.

But Xu Tui’s other abilities were not for show.

The flying sword, the Earth Spike, and the Mountain Formula attacked at the same time and instantly killed one.

He Xiaojun had reached his limit. He was about to be killed. Xu Tui activated his mind power.

Energy teleportation!

In an instant, a Vajra Tide Shield appeared in front of He Xiaojun and blocked the fatal blow.

The mental hammer blasted out again. The Earth Spike, the Mountain Formula, and the flying sword attacked at the same time. Xu Tui used all his methods and forcefully killed another Transmutation Realm expert.

More than three seconds had passed.

There were still three Transmutation Realm experts left. It was three against three! The pressure on Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng lessened slightly. However, at the same time, Lei Zhan became anxious.

The power of the word ‘seal’ was constantly depleting. Lei Zhan estimated that he would be able to break free from the word in five to six seconds. However, judging from the current situation, Xu Tui would most likely be able to finish off the Transmutation Realm cultivators he had brought with him in five to six seconds and escape.

He would not be able to escape far in a few seconds. But without the involvement of the others, it would be very difficult for him to leave behind this crucial reinforcement team.

What if the other party gave him another word?

They would be able to escape!@@novelbin@@

Under such circumstances, should they still launch an all-out attack on the crater base?

What if they were to launch an attack, and this reinforcement team threw a few nuclear bombs at the densest part of the army like they were rescuing the third defense fortress? They did not need much. They only needed two to three bombs to block the attack and cause a large number of casualties.

Therefore, at this moment, he had to destroy this reinforcement team in the shortest time possible.

After hesitating for a moment, Lei Zhan decided not to hide his strength.

Explosion!

He broke through the seal! Then, he would quickly kill this team and participate in the overall attack on the crater. He would quickly break through and complete the commander-in-chief’s orders.

In an instant, Lei Zhan swallowed the Origin Returning Breath Gathering Crystal in his stomach. When it was needed, the power that was devoured by the Origin Energy Gathering Crystal could instantly return.

In an instant, an extremely powerful fluctuation of a quasi-planetary powerhouse appeared on Lei Zhan’s body.

At the same time, Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s ears. “Xu Tui, the Mars Base asked you about the specific situation. Did you trigger the quasi-planetary fluctuation, or did you encounter danger? Answer truthfully!”

The moment Xu Tui cooperated with Zhou Chuan and killed the Transmutation Realm cultivator who was chasing after Zhou Chuan, a powerful and terrifying aura of a quasi-planetary powerhouse instantly erupted behind Xu Tui and the others.

In a flash of lightning, the word “seal” shattered!

Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng’s expressions changed drastically. “Commander Xu, retreat. We’ll cover your retreat!”

“Retreat. If you want to leave, leave together!”

Just as he killed another Transmutation Realm cultivator, the red fire light surged again. The mental hammer suddenly expanded and smashed towards Lei Zhan.

A cold smile appeared on Lei Zhan’s face. It was this move again! He would not suffer the same loss a second time! The lightning barrier instantly rose and shook with his mind power domain. It could definitely resist this mental attack.

A strange light flashed in Xu Tui’s eyes.

Energy teleportation!

At the same time, the red fire slip in his mind flashed again and was suddenly injected into the genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula.

Bang!

The moment the mental hammer flashed into Lei Zhan’s lightning barrier, Lei Zhan’s expression was extremely ugly! He had been blasted again, and his mental body was even affected.

However, the hair on Lei Zhan’s body also stood up at this moment!

It was a fatal danger!

His powerful mind power suddenly made him sense a fatal threat. There was an indescribable pain between his brows.

Instinctively, or rather, an instinct that had been honed through so many years of life and death, Lei Zhan activated an Origin Crystal pendant that was stuck to his neck the moment he was hit by the mental hammer.

Thin bolts of lightning instantly covered his body.

Pfft!

Xu Tui’s strengthened Earth Spike directly passed through the lightning barrier and pierced between Lei Zhan’s brows.

The fine lightning on Lei Zhan’s body fluctuated violently.

In the end, Xu Tui’s earth spikes, which had been enhanced by the red fire slip, collapsed. The fine lightning on Lei Zhan’s body became much dimmer.

At this moment, Xu Tui had staked everything on this.

The earth spikes shot out continuously and carried out energy teleportation crazily.

Xu Tui had used up all of the enhancements from the red fire slip. This might be his only chance to kill or severely injure Lei Zhan.

There was a constant sound of piercing through the ground.

The fine lightning around Lei Zhan’s body finally shattered. The last two earth spikes had only just pierced into Lei Zhan’s body.

...