Chapter 921 - 921 Paid To Win And Gunpowder Barrel (1)

921 Paid To Win and Gunpowder Barrel (1)

The so-called desperate situation was not Xu Tui’s desperate situation. Instead, it was the desperate situation of the combat team led by Xu Tui, supported by Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng.

Xu Tui had many life-saving items. Putting everything else aside, he would be able to escape with the escape word that Cai Shaochu had given him. The Spirit in front of him emitted an aura fluctuation at the peak of the Transmutation Realm. The strength he erupted with had reached the quasi-planetary realm.

Xu Tui felt that he was much stronger than Lei Xiang that was half a step into the quasi-planetary realm. Even so, as long as Xu Tui used Cai Shaochu’s escape word, this person would definitely not be able to stop Xu Tui.

But what about Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng?

!!

After six days of bitter battles, their strength and condition had decreased. Even if Xu Tui did not escape, the three of them would have a slim chance of survival against the combined attacks of the six Transmutation Realm experts.

If Xu Tui escaped, the three of them would definitely die.

The strength that Lei Zhan had just displayed made Xu Tui understand that his current methods might not be able to deal with this person. Even if it was possible, it was not something that could be resolved in a short period of time.

This was a hopeless situation!

He could not escape! If he really escaped, Xu Tui would never forgive himself. If it were three strangers, Xu Tui might have thought of escaping.

However, they were comrades!

“F*ck your hot blood!” As his mind raced, Xu Tui first used Time Distortion the moment the Vajra Barrier was destroyed.

Xu Tui had not used this ability for a long time. Xu Tui used his mind power to tear open one of the two water-type defense cards that he had obtained previously. In an instant, thick water light rose.

The lightning also poured down on Xu Tui at the same time, but it was blocked by the thick water screen.

This was a water screen with a strong Spiritual Race aura.

Lei Zhan was slightly stunned.

Lei Zhan was not stunned by the water curtain. Instead, he was stunned by the appearance of the water curtain. It was as if Xu Tui had predicted his attack.

The moment the Vajra Barrier shattered, it was pushed out.

It was too tight.

However, Lei Zhan did not hesitate at all. The thick chain of lightning smashed toward Xu Tui. At this moment, Xu Tui had already pinched several cards in his hands.

He had to spend money!

He had to find an opportunity among the paywalls!

Xu Tui could not escape alone or watch Zhou Chuan and the other two die in front of him.

The mind power amplification necklace instantly increased Xu Tui’s mind power to the maximum. At the same time, the red jade slip in Xu Tui’s mind flashed with a red light and was injected into the genetic ability chain.

The size of the mental hammer that had already been condensed increased slightly and it smashed toward Lei Zhan’s head. At the same time, Xu Tui tore apart the second Water Screen Defensive Origin Crystal ability seal card that he had snatched from Lang Kun’s hand without hesitation.

The moment it was torn apart, the previous water curtain shattered.

However, Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier had also condensed. At the same time, the Vajra Tide Return Shield had also condensed.

Lei Zhan had already been hit by Xu Tui’s mental hammer before. It did not affect him at all, so he did not mind the hammer.

It was like a wooden hammer and an iron plate. The iron plate would not break no matter how many times the wooden hammer hit it.

Therefore, Lei Zhan did not mind. However, when the mental hammer was about to reach his body, Lei Zhan’s expression changed.

It seemed different? This mental hammer was twice as strong as the previous mental attack!

However, it was too late!

Bang!

Lei Zhan suffered a solid blow. His mental body shook and interrupted Xu Tui’s continuous lightning attacks.

It was time to attack!

The expression of the Mechanical Spirit Transmutation Realm expert who was attacking from afar suddenly changed. He suddenly bounced up and the ground protruded.

Whoosh! Just as he flicked his body and flew up, the sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out. The moment the sound of air being torn apart rang out, the energy core of the Mechanical Spirit’s Transmutation Realm had already been destroyed.

Without the bombardment of this long-range cannon, Jin Zheng’s situation was slightly better. However, Zhou Chuan and He Xiaojun were already in danger.

Xu Tui still wanted to attack, but Lei Zhan did not give him a chance.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer had only caused Lei Zhan’s mental body to tremble for a tenth of a second before it quickly recovered. After he recovered, Lei Zhan realized that Xu Tui had taken the opportunity to kill one of their Transmutation Realm experts. He could not help but feel a little embarrassed.

He waved his hands repeatedly, and ten finger-like lightning chains suddenly appeared between his fingers. They wrapped around Xu Tui like snakes. “Die!”

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face. He instantly tore open another card.

Seal!

Cai Shaochu’s Sealing Formula!

The huge seal instantly seemed to have fused into Lei Zhan’s body. All the power fluctuations in Lei Zhan’s body were sealed at this moment.

The lightning chain dissipated, and Lei Zhan could not move at all.

Lei Zhan was shocked! However, only Xu Tui knew that although Old Cai’s Sealing Formula was powerful, it could only be restricted.

This word was effective against enemies and himself. The enemy’s power could not be used within the seal. Similarly, Xu Tui could not use his power within the range of the word ‘seal’.@@novelbin@@

It could only restrict the enemy!

If the person in front of him was at the Transmutation Realm, the Sealing Formula should be able to seal him for three to five minutes.

It bought Xu Tui three to five minutes to move.