Chapter 925 - 925 The Surrender Of Dawn Members (1)

925 The Surrender of Dawn Members (1)

Above Phobos.

The faint movement on Mars made Pei Tiefeng frown. He was worried. His powerful energy field kept fluctuating and sensing the situation on Mars.

The quasi-planet power fluctuation that appeared just now was too powerful!

A thousand meters away, the Spiritual Race’s Lei Hong, who had locked onto Pei Tiefeng’s aura, glared at him. His aura fluctuates along with Pei Tiefeng’s energy field.

Lei Tian, who had just arrived in outer space, quickly contacted the people in charge of the various parties to contact them about the situation. The tyrannical quasi-planetary energy wave and another tyrannical energy wave made Lei Tian very anxious.

What is the situation on Mars now?

In front of the moon’s quantum portal, an information box fell out. An adjutant immediately took it and handed it to Wei Bin.

There was no instant communication, so they could only use this primitive method of transmission. The information box accurately described the current situation on Phobos and Mars and sent a request from Pei Tiefeng.

“The time has come. Please act according to plan!” Wei Bin quickly showed the request to the other district leaders. When no one objected, Wei Bin immediately approved Pei Tiefeng’s request. “The operation will begin in 35 seconds. I’ll contact the spies immediately. As long as there are any abnormal movements, it means that the operation is fully launched!”

The moment the information box was sent out, Wei Bin contacted Dawn. “We’re about to take the initiative to take action. Please cooperate!”

Dawn replied readily, “No problem. This is the characteristic of our people. After the battle, please include them as your ally.”

At the side, Cai Shaochu was anxiously rubbing his fingers in his sleeves. Just now, he sensed that several of his auras had been detonated. He could be sure that Xu Tui had detonated his Origin Crystal ability seal card.

Moreover, the number of explosions was as high as three.

This meant that he was in danger. And it was very dangerous. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have dropped three life-saving cards in a row.

At this moment, Cai Shaochu felt a moment of anxiety. He wanted to attack in advance and go to Mars in advance to see if he could help him. However, this thought only appeared for a moment before it was suppressed by Cai Shaochu.

He definitely could not make such a mistake!

After paying such a huge price and suffering so many casualties, the current plan and situation could not be messed up.

“He should be fine. I gave him at least two escape characters. There should be no problem in saving his life with that card.”

At the same time, on Phobos, Pei Tiefeng received Wei Bin’s approval. In the next moment, Pei Tiefeng signaled with his eyes, and three quasi-planetary experts from the Huaxia Sector charged towards Phobos like meteors.

The continuous fluctuations of quasi-planetary experts on Mars made the planetary-realm experts on the Blue Star unable to sit still. They took out three quasi-planetary experts to help Mars!

Three quasi-planetary experts helping Mars was enough to change the outcome of the battle in a short period of time.

However, in the past few days of confrontation, almost every expert present had been restrained. With three of them retreating at once, the three quasi-planetary experts of the Spiritual Race activated their auras and followed suit.

Two beams of energy instantly rose from Phobos.

Two large amounts of three-phase thermal bombs blasted towards the three pursuing quasi-planetary powerhouses.

Quasi-planetary powerhouses were still extremely wary of the three-phase thermal bomb.

If he was hit head-on, even if he dodged the center, he would be severely injured even if he did not die. However, this kind of technological weapon, even if it was extremely fast, was nothing in the eyes of quasi-planetary experts.

The three of them attacked from afar and retreated at lightning speed when they launched an attack that could blast the three-phase thermal bomb in advance.

Half a second later, the two three-phase thermal bombs exploded in advance, exploding more than a thousand meters away.

The shockwave and heatwave forced the near quasi-planetary experts to retreat defensively.

At the same time, it also stopped the three quasi-planetary experts from chasing after the three quasi-planetary experts from Huaxia Sector.

Then, there was a fluctuation in the opposing camp.

There were naturally stronger quasi-planetary experts or planetary experts. They would use their auras to lock onto one or two more.

Normally, there should be countermeasures in the Spiritual Race’s camp. A fierce battle would break out, and they would also send three quasi-planetary experts to Mars to ambush the three quasi-planetary experts who had just escaped.

This was to prevent these three from affecting the battle on Mars.

However, the upper echelons of the Spiritual Race were also frantically trying to contact each other.

Lei Hong, who was in command, immediately contacted the commander-in-chief, Lei Tian.

This was an opportunity!

This was a rare opportunity!@@novelbin@@

Three quasi-planets had left Blue Star. Although there were powerhouses to hold them back, Blue Star’s humans were already at a slight disadvantage in terms of overall strength!

In the sky above Phobos, the Spiritual Race had ten planetary experts and fifty quasi-planetary experts. On the Blue Star’s side, there were nine planetary experts and fifty-three quasi-planetary experts.

The extra planetary expert from the Spiritual Race was being watched by the three powerful quasi-planets from the Blue Star.

This caused the confrontation between the two sides to fall into a strange balance. However, at this moment, three quasi-planetary experts from Blue Star left.

In terms of numbers, the human race on Blue Star did not have much manpower. It only tipped the scales slightly, but it was not enough to determine the outcome.