Chapter 926 - 926 The Surrender Of Dawn Members (2)

926 The Surrender of Dawn Members (2)

It was very possible for a powerful quasi-planet to kill the opponent in a battle. This would happen to both sides. He could not be sure of his abilities, luck, and so on.

However, the commander-in-chief had previously instructed that among the human experts on the Blue Star, they had spies. There were a total of three spies.

They were all quasi-planetary experts.

The spies were different. With three spies, the Spiritual Race wouldn’t just have three more people.

Instead, the number of humans on the Blue Star had decreased by three, and the number of Spirits had increased by three. The combat power that affected the changes was six quasi-planetary experts.

In addition to the previous three, the Spiritual Race had nine more quasi-planetary experts than the Blue Star’s humans.

Nine quasi-planetary experts was one-fifth of the Spiritual Race’s quasi-planetary experts.

This was already a huge battle power that could affect the outcome!

Therefore, Lei Hong felt that this was a rare opportunity.

This was the best time to make a move. He did not immediately order his planetary experts to take the opportunity to start a conflict and cover the departure of the quasi-planetary powerhouses. Instead, he immediately asked Commander-in-chief Lei Tian.

As the commander-in-chief, Lei Tian knew very well what a battle opportunity was.

The opportunity will disappear in the blink of an eye. He could not hesitate!

Thinking about it carefully, although the crater Mars base had yet to be breached, wasn’t the battle opportunity in front of him what he needed?

In the battle between the elites of Phobos, he had defeated the humans of Blue Star. If Blue Star’s Erera or Shang Long could sit back and watch, he could sit back and watch!

Wouldn’t it be great to watch the victory? If they couldn’t stand it anymore and took the initiative to expose their location, wouldn’t that be exactly what he wanted?

Then he can use this opportunity to take action, heavily injuring one of the two and locking on to victory.

As for the possibility of both of them being there, it was not high. If Shang Long and Erera were here, the battle would not have been in such a stalemate.

Under normal circumstances, Shang Long and Erera should be guarding the moon and Mars each. The reason why they did not appear on the moon was probably because they did not have time to rush back. It was impossible for such an expert to stay on the moon or Mars as if he was on duty.

“Stick to the plan! Dawn, get your men to do it. The key is…”

Lei Tian’s decision was very fast. In a few seconds, he gave the order.

Soon, Dawn replied, “We’ve received the goods. Don’t worry, Commander. I’ve already informed them. According to your plan, they’ll move in 20 seconds and cooperate with you!”

“Very good!”

Even though Lei Tian had wanted to settle the score with Dawn immediately, he was relieved to see Dawn’s reply.

Lei Tian immediately gave the command to Lei Hong.

At the same time, above Phobos, Pei Tiejun received Wei Bin’s latest instructions.

“The three of them? This plan… is really stupid, but it’s also very effective. Dawn is really good at playing double agents.”

Almost instantly, Pei Tiejun found the three people on the list and immediately made the corresponding arrangements according to the plan.

Twenty seconds later, three quasi-planetary experts from Blue Star suddenly made a strange move. At the same time, they took out a black flag with a hint of light. They wrapped it around their waists and shouted as they charged towards the Spiritual Race’s camp.

“The Spiritual Race is the light of hope for our Blue Star! We want to join the Spiritual Race!”

The sudden shout and action stunned most of the experts on Blue Star.

Damn it, at this critical moment, there was actually an expert who defected to the enemy at the last minute. Did he have to be so deceitful?!

This kind of defection was a huge blow to the morale of the army. What was worse was that at this moment, the difference in strength between the two sides after the three people who had joined the opponent instantly became big.

At the same time, smiles appeared on the faces of the Spiritual Race experts. It was a good thing that someone had defected to the enemy at the last minute.

However, there were also quite a few people who frowned slightly, such as Lei Hong.

He was a little unhappy!

According to his previous suggestion, these three people were too f*cking stupid to come over with such slogans. It was a f*cking waste of opportunities.

The three of them should stay in the humans’ camp and attack the humans beside them. Fortresses with invincible defenses were often breached from the inside. Similarly, sneak attacks from allies were also the most fatal.

In that case, Blue Star would definitely lose three to four quasi-planetary experts. If that was the case, the Spiritual Race would be able to secure victory.

Lei Hong had suggested such a suggestion to Lei Tian. Lei Tian had discussed it with Dawn several times, but Dawn refused to agree. His people could defect to the enemy at the last minute and help the Spiritual Race fight the Blue Star experts, but they would never commit suicidal actions.

That’s right. Dawn believed that if the three quasi-planets under his command were to stab the humans in the back during the war, they would commit suicide.

Although the human race of Blue Star had endless internal conflicts in the six great alliance zones, they were also extremely iron-blooded in war.

Those who fled at the last minute would be killed!

Those who surrender at the last minute would be killed!

Those who didn’t make a move at the last minute would be killed!

This was a rule that had been set on the battlefield since the Great Genetic Era began a hundred years ago. Once such a person appeared in the elite battles of the top powerhouses, the attitude of the six alliances of the Blue Star was to prioritize killing.

Even if he didn’t kill the enemy, he had to kill such a person first.

Especially defectors! He had to kill!

Therefore, if the three quasi-planet powerhouses of Dawn betrayed the enemy and stabbed the Blue Star’s powerhouses in the back during the battle, the three people on the Blue Star’s side would definitely die.

Under the military order, the other experts would surround and annihilate the defectors even if they were injured.

There was a precedent. Because of this, Dawn was extremely resolute in rejecting the suggestion of stabbing the Blue Star in the back. His people could participate in the battle in the Spiritual Race’s main camp.@@novelbin@@

However, he would definitely not do something that would send his people to their death.

Lei Tian had no choice but to accept it. A quasi-planetary expert could die in battle, but it was very difficult to tell him to make suicidal actions. It was difficult even within the Spiritual Race. Under such circumstances, the so-called stupid and cute phenomenon that Pei Tiefeng mentioned appeared.

The three traitors shouted their slogans as they joined the Spiritual Race.

But a tug would trigger the entire situation.

...

The three of them were like a hornet’s nest. There were quasi-planet powerhouses that immediately chased after them.

And there were more than three of them!

Those who defected at the last minute must be killed!

Pei Tiefeng, who had already made arrangements, secretly instructed the other quasi-planets to restrain their opponents.

Immediately, seven quasi-planets chased after the three traitors of Dawn.

Seeing the Blue Star humans’ quasi-planetary experts chasing after them, the Spiritual Race’s quasi-planetary experts began to panic. They wanted to attack! Coincidentally, the three quasi-planets had coincidentally blocked their attack trajectories and even blocked their attacks.

Attack these three humans who had defected? It didn’t seem too good.

They even wanted to kill the humans who had defected. Moreover, they wanted to kill them in public. In the future, no humans from the Blue Star would dare to defect.

All the humans of the Blue Star would fight to the death. Whether they defected or surrendered, they would die. They might as well fight to the death.

Coincidentally, Lei Hong also thought the same, so he hesitated and did not give the order. Without an order, the three quasi-planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race who had been affected by the three defectors were met with tragedy.

They were forced to take a beating.

...

When the seven quasi-planetary experts behind them launched their fatal attacks, the three quasi-planetary experts that had defected magically dodged.

Fortunately, or rather, very badly, the two quasi-planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race had been focused on.

Six against two!

Three against one!

One died on the spot, and the other was severely injured.

Lei Hong’s eyes instantly widened. He was a little confused. How could there be such a thing? How was this a spy? Was this an idiot spy sent by the alien monkeys?

In the end, the spy killed his own people!

Lei Hong felt like he was going to explode. But Lei Hong still did not give the order to attack the traitorous Blue Star’s humans. However, because of this wave of attacks, the battle between the two sides instantly began.

At the same time, the three quasi-planetary experts from Dawn made another move.

As they shouted and ran for their lives, they used their coquettish movements to block the attacks of the Spiritual Race’s quasi-planetary experts!