Chapter 924 - 924 Glory Bullet (2)

924 Glory Bullet (2)

One was between his brows, and the other was at his heart. As soon as it pierced through, a terrifying bolt of lightning erupted from Lei Zhan’s body. The earth spike was directly shattered! There was a red mark between Lei Zhan’s brows and a small bloody hole outside his heart.

Just a little more!

Lei Zhan exploded!

He was so close! He had almost been killed by an Evolution Realm human. Although the other party had used paywalls, in Lei Zhan’s opinion, this was a disgrace!

He was even more furious!

You spend money, right? He was a quasi-planet. How could he not have ways to spend money?

The moment he escaped, Lei Zhan turned into a bolt of lightning and pounced toward Xu Tui. One after another, thunderballs blasted toward Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had seen this kind of lightning ball in the hands of Lei Xiang. He had a deep impression of its power. In an instant, the word that was about to be torn apart was changed to the earth-element energy shield Origin Crystal Sealing Card that he had seized on the resource planet.

The word ‘fix’ might be able to freeze Lei Zhan, but Xu Tui would definitely be finished under the bombardment of the three thunderballs.

Therefore, he could only defend with all his might.

At this moment, Xu Tui was a little depressed. A quasi-planetary-level powerhouse had to use money to deal with him. This was a little shameless. At the same time, Xu Tui pushed the Vajra Tide Returning Shield to its maximum. The Mountain Formula materialized in front of him as a defense.

Boom!

The first and second lightning balls exploded almost instantly. Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula, earth-element energy barrier, and Vajra Tide Return Shield instantly shattered.

The innermost layer of the Vajra Barrier also fluctuated violently and was on the verge of shattering.

However, the third lightning ball followed closely behind and exploded.

The mental shield that he had set up in a hurry shattered. The Vajra Barrier shattered. Xu Tui’s entire body was sent flying by the explosion. The combat uniform on the front of his body was tattered.

Xu Tui spat out blood.

Was this the true strength of a quasi-planetary powerhouse? Or was this the power of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse spending money?

This was much stronger than Xu Tui had imagined.

Of course, Xu Tui’s reference point was Lei Xiang from before.

Strictly speaking, Lei Xiang was not a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. Moreover, when he was dealing with Lei Xiang, Li Shihua, Ruan Da, Simple, and Jian Qi were spending money with Xu Tui at the same time. That was why it was not that difficult to take it down.

At this moment, Xu Tui was facing a true quasi-planetary powerhouse alone, and it was even a quasi-planet of the Spiritual Race. The difficulty was obvious.

Xu Tui felt that he had lost control of his body the moment he was sent flying. The intense assault and the lightning attack caused his mind power to dissipate. He was injured just from the front. It was not light either!

On the other side, Zhou Chuan, He Xiaojun, and Jin Zheng had just joined forces to severely injure the last Transmutation Realm expert Lei Zhan had brought.

The opportunity to retreat was about to arrive, but Xu Tui was severely injured by Lei Zhan.

He Xiaojun looked at his half-black body. He had been severely injured by Lei Zhan just now.

Suddenly, He Xiaojun smiled. “Let me do it!”

After many years of tacit understanding, Zhou Chuan jumped up and caught Xu Tui without any hesitation. Jin Zheng was like a violent bear. The energy field around his body flickered with a dazzling light. He charged toward Lei Zhan, who was chasing after Xu Tui.

Lei Zhan sneered. With a casual wave of his hand, a bolt of lightning sent Jin Zheng flying.

At this moment, the half-dead He Xiaojun on the ground jumped up like lightning. When he was closest to Lei Zhan, energy field power surged out and suddenly exploded a certain gap in his combat uniform. Then, he took the opportunity to press a button!

In an instant, the lithium deuteride in his combat uniform was instantly detonated.

Lithium deuteride was commonly known as a hydrogen bomb.

A hydrogen bomb that had been constantly modified a hundred years later was called a particle-stream bullet. It had been shrunk to the fifth-generation level and was the smallest nuclear weapon that an individual could carry.

“F*ck, I’ve finally used the glory bullet that I’ve carried for so many years! Old Zhou, remember my daughter!”

He Xiaojun roared angrily. His entire body was drowned by the bullet light.

Zhou Chuan did not look back as he carried Xu Tui on his back. Jin Zheng crawled in a strange position to avoid the power of the bullet. At the same time, he followed behind Zhou Chuan, ready to be the second He Xiaojun.

They had received a death order when they came. They had to ensure Xu Tui’s safety. Actually, even without the military order, they had already realized Xu Tui’s value in the previous battle. As long as Xu Tui was given a few more years to grow, then…

Xu Tui, who was being carried on Zhou Chuan’s back, saw this scene. His eyes widened.

Damn the war!

Damn the invaders!

Half a second later, Xu Tui recovered from his severely injured body. Just as he recovered, he saw Lei Zhan rush out of the explosion of the bullets in the particle stream with his body covered in blood.

He was not dead!

Of course, it was normal. If a five-kilogram hydrogen bomb could kill a quasi-planet of the Spiritual Race, the Blue Star humans would have long won!

Without hesitation, Xu Tui tore open a sealing card. The huge word instantly landed on Lei Zhan. At the same time, Xu Tui took out a flying sword and the last three-phase thermal explosive.

Lei Zhan’s expression changed drastically. He was too familiar with the word ‘fix’!

The recordings sent back from the Moon’s offensive and defensive battles showed that the first Planetary realm powerhouses to be killed were first restrained by this word, then blasted away by the enemy with technological weapons.

However, Xu Tui did not know much about the ability of the word ‘fix’. He had not used it before. Cai Shaochu had also explained it very vaguely, so Xu Tui had been using the word ‘seal’.

At this moment, he couldn’t care less!

However, he had to use the last three-phase thermal explosive well. This was Xu Tui’s last attack method.@@novelbin@@

Without hesitation, Lei Zhan instantly unleashed his strongest attack again. He bombarded the word ‘fix’ crazily!

He threw out a thunder ball. He could not let this word land on him. The huge word continued to dissipate under Lei Zhan’s crazy attacks.

Xu Tui’s flying sword, which was tied to the three-phase thermal explosive, instantly took off. It was also at this moment that Lei Zhan took advantage of the moment when the lightning ball was thrown to block the word ‘fix’ to instantly turn into a bolt of lightning.

This lightning did not escape, instead it counterattacked.

Lei Zhan instantly chased after Xu Tui until he was 200 meters behind him. He passed by Xu Tui’s flying sword, which was tied to a three-phase thermal explosive, and was about to launch a fatal attack on Xu Tui.

...

Xu Tui, who was staring intently at Lei Zhan, tore open the word “illusion” that Cai Shaochu had emphasized. At the same time, Xu Tui said to Zhou Chuan, who was carrying him, “Extreme speed!”

Lei Zhan, who had crashed into the word ‘illusion’, suddenly had a strange expression.

The roar of a flying sword rang out!

At the same time, three kilometers away, two Transmutation Realm experts with human faces from the Blue Star Huaya Sector stopped and sensed slightly. One of them frowned and said, “We won’t be killed, right? If we are killed, we won’t be able to complete the mission, will we?”

“It’s a three-phase thermal explosive. Damn, there’s such a method! Don’t worry, we should still have a chance.”

“Let’s go!”

At the same time, on Phobos, the power fluctuations of quasi-planetary-level powerhouses rose one after another on Mars. They were all at the Mars base. This made Pei Tiefeng, a planetary-level powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector, unable to sit still.

There was an instant movement.