Chapter 932 - 932 Shang Long’S Exploration Discovery And Defeat (2)

932 Shang Long’s Exploration Discovery and Defeat (2)

This was Jagren’s ability, space folding and quantum space teleportation.

Under normal circumstances, Jagren could fold space, but he could only perform some short-distance teleportation. He couldn’t do it if it’s anything bigger, let alone a planetary powerhouse.

However, with the help of the quantum entanglement fluctuations in the quantum transportation channel, Jagren could carry out another form of quantum space transportation. He could teleport a planetary powerhouse that was weaker than him.

Almost instantly, Cai Shaochu disappeared.

The moment Cai Shaochu disappeared, Jagren’s face suddenly turned pale. Fresh blood spurted out of his mouth, and he couldn’t stop it. He spat out four to five mouthfuls before stopping.

Jagren, who was wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth, was so angry that his mouth was almost crooked. “Old dog Cai, f*ck you! Are you still in a f*cking weak state? You almost killed me!”

The people in charge of the six sectors looked stunned, but Wei Bin looked apologetic.

At this moment, the flames of war were raging on Phobos. The energy fluctuations were extremely chaotic. The aura of a planetary powerhouse suddenly appeared on Mars. But no one noticed it.

Three minutes before Cai Shaochu appeared, a fleet of aerospace combat jets rushed into the sky from the Huaya Sector’s Mars base.

In one of the aerospace combat jets, a middle-aged man was sitting cross-legged quietly. His skin was indescribably pale. On his lap was a foot-long sword. When Cai Shaochu arrived, he narrowed his eyes and instantly disappeared. Ten seconds later, he appeared beside the Aerospace Fighter that had entered outer space.

“Old Shang!”

In the aerospace combat jet, the pale-skinned man slowly opened his eyes and stepped out of the jet. “Shaochu, long time no see.”

“How are you doing over there?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“I found something, but it’s far from enough.” Shang Long’s clone sighed and took out an Origin Crystal.

“Time and space are too far apart. Even though there is a natural quantum entanglement connection between the mental bodies, there is not much key information synchronized. I’ve recorded everything that can be synchronized here. There are a few key points. Remember them.” Shang Long’s clone said.

“You’ve worked hard.”

“Ceres is not only the Spiritual Race’s transportation hub, but also an important transportation node between the solar system and the Milky Way. You must enter Ceres and take a stand in the asteroid belt behind it. That is the door to the solar system!” Shang Long’s clone said.

“I’ll remember that!”

“Also, the population of the Blue Star is very important!”

“Population? More or less? Or is there a balance?”

“So far, the more the merrier.”

“What’s the point of having more?”

“This information hasn’t been synchronized yet. If there’s a chance, we can try to understand the techniques and principles behind the Spiritual Race’s Silver Box,” Shang Long’s clone said.

“Alright!” With that, Shang Long handed the Origin Crystal in his hand to Cai Shaochu. “I’ve recorded all the other messy information here. I don’t have much time. Let’s join the battle!”

“Okay!”

“Then, help me undo the seal. I’ll have to trouble Shaochu to retrieve my mental body after this,” Shang Long’s clone said.

“I should.”

In the next moment, Cai Shaochu’s fingers were like swords. With a slight illusion, thousands of tiny seals appeared on the surface of Shang Long’s clone. His entire body was covered in seals!

“Retrieve!” With a low shout, Cai Shaochu pointed his sword. The thousands of words flew out of Shang Long’s clone and returned to Cai Shaochu’s body like a dragon.

Cai Shaochu’s aura actually increased slightly. At the same time, an indescribable sword energy shot into the sky. The small sword in front of Shang Long’s clone instantly disappeared.

On Phobos, Lei Tian, who was happily battling Gavro’s successor Erera, suddenly felt his heart skip a beat.

Fear suddenly rose in his heart.

At this moment, Erera’s eyes turned red again. Two red and black rays intersected with the purple flame rays and instantly restricted Lei Tian.

The sword light tore through the air like a meteor.

When Lei Tian sensed the sword light, he instantly understood.

Shang Long!

This was another strategic planetary powerhouse, Shang Long. The two strategic planetary powerhouses from Blue Star were actually here.

“Black Hole is killing me!”

The anger in Lei Tian’s heart was indescribable. At this moment, he only had one thought: Stay alive first!

Erera’s rays were very powerful, but Shang Long’s flying sword could kill.

In an instant, Lei Tian chose to pay the price to forcefully break through Erera’s ray. One of his arms was broken by Erera’s rays, but there was no blood flowing out of the wound.

Lei Tian instantly turned into lightning and fled. However, the sword light also flashed violently. In the next moment, the lightning bolt and the sword light appeared in the void at the same time. The tip of the sword light was stained with blood.@@novelbin@@

There was a small hole in Lei Tian’s neck, and blood gushed out like a fountain.

Lei Tian’s face was pale, and he almost had his head blown off. He casually threw out a thunder ball to block the flying sword. Lei Tian instantly turned into lightning again and fled, but he was ruthlessly hit by Erera’s three rays.

At the same time that three large holes appeared on his charred body, Lei Tian transformed into lightning again and fled into the distance.

Erera looked at the sword light in the distance in surprise. She wanted to continue chasing Lei Tian, but Cai Shaochu’s voice sounded in her mind.

Cai Shaochu’s voice made Erera’s expression instantly turn stunned. She even curiously sized up the sword light, but she gave up on chasing after Lei Tian.

At the same time, the sword light that had just disappeared appeared on the battlefield above Phobos in an extremely dazzling manner. With a flash of sword light, a line of blood suddenly appeared on the forehead of the planetary powerhouse who was fighting with Pei Tiefeng.

Pei Tiefeng was overjoyed. He immediately charged at another planetary powerhouse.

The sword light dissipated.

At the same time, Erera also turned around and joined Phobos’ battle. Purple flames and red eyes attacked at the same time, slaughtering the Spiritual Race’s experts.

In the blink of an eye, four quasi-planetary experts were killed and one planetary powerhouse was heavily injured.

It was only at this moment that Lei Hong reacted. He roared in despair, “Retreat! Retreat, as many as you can survive! If you have the means, throw them all out to stop the pursuers!”

Almost in an instant, the battle turned into a huge retreat for the Spiritual Race. The morale of the planetary powerhouses and quasi-planetary experts from Blue Star was greatly boosted. Anyone who could fight began to chase after them.

...

“Don’t get too close. Pay attention to your defense!” Pei Tiefeng roared.

Erera turned into a ray of light and chased into the depths of space. Wherever she passed, corpses began to float.

As for Shang Long’s flying sword, it did not chase after them.

“You used two swords!” Cai Shaochu said.

“The third strike is too powerful. There’s no need to use it, lest it attracts unwanted attention.” As Shang Long’s clone smiled, he suddenly frowned and looked at Mars from afar.