Chapter 937 - 937 Itavi’S Discovery And Desperate Captive (3)

937 Itavi’s Discovery and Desperate Captive (3)

At this moment, Itavi had the urge to kill someone. Even if he were to bring Xu Tui in front of him and crush him inch by inch, it would not solve the hatred in his heart.

His plan had been completely disrupted.

Suddenly, Itavi realized something else.

The deal!

On his side, the transaction was accidentally interrupted. He did not know what Xu Tui had obtained from Nakabo Ichito, but the transaction with the Spiritual Race should be carried out on time.

At the thought of this, Itavi immediately contacted Lei Tian. However, what made Itavi frown was that he had lost contact with Lei Tian.

He could not contact Lei Tian at all.

Itavi, who did not know the situation on Phobos yet, naturally did not know that Lei Tian had already escaped. It was normal that he could not contact him through communication. He tried to contact Lei Tian a few times, but he could not. Itavi did not care too much.

The people of the Spiritual Race were not idiots. If the other trading party did not appear at the agreed time, they should cancel the transaction.

Putting the matter aside, Itavi was still frowning. He had to take Xu Tui seriously. The ability that Xu Tui had displayed in front of his fire shadow today was too powerful. That mental attack was actually so powerful. It had earth spikes and a small mountain. Its superpower was extremely powerful. It could actually easily kill a Transmutation Realm expert.

Suddenly, Itavi’s heart skipped a beat and his expression changed. He thought of another possibility.

Many suspicious targets of the Sun Temple were eliminated by them in the end. As a result, the massacre of the Sun Temple became an unresolved case. They could not find a suspect. This was because their previous suspects were all at the Genetic Transmutation Realm or the powerful Genetic Evolution Realm.

At that time, Xu Tui was only at the Genetic Mutation Realm. He did not even have the right to be suspected. However, now that he had personally fought Xu Tui, he realized that there was. Not only that, but the possibility of Xu Tui being a suspect was also very high.

At the very least, his powerful mind power and earth-element superpowers were confirmed. He was still lacking an ice-element or water-element superpower.

Suddenly, Itavi remembered a document that had been sent over previously. It seemed to record…

A minute later, Itavi, who had found the information again, had a dark expression and an extremely sinister aura. “The Sun Temple was most likely slaughtered by this kid!”

At the same time, Xu Tui and Zhou Chuan also rushed to the trading location recorded in Nakabo Ichito’s personal communication device.

From afar, Zhou Chuan saw a tall figure standing there.

It was a Spirit!

“Where’s the trading item?” the Spirit on the other side asked from afar.

Zhou Chuan did not say anything. Instead, he waved Xu Tui in his hand. “Where’s the thing we want?”@@novelbin@@

“Throw them together!”

“I want to check the goods first!” Zhou Chuan acted very well!

The Spirit who was trading was a little impatient. He took out two Silver Spirit Boxes and waved them. “Hurry up. We’re leaving!”

Zhou Chuan frowned. At this moment, Xu Tui’s voice sounded in Zhou Chuan’s mind. “Deal, just throw me over! I’ll deal with a Transmutation Realm expert!”

Zhou Chuan’s silent finger indicated to Xu Tui that he knew. Then, he said to the Spirit opposite him, “Then throw them together!”

“Okay!”

The moment Zhou Chuan threw Xu Tui out, the Spirit also threw out the two Silver Boxes of Spirit. Lightning surged out of the Spirit’s fingers. He wanted to receive Xu Tui, but his expression changed drastically in the next moment.

The Mountain Formula had already blasted towards him.

“Black Hole, how dare you!”

The Spirit was in a hurry. The mental hammer had already smashed down the moment Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula was shattered. His gaze dissipated, and his mental body trembled. The earth spike instantly rose and pierced through his non-lethal vital points.

Xu Tui, who had pounced forward, instantly took out a mental shield hat and put it on the Spirit. Then, he broke his leg and arm. When the Spirit’s mental body recovered and his eyes regained clarity, he realized that he had been captured at the critical moment of his retreat.

Despair rose!