Chapter 931 - 931 Shang Long’S Exploration Discovery And Defeat (1)

931 Shang Long’s Exploration Discovery and Defeat (1)

“Lei Tian, I’ve been waiting for you!”

Amidst the awe-inspiring female voice, a purple-red blazing light suddenly appeared from the void and struck the two lightning bolts that had just appeared.

The moment the purple-red light appeared, the powerhouses of the Blue Star who were fighting bitterly cheered without exception.

The purple flames were also called the Light of Destruction. This was the signature ability of the Fire God, Gavro.

And Erera was also a student of the God of Fire, Gavro.

This purple flame ray was extremely fast, like the speed of light. The moment it appeared, two bolts of lightning struck one after another. In just an instant, the two bolts of lightning were strangled to death.

However, there was no sign of Lei Tian!

“Thunder Punishment!” Lei Tian’s cold voice sounded from another direction. A huge thunder ball rapidly expanded and then split into thousands of lightning bolts that exploded in all directions.

The first two rays of light were empty. It was to lure Erera into attacking.

“Erera, you inherited Gavro’s abilities, but at the same time, you inherited his stupidity!”

Erera, who had just appeared, had long red hair flying in the wind, and a cold expression on her face. “There’s only a thin line between stupidity and wisdom. Some people think they’re very wise, but they’re actually very stupid!”

The purplish-red violet flames in the void suddenly turned and split into three. They began to sweep through the lightning that exploded from the Thunder Punishment Art in the void. As long as all the lightning collided with the purple flames, they would be instantly minced into nothingness.

However, even though the purple flames split into three, the surface was still too narrow.

The lightning it killed was only a small portion.

The rest of the lightning had already entered the battlefield. It was as if they had eyes as they attacked those quasi-planetary experts.

What was worse was that the thunder ball was still splitting into lightning.

The purple flames instantly shot towards the thunder ball. The thunder ball’s brilliance dimmed, but as a large amount of lightning poured in, the thunder ball continued to rain down lightning punishment.

However, with this continuous input, Lei Tian’s figure completely appeared in the void.

Erera snorted coldly, and her eyes turned red. Two red rays with a hint of black shot out from her eyes and instantly hit the thunder ball.

The thunder ball was silently annihilated. But at the same time, Lei Tian also laughed wildly. “I’ve already created an opportunity for you. Leave Erera to me. It’s up to you when you take over Mars!”

Lightning flashed and pressed towards Erera, entangling her.

At the same time, on the battlefield between the experts of both sides, the humans of the Blue Star screamed repeatedly.

Thunder Punishment was not only a group attack, but it was also extremely powerful. Most importantly, the quasi-planetary and planetary experts were fighting their enemies with all their might.

Suddenly, a few bolts of lightning blasted over. It was no different from being surrounded!

In an instant, four quasi-planets of the human race died, eight were seriously injured, and the others were all injured and affected. Two planetary experts from the human race were also heavily injured. Although they didn’t completely withdraw from the battle, they weren’t far from it.

The other planetary experts were also affected and the situation instantly turned disadvantageous.

It was worth mentioning that of the three planetary powerhouses that were fighting the Spiritual Race’s planetary experts, one died on the spot while the other was heavily injured. This planetary expert of the Spiritual Race would immediately lose his restraints!

In an instant, the advantages and disadvantages changed.

Originally, it was 43 versus 46 on the quasi planetary state side. Now that Lei Tian had succeeded, the situation suddenly became 31 versus 43.

What was worse was that a planetary expert from the Spiritual Race was about to join the battlefield.

This was the reason why Lei Tian laughed out loud!

His plan had succeeded!

Pei Tiefeng, who was also troubled by the lightning, took a second to recover, but he was a little depressed. Erera was very strong, but she had suffered a loss in this exchange.

However, the moment Lei Tian appeared, Phobos immediately sent the message to the moon.

At the same time, on the moon, Wei Bin, who had received the message, nodded at Cai Shaochu and Jagren.

“Jagren, let’s begin.” Cai Shaochu, who was curled up in a loose robe, said.

“Okay, I need 30 seconds to prepare.”

Just as Jagren was preparing, the real-time battle situation of Phobos was spread out by everyone. They frowned! No one had expected that under Erera’s protection, Phobos’ casualties would be slightly greater than they had imagined.

However, even though they were dissatisfied, the people in charge of the various sectors did not dare to say anything for the time being.

Facing a planetary expert, the people in charge of the various sectors were a little scared. Not to mention a strategic planetary powerhouse like Erera!

“Although it’s said that Erera’s brain was used to change her chest, no one in this battlefield is necessarily better than Erera.”

Cai Shaochu nagged, and Jagren shouted, “Done!”

An illusory light suddenly appeared in front of Jagren. One end of this illusory light came from the quantum teleportation channel of Moon.@@novelbin@@

Cai Shaochu wore his empty robe and floated directly into this illusory shadow. Jagren’s expression suddenly became extremely serious.

Intense quantum entanglement and spatial folding fluctuations rose at the same time, and even the quantum teleportation channel of Moon began to tremble.