Chapter 933 - 933 Ten Essence Herbal And The Third Sword (1)

933 Ten Essence Herbal and the Third Sword (1)

Back to a minute ago.

On Mars, outside the crater. The flames that rushed over were extremely fast and caused a huge commotion. It was as if a sea of fire was rushing over.

Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng smiled bitterly at the same time. They knew that a powerful enemy had come.

“Retreat, I’ll stop them!” Xu Tui roared and instantly smashed down with his mental hammer. The flying sword also whistled as it blasted over.

!!

The mental hammer’s attack didn’t seem to affect the sea of fire, but the flying sword pierced through the core of the sea of fire.

A look of joy appeared on Xu Tui’s face. However, his joy instantly froze. The flying sword passed through him, but it was useless. He could see clearly how the flames and sea of fire came about the moment the flying sword passed through them.

A fire shadow!

An adult-sized fire shadow that was purely made of energy, so flying swords were useless. The speed of the sea of fire was too fast. In an instant, the three of them were sucked into the sea of fire.

Xu Tui suddenly pulled out his Mental Vibrating Whip.

It worked! A portion of the sea of fire in front of Xu Tui instantly dissipated.

However, Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng did not escape. Under such circumstances, fleeing would only mean death!

There was no chance to escape!

Jin Zheng’s spear created a path in the sea of fire and charged at the fire shadow. Zhou Chuan pounced over like an eagle.

Xu Tui used the Mountain Formula, Earth Spike, and Mental Hammer to attack the fire shadow from behind. He wanted to injure it.

However, this fire shadow was too strong. Whether it was the Mountain Formula or the Earth Spike, they were melted by the sea of flames the moment they appeared.

Xu Tui’s emotions at this moment were indescribably complicated.

Weren’t the quasi-planets gone? Why did he meet quasi-planetary experts one after another?

What made him even angrier was that the quasi-planetary fire shadow in front of him was very likely a human from the Blue Star.

“Don’t let me know who you are!” As Xu Tui attacked crazily, the fire shadow only waved his hand, and two jets of flames sent Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng flying.

Zhou Chuan was slightly better. The surface of his body was charred black, and Jin Zheng, who was already seriously injured, had his arms that were holding the shield instantly burned!

Jin Zheng suddenly turned around and glanced at Xu Tui. He nodded vigorously at Xu Tui. The moment the energy field carried him up, Jin Zheng suddenly detonated the Glorious Bullet.

The moment the nuclear bomb exploded, Jin Zheng looked back in the direction of the Blue Star.

On that blue planet, there was his home…

There was no sadness, no roars, only anger! At this moment, there was only endless anger in Xu Tui’s heart.

Another glory bullet!

The light that exploded devoured the fire shadow. The corners of his eyes were red, but very dry. At this moment, a man had no tears!

Xu Tui pulled Zhou Chuan and retreated. The energy fluctuations were very chaotic. He did not know if the fire shadow was dead. There was a high chance that he would not die. A five kilogram nuclear fusion bomb wouldn’t be able to kill a quasi-planetary expert even if it exploded at the core.

At most, he would be severely injured.

However, the fire shadow was much stronger than he had imagined. Before the power of the nuclear explosion dissipated, the fire shadow had already rushed out.

Zhou Chuan’s expression changed. Two cards appeared in Xu Tui’s hand. The last card of ‘fix’ and ‘escape’!

Xu Tui still had one ‘fix’ card in his hand. Unfortunately, Zhou Chuan was an Extreme Branch. He could not use the Mystic Branch’s Origin Crystal ability seal card.@@novelbin@@

“You can leave. Don’t worry about me.” Zhou Chuan smiled at him before he could speak.

“No matter who this person is, I will definitely exterminate their entire family in the future. His entire family will be exterminated!” There was a faint taste of blood in Xu Tui’s mouth. He had to leave alive to have a chance to take revenge.

Xu Tui activated the word ‘fix’ almost as soon as he spoke. The huge word “fix” instantly covered the fire shadow that had just rushed out. The fire shadow’s body instantly froze, and Xu Tui’s mental senses spread out again.

“You should escape too. You should have a few seconds!” Xu Tui shouted.

Zhou Chuan chuckled at him. “I’m not running anymore. The Glorious Bullet is too heavy. It’s a little tiring to carry it. Otherwise, I might not even have a chance to use this thing later!” With that said, the charred Zhou Chuan strode towards the frozen fire shadow with his head held high. His fingers were already on the Glorious Bullet.

Xu Tui felt a lump in his throat, but he still said anxiously, “Run quickly. There’s a chance…”

He was suddenly stunned. “Come back! There’s still a chance!”

Zhou Chuan was stunned!

“Remove the glory bullet and throw it over! His aura has been weakened!” Xu Tui shouted.

The moment his mental perception spread out again, he suddenly realized that the aura fluctuation of the frozen fire shadow had decreased by at least 20%. The energy fluctuation had also decreased.

When he first appeared, the quasi-planetary power fluctuations emitted by the fire shadow were much stronger than Lei Zhan’s. However, this time, he was much weaker than Lei Zhan. He was only slightly stronger than Lei Xiang that broke through to the quasi-planetary realm.

This situation was extremely strange.

Ordinary quasi-planetary powerhouses would not change their power fluctuations unless they were fatally injured. An injured quasi-planetary was still a quasi-planetary. Even if it was a quasi-planetary that had exhausted all his strength, he was still a quasi-planetary.

However, the fire shadow in front of him was really strange. In the battle just now, his aura had actually decreased greatly. He did not have time to study the reason. It might be because the fire shadow was a pure energy body that did not have a physical body.

However, since it could fall previously, it could also weaken his aura again now.

As long as his aura weakened to a certain extent, he would no longer be a threat.