Chapter 939 - 939 The New Discovery Of Tri Ling Ding (2)

939 The New Discovery of Tri Ling Ding (2)

He would not even have the chance to serve at the frontline of the Milky Way. Being locked up in the Inferno and Water Prison was probably a relatively good outcome.

The losses this time were too great. Their lineage was completely finished. He took out a bottle of wine and took a sip. Lei Tian forced himself to calm down.

The matter had already happened. Although he would definitely be severely punished by the Sanctuary, there was still room for maneuver.

He was unforgivable. He could not throw the blame away. However, the others had the room to operate. If they operated well, they would have no problems reducing their crime by one level.

!!

Sometimes, how to write battle reports was also an art. Of course, he had to make arrangements in advance.

“We have to leave some hope for our lineage.” Lei Tian’s expression became determined.

A minute later, Lei Tian took out a communication disk embedded with a high-level colony of the Ling Clan, installed the Origin Crystal, and activated the communication disk. This place was too far from the forward operating base, and he was in a meteorite in outer space. If he wanted to contact the forward operating base, he could only use this thing.

“Hello, Commander-in-chief!” Lei Qian’s heroic and charming voice rang out on the other end of the communication device.

In the past, he had heard this voice every day. This time, he was far away from the forward operating base and had been defeated again. When he heard Lei Qian’s voice again, Lei Tian suddenly felt emotional.

Lei Qian’s various appearances flashed through his mind.

In the command hall, in the interstellar wilderness, in space, on meteors, on patrol battleships… All kinds of their past battles appeared in Lei Tian’s mind, making him miss them extremely.

There would probably be no future.

“I have to make arrangements for Lei Qian. I have to make her crimes lighter and have a shorter time…” Lei Tian considered.

It was impossible for the Sanctuary to only hold Lei Tian responsible for the failure of a battle and such a huge loss.

The Sanctuary would pursue the responsibility of the entire forward operating base command center. Under such an investigation, the Sanctuary would clean up the command center of the forward operating base before sending a new commander-in-chief over.

In the forward operating base, a trusted aide like Lei Qian was definitely the target of the liquidation.

“How’s the forward operating base?” Lei Tian asked, perking up.

“Reporting to the commander-in-chief, everything is normal in the forward operating base! Commander-in-chief, how’s the situation on Mars? Why does your voice sound very tired? Don’t be too tired when you’re out fighting. You have to pay attention to your health,” Lei Qian said with concern.

Lei Tian was silent. He did not know how to tell Lei Qian. The original intention of this battle was to save Lei Xiang. Under the step-by-step planning and the stimulation of his desire to enter the Sanctuary, the scale became larger and larger.

Originally, Lei Tian, who had many spies, should have won. At the very least, they would have no problems taking down Mars.

However…

Lei Qian, who was on the other end of the communication device, suddenly realized that something was wrong. She was too familiar with this man. If he won, he would probably have…

Looking at the scene in front of her, he had probably lost this battle on Mars!

Lei Qian’s voice trembled when she thought of this. “Commander-in-chief, did we… lose?”

Lei Tian replied with extreme difficulty, “We lost!”

“How bad is the loss?”

As the adjutant of the forward operating base, Lei Qian was extremely clear about the rules.

In war, there were wins and losses.

The Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary would not settle the score as long as the commander at the frontline lost the battle. In that case, the Spiritual Race’s commander would have been cleared long ago.

There was a line!

There was a loss line that determined if the commander would be liquidated. The rules were extremely complicated, but Lei Qian knew very well.

“Great defeat… The losses… The losses of top Planetary and quasi-planetary powerhouses might be 60%… 70% or even more…”

On the other end of the communication device, Lei Qian was stunned. She was really stunned as if she had been struck by lightning. Suddenly, Lei Qian laughed. “Sir, you’re joking with me, right? How can we lose so much?”

Lei Tian smiled bitterly. “The elites who attacked the moon and stopped the moon’s reinforcements were almost completely wiped out…”

Lei Qian was speechless. In the command hall of the forward operating base, tears had already silently flowed down Lei Qian’s eyes. “Sir, do you know what this… means?”

“I know!

Most of the people related to me would be liquidated.

“The reason why I contacted you is that I want to do it as soon as possible. When I report it, I want to try my best to reduce your responsibilities and crimes!” Lei Tian said.

“Sir, I know! However, no matter how good the report is, according to military law, I have to stay in the four prisons outside the Thunder Prison for 20 years. Each prison will take at least five years! At least five years!” Lei Qian’s voice became sharp.

Lei Tian was a little disappointed. He did not expect Lei Qian to be like this.

Were women really unable to go through thick and thin together?

He was a little disappointed, but Lei Tian still consoled her, “Little Qian, you’re still young. Even if you’re really locked up for 20 years, you’re still young. Under my nurturing all these years, you’re not weak anymore. When you come out, you’ll still have a future!”

“No, I don’t want 20 years! I don’t want 20 years of Spiritual Prison! I don’t want it!” Lei Qian suddenly became hysterical, making Lei Tian even more disappointed.

“Lei Qian, don’t be like this. We have to face it bravely.”

“No, I don’t want it! I don’t want our child to face the Spiritual Prison the moment he is born and become the lowest level of the Spiritual Race! I don’t want him to lose his parents the moment he’s born! I don’t want it! I don’t want it! Think of a way!”

Lei Qian’s hysterical scream stunned Lei Tian. Then, he suddenly became anxious. “Wait, Little Qian, what did you say? A child? What did you say about our child? Explain it to me clearly.” Lei Tian became anxious.

“I’m pregnant! I’ve been with a child for three months!”

Lei Tian was stunned. “Really? Why didn’t you tell me when I left to prepare for battle?”

“Your current cultivation makes it very difficult for us to have children. At that time, I wasn’t sure! I only confirmed it after you left for battle and tested three times in a row!” Lei Qian said.

“Child? Is it a boy or a girl?”

“The genetic test shows that it’s a boy. The main gene was inherited from you!” Lei Qian said.

“A child. I, Lei Tian, finally have a child!” In the hollow meteorite, Lei Tian, who had just been defeated, suddenly became glowing and energetic. “I have a son! No, I have to think of a way! I can’t let my son be born in the Spiritual Prison! I can’t let my son lose his father and mother when he’s born!

“Little Qian, let’s think of a way together. We must not let our son have no parents in the future!” At this moment, Lei Tian was a hundred times more energetic!

At this moment, Lei Tian was extremely anxious.

...

Xu Tui, who was resting in the col of the Mars base, suddenly heard a voice in his mind.

“Boss, I made a discovery. Should I tell you?” It was Tri Ling Ding.

“What discovery?”

“Boss, the aura of another high-level colony of the Ling Clan that was previously contacted by Lei Xiang has appeared!” Tri Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui was stunned. The moment he reacted, he suddenly sat up straight.@@novelbin@@

“What? Say that again?”