Chapter 935 - 935 Itavi’S Discovery And Desperate Captive (1)

935 Itavi’s Discovery and Desperate Captive (1)

Halfway up the crater, Lei Gen, the division commander of the 5th Division, who was attacking the crater with all his might, suddenly looked extremely bitter.

Retreat!

This was the order he had just received from Deputy Commander Lei Hong.

As for Commander Lei Tian, he could not contact him for the time being.

!!

The reason for their retreat was because the Spiritual Race had suffered a crushing defeat in the confrontation between the elites on Phobos, and the commander of the Spiritual Race, Lei Tian, had been seriously injured and had retreated from the battlefield.

The specific order to retreat was to protect the Spiritual Race as much as possible. He did not say much else.

However, as a division commander, Lei Gen could hear a hidden meaning in his words. Under the necessary conditions, they could sacrifice the Mechanical Spirit Clan, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Clan to protect the Spiritual Race.

At this moment, most of the active forces had already entered the battlefield. If they retreated now, how many of the troops under him would be able to evacuate alive?

Lei Gen was only glad that it was much more convenient for these ordinary troops to evacuate than those quasi-planetary and planetary-level powerhouses.

Of course, Lei Gen was extremely experienced in battle. While his attacks did not decrease, he continuously switched out the Spirits at the frontline and began to arrange for their evacuation.

The Spiritual Race was actually very strong. Any Spiritual Race member would be stronger than the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Dissimilate Clan.

As soon as the Spiritual Race’s forces retreated, their attacks suddenly decreased.@@novelbin@@

The crater base, which had already received the news, began to counterattack.

Previously, they were still conserving ammunition, especially those high-yield technological weapons that could kill the other party’s elite experts. At this moment, they began to pour out as much as they wanted.

The situation of defeat appeared.

…

Xu Tui and Zhou Chuan sat on the ground outside the crater. However, there was no joy on their faces.

He Xiaojun and Jin Zheng had died!

On the battlefield, warriors from the Blue Star were sacrificed at all times.

However, humans were like that. When people they did not know sacrificed themselves, they would often treat it as a number. It would only hurt when something happened to people they knew or were close to.

“Commander Xu, the living are more important! It’s still wartime. We’ll solve the other problems after the war. Let’s find a safe place first!” Zhou Chuan, who felt the most pain in his heart, started to persuade Xu Tui.

Over the years, the comrades who had sacrificed themselves in front of Zhou Chuan in the extra-terrestrial had come wave after wave. Every time, it hurts to the core. However, every time, Zhou Chuan could recover in the shortest time possible.

Xu Tui, who was lying flat and panting, suddenly sat up. “Lei Zhan is an alien invader. He is a mortal enemy! If they kill us, we’ll kill them. It’s only right and proper. The strong prey on the weak! I don’t hate him. I would only use even more cruel methods to take revenge the next time I encountered the Spiritual Race.

“But the fire shadow just now!”

Xu Tui gritted his teeth when he mentioned the fire shadow. His expression was ferocious.

“This fire shadow is definitely one of our Blue Star’s people! I must find him and turn him into ashes to take revenge!” Xu Tui said hatefully.

“There will be a chance! A fire-type supernatural being that is at least a late-stage or even peak-level quasi-planetary powerhouse. There are not many such existences on the Blue Star! The range is very small!” Zhou Chuan said. After he finished speaking, Zhou Chuan said, “Don’t be anxious. After the battle, take your time to search. You’ll discover it.”

Xu Tui believed that. He had fought with the fire shadow several times just now. He was already very familiar with the mind power fluctuations of the fire shadow.

As long as he encountered the true body of the fire shadow next time, as long as the true body of the fire shadow had a mental fluctuation, Xu Tui would be able to confirm who the fire shadow was.

Coupled with what Zhou Chuan had said, a fire-type supernatural being that’s above the late-stage of the quasi-planetary realm. A lot of people were eliminated from this.

However, it was too slow! What if he encountered a suspicious target and the target did not activate his mind power? He had to take the initiative to attack!

He drank another bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. The battle just now had caused Xu Tui’s mind power to remain in a relatively low state.

A few seconds later, Xu Tui arrived in front of Nakabo Ichito.

This guy had already turned into ashes. The moment the fire shadow appeared, the sea of fire that rose was an indiscriminate attack. In fact, it was to silence the captured Nakabo Ichito.

Speaking of which, this fellow was also very pitiful. He worked for the mastermind and was even silenced by the mastermind.

From this, it could be seen that the mastermind was also very afraid of exposing his identity.

“Ah Huang, help me investigate Nakabo Ichito’s social relations. Also, who has he been in contact with recently?”

“Alright, it will take some time.”

“Give me the information if there are any results.”

This was a direction of investigation. Xu Tui suddenly looked in a certain direction.

That was the trading location that he had seen from Nakabo Ichito’s personal communication device. The trading time was almost up. If he knew who Nakabo Ichito’s trading partner was, would he be able to push out the mastermind behind Nakabo Ichito?

Or rather, this trading target might know who this fire shadow was.

However, Xu Tui looked at Zhou Chuan’s condition. He was in a bad state. Even he was not much better. Although his mind power was constantly recovering and he had the strength to fight, it had decreased in other aspects.

This method might be very dangerous.

“I’m going to take a look at their trading location and see if I can find any clues,” Xu Tui told Zhou Chuan.

Zhou Chuan stood up and drank another bottle of Level C Energy Restoration Elixir. He said silently, “Let’s go together!”

“I’ll go alone! I have this card. I can escape!” Xu Tui waved Cai Shaochu’s escape word.

“Together!”