Chapter 930 - 930 I’Ve Been Waiting For You

930 I’ve Been Waiting for You

Nakabo Ichito glanced at Xu Tui with a smile on his face. He had the signature polite smile of the Yamato Sector.

However, in Xu Tui’s resonance feedback, this glance was no longer filled with malice. It was filled with killing intent.

Nakabo Ichito wanted to kill him.

Xu Tui had experienced many things in the past year. He was no longer the third-year graduate from back then. Since he had discovered danger, he would definitely not let it ferment.

“There’s something wrong with these two. I’ve already discovered the problem. The two of you, help me control Park Jungdo. I’ll deal with Nakabo Ichito. Don’t hold back. If this Park Jungdo resists, kill him immediately,” he added through the mental communication.

Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng looked at Xu Tui at the same time to indicate that there was no problem.

The mental hammer had already silently condensed.

“Do it!” Xu Tui roared as he communicated with his consciousness. At the same time, he used Time Distortion.

The mental hammer instantly struck out.

At such a close distance, Xu Tui’s sudden mental fluctuation instantly alerted Nakabo Ichito. However, the speed of his mental hammer was too fast. The moment Nakabo Ichito sensed the mental energy fluctuation, the mental hammer smashed down.

Nakabo Ichito was stunned! He was completely caught off guard. He had originally wanted to find an excuse to get close to Xu Tui, or rather, go behind him and capture him alive with one move. Then, he would put the mental shield hat on him.

He did not expect that Xu Tui would attack him first. And it was so sudden!

However, the moment he was hit, he did not even have the ability to react, let alone think.

His mental body shook!

Under a defenseless state, the power of Xu Tui’s current mental hammer could make most Transmutation Realm experts’ mental bodies tremble when they were struck.

Xu Tui did not hold back at all.

The Earth Spike instantly attacked from the ground and pierced into Nakabo Ichito’s body. In an instant, Nakabo Ichito was pierced by eight spikes from different positions.

Shoulders, hands, abdomen, and legs.

In an instant, Nakabo Ichito was nailed to the ground by eight earth spikes.

This was not the end. Another wave of spikes rose and passed through Nakabo Ichito’s vital points again, forming a cage of spikes that trapped Nakabo Ichito in place.

On the other side, Park Jungdo, who had been ambushed by Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng, spat out blood and exclaimed, “What are you doing? What are you doing? We’re allies. Why are you attacking us?”

The mental hammer hit Park Jungdo, and Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng pounced on him and captured him alive. The two of them were extremely experienced and directly dislocated Park Jungdo’s joints.

However, Nakabo Ichito was a fire-type supernatural being. Just controlling his vital points was not enough. He had to have a mental shield hat.

Since Xu Tui had the quantum dimensional chain, he carried many practical items with him. He gave Nakabo Ichito another hammer blow, took out a mental shield hat, and put it on.

“This… What did you discover? You’ve already captured him alive. What should we do next? They’re allies after all. Why would they…” Zhou Chuan said awkwardly.

They were soldiers and were most disciplined. They were already considered loyal by attacking Park Jungdo without any reaction just because of his words.

“This person has killing intent toward me. Moreover, it’s constantly increasing. Let me interrogate him,” Xu Tui said.

“Then separate the two of them,” Zhou Chuan said.

It was also at this moment that Nakabo Ichito finally recovered from the shock caused by the consecutive hammer strikes. His eyes were filled with extreme shock as he cried out in alarm. “What are you doing? Why are you attacking us? We’re allies, aren’t we? Did you betray Blue Star?”

Xu Tui sneered when he saw this. He kicked Nakabo Ichito’s knee. The sound of bones breaking could be heard. Even though Nakabo Ichito, a Transmutation Realm expert, could not help but scream.

“Tell me, why did you want to kill me?”

“Kill… you… ah…” Nakabo Ichito’s eyes were filled with shock. He could not understand at all. How was he exposed? This was impossible! How did Xu Tui know? “Why do I want to kill you…”

Without waiting for Nakabo Ichito to explain, Xu Tui kicked down. Crack!

Nakabo Ichito’s other knee shattered.

“I’m afraid you don’t know. I’ve killed hundreds of alien invaders on the Mars battlefield and in the space invasion. Killing intent is extremely sensitive to me,” Xu Tui said.

Killing intent?

Nakabo Ichito was stunned! He didn’t even make a move. How could there be killing intent? At most, it was just a thought. However, he still pretended to be very angry and wanted to quibble.

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. It was a personal communication device.

Previously, Nakabo Ichito had been in constant contact with the outside world. He should have sent a short message. This kind of communication content at such a critical moment might be related to the operation. He directly picked up Nakabo Ichito’s wrist to check Nakabo Ichito’s personal communication device.

Nakabo Ichito was anxious. He did not have time to delete the content of the communication just now. However, he was under Xu Tui’s control. Soon, Xu Tui unlocked Nakabo Ichito’s personal communication device.

Biological information was unlocked. It could be unlocked by aiming at Nakabo Ichito’s pupils. He was about to fall into despair when he saw Xu Tui start to flip through the information records.

This time, he had no possibility of quibbling.

The information in his personal communication device was basically exposed.

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face when he saw the message. “I’ve found the target. The target is injured… Are you talking about me? Trading location? Coordinates!”

As he read the message, his expression suddenly froze. The last message alerted him.

“Will the deal be dangerous?”

“No, my power is here!”

There was a lot of information in this question and answer.

The trading location might be dangerous, but there was another person’s power. Who was this other person?

“Tell me, who asked you to do this? If you don’t want to die!”

Who was the person behind Nakabo Ichito? What kind of power would it have?

Nakabo Ichito closed his eyes and looked uncooperative.@@novelbin@@

“Xu Tui, the communication number that contacted Nakabo Ichito is registered in the Huaya Sector. However, through tracking, the address where the Internet communication was launched was on the moon. Moreover, this network is a specialized network. It can only communicate in real time.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded in his ears.

The words “special network” made his gaze freeze.

...

On the moon, there was only one type of person who was qualified to use the special communication network. They were the commanders in charge of the various sectors, as well as the planetary powerhouses and a small number of quasi-planetary powerhouses.

There were not many people.

In other words, behind Nakabo Ichito was a quasi-planetary powerhouse or even a planetary powerhouse!

According to the information, the power behind the scenes could intervene at any time.

Xu Tui’s hair instantly stood on end. Were there enemies lurking nearby? Or was there a receiver?

In an instant, the mental perception was in place, and his mental perception was released to the extreme.

However, after scanning the area with his mental perception, he did not find anything.

At this moment, Zhou Chuan and Jin Zheng brought Park Jungdo over. “This guy’s mouth is very stubborn. He refused to speak no matter what. He said that he doesn’t know anything!”

“If he doesn’t speak, then just kill him!”

Zhou Chuan was slightly stunned by Xu Tui’s order, but he still threw a punch resolutely. It wasn’t until the fist reached Park Jungdo that he screamed, “Don’t, I really don’t…”

Bang! Park Jungdo’s head exploded like a watermelon.

...

Nakabo Ichito’s expression changed. Xu Tui could sense that his heart was contracting crazily. It was obvious that he was afraid. Unfortunately, Xu Tui could not use his mind power secret technique with the mental shield hat on him.

“We don’t have much time to waste. Look, are you going to say or not? If not, I’ll send you on your way!”

Looking at the expressionless Zhou Chuan standing in front of him, Nakabo Ichito trembled inexplicably.

People like Zhou Chuan were the scariest. Once Xu Tui gave an order, he would execute it like a machine and kill him cleanly. He would not even have the chance to regret it.

With trembling lips, Nakabo Ichito hurriedly said, “I’ll talk, I’ll talk!”

“Who put you up to this?”

“I don’t know either.”

Nakabo Ichito’s words stunned Xu Tui. Anger appeared in his eyes. “Since you treat your life as a joke, I’ll fulfill your wish.”

“Don’t, don’t! I really don’t know. He only gave me a token.” Nakabo Ichito said.

“You dare to work for others just because he gave you a token? Do you think I’m a three-year-old child?” Xu Tui sneered.

“No, the other party promised to help me break through to the quasi-planetary realm after it’s done!” Nakabo Ichito said.

“What about this Park Jungdo? What’s wrong with him?”

“He’s a friend I found. He doesn’t know, but he will stand firmly on my side,” Nakabo Ichido said.

“What about the token?” Xu Tui frowned.

“In my pocket!” Nakabo Ichito said.

Xu Tui reached into his pocket and only found a bag of Origin Crystals and potions. He did not find a token.

“Where’s the token?”

“It’s in the Origin Crystal bag. It’s different from the Origin Crystal.”

Xu Tui observed again and still did not find any special Origin Crystals. However, at the same time, an extremely powerful flame flickered in from 3,000 meters away.

The extremely powerful aura made Xu Tui cry out in surprise.

“F*ck, a quasi-planet!”

However, the true shock was still in his eyes. This was because the aura of this quasi-planet was even stronger than Lei Zhan’s. The aura of this powerful quasi-planet was extremely fast. Almost the moment it was discovered, a flame rushed over.

Xu Tui and the others also instantly reacted. Nakabo Ichito had been stalling for time.

At the same time, two bolts of lightning suddenly exploded in the sky above the battlefield on Phobos.

Two terrifying planetary powerhouses blasted out two planetary powerhouses from Blue Star.

At the same time, a cold laugh spread out from above!

“Lei Tian, I’ve been waiting for you for a long time!”