Chapter 936 - 936 Itavi’S Discovery And Desperate Captive (2)

936 Itavi’s Discovery and Desperate Captive (2)

Zhou Chuan insisted. Seeing that Xu Tui was about to refuse, Zhou Chuan injected himself with a Level C Amine Stimulant. “I have to go. Protecting your safety before I die is another military order I received! Don’t worry, as long as I don’t encounter a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, I won’t become a burden to you.”

Xu Tui had a difficult expression. To be honest, he was safer and more mobile alone. If Zhou Chuan followed him, Zhou Chuan would be the one in danger.

Xu Tui did not want to encounter such a psychological choice a second time.

“Also, according to Nakabo Ichito, the trading item is you! They want to capture you alive. It would be too easy to expose yourself if you go alone. So I’ll go with you. If you encounter a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, retreat. I’ll hold them off!” Zhou Chuan said.

!!

Xu Tui was silent.

“Let’s go.” After Zhou Chuan finished speaking, he pointed at the sword. “This sword…”

“I’ll keep it first.” Xu Tui felt that this sword was very familiar. The moment he pulled it out, an indescribable sense of familiarity surged into his heart. It made Xu Tui feel very strange.

At the same time, in the sky above Mars, Cai Shaochu, who was gathering the mental body of Shang Long after its clone collapsed, glanced in the direction of the crater.

Cai Shaochu had also sealed the sword used by Old Shang’s clone. Therefore, when Xu Tui picked up his aura, he immediately sensed it. As he gathered them, Cai Shaochu sent Xu Tui a message. “Keep that sword well. It was given to you by the founder of your Genetic Miracle. I’ll teach you the specifics when we’re done.”

Xu Tui was a little confused when he received the message.

Wasn’t the founder of the Genetic Miracle Shang Long? Did his teacher’s teacher, Shang Long, save them? However, didn’t Mr. Shang Long chase after the mystery and disappear for four to five years?

Xiaoxue had said this herself. Even Mr. Ji and Mr. He had become more and more worried over the past year or two. They were worried that Mr. Shang Long might be in trouble and were planning to save him.

Why did he suddenly appear on Mars?

“Principal, you’re on Mars? Why would Mr. Shang’s sword appear here? Did you use it?” Xu Tui fired a barrage of questions.

“I’m on Mars. The sword was used by Old Shang. He also said that he wanted to give it to you. Consider it a greeting gift for a student like you! Don’t be curious anymore. I’ll tell you when we’re done. The matter is very complicated. It can’t be explained in a few words,” Cai Shaochu replied.

Xu Tui looked at the reply. While he was frowning, he suddenly sent a message, “Principal, I want to have a little fun. If I encounter another quasi-planetary expert later, can you save me on Mars?”

“Encounter a quasi-planetary again? Did you encounter many quasi-planetary experts today? I can sense that you’re about to use up the cards I gave you, right? Kid, take it easy. Don’t waste it. It’s very difficult to make that thing!” Cai Shaochu said.

“I encountered two quasi-planets. One was Lei Zhan from the Spiritual Race, and the other was a fire shadow. Perhaps it was an ability clone of an expert from the Blue Star or something else?” Xu Tui said.

Cai Shaochu was slightly stunned when he saw the message. He did not know about the fire shadow, but he knew Lei Zhan of the Spiritual Race very well. He was an expert among the quasi-planetary experts.

“Alright, if you encounter another quasi-planetary expert, I’ll help you! Don’t disturb me if it’s below the quasi-planetary. I can’t afford to lose face!” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui was amused. With Cai Shaochu’s promise, the rest of the operation would be much safer. Unless he encountered a powerful Planetary realm expert and instantly killed them, Xu Tui would have a chance.

“Let’s go!”

Xu Tui and Zhou Chuan quickly rushed to the trading location. He also treated Zhou Chuan to speed up his recovery. At the same time, Zhou Chuan also pretended to tie up Xu Tui’s hands and feet so that he could disguise himself as a trading item.

It was not a disguise because the other party’s trading item was really Xu Tui.

On the moon, it took Itavi a few minutes to disperse the dissipating sword energy in his body. His expression was dark. He had suffered a huge loss today.

It was originally a guaranteed success. He did not expect Xu Tui to be unexpectedly tenacious. In the end, he was forced to use backup methods.

Just as he was about to take him down, Shang Long actually attacked. He directly destroyed his fire shadow clone. The destruction of the fire shadow clone had affected Itavi’s strength, causing it to decrease.

What was worse was that the backup method was the mental clone that Itavi’s blood essence had fused with. Then, it was destroyed by Shang Long’s sword.

Shang Long’s sword was a little mysterious.

In scientific terms, this sword had the killing attribute of quantum entanglement. In terms of supernatural attributes, Shang Long’s sword energy was very awesome. It actually injured his main body through his clone.@@novelbin@@

As a result, not only did Itavi’s strength decrease again, but he was also injured. His injuries were not serious. He would be able to recover after some time.

However, the mental body was destroyed again and he did not have the time to retract his power, so Itavi had suffered a huge loss. It would probably take a few more years to recover.

Of course, these were not things that Itavi cared about.

What Itavi cared about was another loss!

Silver Spirit Box!

He was about to obtain the two Silver Spirit Boxes. As long as he obtained these two Silver Spirit Boxes, he would definitely be able to improve.

At that time, everything would be different.

But now, it is gone!