Chapter 934 - 934 Ten Essence Herbal And The Third Sword (2)

934 Ten Essence Herbal and the Third Sword (2)

In order to communicate quickly, he used his consciousness to communicate with Zhou Chuan. Two seconds later, just as the word was about to dissipate, Zhou Chuan used the one-second reversal timer to detonate the Glorious Bullet, and his entire body retreated rapidly.

Xu Tui even used his mind power to pull Zhou Chuan back. The word “fix” dissipated, and the glorious bomb exploded. The fire shadow that had just escaped was once again swallowed by the brilliance of the nuclear bomb.

For the first time, a ferocious expression appeared on the fire shadow’s illusory face! A second later, the fire shadow rushed out from the explosion of the glory bomb again. His aura had already fallen to the level of Lei Xiang that had broken through at the last minute.

The mental hammer that Xu Tui had prepared for a long time slammed down. He had not noticed this before. Now that he sensed it carefully, he realized that every time his mental perception struck, the aura and power of the fire shadow would weaken slightly.

!!

In a second, more than ten hammers were hammered down.

The fire shadow’s aura fluctuation decreased drastically, and even the area of the sea of fire shrank. However, he discovered it too late and still emitted the fluctuations of a quasi-planetary. Once the fire shadow pounced on him, he could use the escape word to escape. However, Zhou Chuan…

A resolute look appeared in Zhou Chuan’s eyes. He smiled at him. “You really don’t have to worry about me.”

Xu Tui’s mind raced. He had no chance of defeating the fire shadow previously. However, now that there was such a possibility, he wanted to work hard. He did not want to give up.

But now, his mental hammers were not enough! In his anxiety, his mind power sank into the red fire slip. He suddenly used his consciousness to roar at the red fire slip, “I don’t care what’s going on with you. Now, increase my strength again! Otherwise, when I can control you in the future, I’ll definitely starve you to death! I know that you still have strength left!” Xu Tui roared in his heart.

He had already placed his hand on the word escape and was prepared to escape at any time. When he saw that the fire shadow had already rushed out, Zhou Chuan took a deep breath and was about to charge forward again. A wave of flames suddenly surged out of the red fire slip in his mind.

Xu Tui’s lips trembled in excitement. Without any hesitation, he directly sent the wave of flames gushing out from the red fire slip into his mental whip genetic ability chain.

In an instant, the mental hammer suddenly expanded. In the next moment, the huge mental hammer ruthlessly smashed into the fire shadow. As the fire shadow’s aura plummeted, layers of ripples appeared on his illusory figure. He actually stopped in place.

Xu Tui naturally would not waste such a precious opportunity.

The mental hammer continued to bombard, and the Earth Spikes continued to protrude and pierce, continuously depleting the fire shadow.

Zhou Chuan was not stupid. He slashed wildly with his long saber. In less than a second, he and Zhou Chuan attacked the fire shadow at least 20 times. The illusory figure of the fire shadow shrank visibly, and its aura fluctuations decreased to the Transmutation realm in an extremely short period of time.

It was also at this moment that the damage caused by his Stab Formula and Zhou Chuan to the fire shadow increased.

Xu Tui was elated.

The crisis was temporarily averted. However, he did not dare to be careless. The mental hammer continued to attack non-stop, continuously weakening the power of the fire shadow.

On the moon, Itavi, who had returned to a quiet room that had been temporarily arranged for him, suddenly frowned and his expression turned ugly! “So difficult to deal with? Even this allowed him to find a flaw?”@@novelbin@@

The moment Itavi frowned, he used his communicator to make an emergency call.

On Mars, Itavi’s grand-disciple Nadira’s communicator suddenly rang. The moment he saw the communicator, Nadira’s expression immediately became extremely respectful. “Guru!”

“Do you still have what I gave you?”

“Yes!”

“Inject all your mind power and fire-type superpowers and activate them!” said Itavi.

“Alright, I’ll do that right away!”

In the next moment, Nadira took out a small blood-colored figure. Then, according to the method taught by Itavi, he frantically injected his mind power and supernatural power into it.

30 seconds later, Nadira instantly threw the blood-colored figure into the air, turning it into a bloody light that instantly crossed the sky. At the periphery of the crater, Xu Tui was about to completely kill the fire shadow when he suddenly saw a blood light coming from the sky.

Before he could react, the blood-red light was like a meteor. It instantly entered the fiery figure whose aura was about to decline.

In an instant, the fire shadow, whose aura had declined and whose body had already shrunk by half, returned to its previous size as if it had eaten the Ten Essence Herbal Pill. It was even a little larger than before.

What was worse was that the aura and power fluctuations had instantly returned to the quasi-planetary realm. It was even stronger than when it first appeared.

The joy on their faces instantly froze.

The hell, why could it be refueled? What kind of superpower was this?

Xu Tui definitely did not have the confidence to do it again.

The red fire slip had attacked under his threat just now. However, this only conveyed one message to him. It was hungry. It was very hungry.

Xu Tui only had one choice. He had to use the “escape” card to escape.

“I’ll dodge first. You run too. Don’t die with him! This fire shadow’s target is me. In order to chase me, he might give up on you!”

Xu Tui immediately made a decision.

“I don’t need you to buy me time. I have the escape card Principal Cai gave me!” Xu Tui quickly instructed Zhou Chuan through telepathy and wanted to tear open the escape word to escape.

However, at the same time, another stream of light suddenly descended from the sky. This stream of light was silver.

It was a sword!

Boom!

The sword light pierced through the fire shadow’s head like lightning. The moment the sword light entered, the fire shadow began to collapse inch by inch.

Xu Tui was stunned.

On the moon, Itavi, who was sitting cross-legged in a temporary quiet room, suddenly widened his eyes. Sword light seeped out of his body, and blood spurted from his seven orifices at the same time.

His aura instantly plummeted, and he withered on the spot.

“Shang Long, Thousand Mile Sword! How is this possible?!” Itavi’s eyes widened in shock!

Outside the crater, Xu Tui and Zhou Chuan looked at the powerful fire shadow that had suddenly dissipated with stunned expressions. In front of them, there was only a small sword stabbed into the ground, flickering.

Xu Tui suddenly felt that the foot-long sword was very familiar.

In the sky, Shang Long’s clone glanced at the periphery of the crater. “This little guy is stronger than I imagined. Tell him that the sword was given to him to use! Teach him how to use it.”

Cai Shaochu laughed when he heard that. “This new student of Xiaoxue’s is indeed not bad. If not for your old face, I would have snatched him over to be my student. By the way, why don’t you take a look and give him some pointers yourself?”

“I want to, but…” Shang Long’s clone smiled bitterly. Cracks suddenly began to appear on his face and arms. Blood began to spurt and his fingers fell. The clone began to disintegrate. “Shaochu, thank you for collecting and sealing this mental body of mine.”

With that, the parts of Shang Long’s clone below the neck began to disintegrate inch by inch. Even his head began to disintegrate. Cai Shaochu’s expression was solemn as he began to use his fingers like swords again.