Chapter 938 - 938 The New Discovery Of Tri Ling Ding (1)

938 The New Discovery of Tri Ling Ding (1)

“Who sent you here?”

“The commander-in-chief, Lord Lei Tian, sent me over to make a deal.”

After Xu Tui captured the Spirit alive, he did not expect him to confess immediately. He only asked casually. He did not expect the Spirit to be so cooperative.

“Who are you trading with?”

!!

“I don’t know. The commander-in-chief said that it might be the Blue Star humans. The key is for me to bring the trading item back. I can’t make a mistake. The commander-in-chief even gave me a photo. It’s very similar to you.”

“It should be me!” Xu Tui looked at the cooperative Spirit and frowned. “I really don’t know who the trading partner is.”

“I only know that he’s called Black Hole. I’m not sure about the rest.”

“They lost. The Spiritual Race lost! We defended it! We won!” Suddenly, Zhou Chuan looked at the sky above the crater and roared excitedly. He looked at the Mechanical Spirits, Dissimilate Clan, and Fission Clan that had suddenly begun to dissipate in all directions from the top of the crater. Zhou Chuan’s eyes were filled with tears.

This was probably the reason why the Spirit captive answered so readily.

However, Xu Tui did not find the answer he wanted. It did not matter if the Spirit captive was telling the truth.

The enemies here were greatly defeated by their advantage. Coupled with the fact that the Spirit captive had said that he wanted to retreat and the fact that Cai Shaochu had appeared on Mars, it meant that the Blue Star humans had won the battle between the strongest elites of the Spiritual Race on Phobos.

If the Blue Star humans won, it would not be long before Mars and the Moon returned to peace.

At that time, he would have plenty of ways to deal with this Spirit captive. Not to mention anything else, Yang Huai’s methods would definitely make this Spirit captive confess the times he pee his bed when he was in school.

“Let’s find a corner to hide and recover. We’ll kill the enemy later!” Zhou Chuan suggested.

Soon, Xu Tui and Zhou Chuan found a small col and temporarily hid inside. They watched as the defeated soldiers above their heads fled. Behind them, the light of energy that was seeking death covered the sky.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui and Zhou Chuan had to avoid it.

Although they had won a great victory, this was the most chaotic moment on the battlefield. The identification of friend and foe was the worst. They would be extremely unlucky if Xu Tui and Zhou Chuan blocked the way and were attacked by the alien invaders and the Blue Star humans who were chasing after them in front of the enemy.

“Old Zhou, when you’re free, send me the family information of Old He and Old Jin,” Xu Tui suddenly said in silence.

“I understand what you mean. There’s no need. The compensation from the Huaxia Sector is very generous. It’s enough! Besides, they still have us, the surviving comrades,” Zhou Chuan said.

“I have to do something. Otherwise, my heart…”

“Too much money is not good for their families.”

“Our Worldly Special Force has established a compensation foundation. It’s the kind that is distributed every month, not a one-time thing.”

After a few seconds of silence, Zhou Chuan nodded. “That’s fine. By the way, I have a few people on my side. Can I get your compensation fund to take care of them?”

“They died in battle?”

“Yes, they’re just ordinary warriors. The pension is also very generous. However, these warriors have families of all ages. The burden is relatively heavy.”

“No problem,” Xu Tui agreed readily.

“Don’t agree so quickly. There are several of them.”

“How many people?”

“Seven!”

“Okay, give me the list when you’re done.”

Zhou Chuan nodded. He did not give Xu Tui more than seven sacrificed warriors so that Xu Tui could take care of them. However, more warriors had died behind these seven warriors.

The war was won!

However, the number of warriors who died in this war was probably in the thousands or even tens of thousands.

…

In outer space, in a huge meteorite floating in the long orbit of Mars, Lei Tian, who had lost an arm and was charred black, was sitting in the hollow meteorite in a daze.

In the middle of the meteorite was a flickering quantum portal.

This was a new quantum teleportation channel that Lei Tian had established with a Planetary-level quantum array core for this operation.

The reason why a large number of Planetary and quasi-planetary powerhouses of the Spiritual Race could appear here was because of this newly established quantum teleportation channel. This was a temporary quantum teleportation channel. It did not consume a large number of Origin Crystals to permanently solidify.@@novelbin@@

Originally, after taking down Mars, the quantum teleportation channel here would be abandoned. Although they treat this as the only way to retreat, everyone thought that it was useless. But still, out of caution, he temporarily sealed it and waited for the war to end.

He did not expect to use it now.

They actually needed this tunnel to evacuate this place.

They had lost the war!

After investing a large number of Origin Crystals, Lei Tian began to activate the quantum teleportation channel that could teleport planetary powerhouses.

This needed some time. They also needed to wait for the experts who had evacuated from Phobos to rush over and retreat together.

Lei Tian did not dare to ask how many people could withdraw. There would definitely be a lot of casualties.

Lei Tian was already lucky to be able to retract half of his top power. However, it was meaningless for Lei Tian to consider losses.

The real difficulty for Lei Tian was not now. Instead, it was the days after he fled back to the forward operating base and reported the situation of this battle to the Sanctuary.

Such a huge defeat.

How would the Sanctuary deal with him after such a huge loss?