Chapter 943 - Chapter 943 We’Re Changing Our Genes (2)

Chapter 943 We’re Changing Our Genes (2)

Translator Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

But the problem appeared the moment they set off. The speed of a Planetary powerhouse was much faster than a quasi-planetary realm powerhouse.

However, this problem was easily resolved.

The force fields of the Planetary powerhouses dissipated slightly and enveloped two quasi-planetary powerhouses. In an instant, under Cai Shaochu’s lead, they flew into the depths of space.

Old Cai was more sneaky, or rather, because he was injured, so he only brought Xu Tui along and let him lead the way.

Xu Tui continued to point in a direction. It was strange. This time, the aura of the high-level colony of the Ling Clan that Tri Ling Ding sensed had been there all along. It did not exist for long in the past. It disappeared not long after it appeared.

This time, it had always existed.

However, even if the signal disappeared, it would not be a problem as long as he knew the general direction.

It was very simple-there were too few places in space that could hide people.

Lei Tian had fled in defeat previously. As long as he did not retreat to other planets, there was a high chance that he was hiding in a meteorite in space, or a large number of space floating objects or even trash.

It had to be the kind that could hide people. Moreover, it was not far from Mars or Phobos.

The eight Planetary experts led the 15 quasi-planetary experts and Xu Tui as they advanced rapidly. They were like eight shooting stars flashing through space.

Cai Shaochu, who was flying at the front, gave Xu Tui three three-phase thermal bombs during his flight.

“How should I put it? Xu Tui, the six alliances can indeed unite against powerful enemies outside. Even if they do anything, it will not affect the big picture. However, once the external threat disappeared, the internal conflicts of the six alliances would be further intensified.

“This was especially so for this battle. Even though we had suffered heavy losses, the losses of the Spiritual Race might be double ours. Under normal circumstances, the threat of the Spiritual Race would be greatly reduced in the next ten or even decades.

“In other words, in the next ten or even decades, the conflict within the six alliances will probably intensify,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. He understood this principle.

Cai Shaochu let out a long sigh. “I’m afraid you still don’t know. In the half an hour since the Spiritual Race retreated, there have been four conflicts between the people of the various alliances over the capture. Moreover, two people died in the battle for the captives.”

“The war hasn’t ended yet, but the internal strife has already begun?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“The value of captives of the Spiritual Race is too important.” At this point, Cai Shaochu sighed. “The external threat has weakened. The troubled times of the Blue Star are coming.”

“Isn’t that a chance for the Huaxia Sector?”

Xu Tui’s words destroyed Cai Shaochu’s image as a compassionate expert. He looked at Xu Tui with shining eyes. He had a look that said, “Young man, you’re not bad.” Xu Tui had deliberately added this. Of course, it was also the truth! A determined Huaxia person like Old Cai probably liked Xu Tui like this the most.

“Heh, you sure have a high level of awareness! Keep this going, cultivate well and make contributions. When you have the time, you can get a few more genetic research inventions. I think that my Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College is still short of a vice-principal.” Cai Shaochu suddenly painted a picture for Xu Tui.

“The vice-principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College? Me? I haven’t graduated from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College yet.” Xu Tui was stunned.

“If I say you can do it, you can!” Cai Shaochu revealed domineeringly, “Besides, your contribution points, including your scientific research inventions, have already surpassed many old people. If I really wanted to promote you, no one would be able to do anything. However, you have to be stronger!

“I can only push you up if you are at least at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. Yes, it will definitely not be a problem in five to ten years!”

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up when he heard that. To Xu Tui, who had spent most of his previous 20 years in school, any principal was like an ultimate boss.

It was very awesome!

Not to mention the vice-principal of the top school on the Blue Star like the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

“Principal, you’ll push me up if I’m in the Genetic Transmutation Realm?”

Cai Shaochu glared at Xu Tui. “Would I lie to you? As long as you can break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm, I’ll definitely give you a vice-principal.”

“The vice-principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College?”

“The vice-principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College! Also, in the future, my position as the principal will most likely be yours. Do your best!”

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up when he heard that.

Cai Shaochu irresponsibly painted a pancake for Xu Tui. Young people needed some encouragement to have ambitions.

“By the way, Principal, what do you think is going on with my grandmaster’s flying sword? Shouldn’t this kind of flying sword be activated with mind power?” Xu Tui asked about the flying sword.

Xu Tui had already observed the flying sword carefully. Judging from the materials, it was only one or two levels higher than his current flying sword. It was harder and sharper. It was more convenient to fly on this sword, but it consumed a lot of energy. From the looks of it, Xu Tui felt that the flying sword did not increase his combat strength much.

“What is the flying sword you understand?” Cai Shaochu suddenly asked.

“Isn’t it just a weapon?” Xu Tui was curious.

“I remember that you’ve cultivated the abilities of the School of General Senses very well. Then let me ask you, what is the slogan of the School of General Senses?”@@novelbin@@

“If there’s no waves, it can’t be materialized!”

“Then let me ask you again. What’s a wave?”

“The original quantum frequency fluctuations of everything. The Mountain Formula and the Water Puppet are both applications of the relevant original quantum frequency fluctuations,” Xu Tui replied.

“Then let me ask you. What do you think or understand about the original quantum frequency fluctuations of the sword?”

“This… It should be able to materialize a sword? It should be able to materialize an illusory and sharp sword?” Xu Tui frowned.

“You used these words, ‘seal’, ‘illusion’, ‘fix’, previously. What do you think?” Xu Tui froze. He could not react for a long time. It would not make sense if he explained it literally.

“Technology and supernatural power are actually two lines! In the beginning, these two lines even had to be fused. They could even explain and replenish each other. However, the further they went, the more independent these two lines became. “Therefore, if you wanted to go further on the path of supernatural, you had to liberate your thoughts first! Don’t let your thoughts be bound by science!

“What was mortal? Ordinary and common! Since you’re going to become a supernatural being, you have to jump out of this thought! Only then could you improve! Where do you think my special ability and your grandmaster Shang Long’s ability came from? It’s all because we jumped out of this mindset and used a supernatural perspective to explore or even create it that we have all kinds of strange abilities now!

“From a scientific point of view, genes have always been constantly changing and evolving because of the actions of humans. We are the ones who decide on our genes and change them! It’s not the genes that determine us and change us! Cultivation is us changing our genes through our own efforts! Do you understand?”

At this moment, Xu Tui felt as if he had been hit in the head.

A concept instantly became clear. He had a clear intention.

Xu Tui had always believed that cultivation was the activation of genetic base points that existed in his bloodline.

Xu Tui had many doubts or thoughts about this. However, he could not understand. Now, Cai Shaochu has made it clear to Xu Tui. Cultivation was to use our actions to influence and change our genes.

“Think about it again from this angle. What is a sword?” Cai Shaochu asked. As he spoke, Cai Shaochu handed a chip to Xu Tui. “Read the contents of this chip after you understand this problem, it will be more helpful to you. The only thing I can remind you of is that there is no standard answer! The sword that Old Shang gave you is only the foundation. Your thoughts are the most important!”

...

“Thank you, Principal,” Xu Tui said solemnly as he accepted it.

Cai Shaochu waved his hand speechlessly. He suddenly pointed at the space exploration map sent by Phobos on his communication device and said, “Only this meteorite matches the characteristics within 10,000 kilometers. Is this it?”

“I need to get closer!”

Five minutes later, Xu Tui received confirmation from Tri Ling Ding. “Principal, it should be where this meteorite is.”

“Everyone, slow down. Control yourself and get to work accurately!”.