Chapter 945 - Chapter 945 Cooperation Foundation And Tracking Clue (1)

Chapter 945 Cooperation Foundation and Tracking Clue (1)

Translator Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The wartime peace talks between the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Tian, and the higher-ups of the Blue Star were a historical milestone.

To a certain extent, Erera and Cai Shaochu could also represent the higher-ups of the Blue Star Humans.

Xu Tui was lucky enough to witness and listen to this historic incident. Perhaps it was because he was by Old Cai’s side, or perhaps it was because Old Cai had taken care of Xu Tui, but Xu Tui could hear the resonance of Lei Tian, Old Cai, Erera, and the others.

!!

What they had just discussed was not complicated.

There was only one main storyline. Lei Tian analyzed the pros and cons for Old Cai and the others. He felt that it would be most beneficial to the Blue Star humans if he went back and continued to control the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

In the current situation, although the Blue Star humans could stop him from returning, they would definitely not be able to kill him.

As long as Lei Tian did not return to the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base for a long time, the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary would know what happened to the forward operating base.

The Sanctuary would definitely send a new commander-in-chief to take over the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base immediately to stabilize the Spiritual Race’s defense line in the solar system. At the same time, they would rescue and take revenge.

It could be foreseen that the reinforcements sent by the Sanctuary would definitely be a little stronger than the forces that Lei Tian currently had. Furthermore, they were all fresh forces.

At that time, the Blue Star humans would be in big trouble.

The Blue Star humans could block the current Lei Tian, but they could not block the future commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

Therefore, Lei Tian felt that he could cooperate with the Blue Star humans to a limited extent.

The first was to give the Blue Star humans space to develop and recover.

Secondly, it also gave Lei Tian time to lick his wound so that he would not be blamed by the Spiritual Race’s Sanctuary. @@novelbin@@

It could be said to be a win-win situation.

Lei Tian only had one request-for the long-term development of both sides, both sides would temporarily stop fighting. The Blue Star humans would let them leave and return to the forward operating base.

The two sides here referred to the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base controlled by Lei Tian and the Blue Star humans,

To be honest, this argument was very reasonable in a general sense. At first glance, it seemed too f*cking reasonable.

Xu Tui felt that that was how it should be done after he heard Lei Tian. Doing so would buy the Blue Star humans the greatest space and time for development.

However, on careful consideration, something was wrong! If Lei Tian could not return, what Lei Tian said would definitely happen. However, the Blue Star humans would face a medium- to long-term crisis.

The new commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base would definitely take action or even take revenge. However, he had to consider Lei Tian’s defeat, the Blue Star’s combat strength, and so on. It was not as if the previous person had come to fight the Blue Star to the death.

On the other hand, if Lei Tian could not return now, he would basically lose everything!

This was just like how Lei Tian was about to be raped by a group of burly men who had taken medicine. However, Lei Tian said before he was raped, “You have to consider the possibility of me becoming gay in the next few years!”

They were not equal at all!

However, since Xu Tui could see this, it was impossible for Cai Shaochu and the others not to.

Old Cai made a precise cut.

The general direction was in line with the interests of both sides. The principle could be reached through cooperation. However, as the defeated party in this war, Lei Tian’s side had to compensate the Blue Star humans.

At the same time, Cai Shaochu also urgently contacted the Moon. The people in charge of the various sectors on the Moon, such as Wei Bin, Maiponeo, Nilab, and the others, immediately held an emergency meeting to see how to maximize their benefits in this negotiation.

They would often sit at the negotiating table at the end of a war.

In the hundred years since the Great Genetic Age began, the Blue Star humans had fought with the Spiritual Race countless times, but both sides had never sat at the negotiating table.

The reason was very simple. In the eyes of the Spiritual Race, the Blue Star humans were not qualified to sit at their negotiation table.

Therefore, this was the first time the Blue Star humans were sitting opposite the Spiritual Race at the negotiation table.

Although the Spiritual Race on the other side was only the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Tian, it still had epoch-making significance.

Lei Tian would naturally not submit easily. There were all kinds of reasons and trends.

There were a few times when Xu Tui saw Erera and was tempted, but she was stopped by Cai Shaochu’s flattering words.

For example, ‘Beautiful Miss Erera, as noble as you, just watch me negotiate with such a scoundrel. Don’t let such a scoundrel dirty your ears.’

Lei Tian was speechless.

Xu Tui was speechless.

Old Cai’s kung fu was really not bad. It completely overturned the image of Cai Shaochu as an expert that Xu Tui knew.

Xu Tui felt that he needed to learn this well. If he learned it well, it would be good to use it on An Xiaoxue and even other teachers. To be honest, Xu Tui missed An Xiaoxue.

Negotiations were like a tug-of-war. Advantages would always appear slowly. Under Cai Shaochu’s insistence, Lei Tian released the first substantial benefit. They will solidify the quantum teleportation channel in the meteorite in front of him.

It could allow the Blue Star humans to reach the quantum teleportation hub of the solar system, Ceres, but not directly. Instead, they arrived at the asteroid belt that was closer to Ceres.

How close was it? In this asteroid belt, Planetary and quasi-planetary powerhouses could reach Ceres by flying with their bodies if they knew the direction. However, if it was solidified, a large amount of energy that needed to be continuously injected for a long time had to rely on the planet..