Chapter 944 - Chapter 944 Lei Tian Returning

Chapter 944 Lei Tian Returning

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the meteorite called Takshak No. 1.

On the outermost layer, six Planetary experts with varying degrees of injuries and 21 quasi-planetary experts with injuries were seizing the time to recover. They are either healing or recovering.

However, at least a quarter of them were seriously injured. It was already good enough that they could survive to this point. They did not have much combat strength left.

They would have to recover their combat strength for a period of time.

Commander-in-chief Lei Tian said that they still needed to wait to attract the top experts of the Blue Star so that the main force could evacuate. Therefore, they were all waiting for the order to evacuate from Commander-in-chief Lei Tian.

In the innermost layer of the meteorite, Commander-in-chief Lei Tian was still communicating. However, the target of the communication this time was not Lei Qian, but another Planetary powerhouse he could completely trust-Lei Zhen!

“Brother, I’ve already done everything you instructed. What should we do next?” Lei Zhen reported.

“How are you recovering from your injuries?”

“My combat strength has already recovered by 50 to 60%. I’ll be able to recover most of my combat strength after resting for a few more days,” Lei Zhen said.

“Then use this as an excuse to recuperate on Ceres Star. Once the people from the two sides who contacted us appear, we’ll first search for evidence and report it to the Sanctuary before dealing with it. Remember, you have to take it easy. You can’t exterminate them, but you can’t let them invade too much,” Lei Tian said.

Hearing Lei Tian’s instructions, Lei Zhen finally could not suppress the doubts and confusion in his heart. “Brother, does our actions count as inviting a wolf into our house? Does it count as betrayal?”

Lei Tian fell silent.

“Do you want to go to the Spiritual Prison or continue to be the deputy commander-in-chief of the forward operating base?” Lei Tian asked.

“I definitely want to continue being the deputy commander-in-chief and a major general. Who would want to go to the Spiritual Prison?”

“If you don’t want to go to the Spiritual Prison, listen to me!”

“Yes!” Lei Zhen, who was on the other end of the communication device, nodded heavily. “Brother, can you tell me what exactly you are doing?”

“Have you heard of the words ‘raising bandits to respect themselves”?”

“I have.”

“Do you understand?”

“A little!”

“Do as I say. Even the Sanctuary won’t be able to pursue our performance. The only thing we have to be wary of is Lang Fanyun. Remember, keep a close eye on Lang Ju. If Lang Fanyun returns from patrolling Planet Charon or makes any abnormal movements, inform me immediately. Hmm?”

At the same time, Lei Tian suddenly turned his head to look outside the meteorite. He could not see it, but he could see it with his mind power.

At the same time, the expressions of the experts with powerful mind power who had recovered in the outer hall of the meteorite changed drastically.

The moment Lei Tian hung up, he suddenly shouted, “Enemy attack, defend!”

“It’s the technological warheads of the Blue Star humans. Protect the quantum teleportation channel. The seriously injured will retreat first!”

Lei Tian instantly screamed. He instantly flashed outside the meteorite. The lightning in his eyes exploded, and he instantly appeared several kilometers away and hit the bullet that had been thrown over. Then, the bullet exploded!

However, at this moment, 30 bullets were thrown over by the Blue Star humans. The speed of the warheads was much faster than the launchers.

Under the surprise attack, even though Lei Tian and the other Planetary powerhouses reacted extremely quickly, they could only block most of the three-phase thermal bombs.

Four three-phase thermal bombs successfully blasted in. The most awesome one actually blasted the meteorite 50 meters closer. Even so, Lei Tian instantly transformed into lightning and blocked the three-phase thermal explosive.

If this three-phase thermal bomb directly hit the meteorite, the quantum teleportation inside the meteorite would be destroyed.

That was Lei Tian’s way out.

In the next moment, Lei Tian, who had blocked the three-phase thermal bomb, spat out blood even though he was prepared. He was severely injured again. But he protected the quantum teleportation channel.

However, four quasi-planetary-level powerhouses were not that lucky. They were affected one after another and died in battle.

In an instant, the meteorite was in chaos. The experts who had received the order to retreat crawled into the quantum teleportation channel crazily. At the same time, the attacks of the Blue Star experts also began.

Cai Shaochu did not participate in the battle directly. Instead, he observed the outermost area of the battlefield.

Xu Tui carefully hid behind Cai Shaochu. He defended himself with the Vajra Barrier and the Vajra Tide Return Shield.

In a battle of this level, if one’s luck was slightly bad and was scratched, it might become a life-and-death situation.

Facing the attacks of the Blue Star experts, other than a few experts from the Spiritual Race, the other experts from the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race did not have any fighting spirit at all. They kept trying to enter the Quantum Portal.

As for Lei Tian, he was forced into a sorry state by Erera. Especially in his injured state, Lei Tian was not a match for Erera. This caused the Spiritual Race to be even more fearful.

However, there was a rate at which powerhouses could pass through quantum portals. It would take at least five seconds for the quantum fluctuations inside to calm down.

In an instant, the Blue Star humans had the upper hand.

Xu Tui, who was hiding behind Cai Shaochu, smiled until his eyes narrowed.

It was also at this moment that Cai Shaochu attacked. He seemed to have been brewing for a long time. A huge seal slowly fell and landed in the quantum portal. In an instant, the quantum portal that the Spiritual Race experts used to escape was sealed.

Cai Shaochu, who was at the back, kept adding the word ‘seal’.

The experts of the Spiritual Race were in a poor state to begin with. At this moment, another quarter of the experts left through the Quantum Portal. This way, the difference in numbers between them and the humans of the Blue Star was greater. The human experts of the Blue Star had even formed a siege on the Spiritual Race.

Less than a minute after the battle started, the victory was decided.

Lei Tian’s situation also became extremely difficult.

Under Erera’s violent attacks, he was in an extremely sorry state. One or two more injuries would appear on his body every one to two seconds.

Immediately after, Pei Tiefeng, who had freed up, also joined the battle against Lei Tian, causing Lei Tian’s situation to instantly become more difficult.

However, less than three seconds after Pei Tiefeng joined the battle, Lei Tian’s lightning instantly exploded into a dazzling spot in space.

In an instant, Lei Tian disappeared!

He had escaped!

Lei Tian had escaped again!

...

It had to be said that a lightning-type supernatural being like Lei Tian was extremely fast. If he wanted to escape, even if Erera and Pei Tiefeng joined forces, they would not be able to stop him.

Erera’s chest trembled with anger.

Xu Tui was also a little disappointed. If they could take down Lei Tian in this battle, it would be a true victory.

Now, Lei Tian has escaped again. What a pity…

However, Xu Tui’s eyes widened in the next moment.

Another dazzling lightning spot exploded from afar. When the lightning spot landed on the ground, Lei Tian actually returned!

Erera immediately charged forward.

Xu Tui frowned. Why was Lei Tian back? Was there someone stopping Lei Tian in the depths of space? However, the problem was that even Erera could not stop Lei Tian. Who could stop Lei Tian? Or perhaps there was something in the depths of space that Lei Tian was afraid of.

Just as Xu Tui was feeling puzzled, Lei Tian suddenly used the Lightning Vibrating Sound Technique to shout in the space of the battle, “Erera, can we talk?”

Talk? To hell with talking! Erera glared again, and her eyes turned red. Two red rays intersected and shot towards Lei Tian, causing Lei Tian, who had just returned, to frown.

Xu Tui could only say that Lei Tian had found the wrong person. Talking to Erera, who had already sacrificed her head, was really…

...

However, Old Cai’s head might have been exchanged for his chest. He immediately realized something from Lei Tian’s escape.

After all, under normal circumstances, it was not too dangerous for them to be careful in space. There was no need to come back. They were fighting in space right now.

“Erera, I want to talk to Lei Tian.” Cai Shaochu used his mind power to speak in space.

Erera turned around and glanced at Cai Shaochu. “Then you can talk. I’ll pester him to prevent him from escaping again.”

Xu Tui rubbed his face. The extent to which her head was sacrificed to the heavens was probably not light.

Cai Shaochu nodded seriously. “Erera, keep an eye on him and lock onto his aura. Don’t attack yet. I’ll talk to him first!”

“Okay?”

Erera was very obedient. Xu Tui was stunned. Old Cai was a true expert.

In space, Lei Tian, who was covered in blood, looked at Cai Shaochu with an extremely complicated expression. He did not expect that one day, he would also live the way he hated when he was young!

“Commander Lei, tell me. What do you want to talk about?”

“Let them stop first!” Lei Tian pointed at the two sides fighting in the distance, especially the Spiritual Race. They had already fallen into a huge disadvantage.

Cai Shaochu was unmoved. In this instant, another quasi-planet of the Spiritual Race was killed, and another Planetary expert was injured.

“Reason?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“If the people under me die and the forward operating base loses me, the commander-in-chief, guess what will happen?” Lei Tian asked.

Cai Shaochu was stunned. He frowned slightly. “Does your Spiritual Race have that many forces to mobilize?”

“You should ask how determined our Spiritual Race is to occupy the interior of the solar system! No matter how tight the battle at the frontline is, the Sanctuary will definitely support the forward operating base once such a drastic change happens. His strength would only be stronger than the current me! It’s not just support. There’s also revenge!” Lei Tian said.

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu sneered, “Are you threatening us?”@@novelbin@@

“No, there’s no point in me threatening you at this moment. I’m just stating the facts. Your Blue Star has been fighting our Spiritual Race for more than a hundred years. You should know this is the truth,” Lei Tian said.

Cai Shaochu frowned, and Lei Tian continued, “You guys decide! You should know very well that if I want to escape from here, no one in the venue can stop me. The reason why I came back is to talk!”

“I want to know why you came to talk to us?” Cai Shaochu asked.

“If the commander-in-chief of the Blue Star frontline makes some mistakes and causes a huge defeat and huge losses, how will the Blue Star deal with it?” Lei Tian asked.

“That’s very simple. If you make a mistake of principle, you will be court-martialed.”

“That’s right. I don’t want to be court-martialed. This is why I’m talking to you!” Lei Tian said.

Hearing this, Cai Shaochu froze. This reason was really powerful. He instantly convinced Cai Shaochu.

Actually, this reason did not only convince Cai Shaochu, but also Xu Tui.

As he spoke, Cai Shaochu directly gave the order through a mental voice transmission. Lei Tian also gave the order. The people fighting on both sides instantly left. The Blue Star experts looked puzzled, but the Spiritual Race experts all looked like they had survived a disaster.

“Now, can we talk about the specifics? Your people can maintain this state for the time being, right?” Cai Shaochu said.

“No problem!” Lei Tian agreed readily.

“In addition, I’ll lead the conversation with you, but because of our internal reasons, we need someone else to listen in,” Cai Shaochu said.

“No problem!” “Alright, tell me what you think first.” Cai Shaochu pulled Erera, Pei Tiefeng, and a Planetary powerhouse from the Russian Federation into the sound resonance circle..