Chapter 946 - Chapter 946 Cooperation Base And Tracking Clue (2)

Chapter 946 Cooperation Base and Tracking Clue (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

A meteorite could not provide eternal energy to a quantum portal. Therefore, they had to migrate this quantum teleportation channel to Mars.

Not even Phobos.

The higher the level of the teleportation, the higher the requirements for the planet, especially for solidified quantum portals.

The plan was very complicated. Moreover, because there was already a quantum portal on Mars, the two solidified quantum teleportation channels would fuse.

Therefore, the teleportation fluctuations of the original quantum portal on Mars would increase. However, the teleportation level of the newly fused quantum portal that led to the asteroid belt behind Ceres would decrease.

The current situation was that it could pass a Planetary powerhouse every five seconds. After the fusion and solidification, it could only pass a planetary powerhouse a day.

From this point of view, Lei Tian was very sincere.

The plan proposed was complicated and detailed. It was completely in line with the current research theory of the Blue Star’s quantum portal.

However, it could not be a one-way trip, it has to be a two-way trip. This was a condition proposed by the Blue Star, and it had to be a condition. Otherwise, there was no room for negotiation.

After a tug-of-war, Lei Tian also agreed.

He could solidify and fuse this tunnel into a two-way tunnel. However, after it was solidified into a two-way tunnel, the teleportation fluctuation would decrease again because the planetary bodies in the asteroid belt opposite him were relatively small.

Of course, Planetary powerhouses could still be teleported, but the teleportation cycle might only happen once every ten days or even longer.

This was under normal circumstances.

In an emergency, throwing in a large number of Origin Crystals could also speed up. the frequency of teleportation.

The benefits that Lei Tian gave directly caused the internal affairs of the six alliances of the Blue Star to explode.

Wasn’t this the opportunity for the Blue Star to walk out of the solar system in the past hundred years?

Although the asteroid belt behind Ceres was still in the solar system, most of the asteroid belts behind Ceres were already in the outer solar system. More importantly, the asteroid belt was composed of countless meteorites or other celestial bodies of varying sizes. It had all kinds of resources that the Blue Star was currently short of.

Ceres was also the hub of quantum teleportation in the solar system.

This quantum teleportation hub was not established by the Spiritual Race. Instead, it had existed for countless years and was said to have been established by an intelligent species of predecessors.

This included the quantum teleportation hub between the Moon and Mars. It was also activated by the ancient quantum teleportation hub, not newly built by the Spiritual Race.

He had to agree to the first condition.

However, it was not easy to catch a fat sheep at the negotiation table. How could he let down the sacrificed warriors of the Blue Star?

There were naturally all kinds of verbal battles and bargaining.

Lei Tian also had his own request. He wanted to preserve more power and return to the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. He would also release some benefits. However, it would definitely not be without a bottom line.

Lei Tian, an old fox of the Spiritual Race, fought with the group of Blue Star vixens led by Cai Shaochu.

The negotiations began the process of establishing a foothold and initial implementation. It was also the basis for the temporary trust between the two sides.

For example, if the Blue Star humans let a portion of the Spiritual Race experts return, in return, Lei Tian would begin to fuse and solidify this quantum teleportation channel on Mars.

Planetary powerhouses like Cai Shaochu had watched the entire process and brazenly learned. Although the possibility of them learning the essence was not high, it was fine as long as they could.

However, before implementing the first step of cooperation, Lei Tian suddenly asked a question.

“Principal Cai, although I know that you won’t answer me, I still want to ask, how did you accurately track me here? Is Black Hole a double spy of your Blue Star humans?” Lei Tian asked in confusion.

The Blue Star foxes led by Cai Shaochu all smiled but did not say anything. Only Erera, the grandmaster whose brain was worshiping the heavens, subconsciously looked at Xu Tui. However, she was stopped by Cai Shaochu with a smile.

“Commander-in-chief Lei, we also want to know how you knew where our Moon’s defense was weak during this surprise attack.” Cai Shaochu asked.

Lei Tian also smiled but did not say anything.

The two sides began to fight with their wits and bravery. For example, he could release one or two from the Spiritual Race first. However, after letting them go, Lei Tian first killed a Planetary and three quasi-planetary powerhouses.

This was a bonus.

This was because everyone knew that Lei Tian was eliminating his enemies. The people left behind should all be Lei Tian’s trusted aides or hardcore supporters. Then, under the covetous gazes of the Planetary powerhouses on the Blue Star, Lei Tian also began to migrate and fuse with this quantum teleportation channel.

What happened next was naturally not suitable for Xu Tui to participate too much.

Currently, Xu Tui could not enter the decision-making level. If he participated in too many appearances, it would bring about the danger of uncertainty. Therefore, Cai Shaochu got a few quasi-planets from the Huaxia Sector to bring Xu Tui back to Mars.

Although they had negotiated a preliminary cooperation with Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s frontline base, the war was still ongoing.

This was especially so on Mars. The pursuit of the scattered troops of the Spiritual Race’s invasion was still ongoing.

Xu Tui did not want to participate in the pursuit. He only wanted to rest well and sleep. He would continue to increase his strength.

However, Xu Tui received Ah Huang’s investigation results just as he was about to return to Mars.

It was Nakabo Ichito’s social information.

Nakabo Ichito had a wide social circle. In the past half a year, he had contacted many people in the Korean Star Sector, Sing-Malaysia Sector, American Sector, India Sector, and European Sector.

However, in the past three days, he had only contacted people from the Yamato, India, and American Sectors. He had also contacted two unknown communication devices.

One of the unknown communication numbers came from the moon. He could not find it yet. The other unknown communication number that had three contact times also came from the moon. However, it used the temporary military transit network on Mars.

After Nakabo Ichito was silenced by the fire shadow, he even called out once.

Originally, such an unknown communication number was extremely difficult to trace. However, one was because Xu Tui had mid-grade Level B individual rights, and the other was because 90% of Mars’ communication satellites had been destroyed during the war.

In order to ensure the smoothness of the temporary communication, the military of the various sectors temporarily launched the signal transmitted by a small communication signal device. @@novelbin@@

The signals of these small-scale communication signals were not stable. Most importantly, they all belonged to the military. Not only were the signals completely detectable, but they were also extremely geographical.

The communication area of the communication number that contacted Nakabo Ichito came from the Mars base of the Africa Sector. Then, Ah Huang used Xu Tui’s individual rights to obtain the assistance of the Huaxia Sector’s military and obtained the most detailed communication data during that period.

In the end, the user of this communication number was a Genetic Evolution Realm expert from the India Sector called Nadira.

...

He was the reinforcement sent by the India Sector from the moon to Mars…