Chapter 942 - 942 We Are Changing Our Genetic Effects (1)

942 We Are Changing Our Genetic Effects (1)

In the 20 minutes after seeing Erera, Planetary powerhouses and quasi-planetary powerhouses returned to Phobos.

The pursuit did not go too deep.

The situation in space was extremely complicated. Don’t chase after a desperate enemy. If he was not careful and was killed by the other party, he would suffer a huge loss. Therefore, in the previous battle of pursuit, most of them had begun to return after chasing to a certain extent.

These Planetary and quasi-planetary powerhouses were all extremely experienced in battle. There was no need to say anything more, so everyone knew that there must be another operation to gather them together now.

!!

Therefore, they spontaneously sat cross-legged on the ground and seized the time to recover their strength.@@novelbin@@

During this period, Cai Shaochu introduced two more Planetary powerhouses from the Huaxia Sector to Xu Tui.

One was Ruan Tianzuo.

Xu Tui had heard of this person for a long time. He had also had some grudges back then. Xu Tui naturally did not expect this person to give him any benefits.

On the other hand, Xu Tui was looking forward to it when Cai Shaochu introduced Pei Tiefeng, a Planetary powerhouse from the military.

Would the respected Principal Cai help him get some greeting gifts here?

However, Cai Shaochu did not mention anything after the introduction.

Cai Shaochu saw through Xu Tui’s confusion. He immediately used his consciousness to send a voice transmission to Xu Tui and introduced, “Old Pei is a poor man. Don’t think about it.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

Ten minutes later, other than Cai Shaochu and Erera, seven of the nine planetary-level powerhouses guarding Mars had arrived. The other two were seriously injured and could no longer participate in the battle.

There was a very obvious characteristic among genetic newcomer cultivators. The strong were respected. Or rather, everyone was more inclined to obey the strong.

Of course, it was not absolute.

For example, between Erera, who was worshiping the heavens with her head, and Cai Shaochu, everyone was more willing to listen to Cai Shaochu’s instructions.

Of course, if the people from the European Sector and the American Sector had any different opinions, they were more willing to express it through Erera.

This was more complicated. It could not be explained in a few words.

“Xu Tui, is your information accurate?”

Cai Shaochu glared at Erera the moment she opened her mouth. Even Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. Did this brainless woman want to expand Xu Tui’s responsibilities infinitely?

“I think that regardless of whether this information is accurate or not, we have to give it a try! The hiding place of the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base. If we get it right, it will be beneficial to us. If we’re wrong, we’ll only be making an empty trip.” Cai Shaochu’s mind was still very clear.

Fortunately, he was a man. If Old Cai was a woman and was so smart, his chest would definitely be a chopping board! As long as one’s intelligence was normal, no one would object to Old Cai’s argument.

Although Erera had changed her brain with her chest, she still had basic thoughts.

Five minutes later, they reached a unanimous opinion. They set off to track it down. They left a Planetary guard on Phobos. If they encountered an accident, they could resist for a while. Including Cai Shaochu and Erera, there were a total of eight Planetary experts and 15 quasi-planetary experts with intact combat strength.

In the previous battles, the Blue Star humans had lost a lot of experts, especially quasi-planetary experts. As many as 20 quasi-planetary experts on Phobos had died in battle and were seriously injured.

Many people were injured during the pursuit.

Of course, the results were also very good. During the pursuit, they killed two planetary-levels and even more quasi-planetary-levels.

The main battle results were contributed by Erera.

There were only six Planetary experts from the Spiritual Race who had successfully escaped, excluding Lei Tian. Two of them were seriously injured. There would not be more than 20 quasi-planetary-levels who successfully escaped, and most of them were injured.

Of course, the most important source of confidence in the pursuit was Erera.

There was also Lei Tian, who had been scared away by Shang Long’s appearance.

Lei Tian was also seriously injured!

Soon, a transport plane from Phobos transported a cart of warheads. These were the warheads that Phobos had left behind that could threaten quasi-planetary and planetary-level powerhouses.

“Come, bring as many as you can. I can still do the job of a human launcher!”

Someone immediately took out these bullets. All kinds of power fluctuations spread out, and the bullets disappeared.

Xu Tui saw that only five of the eight Planetary powerhouses, including Cai Shaochu and Erera, had come out to take out various warheads, especially the three-phase thermal bombs.

Among the quasi-planetary powerhouses, there were even fewer people who stepped out to retrieve the warheads. Out of the 15 quasi-planetary powerhouses, only four came out. According to the fluctuations of their power, they were all from the Mystery Branch.

It seemed that people who activated and had the ability of the quantum dimensional chain were rare among top-notch experts.

Xu Tui was just thinking that he had used up all his bullets. He would take two or three as backup. At the very least, he would be able to take away one or two experts at the critical moment. He would not lose out.

Just as Xu Tui was about to move, Cai Shaochu’s mental voice transmission appeared in his mind. “Don’t move, kid. Do you think you’re not eye-catching enough?”

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Don’t worry. I brought you a few. I’ll give them to you later.”

Xu Tui responded in his mind. His heart warmed. Old Cai cared about him.

Three minutes later, the pursuit team composed of the top experts of the Blue Star set off. They all flew with their bodies.

Xu Tui realized that any quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, be it from the Extreme Branch or the Mystery Branch, could fly into space with their physical bodies.

Someone like Old Cai could fly into space without even wearing a combat uniform. It had to be said that his physical body or ability was powerful.