Chapter 940 - 940 Lei Tian’S Plan And Grandmaster (1)

940 Lei Tian’s Plan and Grandmaster (1)

“What?” Cai Shaochu’s involuntary cry came from the communication device. Even with Cai Shaochu’s cultivation, he was shocked when he heard Xu Tui’s urgent report. No matter how one looked at it, Xu Tui’s news was a little shocking. “Give me your location. Then give me a minute.”

In the sky above Mars, Cai Shaochu crossed his fingers like a sword. Hundreds of seals connected together and spread out like ripples, binding invisible mental fluctuations in the void.

In the end, the hundreds of words merged into a seal and were placed into a special container by Cai Shaochu. Then, it disappeared. After doing all of this, Cai Shaochu’s forehead was covered in sweat, even though he was powerful.

Although Shang Long’s clone plan had succeeded, the backing was still very complicated.

In the next moment, Cai Shaochu instantly disappeared into thin air.

Xu Tui waited quietly in the col outside the crater. When the waiting time reached one minute and 35 seconds, Xu Tui suddenly sensed something strange with his mental perception.

The moment Xu Tui looked over, Cai Shaochu had already appeared in front of Xu Tui.

“Principal.”

“Good morning, Principal Cai!” Zhou Chuan suddenly stood upright and saluted.

“Okay, rest on the spot.” Cai Shaochu nodded at Zhou Chuan. Then, he asked Xu Tui with a serious expression, “Can you guarantee the authenticity of your information? If this information is true, it’s too important!”

Xu Tui shook his head. “What Tri Ling Ding said is the original mental colony of the Ling Clan on the moon. He said it.”

Xu Tui roughly told Cai Shaochu about the Ling Clan’s communication disk related to Lei Xiang.

“Just now, Tri Ling Ding said that he had sensed the aura of a high-level colony that could contact Lei Xiang’s communication body. Furthermore, it was not far away. The person who had contacted him with the communication disk embedded with the high-level colony of the Ling Clan was the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base, Lei Tian.

“Under normal circumstances, the person holding this communication disk was most likely Lei Tian. Of course, it might also be other high-level personnel of the Ling Clan. I can’t be sure if it’s Lei Tian.” Xu Tui did not finish his sentence.

“If it’s Lei Tian… If it’s not Lei Tian…” Cai Shaochu thought about it and was about to leave when he looked at Xu Tui and said, “I’ll bring you along. This Tri Ling Ding belongs to you. I still need you to lead the way. Also, it can be considered an introduction to them.”

After giving Zhou Chuan his instructions, Cai Shaochu grabbed Xu Tui’s hand. His mind power surged out and enveloped Xu Tui. “Don’t move your mind power.”

In the next moment, he instantly disappeared with Xu Tui.@@novelbin@@

Three flashes.

Xu Tui felt that Cai Shaochu had enveloped his mind power and fluctuated three times. When the light in front of him returned to normal, Cai Shaochu appeared on Phobos with Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Phobos was about 9,500 kilometers away from Mars. In other words, Cai Shaochu’s speed could reach 3,000 kilometers with every flash. This speed was much faster than the Aerospace Combat Jet.

“Principal, with your speed, it won’t take long to travel from the Moon to Mars, right?” Xu Tui was very curious.

“The environment is different. The environment in space is more complicated and ever-changing, and the energy fluctuations are even stranger. There are too many energy fluctuations that can affect my escape ability. It can’t be used continuously.”

Looking at Xu Tui’s condition, Cai Shaochu said, “Take a break first. I’ll call for help. I’ll call you when everyone is here. I might need you to follow me later.”

…

Inside the meteorite that the Spiritual Race had named Takshak Number One.

Lei Tian was talking to Lei Qian for a long time through the high-level communication disk embedded with the Ling Clan’s colony.

Just now, Lei Qian had even sent Lei Tian a diagnosis of pregnancy through the transit of the temporary command center. There was also a more advanced genetic sequencing of the fetal genome.

It was clearly shown that the main genomic chain of this fetus came from Lei Tian. While Lei Tian was overjoyed, he was also extremely anxious.

Their Spiritual Race was also facing a fertility problem. He had been playful when he was young and was unwilling to have a child due to genetic factors. However, when it came to wanting to have a child, especially to a Planetary realm powerhouse like Lei Tian, it became extremely difficult.

He had been working hard for many years, but he had not succeeded. He did not expect to have a child when his life was undergoing a drastic change.

It was more or less ironic and helpless.

If Lei Tian had known this news before he started this war, he would definitely not have started this war!

Actually, one of the main reasons for this war was Lei Xiang. Lei Tian did not have a bloodline and treated his nephew as his bloodline. If he knew that he had a son at that time, Lei Tian would only make safer decisions.

Unfortunately, it was too late now!

“Qianqian, I already have a preliminary idea. From now on, you will secretly control everyone’s contact with the Sanctuary in the name of war control. No one is allowed to contact the Sanctuary without your permission.

“Listen to all the long-range information of Lang Fanyun on Planet Charon immediately. Report to me immediately if there are any abnormal movements.

“In addition, transfer all the information about Ceres and Charon, especially the latest news about the Great Xi and the Muya people, to me through the temporary command center. Do it immediately!” Lei Tian ordered.

“Okay!” On the other side of the communication disk, Lei Qian nodded vigorously, but a look of fear still appeared on her pretty face. Compared to the overall understanding around the forward operating base, she, the adjutant, was not inferior to the commander-in-chief, Lei Tian.