Chapter 949 - Chapter 949: Cultivation Choice And Discovery

Chapter 949: Cultivation Choice and Discovery

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After returning to the Mars base, Xu Tui threw away all his distracting thoughts and fell asleep through meditation.

Sleep was the most important thing in this world.

After two consecutive days of battle, although his mind power was constantly recovering through various methods, his physical and mental fatigue and tension could only be recovered through sleep. It was 18 hours later when Xu Tui woke up again.

It was the morning of October 17, 2138.

The Milky Way Genetic Era recorded in future history actually began in these few days. To be precise, it began when humans named the Battle of the Moon and Phobos Protection. After the later generations understood this battle, they called it an era triggered by captives.

The source of this battle or the change in this era began when Xu Tui captured Lei Xiang.

Of course, that was for another time.

When he woke up and was eating, Xu Tui first contacted Gai Sheng, the commander of the crater base, to understand the current situation. Currently, the war on Mars is coming to an end. The ordinary troops of the Spiritual Race had basically been withdrawn.

Although the higher-ups were negotiating, the Blue Star did not stop annihilating ordinary troops. They could negotiate, but they could not relax in weakening the enemy.

According to Gai Sheng’s preliminary estimates, since the Spiritual Race was defeated yesterday, more than 6,000 Spiritual Race troops had been wiped out in the pursuit. There were more than 30 Transmutation Realm experts among them.

Most importantly, there were 24 Spiritual Race captives. They were captives of the Spiritual Race, not races like the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Fission Race, and the Dissimilate Clan. It was said that a portion of them had already been placed on the dissection table of the Genetic Research Institute.

Not to mention the results of the negotiations, the results in this aspect were huge. However, it would still take some time for the results to be converted into gains.

The negotiations continued.

However, Gai Sheng did not know the details of the negotiation.

Xu Tui wanted to ask Old Cai, but he stopped his curiosity. He was not at a high enough level. He would only be a tourist if he participated.

He still had to increase his strength!

The importance of individual strength increased again during this battle. Individual strength could determine the outcome of a battle. It could even affect the outcome of a battle. The winner was the king, and the loser was the bandit. The outcome of the loser would forever be gray.

Therefore, increasing his strength was his top priority.

However, Xu Tui still sent a message to Old Cai solemnly.

“Principal, think of a way to ask about the Pioneer Raiders or the star map.” Xu Tui missed An Xiaoxue.

“Don’t worry.”

What happened outside had nothing to do with Xu Tui for the time being.

Xu Tui had basically confirmed that the fire shadow was Itavi’s clone.

Could Itavi be Black Hole? That was a possibility, but he could not come to that conclusion. However, based on the current situation, the traitor, Black Hole, was either from the India Sector or the American Sector.

Itavi was a Planetary powerhouse. Moreover, he was an extremely powerful Planetary powerhouse. It was not something Xu Tui could do now. Currently, the most urgent thing in front of Xu Tui was to increase his strength.

Of course, Xu Tui would tell Cai Shaochu about this and hear his opinion.

Xu Tui would be very happy if Old Cai could deal with Itavi. After all, he did not know how long it would take for Xu Tui to reach the Planetary realm. It would probably be too long. However, in theory, the possibility of Old Cai directly taking care of Itavi was too small.

He took three deep breaths in a row and sent all these negative emotions, anger, dissatisfaction, anxiety, and so on out of his body.

This was also the essence of the meditation technique!

He just had to think about it. It looked simple and seemed like everyone could do it. However, the effect could only be seen after a long period of perseverance. It was not just cultivation. The meditation technique could allow one’s emotions and rationality to be in a third-person or omniscient state.

He had to be efficient and rational at all times.

This was also what Xu Tui had been feeling for the past year. Before he entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Xu Tui believed that meditation only had two functions. It allowed him to sleep well and last longer.

From the looks of it, the subtle effect of meditation might be much stronger than Xu Tui had imagined.

After sorting out his thoughts, Xu Tui listed a few directions for the increase in his strength. The first direction was to continue strengthening his genetic base points and genetic ability chains. Other than the genetic ability chain of the Vajra Tide Force Field, the other genetic ability chains in Xu Tui’s body had basically been strengthened to Level 3.

He could continue to absorb energy and strengthen these genetic ability chains to Level 4. Xu Tui’s strength would definitely increase greatly. However, this path was also an unknown path. Xu Tui still needed to explore it.

The second way to increase his strength was through the sword. According to Cai Shaochu, he had to understand what a sword was first.

The third direction was the School of General Senses. The Stab Formula, the Mountain Formula, the Water Puppet, and the Water Explosion Technique of the School of General Senses were all Xu Tui’s main battle abilities.

The fourth direction was the direction of Cai Shaochu’s abilities. However, Xu Tui had never gotten started in this aspect. According to Cai Shaochu, Xu Tui would have this ability when he truly understood a certain word.

The fifth direction was the Silver Spirit Box.

Xu Tui had used one of the Silver Spirit Boxes before. It had greatly increased his strength. The last time he absorbed the Silver Spirit Box, the power of Xu Tui’s main battle skill had increased by nearly 30%. This was also one of the important reasons why Xu Tui could easily kill a Transmutation Realm expert at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

But Xu Tui still did not understand how the Silver Spirit Box increased his strength. However, Xu Tui was very certain of one thing. The Silver Spirit Box could be used to directly increase one’s strength.

Xu Tui had already given Cai Shaochu a Silver Spirit Box to study last time. Therefore, Xu Tui no longer planned to keep the two Silver Spirit Boxes he had snatched this time. He planned to use it directly to quickly increase his strength.

Every time he became stronger, he would become more useful. Because he was not strong enough, the feeling of watching his comrades pull the glory bullet in front of him was too uncomfortable.

Xu Tui did not want to experience this cruelty again. Since he wanted to increase his strength, he would first choose the fastest way before choosing another method!

A Silver Spirit Box was placed in Xu Tui’s hands.

Just like before, when the Silver Spirit Box appeared, the red fire slip in his mind surged with red light and was about to guide the power in the Silver Spirit Box.

Xu Tui took the opportunity to come over. After the power in the Silver Box of

spirit enterea nis Doay, tne rea nre Slip reli silent again.

That gentle and refreshing power surged into Xu Tui’s head. This time, Xu Tui slowed down his absorption speed. At the same time, he entered the illusory introspection while he was meditating. However, he did not see anything with his illusory introspection.

Xu Tui was slightly stunned when he switched to his introspective state. There was something wrong under his introspection. Level 3 golden genetic ability chains shone brightly in Xu Tui’s mind under his introspective state. They spun and flowed. The light reflected by the Level 3 golden genetic base points was like dazzling stars.

That’s right! Stars!

At first glance, Xu Tui’s entire genetic chain state looked a little like the universe. Genetic ability chains were galaxies, and genetic base points were stars. Of course, this was also Xu Tui’s imagination.

How could there be galaxies in the human body? How could there be stars?

This could only be an imagination. It was an exaggerated imagination.

Xu Tui had already dismissed this thought. However, he suddenly remembered Cai Shaochu’s previous words.

He had to jump out of his mindset. He had to think outside of the scientific world he had learned since he was young. The mindset of science was limited by the observation of scientific methods.

For example, when humans on the Blue Star could only observe with the naked eye, the world was the world. Rocks were rocks, soil was soil, and humans were humans!

The rocks in an area were basically the same. When humans had the microscope, the world was different. There were more cells, more microorganisms, and all kinds of new substances. Humans entered the Atomic Age.

Later on, there were forks in the human scientific research process. Some people thought that they had entered the particle energy era, while others thought that they had entered the quantum era.

However, when the Great Genetic Age began, humans had another branch—the Supernatural Era!

What was even more shocking was that a scientist had come up with a theory. Would the level of human cognition today be very similar to the ignorant era before the atomic era when there was no microscope?

What humans understood was only what humans could understand with their current abilities. It was just like in the world of ants, when humans peed, it was a monstrous flood. Could it be that the Great World Destruction Flood in the origin of humans was also because a higher-level species peed when they passed by the Blue Star?

Everything was unknown!

What troubled humans was always the current understanding. Only by jumping out of the current understanding and thinking could he make a breakthrough.

It was just like Old Cai’s ability. Up until now, he was the only one on the entire Blue Star and the Huaxia Sector who knew it.

It was inexplicable!

Xu Tui suddenly understood what Cai Shaochu meant. Don’t limit yourself with your current understanding. Just like the goal of the School of General Senses, imagination was also a power.

Xu Tui suddenly understood. So why deny it when he had an idea? Why can’t I, Xu Tui, have a galaxy in my body? In the future, if I pee, I might be able to create a new world?

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt enlightened. He was no longer obsessed with the denial in his current understanding. He felt that it looked like a universe in his introspective state.

In the past, there were novels. Didn’t they say that everyone had a small universe in their bodies?

With this thought in mind, Xu Tui suddenly felt that his body under his introspection was really like a universe. His head looked a little like the core of the universe. Circles of genetic ability chains were revolving around his head.

However, Xu Tui felt that he was lacking something. He felt that it was lacking, but he could not think of it.

As the power in the Silver Spirit Box continuously surged into his head, Xu Tui looked into the area of his head. It suddenly produced wisps of white light.

This stunned Xu Tui.

He had not noticed it before. Now that he was observing carefully, he saw the white spot of light. Was this the power in the Silver Spirit Box? Was it gathered in the middle of his head?

Under Xu Tui’s observation, the white spots of light disappeared not long after.

Xu Tui had a puzzled expression. He had no idea what was going on.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had a thought. Could he observe it microscopically with his introspection? @@novelbin@@

In theory, that was impossible! But wasn’t he going to jump out of the cognitive mindset? Who knew if it was possible if he did not try?

With a thought, Xu Tui tried to microscopically sense himself in his introspective state. A few seconds later, Xu Tui was delighted. He had succeeded! He could actually succeed! He could use microscopic introspection on himself.

Then, Xu Tui saw a large ball of white mist rolling. The fog was very thin and had a large range. In his microscopic perception, the area where the fog was rolling was as large as a room. In the next moment, a white spot of light jumped into the fog and dispersed.

Almost at the same time, the range of the rolling fog suddenly expanded.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui seemed to understand.

Was this white fog his mind power?

Or his mental body?