Chapter 947 - Chapter 947 The True Identity Of The Fire Shadow (1)

Chapter 947 The True Identity of the Fire Shadow (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Moon.

For some indescribable reason, Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, actually began to negotiate with the Blue Star humans and reached the preliminary intention of cooperation.

This news spread very quickly.

That was because Cai Shaochu, Erera, and the others were the ones discussing the specific matters of the negotiation. However, if they really wanted to make the final decision, they still needed the approval of the people in charge of the six alliances.

But after the people-in-charge of the six alliances nodded, they needed to seek the opinion of the Planetary powerhouses in their alliance, especially the top Planetary powerhouses.

This was a strange circle.

Therefore, Itavi knew about this immediately.

Itavi, who knew about this, had an extremely complicated expression.

Especially the look in his eyes at the first moment. He felt disgusted.

He had painstakingly planned for his goal, but in the end, he had suffered a loss.

Ironically, in the end, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Tian, actually sat at the negotiation table of the Blue Star humans.

Itavi regretted it.

If he took the initiative to head to Mars, he might be the one leading the negotiations, right?

If he sat at the negotiating table, he would be able to get a lot of things back in various ways. Putting aside the fact that the interests of the India Sector were first, he would also be able to obtain some benefits.

Unfortunately, it was too late now.

At that time, he had shrunk his head. Now, he wanted to take advantage of the situation.

If this was the moon, he would have shamelessly sat at the negotiating table.

But now, the negotiation was on Mars. No matter how thick-skinned he was or how long his hands were, he could not extend from the moon to Mars in an instant.

“Sigh…”

Was this because man’s plan was not as good as God’s?

Finally, Itavi’s gaze landed on an intelligence document in front of him.

There was only two words on the cover of the information-Xu Tui.

He could already confirm that the massacre of the Sun Temple and the loss of that treasure were most likely related to Xu Tui.

Today, after his fire shadow clone personally fought Xu Tui, he had a clear understanding of Xu Tui’s strength.

If he used this as a foundation, Xu Tui, who was at the Genetic Mutation Realm, might be able to do this.

This also explained why the enemy had poisoned the food.

If he was not strong enough, he would poison them.

At the same time, it also explained why he had not found a suspicious target after so long.

That was because the real murderer had been excluded by them because of his strength.

However, now, if he wanted to take action with Xu Tui’s identity, he had to be more secretive and plan more thoroughly.

He was the successor of the Genetic Miracle, half a student of Cai Shaochu, the owner of mid-grade Level B individual rights, and the commander of the Worldly Special Force.

He had a headache!

According to Itavi’s estimation, ordinary Transmutation Realm experts would probably not be able to deal with Xu Tui. He would have to use a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse or him to deal with Xu Tui personally.

However, this opportunity was not easy to find!

Of course, it was also a good thing for Itavi to discover the true murderer of the incident at the Sun Temple.

As long as he found the lost treasure in the Sun Temple and placed it back there, his strength would still have the possibility of increasing further after a long time of collection.

It just took a little longer.

It could be said that there was a silver lining.

At the same time, in the crater base on Mars.

The quasi-planetary-level powerhouse from the Huaxia Sector brought Xu Tui back to the Mars base of the Huaxia Sector.

After arriving at the Mars base, Xu Tui first contacted Zhou Chuan. After confirming that Zhou Chuan was safe, he immediately applied to meet the commander of the Mars base, Gai Sheng.

Xu Tui could be considered a famous person in the military now. Coupled with his mid-grade Level B rights, he successfully met Commander Gai Sheng.

Gai Sheng thanked Xu Tui profusely the moment he saw him.

It was an official thank you on behalf of the military.

This was because both Gai Sheng and Lieutenant General Wei Bin, who was far away on the moon, knew very well that Xu Tui had played a decisive role in the reinforcement of the Mars battle.

If Xu Tui had not executed the beheading operation against the division commander of the 3rd Division, Lei Wen, at the Huaya Sector’s Mars base, it was hard to say if the Huaya Sector’s Mars base would have been breached.

However, the losses were definitely immeasurable.

Two to three thousand more people might die in battle, or even more.

Similarly, Xu Tui’s operation to save the third defense fortress in the Mars base also played a key role.

Its meaning and value were immeasurable.

Xu Tui accepted the gratitude. After a few seconds of silence, he suddenly said, “Division Commander Gai, I came to look for you because I wanted to ask for your help,”

“Don’t use the word ‘help’. If you have any requests, just say them. We’ll definitely do what we can.” As long as they approved of him, his military friends would be so straightforward.

“Help me investigate the current location of a Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator named Nadira. The intelligence shows that he left the Mars base of the Africa Sector an hour ago and participated in the pursuit of the defeated army of the Spiritual Race,” Xu Tui said.

...

“He’s on Mars?”

“Probably.” @@novelbin@@

“As long as he’s on Mars, we can find him. However, many communication facilities are damaged now. It will take some time to find him,” Gai Sheng said.

“I can wait, but I hope not until the war is over.”

“It won’t take that long. A few hours or so.” After saying that, Gai Sheng hesitated. “By the way, can I ask you why you’re looking for Nadira?”.