Chapter 941 - 941 Lei Tian’S Plan And Grandmaster (2)

941 Lei Tian’s Plan and Grandmaster (2)

Hearing Lei Tian’s words, she could already guess what he wanted to do. “I’ll send it to you immediately, but have you really… made the decision to betray them?”

Lei Tian was silent. “Betrayal, perhaps. But all of this is for our child.”

Lei Qian bit her lip. “Then have you chosen which family you want? The Great Xi Clan, the Muya people, or the Blue Star humans? I hate the Great Xi Clan extremely. The people of the Great Xi Clan are too disgusting. I don’t like them!”

Lei Tian was stunned. “Qianqian, what are you thinking? How could I have defected from the Spiritual Race? That’s definitely impossible.”

“Aren’t you…”

“Defecting from the Spiritual Race and defecting to another race is the simplest path, but it is also the most worthless and hopeless path! If we join these races, we can obtain their protection in a short period of time. Our children can also grow.

“However, when our value is completely squeezed out, with my combat strength, I will definitely be eliminated by them. At that time, the fate of our child might be even more tragic!

He would not even live to adulthood! Instead of that, we might as well let him work step by step within the Spiritual Race to wash away the humiliation.

“Besides, I, Lei Tian, am not indomitable, but it’s absolutely impossible for me to betray my race!” Lei Tian said.

“Then you…”

“Just listen to my arrangements. The culture of the Blue Star, especially that of the Huaxia Race, can be said to be profound. Over the years, I’ve studied a lot. Now, I’ll use one move! Although it’s a little risky, we won’t have any problems watching our child grow if we succeed! In fact, if I operate it well, I won’t even be guilty. Instead, I’ll be credited!” Lei Tian said.

On the other end of the communication device, Lei Qian nodded. This might be the reason why Lei Tian was the commander-in-chief. She could only be the adjutant. “I’ll do whatever you say!”

“Yes, don’t worry. No matter what, I have to fight for a future for the two of you!”

…

Phobos.

Cai Shaochu kicked Xu Tui, who was meditating to recover his mind power. Xu Tui opened his eyes and was pulled up by Cai Shaochu. In front of him was a woman with slightly red eyes and long fiery red hair. However, at first glance, the most eye-catching thing was her chest… muscles. They were big enough!

It was even larger than Gong Ling’s!

“Erera, this is Shang Long’s new student. Yes, he’s also half my student. Quick, greet Miss Erera. Pay your respects as a junior!” Cai Shaochu kicked Xu Tui again.

Xu Tui froze. He did not know what kind of respect a junior had to show. So Xu Tui bowed. “Hello, Miss Erera.”

“Yes, that’s right. You have to know that Miss Erera is a close comrade of your grandmaster, Shang Long. The kind who trusts each other with their lives. By the way, why didn’t you tell Miss Erera about how close you were to death today?” Cai Shaochu said.

Erera sized Xu Tui up from head to toe and nodded slightly. “Not bad. You’re very strong at this age.”

“Strong my ass. He was almost killed today! Not only was the Spiritual Race’s quasi-planetary chasing after him, but he was also chased by a quasi-planetary among our own people! He almost died!”

Seeing that Xu Tui was stunned, Cai Shaochu kicked Xu Tui again. “Tell her!”

Xu Tui, who had been kicked a few times, felt a little aggrieved and confused. What was he trying to do? However, he still mentioned the fire shadow.

“Yes, alright. A fire-type supernatural being that can use a mental clone. I’ll pay attention!” Erera nodded.

This made Cai Shaochu, who was at the side, look depressed. This Western woman had lived for nothing. As expected of someone whose brain was sacrificed to the heavens to nourish her chest. He had to sacrifice himself if he wanted to obtain some benefits for the little thing in front of him.

He had to demonstrate when he encountered someone who sacrificed her brain to nourish her chest. Helpless, Cai Shaochu took out another card and handed it to Xu Tui with great pain. “Sigh, I’ve used up all my stock after the consecutive battles a few days ago. Now, I only have one Illusion Card left. I’ll give it to you! You could use it to save your life at the critical moment. “If you die, Old Shang will probably die of heartache!”

Cai Shaochu emphasized the words ‘Old Shang will probably die of heartache’.

The card was handed to Xu Tui. Xu Tui wanted to take it, but he realized that he could not take it. Cai Shaochu was holding it tightly.

At the side, Erera was still indifferent, as if she had not reacted. Cai Shaochu was anxious.

“Sigh, as elders, we’re almost worried sick about you juniors!” Cai Shaochu sighed. Erera still did not react, as if she did not realize this at all.

Xu Tui, who had reacted, quickly bowed deeply again. “Thank you for the treasure, seniors!”

After being thanked by Xu Tui, Erera was stunned. Cai Shaochu quickly took sides. “Erera, he’s Old Shang’s student. Old Shang is not around. If he’s gone, Old Shang will probably be unhappy! I’ve already given him Old Shang’s sword!”

Cai Shaochu glared at Xu Tui again as he spoke. Xu Tui quickly took out the small sword from before. As soon as the small sword appeared, Erera’s expression changed. There was a hint of sadness and joy in her expression.

“Since he’s already here, why didn’t he come to see me?”

“Originally, he wanted to see you when he returned with his clone, so he only attacked twice! He did not attack the third time because he wanted to save his strength to see you. However, his favorite grand-disciple, Xu Tui, was being chased by that fire shadow. His life was on the line. He had no choice but to use the third strike to save him. Then, it collapsed on the spot. Sigh, the moment he collapsed, he even looked in the direction of your battle!” Cai Shaochu sighed.

Xu Tui lowered his head. He felt that Principal Cai’s description was about to collapse. He had never seen such a dejected principal.

Mr. Shang Long had never even seen him before. How could he like him?

“Damn you, Fire Shadow, don’t let me find you!” Erera gritted her teeth and took out an Origin Crystal ability seal card on the spot. She slapped it onto Xu Tui’s hand. “Take it. If you encounter a quasi-planetary-level, you can just take out a few cards and insta-kill him! But remember, every card will take away half or even more of your mind power!” Erera instructed.@@novelbin@@

One card could instantly kill a quasi-planetary expert.

Xu Tui’s surprise was indescribable. He bowed again. “Thank you, Grandmaster.”

Xu Tui only realized that he had almost said what he was thinking when he said that. Cai Shaochu slapped the back of Xu Tui’s head. “What grandmaster? What nonsense are you spouting?”

By the side, Erera’s face had already turned red because Xu Tui had called her ‘Grandmaster’. Her red hair was trembling, and her chest was surging. In the next moment, Erera took out two more cards and slapped them on Xu Tui. “Keep them well. If anyone dares to bully you again, blast them with the cards I gave you! It doesn’t matter even if it’s blasted. It would be useless to blast it with my card!”

Cai Shaochu was stunned and depressed! He had bragged and complained for a long time. He had put in a lot of effort, but in the end, the effect was not as good as Xu Tui’s words.

It was simply…

Xu Tui was overjoyed.