Chapter 948 - Chapter 948 The True Identity Of The Fire Shadow (2)

Chapter 948 The True Identity of the Fire Shadow (2)

Translator. Henyee Translations

Editor: Henyee Translations

“Although it’s not a problem to tell you, it’s better if you don’t know,” Xu Tui said.

Gai Sheng instantly understood.

“Alright, I won’t ask. However, if you have any difficulties, you can tell me. There’s no need to care too much about discipline. Anything could happen on the battlefield. The discipline of the warriors of the Huaxia Sector is targeted at our own people. The other sectors, hehe!”

“Thank you!”

“You’re treating me like an outsider. Don’t mention the word ‘thank’ to me!”

Then, Xu Tui had a good meal at the Mars base. He found a quiet dormitory and fell asleep. He needed to rest.

Two and a half hours later, Xu Tui was woken up by a major.

“Reporting to the commander, the division commander asked me to send you a document. He said that everything you want is here. Also, Division Commander said that if you need anything else, just tell me! He’s busy now, so he won’t come over.”

“Provide me with an aerospace combat jet.”

“Okay!”

He thought about it. Xu Tui did not call Zhou Chuan when he left. Xu Tui knew very well that Zhou Chuan would definitely be very happy if he informed him about this. After all, he could track the true identity of the fire shadow through Nadira.

However, Zhou Chuan was a soldier. Xu Tui did not want to pull him into this vortex.

Xu Tui could take revenge himself.

Forty minutes later, the Aerospace Combat Jet that had arrived at its destination entered automatic hovering mode. Xu Tui jumped out of the Aerospace Combat Jet. The intelligence from the Mars base showed that Nadira and the others had just passed by here five minutes ago.

He should be nearby.

Xu Tui stepped on the jet thrusters of his combat uniform and began to search at a height of 100 meters. Currently, flying on a sword is not too practical. It was mainly because mind power was a little expensive.

Five minutes later, Xu Tui discovered his target through Tri Ling Ding.

Xu Tui’s gaze instantly turned cold.

On the way, Ah Huang had already searched for and transmitted all of Nadira’s detailed information to Xu Tui.

What a coincidence. Nadira was actually Itavi’s grand-disciple, Kitawan’s student. Moreover, he was Kitawan’s favorite student. He was also very powerful. He had a record of killing a Transmutation Realm expert. Otherwise, he would not have been chosen by the India Sector as the candidate to reinforce Mars.

If Xu Tui’s deduction was correct and it was really related to Nadira, then this matter would be fun.

Was that fire shadow a clone of Itavi?

Itavi’s abilities were very mixed, but his strongest combat strength was a fire-type supernatural being. When he took out Tri Ling Ding from the Sun Temple, there was also a mental clone of Itavi inside. This meant that Itavi was good at making clones.

From this point, Xu Tui could almost confirm that the fire shadow was that old thief, Itavi.

It fits too well! @@novelbin@@

If it was really this old thief, Xu Tui would think of a way to kill this old thief and avenge He Xiaojun and Jin Zheng when he had the strength in the future.

While he was rushing to Mars alone and fighting a life-and-death battle with the Spiritual Race, that old thief, Itavi, had stabbed him in the back. He even wanted to capture him alive and sell him to the Spiritual Race.

He had to take revenge!

However, he still needed one last step.

On the ground, Nadira and the other three, who had just killed a group of defeated Spiritual Race soldiers, suddenly stopped because of the sound of air being torn apart.

The Spiritual Race was greatly defeated. Nadira called for three good friends with similar connections and strength to form a special combat team to kill the Spiritual Race’s heads to earn contribution points.

At this moment, the Spiritual Race was in chaos. With the strength of their team, killing people and earning contribution points was like picking them up.

However, Xu Tui’s sudden appearance still made the four of them carefully assume an offensive posture. This was especially so for Xu Tui, who had the aura of war. His combat uniform was covered in blood and smoke. It looked abnormally wrinkled.

“From the Huaxia Sector?”

One of Nadira’s comrades, who was also from the India Sector, suddenly said in a low voice, “Look, is there anyone else around? If not, I’ll do it!”

Nadira nodded slightly and made a gesture, However, he still smiled and shouted at

Xu Tui, “Hey, Brother, which sector are you from? What’s the matter?”

Xu Tui, who had already activated his mental perception, knew the conversation between the few of them very well.

It was really…

“Nadira?”

Nadira’s expression changed. “I am. And you are?”

“I have something to ask you.”

“What is it? Ask away. We’re all from the brother alliance. I’ll definitely answer if I know!?

“Oh, thank you, but I want to ask you in a different manner.”

“Different manner? What way?” Nadira did not understand!

“The method of interrogation!”

As soon as he said that, Nadira’s expression changed drastically. He shouted, “Do it!” However, just as Nadira roared, his companions beside him spat out blood and fell to the ground. Two of them were taken down in an instant.

Nadira and his other friend also attacked Xu Tui at the same time. One was a fire-type supernatural being, and the other was an Extreme Branch. The flames and the long blade landed on Xu Tui’s body at the same time.

Xu Tui did not move. He allowed the attacks of the two people to land on his Vajra Barrier. Nadira’s attack at least caused his Vajra Barrier to fluctuate. Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier did not even fluctuate when the Extreme Branch cultivator slashed wildly. He could not even break through his defense.

Xu Tui curled his lips. The mental hammer smashed down again. Blood spurted out of the seven orifices of the Extreme Branch Genetic Evolver from the India Sector and he fell to the ground. He just did not know if the Extreme Branch student would be able to wake up after being hit by Xu Tui’s mental hammer.

Xu Tui’s strength stunned Nadira. He immediately lost his will to fight and turned to escape.

Xu Tui did not dare to use his mental hammer. He was afraid that he would be knocked out by the mental hammer. That would be a little funny. He used his mental vibrating whip to whip the fellow until his eyes were blurry and he fell to the ground. The earth spikes rose and instantly passed through his limbs.

A scream rang out. Nadira woke up from the pain. Xu Tui slowly moved closer, startling Nadira, who had just woken up from the pain..

...

“Tell me, why did you contact Nakabo Ichito?” Xu Tui asked directly.

Nadira had a look of shock. He was about to say something when Xu Tui suddenly summoned an earth spike. It instantly passed through his companion’s head and exploded it. Nadira trembled in fear from Xu Tui’s actions. His face turned pale.

“Think it through carefully first! I already know the answer. I just want to verify it again,” Xu Tui said coldly.

Taking advantage of Nadira’s fear, Xu Tui’s Spiritual Resonance, Spiritual Radiation, and Spiritual Concealment had silently invaded.

“I… I… Guru asked me to give something to Nakabo Ichito. I don’t know anything else!”

“What did you give?”

“I don’t know. It’s in a mind power shield box.” Nadira was cooperative.

He was not lying. According to Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance feedback, Nadira was not lying.

Actually, there was an answer at this point.

What could be stored in the mind power shield box? It must be related to the mind power clone or the fire shadow.

...

However, for the sake of caution, Xu Tui still interrogated him again. Two minutes later, the earth spikes rose. Xu Tui blasted out a few times with the Mountain Formula. After destroying the evidence, he quickly left…