Chapter 955 - Chapter 955: Old Cai ‘S Past And The Key Node Of Cooperation

Chapter 955: Old Cai ‘s Past and the Key Node of Cooperation

Translator: Henyee Translations?????? Editor: Henyee Translations

Slap! @@novelbin@@

Cai Shaochu slapped the back of Xu Tui’s head, causing him to stagger.

‘What are you thinking about? You’re so dirty. Do you believe that I’ll use sulfuric acid to cleanse your brain? I’m your teacher, so that’s your grandmaster!” Cai Shaochu scolded, his expression changing.

“Grandmaster?”

Xu Tui was confused. The last grandmaster was Erera…

Slap!

Cai Shaochu slapped Xu Tui’s head again. “It’s not the kind that Old Shang has! Alright, this is my mother. Do you understand?”

Xu Tui blushed with shame. He instantly became extremely embarrassed. His thoughts just now were simply too much. Fortunately, he did not think too much about it. He only felt that…

“Principal, why did you place Grandma’s image in your power satellite?” Xu Tui took advantage of the situation. Wasn’t the principal’s mother his grandmother?

Cai Shaochu’s expression suddenly became leisurely. He walked to the window and looked in the direction of the Blue Star. “With my mother watching me, no matter what enemy I face, no matter what desperate situation I face, I won’t be afraid, much less retreat!”

Xu Tui suddenly heard a hint of sadness. He did not dare to interrupt, but Cai Shaochu recalled some scenes.

“In 2044, the Moon was conquered by the Spiritual Race. The Spiritual Race once attacked the Blue Star. That year, the Blue Star was embroiled in war. The sky was filled with streams of light. I was only 14 years old that year…

“Flames exploded in the sky like the end of the world. I was still watching curiously. It was my mother. She pulled me into the house and threw herself at me. When I woke up, I was in my mother’s arms. It was just… a little cold…”

Xu Tui suddenly felt a lump in his throat as he listened.

This was probably the real…

“From then on, I wanted to do everything I could to become stronger. I researched crazily and studied genetic research and rebirth. Unfortunately, the more I researched it, the more despair I felt. Fortunately, when my actions reached the Planetary realm, I turned a power satellite into my mother and looked at me.”

“Principal, I’m sorry for bringing up your sad matters…” Xu Tui apologized sincerely.

Cai Shaochu shook his head. “There’s no need to apologize. Every time I use my strength, I can see my mother and think of her! There was not much sadness left. What I want to do now is to remember more about her and remember her forever…

Xu Tui turned his head and looked at Cai Shaochu, who was looking back at the Blue Star from the window. His heart suddenly skipped a beat. “Principal, then the female appearances of the other four and a half power satellites are also…”

“Don’t talk nonsense. There are two of them and they’re still alive and well. You might be able to meet sometime.”

This time, Xu Tui was stunned. The certain emotion that had just risen instantly disappeared. The principal was still the same.

“Principal, you have four people?”

“You have An Xiaoxue, but you don’t allow me to be charming?” Cai Shaochu stood in front of the window with his hands behind his back. He had an otnerwor1d1Y aura.

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Then it must be your confidant, Principal?”

“Uh… Yes, but not all of them… Some were…” Cai Shaochu, who was immersed in his memories, suddenly reacted. He glared and said, “Don’t talk too much.”

Why was he talking about this with a student like Xu Tui? Wasn’t he ruining his great image?

Xu Tui instantly understood, but he was very curious. “Principal, I understand. I’ve been through this before.”

“Been through my ass!”

Cai Shaochu slapped Xu Tui’s head again.

“Principal, I just want to know what the meaning of placing Grandma and these aunties who like you in your planetary power system is.” Xu Tui rubbed the back of his head in pain.

“Can’t I get them to pay their respects to my mother here? Can’t I get them to pay their respects every day?”

Xu Tui was speechless. This reason was really powerful. He retreated in defeat.

The principal was indeed that kind of principal!

A few minutes later, Xu Tui successfully changed the topic to something serious.

For example, the current progress of the negotiations with Lei Tian, the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base.

They were currently at the most crucial step. He had to establish the quantum teleportation channel that was about to fuse with the Mars base as a two-way channel. However, building a two-way tunnel required the people from the Spiritual Race to operate from the other side.

They had to send people over from the Blue Star too.

They had to personally watch them operate and successfully pass back and forth before they could build a two-way teleportation channel.

This was extremely important!

It was also one of the aspects that was most likely tampered with. Moreover, the danger of teleporting over directly was unknown.

After considering it for a long time, Cai Shaochu decided to personally go over to supervise and examine it. There were many humans on the Blue Star who studied quantum teleportation channels, but there were not many results.

Cai Shaochu had benefited from Xu Tui’s return of the quantum array core. He had taken a huge step forward in this aspect. At the same time, it was also a rare learning process.

However, it also represented a huge risk.

If the other party was a trap…

If that was the case, Cai Shaochu might not be able to return.

Although there were still a few Planetary and quasi-planetary experts from the Spiritual Race left on Mars, it was hard to say. Even if Erera was here, she would not be able to stop Lei Tian if he escaped.

This was also one of the reasons why Cai Shaochu had deliberately come to see Xu Tui today.

“I’ll set off tomorrow. I’ll arrange for someone to let you return to the moon later,” Cai Shaochu suddenly said.

“Principal…”

“I know what you want to say! However, this is very normal. Every step forward in pioneering is accompanied by unpredictable danger. There is a possibility of success, but there is a possibility of death !

“Therefore, this might be the norm. I’ve already sent you all the key information of the research hall in the Galaxy Spirit. If anything happens to me, you can study the quantum array core and the silver box yourself. Don’t deny it. I discovered your remnant aura in the quantum array core.

“In the future, our Huaxia Race will be able to do whatever we want in the universe. This quantum array core is the key. We have to understand it thoroughly! Therefore, I can’t let go of any opportunity to secretly learn,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Yes, I understand.’

“Also, I know what you’re worried about. We’ve already mentioned the Pioneer Raiders. The Spiritual Race has already discovered our Pioneer Raiders. However, it was impossible for the Spiritual Race to set up a quantum teleportation channel for us on the other side of the Pioneer Raiders.

“But according to the intelligence, the location of the Pioneer Raiders was not far from the asteroid belt. They could reach there by normal flying. It would only take a few months. So, don’t be anxious.

“They are all elites of our Blue Star. I will remember them in my heart. If I have the chance, I will obtain their information. However, if we take it too seriously, it will become a trump card to be threatened by the Spiritual Race,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui nodded vigorously. He understood the logic! He was just a little worried.

“Alright, you can return to the moon later. If I don’t return, the research on the quantum array core will be your lifelong career. This is just a possibility! From the looks of it, Lei Tian was still very sincere.

“Therefore, after you go, you have to take advantage of this period of time to cultivate and increase your strength. If the negotiation and cooperation with Lei Tian continues smoothly, this might be the calmest time. Do you understand?” Cai Shaochu said.

“Principal, are you talking about the development of the asteroid belt?”

“That’s right. Once the two-way tunnel is successfully solidified, the great development of the asteroid belt in the solar system will come. At that time, the situation might be complicated! Only by having powerful strength can you deal with more complicated situations,” Cai Shaochu said.

“I understand!”

“Don’t run around. Don’t return to the Blue Star before my news is confirmed! As long as you are on the moon, even if Itavi knows the truth about the Sun Temple, he won’t dare to do anything to you now,” Cai Shaochu said.

Xu Tui immediately remembered the fire shadow when he mentioned Itavi, especially since the fire shadow had made a deal with the Spiritual Race. He told Cai Shaochu about how he suspected that Itavi was a Black Hole.

“Other than that, is there any other evidence?” Cai Shaochu asked.

Xu Tui shook his head. There was only so much of Nadira’s confession.

“Xu Tui, if Itavi is from the Huaxia Sector, with the information we have now, I can directly investigate him or even interrogate him. However, Itavi was from the India Sector! The Blue Star Genetic Committee was actually more decorative.

“What you said makes sense. In my opinion, there was a high chance that the fire shadow clone was Itavi! However, this was only a judgment, not evidence! Even if there is evidence, when it comes to our level, it depends more on the difference in strength than evidence.

“The evidence could be created and destroyed. However, power could not. Do you understand?”

Xu Tui blinked. He was a little angry.

“Unless our Huaxia Sector declares war on the India Sector now, we won’t be able to deal with Itavi. We could not do it even if we had evidence. Of course, when I’m done, no one can stop me from challenging Itavi alone!” Cai Shaochu said.

“Then… What about Black Hole?”

“We can only investigate in secret unless we obtain solid evidence from the Spiritual Race.”

It had to be said that Xu Tui had completely matured over the past year.

“Principal, I understand. Also, let’s forget about challenging Itavi. If there’s a chance, I’ll fight him. Or I’ll fight his disciples and grand-disciples. That would be more satisfying,” Xu Tui said.

Xu Tui knew very well that Cai Shaochu’s so-called challenge to Itavi was only to give him a chance to vent his anger.

In a one-on-one battle, could Cai Shaochu kill Itavi? Afraid not! The strongest

Planetary powerhouse in the India Sector was not much weaker than Cai Shaochu. If Cai Shaochu fought to the death, it would be equivalent to the two alliances fighting in advance.

This kind of matter that the other alliances were laughing their heads off could not happen at this critical moment when humans were about to step out of the circle of Blue Star, Moon, and Phobos.

“Okay, I’m leaving!” Cai Shaochu patted Xu Tui’s shoulder and instantly disappeared.

Four hours later, Xu Tui arrived on Phobos and returned to the moon through the quantum teleportation channel. However, Xu Tui stood in front of the quantum teleportation channel of Phobos for more than half an hour before he passed.

More accurately, he had tried to study and sense it for more than half an hour. His previous experience made Xu Tui not dare to sense it casually.

However, when Xu Tui tried it, he realized that it had become much easier for him to sense the quantum teleportation channel than before because of the quantum entanglement genetic ability chain.

When he sensed it, it was already very different from before.

Then, Xu Tui used the method he had obtained from Lei Xiang to resonate with the quantum teleportation channel through the quantum entanglement genetic ability chain. This mental resonance was much better than the previous resonance of the quantum array core.

Perhaps it was because the number of genetic base points resonating with Phobos was not comprehensive.

Or perhaps it was because Xu Tui’s strength had increased and he had already turned his power into a tangible mental body, but he did not faint on the spot even after he absorbed the Origin Energy.

In his introspective state, a large number of genetic base points lit up, but he still could not see them clearly.

It only lasted for ten minutes before Xu Tui had no choice but to end it. This was because this resonance consumed a lot of mind power.

However, this was another new discovery.

If this continued for a long time, would Xu Tui achieve the perfect resonance that Lei Xiang mentioned and complete the first condition of producing a quantum array core?

While he was thinking, Xu Tui entered the quantum teleportation channel and returned to the moon..