Chapter 958 - Chapter 958: Cooperation Achieved

Chapter 958: Cooperation Achieved

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations @@novelbin@@

In the end, Xu Tui chose to strengthen a single genetic base point before strengthening the entire genetic chain. Then, he would use this opportunity to break through.

According to his previous experience, if Xu Tui could strengthen the main genetic ability chain to Level 4, it might mean that he might break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

The main genetic ability chain that Xu Tui had chosen previously was the mental whip genetic ability chain.

Now, Xu Tui wants to change. He wanted to exchange it for the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain. However, after thinking about it, Xu Tui realized that there was not much of a difference.

The so-called main and secondary genetic ability chains were actually for other cultivators.

Xu Tui had seen the genetic ability chains in Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Cui Xi, and Yang Huai’s bodies previously. He realized that the degree of development of their main genetic ability chains and other genetic ability chains was very different.

If a third of their main genetic ability chains had already been strengthened to Level 3 gold when they’re at the Genetic Evolution Realm, then only one or two genetic ability chains outside the main genetic ability chain might have been strengthened to Level 3 gold.

Some genetic ability chains did not even have a Level 3 golden genetic base point. The difference between the main and secondary was very obvious. From this point of view, it was actually a balance between cultivation and problems.

There was no such problem with Xu Tui.

Currently, other than the 360 genetic base points of Xu Tui’s genetic ancient martial arts energy field that were not Level 3 gold, the other genetic ability chains were all Level 3 gold.

Therefore, there was no difference in priority. However, it would be better to choose the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain for the strengthening and modification of his body after breaking through the main genetic chain.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not dwell on it.

Whether it was increasing his mind power or increasing his other offensive abilities, the accumulation of genetic base points could greatly increase Xu Tui’s current combat strength.

This was especially so since Xu Tui had abundant Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui had more than 19,000 grams of Origin Crystals in his hands, including his previous savings and various development funds.

It could be considered a huge sum of money.

As for the other members, they started at 6,000 grams. There were even more for those who had made contributions. Other than that, Xu Tui had received a total of 1.2 million contribution points.

Xu Tui did not do anything else with the 1.2 million contribution points. He first applied through special channels to exchange for a large number of Origin Crystals. He first exchanged for 1,000 grams of Origin Crystals.

Origin Crystals were hard-core cultivation now. Individual contribution points were just a number.

Of course, it was mainly because Xu Tui had contributed greatly this time. Otherwise, he would not have been able to exchange for so much at once. There was a limit.

As for the contribution points given for the reinforcement to Mars, they had not been settled yet.

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of wealth when he cultivated with 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals in his hand.

Of course, he could not absorb one gram and throw it away.

However, a new situation happened not long after he cultivated.

After Xu Tui started cultivating, he finally chose his own cultivation method. This cultivation method was faster during the actual cultivation process.

As for whether he had practiced it the wrong way, that might not be the case. Perhaps others could not train like this?

Previously, when Xu Tui was cultivating, he had to consume about 15 to 20 grams of Origin Crystals to strengthen a Level 2 silver genetic base point to Level 3 gold. The consumption was about 20 times that of a Level 1 white to Level 2 silver.

Based on this speculation, the number of Origin Crystals consumed to strengthen a genetic base point from Level 3 gold to Level 4 should be about 300 to 400 grams.

Based on this amount, the 20,000 grams of Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had was not much. The time it took to absorb so many grams of Origin Crystals was also very terrifying.

However, not long after he started cultivating, Xu Tui realized that the speed at which he absorbed the energy in the Origin Crystal had become extremely fast. Especially when the power in his mind formed a star core-like mental body, the speed at which he absorbed energy was more than ten times faster than before.

The energy in the gram of Origin Crystal was completely absorbed in less than 30 seconds.

When Xu Tui spent time dispersing the Star Core mental body into a cotton nebula, he needed three minutes to absorb one gram of Origin Crystal.

This power gathered and transformed. It was really beneficial to a cultivator in all aspects.

Therefore, Xu Tui’s cultivation speed was still very impressive in the state of the Star Core mental body.

According to this speed, Xu Tui’s main genetic base point of the mental whip would become the first Level 4 genetic base point in his body in three to four hours.

What color would a Level 4 genetic base point be?

Xu Tui really wanted to know. However, after cultivating for a few days, Xu Tui still did not know the color of Level 4 genetic base points.

There was a problem during the cultivation process!

The main genetic base point of the mental whip continued to expand as it absorbed energy. The light continued to increase, and its rhythm became stronger.

Xu Tui could even sense that the power of the mental hammer had increased slightly. However, when Xu Tui absorbed and injected the energy in the 190 grams of Origin Crystals into this genetic base point, this genetic base point suddenly could not contain any energy.

It felt like it was full!

It was full!

This stunned Xu Tui. Previously, when he was strengthening the Level 3 genetic ability chain, Level 2 genetic base points could be directly strengthened to Level 3 genetic base points. Currently, after strengthening the Level 4

Genetic Ability Chain and Level 3 Genetic Base Points to a certain extent, it could not stuff in any Origin Energy.

Logically speaking, such a situation would usually be strengthened and upgraded to Level 4 genetic base points.

However, he could not stuff it with Origin Energy, nor could he strengthen it to Level 4 genetic base points.

He was a little confused.

What was going on?

It was completely inconsistent with the genetic base point level theory that he had done with Luo Shifeng previously.

In the beginning, Xu Tui thought that it was because he had cultivated too quickly and had absorbed too much Origin Energy in a short period of time. Strengthening genetic base points with Origin Energy also required a process.

He then began to strengthen the other genetic base points.

However, three days later, Xu Tui was confused.

Over the past three days, Xu Tui had strengthened a total of nine genetic base points from the mental whip to the point where he could no longer stuff Origin Energy into them. Then, he turned around and continued to strengthen the main genetic base point of the mental whip.

He wanted to try strengthening this main genetic base point to Level 4. But he still could not do it! These genetic base points seemed to have been fed to the brim. They could not be stuffed with any more energy, let alone strengthened to Level 4 genetic base points.

Xu Tui was so tired that he started to doubt his life.

Was the previous theory all wrong?

No one could answer Xu Tui’s question. He could only figure out the answer himself. The only good news was that a few days later, Xu Tui would strengthen all the genetic base points in the genetic ability chain to the limit of Level 3?

Even if they all reached the point where they could no longer fill in any more Origin Energy, including the chain, the power of Xu Tui’s mental hammer had increased from 81 bars to 82 bars.

Its power had increased by about 25%.

This at least meant that strengthening like this could increase one’s strength. However, why could he not strengthen it to Level 4?

Xu Tui was confused. He once suspected that he had cultivated wrongly. However, this path made sense in theory and logic. He must have overlooked something.

Just like that, Xu Tui cultivated and thought as he studied. Although he did not strengthen a genetic base point to Level 4, his strength had improved.

As time passed, the reconstruction of the moon began to accelerate. Xu Tui also heard about the process of negotiations with the commander-in-chief of the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Tian, through various channels.

On the 24th of October 2138, Lei Tian began to build a two-way quantum teleportation channel that the Blue Star humans wanted to fuse with Mars.

Lei Tian stayed on Phobos. Lei Hong and Lei Gen, Lei Tian’s trusted aides, brought the quantum array core and passed through the quantum portal that had yet to fuse.

On the Blue Star, with Cai Shaochu as the leader, a total of five Planetary powerhouses went over. They were to supervise, test, and guard!

From this day on, Mars entered a state of high combat readiness. The Planetary and quasi-planetary experts on Mars were guarding the quantum portal. Their eyes were as wide as pandas. As long as there were any abnormal movements, they would immediately take action.

Erera stared at Lei Tian. The scarlet ray kept expanding and contracting like a shadow. However, what Lei Tian cared more about was the disappearing sword.

Shang Long’s sword that had disappeared!

He was not afraid of Erera! Only Shang Long and Erera together could kill him.

The higher-ups of the six alliances were nervous for a full six days.

On the 30th of October, a few quasi-planetary-level powerhouses and a planetary-level powerhouse successfully returned from the two-way quantum tunnel. When the news returned, the joy of the higher-ups of the various alliances was almost written all over their faces.

The few Planetary powerhouses who went over would stay there to guard for the time being. They even sent a fully mechanized engineering team to test the environment of the asteroid opposite them.

This was the rhythm of preparing to build a defensive base.

On the 7th of November, under the supervision of Cai Shaochu, Lei Tian spent a full eight days fusing this planetary-level quantum teleportation channel into the quantum teleportation channel of the Mars base.

In essence, it was the upgrade of the quantum teleportation channel.

The reason was very simple. The quantum teleportation channel of the crater had the energy inside Mars to rely on and could solidify and exist for a long time.

Then, Lei Tian had to take the last step. It was to solidify the quantum teleportation channel on the other side of this quantum teleportation channel, which was also the asteroid belt that existed behind Ceres.

At the same time, after reaching this step, Lei Tian would leave and return to his forward operating base to continue being his commander-in-chief.

The higher-ups of the Blue Star were a little nervous about this last step, but they did not go overboard. According to the opinion of the Planetary experts on the Blue Star, the possibility of Lei Tian playing tricks on this last step was relatively low.

There were plenty of opportunities to play tricks during the previous process.

There had been several discussions on the Blue Star about whether they should

really let Lei Tian leave.

The final conclusion was that the possibility of killing him was not high. It would be more beneficial to the Blue Star to let the living Lei Tian leave.

On November 12th, Lei Tian left through the quantum teleportation channel of the Mars base that had been solidified.

On November 13th, good news came. Lei Tian had completed the solidification of the quantum portal on the asteroid opposite him as promised and left. He did not play any tricks.

They were very sincere in their cooperation.

On November 14th, the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the higher-ups of the six major sectors of the Blue Star convened a high-level meeting on the moon. The scene was a mess!

The reason for the argument was the redistribution of ownership of the crater Mars base, the order of entry and exit of the various sectors that were going to develop the asteroid belt, and various management rules.

On November 15th, Cai Shaochu successfully returned to Mars after the teleportation fluctuation period of this quantum portal for Planetary powerhouses ended.

In the evening, Xu Tui, who was cultivating, received a notice.

Lieutenant General Wei Bin had summoned him!