Chapter 956 - Chapter 956: Foundation And Cultivation (1)

Chapter 956: Foundation and Cultivation (1) @@novelbin@@

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Commander, this is the third time. Including the interrogation records we had on the resource planet, there are a total of four answers that involve the process of setting up the quantum array core. From the looks of it, it was about time. The similarity in the records of the four interrogations is above 93%. The 7% change is a supplement to some descriptions and individual details.”

On the moon, in the underground fortress of the Huaxia Sector’s general base, Yang Huai, who had just finished a wave of interrogation, reported to Xu Tui.

“Okay, you’ve worked hard. Are the others alright?” Xu Tui asked. “They’re all very good. They’re all on the moon and very safe. On the other hand, Commander…

“Tell everyone to hurry up and cultivate. Don’t be a miser. You have to increase your strength as soon as possible. Hurry up and spend the Origin Crystals and contribution points you have, ” Xu Tui said.

“When they’re choosing the reinforcements to the moon, everyone was not chosen as the Huaxia Sector’s second choice. They were all cultivating with all their might,” Yang Huai said.

“Alright, that’ll do. I’ll cultivate with everyone in a day or two,” Xu Tui said.

After Yang Huai left, Xu Tui did not leave immediately. Instead, he used his authority to personally interrogate Lei Xiang again.

Lei Xiang, who was speaking, had not been living comfortably recently. He was interrogated more frequently and would occasionally be tortured. He looked a little miserable. However, the difference between a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert and a Planetary expert was also displayed on Lei Xiang.

For example, Old Cai, who was at the Planetary, could grow his lower body back as long as he had the support of energy and nutrient fluids.

However, Lei Xiang, who was at the peak of the Transmutation Realm and a half-step quasi-planet, still looked like a human. The broken limbs had already grown into lumps of flesh.

If he wanted to regenerate his limbs, according to the medical standards of the Blue Star, he had to cut off these lumps of flesh and inject them with different types of Genetic Chain Reproduction Elixirs before he could find his limbs again.

He had not paid much attention to it in the past. Now, it seemed that the physical reaction of the Spiritual Race after being injured was very similar to that of the Blue Star humans.

Xu Tui personally interrogated Lei Xiang about the setup process of the quantum array core. It was not that he did not trust Yang Huai, but he did not want to make any mistakes.

This was the only thing Xu Tui could help Cai Shaochu with. He handed the detailed process of Lei Xiang setting up the quantum array core to Cai Shaochu for reference. After all, Cai Shaochu had followed them to supervise. However, the difficulty of supervising a process that he did not understand could be imagined.

At this moment, Lei Xiang’s answer became very important.

After confirming that it was not much different from his previous answer, Xu Tui left the interrogation room. He then packed up the five relevant interrogation materials and sent them to Cai Shaochu.

“Okay, I received it. Do your own thing. Don’t worry about me.”

On Mars, Cai Shaochu, who had received Xu Tui’s information, suddenly smiled. He then carefully flipped through the information that Xu Tui had given him and compared it with his own research institute.

Doing his homework in advance was very important!

On the moon, Xu Tui took the time to make an intergalactic call to his parents after he was done. Over the past few days, the severely damaged moon had already begun to be rebuilt. The first to recover was naturally communication.

The battle on the Moon had stabilized. The Blue Star residents had returned to normal life.

Xu Tui’s parents had returned home from a special underground shelter nearby three days ago. The alarm had been lifted.

The alarm on the Blue Star had been lifted, but their worries were getting worse.

There was a rumor that the situation on the Moon and Mars was very serious. The Blue Star had sacrificed a lot. The sacrifices on the Blue Star were huge. Although the exact number was not announced, more than 10,000 people had died on the two battlefields, Mars and the Moon.

There were already two to three thousand in the Huaxia Sector.

The moment she saw Xu Tui on the video call, her mother, Zhang Xiuli, sobbed and could not speak.

At this moment, Xu Tui suddenly thought of the image of his mother in Cai Shaochu’s power satellite. He was filled with emotions.

However, this time, his mother, Zhang Xiuli, did not mention asking Xu Tui to go home. Perhaps this emergency refuge on the Blue Star had made his mother understand a lot.

After reporting his safety to his family, Xu Tui’s second call was to Zhuang Ziqiang.

As soon as the call connected, Zhuang Ziqiang fired a barrage of questions at Xu Tui.

Many information on the Blue Star was public now. However, the Blue Star did not know much about the extra-terrestrial. Even if there was a battle, they only knew a general situation. After all, no matter how detailed the battle situation was, explaining a problem might cause countless problems.

Xu Tui introduced what he could to Zhuang Ziqiang and satisfied the energetic young man’s curiosity.

“The Worldly Special Force Compensation Foundation that I established previously is operating normally, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“Brother Xu, everything is normal. The first month’s pension has been distributed. At the same time, I’ve also found a career fund manager. “The annual profit is expected to be between 4% to 8%. With the current capital base, our foundation can continue to operate even if we have to compensate hundreds of people. It might even become larger.” At the mention of this, the energetic young man, Zhuang Ziqiang, was a little excited.

“Okay, it’s good that it can continue to operate. If you need me to inject money again, it won’t be a problem. However, we have to ensure public welfare! Later, I’ll send you a list. There should be nine people for the time being..”