Chapter 951 - Chapter 951: Without A Prefix And Suffix, It Has To Be Unique (1)

Chapter 951: Without a Prefix and Suffix, It Has to Be Unique (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui began to try to compress the rolling white fog. The difficulty came.

If this ball of white fog was a mental body, then the mental body would definitely be composed of mind power. What Xu Tui was doing now was to use his mind power to compress the mental body.

It sounded a little awkward. @@novelbin@@

To put it bluntly, Xu Tui was trying to lift himself up. This was the difficult and powerless feeling that surged in Xu Tui’s heart. He had used all his strength, but he could not lift himself. He used all his mind power, but the rolling white fog did not move.

It could not be compressed?

Xu Tui was a little discouraged. He had finally jumped out of the so-called mental fixation and had an idea, but it was about to fail! Or could it be that imagination was ultimately imagination and not all imaginations could be achieved?

Or was Xu Tui’s method wrong?

It was not Xu Tui’s style to give up after trying for a few minutes. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have been able to last so many years in meditation.

He would definitely not be able to lift himself up. However, he could jump.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea. He changed his train of thought. He would not compress it, instead, he would contract it. Compression was an external force, and contraction was an internal force.

The moment he thought about it, the rolling mist in his mind began to collapse and shrink at a visible speed.

He had succeeded!

The rolling white fog became thicker as it contracted. Previously, it looked a little like steam. But half an hour later, it was like a mist. An hour later, the size of the mist had shrunk several times, turning into an extremely thick white fog.

Xu Tui continued to control the contraction. During the contraction process, Xu Tui realized that his control over his mind power seemed to have become stronger.

After several attempts and imaginations, Xu Tui formed a large hand from the white fog and began to compress it.

It compressed and contracted. It seemed that he could lift himself up. The thick white fog kept shrinking. As it continued to compress and contract, the white fog began to shrink again. It gradually became the size of a fist. However, Xu Tui felt that there was still room for compression.

In the end, the thick white fog in Xu Tui’s mind was compressed into a ball the size of an egg. It looked very textured.

At this moment, an indescribable fatigue welled up in his heart. He was very tired.

He was really tired!

He had a lot of mind power, but he was very tired. He felt as if he had not slept for a few days. He looked at the time. It was already the next day, the night of October 18th.

This shocked Xu Tui. His compression this time had lasted for a day and a half?

In his surprise, Xu Tui could no longer hold on. He fell asleep. When he fell to the side, his breathing had become very regular. He fell into a deep sleep. When Xu Tui woke up again, it was already noon on the 19th of October. According to the time before he slept, he had slept for a full 14 hours.

He felt extremely energetic. He felt that his mind power was also very abundant.

Xu Tui washed up unhurriedly and had lunch before he entered the introspective state again to check on his condition.

He compressed his mental body into an egg for a day and a half. He did not know if it was a good thing or a bad thing.

Xu Tui was stunned the moment he entered his introspection. In his mind, a shiny white egg floated there. However, to his surprise, there were wisps of white mist floating around the egg. At first glance, it looked like a halo. If he zoomed in, it would actually be comparable to the rings of certain planets.

Had he formed his own system? However, a few minutes later, Xu Tui laughed. What system? The white fog was simply a newly produced mind power.

With a thought, he went into the egg-shaped mental body.

Xu Tui observed the egg-shaped mental body with his microscopic introspection.

It was extremely porcelain! The mind power contained in it was no longer as loose as the fog. Instead, it was very solid. Mind power surged out of the mental egg, forming a very thin line. It surged out extremely quickly. Previously, Xu Tui could not describe the changes without a comparison.

However, he felt that the changes were huge.

Xu Tui felt that his mind power had become very lean. However, the most direct manifestation of the changes in the mind power of the mental body was ability.

In the next moment, Xu Tui condensed a mental hammer.

Xu Tui was stunned the moment it condensed. The mental hammer also became smaller. The mental hammer from before was the size of a watermelon. It was almost the size of a smaller bull’s head and looked very powerful.

However, the mental hammer now became pocket-sized again. It was not even the size of a pineapple, let alone a watermelon. At most, it would be the size of an apple, a small apple.

The mental hammer that had become so small instantly made Xu Tui feel a little autistic. Even if it became smaller, its power would not decrease, right?

Xu Tui casually threw Tri Ling Ding out and smashed his hammer toward it.

At the same time, Pei Tiefeng, a Planetary powerhouse who was temporarily resting in the Mars base, suddenly opened his eyes.

Quasi-planetary!

There seemed to be a quasi-planetary power fluctuation. There were quasi-planetary powerhouses in the Mars base. However, Pei Tiefeng was extremely familiar with the aura of the quasi-planetary powerhouses stationed at the Mars base.

This was a completely unfamiliar aura of a quasi-planetary powerhouse that he had never seen before.

This was wartime!

They were still negotiating with Lei Tian of the Spiritual Race. Anything could happen..