Chapter 953 - Chapter 953: You ‘Re Actually Such A Principal (1)

Chapter 953: You ‘re Actually Such a Principal (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, do you know the difference between a Genetic Transmutation Realm and a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse?” Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui strangely and asked. After saying that, he suddenly said in realization, “You’re only at the Genetic Evolution Realm. You don’t know about the Transmutation Realm, do you?”

“Principal, Miss An has told me about the Genetic Transmutation Realm. I’ve also studied it before. I know about it. I don’t know about the quasi-planetary realm yet,” Xu Tui quickly said.

What was a Transmutation Realm?

Transmutation was fusion and replacement! The Genetic Transmutation Realm was literal.

If the Genetic Evolution Realm was a large-scale strengthening and evolution of a human’s body, then the Genetic Transmutation Realm was still a higher level of strengthening and evolution of a human.

When he was at the Genetic Evolution Realm, his physical body had already broken through the limits of what humans could withstand during scientific tests. For example, it could withstand high temperatures, low temperatures, the speed at which heat was lost, the method of obtaining energy, or vital points.

For example, the upper limit of a normal human’s body temperature on the Blue Star was 42 to 45 degrees. Under normal circumstances, they could withstand an ambient temperature of 71 degrees for an hour.

However, the prerequisite was a dry air environment. If the space environment was humid, the time limit would be different.

The humans on the Blue Star could last for ten minutes in a 110-degree dry air environment.

Of course, it would be a different state if he was thrown into boiling water.

The increase and decrease in the temperature of all Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators had increased by about five to ten degrees. Due to the different levels of evolution, everyone’s improvement was different.

However, it was extremely meaningful.

Before evolution, humans were at risk of death if they soaked in a liquid of about 60 degrees for more than five minutes. The death rate was as high as 98% if they soaked for more than half an hour.

However, cultivators at the Genetic Evolution Realm could jump around in a 75-degree liquid. They could also survive for half an hour in an 80-degree liquid.

As for the environmental temperature, it was even higher. They could survive at 150 degrees and harsh environmental temperatures or above minus 90 degrees.

Survival referred to not using special insulation equipment, such as combat uniforms. Moreover, even if some of his vital points were injured, he would not die immediately.

For example, the liver.

Those before the Genetic Evolution Realm whose liver was ruptured would definitely die if they could not receive effective treatment in a short period of time. However, after breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm, one would have a certain amount of survival time. They could even self-heal.

It could only be said that the Genetic Evolution Realm was only another huge step in the survival and adaptability of humans. It was only a foundation for humans to enter space and the universe.

The Genetic Transmutation Realm was the benchmark for entering space without equipment.

The ability of the Genetic Transmutation Realm to withstand extremely harsh environments was multiplied. Even without equipment, they could adapt to the harsh environments of most known planets.

The scientific explanation for the Transmutation Realm was to fuse and replace their main genetic chain with the human’s own genetic chain group to achieve a life form evolution.

This was the general outline!

This was also the source of the problems that many experts faced.

For example, reproduction.

After the fusion and replacement of the genetic chain group, reproduction would become even more difficult. However, because it was a fusion and replacement, there was no reproductive isolation between species.

This was also an important concept and theoretical foundation that the Blue Star newcomers insisted on. In the Great Genetic Age, all newcomers were only evolving, not a new species.

At the same time, this also gave humans an extremely powerful survivability.

For example, as long as his head and heart were there, he could survive.

This theory was more complicated. Xu Tui had also understood it through continuous self-learning.

However, Xu Tui really did not know about the quasi-planetary realm.

Xu Tui had asked An Xiaoxue, but she did not tell him. An Xiaoxue said that she had also evolved to the Transmutation Realm and did not understand the quasi-planetary realm. This should have been what Ji Qianli and He Yunfeng had told Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

Unfortunately, in the past two years, these two people had been letting their students study freely.

“Originally, this would be mentioned after your main genetic chain transmutation fused. However, you… I’ll mention it to you today. The quasi-planetary realm and the Genetic Transmutation Realm are actually a dividing line.” This time, Cai Shaochu really became Xu Tui’s teacher.

Before the quasi-planetary realm, be it the Genetic Transmutation Realm, the Genetic Evolution Realm, or the Genetic Mutation Realm, they were all self-evolution of humans. They were laying the foundation for entering space. Quasi-planetary was the first step humans took to shape themselves through power.

The concept of a quasi-planetary originated from the Spiritual Race. In the early years, the first batch of experts, such as Gavro and Cheng Fengxi, had tried their best to walk out of the solar system to perfect their cultivation theories.

At that time, the greatest enemy of the Blue Star humans was the invading Spiritual Race. It was more of a talk to use the enemy’s cultivation system to defeat the enemy. This included the current founder of the Genetic Miracle, Shang Long. To a certain extent, he was doing something similar.

Standing at different heights, they had different missions.

The support theory was very complicated by shaping one’s body through power. However, the definition of a quasi-planetary-level was very simple.

This so-called power referred to tangible power.

What did it mean to be tangible?

Before the quasi-planetary realm, be it the Genetic Evolution Realm or the Transmutation Realm, everyone’s strength was invisible.

Whether it was mind power, energy field power, or supernatural power that involved a single element, everyone was cultivating. Everyone was using it and launching the corresponding ability attacks. Everyone could sense the corresponding power in their bodies..@@novelbin@@