Chapter 959 -

Chapter 959: Interstellar Colonization and the Seven Sectors, One Organization (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lieutenant General Wei Binwei, the person-in-charge of the Huaxia Sector’s extraterrestrial affairs, had summoned Xu Tui to the underground fortress of the Moon’s Huaxia Sector’s general base.

The reason why they met in the underground fortress was that although the war had ended, the three-dimensional defense system that had been mostly destroyed on the moon had not been rebuilt.

Another reason was that the previous war had caused more damage to the buildings on the moon.

Nearly a third of the ground buildings in the Moon’s Huaxia Sector’s general base had been destroyed. They had already begun to repair and rebuild.

This was under the protection of Cai Shaochu.

Although Cai Shaochu was fighting for the entire Blue Star back then, it did not prevent him from fighting above the Huaxia Sector’s general base. He blocked most of the aftershocks for the base and even bought time for the ordinary staff to retreat underground.

For example, the India Sector was in a worse state because of the departure of Itavi.

Without the protection of the experts, the aftershocks of the battle between Planetary powerhouses flattened more than half of the buildings.

More than two-thirds of the buildings on the ground of the India Sector’s general base were destroyed. More importantly, more than 500 ordinary staff members in the India Sector’s general base had died because of the impact.

More than 50% of the general base of the American Sector had been destroyed. More than 300 ordinary staff members had died. What was more unlucky was that the water circulation purification system underground in the American Sector base had been destroyed like it had won a lottery.

As a result, the American Sector borrowed water from everywhere for half a month. Only when there was water did they start the reconstruction and repair project.

These casualties were not on the surface. However, only the various sectors knew if it hurt.

Xu Tui was not the only person in the meeting room that Wei Bin had summoned. Ruan Da, Li Shihua, Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, and the others had already arrived when Xu Tui arrived. When he saw Wei Bin summoning these people at the same time, Xu Tui already understood why Wei Bin was summoning them.

It was probably related to the development of the asteroid belt.

However, Xu Tui was a little puzzled. According to Old Cai, after the solidification and fusion of the quantum teleportation channel to the asteroid belt was completed, although the overall teleportation level had decreased because of the original Mars quantum teleportation channel and the energy supply of the asteroid opposite it, the teleportation level was still very high.

It could pass through Planetary powerhouses. The recovery period of the quantum teleportation fluctuation after passing through was 10 to 15 days. It would take about ten to 15 days to teleport a Planetary powerhouse.

The recovery period of the quantum teleportation fluctuations of quasi-planetary-level powerhouses was only a day. After a few weak quasi-planetary-level powerhouses were teleported, the recovery period of the quantum fluctuations might not even be a day.

The recovery period for quantum teleportation fluctuations after a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert passed through was even shorter. It usually took about 60 minutes.

One below the Transmutation Realm could run back and forth. In other words, the development of the asteroid belt this time should be dominated by Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

One could teleport 24 Transmutation Realm experts in a day. They would be able to complete the layout in eight to ten days.

Why did Lieutenant General Wei specially come to look for Genetic Evolution Realm experts like them?

Of course, this was just Xu Tui’s confusion.

It was not that Xu Tui did not want to go. On the contrary, Xu Tui had to go.

This was because according to the information that Old Cai had obtained, An Xiaoxue’s pioneer raid team was in the asteroid belt.

“Everyone is here. Have a seat. I’ll call Old Cai!”

After the few of them sat down, their sitting postures became different.

Xu Tui, Ruan Da, and Li Shihua were only sitting upright and casually, but Zhu Lang and Li Zhen were sitting upright. Their sitting postures displayed the demeanor of a soldier.

Thirty seconds later, a light lit up and a virtual projection landed beside Wei Bin. Cai Shaochu participated in the meeting in a long-range virtual projection mode.

“Principal Cai will introduce the situation to you first,” Wei Bin said.

“You are all the new generation of geniuses in the Huaxia Sector. I believe you have a guess! That’s right. You are here now for the development of the asteroid belt and the defense of the asteroid Planet Manut where the quantum teleportation channel is.”

The solidification fused at the other end of the quantum teleportation channel of the Mars crater and landed on the asteroid of the asteroid belt, Manut.

Manut was the name of a Planetary powerhouse from the Africa Sector who had died in the Moon’s defense battle. The Blue Star Genetic Committee decided to name this asteroid that humans on the Blue Star had stepped out of the inner solar system as Manut.

In memory of the sacrifice of Manut, a Planetary powerhouse from the Africa Sector.

There was no need to elaborate on the importance of the quantum teleportation channel on the Manut asteroid. If the Manut asteroid was lost or destroyed, humanity would return to pre-liberation overnight.

It was even worse than before it was liberated.

There were countless large asteroids around the asteroid belt. Next, after the @@novelbin@@

Blue Star humans arrived at the Manut asteroid, the six alliances would occupy

and develop the surroundings.

Yes, the six alliances collectively called future operations as interstellar colonization.

Interstellar colonization definitely required a large amount of manpower. Furthermore, it had to be the elite forces of the various sectors. There would only be more of them.

However, if the quantum teleportation channel on the Manut asteroid was destroyed or lost, these Blue Star elites who went to the asteroid belt to colonize would become interstellar survivors.

They would even be completely buried in the starry sky because they could not obtain the resources from their home planet. With current human technology, it would take more than 20 to 30 years for a space aircraft to fly back to Mars from the asteroid belt..