Chapter 957 - Chapter 957: Foundation And Cultivation (2)

Chapter 957: Foundation and Cultivation (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Investigate all of the immediate family members of these nine people immediately and compile the information. Then, wait for the official compensation list to be issued before conducting a long-term compensation,” Xu Tui said.

“They are all..

“Yes.”

“Brother Xu, don’t worry. I’ll definitely do this beautifully,” Zhuang Ziqiang promised.

“Yes, there can’t be any mistakes in this matter. The salary of the staff of the foundation can be appropriately higher, but there must not be any problems. If there are any problems with interception or other methods, I will definitely not let anyone off. You understand, these are all my comrades. Some people sacrificed themselves for me,” Xu Tui emphasized.

Zhuang Ziqiang was also solemn. He understood that this was Xu Tui’s reminder and warning.

“Also, there’s something else that you have to remember clearly. The nature of our Worldly Compensation Foundation’s compensation is not just long- term financial compensation. If there are any difficulties in their lives, you have to take the initiative to help them solve them!

“Men had sacrificed themselves in the extra-terrestrial. I hope that their wives and children will live a more comfortable life,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood. I’ll strengthen this immediately. However, in that case, the expenses…”

“Don’t mention the expenses to me. The key is to do things well! You know that some things are the bottom line. The bottom line is not to be touched.” “Brother Xu, don’t worry. I understand!”

Then, Xu Tui sent the names of He Xiaojun, Jin Zheng, and the sacrificed warriors that Zhou Chuan had given him.

The reason why Xu Tui had warned Zhuang Ziqiang several times was mainly because this foundation mainly operated on the Blue Star. Moreover, the people receiving the compensation were all orphans and widows. They did not have an effective channel to speak. If anything went wrong, they could only silently endure it.

After ending the call, Xu Tui felt relieved.

However, these were not the only warriors who died in the war. There were many of them. In this battle alone, two to three thousand warriors from the Huaxia Sector had died.

Although the official compensation was also very generous, there was still a difference in family situation.

Xu Tui will be planning this matter properly when he is free. He would give an additional compensation to the families of all the warriors from the Huaxia Sector who had died in extraterrestrial battles.

There was no need for much. Every person would receive an additional 1,000 to 2,000 yuan a month. Their living standards and sense of security would increase.

More than a year ago, when Xu Tui was still in Jincheng Prefecture, his parents’ total monthly income had just exceeded 10,000 yuan. Their lives were quite smooth. However, he still needed a more professional plan and team to realize this idea.

The Worldly Compensation Foundation had just been established. He would let it operate for a few months first.

“Ah Huang, help me monitor the database of the Worldly Compensation Foundation in the future. Let me know if you notice any abnormal data,” Xu Tui instructed.

“Don’t worry, hacking into such a database…”

Xu Tui’s face darkened before he could finish his sentence. “Is there a need to hack? I have the highest authority in the Worldly Compensation Foundation.”

“In addition, my compensation foundation wants to expand the range of compensation care to all the warriors of the Huaxia Sector who sacrificed themselves in the extra-terrestrial, so help me prepare the initial data and plan. Especially those ordinary soldiers whose families are relatively poor. Give me the information,” Xu Tui instructed.

“Okay, Xu Tui. According to my procedures, your actions are purely unnecessary. However, emotionally, I like your actions,” Ah Huang said.

“Yes, from this perspective, I hope to be a human and not an advanced intelligence.”

“You should… be!”

After dealing with these matters, Xu Tui went to Cai Shaochu’s Galaxy Spirit Research Institute and entered the research hall that Cai Shaochu used. He began to live a life like an ascetic.

The time every day was divided into two major areas: study and cultivation.

It was a fool’s dream to carry out Cai Shaochu’s unfinished experiment. Cai

Shaochu’s experiment record could not be understood by a hundred people.

The experiments here could be said to be the most cutting-edge experiments on the entire Blue Star. Most of the research methods involved were based on mind power and supported by scientific methods.

Xu Tui was very suitable for this. This was probably the reason why Cai Shaochu chose Xu Tui. Xu Tui’s mind power was very powerful. He also had the basic abilities of using mind power for research, such as mental perception, introspection, microscopic perception, and so on.

This was also the reason why Cai Shaochu did not consider Fang You, who was his assistant. @@novelbin@@

However, what Xu Tui needed to do now was to learn from the beginning.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have been able to understand the experiments on the spiritual box and the quantum array core that he knew.

In terms of cultivation, other than spending some time every day thinking about the problem of the sword, Xu Tui followed the method that Cai Shaochu had taught him to read ancient books related to the sword, write the word ‘sword’, and comprehend the word ‘sword’ during the process of activating the flying sword.

That was only part of it.

Most importantly, Xu Tui had already begun to explore the direction of strengthening his genetic base points and genetic ability chains to Level 4. Both the flying sword and the tangible mental body that Xu Tui had just transformed into could increase his combat strength.

However, the foundation of Xu Tui’s current combat strength was these genetic ability chains.

If the 72 -point Great Genetic Ability Chain could be strengthened to Level 4, it could increase and strengthen his mind power.

If the mental whip genetic ability chain could be strengthened to Level 4, Xu Tui could guarantee that his mental hammer would be able to affect quasi-planetary-level powerhouses even without the enhancement of the Fire Slip.

However, Xu Tui faced a choice in his current cultivation.

Before this, Xu Tui would first strengthen his genetic base points, then strengthen the chain. Then, he would strengthen his entire body.

However, Xu Tui only realized that he might have practiced it the wrong way when he broke through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Should he correct it now?

Other than strengthening the genetic ability chain in his body to Level 4, Xu Tui had undergone a lot of cultivation.

For example, the magnification and contraction of the mental body.

It was not difficult, but it was still very slow. Although this buff that was specially used to trick him was useless for a long time, Xu Tui still had to cultivate well for the time being. If this buff was not removed, he might lose his life!

There was also the cultivation research of the next ability of the School of General Senses. He had to continue developing the genetic ability chain of quantum entanglement energy teleportation.

Including the word-training mission given by Cai Shaochu.

Even though Cai Shaochu did not know if his ability could be replicated on Xu Tui, he still decided to try.

Xu Tui had set a very professional cultivation schedule for himself.

He implemented it firmly!

In the following period of time, Xu Tui entered the most arduous period of his life.

Due to the war, Xu Tui deeply understood that if he did not seize the time to improve himself when he had the time, he would not have the time when he needed it..