Chapter 954 - Chapter 954: You ‘Re Actually Such A Principal (2)

Chapter 954: You ‘re Actually Such a Principal (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, it only felt like it, but it was invisible.

Many cultivators who had activated their introspection abilities could not find this power even if they searched inch by inch in their bodies. Even though he knew that the energy field was in his dantian and that there was a vigorous power there, it could not be tangible.

The first step of a quasi-planet was to have tangible power.

Actually, it was just that a broad power would become tangible after being compressed and contracted. It would increase the overall ability to a certain extent. The principle was very simple. It was that the power was more concentrated and could be activated with greater power and speed.

This was only the most basic principle.

There was a deeper principle of quasi-planetary—adaptation to the universe!

What existed the longest in the entire universe? It was a star! It was the countless celestial bodies!

Therefore, the first step of the Transmutation Realm to step into the quasi-planetary realm was to materialize power. This tangible form depended on his preference. It could be in all kinds of shapes, or it could be an item that he liked. It was up to him.

However, its original intention was the stars, meteors!

In some races outside the Milky Way, quasi-planetary-level powerhouses were called meteor-level powerhouses.

Xu Tui’s current situation, especially the mental ball, was that his power had become tangible.

“Principal, does that mean that I can barely be called a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse now?”

Cai Shaochu shook his head gently. “How can the quasi-planetary realm be that simple! However, the materialization of power is only the first threshold of the quasi-planetary realm. Many Transmutation Realm experts would never be able to cross this threshold in their lives. If it was that easy, there wouldn’t be so few quasi-planets on the Blue Star now.”

“Then according to Uncle Pei’s performance, he can sense the aura of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse the moment I attack. This might be a little troublesome sometimes.”

Xu Tui raised his worries.

Originally, the enemy thought that Xu Tui was a cultivator at the Evolution Realm. However, Xu Tui’s true combat strength was at the Transmutation Realm. This was very good. He could trick the enemy.

However, now, Xu Tui’s aura was that of a quasi-planetary-level. However, his true strength was still at the Genetic Evolution Realm, and his combat strength was only at the Transmutation Realm.

As soon as he attacked, he attracted the enemy’s quasi-planetary-level or even planetary-level. That would be exciting.

Alright, others were tricking their seniors, but Xu Tui was tricking himself.

This was indeed a problem.

Currently, everyone placed great importance on the power of quasi-planetary-level and planetary-level powerhouses.

In Xu Tui’s current state, attacking was equivalent to adding a buff that was twice as difficult.

A buff that specialized in tricking himself!

“There’s a solution. It’s to disperse your tangible mental body first,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Disperse? Dissipate my energy?” Xu Tui was shocked.

“Have you read too many novels?” Cai Shaochu glared at Xu Tui. “If it can shrink, it can naturally disperse. However, after it disperses, the enhancement brought about by the tangible focus of the mental body will also disappear. You can condense it again when your strength improves and you’re not afraid of this buff.”

“This…”

Xu Tui instantly did not love him anymore.

The increase in strength was very obvious. The mental hammer had increased by 40 to 50% from 79 to 81 bars. The difference might be the difference between being able to threaten a quasi-planet and not being able to.

Xu Tui was not too willing to disperse it.

“Principal, is there anything else?”

“Of course. If you can understand my word ‘illusion’ , you can use one on yourself.” @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was speechless. It was equivalent to not saying anything.

Xu Tui frowned and thought hard for three seconds before he suddenly asked the principal, “You said that if it can shrink, it can spread out. Then I’ll try to familiarize myself with it and see whether I could quickly spread it out and contract it again. For example, when I need to increase my combat strength, I

could quickly shrink it into a tangible star in 0.1 seconds. What do you think?”

“This…” Cai Shaochu was a little hesitant. “It sounds feasible! However, this method is rather strange and useless, so no one has tried it before. You can try.”

“Okay.” Xu Tui nodded vigorously. “Principal, you said that the first requirement for a quasi-planetary is to materialize a star. Then what are the other requirements for becoming a quasi-planetary powerhouse?” Xu Tui asked.

“Let this tangible power body become the core of your life! Remember, it’s not just the power core. It’s the life core. What the life core means is that as long as a tangible power like you is still around, you are considered alive!” Cai Shaochu said.

“Just like Principal, you could still survive when you only had your head and heart left, right?”

“Yes! You’ll slowly feel these after you step into the Genetic Transmutation Realm,” Cai Shaochu said.

“By the way, Principal, what’s the situation after your Planetary realm power takes shape?” Xu Tui suddenly became curious.

“The so-called Planetary realm is actually related to the universe. Let me ask you, Mars is a planet, right?”

“Yes.”

“What about Phobos and Deimos?”

“It’s a satellite from Mars.”

“That’s right. That’s the current definition of a Planetary realm. They have power satellites. Having a few power satellites at the same time is also the standard for determining the strength of a Planetary realm powerhouse,” Cai Shaochu said.

“A satellite after the power became tangible?” Although he could think of this concept, it was still a novelty for Xu Tui to hear it for the first time. “By the way, Principal, can you give me a more specific image?

Xu Tui’s question made Cai Shaochu frown. “How about this? I’ll release my power outside my body. Take a look for yourself. Remember, it’s good to have a concept.”

Xu Tui was elated.

In the next moment, Cai Shaochu first typed the word ‘illusion’ and enveloped the room. Then, he closed his eyes slightly. In an instant, an extremely bright shadow jumped out of Cai Shaochu’s body.

It was a figure!

It was a cartoon version of Cai Shaochu. He had his hands behind his back and looked up at the sky. He looked very flashy. In the next moment, one after another, shadows jumped out of Cai Shaochu’s body. Five and a half of them jumped out in a row.

The first five figures were extremely dazzling, but the sixth one was a little weak. One leader and five half-satellites. When these lights and shadows jumped out, they were extremely glaring. They were so glaring that Xu Tui could not see them clearly.

However, he could clearly see the trajectory of these lights and shadows. Five and a half power satellites were all spinning around Cai Shaochu, who was looking up at the sky with his hands behind his back.

It was just like a satellite orbiting a planet in a fixed orbit.

A second later, Xu Tui’s eyes gradually adapted to the glaring light. He also saw the five and a half figures clearly. Then, he was stunned.

There were five beauties with different expressions and temperaments. There were long legs, huge big breasts, and a black-silk lady. What Xu Tui felt was the most exaggerated was that there was an old lady who clearly looked old.

Xu Tui, who instantly understood, was instantly stunned.

“Principal, you… You’re actually such a principal?”