Chapter 952 - Chapter 952: Without A Prefix And Suffix, It Has To Be Unique (2)

Chapter 952: Without a Prefix and Suffix, It Has to Be Unique (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In an instant, Pei Tiefeng rushed in the direction of the power fluctuation he sensed. However, the moment he rushed over, the power fluctuation disappeared.

A fleeting fluctuation? Did someone infiltrate?

Pei Tiefeng activated his energy perception and began to search inch by inch. Then, he noticed Xu Tui, who was in the training base. At the same time, Xu Tui also noticed Pei Tiefeng.

Xu Tui felt a little uncomfortable when he was probed by Pei Tiefeng’s energy perception. He still greeted him.

A minute later, Pei Tiefeng, who had searched but to no avail, left with a frown. Xu Tui relaxed after Pei Tiefeng left. He continued his test.

“Boss, the energy fluctuation is 81 bars. It’s almost 82 bars!”

Tri Ling Ding’s words stunned Xu Tui. Just now, Xu Tui had been a little autistic because the mental hammer had become a pocket-sized version of the mental hammer. Now, its power has increased to 81 bars.

It was two bars higher than the previous 79 bars.

According to the previous tests, an increase in the level of energy fluctuations was equivalent to an increase in power by 20 to 30%. This increase of two bars was equivalent to the increment by about 50% after compressing his mental body into a mental egg.

At this rate, if he used the mind power enhancement necklace and the red fire slip at the same time, he would definitely break through to 85 bars. Its power had reached the energy fluctuations of a quasi-planetary powerhouse.

“Could it be that the compression of the mental body caused my mind power to become lean and refined? The difference between fat and muscle?”

While he was puzzled, Xu Tui tested it again. This time, he tested the Mountain Formula and the Stab Formula. However, just as he threw out the Mountain Formula and the Stab Formula, Pei Tiefeng arrived again.

He had not noticed it before. Now, Xu Tui was stunned. What was Pei Tiefeng trying to do?

“Uncle Pei, what’s wrong? What’s the matter?” Xu Tui felt that it was not appropriate for Pei Tiefeng to speak to him.

However, what was not good for a Planetary powerhouse to speak?

Pei Tiefeng did not answer Xu Tui immediately. Instead, he continued to use his energy perception to search his surroundings carefully. Then, he frowned and said, “Xu Tui, did you notice anyone else here?”

“Anyone else?”

“That’s right. I sensed the aura of an unfamiliar quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. It flashed! It was in this direction. Even though I rushed over quickly, it disappeared. Did you notice anything?” Pei Tiefeng asked.

Xu Tui shook his head. “I was cultivating just now. I didn’t notice anyone else.” @@novelbin@@

“Okay, you should be careful. After all, this is wartime.” With that, Pei Tiefeng left.

Xu Tui had a suspicious expression. In that case, the first time just now was when Pei Tiefeng sensed the aura of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. However, Xu Tui’s mental perception was always on. No one else’s aura came over within a thousand meters.

Just now, he was the one testing his strength.

Could it be?

Xu Tui’s mouth formed an O shape. Could it be that his attack fluctuations had reached the level of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, causing Pei Tiefeng to notice something amiss? That was why he came twice.

However, the problem was that the energy fluctuations caused by the Mountain Formula and Stab Formula that Xu Tui had used in the form of the mental egg had only increased by two bars.

Previously, the Stab Formula had 75 bars. Now, it has 77 bars. More than 84 bars was the energy fluctuation of a quasi-planetary-level.

This was still far from it!

Moreover, the first mental hammer did not have any energy fluctuations that reached the quasi-planetary realm. But why did it attract Pei Tiefeng?

Xu Tui felt that he had to give it a try.

A minute later, Xu Tui used the Water Explosion Technique with the weakest energy fluctuations. However, it was activated 2,000 meters away.

In less than a second, Pei Tiefeng instantly appeared.

This time, Xu Tui was certain. It was indeed his power fluctuation that attracted Pei Tiefeng. However, Pei Tiefeng had said that it was the power fluctuation of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, but Xu Tui clearly was not, Strange!

After thinking about it for a while, Xu Tui sent Cai Shaochu a message.

“Principal, if you have time, I have a question that I want to ask you.”

“Just say it.”

“No, Principal. I feel that there might be a problem with my body and want to consult you in person. When do you have time?”

“You’re still at the Mars base?” ‘Yes.”

“Is your life in danger?”

“No, it’s just strange.”

“Wait. I have something on. I’ll visit you when I’m done. About tomorrow.”

Xu Tui was relieved when he heard Cai Shaochu’s words. However, the power fluctuations in his body were so strange now. It was not convenient for Xu Tui to continue testing or even cultivating.

In any case, a day would not be wasted. He could use this day to think about Cai Shaochu’s question.

What was a sword? What was the sword that Xu Tui understood?

To be honest, everyone could answer what a sword was. Wasn’t a sword a sword? A piece of iron that could kill? However, according to Cai Shaochu, he had his own understanding after jumping out of the concept.

Then what was a sword? What was the original quantum frequency of the sword?

Xu Tui fell into deep thought. He did not know if he did not think, but when he did, he realized that it was really a little difficult.

Wasn’t a sword a sword? It was an ancient killing weapon. The current flying sword was Xu Tui’s battlefield divine weapon. What else could it be? Or rather, what was its essence?

To be honest, Xu Tui had not carefully sensed the original quantum frequency of the flying sword after using it for so long.

Xu Tui sat cross-legged and placed the silver flying sword he was using between his hands. He activated his mental perception and began to use the method of the School of General Senses to sense the original quantum frequency. He alternated his microscopic perception and macroscopic perception to find the original quantum frequency of the sword.

The larger the type of original quantum frequency, the easier it was to sense it.

For example, the original quantum frequency of mountains, the original quantum frequency of human life, and the original quantum frequency of water. These original quantum frequencies were like the trunk of a large tree. They were relatively easier to find.

The original quantum frequency of a small classification was like a small branch on a large tree or a small sapling. It was harder to find.

Of course, there were many factors that affected the discovery of the original quantum frequency. Familiarity was also an important factor.

Xu Tui was extremely familiar with his flying sword. It could be said to be at his disposal. However, as time passed, Xu Tui did not find the original quantum frequency of the sword.

Fortunately, meditation made Xu Tui extremely patient. He was neither anxious nor impatient. He slowly sensed and searched. After all, it was very slow to find a certain type of original quantum frequency.

It was normal for him to not be able to find it for a few months, let alone a few days.

“You’re going in the wrong direction. A motionless sword is only an object, not a sword! The sword is a killing weapon! If it’s not to kill, it’s not a sword!”

This was Cai Shaochu’s voice.

Cai Shaochu was here.

Xu Tui opened his eyes and quickly stood up. Unknowingly, another day had passed. However, Xu Tui had no results with regards to the sword.

“Don’t be anxious. If you can find your own Sword Dao in a day or two, Old Shang, Old Ji, and the others will be embarrassed to death! Think slowly. Remember two key points!

“The first key point was that humans were great because they could always stand on the shoulders of their predecessors to learn, research, and develop.

“The second key point was a miracle! Why did you Genetic Miracles have to use the word miracle? It would be a miracle if one could what others couldn’t! The key to a miracle was the mindset. Only then could you walk your own path! Only then could you guarantee that in the future, you would only be Xu Tui, not Xu Cai Shaochu, and not Xu Shanglong.

“Moreover, the reason why I put in so much effort on you is that I think that you might become a unique Xu Tui. There are not any prefixes or suffixes. Do you understand?” Cai Shaochu said.

“I have to walk my own path? To become the unique Xu Tui?” Xu Tui did not quite understand. This was the first time Cai Shaochu had given him a clear but vague direction on his cultivation path.

“There’s no need to deliberate about it. But you have to remember that others will always be the most suitable for others. Yours will always be the most suitable.” After saying that, Cai Shaochu did not dwell on this question. He said directly, “Tell me, what’s wrong with your body?”

Xu Tui explained the situation to Cai Shaochu. The way Cai Shaochu looked at Xu Tui instantly became stunned and strange..