Chapter 950 - Chapter 950: Strength Test And Compression

Chapter 950: Strength Test and Compression

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If the white light spot was the power of the Silver Spirit Box that had been absorbed, then the rolling white fog should not be pure mind power.

That was because Xu Tui had absorbed the power of the Silver Spirit Box before. His mind power did not increase significantly after he absorbed it.

From Xu Tui’s observation, the white fog seemed to have expanded after the white spots of light fused into it.

Mental body? Xu Tui could not be sure.

Not long after, the power in a Silver Spirit Box was completely absorbed. The size of the rolling white fog that Xu Tui could see with his introspection had also increased by about 20%. The concentration of the white mist also increased slightly.

Xu Tui thought for a while but to no avail. He simply took out the second Silver Spirit Box and absorbed it. No matter what the white fog was, it was true that absorbing the Silver Spirit Box could increase his strength.

Half an hour later, the power in another Silver Spirit Box was completely absorbed. The range of the white mist increased by more than 10%.

The increase should be the same. However, the base number had increased.

Xu Tui tested it himself. The size of the mental hammer had increased again. It had become the size of a watermelon. Previously, it was only slightly larger than a pineapple. Its size had increased by more than half. Its power had definitely increased. However, Xu Tui did not know how much it had increased.

Xu Tui did not have a very obvious reference for his current strength because of the different cultivation methods.

This gave Xu Tui a headache.

Find someone to try? He had to be at the powerful Genetic Transmutation Realm or the Mystery Branch. Otherwise, there might be a problem once he was hammered.

After all, before he absorbed the power of the Silver Spirit Box, Xu Tui’s mental hammer had already knocked out most of the Mystery Branch Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. The weaker ones might even have fainted on the spot.

He felt that the increase was not small. How could he take responsibility if an ordinary Transmutation Realm expert was hit and a problem occurred?

To be honest, Xu Tui did not dare to attack even if An Xiaoxue was standing in front of him. He needed a very strong person to be a reference for Xu Tui’s strength.

For example, Shamera.

Or could it be that only experts like Mr. Ji and Mr. He could be unaffected by Xu Tui’s hammer?

Xu Tui felt that he was being a little disrespectful. Why did he keep thinking about hammering his teachers?

“Boss, actually, you can use me up if you want to test your strength.” Just as Xu Tui was frowning with his ability, Tri Ling Ding suddenly spoke.

“You? Your original main body can test my strength level, but it’s still far away on the moon. I’m on Mars now. I’m afraid it will take a few days to return to the moon,” Xu Tui replied angrily.

“Boss, I’m afraid you’re mistaken about a problem! The original main body of the Ling Clan that split me out is no longer me. The current me is referring to my Tricolored Ling!” Tri Ling Ding said.

These words sounded a little confusing. Xu Tui was stunned for a few seconds before he reacted.

“You? Are you saying that you can help me test my strength level? That’s not possible, right? You’re so young. You can’t be hammered, right?” Xu Tui questioned.

“Boss, it’s not that I want to say this, but my body is actually very strong. It’s much stronger than the original body on the moon. Even you humans can’t kill the original body of the Ling Clan on the moon, let alone my Tricolored Ling, which has a higher bloodline level. Not to mention the Blue Star humans, even the Spiritual Race can’t kill us,” Tri Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui was stunned. “Is it real?”

“Of course, the difference between me and the original Ling on the moon is actually in terms of energy. Give me some Origin Energy, and you can hammer me all you want. If I die, it’s on me! Moreover, I also have the energy fluctuation level data set by your human race in the Ling’s body on the moon. It’s even more accurate than that!” Tri Ling Ding said.

“Are you serious?” Xu Tui was a little confused by how serious Tri Ling Ding was.

“Of course! Our Ling Clan is extremely difficult to kill! Under most circumstances, you can only silence us and let us sleep, but you can’t kill us.”

“Damn, you can’t be killed? If your Ling Clan is so awesome, wouldn’t you have dominated the universe long ago? How could you be captured by us humans? How could you still be controlled by me?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled.

Tri Ling Ding’s tone became a little strange at this moment, or rather, depressed. “Boss, perhaps this is the price of choosing an evolution direction. In terms of evolution, we chose a tough and solid body that is almost impossible to kill and a lifespan that you can’t imagine. However, we lost most of our attacks…”

“You have other means of attack?”

“Of course, but…

Tri Ling Ding did not say anything. It seemed to be unwilling to mention this. Xu Tui did not ask further.

According to Cai Shaochu, the Ling Clan must have a secret. However, the Ling Clan had this characteristic. They could not be killed. Other than letting them gleen. thpv were harelv a threat Thev were almost nnt threatened at all

Therefore, they had to slowly swallow their secrets.

The more proactive you were, the more motivated it became. If you did not ask, many things might be revealed as you got along.

What happened today was a good start.

“Then I’ll try. How many Origin Crystals do I need for the test?” Xu Tui asked.

“One test only consumes one gram of Origin Crystal. It’s very little,” Tri Ling Ding quickly said.

“You need a gram every time?”

Tri Ling Ding quickly nodded.

Five seconds later, Xu Tui looked at the few grams of Origin Crystals that he had just taken out. He was silent for a few seconds before putting them back into the Dimensional Quantum Chain.

Tri Ling Ding was stunned. What was going on? “Boss, what are you doing?”

“The consumption is too great. Wouldn’t it consume dozens of grams of Origin Crystals if I tested it ten to twenty times? I’ll go back to the moon to test it again. With my individual rights level, the current energy fluctuation testing device on the moon is free. I don’t have to spend a single cent. I can test it as I please,” Xu Tui said.

Tri Ling Ding fell! It screamed in despair in its heart.

How could he be so stingy!

How could he be so stingy?

Could he be any more shameless?

“Boss, why don’t… why don’t I suffer a little? You can test it twice with one gram of Origin Crystal.” Tri Ling Ding hesitated.

“Twice?”

“Yes, give me a gram of Origin Crystal and blast me twice. I’ll give you the accurate energy fluctuation level. If there’s a mistake, you can explode or let me sleep!” Tri Ling Ding said.

After considering it for three seconds, just as Tri Ling Ding thought that Xu Tui was about to nod, Xu Tui shook his head again. “It’s still too wasteful! A gram of Origin Crystals in cash would cost at least a few million. My parents’ current standard of living would not cost more than a few million in ten years. It hurts to waste it like this!”

Tri Ling Ding was really in pain. Was it easy for him to find an opportunity to make some extra money and improve himself?

“Three times, three times per gram, Boss!”

Xu Tui glanced at the Tri Ling Ding in his hand. “Five times. I think five times is about enough.”

This number made Tri Ling Ding almost autistic. Could he not be so precise? After five times, he would basically run out of money! However, mosquito meat was still meat. Facing a stingy person, Tri Ling Ding felt that he could not let go of any opportunity to accumulate.

Otherwise, when would he be able to see the light of day and regain his freedom?

“Boss, so be it. Come on, I can lose some money for you!” Tri Ling Ding looked stern.

“Why don’t you lose more?” “Boss, just let me sleep!”

“Tch!”

In the empty training field on Mars, Xu Tui blasted Tri Ling Ding more than ten times in just three seconds.

Mental hammer, mental whip, flying sword, three-spiral flying sword, Mountain Formula, Stab Formula, Water Explosion Technique. Mental hammer, mental whip, Mountain Formula, Stab Formula, and so on in the state of energy teleportation. @@novelbin@@

Soon, Tri Ling Ding reported the data to Xu Tui.

The mental hammer had 79 bars.

However, the mental hammer was not the strongest. The strongest was still the flying sword. The energy fluctuations of the flying sword in its triple spiral state were 80 bars.

This data surprised Xu Tui, but it was within his expectations.

This data had actually been displayed in the previous battles. The Full Frequency Energy Testing Device on the moon was a major realm of energy fluctuation every 21 bars, and a level every 3 bars.

The 21st bar was the energy fluctuations of a high-grade Level S Genetic Liberation Realm. The 62nd square was the energy fluctuations of a mid-grade Level S Genetic Evolution Realm.

The 79 bars for the mental hammer represented the energy fluctuations that Xu Tui had unleashed. It was the energy fluctuations of a low-grade Level A Genetic Transmutation Realm.

From this point of view, the attack power of Xu Tui’s mental hammer had already reached the level of a top Genetic Transmutation Realm expert.

In fact, the energy fluctuations of most Genetic Transmutation Realm experts’ attacks could not reach Level A.

Some of the attack energy fluctuations of experts who had just broken through to the Transmutation Realm would stay at the Level S Genetic Evolution Realm for a period of time.

The attack power of the flying sword was another level stronger than the mental hammer.

The mental whip was the weakest, only 70 bars.

The energy fluctuations of the Mountain Formula, Stab Formula, and Water Explosion Technique were 74, 75, and 71 bars respectively.

The other thing that surprised Xu Tui was the weakening of energy teleportation. All attacks that used the quantum entanglement state energy to teleport had their energy fluctuations weakened by one to two bars.

The mental hammer and mental whip’s pure mind power attacks were the least weakened. It was only weakened by one bar. The Mountain Formula, Stab Formula, and Water Explosion Technique would be weakened by two bars when they were undergoing energy teleportation attacks.

The test had originally ended here.

However, Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. What about the enhancement of the red fire slip and the mind power enhancement necklace?

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui was a little stunned when he got the results. The increment of his mind power enhancement necklace was 18%. Based on this, his strength had increased by nearly 20%.

However, during the test, when he used the mind power enhancement necklace to activate the mental hammer and the Mountain Formula with all his might, the energy fluctuations of his ability only increased by one to one and a half bars.

The maximum energy fluctuation emitted by the mental hammer was close to 81 bars. He had yet to reach the Level S Genetic Transmutation Realm.

What about the red fire slip? In any case, there was no battle today. It was not a

big deal to test it out after using it once.

“I gave you a total of four grams of Origin Crystals. There’s one last time. I’ll test it.”

“Alright!” Tri Ling Ding agreed readily.

In the next moment, a red light surged out of the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind.

The mental hammer suddenly expanded and smashed down.

In the next moment, Tri Ling Ding cried first. “Boss, this hammer is too abnormal. One hammer is equivalent to two to three previous hammers. I’ve lost out!”

“How many bars?”

“It just broke through to 84 bars, but it hasn’t broken through to 85 bars yet,’ Tri Ling Ding cried.

84 bars meant that the power unleashed by the mental hammer with the red fire slip was that of a high-grade Level S Genetic Transmutation Realm. It meant that he could unleash the strongest combat strength in the Transmutation Realm.

At this point, Xu Tui had a plan.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui switched back to introspection. Under his introspection, a white mist the size of half a room was surging. Xu Tui did not discover anything special after observing it for a long time. It just looked like cotton candy.

“How about pinching and compressing it?”

Xu Tui suddenly had a strange thought. A huge cotton candy could be compressed to the size of a soybean. What about this?

He would only know after he tried!

Xu Tui, who had already learned to think outside the box, began to try to compress the rolling white mist..