Chapter 969 - Chapter 969: First Battle With The Great Xi Clan (2)

Chapter 969: First Battle with the Great Xi Clan (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Even though they knew that there were quasi-planetary-level powerhouses among their opponents, no one panicked.

All of them were under the command of their old team members and preparing for battle according to Commander Xu Tui’s instructions.

Mu Xingluan and her classmates began to put on armor for everyone to strengthen their defenses. @@novelbin@@

“I’ll lead the way,” Zhou Chuan volunteered.

Xu Tui thought about it and closed his eyes slightly. Under his introspection, he quickly contracted the cloud-shaped mental body in his mind and turned it into an egg-shaped Star Core mental body.

At this moment, he could not hide it. When his fingers touched the disc, the rhythm inside the disc became stronger.

Five minutes later, a powerful aura suddenly spread out from the disc.

Below the disc, which was also the interior of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base, a tall man whose entire body was extremely linear and mechanically beautiful suddenly appeared with a huge circle of light.

As the energy in his body continued to output, dense spots of light suddenly appeared in the circle of light. There were nearly a hundred of them.

A minute later, all the spots of light turned into Great Xi people of different colors and extremely mechanical beauty.

“Lord Lavis, you’ve worked hard.” The moment the shorter Great Xi member successfully warped, he led the others to bow to Lavis. He looked rather gentlemanly.

“Klen, check the base. I discovered dozens of life fluctuations outside the entrance of the base. They seem to be small insects of an alien species. However, they were all very weak. Only one is comparable to you. The rest are all low-level creatures at the Evolution Realm. I need some time to recover the energy I expended…”

As Lavis instructed, Klen bowed again and said, “Commander, as you wish. I’ll

immediately bring people to check on the functional situation of the base before dealing with the small insects outside the base. Commander, please calm your mind and recover your energy.”

“Wait!” Lavis, who had just closed his eyes and began to extract the stored energy in the six-square crystal body, suddenly had waves of light and shadow surge out of his body. His handsome and demonic face frowned. “This life fluctuation… is from the Blue Star Humans?”

“Oh my god, did I obtain… the blessing of the Goddess of Luck?” Lavis suddenly opened his eyes. The fatigue between his brows was gone.

“The Blue Star Humans?” Klen was also stunned. “Sir, we actually encountered the Blue Star humans in the vast universe?”

“I have the same thoughts as you. It’s true! This is definitely a gift from Patronus! This is definitely the compensation for our hard expedition!”

Lavis was really a little excited.

As a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse, he knew very well how much the Great Xi Clan had paid to return to the Blue Star. Now, he had actually encountered the Blue Star humans just like that!

If he could find them and trace them to the Blue Star, with this contribution, he might even become a consul in the future, let alone an executive officer!

Even if he could not find the Blue Star, it would be a great contribution based on these Blue Star humans who emitted powerful primitive life fluctuations. He would definitely be able to be promoted to an executive officer in the future. “Quick, check the situation of the base and confirm the time of the next warp beacon.”

“Sir, it’s already being searched. The warp beacon is being recharged, but the base lacks an effective energy reserve and relies on nature to recharge. The next time the quark particle jumper is activated might be in years. It is recommended that we use our reserve energy to recharge and activate the quark particle jumper in a short period of time,” Klen said.

“Alright, but my suggestion is to take down this group of Blue Star humans while charging the quark particle jumper. Contribution points are what you get!” Lavis said.

“Sir, your will is our order!” Klen was very happy. He would have to do something for Lavis.

“I think Executive Günter should also know the good news immediately. Otherwise, he won’t be happy,” Lavis said.

“Sir, I’ll report to Executive Günter immediately.”

“No, I’ll do it. I want you to completely search the base and open the door of the base within three minutes!”

“Don’t worry, Sir.”

There was a delay in Lavis’s report to Executive Günter from a distance.

Therefore, Lavis only reported it and did not receive a response from Günter.

But in these three minutes, Klen had perfectly completed Lavis’s mission.

Although this base had been in a deep sleep for a hundred years, the Great Xi Clan’s exports had always been top-notch.

As the saying went, ‘a long history makes a new’—not really.

But it was definitely durable.

Other than the lack of energy, everything else in this base was intact.

Three minutes later, Klen replenished a portion of his energy with the backup six-sided energy body. At the very least, it would not be a problem to open the base’s door.

“Sir, it’s ready to attack at any time!” Klen said.

“Okay, don’t be in a hurry to attack later. These Blue Star humans are very weak and won’t be able to run far! However, in the information, they are very cunning, but they are afraid of death! Therefore, I want to talk to them first and see if any of them defect!” Lavis said.

“I understand, Sir. As long as someone defects, I’m afraid it won’t be too difficult to find the Blue Star!”

“Activate it!”

The moment Klen nodded, he pressed on the door of the base.

As it was too old, the activation process was a little bad. The rumbling sound was accompanied by a large amount of dust.

However, Lavis directly erected an energy barrier that isolated all the dust. Amidst the dust, Lavis slowly rose out of the base with a huge circle of light.

“Attack! ”

The dozens of Blue Star humans on the other side suddenly launched all kinds of attacks on Lavis, who was the first to rise.

Including those technological creations.

The corners of Lavis’ mouth curled slightly at this. These Blue Star humans with weak aura fluctuations did not understand how powerful he was.

“Hey, friends from the Blue Star, actually, I don’t have any ill intentions. We can talk…” Lavis greeted the other party in his friendliest tone and the common language he had learned in the past.

However, a black ball that was blasting at them interrupted Lavis’s voice.

Lavis frowned slightly. He had detected radioactive substances with extremely strong energy fluctuations in this black ball. They could injure him. He had to destroy it first!

“You reckless things. It’s only because you’re valuable!” As he muttered, a net-like energy light instantly appeared in Lavis’ palm. However, at the same time, an extremely powerful quasi-planetary fluctuation suddenly erupted on the other side.

In an instant, Lavis was shocked by this quasi-planetary fluctuation. A mental hammer slammed into Lavis’ head at the same time. Lavis’ mental body swayed, and the net-like energy that had just surged out of his palm dissipated.

In the next moment, the three-phase thermal bomb was instantly detonated.

“No! Klen, who had rushed out from behind, roared in despair.

On the other side, the flames of the red fire slip that had just completed the mental enhancement hammer slowly dissipated..