Chapter 960 - Chapter 960: Interstellar Colonization And Seven Sectors, One Organization (2)

Chapter 960: Interstellar Colonization and Seven Sectors, One Organization (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This was purely calculated based on data and if they did not encounter any accidents on the way, such as meteorite rain, solar storm, and particle storm.

Therefore, the Manut asteroid is extremely important.

Currently, the Blue Star Genetic Committee has already confirmed the defense plan of the Manut asteroid. It was necessary for a Planetary powerhouse to guard it.

Anyone who wanted to reach the Manut asteroid and then go to the vicinity of the asteroid belt to develop alliances and forces had to stationed a Planetary powerhouse and four quasi-planetary realm powerhouses on the asteroid.

At the same time, the guards of these Manut asteroids would implement stricter management.

For example, during the previous battle of the Moon Guards, Itavi and Haren, who were guarding the Moon, left without permission, causing the Moon to almost fall and the death of Manut.

They had already been severely punished after the incident. However, the substantive punishment was only to compensate a portion of the Origin Crystals and resources to the Africa Sector.

In addition, the American and India Sectors each took out 3% of their share of the Mars base and transferred it to the Africa Sector.

The other punishments were some verbal attacks.

However, the defense system of the Manut asteroid had learned its lesson from the Moon. Moreover, the Manut asteroid would become the frontline of humans on the Blue Star for a long time to come.

Therefore, the system was extremely strict and implemented military regulations. The six alliances and The Myth collectively signed the military regulations on the Manut asteroid. Those who violated them would be punished according to military law.

The targets of military punishment included Planetary powerhouses.

On this point, all the Planetary powerhouses in the six alliances who could be contacted also signed an asteroid defense regulation. Whoever violated it would be the public enemy of the Blue Star.

The six alliances or other alliances would attack together. The strictest rule in the regulations was that a Planetary guard was not allowed to leave the Manut asteroid without orders.

The management of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse was relatively broad. However, the current quasi-planetary-level powerhouses on the Blue Star were no longer enough.

This was especially so after a total of 43 quasi-planets had died in battle. This was close to a quarter of the total number of quasi-planetary-level powerhouses recorded on the Blue Star.

In the defense of the Blue Star, the Moon was always the first.

In the previous Moon defense battle, it had also proven that the enemy could place their elite forces near the moon at any time. Therefore, the Moon’s defense could not be reduced.

Mars is as important as the Manut asteroid.

The only good news was that Mars was interconnected with the Manut asteroid because of this quantum teleportation channel. In an emergency, the teleportation of a heavyweight Planetary powerhouse could determine the outcome of the battle. @@novelbin@@

For example, Erera.

Under such circumstances, the Planetary and quasi-planetary powerhouses on the Manut asteroid became a deterrent force. Then, the main pioneering forces would be Genetic Transmutation Realm and Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators.

Then the question came.

At least 24 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could pass between Mars and the Manut asteroid in a day. However, the quantum teleportation channel between the Moon and Mars could not pass through Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

The various sectors on the Blue Star had already urgently mobilized hundreds of Transmutation Realm experts from the Blue Star to gather on the Moon.

However, they needed to take the sky shuttle to Mars from the Moon before they could pass through Mars to the Manut asteroid.

The quantum teleportation channel of the Moon and Phobos had become the greatest restriction to development.

This batch of Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, including the time they took to gather, was estimated to take about five months to reach the Manut asteroid from Mars and Moon.

These five months have become very important.

Pioneer was not waiting for anyone. There were countless large asteroids around the asteroid belt. Currently, they are unowned. Some asteroids were extremely valuable, while others were worthless.

However, no matter what the situation was, if the six alliances rushed over now, they would activate flag-laying mode.

Whoever snatched it first would get it.

Under such circumstances, elite Evolution Realm experts had to go over and snatch the territory.

After careful consideration, Wei Bin felt that the three special forces and the military battle team from the Huaxia Sector who had participated in the space invasion last time had performed very well. Moreover, they had already established trust and understanding with each other. This pioneering mission would belong to them.

There was no need to mention Zhu Lang and Li Zhen from the military battle team. Soldiers had the duty to obey orders.

Wei Bin was mainly asking for the opinions of the three special forces, Haotian, Worldly, and Taiyi.

“Yes, that’s the basic situation! However, there’s something I have to explain to you in advance. Think about it. The situation of the Manut asteroid and the surrounding asteroid belt might be extremely complicated. The situation you have to face is also the most responsible.”

As he spoke, Wei Bin projected a few images.

“You will face three problems or enemies.

“The first enemy is naturally the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Fission Race, and the Dissimilate Clan under the Spiritual Race. There was evidence that the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Fission Race, and the Dissimilate Clan had a large number of resource planets in the asteroid belt.

“At the same time, I want to emphasize that the Spiritual Race is not an alliance with us, much less a truce. The state of truce had already ended when Lei Tian left the Manut asteroid.

“Next, in the asteroid belt, our battle with the Spiritual Race and their vassals will be the norm!” Wei Bin said.

“The second enemy is still uncertain. However, in the previous intelligence, other alien species had appeared in the asteroid belt. For example, the Ling Clan captive on the moon had been captured from the asteroid belt. It was said that there were figures of the Great Xi Clan, but we had never seen them before. Of course, it might also be because the terrain of the asteroid belt is extremely complicated.

“The third enemy is… ourselves!”

Wei Bin’s words stunned Xu Tui, Ruan Da, and Li Shihua.

“General Wei, what do you mean? The third enemy is ourselves?” Li Shihua asked.

Xu Tui understood a little.

“Heh, you should have heard of the internal strife of the six alliances. In the past, you could only cause trouble on the Blue Star and the Moon. Later on, when we occupied Mars, there were a few trends of a civil war in the six alliances, but they were ultimately suppressed.

“Whether it was Mars, the Moon, or the Blue Star, their territories were too small to cause trouble. However, the asteroid belt is different. There are thousands of planets and meteorites of all sizes. Some had precious resources, some were trash, and some had precious production. Moreover, they were all ownerless lands.

“The Blue Star had extremely poor communication and control over that place. Due to the benefits, the possibility of a direct conflict would increase by a hundred times. Do you understand?” Wei Bin said.

“By the way, the reason why I said that it would be more complicated over there is that the situation is more complicated.

“As one of the Blue Star organizations, The Myth has the condition of sending out a Planetary and four quasi-planetary powerhouses. Coupled with the contribution points from guarding the moon, as a legal organization, they will also step onto the Manut asteroid and join the ranks of the asteroid belt.” Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat.

Was The Myth, a public welfare organization, walking towards the frontline of interstellar colonization? In terms of identity, he could be considered one of the members of The Myth.

“Don’t underestimate The Myth. The Myth has already begun to integrate the non-governmental organizations of all sizes in the Blue Star. The Myth will probably have similar power to the six alliances in the future,” Cai Shaochu added.

“One organization and six alliances. Seven groups fighting?” Ruan Da suddenly said.

“No, eight,” Wei Bin said.

“In the Huaya Sector, the Yamato Sector, the Korean Star Sector, the Sing-Malaysia Sector, and other districts have joined forces to send Planetary and quasi-planetary guards to the Manut asteroid in the name of the Huaya Sector. They have also obtained the right to develop the asteroid belt,” Wei Bin added.

Everyone was slightly stunned, but when they thought about it carefully, it was actually quite normal. If the Yamato, Sing-Malaysia, and Korean Star Sectors did not even fight for this, they would basically not have another chance to develop after this opportunity.

“Therefore, the future situation of the asteroid belt will be seven sectors and an organization. It might be more than that!” Cai Shaochu sighed. “That place will also become a paradise for ambitious people.”

Wei Bin smiled bitterly. “Information is that complicated! Think about it..

There are no hard requirements for whether you want to go or not!”