Chapter 966 - Chapter 966: Land Of Opportunity And Swinging With The Situation (1)

Chapter 966: Land of Opportunity and Swinging with the Situation (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Commander-in-chief, the signal sent back shows that the Great Xi’s quark particle jumper has already begun to work. It proves that the Great Xi has already discovered the Great Xi’s ancient base on Asteroid Number 122. Do you want to implement the next step of the plan?” At the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base, Lei Qian contacted Lei Tian again.

However, Lei Tian did not answer. Instead, he asked, “How many life fluctuations have we detected from the signal transmitter we placed above? How long until the self-destruction is activated?”

“Commander-in-chief, the signal transmitter we placed on Asteroid Number 122 has a weak detection function. Currently, the number of human life fluctuations detected on the Blue Star is relatively small.

“According to the parameters, there should not be more than 50 life fluctuations on the Asteroid Number 122. In addition, the self-destruction program of the signal transmitter had been activated. It would take about five minutes to complete the particle self-destruction and turn into dust. We will only be able to discover it if the higher-ups of the Great Xi Clan personally arrive.” Lei Tian asked a question. Lei Qian could understand Lei Tian’s intentions and give a deductive answer.

This was also the fundamental reason why Lei Tian liked Lei Qian. Not only could she do it, but she was also very capable!

“In that case, continue to give them more information and activate the second step of the plan. At the same time, order Lei Hong’s assault team to set off and arrive nearby to await orders. Then, they would act and set up according to the plan. After this ‘abysmal victory’, we should be able to pass the test of the Sanctuary,” Lei Tian said.

“If Lord Lei Hong comes, Planet Charon will be a little empty. Especially Lord Lang Fanyun. He has been very puzzled recently and has been investigating the matter of Lang Ju being imprisoned,” Lei Qian said.

“Get Lei Zhen to bring people to Planet Charon. Get him to keep an eye on Lang Fanyun!” As he spoke, the corner of Lei Tian’s mouth was filled with coldness.

After the previous defeat, they had lost too much strength and were short of manpower. Planet Charon could not be in chaos, be it for the Spiritual Race or his forward operating base. Otherwise, he would have dealt with Lang Fanyun long ago.

Previously, it was Lang Ju from the Water Sect who guarded Ceres Star. However, Ceres Star was the key to all the current plans, so Lei Tian had long taken down Lang Ju.

“Sir, if Lord Lei Zhen leaves, the Ceres Star will temporarily be guarded by Lord Diwu Hui of the Fission Race.” Lei Qian was actually reminding Lei Tian.

This reminder gave Lei Tian a headache. Previously, he was only the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base. He did not have too many selfish motives, so the management was very smooth.

But now, in order to protect himself, he had the thought of raising bandits to respect himself, especially in order to hide his defeat, he had done many unspeakable things.

These things had to be done by someone he could absolutely trust. Those who could be absolutely trusted were the members of the Thunder Division.

Everyone was united. However, there was an extremely limited number of

Planetary and quasi-planetary experts in his Thunder Division.

Lei Zhan had died in battle.

Of course, there were candidates, but they were a little weaker in terms of strength.

“Let Lei Ye bring Lei Gen over. Although Lei Ye is a quasi-planet, he doesn’t have enough strategic awareness. Let him encounter more trouble and discuss it with Lei Gen. I’ll call him myself later,” Lei Tian said.

“Yes, I’ll arrange it. Commander-in -chief, we have to mobilize the exploration troops of the Blue Star humans next to increase the scale of this battle. I need to contact Black Hole and Dawn, so I need your communication authorization, ” Lei Qian said. @@novelbin@@

“Okay, the communication support has been delegated to you. You just need to contact Black Hole. We still have to rely on Dawn,” Lei Tian said.

This explanation made Lei Qian a little puzzled.

Last time, Dawn’s actions were almost a betrayal. It could be said to be one of the fundamental reasons for the Spiritual Race’s defeat.

For this reason, after returning, Lei Tian’s anger was like thunder. There were several times when he publicly announced that he would capture Dawn if he had the chance in the future and turn it into ashes.

It was obvious that he hated Dawn.

At this moment, it was a little contradictory to say that he mainly relied on Dawn Salvation.

“Sir, didn’t you say that Dawn is no longer loyal to us and has betrayed us? Why are you contacting him now?” Lei Qian was puzzled.

“Dawn has never been loyal to our Spiritual Race. What he is loyal to is only his or their interests!” Lei Tian let out a long sigh. He had only seen through this after experiencing Dawn’s betrayal.

Unfortunately, it was a little late.

Otherwise, there was a possibility of avoiding defeat in the last Battle of Mars.

“Don’t worry and contact Dawn. As long as he smells benefits, Dawn will come over like a dog!”

“Understood, Commander-in-chief.” Lei Qian nodded obediently. Then, she made a heart with her hands. “I miss you. Come back quickly. I want a hug!”

Seeing this, Lei Tian laughed heartily but shook his head. “I miss you too, but I don’t dare to hug you. What if I can’t help it…”

“You’re annoying!” Lei Qian pouted coquettishly. In her uniform, she instantly became gentle and flirtatious. “Come back early. If you can’t help it, I can…!”

On the moon, in the newly built quiet room, Itavi frowned slightly. It was not the faint roar of a machine outside, but an email. It was an email address that had been disguised through layers of jumps.

There were two lines of code in the email.

After translating it with the code book, the contents made Itavi frown.

This email address, which had been changed through layers of disguise, was one of the regular contacts between Itavi’s identity as the Black Hole and the Spiritual Race’s Lei Tian..