Chapter 961 - Chapter 961: Old Cai ‘S Crazy Plan

Chapter 961: Old Cai ‘s Crazy Plan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the meeting room, Xu Tui, Li Shihua, and Ruan Da did not speak immediately. Instead, they were thinking.

For example, Xu Tui would definitely go. However, with what identity would he go? Who would control him and listen to him after he went?

Freedom of movement and discretion were all very important. This did not only involve benefits, but also life and death.

“General Wei, I want to know what kind of identity we will be going as. Will we be under military control and act according to military orders? Or?” Xu Tui asked directly.

He had to ask these things in person. Even if Old Cai was here, he had to ask them clearly. After all, this involved military law.

Military law was merciless!

“As usual, in the name of the special forces! You are not affiliated with the military, but you have a cooperative relationship with the military.

“Of course, the Huaxia Sector will provide you with logistics, a resting base, and replenishment of equipment and resources. Therefore, sometimes, there are some operations that require your cooperation.

“If you discover a resource-rich asteroid and successfully occupy it, you will have a share of the profits after the development.” As he spoke, Wei Bin pushed a document toward the three of them. “We’ve already considered your worries. There’s everything you’re worried about and want to know in this document.

“Take a good look. Ask me if you have any questions,” Wei Bin said.

The document was very thick. It was dozens of pages and listed more than 200 questions. It basically involved all kinds of problems and unexpected situations.

“We can fire at the people from the other sectors?” Li Shihua suddenly asked after he finished reading.

“Sure, if you think it’s necessary! Of course, you still have to consider the basic big picture. However, your safety is the most important thing,” Wei Bin said.

“Kid from the Li family, go back and ask your father. Your father is a pro at this! If you really attack, remember not to leave behind any video evidence. If there is, don’t let it be sent back! Of course, it would be fine even if it was sent back. As long as you don’t return to the Blue Star.” At this moment, Cai Shaochu did not look like a principal at all. However, these few words displayed the bloody forest rules of the asteroid belt in the future.

Li Shihua nodded gently.

This document called the exploration regulations for the asteroid belt listed many things in detail. For example, benefits and contribution points!

Other than territory, the Huaxia Sector did not care about the other gains. Of course, some of the resources provided by the Huaxia Sector were also priced. However, many of the contents of this document were not the final explanation. The situation in the asteroid belt was unknown and could change at any time.

In short, in the development of the asteroid belt, the Huaxia Sector would be their solid backup.

The three special forces would have a transcendent status in the asteroid belt. In the future, if they established an integrated colonial base in the asteroid belt, the special forces could have their own independent base.

There were many benefits, but there were few restrictions. Other than life and death, there was no other reason not to go.

However, after Xu Tui finished reading it carefully, he vaguely felt that the meaning of the Asteroid Development Ordinance might be extraordinary.

But Xu Tui could not tell where it was with his current horizons.

“General Wei, I have no problems with that, but whether or not the members of the special forces are willing to go depends on their willingness! In addition, my special forces need to recruit some new members. There are too few people.” Xu Tui was the first to decide.

“You can add new members, but the qualifications have to go through a double review by the Special Intelligence Division and our military. In addition, if you need it, our military can provide you with some logistics personnel or disabled veterans. These people might not be perfect in terms of abilities, but they are definitely loyal!” Wei Bin said.

“The most important thing is that all of them are from Huaxia!” Cai Shaochu added fuel to the fire.

“No problem. We need doctors, maintenance engineers, liaison officers, and so on after we stabilize ourselves,” Xu Tui said.

Whether it was Li Shihua or Ruan Da, they would go as long as they were not extremely afraid of death. It was impossible for such an elite to be extremely afraid of death. Of course, it was hard to say how many of their members were willing to go.

However, just like the Worldly Special Force, Taiyi and Haotian also had to increase their membership.

“Alright, do you have any other questions? If not, you can go back and prepare! We’ll rush to Mars from the Moon in two days. We’ll set off for the Manut asteroid in five days,” Wei Bin said.

“General Wei, I have two questions,” Xu Tui said again.

“Speak.”

“I want to know about the current situation of the Pioneer Raiders. Can we still contact them?” Xu Tui asked.

At the side, Old Cai glared at Xu Tui. Xu Tui ignored him. There were some things that Xu Tui was worried that Old Cai would hide from him.

“The Pioneer Raiders have been maintaining a long-range contact with the

Moon. It was interrupted for a few days previously, but it has recovered now.

“There were casualties in the Pioneer Raiders and they encountered unknown enemies. However, the casualties were not large. It was fine in the Huaxia Sector. They already had a preliminary sound shelter. However, this news was from 15 days ago.

“The communication between the Pioneer Raiders and the Moon is delayed by 15 days at a time,” Wei Bin said.

“I know what you’re worried about. Next, searching for the Pioneer Raiders is also one of the missions to develop the asteroid belt. According to the feedback from the Pioneer Raiders, the planet they are on seems to be more important,” Wei Bin said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. This was good news.

“What about your second question?

“General Wei, can you give me a list of the soldiers who died in the Mars and Moon battles?” Xu Tui asked. @@novelbin@@

Wei Bin frowned. “Why do you want this?”

“I have a compensation foundation. I want to give their families more compensation.”

“The Genetic Committee has compensation here, and it’s very generous.”

“General Wei, I have no intention of adding to it. Previously, several soldiers sacrificed themselves to protect me. I just want to do something for these people! Coincidentally, I gained a lot during the space invasion last time. I can’t spend the valuable currency on the Blue Star. I might as well take it out and do something meaningful,” Xu Tui said.

Wei Bin was silent. The matter of private compensation for the soldiers who had died in battle…

“General Wei, I came from the bottom. My foundation won’t give them much compensation. It should be 1,000 to 2,000 yuan a month per family member. The families of the sacrificed warriors are different. I went on the battlefield with those comrades. I want to do something for them,” Xu Tui said.

“Count me in. I would have forgotten if you didn’t mention it. I have some spare monev on the Blue Star. I don’t need it in the extra-terrestrial! It would probably not happen in the future. If I inject 500 million yuan, can I be your honorary president of the Worldly Compensation Fund?” Cai Shaochu suddenly narrowed his eyes and smiled.

Since Cai Shaochu had spoken, Wei Bin naturally could not refuse. “I’ll give you a document when we’re done.”

Cai Shaochu’s powerful intervention gave him an answer to this matter. Xu Tui’s actions had obtained the approval of the military to a certain extent. With this relationship, it would be more convenient for the Worldly Compensation Foundation to deal with the lousy matters in some places in the future. They would also have more confidence.

Xu Tui and the others left. When they parted ways, Li Shihua gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up.

Xu Tui only smiled at this.

In the meeting room of the underground fortress, Cai Shaochu’s projection and Wei Bin did not leave after Xu Tui and the others left.

“Old Cai, you’re injecting too little. It’s only 500 million. You should inject 10. No, you should inject 1.2 billion.” Wei Bin suddenly smiled.

“Get lost! Where can I get 1.2 billion? My 500 million is my retirement money. However, seeing that the asteroid belt is being developed, I basically don’t have time to return to the Blue Star to spend it. Why don’t I distribute it to those who need it?” Cai Shaochu said.

“Therefore, you have to invest 1.2 billion.”

“But I don’t have it. Are you going to give me the 700 million that I’m short of?” “I’ll give it!” Wei Bin nodded seriously. Cai Shaochu froze.

“I have some assets on the Blue Star. I don’t have the time to spend money all these years. It’s a waste to keep them. As you said, I might as well take them out. I’ll gather 700 million for you. You can invest it together,” Wei Bin said.

“No, this is a good thing. Why didn’t you invest alone? Why in my name…”

“I’m a lieutenant general! I’m General Wei!”

“Uh, that’s true. Remember, you owe me dumplings. This is my hard work fee!”

“I’ll wrap it up for you one day!”

“You said it!” “As long as you dare to eat it.”

“Scram, shameless…

“Old Cai, do you think the asteroid regulations are too open this time? Is it right or wrong for us to do this?” Wei Bin’s gaze suddenly landed on the asteroid belt development regulations on the conference table. His gaze was deep and far-reaching.

“In the 5,000 years of Huaxia, can you be wrong about the expeditions of those kings? Even if it’s Yang Guang, the so-called tyrant, who went on three campaigns to Goguryeo, can you say that it’s wrong?” Cai Shaochu asked repeatedly, but he answered his own questions.

“Actually, right or wrong is between victory and defeat! What if Yang Guang had won three battles in Goguryeo back then? He might be the first emperor to expand the territory of Huaxia! Now, how could there be a chance for Koreans to jump?

“We should leave the merits and demerits for future generations to comment on. What we have to do now is to let the Huaxia Race step out and spread the seeds! No matter how many ambitious people it produces, as long as they are from the Huaxia Sector, no matter how ambitious they are, they will always be from the Huaxia Sector…” Cai Shaochu sighed softly.

Wei Bin fell silent. “I agree with your idea, but I still feel that your idea is a little… crazy…’

“Crazy? The solar system is huge, the Milky Way is larger, and the universe is almost endless. It can accommodate a few ambitious people and lunatics. If you weren’t the one persuading me, I would want to issue a few privateering licenses unique to the Huaxia Sector!” Cai Shaochu smiled.

“Yes, it can tolerate it! However, we have to prioritize the strengthening of the local area. As for the privateering license, don’t mention it again. No!”

” Boring: ‘

Cai Shaochu curled his lips. The virtual projection instantly disappeared.

In the temporary base of the Worldly Special Force, Xu Tui gathered the members who were cultivating diligently. Then, he announced the development of the asteroid belt.

“I’ll emphasize it one last time. This is not a military order. It’s up to you whether you want to go or not. If you’re unwilling, you can withdraw now. No one will blame you,” Xu Tui said.

“Withdraw? If there are really people who don’t dare to go, they won’t participate in the space invasion, right? Going to the asteroid belt to develop should be much more fun than a space invasion.

“Oh my god, I can name the newly discovered asteroid! I would directly name it as Old Cui asteroid. Or the Cui Dawg asteroid! Haha, Commander, I can’t wait!”

Xu Tui glared at Cui Xi. Cui Xi was becoming more and more unrestrained. Xu Tui would definitely suppress him.

“Commander, I have a question. Can I return even if I go?” Mu Xingluan suddenly asked.

“Of course! You can even be given a military rank!”

“As long as I can come back, I’ll go!”

A minute later, everyone agreed. Just as Cui Xi had said, they were all people who dared to participate in the space invasion. There was no reason not to go to the development of the asteroid belt.

“In that case, hurry up and prepare. Recently, new members have applied to join us. Hurry up with the review of the information and interviews. At the same time, prepare the combat supplies. We’ll set off for the Manut asteroid in five days,” Xu Tui said..