Chapter 962 - Chapter 962: Set Off And The Abnormal Movement Of The Fire Slip

Chapter 962: Set Off and the Abnormal Movement of the Fire Slip

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The recruitment of the members of the Worldly Special Force had actually started on the moon after they returned from the last space invasion. @@novelbin@@

The weakness of the Worldly Special Force had been exposed during the last space invasion.

There were too few members.

Of course, it was not an announcement to the public. Instead, the members of the Worldly Special Force would choose their targets through their social connections. Even if the Worldly Special Force increased their membership, they would still take the premium route.

With the results of the Worldly Special Force’s previous space invasion, it would not be a problem to recruit hundreds of people as long as they sent a notice.

However, Xu Tui did not want to expand so quickly. The word ‘comrade’ was very tenacious and heavy.

Therefore, Xu Tui chose to choose the additional members through the limited internal channels.

The social circle of elites was often filled with elites.

The members of the Worldly Special Force were mainly from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College, and the Caiyun Prefecture Genetic Evolution College.

Caiyun Prefecture was a local genetic evolution college, while the first two were the top three genetic evolution colleges in the Huaxia Sector.

The members recruited from these two Genetic Evolution Colleges were naturally not bad. Their future growth was also very high.

Moreover, the school was relatively clean and had simple social relations. There was no need to worry too much about other problems.

Basically, it was a way for students to contact each other.

Xu Tui had thought that he would be able to pull a few or even a dozen people over. However, under the small-scale notification, there were more than 300 people who signed up.

It was like a student bringing more students, who brought more students.

The Moon and Mars battles affected the Blue Star and became one of the catalysts. Moreover, this was under Xu Tui’s condition.

In principle, the new members had to be cultivators at the Genetic Evolution Realm. If they had special abilities, their cultivation evolution level could be relaxed.

However, Xu Tui’s previous plan was that the newly recruited members could first head to the Moon for training through the channels of the Worldly Special Force. Then, they could nurture their extraterrestrial combat abilities step by step.

However, the situation had changed. The Worldly Special Force was going straight to the asteroid belt to fight.

They were fighting under unfamiliar and complicated conditions.

A slight mistake would result in life and death.

On the battlefield, life and death were determined by fate. Even someone as strong as Cai Shaochu could not dominate everything. So he had to choose carefully before the battle. Otherwise, it would be murder if he brought a student to the asteroid belt.

“Old Cui, there’s a new rule. Those who have not experienced survival training on the moon will be eliminated first. Those who have participated in the battle on Mars will be prioritized.” Xu Tui added another threshold for the new members.

Cui Xi and Zhao Hailong frowned. “Commander, many of the students who signed up are actually very outstanding. Their actual combat abilities are also very outstanding. However, before this, not many students in the school could experience survival training on the moon.

“Moreover, it’s easier for these students to integrate into us and be more trustworthy!” Zhao Hailong said.

“Going to the asteroid belt is a war. There’s basically no time for them to grow and adapt.” Xu Tui sighed.

“Why don’t we set up a reserve team? We’ll gather those students who are outstanding and very suitable for the extraterrestrial survival training. But we won’t let them participate in the battle. We’ll let them train on the moon first. They’ll head to the asteroid belt after they complete the training and pass the assessment,” Luo Murong said.

Luo Murong’s words made everyone’s eyes light up. Xu Tui also smiled.

Murong did not talk much. Most of the time, he was an audience. However, as long as he opened his mouth, he would have golden ideas. The best thing about this plan was that it could guarantee that the Worldly Special Force would be replenished by new forces in the future, especially when needed.

“I think so, but why don’t we change the name? The reserve team feels a little…” Yan Lie said.

“Let’s call it the reserve team of the Worldly Special Force for the time being.

Murong will be in charge of this matter before we head to the Manut asteroid.

“As for the rest, I will entrust the military to find a suitable instructor to help us train the newcomers so that they can complete the comprehensive extraterrestrial survival training,” Xu Tui made the final decision.

“Commander, let’s not talk about the number of people in the reserve team first. If we include the condition of Moon survival training, 90% of the 300-odd people who have signed up will be eliminated. I’ve just screened them. With this, there are only 31 people who meet the requirements,” Cui Xi said.

“Commander, we want to know if these 31 people will all be recruited or continue the screening,” Zhao Hailong asked.

“There are two more rounds of screening. We’ll first screen them based on the actual combat videos, battle results, and ability directions they reported. Then, we’ll screen them based on their social background. What we need are comrades that we can absolutely trust.

“Finally, they would be reported to the Special Intelligence Division and the military for the final background check. The temporary increase in the number of people is between 10 and 20. It can be small but not excessive,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, for the specific candidates, if two of you recognize their strength, they can join the list first.”

Xu Tui made the final decision.

Just like that, the recruitment of the Worldly Special Force began. However, Xu Tui was used to leaving everything to others. He cultivated for another four days.

On November 19th, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Yan Lie, and Cui Xi came to see Xu Tui again. They brought the information of the new members and the members of the reserve team over and asked Xu Tui to do the final screening.

There were more members in the reserve team than Xu Tui had imagined. There were 64 of them.

The Evolution Realm accounted for half of the elites in the Mutation Realm.

Among the elites in the Mutation Realm, most of them were from the Mystery Branch and had special abilities. The newly selected members were screened according to the conditions. There were 21 of them.

“All 21 of them passed the review of the Special Intelligence Division and the military?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, we reported a total of 22 people. One of them was rejected by the Special Intelligence Division and the military for some reason. He said that he’s not suitable to go to the asteroid belt for the time being. He’s a classmate from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College,” Cui Xi said.

“Since the Special Intelligence Division said it’s not appropriate, it’s not.”

Xu Tui looked at the list carefully. He had seen all of these people’s battle videos.

Among the 21 students, Mu Xingluan had a classmate who was also from the Caiyun Prefecture Genetic Evolution College. Yang Huai had pulled five students from the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College. All of them were from the Extreme Branch and all had military ranks.

Students from the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College would be awarded titles as long as they went to the extra-terrestrial to participate in actual combat. Usually, they would be managed militarily.

The other 15 people were all from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

However, Xu Tui saw familiar faces among the students from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Dai Lijun!

The original second-year dragon, the current third-year dragon of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Dai Lijun!

He was a little surprised. To be honest, Xu Tui did not have any ill feelings toward Dai Lijun. Back then, it was just a small conflict within the school.

“Commander, Dai Lijun asked me to bring you a message. He wants to look for Mr. Wen and asks you to bring him along. He knows that you will definitely look for Miss An,” Cui Xi said to Xu Tui.

“Are you afraid that I won’t want him? Am I that petty?” Xu Tui smiled. Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Cui Xi, and Luo Murong did not speak.

Xu Tui sweated profusely. What the f*ck? Was he petty?

Other than Dai Lijun, there were also a few familiar names on the list. Two of them had even been severely injured by Xu Tui in the Longhu List. Most of them were fourth-year students from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. A small number of them were third-year students.

“There are 21 new people. That’s quite a lot. They’re all on the moon, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“They’re all here. We can set off at any time.”

“Then from tonight onwards, we’ll head to Mars in batches. In addition, if there are more people, the team of our special forces will have to be more detailed. There are not many people at first, so I have no problems controlling everyone alone. Shall we split into a combat team?” Xu Tui said.

“So a team has ten people as a unit?” Yan Lie asked.

“There are too many. It has to be beneficial to mobility and have flexibility. The team is limited to three to six people. The combination of the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch has to consider the cooperation of their combat abilities.

“The four of you are all vice-captains. Yang Huai, Mu Xingluan, and Miao Huanshan are the captains of the special combat team. The other old members are all Level C members. The reserve team is a Level F member of the Worldly Special Force. The new member is a Level E member.

“Hurry up and choose the distribution. Complete the team configuration before we head to the Manut asteroid,” Xu Tui instructed.

“What about you, Commander? Do you want to lead a team alone?” Zhao Hailong asked.

“No need. I’ll be alone. I’ll be transferred at the last minute if I need to.”

“Okay!”

This time, the expansion of the Worldly Special Force was quite large.

The number of official members had doubled from 11 to 32.

However, all of the members came from the top Genetic Evolution Colleges and were elite geniuses to begin with. Their combat strength was not a problem. The only problem was their adaptation and long-term fusion.

Xu Tui had already invited Lu Kang, an instructor from the Huaxia Sector of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, to train the 64 members of the reserve team.

The training cycle was one and a half months. Members who passed the combat assessment could prioritize heading to the asteroid belt.

As for the various expenses, most of them were borne by the Huaxia Sector.

On November 20th, a total of 32 members of the Worldly Special Force gathered at the Mars crater base.

After half a day of emergency training and familiarization, on the afternoon of November 21st, the Worldly Special Force officially set off from the Mars base as an independent special force to the Manut asteroid.

The smoothness of the teleportation was extraordinary since it could pass through a Planetary powerhouse.

Cultivators at the Evolution Realm like them took five seconds to complete the teleportation. It was very fast.

As the regiment commander, Xu Tui was the first to step out and head toward the Manut asteroid.

Of course, the current Manut asteroid was still very safe.

However, the moment Xu Tui was teleported by the quantum teleportation channel and landed on the Manut asteroid, the fire slip on Xu Tui’s head suddenly flashed with a faint red light.

Xu Tui was stunned..