Chapter 967 - Chapter 967: Land Of Opportunity And Swinging With The Situation (2)

Chapter 967: Land of Opportunity and Swinging with the Situation (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The last time they were on Mars, they had further communication, even though the final deal had failed because of Xu Tui.

However, they agreed on more contact details. Moreover, the reason why the previous deal had failed was because of Itavi. Itavi had not taken Xu Tui down.

Otherwise, a deal could be reached.

The contents of the email were very direct.

The email said that there was an asteroid in a certain location. There was an ancient base related to the Great Xi Clan on the asteroid. Lei Tian hoped that Black Hole could occupy or destroy it. He should be able to gain something.

It also brought along a relative location coordinate. However, the space coordinates of this relative location could only last for five days at most. After five days, this asteroid would deviate from the coordinates because of its constant movement.

Itavi frowned at this. He was not stupid. The Spiritual Race was not stupid. They would not give him any benefits.

The Spiritual Race must have sent him this information to use him to achieve some goals. For example, destroying the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan? Or had the Great Xi Clan already appeared in the asteroid belt?

Or perhaps the Spiritual Race had a deeper motive. @@novelbin@@

There was a high chance that the Spiritual Race wanted to use him.

That was clear to Itavi.

But just because he could see it clearly did not mean that Itavi could ignore the information. Both the Great Xi and their ancient bases were extremely tempting to Itavi.

The Great Xi Clan was also a powerful alien race. In the past, they had briefly appeared in the solar system and were one of the enemies of the Spiritual Race. Their technology level was far higher than that of the Spiritual Race and the Blue Star humans.

The enemy of an enemy was a friend.

What if he could come into contact with the Great Xi Clan?

That meaning was very important to him, Itavi, and the India Sector.

Including the ancient base.

Even without the Great Xi Clan, once they obtained this ancient base, it meant that certain aspects of technology in the India Sector might have a leap in development.

He was certain that there was a motive behind the information sent by Lei Tian. However, behind the risk, it also represented benefits and gains. There were even huge opportunities hidden.

If he had come into contact with the Great Xi Clan earlier, then…

Suddenly, Itavi understood why Lei Tian had sent him such an intelligence email. He had read his mind.

Danger and opportunity had always coexisted. There were too few things like taking the benefits without taking the risk.

Moreover, this information made Itavi suddenly realize something.

Opportunity!

The future asteroid belt might be filled with countless opportunities.

Continuing to stay on the moon was probably a very low-class action.

Ten minutes later, Itavi suddenly made a decision—he was going to the asteroid belt. To achieve this goal, Itavi invited Nilab from the India Genetic Committee.

To be honest, Nilab had not done well in the past year. His position was about to fall. However, he obtained Itavi’s approval and support. There was no need to question the influence of Itavi, the guru of the India Sector.

Only then could Nilab continue to be responsible for the affairs of the India Sector in the extra-terrestrial. Furthermore, his right to speak was even stronger than that of the Blue Star.

Of course, Nilab had also paid the price—that was to suck up to Itavi!

The last time Itavi, the Moon Guardian, left at will, Nilab had turned a blind eye. Otherwise, Nilab, the person-in-charge of the India Sector, would be the first to step forward and stop him.

And now, this licking continues.

“Guru, if you want to go to the Manut asteroid, you have to solve the problem of replacing the garrison. You have to find another Planetary powerhouse to guard the moon on your behalf. Because of the last incident, this became a must,” Nilab said.

“I’ll solve that problem. I’ve already contacted Nort. He’ll come and defend me,” said Itavi.

“That’s not a problem. I’ll inform everyone immediately. As long as Mr. Nort arrives, you can set off for Mars. I’ll arrange an extremely comfortable Aerospace Combat Jet for you. The journey will take about five months,” Nilab said.

“An ordinary Aerospace Combat Jet would be fine. Fill it full of phosphorus oil,” said Itavi.

“Guru, are you planning to rush over quickly?”

“That’s right. Therefore, inform our garrison, Asid, of the Manut asteroid. When the time comes, I’ll go over and replace him. Also, I’ll bring a few students over,” said Itavi.

Nilab would not have been worthy of his position if he did not have a sense of politics.

“Guru, why are you in such a hurry?”

“This is exactly what I want to tell you. My student, Rotamund, has been exploring the universe, as you know. A few days ago, he discovered a very important piece of information and sent it back to me.

“The risk was very high, but risks and opportunities coexisted. At the same time, this discovery also made me realize that the asteroid belt might be a key location and node for humans on the Blue Star to make a breakthrough.

“If our India Sector wants to rise up, we have to do and gain on the asteroid! Therefore, I’ve decided to head to the asteroid belt personally!” Itavi had a stern expression.

Nilab stood up. After straightening his clothes, he knelt down with a great bow and kissed Itavi’s bare feet. “It’s a blessing for the India Sector to have a guru!

“It is also because there are people like Guru who care about the future and wholeheartedly seek the welfare of our India Sector that our India Sector can jump out of the quagmire. In the future, we have the possibility of dominating space. Guru, on behalf of countless people in the India Sector, I thank you for your efforts. ”

Itavi stroked the top of Nilab’s head with his palm. “As long as the India Sector can be powerful, I’m willing to give up everything! I’ve already told you the information. Do as you think! Don’t be afraid of failure and danger!

“Only those who did things could accept the possibility of failure and victory.

Those who spoke empty words would always speak empty words! Remember, I’ll always be behind you!” Itavi said softly.

“Thank you for your trust, Guru. I’ll arrange the relevant matters immediately.” Nilab bowed again before leaving.

At the same time, in an unknown mysterious base, Aurora was on the phone with Dawn.

“Boss, I just received a piece of information from the Spiritual Race. We have the intention of spreading the news that there are benefits over there. However, it did not give us any benefits.”

“Have you analyzed it?” Dawn asked.

“The Spiritual Race has a conspiracy and might want to achieve some goals. They have the intention of using the Blue Star humans. I’ve already sent you the original text of the information,” Aurora said.

“This information… I’m afraid that no matter which alliance it is, they will go crazy! Even if there is a hole, they will jump in. Contact them. Remember to sell it for a good price! It seemed that the Spiritual Race had begun to accept our repositioning. In that case, we’ll play this role well and wait for the next chance to jump,” Dawn said.

“Boss, I think that the Spiritual Race is plotting something. If we’re not careful, the losses of the various sectors will probably not be small, right?” Aurora said worriedly.

“Even you can tell. Do you think the people in charge of the various sectors can’t tell? However, in the eyes of many people, as long as it’s a valuable sacrifice, it’s worth it. Human lives are very important in the eyes of the leaders of the various sectors. However, sometimes, they are not as important as you think,” Dawn said.

“Alright, Boss. I just feel that the last time we stood on the side of the Blue Star humans…”

“Have you seen the floating beacon in the sea?” Dawn suddenly asked.

“I have.”

“Fixed pillars in the coastal area will be destroyed by the wind and waves over time. They often need to be repaired or even rebuilt. But what about the floating beacon? It swayed with the waves and allowed the storm to overturn the sky. It still existed! Follow the situation. This is our position. Only then can we survive!” Dawn said.

“Boss, I understand. Should the power over there…”

“Of course we have to inform them. We might obtain great benefits.”

“Got it!”

In the next half an hour, the people in charge of the various alliances received a mysterious transaction request from the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

Trading items was an important piece of information..