Chapter 965 - Chapter 965: Lei Tian’S Strategy And Expedition Base

Chapter 965: Lei Tian’s Strategy and Expedition Base

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Just as Xu Tui and the others were beginning to explore the suspected artificial creation discovered in the unknown asteroid, Lei Qian, who was at the Spiritual Race’s forward operating base with her lower abdomen slightly arched, suddenly smiled when she received a message. She immediately contacted Commander Lei Tian and had a video call with him.

“One of the three asteroids that we agreed on previously has already been discovered by the Blue Star Humans. They have already come into contact with the seal,” Lei Qian said happily.

On the video call, Lei Tian looked a little tired. He had suffered heavy losses from the last surprise attack on Mars. As the commander-in-chief, he had to give the Sanctuary a reasonable explanation.

The invasion of the Blue Star humans into the asteroid belt was only a relatively heavy reason. However, its greatest use was to make the battle at the forward operating base tense. Even if the Sanctuary was dissatisfied with him, they could not change commanders at the last minute.

The humans on the Blue Star did not understand the meaning of their entry into the asteroid belt, but the Sanctuary did.

However, that was not enough.

If he wanted to continue stabilizing his position and completely explain his previous failure, he needed other incidents to happen.

Lei Tian had been busy with this matter for the past few days. It was actually very tiring to fake it and make it look real. However, when he saw Lei Qian, especially her protruding lower abdomen, Lei Tian felt a hundred times more energetic.

He had looked forward to this child for more than 20 years.

Those who had not experienced such a long waiting period would not be able to understand his desire for a child. Especially as he got older, his desire for bloodline became greater. Even the experts of the Spiritual Race only had slightly longer lives.

Permanent life was a legend even within the Spiritual Race.

“Which asteroid is it exactly?” Lei Tian looked at Lei Qian’s lower abdomen. He had a stubble and asked with a smile.

“Asteroid Number 122, this asteroid was temporarily occupied and operated by the Great Xi Clan a hundred years ago. After that, it was cleaned up by our troops and remained idle. However, the positioning facility had always been intact.

“Previously, according to your plan, you could quickly pull the Great Xi Clan into the battle circle and let them be the enemies of the Blue Star humans. At the same time, we will also hand over the ironclad evidence that the Great Xi Clan has become active in the asteroid belt to the Sanctuary,” Lei Qian said.

At this point, Lei Qian heaved a sigh of relief.

The humans of the Blue Star would at most delay the time for the Sanctuary to change the commander-in-chief of the forward operating base. However, the Sanctuary’s considerations became even more complicated when the whereabouts of the Great Xi Clan appeared in the asteroid belt.

The Great Xi Clan was currently in constant battle with the Spiritual Race in the Milky Way. If the Great Xi Clan could stabilize their footing in the solar system, with the characteristics of the Great Xi Clan, they would pose a huge threat to the Spiritual Race.

Under such circumstances, as long as Lei Tian was a little tougher, the Sanctuary would not be able to replace him for a long time.

Under such painstaking management, everything would be different.

However, before they completely succeeded, they still had to walk on thin ice.

“Then continue to follow the plan. Stagger closely and order the Thunder Division’s assault team to be prepared to attack at all times. We need a huge victory! A victory that can make the Sanctuary happy!” Lei Tian said.

“Don’t worry, Commander-in-chief.”

Lei Qian was also very happy.

While Lei Tian and Lei Qian were very happy, the Worldly Special Force encountered a problem in the exploration.

The huge disc with a radius of 50 meters on the ground of an unknown asteroid had been tested by various means and confirmed by the researchers accompanying it that it was indeed an unnatural product.

It was alloy.

It was extremely hard and resistant to corrosion. It looked more like a wall or a door that could not be opened.

There was also a similar alloy material underground. Their preliminary estimate was that it might be the ruins of an alien civilization.

This was a shocking discovery.

The ruins of an alien civilization often represented huge gains.

There was no need for much. As long as a portion of the samples could be obtained, it might greatly enhance the technology of the Blue Star humans.

For example, after half a day of research, the researchers, including Xu Tui, Luo Murong, and the others who had a certain level of research, discovered a shocking fact.

The level of alloy displayed by this disc was actually a little stronger than the most widely used Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy on the Blue Star.

In particular, its sturdiness, toughness, and recovery performance were slightly stronger than Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

It had to be known that the Blue Star could only produce Level E and Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloys themselves. Level C and Level D Mechanical Spirit Alloys depended on seizures.

Xu Tui’s current combat uniform was also customized from Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy.

Such a large disc was even stronger than Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy. How many combat uniforms could he make if he brought it back?

Most importantly, other than the disc with a radius of 50 meters that could be seen with the naked eye, there were also more alloys underground.

If these alloys could be used to make interstellar combat uniforms, it would instantly increase the number of soldiers in the Huaxia Sector by tens of thousands.

However, the problem was that the current equipment was extremely difficult to cut. Moreover, what if it was a base below?

After studying it for a while, everyone said, “Commander, should we touch the energy fluctuation under the disc?” Yan Lie asked.

Xu Tui was not the only one who noticed this energy fluctuation. Many people could sense the energy field after they landed.

“The safest way is to send a message to Commander Cheng and ask him to send someone over to study it,” Zhou Chuan suggested.

“Commander Cheng is also a commander without any power now, right? Other than soldiers, there are almost no elite forces that he can mobilize,” Cui Xi said.

“Let’s continue exploring. I’ll use my mind power to come into contact with it first, then see if I can obtain more information. Even if the Huaxia Sector sends a research team, if we can obtain more information, our future research operations will be more targeted,” Xu Tui said.

Soon, everyone agreed with Xu Tui’s decision.

Under everyone’s gazes, Xu Tui’s mind power once again passed through the thick disc and touched the energy fluctuations below the disc. @@novelbin@@

In Xu Tui’s mental perception, the energy seemed to come from an object. Everyone who had sensed it previously thought that this might be a switch. It was very likely the switch to activate this disc.

Perhaps because it was too old, it lacked Origin Energy.

Xu Tui carefully used his mind power to slowly sense the energy. He wanted to see if he could find something similar to a switch based on his previous judgment.

The moment Xu Tui’s mind power touched it, the energy suddenly dissipated. Almost instantly, an indescribable isolation spread out from the entire disc.

More than half of Xu Tui’s mental perception was severed. His mental body swayed slightly. The others also noticed the abnormality and explored. They immediately revealed shocked expressions. “Eh, this disc has actually isolated the energy field power?”

“My mind power has also been isolated.”

Xu Tui also frowned. His mental perception could no longer pass through. Even his mind power could not pass through.

What was going on? Had he triggered a certain mechanism?

Just as the group of people from the Worldly Special Force was puzzled and began to experiment again, there was suddenly a little movement on the other side of the asteroid belt. On a rather large asteroid, a humanoid creature with an extremely mechanical style was quietly working on construction.

“Executive Officer, the warp signal point has been detected. The current warp signal point has been detected in the outer solar system, but it’s closer to Ceres Star,” a scout from the Great Xi Clan reported. “How could our race’s warp point be near Ceres Star?”

“The information shows that it’s a warp point left behind by our race when they invaded the solar system a hundred years ago. There should be a base there. It’s recorded in the database. However, it remained silent. We might have been able to retrieve it recently because of the changes in the external environment,” the scout reported.

“Located near Ceres Star? There’s also a base? Then can we use this base as the foundation to build a solar system expedition base in a short period of time?”

The eyes of the Great Xi Clan member who was called Executive Officer instantly lit up.. “Build a warp tunnel and order the number one 100-man team to prepare to warp!”