Chapter 963 - Chapter 963: The Meaning Of The Flying Circle

Chapter 963: The Meaning of the Flying Circle

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The moment he came out of the Manut’s quantum teleportation channel, Xu Tui had just activated his mental perception when the red fire slip in his mind suddenly flickered with a red light.

The red light flashed four times.

The first red light lasted for a slightly longer time, close to a second. The other three times disappeared in a flash.

Xu Tui did not understand at all.

What did this thing mean?

However, ever since Xu Tui had obtained the red fire slip, this thing would always represent something as long as it flickered with a red light.

Xu Tui was a little confused. An asteroid had something related to the red fire slip? If that was the case, the origin of the red fire slip might be more complicated than Xu Tui had imagined.

Previously, Xu Tui’s guess about the origins of the red fire slip was limited to Mars. It was actually the Earth circle.

An ancestor? An alien relic? Prehistoric civilization?

But now, the red fire slip had fluctuated the moment Xu Tui arrived at the asteroid belt.

What did that mean?

Xu Tui did not have the time to think. The voice of the public combat channel had already sounded in his combat uniform earpiece.

“Please pay attention to adapting to gravity. The gravity of the Manut asteroid is about a fifth that of Earth. There is no oxygen. It is the hottest time for the Manut. The surface temperature is about 142 degrees, and the ambient temperature is 96 degrees.”

This was the voice of the guide.

Thirty seconds later, Xu Tui landed on the ground and began to wait for his teammates to gather. He already knew the situation of the Manut asteroid when he came.

The Manut asteroid is about twice the size of the Moon, but six times the mass. Currently, the highest ambient temperature monitored was 124 degrees, and the lowest temperature was minus 64 degrees.

A single day was 26 hours long.

Currently, the surveillance was 16 hours in the day and only 10 hours at night. The environment was a little harsh, but it was much better than the resource planet during the space invasion.

On the resource planet, even Transmutation Realm experts did not dare to travel on the worst night. Although the thin oxygen could not satisfy normal breathing, it could be collected and used to urgently prepare oxygen.

The key problem was the lack of water.

Currently, no drop of water has been detected on the Manut asteroid. The surface of any form of water was mainly rock. It was not a suitable planet for colonization, but it was a planet that humans on the Blue Star had to defend.

In the current situation, water could only be transported through the Blue Star, the Moon, and Mars, as well as the water circulation system. It could be foreseen that water resources would become one of the most important resources on Planet Manut for a long time to come.

Currently, any human on the Blue Star could not survive for a long time without water.

The Manut asteroid was currently a huge construction site. Most of the work was completed by robots.

The basic living base of the combatants had been preliminary completed. The current living base was built around the quantum teleportation channel of the Manut asteroid.

In the future, just like the Moon, the various sectors would establish an integrated base on the Manut asteroid.

Currently, there were a total of eight Planetary powerhouses, 32 quasi-planetary powerhouses, and 160 Transmutation Realm powerhouses stationed on the Manut asteroid.

There were 1,000 to 2,000 soldiers from each sector stationed here.

In reality, the Huaxia Sector had the most soldiers, 2,100. The other sectors, like the American Sector and India Sector, did not have more than 1,500 people.

Trained soldiers were not a problem.

The key was the combat uniform!

Soldiers below the Genetic Evolution Realm had to have interstellar combat uniforms if they wanted to survive on the Manut asteroid.

This includes the logistics personnel.

Even if they could only survive without wearing a combat uniform after the base was built and the energy defense barrier was completely raised, and the various life circulation systems were activated and the surroundings were confirmed to be safe,

In the space invasion, the seizures brought about by the Worldly Special Force gave the current Huaxia Sector an advantage.

Moreover, this was because time was tight. It took time to create the interstellar combat uniform.

According to the plan, the Huaxia Sector would have 10,000 people stationed on the Manut asteroid in the future.

The Planetary powerhouse stationed at the Manut asteroid in the Huaxia Sector was Li Qingping.

It was the father of Li Shihua, the commander of the Taiyi Special Force.

Among the Planetary powerhouses in the Huaxia Sector, Li Qingping, the inheritor of genetic ancient martial arts, was not as strong as Cai Shaochu, but he was stronger than Pei Tiefeng, Ruan Tianzuo, Jian Zheng, and He Longjin. He was ranked third.

Most importantly, Li Qingping’s health bar was extremely long, his recovery ability was fast, and he was extremely resistant to beatings.

Many Planetary powerhouses from the Mystery Branch who were stronger than him would eventually be exhausted to death by Li Qingping.

In short, if they attacked Li Qingping ten times, Li Qingping would only be iniured. But if Li Oingning attacked them. thev would die after two to three attacks.

The duration of a Planetary realm guard was usually three to five years.

It could be said that in the next three to five years, one of the main people in the Huaxia Sector on the Manut asteroid would be the Planetary realm powerhouse, Li Qingping.

The other main person in charge of the Huaxia Sector was Cheng Daxing. He was a major general under Wei Bin. Previously, he was in charge of the overall strategy of Mars, Phobos, and the surroundings.

The current commander of the Mars base, Gai Sheng, was under his direct command. He was also a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. He was mainly responsible for the defense and surrounding strategies of the Huaxia Sector on the Manut asteroid. His style was extremely tough.

They were all commanders of the Huaxia Sector’s Manut Asteroid and Asteroid Belt.

After resting for a day and adapting slightly, the Planetary powerhouse, Li Qingping, and the commander of the asteroid belt, Cheng Daxing, held an emergency meeting with the three special forces and the deputy commander of the Huaxia Sector’s military.

It was worth mentioning that the members of the various special forces had increased this time. @@novelbin@@

Come to think of it, the number of members in the Worldly Special Force was relatively small.

There were originally only 70 people in the Taiyi Special Force. This time, it had increased to 130 people.

There were originally 140 people in the Haotian Special Force. This time, the number had increased to 250.

It was said that he had the strong support of the Ruan family and the Jian family.

Of course, this was not the largest increase in the number of people. It was said that the number of people in the special forces of the India Sector and the American Sector doubled.

This was especially so for the Indrat Special Force in the India Sector. It was said that the number of people had more than tripled, from more than 160 people to more than 400.

Of course, the number of people in the military battle team led by Zhu Lang and Li Zhen also doubled. There were as many as 600 people. It was said that there was still a follow-up meeting.

“I won’t say much about your mission. I’ll only emphasize two points. The Manut asteroid is still very safe for the time being. However, it was hard to say outside the Manut asteroid.

“This was especially so for the current discoveries. Due to the solar wind and the distant asteroid belt nebula, as well as the various particle storms and electromagnetic storms caused by the frequent collisions of meteorites in the asteroid belt, it had a huge impact on our communication.

“Once you leave the Manut asteroid, communication would be in a state of fluctuation. Our technology will not be able to overcome this obstacle in a short period of time. Therefore, if you encounter danger outside the Manut asteroid, no matter which side the danger comes from, the best way is to return to the Manut asteroid.

“As long as you reach the airspace around the Manut asteroid, I can guarantee your safety. Under extreme circumstances, you can only maintain your survival and wait for reinforcements.”

After saying that, Li Qingping glanced at the regiment commanders and vice-captains present with his thin and narrow eyes. “You should know about the possible future conflicts! Remember, you have to use the rules!

“Currently, the Manut asteroid has military regulations. Why is it safe? The Planetary guards of the Manut asteroid are definitely not allowed to leave the airspace of the Manut asteroid,” Li Qingping said.

Xu Tui could roughly tell that Li Qingping was implying something. He was referring to the internal strife between the six alliances. No, it should be the seven sectors and The Myth.

It was just that he did not say it explicitly.

Although the various sectors would not make such an extremely stupid mistake after stepping out of Mars and into the asteroid belt, it was hard to say when it involved huge benefits.

“I’ll cut to the chase. I’ll only talk about the most important thing.” After Li Qingping finished speaking, the person who spoke was Cheng Daxing, the commander of the Huaxia Sector’s asteroid belt.

Cheng Daxing was rather short, only a little more than 1.7 meters tall. He was very dark, but he was very strong. His huge eyes were filled with killing intent.

Although he was short, he was blessed.

“Currently, our development of the asteroid belt is centered on the Manut asteroid. For a long time, the only mode of transportation between us and the large asteroids around the Manut asteroid would be the Aerospace Combat Jet, the sky shuttle, and the sky aircraft.

“Its speed is limited. Therefore, distance is very important. Our military has drawn this distance into a few circles.

“A one-day flight circle. A three-day flight circle. A seven-day flight circle. It lasted until the one-year and three-year flight circles. Currently, the most important and urgent mission for us was to complete the exploration, marking, and valuable occupation of the asteroids and meteorites in the ten-day flight circle.

“Other than meteorites, there were no other discoveries in the flight circle. In the three-day flight circle, 19 asteroids had been detected.

“I believe you understand the meaning of a three-day flight circle. If you discovered valuable resources, they would be extremely useful. The further it was from the Manut asteroid, the lower its value. The closer it was, the higher its value.

“Therefore, the exploration mission is very urgent. My hope is that you can set off in an hour and a half! You would first explore the asteroids in the three-day and five-day flight circles. We will provide the relevant star maps. Do you have a problem?” Cheng Daxing said after looking at his watch.

“Commander, no!” Zhu Lang and Li Zhen stood up at the same time.

“Commander Cheng, we have no problems. However, we need the relevant researchers to accompany us. Otherwise, we…”

Cheng Daxing stopped Xu Tui from continuing with a gesture. “We have already considered and arranged these problems. There will be specialized personnel to dock later, including the receiving team formed by Transmutation Realm experts. However, before you set off, I have to make one thing clear!” Everyone listened!

“If you discover water resource planets and seven rare metals related to the manufacture of Mechanical Spirit Alloys, I hope that you can put up a flag at all costs! This concerns the survival, development, and expansion speed of our Huaxia Sector in the asteroid belt!” Cheng Daxing ordered..