Chapter 968 - Chapter 968: First Battle With The Great Xi Clan (1)

Chapter 968: First Battle with the Great Xi Clan (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In front of the huge disc, the members of the Worldly Special Force frowned.

After being touched just now, this door-like disc suddenly changed to another characteristic. Whether it was mind power, energy field power, or electronic signals, it could not pass through.

However, he could vaguely sense a strange rhythm inside.

This strange rhythm could only be felt by standing on the disc. It could not be felt without the disc.

It was more like a physical sensation.

Everyone had different guesses.

This might be an alien ruin or an ancient alien base. Had their attempt just now triggered some kind of working mode or something else in this ancient base? Or had they triggered a signal?

However, no matter what guess they had, they could not be sure.

“Have you contacted Commander Cheng of Manut?” Xu Tui asked.

“It should be because a meteorite collision triggered various complicated storms. The signal was interrupted, and the recovery time is uncertain… Huh? The fluctuations have become stronger,” Cui Xi suddenly said in shock.

Xu Tui’s gaze changed as he stood on the disc. The fluctuations inside had indeed become stronger.

“Ah Huang, can you sense this rhythm and analyze it through me?” Xu Tui thought of Ah Huang.

As a supercomputer, Ah Huang had been nurtured by Shang Long and the others previously. Later on, it had obtained the database of the Spiritual Race’s resource planet on the resource planet. In terms of fragmented knowledge, it was countless times stronger than Xu Tui and the others.

“Searching. I found that this fluctuation is more than 92% similar to a fluctuation highlighted by the founder. I’ll display the relevant information,”

Ah Huang reminded.

The founder referred to Shang Long.

Soon, the information Ah Huang sent stunned Xu Tui.

Great Xi Clan, warp point.

This was a piece of information that Shang Long had highlighted in the information. Once they discovered similar fluctuations, they had to be on high alert and suspect that the Great Xi Clan had arrived by leap.

The Great Xi Clan was the most technologically advanced race in the Milky Way. They were known.

They were enemies of the Spiritual Race. However, they were definitely not a friend of the Blue Star humans.

This was because the Great Xi Race also had a strategy to invade the Blue Star. Ever since the Great Genetic Age, the Great Xi Clan has appeared in the solar system several times. However, they had been destroyed by the Spiritual Race every time.

But the Great Xi Clan was not weak.

In reality, the Great Xi Clan was very strong.

The reason why they were destroyed by the Spiritual Race in the solar system was that the Great Xi Clan had entered the solar system a period of time later than the Spiritual Race. The Great Xi Clan also relied on resources.

Outside the solar system, the Great Xi Clan and the Spiritual Race were fighting each other.

“How much do you know about the Great Xi Clan and their transition?” Xu Tui asked Tri Ling Ding.

As a race with a longer lifespan in the universe, the Ling Clan definitely knew a lot.

Tri Ling Ding and Xu Tui had figured each other out. When Xu Tui was very serious, Tri Ling Ding would definitely not dare to raise any conditions. Only when he completed what Xu Tui had instructed him to do would Tri Ling Ding ask for a reward. As long as Xu Tui was in a good mood, it would give him benefits.

There were a few key points in the information given by Tri Ling Ding.

A small-scale jump of the Great Xi Clan took 15 minutes from beginning to end. The Great Xi Clan did not rely on battleships to jump. Instead, they built their own power, a strange energy circulation technology.

Not everyone in the Great Xi Clan could jump. Only quasi-planetary experts and above could undergo long-range jumps.

Under normal circumstances, a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan could bring ten energy units to undergo a transition.

In the Great Xi Clan, an energy unit was a normal Transmutation Realm expert. Ten Evolution Realms were equivalent to an energy unit of the Transmutation Realm. @@novelbin@@

Ah Huang also provided Xu Tui with similar data.

There were not many differences after the two verifications.

However, be it the information provided by Ah Huang or Tri Ling Ding, there was a problem. This was the situation of the Great Xi Clan 50 to 60 years ago. The information on Tri Ling Ding was even older. It was the situation of the Great Xi Clan 100 years ago.

He did not know if there were any changes or improvements now.

“Our actions just now triggered a signal device and then triggered the current fluctuations. After this fluctuation, an enemy might jump over.”

Xu Tui used the fastest method to organize the information he knew and told everyone.

Although Xu Tui could make a decision on this matter, he wanted everyone to know. Working together was a problem. More importantly, he was afraid of the unknown. He would not be afraid if he knew.

There was at least a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse among the enemies!

However, his teammates’ opinions were even more radical than Xu Tui’s.

Xu Tui had thought that most people would choose to evacuate quickly and avoid them first.

However, Xu Tui did not expect that most people would choose to accept the challenge.

There were many reasons.

One of them was more convincing. How far could they escape in a few minutes?

Once they were caught up in space and the aircraft was destroyed, they would completely become cannon fodder. They would not even have the chance to risk their lives. On the other hand, they still had the strength to fight on the asteroid.

Quasi-planetary powerhouses were not invincible. Moreover, they had large-scale technological weapons.

The Aerospace Combat Jet was not for show.

“In that case, prepare for battle.”

On the resource planet, the confidence cultivated by the Worldly Special Force after repeated battles was displayed at this moment..