Chapter 976 - Chapter 976: Surrender Order And Attention, Kneel Well!

Chapter 976: Surrender Order and Attention, Kneel Well!

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations @@novelbin@@

Wasn’t this a little too gentle?

However, such a regiment commander gave them an inexplicable sense of security.

In the flagship of the Freedom Special Force, Danrick, Burt, and Lilith, the two military consultants, had already started celebrating. They directly took down the other party’s emergency team, and they were captives.

This made the battle that was about to happen even easier. From the captives, they could fully understand the combat strength of the Worldly Special Force and make targeted arrangements. It could be said to be a good start!

Nice!

Ten minutes later, intelligence gathered, especially the four captives. After interrogating them separately, their statements were almost uniform and very cooperative.

Were the warriors of the Huaxia Sector not as unyielding as the rumors said?

“Currently, there are still 29 combatants in the Huaxia Sector. One is at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. Commander Xu Tui can also be considered to have the combat strength of the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

“All of their fighter jets had already retreated into the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. Therefore, we can’t attack them with shipboard weapons. Even if we can, we can’t. This ancient base of the Great Xi Clan was very meaningful.

“Therefore, our next mission is to organize an elite team to break into the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan and wipe out the Worldly Special Force. We will occupy this ancient base of the Great Xi Clan and completely occupy this asteroid!

“Contribute to the continued greatness of our American Sector!” The senior military consultant, Burt, had already taken over the decision-making power.

“The Worldly Special Force is very strong. I suggest that the three consultants lead the team and break into the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. Each of them will bring 30 Genetic Evolution Realm team members. How about that?” Danrick suggested.

“No problem.”

Five minutes later, Bert, Kenny, and Lilith, the three Transmutation Realm consultants, each brought a team of elite Evolution Realm members and carefully rushed into the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

However, there was no one at the entrance.

A minute later, the three consultants and Commander Danrick gathered together again. The situation in the ancient base of the Great Western Race was more complicated than they had imagined.

It had a beehive-like structure.

Clearly, the Worldly Special Force had already retreated deep into the base. What was even more shameless was that when the Worldly Special Force retreated deep into the base, they detonated several particle pulse bombs in a row.

It caused their life detection equipment to temporarily malfunction.

“Split up or?” Vice -Chairman Bengery asked.

“We can’t split up.” Burt immediately denied it. “The purpose of the Worldly Special Force doing this is to let us disperse our forces. If we split up, there might be many casualties.”

“But what if we all go in to explore and the Worldly Special Force kill their way out from behind?” Danrick asked.

“Leave a team behind. Furthermore, I think that this base is very large. The Aerospace Combat Jet can be passed through. How about this, Danrick? You and Kenny will bring a small number of Evolution Realm members and other Mutation Realm members and fighter jets to guard the exit of the base.

“Lilith and I will each bring 40 Evolution Realm experts to explore deeper. We’ll contact support immediately if we find anything!” Burt ordered.

A minute later, the Freedom Special Force quickly completed their strategic deployment.

The two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, Burt and Lilith, and the vice-captain, Bengri, first chose a direction and searched with a total of 80 Genetic Evolution Realm experts.

At the same time, deep in the base, Xu Tui, who had observed the enemy’s movements through the Origin Crystal Powder that he had planted, sneered.

“Let’s go. They’ve searched over from Tunnel 1. Hailong, Yan Huai, Yan Lie, Murong, Dai Lijun, Xing’zi, and Huanshan. Follow me and entertain our ‘allies’. The rest of you, listen to Cui Xi’s command and be prepared to participate in the battle at any time!”

Three minutes later, the members of the Freedom Special Force Search Team led by Burt formed a long queue.

Although the passageway of this base was very wide and could accommodate six to seven people or even more, a narrow passageway could only be passed by two to three people. For the sake of tactics, they formed a three-person team and explored the depths of the ancient base.

The Transmutation Realm expert in the middle, Lilith, was a Transmutation Realm expert from the Mystery Branch.

Suddenly, the fully focused Lilith felt an inexplicable mental fluctuation. Lilith’s expression changed. She pounced in the direction where her mind power had appeared. “Be careful, an enemy attack!”

Pfft!

Nine earth spikes as thick as an arm protruded from the ground without any warning. It skewered four Genetic Evolution Realm members of the Freedom Special Force.

One of them was seriously injured. The three of them died miserably on the spot.

“Damn it!” After Burt, who had rushed over, checked the situation and cursed angrily. However, Lilith reminded him, “Be careful. They should be nearby. They won’t be too far away from us. It might be 500 meters or 800 meters!”

“Attention!”

Burt sent out a member to take care of the seriously injured. The others continued to explore. A minute later, the earth spikes erupted again without any warning. This time, two died and two were injured.

“What’s going on? I only felt a little power fluctuation. Why did his attack appear?” Burt frowned.

“Yes, it’s very strange!” Lilith activated her mind power and searched carefully. Thirty seconds later, she picked up a speck of dust from the ground.

“This is… Origin Crystal Powder?”

“That’s right. The enemy might be using the Origin Crystal Powder as a location to attack us from afar. Be careful!” Lilith said.

“That’s very simple. Let the wind-type superhumans clear the way!” Burt immediately thought of a solution.

A violent wind blew in the tunnel..