Chapter 975 - Chapter 975: Command To Surrender And Attention, Kneel Well! (1)

Chapter 975: Command to Surrender and Attention, Kneel well! (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The radar monitor showed that when the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force fleet landed, three Aerospace Combat Jets suddenly left the team and pounced straight at the position of the emergency team hidden 2,000 kilometers away.

The other fighter jets headed straight for the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

The life and energy fluctuations here were so intense that it was normal for them to be discovered by the Freedom Special Force. However, how could the location of the emergency team, which had already entered a holographic state, be discovered?

It was completely impossible.

The location was locked on so accurately!

“Inform Tao Guan and the others to retreat or retreat to the ancient base immediately!” This was no longer the time to pursue the reason. They had to make a decision in a short period of time.

“It’s too late.” Cui Xi smiled bitterly. Xu Tui instantly understood.

Tao Guan and the others had been on standby. The engines of the fighter jets they used to escape had long been cooled down. The time it took for the Aerospace Combat Jet to restart was very short. It only needed a minute to take off. It would take another minute to accelerate to more than Mach 15. However, the three fighter jets of the Freedom Special Force that were advancing at full speed only needed a minute and a half to reach the 2,000-kilometer distance. Moreover, the onboard weapons were already prepared to shoot.

The words ‘it’s too late’ made the faces of Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Mu

Xingluan, and Yang Huai turn pale.

Was the Worldly Special Force going to lose someone?

They had already lost four people before the battle even started.

“Commander, is there a chance of saving them?” Mu Xingluan’s face was pale.

Cui Xi, who had the best relationship with Tao Guan, gritted his teeth and shook his head firmly. “It’s gone. We can’t save it. If we save them, more people will die under the siege of the other party’s fighter jets!”

At the same time, Tao Guan’s voice suddenly came from the communication channel of the Worldly Special Force. “Commander, I don’t know why, but we seem to have been exposed. However, our holographic concealment operation is very standardized. There might be other reasons. Commander, investigate carefully in the future to prevent the same problem from happening again.” Tao Guan did not panic at all, but his calm tone was still trembling.

“Old Tao, can we use the terrain? Is there any possibility of escape?” Xu Tui quickly asked.

“We can use the terrain, but there’s no possibility of escaping. They have three fighter jets, 18 people, and a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. They have already surrounded us from afar.” Tao Guan’s voice was bitter.

Xu Tui, Cui Xi, and Zhao Hailong were speechless. An inexplicable sense of powerlessness surfaced in Xu Tui’s heart again.

“Commander, I have a question.”

“Ask! ”

“Can we be considered martyrs if we die just like that?” Tao Guan asked with a trembling voice. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was silent.

Cui Xi said with a trembling voice, “Yes, definitely. Old Tao, leave your mother to me…”

“Alright, f*ck! I’m a little indignant, but there’s a small number of nuclear fusion bombs on the fighter jet. They should be able to take a few people away! It was not a loss! Li Zheng, if you have anything to say, say it quickly. We don’t have much time!” Tao Guan said.

On the other end of the communication device, Li Zheng’s sobbing could be heard. “Commander… Xu Tui, I… I like you!”

Li Zheng suddenly screamed without any hesitation.

Everyone was stunned, but no one laughed!

This confession was a f*cking farewell confession!

Xu Tui’s face turned pale.

Tao Guan’s voice rang out again. “Comrades, see you in your next life. I’m very happy to join the Worldly Special Force. I don’t… regret…”

“Tao Guan, no! I order you to surrender. Surrender to the enemy on the other side immediately! ” Xu Tui suddenly roared.

On the other side, Tao Guan was stunned for a moment. He also roared, “Commander, who do you think I am? Surrender is impossible! There are only ghosts who died in battle. There are no people who surrendered!”

“F*ck your mother, I order you to surrender! Immediately, now!” Xu Tui, who was roaring, had a ferocious expression.

“Surrender. You’ll have a chance if you surrender. Believe me! Tao Guan, you have to believe me. I can save you! As the commander of the Worldly Special Force, I order you to give up resisting and surrender immediately!

“This is an order! Surrender immediately! This is the battlefield. Execute the order!” Xu Tui roared.

“Commander! ”

Tao Guan’s voice was filled with tears.

In the distance, there was already the smell of blood in Tao Guan’s mouth. He used his great determination and perseverance to decide to die with the enemy. He wanted to obtain the last bit of dignity.

But now, the regiment commander was ordering him to surrender!

It was a little…

“Commander, I want to disobey orders. I want to have dignity…!”

“Shut the f*ck up and carry out the order immediately! If you disobey orders on the battlefield, I’ll expel you from the Worldly Special Force now! Your surrender is part of the battle plan! Execute the order. Immediately!” Xu Tui’s roar was already a little hysterical.

“Commander, can’t you give me a chance to fight bravely? I don’t want to surrender…’

“Martyrs, f*ck you. Surrender. This is an order!”

“Commander! ”

“Execute the order! ”

“Emergency team… Surrender…” Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief when Tao Guan’s weak voice sounded. However, the ferocious expression on his face did not disappear.

“Tell them whatever they ask, including the situation in this ancient base.

Don’t take it head-on…’

There was a sizzling electric sound, and the communication was cut off.

In the ancient base, the members of the Worldly Special Force looked at the ferocious-looking Commander, Xu Tui, with complicated expressions. No one expected that at that moment, the regiment commander would order the emergency team to surrender..