Chapter 978 - Chapter 978: We Are Friends (1)

Chapter 978: We Are Friends (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Old Yan, take it easy. Leave a few more alive. We have to save Old Tao and the others!”

Xu Tui cursed as he looked at Yan Lie, who had killed a person in a flash. If he could start a massacre, would Xu Tui still have to discuss a strategy and not kill the two Genetic Transmutation Realm experts, Burt and Lilith, immediately?

They had to capture the other party alive, and not fewer of them. Only then could they save Tao Guan and Li Zheng, who was just ordered to surrender.

Yan Lie, who had been dyed red by the enemy’s blood, turned around and smiled guiltily at Xu Tui. In the next moment, the saber light flashed gently and cut off an arm of the enemy in front of him. He spun his body and placed the other party on the ground, dislocating his joints. He also nailed a mental shield spike to the side of his head.

Yan Lie was already very familiar with this.

“Commander, according to the information, this person should be the vice-captain of the Freedom Special Force, Bengri. I left you a big fish.” Yan Lie smiled.

Xu Tui glared at Yan Lie, but he did not forget to continue whipping with his mental vibrating whip.

It was only at this moment that Xu Tui realized the benefits of the mental vibrating whip. He could whip a large area!

It was an area-of-effect attack.

With a vibrating whip, the attack range was 1.5 meters wide and three meters long.

Within the radius of the vibration, all superpowers dominated by mind power would be affected. Some of them dissipated on the spot, while those that did not dissipate on the spot were also greatly weakened.

More importantly, the cultivators within the range of the Mental Vibrating Whip would be affected by the whip, causing their mental bodies to tremble.

In terms of attacking the mental body, the mental vibrating whip was much weaker than the mental hammer. However, that depended on the target’s situation.

Under the full force of the mental hammer, it could already injure the mental body of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse.

It was basically impossible for the Mental Vibrating Whip to injure the mental body of a quasi-planetary powerhouse, let alone affect the mental body of a Transmutation Realm powerhouse. Or it was not enough to affect it.

However, the problem was that the current targets of Xu Tui’s mental vibrating whip were all Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators.

Basically, these people would be more or less affected by the range of the mental vibrating whip.

This kind of close combat, the instantaneous impact represented the outcome.

Xu Tui’s mental vibrating whip was like a bulldozer as it pushed forward.

The mental vibrating whip was pulled out extremely quickly. For a moment, the members of the Worldly Special Force who were participating in the battle had an illusion.

Why were the people from the American Sector’s Freedom Special Forces like cabbages that they could cut at will?

This was especially so since Xu Tui had an extremely strong sense of battle.

The entire battlefield was under his mental perception.

Whoever was stronger in the Freedom Special Force would be whipped!

It was like a vital blow.

In a short period of time, the team of the American Sector’s special forces lost their will to fight.

The battle ended three minutes later.

At the entrance of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base, Danrick, the commander of the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force, and the senior military consultant, Kenny, were already stunned when they heard the screams coming from the command channel. @@novelbin@@

“This position! They’re here. I’ll bring people to rescue them immediately!”

Captain Danrick was about to bring the remaining 30-odd Evolution Realm experts to the rescue when he was stopped by Senior Military Advisor Kenny.

“What are you doing? Listen to this voice. How many people will die if we don’t save them?”

“If you rashly go to the rescue without understanding the enemy’s situation, you’re not saving people. You’re sending yourself to your death!” Kenny roared!

“Burt and Lilith are both Transmutation Realm experts. One is from the Extreme Branch, and the other is from the Mystery Branch. The two of them are very powerful, but they haven’t even cried for help!

“Do you know what that means? A crushing defeat! It had the power to crush a Transmutation Realm expert. You’re sending yourself to your death if you go in! Calm down, Danrick! I’m their comrade. I want to save them too, but I can’t be stupid!” Kenny roared. Danrick, who had been sprayed with spit, finally calmed down.

“So what do we do now?” Danrick panted.

“The enemy is inside. We have to guard here and search for an opportunity to intimidate the enemy.

“Move the Aerospace Combat Jet above the entrance of the base and activate all the onboard radars, let it enter an attack state and prepare the small-yield nuclear bombs and three-phase thermal bombs. At such a close distance, even a quasi-planetary-level would be killed by the concentrated fire of so many fighter jets,” Kenny said ruthlessly.

“Okay!”

Danrick could be said to have followed Kenny’s advice immediately.

On the other side, deep in the base, the members of the Worldly Special Force who had just ended the battle were counting the results.

The results were magical!

Zero from the Worldly Special Force had died in battle. There were no heavy casualties and seven minor injuries. Among them, there was an unlucky person who was slightly injured. He had been affected by his own people’s superpowers. The terrain was a little narrow.

The old members of the Worldly Special Force were used to it.

Wasn’t this the normal mode of fighting with the regiment commander?

However, the new members were completely dumbfounded. They had been in an extremely shocked state. It was almost a miracle in the history of war.

Twenty-nine against eighty-two.

There were 21 deaths on the other side, 61 captives, and more than half of them were seriously injured.

None of them had died in battle. There were only seven minor injuries.

It was like the couplet, to punch the American Kindergarten and kick the Freedom Special Forces..