Chapter 974 - Chapter 974: Shameless And Exposed

Chapter 974: Shameless and Exposed

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the outer space of the Fuqiang Asteroid, a fleet of three supply ships and 15 aerospace combat jets was approaching the Fuqiang Asteroid at high speed.

In the flagship, the commander of the American Sector’s Freedom Special Forces, Danrick, and the vice-captain, Bengri, were in a military meeting with the military consultant, Burt, Kenny, and Lilith.

“In five minutes, we will land on the asteroid sent by Vice-Chairman Maiponeo. After landing, we split into three formations. The three consultants each followed a formation and searched the entire asteroid for the ancient base of

the Great Xi Clan that Mr. Maiponeo had mentioned.

“At the same time, gather the preliminary situation of this asteroid and complete the announcement of the capture according to the development regulations of the asteroid belt.” Danrick set up.

“No problem.”

As the members responded, the adjutant suddenly reported anxiously, “Reporting to Commander, many electronic beacons have been detected on the unknown asteroid ahead. The electronic beacons are the flag of the Huaxia Sector. At the same time, we received an electronic audio!”

“What?”

Danrick and the three senior military advisers’ expressions changed at the same time. They walked toward the radar monitor.

On the radar monitor, more than 100 strong magnetic particle signals were displayed. In the end, these strong magnetic particle signals turned into red flags on the radar monitor. At this moment, the 100 red flags displayed by the radar monitor were exceptionally glaring in the eyes of Danrick and the senior military consultant from the American Sector.

“The people from the Huaxia Sector actually completed the electronic flag insertion first?” Vice-Chairman Bengri was a little dazed.

“Play the audio and see what they have to say,” said Burt, the senior military consultant.

In the next moment, the moment the audio was transferred in, high-pitched music sounded. Especially when he said “get up”, it gave the higher-ups of the American Sector’s Freedom Special Forces goosebumps.

This was the national song of the Huaxia Sector!

The special forces of the Huaxia Sector, who had already arrived at the asteroid with the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, directly sent them the national anthem. Their intentions were very clear.

This was a declaration of sovereignty to them. At the same time, it was also a warning.

This was the territory of the Huaxia Sector!

The area where the national anthem and flag fluttered at the same time was the territory of the Huaxia Sector.

Danrick and the group of senior military consultants’ faces instantly darkened.

The Huaxia Sector had actually occupied this asteroid first and declared their sovereignty. More importantly, under Lord Maiponeo’s orders, they were determined to obtain the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan on this asteroid.

According to Lord Maiponeo, the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan on this asteroid was very likely to allow the technology of the American Sector to jump by a generation. It might be a key step for the American Sector to become a strong sector in the universe.

At the same time, it was also a key step for the American Sector to dominate the Blue Star.

The previous order was that they had to occupy it!

“Contact the Manut asteroid immediately and see if the Huaxia Sector has completed the occupation of this asteroid according to the development regulations of the asteroid belt!” Captain Danrick said anxiously.

“Reporting to Commander, communication with the Manut asteroid is currently interrupted. The recovery time is estimated to be more than five hours,” the adjutant reported.

Danrick frowned and looked anxious. “What should we do? We can’t confirm if the Huaxia Sector has really announced that they have occupied this asteroid with the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. Then we can’t decide on our next move. Do you have any contact information for special or emergency situations?”

The adjutant shook his head, indicating that he did not.

The three senior military consultants, Burt, Kenny, and Lilith, looked at each other. Kenny laughed first. “The boys are great, but as expected, they’re still a little vounz.”

Danrick and Bengri were at a loss.

“We’ll be landing in less than three minutes. Take out a battle plan in two minutes,” Burt said with a smile.

“Battle plan? What do you mean?” Danrick was a little stunned, but he was not surprised. Instead, Vice-Chairman Bengri cried out, “Directly attacking is a serious violation of the development regulations of the asteroid belt. We will definitely be held accountable after the battle!”

“If the enemies were all dead, nothing would have happened. There would be no accountability!” Although Lilith was a woman with long golden hair and looked a little charming, her words at this moment were filled with killing intent.

Bengri opened his mouth, but he realized that he could not refute this statement. “After all, they are allies… I mean, what if… what if there are any survivors?”

“There won’t be any accidents!” Kenny waved his hand. “Besides, even if there’s a chance, Lord Maiponeo and the others are best at fighting verbal battles. Not to mention that there’s no solid evidence, we can also create solid evidence. Besides, isn’t there still Burt?”

Bengri was stunned. He had heard of these things before, but today, he had personally experienced them. Was this the so-called politics?

“Since we’re going to attack directly, we have to be foolproof. Although Lord Maiponeo can deal with the aftermath for us, I still feel that we have to do this as beautifully as possible. According to the general tactical rules of the Huaxia Sector, including the entire Blue Star, an unknown planet would usually set up at least an emergency team.

“It was used for communication or rescue , or for the transmission of information in the most desperate situation. No matter which battle team from the Huaxia Sector it was, there would definitely be one to two emergency teams outside. Therefore, we have to find this emergency team first,” Burt said.

“This… I’m afraid it’s very difficult! When the other party deliberately hid and activated the anti-reconnaissance function of their combat uniform, our onboard equipment would not be able to discover them.” Commander Danrick immediately got into character.

He knew very well that this was also the reason why the alliance had sent them three senior military consultants. It was not just because of their strength. @@novelbin@@

“Under normal circumstances, yes, but this time, we have a back door.” Bert laughed.

“Back door?” Danrick was confused.

“Yes, the back door. This time, the development teams of the various sectors set off in a hurry. They have a greater need for artificial pulsed neutron stars. For a moment, the various sectors could not take out a large number of artificial pulsed neutron stars in a short period of time.

“In the end, with the cooperation of the various sectors, they managed to produce a batch of artificial pulsed neutron stars. Then, two of the core components were used by the American Sector. You understand what happens next,” Burt said.

Everyone looked like they understood.

The higher the technology, the easier it was to leave a backdoor in the hardware and software. The harder it was for the other party to discover it.

In front of everyone, Burt entered a long string of codes on the ship’s radar. Suddenly, two huge spots of light appeared on the ship’s radar.

“Alright! If I’m not wrong, the location of these two people who created the pulsed neutron star should be the main force of the other party’s pioneer team. The other should be the location of the emergency team.

“If we got close and activated all the life detection equipment, we would be able to tell based on the number of people. Also, Danrick, I think you need to contact the other party’s pioneer team. You have to say something and obtain some information.” Burt smiled.

Danrick frowned. ‘Mr. Burt, say something. Declaration of war?

“Sigh, young man, remember in the future. Learn to be shameless on the battlefield. You will live a comfortable life.

“It’s not a declaration of war, but a notice. It’s an announcement that this unknown asteroid has been occupied by our American Sector’s Freedom Special Force and has been reported to the Manut asteroid. Please leave immediately,” Burt said.

Danrick was stunned. Vice-Chairman Bengri was completely shocked.

Damn it, could he do that? This was no longer shameless. It was extremely shameless.

Vice-Chairman Bengri felt that his worldview had been completely refreshed in just a few minutes.

Tvvo minutes later, the communication channel between the two sides was connected.

As soon as the call was connected, Xu Tui’s roar sounded in the communication channel. “The fleet opposite immediately identify yourselves and land at the location we specified. This was the newly discovered Fuqiang Asteroid that the Huaxia Sector had occupied and reported to the Manut asteroid. Please report your number immediately and land in the area we command…’

“Attention, combat units on the other side. We are the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force. Please leave the Freedom Asteroid we occupy immediately. The time limit is five minutes. If you don’t leave within five minutes, we will activate the unlimited firing rights!” Danrick, the commander of the Freedom Special Force, also roared.

The three senior military advisers laughed.

Danrick had grown very quickly. He had even given this asteroid a name. Although he was not good at naming, his improvement was very fast. At this rate, it would not be long before he caught up to their level.

Both sides shouted the same thing. Danrick looked at Bert, indicating that he wanted to ask him how to do it.

“Continuous warnings, recordings, and then prepare for battle.”

In the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan on the Fuqiang asteroid, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, Yan Lie, and the others were about to explode from anger when they heard the words of the commander of the Freedom Special Force, Danrick.

This was too f*cking shameless.

Their Worldly Special Force had been here for half a day and had even fought with the Great Xi Clan. They had completed the basic mapping, flag-laying, and naming before they dared to claim to have occupied this asteroid.

However, the Freedom Special Force of the American Sector was too f*cking shameless.

They had not even landed on the Fuqiang asteroid, yet they dared to publicly declare that the Fuqiang asteroid belonged to them.

“Can you be any more shameless?” Mu Xingluan scolded.

“Actually, this is very normal. This is the usual style of the American Sector. Get ready for battle. Old Cui, I’ll leave the overall dispatch to you,” Xu Tui said.

“Commander, let’s retreat to the ancient base for the time being. Their fleet is quite large. We will be at a disadvantage if we use ship-mounted weapons to attack from afar,” Cui Xi said.

“Okay!”

Xu Tui glanced at the half-opened and half-closed door of the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. This was the most they could do to close the door.

This door could bring him a sense of security. After all, it could even defend against a three-phase thermal bomb.

“What about the emergency team?” Xu Tui asked.

“The emergency team will be led by Tao Guan, Li Zheng, and the others. There are a total of four people. I’ve already ordered them to hide holographically and wait for orders,” Cui Xi said.

“Commander, the other party is from the American Sector’s Freedom Special

Force. According to the information, there are more than 200 people in the

Freedom Special Force this time. They are accompanied by at least two Transmutation Realm military consultants.” Yan Lie immediately displayed the data.

“How many Genetic Evolution Realm experts are in the Freedom Special Force?” Xu Tui asked.

“More than half or two-thirds.”

As soon as Yan Lie answered, the expressions of the nearby members changed.

The difference in numbers was too great. There were only 31 people in the Worldly Special Force. The number of people was six times that of the other party.

Xu Tui laughed when he saw this. “Hailong, how many can you kill?” “If Commander allows me to attack without limit, I’ll kill at least 20 of them!” “Ten for me!” Yan Lie said.

“I have 11.” Luo Murong’s number was simple and made Yan Lie depressed.

“I’m just afraid that you won’t have a chance to achieve your goal.” Xu Tui’s laughter made all the new members calm down.

However, in the next moment, Cui Xi’s expression changed. “Commander, look here. The location of the emergency team might have been exposed!” “What?” The smile on Xu Tui’s face suddenly disappeared..