Chapter 972 - Chapter 972: Can You Withstand 100 Whips?

Chapter 972: Can You Withstand 100 Whips?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the supply ship, more than a dozen spots of light flickered on the unfolded quantum long-range radar. Occasionally, these spots of light would disappear from the radar search range, but they would appear again in a few minutes.

This was not because the enemy had used a technical concealment tactic, but because the electromagnetic storms, particle storms, and gravitational field repulsive forces in the asteroid belt were extremely chaotic.

The radar search was strongly interfered with. This was also one of the current predicaments. He could not contact Commander Cheng Daxing of the Manut asteroid for the time being.

“Based on the current signals of this fleet, their forward speed is not fast. It’s about Mach 30 to Mach 40. That’s about the cruising speed of our Aerospace

Combat Jet. ”

“From the speed, it doesn’t look like it belongs to the Spiritual Race! The Spiritual Race usually likes to set up quantum teleportation channels. Moreover, the Spiritual Race usually has vassal races accompanying them when they travel. The fleet is quite large. It might be a vassal race of the Spiritual Race.

“The Mechanical Spirit Race, the Dissimilate Clan, and the Fission Race all have technological flying transportation armaments. However, their aircraft technology is not much ahead of ours. It’s only half a generation,” Cui Xi said.

The backbone of the Worldly Special Force gathered in the supply ship and analyzed the current situation.

“Could it be reinforcements from the Great Xi Clan?” Zhao Hailong asked in confusion.

The captive that Xu Tui had just captured had not been interrogated yet. However, Xu Tui felt that there was a high chance that they were not reinforcements from the Great Xi Clan.

The army of the Great Xi Clan had come through their warp ability.

According to the information given by Tri Ling Ding, this kind of jump that required a warp beacon to navigate was called a long-range jump in the big clans.

Usually, long-range jumps could only be used when the distance exceeded one in 100 ,ooo light-years. In other words, long-range jumps could only be used when the distance was about 100 million kilometers.

When it was less than this distance, they would usually only use short-range jumps.

It was said that the Great Xi Clan consumed a lot of energy every time they

used a long-range jump.

Firstly, if the reinforcements were so close, no troops from the Great Xi Clan would have warped over from afar just now.

Secondly, speed!

The technology level of the Great Xi Clan was definitely ahead of the Blue Star humans. Judging from this ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, the technology level of the Great Xi Clan was one to two generations ahead of the Blue Star humans.

How big was the difference in technology in this era?

The difference between the agricultural and industrial eras of the Blue Star humans was obvious.

You still don’t understand?

Xu Tui had once played a very retro management strategy game called the Empire Era. In every era, the difference in technology was huge. It was equivalent to the difference in times.

If it was the Great Xi Clan, with their technology leading in all aspects, the flying speed of the fleet would definitely be far higher than that of the Blue Star humans.

“If it’s not the Great Xi Clan or the Spiritual Race, then this fleet might very well be the vassal races of the Spiritual Race, the Dissimilate Clan, the Mechanical Spirit Race, and the Fission Race?” Cui Xi concluded.

“No, there’s another possibility. Have you forgotten?” Luo Murong, who had always been silent, suddenly spoke.

This time, Xu Tui thought of it even without Luo Murong’s reminder.

“Murong, are you saying that it’s the pioneering special forces of the other sectors of the Blue Star?” Xu Tui asked.

Luo Murong nodded. Since he had brought up the topic, he did not say anything else and began to listen again.

That was very likely!

Although the possibility of a dozen special forces setting off at the same time to meet in the vast universe was very, very small, that was still a possibility.

After all, everyone’s initial search radius was within the three-day flight circle of the Manut asteroid belt.

Soon, the decision-making level of the Worldly Special Force came up with a plan. In the end, Xu Tui made the final decision.

Of course, the specific strategy was not something that could be resolved with just one word.

If it was a vassal race like the Mechanical Spirit Race, the first thing to do was to confirm if there were any Planetary powerhouses among the enemies. If there was, they had to leave a team behind and be prepared to evacuate at any time. They had to report the information of this asteroid, including some key resources.

Just as Researcher Jiang Nan had said, the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan on this asteroid was very important to the Huaxia Sector.

This was even more important than much of the equipment of the Mechanical Spirit Race that Xu Tui and the others had obtained on the resource planet. The many equipment of the Mechanical Spirit Race that he had obtained on the resource planet could only increase the technology level of the Huaxia Sector.

However, after researching the things in the ancient base of the Great Xi Tribe, it could allow the technology of the Huaxia Sector to jump.

The others would use this base to fight the enemy.

If there were no Planetary realm enemies, the pressure on them would not be so great. He had a three-phase thermal explosive in his hand. Under the right circumstances and terrain, if it was carefully designed, even a quasi-planetary powerhouse would be able to suffer.

“Commander, what if this fleet are the friendlies from the Blue Star’s other sectors?” Cui Xi asked firmly.

“Friendlies from the other sectors?” Xu Tui narrowed his eyes slightly. “It’s best if it’s an ally. Of course, no matter which ally it is, we have to plant the flag first.

“According to the development regulations of the Manut asteroid, we are still short of a few conditions before we can announce that this unknown asteroid has been occupied by the Huaxia Sector, right?”

‘We’re still short of three. However, the flag placed inside declares that the establishment of an artificial pulse neutron generator can be completed in a short period of time. We can’t achieve the condition about reporting to the Manut asteroid and inform the organization and seven sectors for the time being,” Zhao Hailong said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly when he heard that. “Let’s settle the other matters first.

Once we can contact the Manut asteroid again, report the relevant matters to Commander Cheng immediately. Then, make your battle arrangements.” Xu Tui looked at Cui Xi and said the last sentence.

Among the backbone members of the Worldly Special Force, only Cui Xi and Yang Huai had received professional battle command education training. However, Yang Huai’s command style was more orthodox and suitable for large-scale battles.

On the other hand, Cui Xi’s command style was more compatible. It was more practical and his personality was more compatible.

Therefore, Xu Tui slowly handed the battle deployment to Cui Xi.

Cui Xi was enjoying himself. Xu Tui also felt very comfortable.

“Commander, if there’s a possible battle conflict, one of my battle plans is to use the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan that we discovered as the battlefield and make arrangements in advance. What do you think, Commander?” Cui Xi asked.

As soon as he said that, Jiang Nan, the researcher listening at the side, immediately waved his hand.

“No, we must not set up the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan as a preset battlefield. That way, once there are any ripples, especially if we use energy weapons and firearms, the losses will be too great. As for this base, any damage to it now is a huge loss to the Huaxia Sector, ” Jiang Nan said.

No one cared about Jiang Nan’s opinion. All the core members looked at Xu Tui. It was the same for Zhou Chuan.

As an outsider, Zhou Chuan finally understood. The cohesion of the Worldly Special Force was completely on Xu Tui’s side. He should just be a tool in the Transmutation Realm.

“Sure. You can even deploy three-phase thermal bombs and booby traps in advance. I’ll detonate them. However, I hope that this ancient base of the Great Xi Clan will be the second battlefield,” Xu Tui said.

“Understood, Commander!”

Researcher Jiang Nan was anxious. He wanted to say something, but Xu Tui patted his shoulder. “Researcher Jiang, my thoughts are the same as yours.

“However, you have to understand that no matter what kind of enemy you encounter, only by surviving first can the value of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base be unearthed by the Huaxia Sector and bring about a leap in technology.

“If we all die in battle, then there would be nothing. Therefore, before we destroy the possible enemies, we have to use everything here in battle,” Xu Tui said.

Jiang Nan understood the logic, but he felt extremely uncomfortable when he thought of the possible losses after the battle.

In theory, every discovery here might contribute technological discoveries to the Huaxia Sector.

“Commander Xu, I understand, but there are some areas that can’t…”

“I know! Some areas are very important. We will try our best to avoid them. However, everything is unknown in battle,” Xu Tui said.

Jiang Nan was helpless. After some thought, Jiang Nan said, “Commander Xu, I have a request.” @@novelbin@@

“Speak!”

“Commander Xu, I think that our Aerospace Combat Jet and supply ships can directly drive into this base.

“The load of the supply ship is still very large. I want to put some important facilities and resources that are extremely valuable for scientific research into the supply ship and some of the aerospace combat jets first. Even if there’s a huge battle, the possibility of them being destroyed will be much lower with the protection of the energy shield,” Jiang Nan said.

After thinking about it for three seconds, Xu Tui nodded. “Sure.”

Jiang Nan heaved a sigh of relief. Then, the members of the Worldly Special Force began to prepare for battle. They began to implement the occupation regulations according to the pioneering conditions.

For example, they had to circle the planet and preliminary detect the planet’s surface map and geographic characteristics.

At key and representative locations in the area, there were physical flags and electric flags. At the same time, there were geological collections.

These were actually very easy to do.

A few Aerospace Combat Jets could circle around this asteroid in an hour or two to complete the exploration.

While the others were busy, Xu Tui, who had some free time, took out the captive of the Great Xi Clan from his mind power shield hat.

This fellow had been blown up by the three-phase thermal bomb once before, but he did not die. Later on, he was hit by Xu Tui’s mental hammer a few times. The power fluctuations actually decreased crazily. He had already fallen below the Genetic Transmutation Realm and was emitting the fluctuations of the Genetic Evolution Realm.

This was a relatively safe situation.

Under normal circumstances, the Genetic Evolution Realm was not a great threat to the current Xu Tui. However, Xu Tui still carefully raised the Vajra Barrier and an invisible mental shield that could block mental attacks.

Who knew if the Great Xi Clan, which he had never encountered before, had any strange methods?

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mental whip blasted into the alloy block.

“If you can communicate with me, just say it! If you can’t, I’ve decided to whip you a hundred times first. Let’s see if you can withstand it,” Xu Tui shouted..