Chapter 970 - Chapter 970: Huge Value And Technology Suppression

Chapter 970: Huge Value and Technology Suppression

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The wave after wave of flames from the three-phase thermal bomb drowned everything. It also caused all sensory and technological detection methods to instantly malfunction.

With Xu Tui’s current level of evolution, he could only force his eyes to look at the exploding flames. He only saw that more than half of the body of the Great Xi Clan member, who was emitting the fluctuations of a quasi-planetary power, had been damaged by the first wave of explosions from the three-phase thermal bomb.

Then, Xu Tui felt a sharp pain in his eyes. He immediately closed his eyes.

The Vajra Barrier was raised to block the aftershocks of the three-phase thermal bomb. As they had more time to prepare previously, the terrain was more reasonable when they chose to detonate the three-phase thermal bomb.

Coincidentally, the door of this alien base was folded and arched when it was opened.

It blocked most of the shockwaves from the three-phase thermal explosive for Xu Tui and the others. Only the energy shield of the Aerospace Combat Jet was more depleted.

This time, the three-phase thermal explosive that Xu Tui detonated was 50 kilograms. Previously, Xu Tui had only brought 20 kilograms of bullets during the Mars defense battle.

This time, because he had the Aerospace Combat Jet and the supply ship, coupled with his bitter cultivation for nearly a month, the space of Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain had also improved.

It had increased from two cubic meters to three cubic meters.

This was also because of the influence of Xu Tui condensing his mental body in advance. It could be said that the improvement of the quantum dimensional chain space was rather difficult.

Although the increase was not great, it was possible to store two to three 50-kilogram three-phase thermal bombs.

Therefore, the Worldly Special Force had brought more than two to three three-phase thermal bombs this time.

The Huaxia Sector had also suffered a huge loss. The bullets of the three-phase thermal bombs in the Huaxia Sector were not infinite. This thing was extremely resource-intensive.

However, in theory, a 50-kilogram three-phase thermal explosive warhead could threaten a Planetary powerhouse if it could form an effective restriction.

The prerequisite was that there were effective restrictions on Planetary powerhouses.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not doubt the lethality of the three-phase thermal explosive in front of him.

This was especially so for the three-phase thermal bomb this time. It was detonated slightly under the opened door of the base. The detonation area was a semi-enclosed space.

It was even more powerful.

“Commander, they should have been… destroyed, right?” Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, Yang Huai, and the others, who had been defending with all their might, moved closer to Xu Tui. Their gazes were a little complicated.

This was the first time the humans of the Blue Star had come into contact with so many intelligent extraterrestrial lifeforms in the Milky Way at such close range.

There had been before, but it was only limited to contact with Planetary or powerful quasi-planetary powerhouses who were out exploring.

Actually, when Xu Tui decided to use the three-phase thermal bomb to strike first, there were still different opinions in the regiment.

For example, the two researchers, Zhou Chuan, and some of the members had different thoughts.

Could they come into contact with alien lifeforms? Could they consider capturing one or two of the Great Xi Clan alive? They might be able to make friends with the Great Xi Clan.

However, as the regiment commander, Xu Tui still firmly implemented this slightly sinister strategy.

He used the difference in his strength and cognition, the mental hammer that he had strengthened after this period of bitter cultivation, and the mind power enhancement necklace and the fire slip to increase his strength. Xu Tui directly used the strongest state of the mental hammer to blast the quasi-planetary-level powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan.

It formed a limited restriction on the quasi-planetary-level powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan.

Xu Tui was not surprised by this. His mental hammer, which had been enhanced to its strongest state during the Mars defense battle, could form a limited restriction on Lei Zhan, a Planetary powerhouse.

Now that his bitter cultivation had increased and he had condensed a mental body’s star core, the power of the mental hammer had increased greatly.

Xu Tui even suspected that he might be able to affect the quasi-planetary-level powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan even without the enhancement of the Fire Slip.

However, he did not dare to take the risk.

Once a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse unleashed his strength, coupled with the cooperation of the nearly 100 subordinates behind him, who knew how many people the Worldly Special Force would sacrifice?

Therefore, Xu Tui used a killing move the moment he saw him.

Xu Tui was not that childish when it came to friendship or deals.

Under the circumstances of unequal strength, the so-called friendship or deal would only appear in fairy tales. What would appear in reality would be the strong preying on the weak or capture and robbery.

Have you ever seen a human have a friendship with a lion or tiger?

“Old Cui, Murong, bring half of your men and guard outside this ancient alien base. Protect the emergency communication and be on guard. Be prepared to receive us at any time. I’ll bring people down to explore an alien ancient base,” Xu Tui said.

“Old Yan, Xing’zi, lead the way and explore. Hailong, Yang Huai, the two of you are on the left and right wings. Be careful of the remaining enemies. Old Zhou, you’ll be in the middle to provide support. Tao Guan, you’ll be in the middle to provide support. Miao Huanshan, bring your men and protect the two researchers.”

Xu Tui set up the mission and began to bring people into the alien ancient base for research. He did not find the corpses of the Great Xi people just now. All the corpses were instantly vaporized by the three-phase thermal bomb, then turned into ashes by the high temperature.

Xu Tui frowned slightly. Under normal circumstances, a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse might leave something behind even if they were bombarded by a three-phase thermal bomb.

The door of the base only turned red and hot under the impact of the three-phase thermal bomb, but it did not deform. On the other hand, some of the facilities in the base, especially within 500 meters of the base’s entrance, could no longer be seen.

Not only was it completely destroyed, but it was also in a liquefied state. The only hexagonal metal ball with a handle looked unscathed.

Xu Tui picked up the hexagonal metal ball that was emitting a high temperature. He immediately confirmed that this was the thing that his mind power had touched previously.

It was because of this that not long after the energy dissipated, this wave of people from the Great Xi Clan suddenly appeared.

“The founder has never seen any equipment related to the transition of the Great Xi Clan. He only knows that there is such an existence, but this looks a little similar,” Ah Huang said.

“I’ve never seen it either,” was Ding Tri Ling’s answer.

His mind power could penetrate it. There were extremely complicated structures and various energy circuits inside. There were also remnant energy fluctuations.

Xu Tui even sensed a trace of remnant energy.

“No matter how powerful the Great Xi Clan’s warp ability is, they still need to consume energy. Moreover, their relevant instruments have to be in the main space, right?” Xu Tui asked Ah Huang and Tri Ling Ding.

“That’s the theory.”

“That should be the case for the technological line. It’s hard to say about superpowers. The Great Xi Clan’s warp ability is more complicated, but from what I know, it’s closer to the technological line’s ability,” Tri Ling Ding said.

“Very good!”

Xu Tui threw the magic staff-like object that could not even be destroyed by a three-phase thermal bomb into the quantum dimensional chain. Regardless of whether it was related to the Great Xi Clan’s transition, he would put it away first.

Even if it was not, it was something that even a three-phase thermal bomb could not destroy. It would definitely have immense research value when brought back.

The entire base had a beehive-like structure. It was huge and complicated deep underground. He could see a densely packed single-person dormitory and a double-person dormitory in the base.

Xu Tui did not do anything along the way. One of the researchers, Jiang Nan, was so excited that his face was a little red.

Jiang Nan was also a genetic newcomer, but most of the genetic ability chains he activated were inclined to learning scientific research. His learning ability was extremely shocking.

On the Blue Star, he had nearly 10 doctorates in particles, electromagnetic energy, four material branches, three energy branches, geology, and so on.

He was a real research monk.

There were not many results in scientific research. However, in terms of the deeper understanding of the various branches of science, he was definitely much better than Xu Tui and the others.

“Commander Xu, we have to inform Commander Cheng immediately. We even have to inform Principal Cai from the Moon! This ancient base of the Great Xi Clan was extremely valuable for research. Furthermore, it had a lot of research materials.

“I can guarantee that as long as we start to study this base with all our might and use the materials of this base as a sample, in less than a year, or even half a year, it would increase the performance of many materials in the Huaxia Sector by one to three levels.

“Under normal circumstances, an increase in the performance of a material by one to two levels might not be possible even after hundreds of years.”

Modern industrial and technological creations had extremely high requirements for materials. It could be said that one of the ultimate bosses that restricted modern industrial and technological creations was the progress of materials science.

Jiang Nan was so excited that her eyes turned red. “The key is that my preliminary tests discovered that the materials used in the construction of this ancient base are actually relatively common materials on our Blue Star. However, they used a few combinations that I have never seen before. Perhaps this was a completely new alloy method that we did not know about.

“As long as we use ready-made materials to push it out, our Blue Star…” At this point, Jiang Nan paused. “We can immediately obtain a breakthrough in many materials sciences in the Huaxia Sector. Moreover, most of them are military technology materials. ”

“I’m already in contact, but the communication is temporarily cut off,” Xu Tui said.

Suddenly, Jiang Nan asked Yang Huai for help to break open the pipes in a base and take out more than ten kinds of threads. Jiang Nan used the simple equipment on his back to test them.

Less than two minutes into the test, Jiang Nan’s hands trembled.

“Superconducting material! This might be a real superconducting material! Electric energy and Origin Energy can actually pass through at the same time.

“Compared to the current superconducting materials of the same size and length on the Blue Star, its transmission loss was more than 50% lower. At the same time, the traffic is doubled, and the surging ability is stronger…” Jiang Nan was so excited that she was incoherent.

The other researcher was also extremely excited.

As long as these discoveries were converted into research results, their names would definitely be remembered in the history of the entire Huaxia Sector and the Blue Star.

“Energy! Commander Xu, this alien ancient base will definitely have energy equipment! According to the current situation, the energy equipment of the Great Xi Clan should also be far stronger than ours! Find their energy supply core. Even if it’s broken, its value is immeasurable!” Jiang Nan said excitedly.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. He was also inexplicably excited. @@novelbin@@

According to Jiang Nan, after completely taking down this ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, the entire technology level of the Huaxia Sector would increase by at least one level. It was not a given that this level of technology would increase by one level.

The technological suppression was very terrifying!

In history, such technological suppression has happened many times.

The most famous one was the little boy who was the first nuclear bomb used in war. He directly forced the Yamato Sector to surrender.

There were many similar examples.

If the technology of the Huaxia Sector could increase by one or two levels, the Huaxia Sector would crush the various sectors on the Blue Star.

At the same time, during the exploration of the universe, the technological help of the Huaxia Sector would also be greater.

Although superpowers were powerful, many times, there were too few powerful superhumans. If that was the case, then this trip would be worth it! The value of this ancient alien base would also be infinitely increased.

“Oh? What is this?”

Suddenly, Xu Tui’s mental perception moved slightly. He sensed a flash of power fluctuation..