Chapter 979 - Chapter 979: We Are Friends (2)

Chapter 979: We Are Friends (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, the problem was that the elites who had charged in today were not children or cabbages.

They knew many of the members of the Worldly Special Force and knew that they were very strong.

The concept of the Blue Star Village was not for nothing. However, why did they kneel the moment they encountered the Worldly Special Force?

At the side, Zhou Chuan was a little speechless when he saw Lilith kneeling in front of everyone after being beaten up and Burt, who had been skewered into an indecent position by Xu Tui’s earth spikes.

When the battle first started, Zhou Chuan wanted to charge forward bravely.

He was the only Genetic Transmutation Realm expert in the Worldly Special

Force. Before the battle started, Zhou Chuan felt that he had a heavy responsibility today. He had to rush to the frontline. He did not hesitate to be severely injured or even sacrifice himself to withstand this first wave for the Worldly Special Force.

Then, when the battle began, Zhou Chuan suddenly realized that it did not seem to have anything to do with him. There was not much difference whether he was there or not. He felt that he was a little like a decoration.

“Why did you only kill 21 people?”

Xu Tui had a headache when he saw the black mass of people kneeling on the ground. It was not a good thing to have too many captives.

At the side, the heart of Bengri, the vice-captain of the Freedom Special Force, twitched as he listened. What did he mean by only killing 21 people? He had killed more than 20 of them in such a short period of time. Was this too little!

“Commander, the new members are still a little… inexperienced,” Cui Xi said.

“Who? Pull them over and let them see the blood and train their guts,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as these words were spoken, the expressions of many people changed. Zhao Hailong was a little hesitant. “Commander, since ancient times… Killing captives is ominous!”

“If I hadn’t asked Tao Guan to surrender, we would have lost four comrades!”

As soon as he said that, no one had anything to say. His comrades, Tao Guan, Li Zheng, and the other three, had almost died gloriously just now. If the regiment commander had not given them a death order to surrender, Then now, they were really done for!

“Commander, my suggestion is to either kill these captives or kill them all!”

As soon as Yang Huai spoke, everyone was stunned. The heart of Bengri, the vice-captain of the Freedom Special Force, suddenly constricted.

Kill them all? Wasn’t this too ruthless?

However, on second thought, that was possible! In fact, they were the ones who took the initiative to attack the Worldly Special Force.

“Do you know what you’re doing?” The American Sector’s military consultant, Bert, could not sit still anymore. He asked sternly, “Are you planning to declare war on the American Sector by killing all your allies?”

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that. He was so angry that he laughed. He f*cking knew that they were allies. Why didn’t they mention the word ‘ally’ when they took the initiative to attack and almost forced Tao Guan and the other three to detonate the nuclear bomb?

“Bring me the saber!” Xu Tui shouted at Luo Murong, who was behind him.

Then, an awkward scene appeared.

Luo Murong, who was holding a golden saber, looked at Xu Tui’s outstretched hand with a look of disdain. He did not move his saber.

Xu Tui finally remembered that Murong had a moderate obsession with cleanliness. It was a little awkward.

Fortunately, Yan Lie had been served by Xu Tui just now. He displayed a coquettish positioning that could kill in a flash. When he saw that Xu Tui was a little embarrassed, he quickly handed over his short blade and took the opportunity to lick Xu Tui.

After all, Xu Tui had served him well in the battle just now. He killed one person in a flash! Yan Lie even felt that the positioning just now was the most flirtatious positioning and highlight in his life.

It felt too good!

But the knife that he had given Xu Tui was a little delicate. Although the saber was beautiful, it was extremely sharp.

Xu Tui took the short blade and sneered. The saber light flashed and cut off one of Burt’s legs.

Burt screamed as blood spurted.

“You know about allies now? Is this what a high-level military consultant like you does? Is attacking your allies with your words your attitude towards your allies? Then these two slashes were an attitude given to you by your allies! We

As he shouted angrily, Xu Tui cut off Burt’s other leg.

Burt screamed again! @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s actions shocked the members of the Worldly Special Force. Previously, they had seen how Xu Tui had ordered Tao Guan to surrender in order to save his life. Later on, they had seen Xu Tui’s brave side in battle.

Now, they had seen Xu Tui’s cruel and cold-blooded side. He did not even blink when he killed someone and cut off their leg.

This action of severing limbs of the captive made the Transmutation Realm expert, Lilith, who was kneeling at the side in extreme pain after breaking her leg, roar angrily.

“You, you can’t do this. You can’t do this!”

“Why not? So you could take the initiative to attack us and not allow us to kill you? A dog with double standards should be stabbed!”

The saber light flew up, and one of Lilith’s arms flew up. Lilith screamed, but Burt laughed fiercely. “Just you wait, kid. If you dare to hurt Lilith, you’re dead!”

“I’m dead for sure? Why?” Xu Tui leaned closer curiously.

“Lilith has a very powerful boyfriend. A quasi-planetary! A quasi-planetary!” Burt said.

“It’s just a quasi-planet.” Xu Tui sneered.

“There’s more than one. Lilith has several boyfriends. They all love Lilith very much. If you dare to hurt Lilith, they will definitely kill you.”

A saber light flashed, and Burt lost another arm.

Burt screamed in despair. His legs and arm had been cut off. As an Extreme Branch cultivator, it would take him several years to completely recover his strength even if he returned alive..