Chapter 977 - Chapter 977: Surrender Order And Attention, Kneel Well!(3)

Chapter 977: Surrender Order and Attention, Kneel Well!(3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

On the other side, Xu Tui frowned. The tactic of planting Origin Crystal Powder into the mental magnetic pillar had been seen through faster than he had imagined.

“I need someone to help me clear the way and withstand the enemy’s attacks,” Xu Tui said.

Yang Huai and Zhao Hailong stood out at the same time.

“If you can’t take it, retreat. Actually, I can take it!”

Xu Tui smiled and turned around. “Xing’zi, remember to repair their armors.”

Mu Xingluan made an OK gesture.

“Ready!”

Under the obstruction of the layers of buildings in the base, the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception had also narrowed. Previously, it could reach three kilometers. Now, it was less than 1,700 meters. However, it was still very strong compared to the enemy.

“Let’s go!”

In the next moment, Xu Tui brought his men out of a functional room. They followed the tunnel and faced the exploration team from the American Sector.

8 against 80!

The sharp whistle of the flying sword also completely sounded in the tunnel, letting out a ghost-like whistle.

Almost the moment the sound of the flying sword rang out, Burt’s expression changed. “Be careful, an enemy attack!”

The moment he shouted, a silver light flashed past Burt’s side. The strong wind caused an indescribable pain in Burt’s ears.

Supersonic speed!

“Be careful!” Burt screamed and wanted to block the flying sword. However, the moment he turned around, he saw a string of fallen figures.

The six Genetic Evolution Realm experts behind him bled profusely. It had pierced through six of them with one strike.

“The enemy is ahead. Follow me!”

Burt was not stupid. He instantly charged forward with Lilith. However, the moment he rushed over, Burt suddenly felt something strange. The moment he looked up, his head felt as if it had been struck by lightning.

Blood instantly spurted out of his seven orifices and he fell to the ground.

Lilith was stunned. The long arrow was already flying towards her.

It was also the moment she blocked the arrow that she felt a pain in her head. The mental hammer caused her Mystery Branch mental body to tremble violently. Her memories went blank for a moment.

However, she was slightly better than Burt. She did not bleed from all of her orifices and fell to the ground.

But that moment was enough.

Yang Huai, Zhao Hailong, and Luo Murong instantly flashed past and rushed behind Lilith to start the massacre.

Yan Lie’s figure appeared at the right time. He used his hand as a hammer and nailed a mental shield nail into Lilith’s head. His figure instantly disappeared.

Xu Tui pulled out his mental whip from afar and whipped a large area. A sea of fire rose. Dai Lijun had taken action.

“Old Cui, kill!”

Cui Xi, who had received the order, immediately led the others out from another direction.

The so-called leaderless was probably the current situation of the elite team of the Freedom Special Force.

There were still nearly 70 people in the tunnel. There were many more people than the Worldly Special Force, but because of the restrictions of the terrain, they could not expand. They were stunned by the attacks of Yang Huai, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and Yan Lie, who were elites at the Transmutation Realm.

Many people were killed almost instantly.

Of course, there were also elites in the American Sector. There were also Genetic Evolution Realm elites who could fight Transmutation Realm elites. @@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui was behind them to do this.

There was no need to use the mental hammer anymore. When he saw which guy had a stronger aura, he instantly pulled out his mental vibrating whip.

In the next moment, Yan Lie appeared like a ghost. He cut his target’s throat or pierced his brain and killed him in one strike.

He killed one person in a flash!

Of course, it was mainly because of Xu Tui’s cooperation.

Yan Lie would not have had such a coquettish display without Xu Tui’s cooperation.

The members of the Worldly Special Force who had just rushed over, especially the new members, were completely stunned when they saw Yan Lie’s coquettish movements.

Was Vice-Commander Yan that abnormal?

At the same time, Burt woke up.

Burt, whose head was in intense pain, woke up with a moan. Before he could wake up, he was skewered by Xu Tui’s earth spikes. His vital points were pierced.

At the same time, Xu Tui slapped Lilith, whose head had been pierced by the mental shield hat.

rlhvvo large teeth flew out.

At this moment, Lilith was not a mature woman. She was just an enemy!

“If you lose, stand at attention. Kneel well!” Xu Tui scolded as he whipped Lilith.

“Kneel!” He kicked Lilith’s knee. The sound of bones breaking rang out..