Chapter 973 - Chapter 973: Not Giving Up An Inch Of Land

Chapter 973: Not Giving Up An Inch of Land

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Don’t… Don’t whip anymore.” The Great Xi captive, whose aura had decreased slightly, spoke immediately under Xu Tuit s threat. “Stop whipping me. According to the Milky Way Convention signed by the Great Xi, the Spiritual Race, and the Muya people, captives are protected by the Convention.

“You can choose to ask my people for a high ransom and choose a trading location that you think is suitable and safe. Moreover, according to the Galaxy Convention, we can’t take revenge on you within three months of the deal…’

Xu Tui felt slightly relieved when he heard the slightly nervous voice of the alloy block. He was heading in the right direction!

According to Tri Ling Ding, the stronger the race, especially the experts in the race, the more afraid of death they were. The older he got, the more afraid he was of death!

Of course, that was not absolute.

Only a portion of the race met this situation. It was also because this kind of thinking was more common within the Ling Clan that they ended up deviating from the technology tree. They obtained a long life, an almost indestructible body, and defense. Then, they lost a lot…

The captive of the Great Xi Clan in front of him no longer had a physical body. As for the alloy block in front of it, it was its new body. However, would a species that could casually change their bodies be afraid of physical torture? @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had no use for an interrogation expert like Yang Huai. He could only think of a way. He did not expect this guy to be so afraid of death.

“The Galaxy Convention? I’ve never heard of it, so…”

“I’m sorry. It’s a convention. All intelligent species in the Milky Way have to abide by it as long as they are not barbarians.”

“I’m sorry. I choose to be a barbarian now,” Xu Tui said. Lavis: ‘

“I have some questions. I hope that you can cooperate. Otherwise, I might not have much patience. My whip should be able to kill you, right?” Xu Tui said.

Lavis: ‘

“Can I take your silence as uncooperative?” Xu Tui raised his eyebrows.

“Ask away. ” “Clan?”

“Great Xi Clan.”

“Name?”

“Lavis.”

“Age?”

“100… and 13 years old.”

“You’ve lived long enough.”

“Middle-aged. In our race, I am at the golden age.”

“Alright, then tell me about your situation. Also, why did you suddenly use this alloy block as your body? From my observation, this alloy block should be very ordinary, right?” Xu Tui asked.

In order to survive, Lavis was really cooperative.

Xu Tui answered every question he asked like a bamboo tube. As for whether the answer was true or not, Xu Tui, who had entered the spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation, had a general judgment.

The Great Xi Clan was a race that was extremely knowledgeable about life.

Under the combination of technology and supernatural power, the power of the Great Xi Clan had fused with their mental bodies. Even at the end of their lives, their bodies could still maintain their peak state.

At the same time, at the critical moment, some alloy-type items could be entrusted to their power cores.

Of course, this would affect their strength to a certain extent.

This also caused their strength to be more easily injured by mind power attacks, especially when the star core left the protection of their original bodies.

This was also the reason why every time Xu Tui hammered him with the mental hammer, his power fluctuations would decrease. If his body had not been destroyed by the three-phase thermal bomb, this would not have happened.

The death of a mental body was regarded by the Great Xi Clan as the ultimate death.

This was also a situation where Xu Tui could threaten him.

Xu Tui also heard another piece of gossip during the interrogation.

Mechanical Spirit Race.

Currently, the Spiritual Race’s vassal race, the Mechanical Spirit Race, was actually a flawed intelligent species that the Spiritual Race had created and modified based on the Great Xi Clan.

At the same time, Xu Tui also learned a lot of other information.

For example, there were a total of 5,000 people in the vanguard sent by the Great Xi Clan to the solar system.

There were a total of three Planetary Thousand-Leap Commanders.

Lavis was a Hundred-Leap Commander.

The so-called Hundred -Leap Commander and Thousand-Leap Commander were also a division of strength in the Great Xi Clan.

The Hundred-Leap Commander could bring 100 units to undergo ultra -long-range jumps. The Thousand-Leap Commander could bring 1,000 energy units to undergo ultra-long-range jumps.

Basically, they were all Planetary powerhouses.

The leader of the Great Xi Clan’s vanguard was a powerful executive.

The executives were all Planetary powerhouses who could bring at least 2,000 energy units to jump.

At this point, Xu Tui had confirmed from Lavis that the fleet approaching this unknown little star at high speed should not be from the Great Xi Clan.

The foothold of the Great Xi Clan in the asteroid belt was a little far from this unknown asteroid. They would not be able to rush over in a short period of time with the fleet.

Then was this fleet rushing towards this unknown asteroid a vassal of the Spiritual Race or humans from the Blue Star? Or were they purely passing by?

That’s right. The six-sided body that Xu Tui had picked up that had a handle like a magic staff that had not even been destroyed by the three-phase thermal explosion was the quark particle jumper of the Great Xi Clan.

It could be said that this was the most advanced creation of the Great Xi Clan.

Other than that, Xu Tui did not obtain much effective information from Lavis. Or rather, Lavis was half an idiot when it came to technology. He knew the name of many things. But sorry, he did not remember the specifics.

“Since you are good at cultivation, write down your cultivation theories and cultivation methods,” Xu Tui ordered.

“In that case, can you let me go?” Lavis was puzzled.

“Let you go?” Xu Tui laughed. “I can only guarantee that you can live, or satisfy one or two of your small requests and find you a more comfortable body.”

“My dear Xu, actually, our cultivation theories and cultivation methods are useless to you. You can’t use our methods to cultivate without the bodies of us Great Xi people,” Lavis said.

“Perhaps I can create or modify a new species like the Spiritual Race?” Xu Tui joked.

“No, no, no. My dear Xu, that’s definitely impossible! The Spiritual Race was able to modify the Mechanical Spirit Race under extremely complicated circumstances. It’s impossible to replicate it,” Lavis said.

“Lavis, you seem to have forgotten your identity. You’re a captive who needs obedience in exchange for good living conditions, remember?” Xu Tui reminded him.

“Uh… Alright, I’ll remember my identity. I’ll write down our cultivation theories and cultivation methods for you. That will take some time. However, I only have the cultivation theory and method of cultivating to the quasi-planetary-level power,” Lavis said.

“Yes, you’re cuter like this.”

Lavis: ‘

Old Cai had given Xu Tui many pointers previously. He had been cultivating and meditating for the past month. He could already understand Old Cai’s thoughts.

Old Cai wanted Xu Tui to walk his own path.

Currently, among the Blue Star powerhouses, all the Planetary powerhouses who walked their own path were the strongest.

For example, Erera had several fire-type ray abilities. The purple flame ray was the signature ability of the Fire God, Gavro, but she had created the red ray herself.

There was also the strongest Planetary powerhouse in the American Sector, Haren, Old Cai and Shang Long from the Huaxia Sector, and Itavi from the India Sector.

More or less, they had unique abilities that they had created themselves. Only then could their combat strength be ranked at the top of the Blue Star.

It was also because of this that Old Cai had guided Xu Tui many times. He wanted Xu Tui to walk his own path. This way, he would ensure that Xu Tui would be strong enough in the future.

If Xu Tui was powerful enough in the future, the Huaxia Sector would be powerful enough to a certain extent.

This was extremely in line with the interests of the Huaxia Sector.

However, the problem was that it was extremely difficult to develop his own unique abilities.

There had been countless heroes in the six alliances of the Blue Star in the past hundred years. There were only a handful of experts who could develop a path or walk their own path.

Xu Tui’s idea was that since it was extremely difficult to develop his own path, why not take the next best thing? If he stood on the shoulders of his predecessors, could he integrate or fuse one or two powerful abilities?

At this moment, Xu Tui wanted to know the cultivation theory and method of the Great Xi Clan. This was the starting point.

It was a reference!

It could not be cultivated, but it could be used for comparison and reference.

“By the way, can you control this ancient base?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“It could have been done, but the repair technician is dead!” Lavis said.

“You can’t?”

“I don’t know how! I can’t activate it if it’s intact, but the interior of the door is severely damaged…”

“Trash!

Lavis: ‘

Time passed very quickly. In the blink of an eye, more than two hours had passed. Zhao Hailong and the others had also completed the testing and preliminary flag-laying of this unknown asteroid.

However, the unknown fleet was also getting closer and closer to this asteroid.

They could basically confirm that they were not passing by. Instead, they were heading straight for this asteroid.

“Commander, that fleet is expected to arrive at our asteroid in ten minutes. The quantum long-range radar has scanned some details and can confirm that this fleet is from the Blue Star. It should be a fleet of development battle teams from the American Sector. But I don’t know which fleet it is,” Cui Xi said.

“The development battle team of the American Sector? Are you sure?” Xu Tui asked.

“We’ve already confirmed it repeatedly. The standard of the Aerospace Combat Jet is also very similar to ours. There are two supply ships. According to the scale, there should be at least a hundred people,” Cui Xi said.

“This fleet is our Blue Star’s fleet! That’s great. There’s no need for a destructive war!” Jiang Nan, who was listening, had a relaxed expression, but he realized that everyone present was looking at him as if he was an idiot.

Jiang Nan did not understand!

“Researcher Jiang, do you think the American Sector will snatch this base if they discover it?” Yan Lie asked.

“According to the development regulations of the asteroid belt, doesn’t this asteroid already belong to our Huaxia Sector?” Jiang Nan was confused.

“I’m just afraid that some people won’t be willing, especially since we haven’t completed the last step of reporting,” Zhao Hailong said worriedly.

“Get ready and directly declare your sovereignty. Also, I order that from this moment on, this unknown asteroid will be named—Fuqiang Asteroid!” Xu Tui ordered.

“Commander, according to the development regulations of the asteroid belt, the name can only be given after we inform the Manut asteroid and report it for approval,” Zhao Hailong reminded.

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that. Zhao Hailong was a little too serious.

“We’ve already reported it to Commander Cheng, right?” Cui Xi and Yan Lie instantly understood, but Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and Mu Xingluan did not understand.

“Commander, but we couldn’t contact them…’

“We can’t contact Manut because of the electromagnetic storm and particle fluctuations. In that case, the fleet that rushed over from the American Sector must not be able to contact Manut now. If we say that we reported it, it means that we have reported it and confirmed the ownership,” Xu Tui explained.

“What if they don’t approve?” Zhao Hailong asked in confusion.

“They don’t approve?” Xu Tui sneered. “Do you remember the slogan of the Huaxia Sector’s warriors when they defended their territory more than a hundred years ago?”

Before Zhao Hailong could remember, Zhou Chuan and Yang Huai, who were related to the military, immediately became solemn. “We won’t give up an inch of land!”

“That’s right. We won’t give up an inch of land! Come, brothers. Let us plant the flag on the Fuqiang Asteroid and sing the national anthem. Let us warmly welcome the… friendly forces of the American Sector!” Xu Tui shouted..