Chapter 971 - Chapter 971: Lost Contact And Strange Captive

Chapter 971: Lost Contact and Strange Captive

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Outside Planet Charon, the Executive Officer of the Great Xi Clan, Jint, who seemed to have been carved without any flaws, suddenly had a pleasant surprise.

“Lavis and the others have discovered the Blue Star humans! There are no less than 30 of them. It might be a battle formation. They are planning to capture them…’

Günter, who had just received the information that Lavis had urgently reported, was pleasantly surprised.

How should he put this feeling?

The Blue Star or the Blue Star humans were like an extremely important treasure to the Great Xi Clan. Over the years, the Great Xi Clan had been searching for them. They continuously sent teams deep into the solar system to search.

However, in the vast universe, where all the galaxies and celestial bodies were constantly moving, it was too difficult to find the Blue Star.

It was as difficult as finding a needle in a haystack. If not for the fact that the eight planets in the inner solar system were rather unique, the Great Xi Clan would not have the confidence to search.

Even so, he still could not find it after so many years.

However, now, the Blue Star humans had suddenly appeared in front of the advance team they had sent.

It felt as if he had accidentally stepped on a rock. He lowered his head and looked. Eh, wasn’t this the gem that I had lost?

This was how Günter felt now. @@novelbin@@

Finding the Blue Star humans and the Blue Star was too important to the Great Xi Clan.

“The second hundred-men team is prepared to jump at any time. At the same time, they will carry a large amount of backup energy. After the jump is successful, they have to activate the quark particle jumper again in the shortest time possible.

“The third hundred-men team, the fourth hundred-men team, including my headquarters, prepare to close the temporary base and prepare to evacuate…”

“Executive Officer, the signal from the quark particle jumper… has disappeared.” Suddenly, the expression of the commander of the second team became ugly.

Günter’s face darkened. “How could that be?”

In the next moment, Günter’s expression changed.

The signal from the quark particle jumper suddenly disappeared.

Under normal circumstances, as long as there was a little signal, they would be able to sense it with special instruments and methods. Even if they did not have enough energy, they would be able to sense it.

The disappearance of the signal might mean…

“Contact Lavis! Contact him immediately and ask him to report his situation.” Günter was anxious.

Five minutes later.

Lavis did not respond. Not only did Lavis not respond, but the two

Transmutation Realm Great Xi Clan members and the first hundred-men team that Lavis brought had also lost contact.

Günter’s expression instantly became ugly.

How happy he was just now, was how extremely depressed he felt now!

Five minutes later, there was still no response from Lavis. Executive Günter’s expression was extremely ugly. The feeling of seeing hope or having to say a target before being disillusioned was too uncomfortable!

“Did you lock onto the location of the quark particle jumper in that old base when Lavis warped?” Günter asked.

“Executive Officer, the basic location has been locked in! However, in the universe, this kind of long-range location can only be maintained for three to five days. The longer the time, the greater the deviation because the entire galaxy is constantly moving.”

“Other than the garrison troops, the second and third team commanders prepare to bring people with me and use the short-distance jump method to rush to that asteroid as quickly as possible.” Günter made a decision.

As soon as Günter said that, the expression of the second commander under him changed. “Executive Officer, if we rush over like this, we might consume 70% or even 80% of our energy reserves!”

“Do you have a problem?” Günter looked expressionlessly at the second commander.

“No problem!” The second commander was instantly frightened by Günter’s expression.

“Since there are no problems, let’s prepare to set off. If we run out of energy, we can gather it again. However, if we miss the opportunity, I don’t know how many years it will be before we meet again!”

Under normal circumstances, it seemed normal for a trace of energy fluctuation to appear in an ancient base that had been abandoned for a long time.

After all, this base had not been completely destroyed.

However…

A minute later, Xu Tui followed the direction he had sensed just now and explored another functional area of the ancient base. Most of the warehouses in this functional area were warehouses. There were also some production workshops.

There were even many raw materials in the warehouse. Many of the raw materials were types that Xu Tui and the others were familiar with, such as steel, copper, and titanium.

Just as Xu Tui was carefully scanning every corner of the warehouse with his mind power, the researcher, Jiang Nan, shouted with a trembling voice.

“Commander Xu, seal off this area immediately! This area is the storage and material preparation area of the Great Xi Clan. That’s right. The Great Xi Clan would definitely not bring a large number of infrastructure resources with them when they came to the solar system.

“Other than the key equipment, all the infrastructure resources should have been produced from earth. There were infrastructure production equipment, raw materials, semi-finished products, and even…

“It won’t take half a year or a year. After we take down this place, it will only take a few months for our… our Huaxia Sector’s material technology to soar rapidly. We could even mass-produce a large number of high-tech materials in a short period of time.

“With these semi-finished products, raw particles, and production lines, we can complete the research and mass-produce their materials in an extremely short period of time…”

Jiang Nan’s climax made the blood of many members boil.

Wasn’t their deepest wish that their development results in the universe could be fed back to the Huaxia Sector and nurture them to become stronger?

However, Xu Tui was exceptionally calm. His mental perception was like a sieve as it carefully sifted through every storage area. He did not find anything. The energy fluctuation that had flashed just now was like an illusion. “Maintain a record and continue exploring.”

Xu Tui turned around after giving the order. He led everyone away.

Just as Xu Tui slowly turned around and left with everyone, a trace of malice suddenly came from the passive resonance of his spiritual resonance. This extremely weak malice came from a pile of semi-finished alloy materials.

Xu Tui suddenly smiled when he sensed the hint of malice. Although its ability to hide its power fluctuations was strong enough and it was patient enough to hide it extremely well under Xu Tui’s mental perception scan, it still revealed a flaw.

Almost instantly, Xu Tui locked onto the source of the malice. A mental vibrating whip instantly whipped the pile of semi-finished alloy materials.

In the next moment, one of the alloy materials instantly flashed. The flickering light and the mental fluctuations it emitted instantly made Xu Tui understand.

Who was this?

This mind power fluctuation was almost the same as the mind power fluctuation of the quasi-planetary powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan.

The only difference was that he was much weaker. He had already fallen to the Transmutation Realm. It was even a little weaker than ordinary Transmutation Realm experts.

This made Xu Tui feel very magical.

Under the effective restrictions, the quasi -planetary-level powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan was bombarded by a 50-kilogram three-phase thermal bomb. He actually survived and could even use this very ordinary alloy to escape. This ability was really interesting.

Almost as soon as the ball of alloy material began to flicker, the mental hammer that Xu Tui had prepared blasted forward like a storm.

This time, there was no enhancement. With the hammer, the flickering light on the alloy material rippled. With the second hammer, the aura of the Great Xi Clan plummeted. He had already fallen to the very weak or recently broken through the Transmutation Realm.

In theory, this Transmutation Realm aura was very little of a threat to Xu Tui. “I wonder if the mind power shield helmet is useful?”

In the next moment, Xu Tui had already pounced forward. He stuffed the fist-sized alloy that was emitting a dizzy light into his mind power shield helmet.

“Tri Ling Ding, sense the energy state in its body,” Xu Tui said through mental voice transmission.

Before this, Xu Tui had communicated with Ah Huang and Tri Ling Ding many times. Basically, Xu Tui had already understood most of the information about the Great Xi Clan that Ah Huang and Tri Ling Ding knew.

All intelligent races had spirits. Even the Mechanical Spirits, who were more of a robot, had spirits. Without spirit, there was no way to talk about enlightenment!

The Great Xi Clan also had a spirit. However, because of their evolution, they were extremely dependent on energy. Once there was a lack of energy, their combat strength and strength would decrease rapidly.

Similarly, once they had enough energy, the combat strength of the Great Xi Clan would be terrifying. The Great Xi Clan was very awesome in the collection and use of energy. Even the Spiritual Race could not compare to this.

This was Tri Ling Ding’s point of view.

“The energy level in his body is very low. He’s about to fall to the Genetic Evolution Realm. His state is also very unstable. It should be because he has lost his main body. That’s all I can sense,” Tri Ling Ding said.

“Heh… There shouldn’t be much danger, right? Why don’t we give him another hammer and let him continue to fall to the Evolution Realm?”

Lavis, who had just woken up, had yet to react when he was hit by the hammer again. The world spun and he fainted on the spot. The power fluctuations weakened again, and the mental fluctuations were also depleted.

“With another two or three hammers, I should be able to release him from the shielding hat and interrogate him safely, right?”

As Xu Tui thought about this, he hammered the alloy block twice more.

Lavis: ‘

“Continue exploring.”

Half an hour later, he discovered the Great Xi Clan’s Energy Absorption Device. Surprisingly, this Energy Absorption Device was not completely broken. It was still operating randomly.

At the same time, Cui Xi’s voice suddenly sounded in the command communication channel.

“Commander, the supply ship’s long-range quantum radar has detected a large number of energy fluctuation points and is rushing towards this asteroid,” Cui Xi said.

“How long will it take for these energy fluctuation points to arrive?” Xu Tui asked.

“According to the detection of the sky supply ship’s long-range quantum radar, these energy fluctuation points will arrive at the asteroid we are on in two to three hours. If the direction doesn’t change!”

Cui Xi’s words instantly made Xu Tui’s expression turn serious.

Where did the enemy come from?