Chapter 983 - Chapter 983: Who Is The Huntsman?

Chapter 983: Who Is the Huntsman?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Another fleet was sailing towards the asteroid from the depths of space.

There were a total of 23 signal sources detected by the onboard radar. It was a small fleet. The detected cruising speed in space was between 30 and 40 Mach.

If they had not encountered the Freedom Special Force of the American Sector previously, this discovery would definitely have made Xu Tui and the other members of the Worldly Special Force extremely nervous. They would have made many guesses.

Were they from the Spiritual Race, a vassal race of the Spiritual Race, or humans from the Blue Star?

However, now, looking at the number of signal sources and the cruising speed, Xu Tui could basically determine that the newly discovered fleet heading toward the Fuqiang Asteroid was most likely a pioneer group of the Blue Star humans.

The characteristics were too similar.

Then, two key questions appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. If this new fleet was also the Blue Star fleet, which sector would it be?

The second question puzzled Xu Tui even more. How vast and deep was space? The probability of two fleets meeting on an unknown asteroid was already very small, but there was still a chance.

However, Xu Tui felt that there was a problem with the fact that the three pioneer special forces could focus on this newly discovered asteroid at the same time.

There was definitely a problem.

“Hah, another wave!”

“Do you think this new fleet will also come to snatch the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan that we discovered?”

“That’s for sure. Who wouldn’t be tempted by the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base?” “That’s great. We can fight again. This time, I definitely won’t show mercy!”

The members of the Worldly Special Force, who had experienced a great victory previously, rubbed their fists and rubbed their palms. They wanted to fight to prove themselves to their regiment commander.

At the same time, they had also grown after experiencing the baptism of blood. Xu Tui frowned. This matter was a little abnormal. It would make sense if this new fleet was trom tne American sector, Dut It It was trom tne otner sectors…

“Old Cui, has the onboard radar been activated to its maximum power?” Xu Tui asked.

“Commander, what do you mean?”

“I want to probe further.”

“If we detect it further, the accuracy will decrease drastically. We won’t be able to tell if it’s a celestial body or a fleet. It will bring us trouble,” Cui Xi said.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. “Then strengthen the scan. I need to confirm the identity of this new fleet as soon as possible and see if they are from the American Sector.”

“Commander, are you worried?”

“Don’t you think it’s very strange? An asteroid that we just discovered has sent fleets one after another in a short period of time. I feel as if they have a target.”

“In theory, the probability of three fleets setting off in different directions gathering to an unknown asteroid in a day is infinitely zero!” Yang Huai said.

“It would be fine if it’s from the American Sector. If not, this matter might be much more complicated than we imagined. We need to make some preparations in advance,” Xu Tui said.

“Yes, I understand. I’ll keep an eye on the onboard radar now.”

At the same time, there was also an argument within the American Sector’s Freedom Special Forces because of this discovery.

“Commander Danrick, do you think the new fleet will be from our American Sector?” Kenny asked with a frown.

Hearing this, Burt, who had just finished treating his wound, struggled again and said, “If… If it’s from our American Sector, we must join forces to flatten the Worldly Special Force!

“They killed so many of us. We have to flatten them!” Burt said hatefully.

“I’m not sure! Lord Maiponeo did not mention the other fleets when he gave me the order.

“It might or might not be!” Danrick said.

“It would be great if that’s the case. But if not…” The consultant, Kenny, instantly frowned.

“Prepare to evacuate!”

Suddenly, Danrick’s decision made the members look at him in shock.

“As a result of the battle, more than half of our team has been lost. Even two of the senior consultants have lost their combat strength. The ones who have lost their members are still the main force of our team. Why should we stay here? We have to go back. We have to evacuate and rest!”

With that, Danrick, the commander of the Freedom Special Forces, relaxed. He felt an inexplicable sense of relief. At this moment, he felt that he had made the right decision. The group members discussed among themselves. Some supported it, while others did not. However, the three senior military consultants had a lot of unanimous opinions. @@novelbin@@

“We can’t evacuate like this! Absolutely not!” Burt said.

“Commander, by doing this, you are giving up an ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. It will greatly harm the interests of our American Sector. You will be court-martialed!” Kenny said.

“Let’s see what the situation is with the new fleet first. We can wait for an opportunity, but we must not retreat at this moment!” Lilith said.

Commander Danrick had a helpless expression. According to the rules, if the three senior military advisers unanimously objected, they could veto his decision.

A few minutes later, Danrick, the commander of the Freedom Special Forces, had no choice but to compromise.

“We can do as you say, but I reserve my opinion and insist that retreating at this moment is the best thing to do,” Danrick said.

This might be Danrick’s last struggle.

Thirty minutes later, after many confirmations from the onboard radar, the fleet this time was indeed from the Blue Star, the Indrat Special Force of the

India Sector.

After a few minutes of controversy, after obtaining the support of most of the people, the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force immediately evacuated from the entrance of the Great Xi’s ancient base.

They evacuated to the other end to establish a temporary camp and defense line.

Their intentions were also very direct.

In the previous argument, according to the opinion of the consultant, Burt, they will join forces with the Indrat Special Force of the India Sector to attack the Worldly Special Force. They will take down the occupied ancient base of the Great Xi Clan and kill the members of the Huaxia Sector’s Worldly Special Force to take revenge.

However, Captain Danrick firmly refused.

For the sake of the safety of the members, make way first! He would let the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force fight the Worldly Special Force. It would depend on the outcome. They would attack if they had the chance.

It was better to watch from the sidelines now.

This was agreed and supported by most of the members. The interests of the American Sector were important, but their lives were more important! They knew that very well.

Xu Tui sneered when he saw Danrick, who was originally guarding the entrance of the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, quickly evacuate with a group of members. He had even given up on the positions he had set up previously, including the three-phase thermal explosive launcher of the supply ship.

He did not need to think to see through the intentions of the Freedom Special Force.

They did not leave the Fuqiang Asteroid. Instead, they retreated to the other side. They were clearly watching the tigers fight. They would watch the Indra Combat Team from the India Sector fight the Worldly Special Force and see if they could take advantage of the situation.

Xu Tui could not help but sigh when he figured this out.

The humans of the Blue Star had just stepped out of the small circle of Earth, Moon, and Phobos. They had just stepped into the asteroid belt of the outer solar system, but the internal strife was already so intense.

It could only be said that the benefits were really despicable!

“Commander, these bastards from the Freedom Special Force are really f*cking despicable. They actually want to sit back and reap the spoils later. What should we do?” Miao Huanshan asked.

Xu Tui smiled. “Have you forgotten? We won’t give up an inch of land.”

“We won’t give up an inch of land!” Yang Huai and Zhou Chuan stood at attention and shouted those words. Everyone instantly understood Xu Tui’s intentions.

Actually, this was not the only reason.

If they left the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, then if there was really a war with the Indrat Special Force, both sides might very well use ship-mounted firearms, even energy weapons, or even three-phase thermal bombs.

Currently, if the members of the Worldly Special Force encountered a three-phase thermal bomb, the casualties would be too great.

On the other hand, staying in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan had an advantage. Moreover, there were many things in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan that the Huaxia Sector had to obtain.

It was very important!

However, since they had decided to defend the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, it was impossible for them to defend it to the death.

There were many things he could use to set up after occupying the terrain.

Twenty-five minutes later, when the Indrat Special Force of the India Sector was circling above the Fuqiang asteroid, Xu Tui served them a big dish as usual.

First, it was the electromagnetic pulse signal flag, then the announcement of the national anthem.

Finally, a warning was added.

“Warning, you have entered the asteroid that the Huaxia Sector has claimed to occupy. Please land at a designated location immediately for inspection and registration! Otherwise, we will have the right to fire!”

“Warning…”

A minute later, the commander of the Indrat Special Force, Larriwang, suddenly laughed. “I’m sorry, we haven’t received any notice from the Manut asteroid about your occupation of this asteroid, so we can’t accept inspection and registration.

Next, we will carry out a search mission on this asteroid.

“Please don’t hinder us. Otherwise, we will counterattack and fire immediately!” Larriwang spoke firmly.

“What did the Freedom Special Force say?” Larriwang asked.

“The Freedom Special Force said that they suffered slightly heavy casualties in their previous battle with the Worldly Special Force and needed to rest and treat the injured. They can’t join forces with us for the time being,” the military consultant, Bartow, said.

“Is it true?”

“I saw it in the video. They have many injured. Their military consultant, Burt, is seriously injured and has completely lost his combat strength,” Bartow said.

“Is the Worldly Special Force that strong?” Larriwang frowned.

“According to the Freedom Special Force, they were mainly careless when they were exploring the ancient base and were ambushed by the Huaxia Sector’s Worldly Special Force. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be so many casualties,” Bartow said.

Lariwang thought for a moment, then nodded slowly. “That makes sense. So did you ask about the casualties of the Worldly Special Force?”

“I did. They said that the Worldly Special Force suffered heavy casualties. They even captured nearly a fifth of their men previously,” Bartow said.

Hearing this, Larriwang nodded again. “In that case, I’m much more at ease. Let’s go. Our target is this ancient base. Since the Worldly Special Force has already entered first, we have to go in and fight for it. This is not just Lord Nilab’s idea. It is also Guru Itavi’s idea.”

“What’s the final plan?”

“Prepare to attack! Even if they are strong, there are only 32 of them. They even lost some people in the battle with the Freedom Special Force!” Larriwang said.

“Okay!”

At the same time, in the temporary camp that the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force had just begun to build, Danrick frowned at Kenny and Burt.

“Why did you hide anything from the India Sector’s Indrat Regiment?”

“The people from the India Sector are the most cunning. Those who have benefits run the fastest, and those who have difficulties retreat the fastest. If we did not say that, I’m afraid that he would not dare to attack. If they don’t attack forcefully, how will we have the chance to take advantage?” Kenny said sinisterly.

Beside him, Danrick nodded silently.

At the same time, on a meteorite 50,000 kilometers away from Fuqiang, Lei Hong was discussing with Lei Gen.

“Lei Gen, three Blue Star human fleets have already gone over. Do we do it?” Lei

Hong was a little anxious. However, when he came, Commander-in-chief Lei Tian had asked him to listen to Lei Gen. Lei Gen was better at large-scale strategy than him.

“Sir, there’s no hurry. There are only three fleets. They won’t be able to achieve our goal! Anyway, they won’t be able to escape. Let’s wait a little longer!” Lei Gen said.

After some thought, Lei Hong nodded..