Chapter 987 - Chapter 987: The Thing Behind The Absolute Safety Gate

Chapter 987: The Thing Behind the Absolute Safety Gate

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The question of who was the baiter was not difficult to analyze.

Currently, there were only a few known species active in the solar system.

The Blue Star humans, the Spiritual Race, the Great Xi Clan, and the three vassal races of the Spiritual Race. There was also the Muya people that he had only heard of but never seen before.

People like the Ling Clan could basically be ignored.

As for the many alien primordial species that the Blue Star humans had discovered in the past hundred years, they were not considered. No matter how strong those alien primordial species were, they could not even step out of their primordial planets. They were not qualified to participate in the battles in the galaxy.

All the species that had not stepped out of the original planet only had one name—aboriginal!

First of all, it was impossible for the Blue Star humans to be the baiter. Would the six major sectors, or rather, the seven sectors and an organization, really take out this bait if they discovered the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan?

That was impossible. They just want to use it for themselves.

The situation of the three vassals of the Spiritual Race should be similar to that of the Blue Star humans.

The people who laid the bait were either from the Great Xi Clan or the Spiritual Race. According to Lavis, they had just broken through the Spiritual Race’s blockade. What was important was to establish a foothold, not cause trouble.

In that case, the only person qualified to use bait to cause trouble could only be the Spiritual Race.

Unfortunately, he could not contact Manut. Otherwise, he would be able to confirm it immediately.

There was another problem. If the bait was the Spiritual Race, what did the Spiritual Race want to do?

What was the purpose of setting the bait?

“Revenge? Or severely injure the human race?”

In any case, the Spiritual Race’s goal in setting up bait was definitely not to invite the various special forces of the Blue Star to a tea party.

“Commander, if the Spiritual Race is really the baiter, should we contact the Freedom Special Force and the Indrat Special Force now to discuss cooperation against the Spiritual Race?” Zhao Hailong suggested.

Zhao Hailong was not the only one who had such thoughts. Yan Lie and Cui Xi also had such thoughts.

Since the Spiritual Race had laid down bait, once they started to take action, their strength would definitely not be something that the Worldly Special Force could resist. However, after thinking for a few seconds, Xu Tui slowly shook his head. Everyone was stunned.

“Do you think that the people from the Indrat Special Force and the Freedom Special Force will cooperate with us if we look for them?”

Everyone was silent.

“If someone killed about a fifth of the members of the Worldly Special Force, would we easily abandon our past grudges and cooperate with them?” Xu Tui was even more direct now.

Everyone was silent.

This was also a big problem.

Members of the Freedom Special Force and the Indrat Special Force had died at the hands of the Worldly Special Force in the previous conflict. If he were to pull them over as teammates now, he would probably have to put in a lot of effort to guard against them stabbing him in the back.

Not everyone had the ability to be great and see the big picture.

For example, Xu Tui did not have the characteristic of being able to see the big picture half the time.

However, if they did not join forces, and the Spiritual Race really attacked…

At this moment, Xu Tui’s role as the backbone was revealed again. Everyone looked at Xu Tui and waited for Xu Tui, the regiment commander, to make the final decision.

“There’s no hurry. Just follow the previous plan. Defend this base well and use it well. Even if a quasi-planetary expert comes, it will still make him suffer. As for the alliance, let’s wait and see.” Xu Tui made a decision.

The members agreed and began to implement the plan. Xu Tui turned around and walked toward the absolute safety door in the deepest part of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base.

Since a fourth fleet had arrived now, there might be a fifth or even a sixth fleet.

They’ll talk about other things when most of them are here. If the Spiritual Race had a big appetite.

It was impossible for special forces like them to be united without enough external pressure.

At the same time, Danrick, the commander of the Freedom Special Force, and Larriwang, the commander of the Indrat Special Force, were also thinking about the same question. To be able to become the candidate for the commander of the extraterrestrial development special forces in their respective sectors, their intelligence was definitely above average.

They could tell what Xu Tui could tell and thought about it.

This guess was not difficult. However, how to do it was complicated.

Deep in the base, in front of the Absolute Safety Gate, Xu Tui once again took out the alloy block in his mind power shield helmet. To be honest, if this thing was thrown to the side of the road now, no one would think that it was a captive. They would only think that it was a very ordinary alloy block.

However, as Xu Tui took it out, it lit up slightly.

“Try again,” Xu Tui said.

“My dear Xu, your power is really strange. You have the strength of a quasi-planetary-level, but you don’t seem to be…”

Previously, when he had worked with Xu Tui to open the absolute safe door, the contact with his mind power had allowed Lavis to understand Xu Tui’s power a lot.

Xu Tui ignored Lavis. Instead, he said directly, “Continue to support your mind power and wrap it around my power, just like before.” “Understood!”

“Old Yan, you and Hailong guard it. Watch it for us.”

Xu Tui instructed and began to work with Lavis to open the absolute safety door again. This time, he was even more experienced than the last time.

Xu Tui’s mind power did sense a repulsive force from the door. However, this repulsive force disappeared after it touched Lavis’ mind power.

The door was slowly opening at an extremely small angle.

It was almost a millimeter per move. It opened extremely slowly. The rancid smell that gushed out of it also increased. Five minutes later, the absolute safety door was opened at a 40-degree angle. He could easily enter and leave. It was very dark inside and he could not see anything.

Xu Tui’s mental perception first sensed five swords.

Five swords that emitted an extremely ferocious aura.

‘I’ne moment Xu ‘I’lll’s mental perception came Into contact witn It, It was severed.

Yes, his mental perception had been severed! It felt like he was waving a piece of white paper above a sword. There was no contact, and then the white paper was torn.

There was also a humanoid object inside that could not be seen clearly.

After waiting for three minutes, when the rotten smell inside had mostly dissipated, Xu Tui took out a lighting rod and slowly walked into the absolute safety door with Yan Lie and Zhao Hailong.

A few lighting rods were attached to the wall. The absolutely safety door instantly became bright.

It was a huge humanoid object lying face down. Five swords could be seen with the naked eye, but they were indescribable.

How should he put it? He could only see five sword-shaped energy bodies nailed to the vital points of the huge humanoid object. There were swords nailed to the head, heart, waist, and abdomen. The head was the most, it had three swords. @@novelbin@@

The five energy swords nailed the huge humanoid object to the ground.

“He shouldn’t be from our Blue Star. He’s three meters tall,” Yan Lie analyzed. “It looks like the Spiritual Race, but not! Why does this appearance look like…” “This is from my Great Xi Clan,” Lavis suddenly said.

Everyone looked at each other. What was going on? The people of the Great Xi Clan had been nailed behind the absolute safety door of the Great Xi Clan by five swords. When everyone looked at the absolute safety door again, they realized that this was more like a tunnel. There was another door at the end of the tunnel.

“Another absolute safety door?” Xu Tui looked at Lavis, who was in the alloy block.

This time, Lavis repeatedly denied it. “This door is not the absolute safety door of our Great Xi Clan. The style of construction is also different. I don’t know it.”

Xu Tui furrowed his brows.

“Be careful. Don’t touch it!”

Zhao Hailong’s voice suddenly rang out. Yan Lie looked at the corpse of the Great Xi Clan curiously and carefully touched it with his finger.

When Zhao Hailong spoke, Yan Lie’s finger had already touched it. Xu Tui turned around at the same time and saw that when Yan Lie’s finger touched the corpse of the Great Xi Clan, the corpse suddenly disintegrated and turned into ashes.

In an instant, a corpse that was more than three meters tall disintegrated into ashes on the spot. During the disintegration process, it was like a black dragon fluctuating.

Yan Lie was terrified. He suddenly retreated. “Commander… Commander, I… didn’t do it on purpose.”

“It’s fine.” Xu Tui waved his hand. “This place looks like it has been here for some time. This will happen to anyone who touches it.”

However, even though the corpse had disintegrated into ashes, there were still five bulges where the five flying swords were nailed.

This place did not collapse on the spot. However, at this moment, it was covered by the decaying ashes of the body. He could not tell what was going on.

Xu Tui shook his mind power slightly and blew off the dust covering it, revealing five flickering balls. The center of the five balls was pierced through and nailed to the ground by an energy sword.

In the next moment, Lavis exclaimed. “Planetary realm! A four-star planetary powerhouse, and one from our Great Xi Clan! Oh my god, a power star! The remaining power star! And one from our Great Xi Clan!

“Perfect, too perfect! Could this be the so-called best arrangement of the heavens? Previously, my physical body had been destroyed and I had been captured, but now, I have the remains of a Planetary powerhouse with four satellites!

“Dear Xu, give it to me quickly! I promise that I’ll do whatever you ask me to

“

Xu Tui and the others did not think much of it, but the captive of the Great Xi Clan, Lavis, was the first to become excited. The joy of his roars even made him forget that he was a captive.

“Mr. Lavis, please recall your current identity. You are our captive. A captive!”

Xu Tui’s words were like a bucket of cold water that extinguished all of Lavis’ enthusiasm and excitement.

Yes, he was a captive. Captives had no human rights.

However…

“Dear Xu, think about it. Think about it! Give me this and I can pledge my allegiance to you! Really!” Lavis said.

“Hah!”

Xu Tui did not dare to accept Lavis’ loyalty.

“If I’m not wrong, this is the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body of your Great Xi Clan?” Xu Tui’s sudden statement stunned Lavis.

“You… You know?” Lavis was stunned.

Xu Tui let out a cold laugh. He pretended to be an expert.

The voice of Tri Ling Ding rang out in his mind..