Chapter 988 - Chapter 988: Ah Huang’S Chance And The Secret Of The Shadow Sword

Chapter 988: Ah Huang’s Chance and the Secret of the Shadow Sword

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Mysterious Silver Glazed Body was a slightly magical name. It sounded like it was not related to technology, andt it was indeed not.

Xu Tui was not pretending to know about the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. He really knew.

It was in the database of Old Cai’s Galaxy Spirit Research Institute.

Xu Tui learned a lot of secrets in Old Cai’s Galaxy Spirit Research Institute. For example, the sudden appearance of his grandmaster, Shang Long, during the Mars defense battle.

What appeared could be understood as a clone. However, it was not a clone that appeared and attacked with his sword.

According to Old Cai’s top-secret records in the Galaxy Spirit Research Institute’s database, there were three very difficult keys to achieve that situation.

The first difficulty was that the genetic information frequency was infinitely close to 100%. The second difficulty was one of the ways to use the abnormal load of mind power. The third difficulty was that he had to have a piece of Mysterious Silver Glazed Body as a medium.

Just like the Ling Clan, the Great Xi Clan was also a species that had deviated from the path of evolution. However, this deviation was not as useless as the Ling Clan.

It could be said that they had hit the jackpot by a fluke, or rather, they had done it on purpose.

When the Great Xi Clan cultivated, they would temper their physical and mental bodies against each other. In the end, their physical bodies would become objects that were most suitable for their mental bodies to live in and unleash their combat strength. Their mental bodies would also become the most adaptable mental bodies.

It was like a pen and a pen cover. The original pens and pen covers were the most compatible. They fit together tightly. However, if the original pen cover was gone, he could find a pen cover to insert and adapt to the situation.

Just like Lavis now.

His body was gone. It had been destroyed by the three-phase thermal bomb. However, his mental body found a suitable alloy block and crawled in. So he was still fine. This was also the reason why the Great Xi Clan had a longer lifespan than ordinary intelligent species.

It was said that the Mechanical Spirit Race was a product of the Spiritual Race’s imitation of the Great Xi Clan.

When the members of the Great Xi Clan broke through to the Planetary and formed a power star and power satellite, the true essence of their bodies would condense into a Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

This was an artificial substance that was most affinity with mind power and spirits discovered in the solar system and the Milky Way.

Its nature was a little similar to the Mechanical Spirit’s Mechanical Spirit Alloy, but it was countless times more precious.

Any mental body that could exist independently could be fused into the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and expanded with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body as the body.

Of course, the prerequisite was to completely kill the mind power in it.

To certain species, the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body of a Planetary powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan was even more useful than their original bodies.

There was no need to mention the value of this to the Great Xi Clan. It was a little like a great tonic. In terms of image, it had the effect of imparting cultivation. Below the Planetary realm, one’s strength would increase after integrating.

For a cultivator of the Great Xi Clan like Lavis who had lost his body, such a

Mysterious Silver Glazed Body was the best new body. There was no contest!

“Boss, can you give me one of this Mysterious Silver Glazed Body?” This was Tri Ling Ding’s request.

“Why do you need this?”

“Boss, this Mysterious Silver Glazed Body is both material and energy. It might be able to accelerate my growth. It should be very useful,” Tri Ling Ding said.

“You’ll gain weight if you walk any further. It’s not good to gain weight. It’s better to lose weight,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Tri Ling Ding was speechless.

“Boss, the strongest thing about the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body is that it can integrate into the mental body without limit, as well as expand and change. If I integrate a little of this, I might be able to control its size at will. Just give me one and let me try,” Tri Ling Ding begged.

“Isn’t that a divine artifact? How can I give it to you casually?” After a pause, Xu Tui said, “Can you mention something valuable? I might be able to consider rewarding you a little.”

“Valuable?” Tri Ling Ding thought for a moment. “Boss, someone might be very valuable.”

“Shoot. ‘

“It concerns that person.”

“Who is that?”

“It’s the one who can communicate with you through consciousness. I know its existence, but I can’t communicate with it directly,” Tri Ling Ding said.

This time, not only did Tri Ling Ding’s words stunned Xu Tui, but it also piqued his interest.

Ah Huang!

Tri Ling Ding was talking about Ah Huang!

“Tell me, how is this related?”

“Boss, your mind power is very strong. You should know the relationship between mind power, which is also a spirit, and the physical body, right?” Tri Ling Ding asked.

Xu Tui knew this very well.

Without a spirit in the physical body, one would be a walking corpse or a vegetable. A spirit without a container to rely on would quickly be eliminated by countless invisible particles and energy in the world. It might even completely dissipate.

In other words, death!

“For some reason, that person has already developed a spirit. However, its body, which is the carrier of the spirit, is the worst kind. It can barely provide it with a place to stay, but in such a container or body, it’s basically impossible for its spirit to grow,” Tri Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui suddenly understood what Tri Ling Ding meant.

“Are you saying that you want Ah Huang to use this Mysterious Silver Glazed Body as its physical body? However, Ah Huang’s main body is a quantum computer chip. The strongest thing about it is its memory, storage, and computing ability. Without the chip, I’m afraid that it…”

Xu Tui suddenly froze.

What was the most obvious characteristic of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body? It could expand, fused, and be perfectly accommodated.

“Can Ah Huang’s chip fuse into the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body?” Xu Tui asked.

“This… I’m not sure either. That’s the theory. If it can fuse, theoretically, that friend can become whatever form it wants! Of course, this is also limited by the number of Mysterious Silver Glazed Bodies,” Tri Ling Ding said.

Tri Ling Ding’s words exploded in Xu Tui’s mind.

After fusing with the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body, it could make Ah Huang change into any form it wanted. Wasn’t this an omnipotent artificial intelligence quantum computer?

He was awesome.

As expected of a key material that could be used by his grandmaster, Shang Long, to use a clone.

Then, Xu Tui told Ah Huang about this as quickly as he could.

Even though Ah Huang was only a mutated artificial intelligence that had just comprehended something, it was still excited. This meant that it would become a nearly independent lifeform.

“Of course, no one has done this before. It might also be risky.” “So be it. I want to try. Besides, don’t I have a backup?” Ah Huang said indifferently.

“But there are no backups of the spirits you produced!”

“Help me. I want to change my living method. Even Principal Cai’s information vault records something. It will definitely not harm my spirit,” Ah Huang said. “Okay, then I’ll keep this thing first and study it carefully before trying it out.”

“I’ll look forward to it.”

However, when Xu Tui was about to accept the five Mysterious Silver Glazed Bodies, he was in a difficult position.

Five swords!

The five energy swords were nailed to the center of this thing. Xu Tui’s mental perception had been able to cut through the energy swords just now. How could he retract them?

A minute later, Yan Lie casually found an alloy metal rod for Xu Tui in the base. Xu Tui wanted to stab the sword to see if it was still lethal. He stabbed the sword with his rod. The sword seemed to be empty as the rod passed through the sword.

However, Xu Tui, Yan Lie, and Zhao Hailong were all dumbfounded when he retracted his rod from the sword shadow.

The moment the rod retracted, the part that had touched the sword just now immediately turned into powder and dissipated with the wind.

This made Xu Tui feel his hair stand on end. Damn it, luckily he did not touch it with his hand. His hand would be gone if he touched it.

Yan Lie had a lingering fear. Looking at the five extremely precious Mysterious Silver Glazed Bodies, he could do nothing. He could not get it.

“Lavis, what do you think of this? Can that sword be broken?” Xu Tui shook the alloy body that Lavis was in. Lavis was so frightened that he screamed.

“No, no, no. This will kill me completely. Don’t use me to get close to it…” It was quite painful to see but not be able to get a good treasure.

After discussing it with Yan Lie and Zhao Hailong, they were at their wit’s end. Their energy field power would be shattered if they got close. @@novelbin@@

It was not even as good as Xu Tui’s mental perception.

“I say, Tri Ling Ding, this sword is so powerful, and your body is said to have an invincible defense. Why don’t I use you to touch it?” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Don’t… Don’t… I’m afraid of it…

This time, even Tri Ling Ding trembled. Xu Tui was stunned. Were these five incorporeal sword shadows that strong?

However, thinking about how it could nail a Planetary powerhouse to death after so many years, it was already strong enough.

“Boss, this sword… doesn’t have a physical body. You can try touching it with your mind power,” Tri Ling Ding suggested.

“I tried just now. My mental perception was cut off before it could come into contact with it,” Xu Tui said.

“It’s not mental perception! You smeared Principal Cai’s face with an order. See if he’ll beat you up. If you see a beauty, go up and hug her. See if she scolds you. However, the outcome might be different if you touch it gently with the tip of your finger,” Tri Ling Ding said.

Xu Tui was stunned. He sized up Tri Ling Ding again. “When did you learn humor? You even know how to use beauties as an analogy?”

After two breaths of silence, Tri Ling Ding said, “I learned it from you, especially that Cui guy. He’s either talking or racing every day. My ability to learn new knowledge is still very strong.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

Old Cui’s mouth could even lead alien creatures astray. However, what Tri Ling Ding said made sense.

He carefully touched it with a small amount of mind power to see how the situation was. Three seconds later, Xu Tui’s mind power gathered at a point. It was like a finger as he carefully tapped the side of one of the shadow swords.

This was as if he had touched a switch. Xu Tui’s mind power was instantly pulled into the shadow sword.

However, to Xu Tui, it was as if the shadow sword had been angered. It flew toward his mental body and instantly enveloped it.

Just as Xu Tui was so shocked that his soul almost left his body, an image suddenly appeared in his mind..