Chapter 980 - Chapter 980: We Are Friends (3)

Chapter 980: We Are Friends (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I might not die, but I can definitely kill you before I die!”

To be honest, Xu Tui would have killed Burt and the others a long time ago if he did not want to exchange for Tao Guan and the others. It would not have been so troublesome.

However, from the looks of it, Burt had lost three out of five limbs. It was impossible for him to have any combat strength in a short period of time. Even if he was exchanged alive, it would be useless.

They could exchange without worry now.

Xu Tui was still a little afraid of Transmutation Realm experts. He treated them seriously. He was not a sadist. He had just continuously weakened Burt’s strength.

They were preparing for the possible situation after the exchange of captives.

“Break one of their legs! Old Cui, contact the commander of the Freedom Special Force, Danrick.”

A minute later, the call was connected.

As soon as the call was connected, Danrick, the commander of the Freedom Special Forces, shouted, “You can’t hurt our members anymore. If you hurt our members again, we’ll kill the captives and your members!”

There were many captives. When Xu Tui was dealing with Burt and Lilith just now, many of the captives’ communication channels were open. It could be said that Danrick, Kenny, and the others had listened to it once.

He was extremely anxious when he heard that.

“Kill our members?” Xu Tui sneered. “Here, everyone heard it. Let’s see who can

kill faster! You threatened us to kill the captives first. You started it! Come, newbie, train your guts!”

Cui Xi casually pushed out a new member. Xu Tui handed the saber to him and grabbed a captive. “Behead him!”

The new member’s name was Wang Xiaozhi. His hands trembled when he heard Xu Tui telling him to behead someone. He had seen blood before, but he had never killed a living person.

“Behead!” With a roar, Xu Tui used a trace of spiritual resonance and spiritual radiation to transmit his courage, confidence, protection, and other beliefs.

Being kind to the enemy was being cruel to your own people.

Under Xu Tui’s invisible encouragement, Wang Xiaozhi roared. He slashed down with his saber, and the head rolled out. Blood splattered everywhere.

“No!” Danrick screamed in pain. “Devil, you’re a devil!”

Amidst the violent blood, many of the new members avoided eye contact. However, the old members, such as Yang Huai, Yan Lie, Cui Xi, Miao Huanshan, Mu Xingluan, and the others, watched indifferently.

The mountains of corpses and seas of blood on the resource planet had already trained them. @@novelbin@@

“The enemy is used to kill, not to sympathize!” Yan Lie added coldly.

“Which member of mine do you want to kill? Hurry up! We’ll compete in speed. I have 61 captives on my side. Many members need to see blood and chop off their heads to practice. If you kill one of mine, I’ll kill ten of yours as companions.” Xu Tui’s voice was extremely cold in the communication channel. There was no emotion in it.

“No! Don’t do that! What do you want? What do you want? Tell me! Don’t kill my comrades anymore!” After witnessing the beheading through the video, Danrick almost broke down!

Senior Military Advisor Kenny was also helpless. At this point, there was no way to follow the rules. He could only talk about fists. However, they were the ones who did not follow the rules first. What was worse was that their fists were not big enough.

‘What do I want? Oh, I just want to kill someone. How about that?”

“State your conditions. State them. What exactly do you want!” After a short period of emotional fluctuation, Danrick regained his composure.

Since the Worldly Special Force did not kill anyone and kept captives, they must have a motive.

“Oh, then let’s exchange captives.” Xu Tui did not say anything else.

“Alright, then let’s exchange! You release all the captives, and we’ll release your four members!” Danrick said..