Chapter 984 - Chapter 984: Absolute Safety Gate Deep In The Base

Chapter 984: Absolute Safety Gate Deep in the Base

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Even though the Indrat Special Force in the India Sector had as many as 260 members and three high-level military consultants in the Transmutation Realm, they did not dare to charge into the ancient base of the Great Xi Tribe casually.

The lesson of the Freedom Special Force was there.

There were also 200 members of the Freedom Special Force. In terms of overall strength, they were only a little weaker than their Indrat Special Force.

Of course, this was what Larriwang and the members of the Indrat Special Force thought.

However, in their opinion, the Freedom Special Force had consumed a wave of the strength of the Worldly Special Force. If they carefully attacked now, their chances of winning were still extremely high.

After all, the number of the Worldly Special Force was small. Therefore, after landing on the Fuqiang asteroid, the Indrat Special Force began to explore the entrance of the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

The drones, mechanical crawlers, and mental perception began to carefully explore the situation in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan to prevent them from being ambushed like the Freedom Special Force.

They were very careful.

Most of the members of the Worldly Special Force who were already prepared for battle were a little bored. The ancient base of the Great Xi Clan was very large. It took the members of the Worldly Special Force three hours to explore all of the ancient bases of the Great Xi Clan.

All the tunnels and function areas had been mapped and classified. Even the various small structures of the materials were clearly explored. The architecture of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base was extremely ingenious. There were many hidden functional areas that the Worldly Special Force did not discover at the beginning.

He discovered it after he explored it later. He did not know how to activate it after he discovered it. Then, Xu Tui obtained a small trick from the captive, Lavis.

It had to be said that this captive, Lavis, had saved him a lot of worry. He was very cooperative! He had no intention of resisting. He just answered whatever he was asked. Even the cultivation theories and methods of the Great Xi Clan had been sorted out and handed over to Xu Tui. There were even some of his own cultivation insights mixed in.

It was also because after discovering the various hidden buildings of the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, they made new discoveries in the exploration of the ancient base.

Yan Lie casually opened a hidden building bar at the end of a functional area in the base.

Most of these buildings were empty. Occasionally, there would be things that had long decayed.

These hidden buildings should be the hidden spaces where the Great Xi Clan stored miscellaneous items in the base.

From the architectural style, the Great Xi Clan was an extremely rigorous race.

This kind of hidden storage compartment might be for cleanliness and convenience?

However, behind the hidden building block that Yan Lie discovered was a door. A huge alloy door that was five meters wide and eight meters wide looked extremely heavy.

Yan Lie informed Xu Tui after he tried to pull it open but failed. In the depths of such a base, such a huge alloy door itself represented that it was unusual.

“There’s a different world?”

Xu Tui looked at the door and instantly sent his mind power through it.

The next second, Xu Tui froze. This alloy door actually had materials that could block mind power. Even mind power could not pass through it. “Not even energy field power?” Xu Tui asked Yan Lie.

“I’ve tried. It won’t work.” Yan Lie shook his head.

Xu Tui became energetic. What was hidden behind a huge alloy door that looked like it could block energy field and mind power?

There was a door winch on the door. Xu Tui tried it, but he could not turn it. Perhaps it was because it was sealed, or perhaps he did not have enough strength.

Xu Tui thought about it and took out Lavis from the mental shield hat. He placed him in front of the alloy door. “What’s this?”

“Oh my god, this… How can there be an absolute safety door in this ancient base! That was impossible. Why would the advance team sent by our Great Xi a hundred years ago build an absolute safety door here? What did they discover? Why are there no records in the clan? Or did I not see it?”

Amidst Lavis’s shocked exclamation, Xu Tui’s expression darkened. “Get to the point. What does your absolute safe door mean?”

“In the universe, many intelligent species have safe houses or safety doors. However, these safe houses or safety doors actually have directions that can be used. For example, intelligent species whose main attack direction is technological. Their safety gates are very easy to break through by technological means,” Lavis said.

“That’s not possible, right? Even if the safety door is controlled with technological power, it should have considered all the situations. It won’t be broken through easily!” Yang Huai said.

The alloy block where Lavis was flickered with light. It was as if he was looking at Yang Huai as he said, “Here, this is the so-called understanding within the same dimension! You think that no one can crack your technological safety door. That is within your cognitive dimension.

“In the eyes of the high-level intelligent species, your so-called flawless and safe are as simple and stupid as children playing house! For this, we call this confidence the stupidity of the low-dimensional!”

Yang Huai was rendered speechless by a captive. His chest heaved a few times, but he finally accepted it.

Lavis was right!

Xu Tui had actually mentioned this cognitive dimension to them a few times over the past few days. He had not thought about it carefully before.

From the looks of it, that was indeed the case.

Xu Tui still instilled some of Cai Shaochu’s theories and thoughts into his subordinates when he had the time. He hoped that the members of the Worldly Special Force would grow with him. In the future, no matter what happened to Xu Tui, with them around, the Huaxia Sector would have more than a dozen people.

Xu Tui seemed to have been affected by Cai Shaochu. He had to consider the future of the Huaxia Sector first. He did not dare to forget the country!

This kind of thought might be useless. Someone might laugh at Xu Tui, but Xu Tui had already thought it through. It was his own business if he wanted to consider it like this. What others thought was someone else’s business.

As long as he was happy!

“What’s an absolute safety door?”

“Power! A door that can only be opened with absolute power is called an absolute safety door.”

“Then what kind of power do I have to use to open this door?” Xu Tui asked.

“A quasi-planetary or planetary-level powerhouse. And he has to be from our race,” Lavis said.

“We can’t open it?” Xu Tui was stunned.

“That’s the theory. Unless there’s a power among you that far exceeds a Planetary powerhouse and can be broken through by force,” Lavis said.

“What’s behind the door?” Xu Tui asked with a frown.

“I don’t know!” When he saw Xu Tui’s eyes widen and reveal a ferocious gaze, Lavis quickly added, “Under normal circumstances, it has to be an extremely important strategic resource that can determine life and death. Or something more important than life and death would use such an absolute safety door.” Xu Tui was stunned for a moment. He suddenly stared at Lavis and said, “Open

“I can’t open it.”

“You said that a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse can open it. You’re a quasi-planetary!” @@novelbin@@

“That was before. My strength has already fallen to the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm. Unless you are willing to give me half a month to cultivate and absorb energy to recover my strength,” Lavis said.

“Think of a way to open it! Otherwise, there’s no need for me to keep a useless captive. It can be used to train my whip technique.” Xu Tui instantly flashed his mental vibrating whip.

Although he could not see Xu Tui’s whip, Lavis could sense it. He immediately trembled.

It was this whip that caused his strength to continuously decrease.

Due to the cultivation techniques and reasons, the Great Xi Clan could recover if their strength decreased. However, if their strength decreased too much, it would cause permanent damage.

Not to mention anything else, even now, Lavis, who had already fallen to the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm, could only recover his strength to the peak of the Transmutation Realm in a short period of time. It would take an even longer time to recover to the quasi-planetary realm.

If he was whipped a few more times, his strength would decrease again. He might even need to cultivate again.

That would be terrible. Nor was it something that Lavis was willing to see.

“Don’t hit me. I’m serious. My strength has dropped. If it hasn’t, I’ll help you open it immediately.” Lavis was anxious.

“Then I don’t care. Think of a way yourself! I’ll be very angry if I can’t open it. The only way to vent my anger is to whip you,” Xu Tui said.

Lavis: ‘

“Don’t whip me… Give me some time. Let me think. Let me think!” A few minutes later, Lavis suddenly said happily, “There’s a way. This base has stopped operating for a long time. We might be able to try. I can use the power mark, but you have to have a quasi-planetary powerhouse assisting me to open it.”

“We don’t have a quasi-planet!”

Lavis was about to become autistic because of Xu Tui.

“To be honest, Commander Xu Tui, I can’t do it without strength to open the absolute safety door. Even if you kill me, I won’t be able to come up with a way.”

At this point, the alloy block that Lavis was in suddenly flickered at Xu Tui. “Commander Xu Tui, that’s right. When we were fighting previously, I sensed the aura of a quasi-planetary powerhouse on you. Try working with me. We might be able to.”

Xu Tui was stunned.

Xu Tui was about to say that the quasi-planetary aura he emitted could only scare people. It was just for show. He had reached the realm, but his strength had not reached it.

He was not even at the Transmutation Realm, let alone a quasi-planet. He was about to say something when Xu Tui suddenly felt that the door would not get pregnant if he gave it a try.

Just as Lavis had said, the base had stopped operating for so long. Perhaps it had fallen into disrepair over the years?

“Why don’t we try?”

“Alright, do as I say. Use my mind power as a guide. Remember to be gentle.

Don’t pierce through my mind power membrane…” In order to avoid being whipped, Lavis went all out.

Xu Tui began to follow Lavis’ instructions and slowly output his mind power to try to open the absolute safety door.

The moment Xu Tui’s aura rose with all his might, Yan Lie, Mu Xingluan, and the others nearby were stunned. This was the first time they could clearly sense the aura of a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse on their regiment commander.

But wasn’t the regiment commander at the Genetic Evolution Realm?

The people nearby were extremely shocked and puzzled.

A minute later, in order not to be whipped, Lavis shouted with difficulty, “Soon. Work harder. It’s moving. Steady, it’s moving…”

Amidst the extremely unpleasant creaking sound, the absolute safety door, which was unknown how heavy it was, suddenly twisted to a small angle. An unpleasant rotten smell wafted out. The corner of Xu Tui’s mouth curled up slightly.

He could do it!

It could be opened!

Was it because the base had stopped operating that the absolute safety door had fallen into disrepair over the years? Or had he, a fake quasi-planet, played a role? Or was it because of his cooperation with Lavis?

With Xu Tui and Lavis working together, the absolute safety door slowly opened at an extremely slow speed. It was also at this moment that Cui Xi’s voice suddenly sounded in the command channel.

“Commander, the people from the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force have already begun to enter the base. Please enter the combat position immediately! ”

“Attention, all units. Get into combat positions immediately!”

In the next moment, Xu Tui retracted his mind power. “Let’s go. Let’s work first before opening it..