Chapter 986 - Chapter 986: Who Is The Baiter?

Chapter 986: Who Is the Baiter?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the tunnel on the left of the Great Xi’s ancient base, the commander of the Indrat Special Force, Larriwang, had brought a large number of elites to reinforce them.

This was especially so since they had brought more than 30 elites who were good at long-range attacks. It instantly turned the situation around.

“Old Zhou, hold them off. Murong, Hailong, and Yang Huai will cover the retreat. Commander, keep an eye on them. The others will retreat as they fight!” Cui Xi decisively gave the order to retreat.

In the battle of 32, they could still win with the cooperation of Commander Xu Tui. However, casualties were unavoidable.

Cui Xi chose to retreat.

At this moment, the Worldly Special Force knew the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan very well. The advantage of fighting in the streets and guerrilla warfare was too great. There was no need to fight to the death.

Actually, it was a little difficult to retreat unscathed in such a stalemate. But there was Xu Tui’s mental vibrating whip.

Half of the long-range attacks were supernatural attacks from the Mystery Branch.

With a whip, more than half of the supernatural attacks within a few meters of the other party dissipated. Coupled with Zhou Chuan holding them back, all the members of the Worldly Special Force retreated without any damage.

Of course, there were many minor injuries.

Almost all of the new members were injured, but they also quickly matured during the battle.

Many of the new members had even killed in the previous battles.

In the short five minutes of battle just now, the Worldly Special Force had killed eight members of the Indrat Special Force and injured dozens.

This was especially so for the 51 people who had accepted the challenge at the beginning. Almost all of them were injured.

At this moment, as soon as the Worldly Special Force left, they became anxious and wanted to pursue.

I’ll take your life while you’re weak!

If you retreat, you have to pursue.

However, Commander Larriwang shouted, “You’re not allowed to chase after them. Retreat!”

Larriwang was still extremely prestigious in the Indrat Special Force. With his roar, most of the members retreated. However, there were two greenhorns who did not care and wanted to chase after them. One of them even turned around and shouted, “Such a good opportunity. If we don’t chase after him to avenge our dead brothers, are we going to wait for next year?”

Slap!

With a flash, Commander Larriwang slapped the member who shouted to the ground. He slapped him extremely hard!

“If you dare to disobey orders again, I’ll kill you now!” When Larriwang shouted this, his mouth was filled with the smell of blood.

Would he dare to pursue? He did not dare to! Even if he had ten guts, he would not dare to chase after them. @@novelbin@@

God knew if it was a trick of the Worldly Special Force to lure the enemy. If they chased after them and the Worldly Special Force gave them another three-phase thermal bomb, even he would probably be ashes!

Under such a tunnel-shaped terrain, it was too easy for the three-phase thermal bomb to destroy Evolution Realm experts like them.

Then, Larriwang ordered everyone to retreat to the entrance of the Great Xi Race’s ancient base.

Seeing that some of the members were still indignant, he told them about the situation on the right. In an instant, all the members quietened down. The members who had caused trouble just now felt a chill run down their spines.

The 51 people on the right, including the Transmutation Realm consultant, were all wiped out.

They were all wiped out!

If they chased after them and attacked again, the Indrat Special Force might be eliminated.

While the members of the Indrat Special Force were rejoicing, their commander, Larriwang, was depressed and helpless. Suddenly, he was in a dilemma.

He did not dare to attack.

No matter which direction they attacked from, if the Worldly Special Force detonated one or two more three-phase thermal bombs from 200 meters away, they would probably be dead. However, guarding the entrance of the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan might not be a good thing.

They had to be wary of the surprise attacks of the Worldly Special Force. They also had to be careful of the bastards of the Freedom Special Force.

The guys from the American Sector had never been trustworthy. He had been careful enough, but he had still been misled.

Larriwang had also thought of another plan. He would attack with firearms. For example, the three-phase thermal explosive.

There were fewer of these things in the India Sector. They were even more precious than the other sectors. The India Sector had given three of them to the Indrat Special Forces just in case. Especially when he encountered a Planetary or quasi-planetary powerhouse, he had a way to take a gamble.

However, the problem was that they could not lock onto the location of the members of the Worldly Special Force inside the base. Although the three-phase thermal bomb could be tracked and guided, it had to be guided accordingly.

They do not have these conditions now. It was most likely a waste to use a three-phase thermal explosive to blast its way in through a certain tunnel.

They could not enter, nor could they not retreat.

Larriwang was anxious and angry. His mouth was about to blister. A few minutes later, Larriwang connected to Danrick, the commander of the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force.

After the call was connected, Larriwang questioned angrily, “Didn’t you say that you captured the four people from the Worldly Special Force and injured them? Why are their participants still full?”

“I did capture them, but they exchanged them back later. I didn’t lie to you!”

“Why didn’t you say anything? Also, what’s with the three-phase thermal explosive?” Larriwang asked angrily.

“You didn’t ask, and we have no obligation to tell you! The three-phase thermal bombs were exchanged for captives. They also captured some of our personnel.”

Larriwang was speechless.

“How many of you did they capture? Do they want you to exchange three-phase thermal bombs for them?” Larriwang was anxious. After a few seconds of silence, Danrick said, “More than 20 people…” There were more than 20 people. Larriwang wanted to curse.

“By the way, how’s your battle going? I felt a huge energy fluctuation just now. Did you use a large number of firearms?” Danrick said anxiously.

Hearing this, Larriwang did not answer. He was so angry that he hung up. Such an ally was too much of a scam. He actually wanted to know the situation of the battle from him. Dream on!

In the distance, in the temporary camp that was still being built by the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force, Danrick looked at the three military consultants, Burt, Lilith, and Kenny, with a solemn expression. “Did you hear that? It’s wise for us to retreat. The Indrat Special Force in the India Sector must have suffered a huge loss. Otherwise, Larriwang would not be like this.”

After a few seconds of silence, Burt and Kenny nodded at the same time. This young commander of the special forces seemed to have a strategic vision.

In the depths of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base, Cui Xi, Yan Lie, Yang Huai, and the others were a little disappointed when they realized that the people from the Indrat Special Force had not caught up.

If the people from the Indrat Special Force dared to catch up, they would be able to use their subsequent tactics.

They had prepared several tactics, such as using the tunnel to split the enemy and kill a portion of the members. If they were unlucky and caught up to some specific locations, they could even be given a three-phase thermal explosion gift bag.

“I’m afraid that the people from the Indrat Special Force won’t dare to charge in for the time being,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Why?” Yan Lie could not understand. The Indrat Special Force had just lost a small battle. Why did they not dare to attack?

“Their right path is completely wiped out!”

After being stunned for two breaths, Yan Lie, Luo Murong, Mu Xingluan, and the others gasped. “Three-phase thermal bomb, 51 people?”

Everyone was stunned for a few seconds.

A three-phase thermal bomb had killed so many people. It was really… Everyone understood why the Indrat Special Force did not dare to chase after them. If it were them, they would not dare to chase after them.

If you dare to chase after me, I’ll detonate another three-phase thermal bomb for you. Are you afraid?

It was impossible not to be afraid! Even quasi-planetary experts had to be afraid of this terrain.

“Old Cui, split into two groups. One group, keep an eye on the Indrat Special Forces, especially at the key intersection. We must not let them in. The other group of people, hurry up and recuperate. You have to maintain your combat strength at all times,” Xu Tui instructed.

“Yes, don’t worry, Commander.”

Cui Xi was already very familiar with these things.

After giving a few instructions, Xu Tui prepared to go to the absolute safety door in the deepest part of the base to take a look.

For the time being, the Indrat Special Force did not dare to attack. So he wanted to see what was behind the absolute safety door.

Just as Xu Tui was about to leave, Jiang Nan, who was acting as a radar monitor, suddenly shouted, “Commander, we’ve discovered another fleet.

There are 18 energy signals from the fleet, and their cruising speed is 30 to 40 Mach. If there are no more corrections, their destination is the Fuqiang asteroid.

“At the current cruising speed, they are expected to arrive at the Fuqiang asteroid in an hour.”

Everyone was stunned.

This cruising speed and characteristics, as well as the situation of the Freedom Special Force and the Indrat Special Force, were most likely the Blue Star’s development special forces.

So the problem came.

In the vast sea of stars, the probability of two special forces from an unknown asteroid coming at the same time was about the same as winning the five million yuan lottery. The probability of three special forces coming at the same time was about the same as winning the lottery and being struck by lightning.

As for four special forces coming at the same time, there was definitely a problem behind them.

Especially when it involved the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

Everyone immediately realized the seriousness of the problem. The complexity behind this was hard to say.

“Can you contact the Manut asteroid?” Xu Tui asked.

Cui Xi shook his head. “According to the current interference of the electromagnetic storm, it will take at least eight hours for it to recover, if there are no accidents.”

“We were the first to arrive. In less than three hours, the American Sector’s

Freedom Special Force arrived. Not long after, the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force also arrived. Their goals are still very unanimous. It is the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

“Now, there’s a fourth team suspected to be the Blue Star Development Special Force. Do you think there’s a fifth, sixth, or even seventh team?” Xu Tui asked.

“It’s hard to say. It’s possible!”

“Based on the current situation, it’s very likely.”

“That’s not all. When we arrived, the advance team of the Great Xi Clan arrived.

There were also quasi-planetary-level powerhouses…”

Xu Tui suddenly broke out in a cold sweat as he analyzed. He had not noticed it before. Now that he analyzed it, why did he feel that the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan looked more and more like bait?

Cui Xi and the others broke out in a cold sweat when this thought was raised. They would not know if they did not think in this direction. The more they thought about it, the more they analyzed it, This was too f*cking like bait! The question was, who was the baiter?