Chapter 985 - Chapter 985: Our Warning Is Very Sincere

Chapter 985: Our Warning Is Very Sincere

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At the entrance of the Great Xi’s ancient base, the commander of the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force, Larriwang, was commanding the troops under him to enter the Great Xi’s ancient base.

Due to the fact that there were many members, the team that entered the search area was divided into three teams. Each team had about 50 people.

The terrain in the ancient base was complicated. There were many tunnels. If there were too many people, they would not be able to expand.

At the same time, Larriwang also left a team of people to guard the entrance of the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. At the same time, he used this time to use the Aerospace Combat Jet and the supply ships to build an internal and external defense line.

Of course, they defended the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan both internally and externally. However, they defended the Worldly Special Force internally and the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force externally.

Nominally and even officially, the America Sector and the India Sector had mutual assistance agreements and similar alliances.

You could make use of your allies. You could cooperate and fight together. However, under normal circumstances, you could not hand your back to your allies.

The commander of the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force, Larriwang, was very wise.

Other than that, Larriwang had also prepared two rapid emergency teams at the entrance of the ancient base. No matter which direction they discovered the Worldly Special Force hidden deep in the base, they would be able to quickly provide support.

Larriwang was still very careful.

There were at least 10 unmanned machines in front of the three special forces that had begun to explore the ancient base. They were conducting all kinds of enhanced scans and clearing the way.

He did not want to be tricked by the Worldly Special Force like the Freedom Special Force.

Just as the members of the Indrat Special Force entered the base on a large scale, an ear-piercing alarm and the final warning of the Worldly Special Force sounded.

“Serious warning: India Sector’s Indrat Special Force, you have already barged into the occupied area of the Huaxia Sector’s Fuqiang asteroid. Please withdraw immediately! Repeat, you have crossed the line. Please withdraw immediately! Otherwise, you will have to bear the consequences!”

At the entrance, the captain of the Indrat Special Force, Larriwang, curled his lips when he heard this voice. He had heard such a warning many times since he landed today. He ignored the warning and shouted in the command channel, “Defensive stance, increase your vigilance and report the situation at any time.”

Then, the captains of the three exploration teams who entered first immediately reported that there were no problems. Everything was normal.

There were no abnormalities or firearms in the drone clearing team.

Deep in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, Xu Tui looked at the image transmitted to him and sighed. ‘Why can’t the six major sectors of the Blue Star cooperate in the asteroid belt? The Spiritual Race is still eyeing us covetously, and now there’s another Great Xi Clan. However, we have to fight among ourselves.”

“Perhaps the last great victory on Mars made them feel that the Spiritual Race is only so-so. Therefore, the development strategy of the asteroid belt is also more radical.” Luo Murong, who rarely spoke, also sighed softly.

In the next moment, Xu Tui’S expression instantly became extremely sharp. “Since they didn’t listen to the warning, they’re the enemy. Old Cui, act according to the plan.”

Then, under Cui Xi’s command, the combat teams pounced forward. Xu Tui followed behind them from afar as if he was taking a leisurely stroll. However, his mind power had already covered an area of 2,000 meters.

It was only in the underground base that the penetration of his mental perception was greatly affected. Otherwise, Xu Tui’s current mind power would definitely be able to cover the entrance of the Great Xi Race’s ancient base.

“Commander, in position four, there is a 51-person combat team from the Indrat Special Force. They will arrive at the designated location. There might be a Transmutation Realm expert in this team,” Cui Xi reminded him.

“Is there a difference?”

Xu Tui curled his lips in disdain. He could already see the fourth position that Cui Xi had mentioned with his mental perception. It was a slightly narrow tunnel. The 51-man exploration formation of the Indrat Special Force did not stretch far, but it was not long.

Ten unmanned machines of different forms were carefully exploring the area 30 meters in front of them.

As these unmanned machines explored, the exploration team was also advancing carefully.

“You’re indeed careful. However, what I want to use is a three-phase thermal explosive, and you guys are only at the Evolution Realm…”

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui opened the hidden storage compartment of an ancient base of the Great Xi Clan under the control of his mind power. The three-phase thermal explosive that had been placed inside fell out.

He had calculated their postures and direction. The moment it fell, Xu Tui activated his mind power again and used his mind power to detonate the three-phase thermal bomb.

Almost the moment the three-phase thermal bomb fell out, the Transmutation Realm military consultant from the India Sector who was in the middle suddenly became so nervous that his old face twisted.

“Retreat, it’s a three-phase thermal bomb!”

The moment he roared, the India Sector’s Transmutation Realm military consultant turned around and retreated. However, the moment he retreated, his heart was filled with despair.

A tunnel!

It was a narrow and long tunnel. This would gather the explosive power of the three-phase thermal bomb and create a stronger lethality radius. Whether or not he could survive was another matter. As for the others…

“That’s too ruthless.” As he muttered, an earth spike suddenly rose in front of him and stopped him for a moment, causing his figure to stop for a moment. @@novelbin@@

At this moment, this Transmutation Realm military consultant from the India Sector was instantly devoured by the brilliance of the three-phase thermal bomb.

Just as he had expected, the long and narrow tunnel would naturally gather the power of some of the three-phase thermal bombs in this direction to increase its power.

At the entrance of the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, the face of Larriwang, the commander of the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force, suddenly turned pale.

The ground shook. A shocking heat suddenly surged out of one of the entrances. Then, there was a roar that temporarily deafened his ears.

“This… This… This is a nuclear bomb…” Larriwang muttered to himself, but in just an instant, he felt two waves of pain in his ears. Then, there was another wave of even more intense flames in the tunnel. “It’s not a nuclear bomb. It’s a three-phase thermal bomb!”

The color on Larriwang’s face instantly faded. Ten seconds later, the shock wave and the high temperature decreased slightly. Larriwang led his men crazily toward the tunnel from the explosion.

Almost at the same time that the explosion began, the members of the Worldly

Special Force also charged towards the team in the left base of the Great Xi Clan under the lead of Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Luo Murong, Cui Xi, and the others.

32 against 51.

Moreover, Xu Tui had specially instructed them to focus on training the soldiers. The main members, such as Zhao Hailong, Yan Lie, Luo Murong, and Yang Huai, all restrained a little and let the new members train.

Xu Tui also radiated his mental perception over and observed the situation of the battle. If any of the members were in danger, he would provide support at any time.

Zhou Chuan, who had originally targeted the strongest Transmutation Realm military consultant in this team, became depressed again.

He had been arranged by Cui Xi again. He arranged for him to hold the line and take care of the new members.

As for the Transmutation Realm military consultant, he had long been occupied by Zhao Hailong.

Zhao Hailong wanted to increase his combat strength in such an actual battle and even find a possibility of breaking through.

“Old Cui, give me another one.” Thirty seconds later, Zhao Hailong, who felt that he was not strong enough, roared.

Cui Xi gritted his teeth. In terms of being ruthless to himself in terms of cultivation, not many people could compare to Zhao Hailong.

Then, Zhou Chuan was arranged again. He was arranged to lure a relatively strong Evolution Realm expert to Zhao Hailong’s side and increase the pressure on him.

Comrade Zhou Chuan felt extremely dispirited. Shouldn’t a Transmutation Realm expert like him be the main force in such a special force? Why has he become a tool now? Why had he become a tool for the new members of the Worldly Special Force to increase their strength?

Behind him, Tao Guan was as agile as an ape in the tunnel. He did not miss his shot. The depression of being captured erupted at this moment. For a moment, the 32 people from the Worldly Special Force had the upper hand. This made the captain of this team immediately ask the regiment commander, Larriwang, for help.

The enemy was too strong. Requesting reinforcements!

However, Larriwang did not respond to him for the time being.

In the tunnel where the three-phase thermal bomb exploded on the right, the commander of the Indrat Special Force, Larriwang, stood on a protruding platform in a daze. He endured the blazing high temperature. His gaze seemed to not have a focus, but he was searching for… possible traces with extreme sharpness.

It had disappeared!

The 51 members of the Indrat Special Force who were searching the tunnel seemed to have disappeared.

When Larriwang rushed over, he did not even see a corpse, let alone a living person.

The 51 living people had all disappeared.

Only the charred smell in the air and the special smell of meat being vaporized and carbonized by high temperatures made Larriwang’s fingers tremble as he thought of something. A small stream of metal had already gathered within the first 50 meters of the tunnel. That was the situation after some of the tunnel had been melted by the high temperature.

However, under this explosion, many parts of the tunnel deformed violently, but the base did not collapse.

The construction level or alloy level of the Great Xi Race’s ancient base could be seen from this.

Suddenly, Larriwang’s pupils constricted. A few small Ling Clan multi-purpose energy detectors floated on the slowly flowing liquid metal.

That was what he had brought from the moon. Many of his team members had brought it along. After all, they could detect the enemy’s general strength at the critical moment and use them as an important reference.

But now, the Ling Clan’s diamond-shaped energy detector was still there, but their masters had all disappeared. All 51 of them disappeared!

There was no corpse left!

At the same time that Larriwang’s heart turned cold, he was also extremely angry.

“Commander, we’re under attack here. We need support! We need support!” The anxious roar of the captain of the special forces came from Larriwang’s earpiece.

“Hold on, I’ll be there!” Larriwang responded. While he ordered the emergency team to provide support, he, who was furious, contacted Xu Tui.

In reality, they could always contact Xu Tui directly. After all, they were all from the Blue Star. Temporary communication devices were compatible.

“Xu Tui, you… How can you use a three-phase thermal explosive?” Larriwang shouted angrily with a trembling voice.

“I warned you!”

“This is a very precious strategic deterrent weapon on the Blue Star. How can you use it on our own people!” Larriwang said angrily.

“Own people?” Xu Tui sneered first. “From the moment you ignored our warning and stepped into this base, you were no longer one of us. You are the enemy! This is your choice!”

Larriwang was silent, but Xu Tui said, “Of course. The three-phase thermal explosive is a strategic deterrent weapon on the Blue Star. It’s very precious. However, before that, the Freedom Special Force had given us several. We have a lot of these things now! Therefore, I think that you should consider our warning carefully. Our warning is really sincere!”

Xu Tui started a fire.

In an instant, Larriwang was stunned!

The American Sector’s Freedom Special Force had given the Huaxia Sector’s Worldly Special Force the three-phase thermal bombs?

This was a lot of information, but it made Larriwang think of a terrifying possibility.

They might have been tricked by the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force!

He had fallen into a huge trap!