Chapter 989 - Chapter 989: Dimensional Sword (1)

Chapter 989: Dimensional Sword (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Pitch-black.

Xu Tui felt his consciousness being pulled into a pure pitch-black space. But Xu Tui also realized that the shadow sword had only enveloped his consciousness and was not slashing at him. He heaved a sigh of relief.

His small body would not be able to withstand a slash from the shadow sword.

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable flow of time in the pitch-black space.

It was not an illusion. It was like a page turning in time. Someone was telling Xu Tui that time was passing quickly. Xu Tui instantly reacted. Had the shadow sword told him through his consciousness?

Time passed very quickly in the pitch -black space. Perhaps a few years or even hundreds of years later, a wisp of light appeared in the pitch-black space.

In the light, a Great Xi clansman with an extremely exquisite streamlined shape and a silver body that was extremely industrially beautiful walked in with a lighting tool.

Then, he began to explore a door.

This door looked exactly the same as the door that Xu Tui and the others had discovered deep in the tunnel behind the absolute safety door.

As the exploration progressed, more and more Great Xi people came to explore this place, but there were no results.

In the end, these Great Xi clansmen wanted to break down the door with force. They wanted to know what was behind the door. However, just as they were about to use violence, the sword light instantly exploded.

There were a total of 14 shadow swords. Every shadow sword pierced through the head of a Great Xi clansman and nailed him to the spot.

However, the shadow sword was clearly much smaller than the shadow sword that Xu Tui was seeing now.

Not long after these Great Xi clansmen were nailed to death, another batch of Great Xi people came. They carefully explored for a long time, but in the end, they had no choice but to send people to collect their corpses.

An expert destroyed the shadow sword.

Some of the destroyed shadow swords dissipated, but a portion returned to the door.

Yes, return!

Xu Tui, who was an observer, could see everything clearly.

What followed was a long exploration. @@novelbin@@

There were constantly people from the Great Xi Clan who entered in all kinds of ways. Some of them could retreat safely, while others were nailed to the ground by the shadow sword that blasted out of the door because they tried to court death.

There were already two quasi-planets nailed to the ground.

A few years later, a burly Planetary powerhouse arrived. He was exactly the same as the corpse Xu Tui had seen when he entered just now.

After this Planetary powerhouse from the Great Xi Clan arrived, he carefully explored for a long time to no avail because of the experience of his predecessors. Then, he began to build the tunnel.

He tried many methods.

For example, a five-kilometer-long tunnel was the predecessor of this tunnel.

He wanted to use technological weapons to blast through the door from afar. However, it was useless. When the energy fluctuations were 500 meters away from the door, they would be minced into nothingness by the shadow sword.

During this period, the shadow sword was activated at least a hundred times.

In the end, this Planetary powerhouse began to build the absolute safety door that Lavis had mentioned. After it was built, this Planetary powerhouse continued to study this door. One did not know what he discovered, but he was so persistent.

The door was completely integrated. There was only something that looked like a cat’s eye in the middle of the door. This Planetary powerhouse had tried to scan his pupils, pressed his finger, smeared blood, injected energy, smeared saliva, and so on.

The door just wouldn’t open.

This continued for more than 20 years.

During this time, he tried to court death dozens of times.

In the end, this Planetary powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan could not take it anymore. After making a full understanding and estimation, he attacked with all his might. He decided to break open this door with force.

But even after so many years of consumption, the shadow sword on the door was stronger than he had imagined.

Five shadow swords instantlv flashed out and slashed at his vital D0ints.

This Planetary powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan had displayed his ability to the extreme, especially since he had displayed a strange ability that looked like teleportation previously. He could even disappear for a short period of time in energy fluctuations.

However, as soon as he disappeared, he appeared again.

The five shadow swords had already pierced into his entire body, and his attacks on the door suddenly stopped.

This time, the shadow sword’s performance was extremely sharp.

Sword light shone.

It was just like when Xu Tui’s mental perception had been cut open by it. The other group of Great Xi clansmen who had come to investigate the results had just approached the absolute safety door that had not been closed when it was shattered by the aftershock of the shadow sword.

To be precise, as long as it was close to the unclosed absolute safety door, it would shatter without any warning.

The Great Xi clansmen of this Planetary powerhouse peed their pants. Finally, they used mechanical means to close and seal the absolute safety door from afar. The tunnel fell into dead darkness again. The shadow sword seemed to have fused into the darkness.

Time began to pass quickly again.

A hundred years passed in the blink of an eye.

The light in the tunnel lit up again. This time, Xu Tui saw himself. He entered the tunnel with a light stick in his hand. He also saw the scene of Yan Lie touching the corpse of the Planetary powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan.

Then, Xu Tui’s consciousness fell out of the shadow sword.

The moment he fell out, the shadow sword dissipated. It could not be seen with the naked eye, but Xu Tui could sense that a portion of the shadow sword’s abilities had returned to the door.

“One dissipated?” Yan Lie and Zhao Hailong were stunned.

Xu Tui was also stunned.

Only one of the shadow swords dissipated. The other four were still fine.

What was going on?

Xu Tui did not dare to use his hand. He used his mind power to retrieve the Mysterious Silver Glass Ball that had dissipated. It was only the size of a pineapple..