Chapter 982 - Chapter 982: Exchange And New Situation (2)

Chapter 982: Exchange and New Situation (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He could already tell from their previous interactions that Xu Tui did not have any scruples. He can kill them just like that. He did not even have the chance to

It was fierce and experienced.

He did not dare to talk nonsense anymore. The two legs and arm from before were the price he had to pay for talking nonsense.

Danrick was in trouble again. It was really too difficult for him. He did not dare to fall out with him!

It was even more impossible for Xu Tui to get another member after he killed Burt.

Danrick felt that this was the most difficult and darkest moment of his life. He could only agree!

As time passed, the captives exchanged by both sides slowly walked past the exchange area and arrived at their respective areas.

Xu Tui’s butcher’s knife was above the heads of the remaining captives. Danrick did not dare to play any tricks. When he really stepped into the safety range, Tao Guan could no longer hold back the tears in his eyes.

Xu Tui did not say anything. He only stepped forward and hugged Tao Guan, who had returned from the exchange. Tao Guan also hugged Xu Tui tightly. “F*ck, Old Tao, let go. I’m not used to hugging a man like this. It’s cheaper for me!”

Everyone laughed.

Tao Guan smiled and let go of Xu Tui. Xu Tui punched him in the chest. “All of you, remember two things. First, don’t die so easily! Secondly, obey orders at the critical moment!”

“Thank you, Commander!”

Tao Guan suddenly gave Xu Tui a nondescript military salute. This fellow had only undergone a short period of military training. He was kicked by Xu Tui. He wiped his tears and hugged Cui Xi and the others.

One could not understand the excitement at this moment without experiencing life and death. @@novelbin@@

After hugging the other two members in welcome, Xu Tui looked at Li Zheng, who was at the back of the team.

Xu Tui suddenly remembered what Li Zheng had shouted more than an hour ago when Tao Guan decided to die with the enemy. His heart suddenly thumped.

Then, he instantly fell into a dilemma. Should he hug her or not? Also, he liked An Xiaoxue a lot, but his heart was beating because of Li Zheng’s words. Wasn’t he a little despicable?

Before Xu Tui could figure it out, Li Zheng took the initiative to step forward and hug him. “Thank you, Xu Tui!”

Xu Tui was a little confused. He did not know whether to hug her or not. The group members did not say anything either. They watched quietly with an observational gaze.

In the end, Xu Tui felt that it was not polite. He could only gently wrap his arms around Li Zheng’s waist. Suddenly, Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. He asked with a steely tone, “Li Zheng, what you said just now…”

“I’m just joking with you. I’ve never been in a relationship. I want to experience the feeling of being cared for before I die…” She let out a soft laugh. Li Zheng, whose face was red, gently pushed Xu Tui away and hugged Mu Xingluan, who was swinging her ponytail.

Xu Tui felt lost.

The hug just now felt really good. Li Zheng looked a little thin, but in his arms, her chest was really large.

For some reason, Xu Tui remembered the feeling of hugging An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui felt that he was a little despicable.

At the side, the eyes of the new members of the Worldly Special Force flickered with an indescribable light.

After a battlefield and an exchange of captives, Xu Tui had pulled the cohesion of the new members of the Worldly Special Force to an extremely high level. Their beliefs quickly became unified.

rney also reli more ooemence ana trust In xu ?rm.

“Commander Xu Tui, I want to exchange for the other captured members. I apologize for our recklessness previously.” After thinking about it, the commander of the Freedom Special Force, Danrick, apologized sincerely.

“Apologies are useless after you show your saber.” Xu Tui rejected him decisively.

Danrick was silent for a few seconds before saying, “Then tell me, what can I

do to make you willing to let him go?”

Burt, who had just been rescued, was anxious. This was equivalent to giving Xu Tui a chance to ask for an exorbitant price. However, he did not seem to have a better way. He could only shut up.

“Release them? It’s definitely impossible to release them directly, right? Exchange them with something,” Xu Tui said.

“With what?”

“Origin crystals!”

“Origin crystals. Can I exchange 10 grams of Origin Crystals for one person? Danrick agreed readily.

“Dream on,” Cui Xi refused mercilessly.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui carefully thought about the possibility of wiping out the Freedom Special Forces. He thought about it. The possibility of Xu Tui wiping out the American Sector’s Freedom Special Forces was not high.

This was especially so since the Freedom Special Force had also left an emergency team outside. The Worldly Special Force would definitely not be able to keep this team.

He could only trade for some benefits.

“Fifty grams of Origin Crystals per person. No bargaining! Don’t bargain with me. You have a conscience,” Xu Tui said directly.

Danrick hesitated for a moment, then gritted his teeth and agreed. He quickly gathered the Origin Crystals. However, this time, it was a short-term development. He did not bring many Origin Crystals.

There were basically no people in the Evolution Realm who had a quantum dimensional chain like Xu Tui. There were also very, very few people in the Transmutation Realm.

After a while, Danrick finally obtained 1,650 grams of Origin Crystals. It was only enough to redeem 33 people.

There were still 45 captives in Xu Tui’s hands.

Danrick was worried.

“Commander Xu Tui, we should be able to gather a portion of Origin Crystals from the members who were captured by you…’

“The things on the captives belong to us. How can we ransom them for you?” Xu Tui said.

“But… but we can’t gather any Origin Crystals anymore.”

Xu Tui tilted his head and calculated. That was true. They had plundered the previous captives and found almost 1,500 grams of Origin Crystals. Danrick and the others probably did not have any Origin Crystals left.

“If you don’t have any Origin Crystals, then exchange them for fighter jets and three-phase thermal bombs. One for one, ” Xu Tui said.

There was another silence. Three seconds later, Danrick said, “Okay!”

“We can’t exchange it for a three-phase thermal bomb!” Burt finally could not take it anymore.

However, Danrick waved his hand and asked someone to carry Burt down for treatment. Danrick regretted listening to Burt’s suggestion to open fire.

This was a special force that they had personally established!

Danrick finally understood. There were some things that he had to make his own decisions.

Ten minutes later, both sides reached a deal. There were a total of six fighter jets and seven 50 -kilogram three-phase thermal bombs.

Lilith was exchanged for two.

It had to be known that the Worldly Special Force had only brought a total of six three-phase thermal bombs.

Three-phase thermal bombs were still very precious on the Blue Star.

Danrick wanted to cry when he saw the members who had returned. Half of the members who had returned were seriously injured. The rest had broken legs and lost their combat strength.

There were also more than 20 people who died in battle. Before they could see any results from this development, their Freedom Special Force was about to be wiped out.

Next, they could only return to the Manut asteroid and lick their wounds.

The next time they came out, it would probably be half a month later.

Just as Danrick was feeling extremely dejected, the adjutant suddenly reported, “Commander, the onboard radar has discovered a fleet 30,000 kilometers away and is pouncing towards this asteroid!”

Xu Tui received the same report almost at the same time..