Chapter 981 - Chapter 981: Exchange And New Situation (1)

Chapter 981: Exchange and New Situation (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“One for one? Are you dreaming, or do you want to eat farts?” Hearing what Danrick, the commander of the Freedom Special Force, said, Cui Xi could not help but mock them.

“The value of a captive is the same!”

“But the number is different!”

“Four for all! Otherwise, we would rather not exchange!” Danrick’s attitude became very determined at this moment.

“Impossible!”

Cui Xi still wanted to say something, but Xu Tui gently pulled him back. “Pull all the members who were soft-hearted in the battle just now over. Let each of them cut off a few heads for them to train their guts.”

Xu Tui’s voice reached Danrick’s ears through the temporary instant communication established at the scene. Danrick immediately said fiercely, “If you dare to kill our members again, we’ll kill a few of yours.”

“Come, let’s try and see who has more people! If you dare to touch a finger of our member, I’ll cut off one of yours! Pull them over!”

With a furious shout, four captives of the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force were immediately pulled over. These four captives had witnessed the scene of their companions being beheaded. Now that they realized that it was their turn, they were instantly stunned!

“Commander, save us!”

“Commander, we don’t want to die!”

“Commander…’

On the other side, Danrick’s fingers trembled. He turned around and asked

Kenny with a pale face, ‘Mr. Kenny, if we attack forcefully now, will we…”

Kenny shook his head. “The outcome is unpredictable, but our captured members will definitely be killed by the other party first!”

Danrick was speechless.

At this moment, Danrick felt that it was very difficult. He really hoped that it would be like when he made the attack decision previously. A consultant would step forward and help him make a decision. It was too difficult to make such a decision.

It was too difficult for him! @@novelbin@@

Danrick looked at Kenny for help. Kenny’s eyelids drooped and he avoided it.

“In view of the value of my team members and the importance I think of, my team members can be exchanged for two or even three!”

Xu Tui’s words suddenly made Danrick relax.

If they were going to compete for killing, he really could not win, nor did he have the determination. He only said it because too many of his people were captured.

“Can you…” Danrick wanted to bargain for a higher ratio.

“One for four! That’s the highest ratio. If you’re unwilling, I’ll cut off Burt’s head first and show you! Are you going to exchange or not? Give me a straightforward answer,” Xu Tui said.

After only a second of hesitation, Danrick decided. “Exchange. Exchange now!”

One for four. It was worth it.

“Don’t play any tricks!”

Before he exchange for a captive, Cui Xi warned him. However, Xu Tui sneered. “Get your saber ready. If you dare to play any tricks, I’ll chop off your head!” At the same time that the exchange began, Yan Lie secretly disappeared.

The only highlight was the candidate.

Danrick wanted to exchange for the two senior military consultants first, but Xu Tui only agreed to let one senior military consultant back.

As for who would go back with the other members, it was up to Danrick.

At this moment, Yang Huai gave Xu Tui a sinister suggestion. He increased the volume of the conversation so that all the members of the Freedom Special Force could hear it.

Then Danrick heard a wave of extremely anxious voices.

“Commander, choose me first!”

“Commander, choose me first!”

“Commander, my father is a quasi-planetary. Choose me!”

“Commander…

Danrick, the commander of the Freedom Special Forces, almost became autistic on the spot.

How could he decide? There were only 16 spots. How could they decide who would not be exchanged?

In an instant, Danrick felt disgusted. They were too despicable, too sinister, and too evil! After this exchange, there would be countless hidden dangers in the Freedom Special Force. It might not be a big deal under normal circumstances.

However, once it erupted at the right time, it would be very fatal.

The most complicated and easily injured thing was always the human heart!

Xu Tui, who had understood this, suddenly had a question in his heart when he saw Yang Huai’s slightly sinister expression.

Was Yang Huai really from the Huaxia Military Genetic Evolution College? Why did he look like he came from Conspiracy College?

This action had planted countless contradictions and loopholes in the Freedom Special Force. In the future, they would even be centrifugal.

This was a conspiracy. It could be considered half an open conspiracy. No matter how helpless Danrick was, he could only do this extremely helpless multiple-choice question. It was a multiple-choice question about how to choose and how to go wrong!

Five minutes later, 15 captives of the Freedom Special Force who had been severely injured slowly turned around with Burt, who had lost his combat strength after having his legs and arm cut off.

Tao Guan, Li Zheng, and the other two were also slowly released. There were all kinds of energy weapons and killing moves accumulating behind them. When he saw how miserable Burt was, Kenny’s eyes widened, but Danrick became anxious. From the looks of it, Burt, the senior military consultant, was almost useless.

“How can we exchange when you’ve injured Mr. Burt so badly?” Danrick said angrily.

“Burt came to kill us. Do you mean for us to stretch our necks for him to cut or worship him? Oh, if you think it’s a loss to exchange for Burt! It’s fine. I’ll cut off Burt’s head now. Pick another person and I’ll let him go.” Xu Tui’s flying sword instantly flew out.

In an instant, the two sides facing each other from afar instantly became nervous.

Although Burt was shocked and furious, he did not dare to speak at this moment..