Chapter 999 - Chapter 999: Big Gift And More Liveliness (2)

Chapter 999: Big Gift and More Liveliness (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At this moment, he cried!

He didn’t see if there were tears, but in the next moment, he was submerged in fire and mud.

The ground shook again.

The Spiritual Race’s assault team members surrounding the entrance of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base retreated one after another.

Fortunately, this three-phase thermal bomb was detonated underground. After the three planetary experts escaped from the underground tunnel, its lethality became very limited.

The Spiritual Race experts on the ground were only slightly frightened. A few unlucky ones were injured by the shockwave. After the shockwave, Lei Hong returned to the entrance of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base. His face immediately darkened.

There were a total of three members of the Mechanical Spirit Race who were excavating. Two were Transformation Realm cultivators, and one was a quasi-planetary realm cultivator.

The Transformation Realm cultivator he was protecting was thrown out by him, and the other two were buried.

Lei Hong was depressed when he sensed with his mind power.

The Transformation Realm Mechanical Spirit Race was destroyed. The quasi-planetary realm Mechanical Spirit Race was turned into a pool of juice!

This made Lei Hong furious, and Lei Gen felt a little awkward. He didn’t expect the person inside to be so difficult to deal with. At such a close distance, he actually fired a three-phase thermal bomb.

In such a narrow passage, even planetary experts didn’t dare to face it head-on.

He was a tough nut to crack!

This way, it would be impossible to start digging quickly. If there were too many people, the other party would dare to use the three-phase thermal bomb.

This was really troublesome. @@novelbin@@

“Since they are hiding in a sealed space, should we pour some poisonous gas into them?” A quasi-planet of the Fission Race immediately gave a sinister suggestion.

However, Lei Gen shook his head. “This is the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. The design is very exquisite. It’s definitely not sealed. Besides, their combat uniforms also have purification abilities. It’s useless.”

“Then what should we do?” Lei Hong was a little anxious. “The war can’t be delayed for too long!”

Lei Gen smiled confidently. “How many three-phase thermal bombs do you think they have?”

“This shouldn’t be much, right?”

“Then everyone, start digging. Spread out. Don’t enter the pit and start digging in a large area. Ten minutes, at most ten minutes. We’ll be able to dig it out!” Lei Gen said.

Under Lei Gen’s instructions, the 70 Transmutation realm experts began to spread out and gather on the surface of the Great Xi Clan’s base’s entrance. They began to dig.

Lei Hong sent the lightning into the collapsed entrance. As long as Xu Tui used the Earth Spike again, his lightning would be able to sense and stop him immediately.

This way, only Lei Hong would consume a little more energy! However, at this moment, Lei Hong was willing to expend a lot of energy. He had been defeated repeatedly. He had just rushed in and was chased out in a sorry state. Now, he was filled with anger.

In the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, blood flowed from the corner of Zhao Hailong’s mouth as he protected Xu Tui. Pilov also spat out blood. Half of his Tower Shield’s thickness had melted.

The consequences of manually detonating a three-phase thermal bomb less than 500 meters away were also very serious.

Even though they retreated quickly after the explosion and retreated nearly a hundred meters before the explosion, the shockwave still injured them on the spot.

Fortunately, they had already received Xu Tui’s reminder beforehand. Their injuries were not serious.

“I only killed a quasi-planet and a planetary realm expert. I didn’t even injure a

single one of them. What a loss!” Xu Tui spat out a mouthful of blood. His expression was a little ferocious.

“What should we do next?” Orona asked. “At this rate, they’ll be able to rush in in ten to fifteen minutes.”

“How many three-phase thermal bombs do you have? We retreated in a hurry and only brought in two three-phase thermal bombs, ” Ruan Da said awkwardly.

At this moment, only the three-phase thermal bomb could make the planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race fear it. In other words, when the three-phase thermal bomb was used up, they would be completely finished.

“We brought in three,” Orona said.

“We still have a few left. However, if we can’t restrict the planetary realm experts on the other side, it’s basically impossible to kill them with just the terrain and three-phase thermal bombs,” Xu Tui said.

“Then what should we do? Is there a way to retreat here?” Ruan Da thought of escaping again. To be precise, retreating!

Xu Tui glanced at Ruan Da. Even if he escaped into space, would he be able to escape from a planetary realm expert? Or should he say escape from this fellow’s hands?

“You have a treasure that can kill planetary experts?” Ruan Da was the grandson of Planetary realm expert Ruan Tianzuo.

Ruan Da hurriedly shook his head. It was impossible to kill a planetary realm expert with the Origin Crystal seal card alone, but it was possible to save his life.

“There’s something that can take a hit from them,” Ruan Da said. “Do you have one too, Jian Qi and Orona?” Xu Tui asked.

Jian Qi and Orona nodded, not denying it.

With planetary realm elders, there were many life-saving items.

“Stand at the front later,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Jian Qi was a little puzzled. “Are you still going to use the three-phase thermal bomb? I don’t think they’ll come down anytime soon. The three-phase thermal bomb probably won’t work either. They won’t suffer the same loss a second time!”

Ruan Da and Orona also had puzzled expressions. They did not understand what Xu Tui was trying to do.

“Who said I’m going to use a three-phase thermal bomb? This thing is precious. I can’t waste it!”

“So what are you going to do?”

“I want to prepare a big gift for them,” Xu Tui said.

“A big gift? What kind of gift is it? I’m afraid we can’t hide from their investigation by burying the three-phase thermal bomb in advance, right?” Ruan Da asked curiously.

“You’ll know in a while! Since the Spiritual Race wants to cause trouble, let’s make this place livelier!”

As he spoke, Xu Tui walked deeper into the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. He arrived at a spot that he had chosen long ago. There was a hexagonal object with a handle that looked like a lollipop standing there.

This was the Great Xi Clan’s Quark Particle Jumper. At this moment, it was flickering with a faint light, indicating that its charging had reached a certain level.

“Lavis, I’ll ask you one last time. Your Great Xi Clan only has one planetary realm expert in each transition, right?”

“That’s right, unless the Thousand-Leap Commander or Executive Officer can bring more planetary realm experts with him. However, even if it’s a Thousand-Leap Commander or Executive Officer, they can only bring one more planetary realm expert with them,” Lavis replied.

“That’s two at most, right?”

‘Yes!”

“How many planetary realm cultivators do you have?”

“Dear Xu, I’ve already said it just now. Including the executive officer, there are a total of four of them. I definitely won’t lie to you! If I lie to you, I won’t be able to obtain the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body for the rest of my life,” Lavis said.

“Hmph, if you dare to lie to me, I’ll whip you to below the Genetic Evolution Realm in a while!” As Lavis promised again, Xu Tui continued, “Write down the strength characteristics of your planetary realm experts. Write them all down!”

After obtaining an affirmative answer, Xu Tui placed 50 grams of Origin Crystal under the Quark Particle Jumper.

Miraculously, the moment the Origin Crystal entered, the Quark Particle Transition Device rapidly absorbed the Origin Crystal’s energy to replenish its internal energy.

Thirty seconds later, the lollipop-like quark particle jumper lit up!