Chapter 993 - Chapter 993: Mutation And Improvement Of The Red Fire Slip (2)

Chapter 993: Mutation and Improvement of the Red Fire Slip (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

A red slip that was covered in cracks suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mental perception. It looked a little similar to the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind. The only difference was that there was a small sword engraved on the surface of this red slip. It was extremely eye-catching.

This small sword was very similar to the shadow sword from before.

At the same time, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind shone brightly. The flames of the red fire slip even shone through Xu Tui’s eyes and shone on the cracked fire slip.

The fire slip that was filled with cracks instantly disintegrated into ashes. As it disintegrated, it released a large amount of mist and a wisp of colorful light. The wisps of colorful light and the aura were a little familiar, but Xu Tui had never seen them before.

At the same time, the red fire slip in Xu Tui’s mind instantly spun rapidly. The flames instantly formed a vortex. While it absorbed a large amount of mist, it also absorbed a large amount of colorful light.

The red fire slip exerted force and absorbed a large amount of mist. When the dense fog entered his body, the red fire slip was still on the same scale as before. It only took 20%. The rest belonged to Xu Tui.

It made the genetic base points that Xu Tui wanted to strengthen rapidly grow. It looked like he would be able to strengthen another genetic base point to the peak of Level 3 in less than 30 seconds.

However, the red fire slip was asking for an exorbitant price towards the colorful light. Most of the colorful light that was absorbed into his body was absorbed by the red fire slip. Xu Tui only took 20%.

At this moment, the split mode became eight for the red fire slip, and two for Xu Tui.

The moment the wisps of colorful light entered his body, they returned to the mental star core in Xu Tui’s mind. The mental star core expanded like a balloon. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui instantly understood what it was when he absorbed the wisps of light.

Spirit!

The power of spirits!

Or rather, the origin power of the mental body.

The nature of this power was exactly the same as the power in the silver spiritual box that Xu Tui had obtained from the Spiritual Race. However, one was white, and the other was colorful. The quality of their strength was worlds apart.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui only received 20%.

Xu Tui wanted to fight with the red fire slip, but he did not know how.

However, no matter how hard the red fire slip worked, it could not absorb all of the colorful spiritual power. A small amount of colorful spiritual power still dissipated into the tunnel of the absolute safety door.

Then, it was absorbed by the old members of the Worldly Special Force.

Yan Lie had been the first to absorb it recently. The moment he absorbed the first wisp of colorful spiritual power, Yan Lie suddenly shivered, revealing a refreshed expression. His aura instantly soared!

Ten seconds later, Zhou Chuan, who had absorbed the first wisp of colorful spiritual power, also suddenly shivered. His aura began to transform in a deep and solemn direction.

Tri Ling Ding and Lavis also knew their stuff. They wanted to absorb the colorful spiritual power, but they were too close to Xu Tui or the red fire slip.

Those who were close to Xu Tui had all been sucked away by the red fire slip. Xu Tui did not even have a chance. How could they have a chance? They could only be anxious.

At this moment, Xu Tui thought of Ah Huang.

Ah Huang who had been silent.

This artificial intelligence with emotions did not fight for it. He only watched quietly. Or rather, he did not know at all. In any case, Ah Huang’s spirit was very weak!

“Send a wisp to Ah Huang!” Xu Tui tried to communicate with the red fire slip.

“You have to. This is an order! If you don’t give it to him, I’ll withdraw now!”

As the red fire slip frantically absorbed the colorful spiritual power, a little of the colorful spiritual power flew toward Ah Huang’s position on Xu Tui’s wrist.

It was very, very little. Just one point. It was not even a tenth of a wisp of colorful spiritual power. It might only be a twentieth of a wisp of colorful spiritual power.

Just as Xu Tui was about to scold the red fire slip for being petty, Ah Huang, who had been flicked with a little colorful spiritual power, instantly fell into an unconscious state.

He was unconscious!

Xu Tui felt a little awkward. Fortunately, he did not curse. It was not that the red fire slip was petty, but Ah Huang was too weak and could not withstand the weight. However, this time, it should be able to increase by a lot.

In his mind, as a large amount of colorful spiritual power surged in, the red fire slip was slowly changing. New patterns seemed to appear on its surface.

As wisps of colorful spiritual power surged in, the size of Xu Tui’s mental star core only increased a little. However, the color gradually darkened.

Previously, it was white, but now, the color is slowly turning darker and brighter.

At the same time, hundreds of information screens suddenly flashed in a mysterious hall in the starry sky. Information streams that were difficult for ordinary people to understand quickly flashed. The entire hall flickered with an inexplicable sci-fi feeling.

Under the convergence of all the information flow, lines of characters finally jumped on the main screen.

“Incomplete information flow has been received. After a deep analysis, we have confirmed that it is the missing Number Seven Pyro Chip and Number 37 Genetic Information Stream.”

“Detected that the information flow of the Mars Fire Slip is related to the

Number Seven Pyro Chip.”

“The activation of Number Seven Pyro Chip has failed!” “The aura of Number Seven Pyro Chip is dissipating!”

“The state of the Mars Fire Slip is changing.”

“Deep analysis: Long-term observation target Number 37 might have come into contact with Number Seven Pyro Chip. Long-term observation target Number 26 is also near Long-term observation target number 37..”