Chapter 997 - Chapter 997: Everyone Has Their Own Schemes

Chapter 997: Everyone Has Their Own Schemes

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“I’ve recovered from my injuries. It doesn’t hurt anymore, but it’s a little itchy. That’s why I came out to walk around and see our new neighbor.” Above the Manut asteroid, Lei Tian used his power to communicate.

“Do you want me to loosen your muscles and bones?” Li Qingping lowered the long sword in his hand slightly. His entire body seemed to have turned into a sword, and his aura surged.

“Can you handle it?” Lei Tian asked coldly.

“It’s fine. Commander Lei is here. This is a rare opportunity, so I have to show my gratitude! I can’t take it. There are others.”

Li Qingping’s war intention was surging. As he spoke, he actually stepped forward in advance. With a single step, he covered a thousand meters. He vaguely had the intention to force Lei Tian to attack.

Lei Tian suddenly laughed. He wanted to use him as an EXP bag and use this opportunity to practice. Of course, Lei Tian wouldn’t cower. “Then let’s practice. Let’s find some supplements.” Seven figures suddenly pounced over from afar behind Lei Tian.

Li Qingping stopped abruptly and slashed out with his sword. A sword light traversed thousands of meters in space and slashed in front of Lei Tian. However, Lei Tian did not move at all. He stood on the spot and slashed down with his sword. Lightning exploded, and the sword light instantly dissipated.

“Your sword isn’t mature enough! Why are you retreating? Come, let’s practice alone. ”

With a slash of his sword, Li Qingping retreated quickly and returned to within a thousand meters of the Planetary realm expert.

Only a fool would challenge Lei Tian alone. If Lei Tian and the seven Planetary realm experts beside him attacked at the same time, he would be killed instantly!

Eight against one was no joke!

As for Lei Tian, it was said that he was already a Planetary realm expert.

However, Li Qingping did not give in at all. “Why don’t Commander Lei come and play with us?”

“I’m just afraid that your bodies won’t be able to take it!”

Lei Tian’s nonchalant attitude made some of the asteroid’s powerhouses suspicious. However, the real leaders, such as these Planetary realm powerhouses and strategic commanders like Cheng Da Xing, were not suspicious at all.

Total wipeout.

“You still can’t contact the special forces?” Cheng Daxing asked.

“Not yet. The electromagnetic storm in the asteroid belt is still weakening. It will take another three to five hours for the restoration to resume.”

Hearing this, Cheng Daxing sighed. This was the difference in technology. The Spiritual Race could communicate freely, but the humans of the Blue Star could not. However, Lei Tian’s sudden appearance meant that it was very likely that the battle had already begun.

“Commander-in-chief Lei, are you so free?”

Lei Tian didn’t attack or retreat. This made Li Qingping laugh and tease him. “Guess? I came to see my old friends’ construction progress! Unfortunately, my old friends are not friendly enough and are too timid. They don’t even have a cup of tea.”

Lei Tian smiled and felt a little comfortable.

The eight guardians of the Manut asteroid were all here. In that case, his plan would be completely successful.

This crucial step was completed.

Lei Tian was also a little helpless. After the last battle on the moon and Mars, he had lost too many elite powerhouses.

As for the Sanctuary, for various reasons, they had yet to replenish his manpower.

On the other hand, because of his plan, he had a need for more people, especially on Planet Charon and Ceres. As a result, he was short of manpower. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have come here personally.

However, Lei Tian had his reasons for coming to the Manut asteroid personally. The humans of the Blue Star were not fools. Therefore, Lei Tian had made two preparations for this plan.

Real and fake.

If they were prepared, he would do it for real!

He had to fight to the death.

However, Lei Tian was relieved to see the eight Planetary realm guardians on the asteroid.

They were just like old neighbors, idly bickering with Li Qingping and the others, waiting for the outcome over there.

On the Fuqiang asteroid.

After releasing the electromagnetic particle beam bomb, paralyzing the technological equipment of the Blue Star human race and temporarily stopping the evacuation of the Blue Star humans, the Spiritual Race’s assault team also split into several teams and began to kill the special forces of the Blue Star.

Although the Spiritual Race did not walk the path of technology, they were only half a generation ahead of the humans on the Blue Star. However, the technological advancement of half a generation was enough to crush the humans of the Blue Star at the critical moment.

It was obvious that the Spiritual Race’s assault team this time was much more careful than the last time they attacked Mars.

The 100 plus experts were divided into three teams. Each team had a Planetary realm expert, four quasi-planets, and 40 Transmutation realm experts.

In terms of strength, it could be said to be overwhelming.

In terms of the strength of a team of forty Transmutation Realm experts, they surpassed any special forces.

Coupled with four quasi-planets, it would be a sweeping mode!

Not to mention that there was a Planetary realm expert with strategic strength.

In theory, they only needed one Planetary realm, two or three quasi-planets to crush any special forces in a short period of time.

The other powers were all superfluous.

It was extremely difficult to make up for the huge difference in strength, especially with the appearance of Planetary realm experts.

In just a single exchange, the Transmutation Realm expert, Kenny, who had not attacked previously in the India Sector, was torn to pieces on the spot.

After sacrificing a total of five Transmutation Realm experts and more than 70 members, they blasted out as many as six three-phase thermal bombs and ten small nuclear bombs. Only then did the American Sector’s Freedom Special

Forces, the European Sector’s Apollo Special Forces, the India Sector’s Indrat Special Forces, and the Heavenly Dao Special Forces gather together to build a short and fragile defense line.

This was all thanks to the fact that the Freedom Special Force did not join forces with the Indrat Special Force back then. They wanted to reap the benefits and build a defense position in advance.

Their counterattack was not without effect.

The three-phase thermal bomb successfully killed a quasi-planet and thirteen Transmutation realm experts.

Danrick, Larryiwang, Ger Ning, and Huang Tong were not idiots. They immediately gathered the remaining three-phase thermal bombs and assumed a posture of perishing together.

If the Planetary realm and quasi-Planetary realm experts dared to charge in they would dare to detonate the remaining five three-phase thermal bombs the same time.

Five three-phase thermal bombs detonated at the same time, plus a nuclear bomb. Even a Planetary realm expert would have to be wary of this power.

Under such circumstances, after the huge losses, the battle formation on this side formed a temporary balance.

Regarding this, Lei Hong was helpless. It was not worth it to perish together with a bunch of ants.

However, the battle did not stop.

Danrick and Ger Ning’s method of perishing together was only a form of deterrence. It made the Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race not dare to charge forward fearlessly.

The Spiritual Race’s Lei Hong also knew very well that as long as planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts like them did not force Danrick and the others to their limits.

The move of perishing together was not easily used.

If he used this move, it was hard to say if the planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race would die. They might die, be severely injured, or survive.

However, the members of the Freedom Special Force, the Indrat Special Force, the Apollo Special Force and the Heavenly Dao Special Force would all die!

Therefore, the attack continued.

However, the Planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race were only interfering and attacking from afar. The quasi-planetary realm experts did not surround them. Instead, they attacked from afar.

Some attacked from afar, while others attacked from time to time, causing casualties from time to time.

In any case, the attack was not low, but it did not trigger the psychological valve of these special forces perishing together!

It was a blunt knife cutting through flesh.

On the other side, the Haotian Special Forces and Russia’s Slavic Special Forces had also suffered heavy losses. Their two special forces had only been attacked by one team of the Spiritual Race previously.

The losses were not too great. After sacrificing two Transformation Realm experts and more than twenty members, the two special forces hurriedly retreated to the entrance of the Great Xi Clan’s base.

At this moment, Ruan Da regretted it. He should have listened to Xu Tui previously. Otherwise, they would not have suffered such a huge loss.

The Worldly Special Force in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan did not suffer any losses. Moreover, they barely managed to guard the entrance of the base and kill a few enemies with the help of the Worldly Special Force’s three-phase thermal bomb.

However, after a few minutes, everyone’s expressions turned ugly.

The American Sector, India Sector, and European Sector used the threat of mutual destruction to make the planetary realm and quasi-planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race not dare to attack with all their might. They fell into a state of being cut by a blunt knife.

Originally, there were two planetary realm experts and eight quasi-planets gathered there. There was only one planetary realm expert and one quasi-planetary realm expert here. The pressure was not too great.

But now, the other side had fallen into a state of being cut by a blunt knife. Planetary realm experts were temporarily useless.

Soon, after leaving behind four quasi-planets, the rest of the experts gathered at the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

The three planetary realm cultivators and the remaining seven quasi-planets had all gathered at the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base. What was worse was that in the attack just now, several supply ships had been seized by the Spiritual Race.

The Spiritual Race didn’t care about the supply ships. However, there were three-phase thermal bombs in the supply ship.

In terms of military technology, the Blue Star humans even seemed to be in the lead. However, this thing was a sharp weapon in the hands of his own people. When it was in the hands of the enemy, it was still a sharp weapon!

As for many technological security locking programs, they were completely useless in front of mind power! @@novelbin@@

At this moment, no one was fighting with Ruan Da and Orona, the commander of the Slavic Special Forces. They all consciously began to listen to Xu Tui’s instructions.

Xu Tui was the leader.

“Retreat. Everyone, retreat into the depths of the base.” Xu Tui immediately made a decision.

This decision made Ruan Da and Oronal slightly hesitant. “In street battles, the stronger an individual is, the more advantageous it is! Moreover, the other party has more than one three-phase thermal bomb. If we retreat into the depths of the base, won’t it be worse?”

“Then why don’t you go out and fight them to the death? See if you can fight to the death?”

At this moment, Xu Tui was not polite at all.

Xu Tui could still cause trouble for a planetary realm expert by relying on the terrain. There was still a possibility of resisting. It was too difficult when there were three of them. Once the three of them got close to him, he would be like a tiger among a flock of sheep. Whoever touched him would die!

As for now, it would depend on whether the arrangements Xu Tui had made previously would work.

Although Xu Tui had been cultivating for the past few hours, the strategies he had set up had been implemented.

Seeing that the members of the Worldly Special Force had retreated into the depths of the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan without hesitation, Ruan Da and Orona also retreated into the depths of the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan after placing a few delayed nuclear bombs.

At the beginning of the battle on the Fuqiang, four figures stood up at the same time on another meteorite that was not far from the Fuqiang.

“Do you feel the energy fluctuations over there?”

“I feel the aura of more than one planetary expert on that asteroid.”

“Already? How long will it take us to get there?”

“Estimated thirty-two minutes.”

“It’s too slow. Accelerate! If we delay any longer, I’m afraid our losses will be too great!”

“No matter how fast it is, this meteorite won’t be able to hold on. It will disintegrate in advance.”

“How about this? You guys accelerate. I’ll reinforce this meteorite!”

In an instant, the meteorite accelerated again!