Chapter 994 - Chapter 994: Mutation And Improvement Of The Red Fire Slip (3)

Chapter 994: Mutation and Improvement of the Red Fire Slip (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Deep analysis and prediction. Long-term observation target Number 37 and

Long-term observation target Number 26 might have come into contact with @@novelbin@@

Number Seven Pyro Chip.”

“The outcome is unknown. The future outcome is unpredictable!”

“Requesting instructions from Number One, or asking Number One to head to the target to investigate personally.”

“No reply from Number One for a long time. Activate backup plan.”

“Backup plan activated.”

“Increase Long-term Observation Target Number 37 to Fire Seed Number 37.

Increase Long-term Observation Target Number 26 to Fire Seed Number 26!”

“Increase the rights of the Fire Seeds.”

“It’s too far away and can’t be activated for the time being. It will be automatically activated when it approaches the nearest pyro chip.”

Xu Tui did not know about the scene in the deep space hall, but he knew that he had obtained great benefits.

Five minutes after the fire slip engraved with the shadow sword behind the door shattered, the red fire slip absorbed all the colorful spiritual power after the fire slip shattered.

The red fire slip had already changed in Xu Tui’s mind. It was still the same size, but it looked bright and colorful. Other than that, the greatest change to the red fire slip was that there was an additional pattern of a small sword on the side.

This small sword was actually a little similar to the pattern of the shadow sword on the shattered fire slip.

Xu Tui felt that there must be a secret behind this. In time, he might be able to discover it. It would be great if he could use the fire slip to use a killing move like the Shadow Sword.

Of course, Xu Tui also knew that this was a worldly possession. If he really wanted to be strong, he had to rely on himself to comprehend and cultivate.

Other than that, the biggest change was his star core of his mental body. It had only increased in size by a little, but its color had changed from white to silver. It could be said to have greatly improved.

In Cai Shaochu’s database, only the mental core of a Planetary powerhouse could turn silver.

Among Mystery Branch supernatural beings, only when a mental body’s star core turned silver could a power satellite be condensed.

Xu Tui had not had the chance to test the extent of the increase in the power of his abilities, but it had definitely increased.

Putting everything else aside, the speed at which Xu Tui absorbed the dense fog had more than doubled from before.

Previously, when he was absorbing the dense fog, he could strengthen a Level 3 genetic base to the peak of Level 3 in about seven minutes.

At this moment, Xu Tui only needed three minutes to strengthen a Level 3

genetic base point to the peak of Level 3.

The absorption rate had doubled.

Xu Tui estimated that in another ten minutes, the genetic base points of his Stab Formula would all be strengthened to the peak of Level 3.

However, Xu Tui did not understand his current state. He still needed to study it carefully.

In comparison, the improvement of the other teammates was very obvious. Everyone’s aura had soared by a large margin. Not to mention the dense fog that everyone absorbed, the colorful spiritual power that everyone else absorbed was three to four wisps. It has increased greatly.

As Xu Tui’s absorption speed increased, the concentration of the dense fog in the door also decreased rapidly.

However, the veteran members of the Worldly Special Force outside the door were still welcome to cultivate.

Twenty-three minutes later, when Xu Tui began to strengthen the genetic base points of the Mountain Formula, Cui Xi’s voice suddenly rang out.

“Commander, Dai Lijun on duty has sent a message. He said that the fourth fleet is expected to arrive above the Fuqiang asteroid in five minutes. It was the Heavenly Dao Special Combat Team from Area 7 of Huaya! At the same time, the ship’s long-range radar detected the fifth fleet rushing towards Fuqiang,”

Cui Xi reported..