Chapter 992 - Chapter 992: Mutation And Improvement Of The Red Fire Slip (1)

Chapter 992: Mutation and Improvement of the Red Fire Slip (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

What the f*ck did he mean by opening the door with fingerprints?

Xu Tui knew very well that his blood must have been taken from the scene when he placed his finger on it. Then, the door opened.

Was the thing behind this door related to the Blue Star humans?

The door was slowly about to open. Yan Lie and Zhao Hailong had shocked expressions. Xu Tui’s mental perception had already moved on. He did not dare to rush in.

Xu Tui was stunned when he entered with his mental perception.

Dense mist!

It was all a dense fog that had materialized. It was almost the same as the dense fog he had obtained under the Sun Temple. No, it was much better than the quality there. The moment the door opened, the dense fog accumulated inside dissipated and spread in all directions along the tunnel.

No matter how stupid Zhao Hailong and Yan Lie were, they knew their stuff.

“Commander, this…

“Hurry up and absorb it. Come to the door. The closer the better. Absorbing a wisp of this thing is equivalent to cultivating for a few days.”

Zhao Hailong and Yan Lie quickly did as they were told. However, there was too much mist inside. The three of them could not absorb it at all. At this rate, most of them would probably be separated.

With a thought, Xu Tui immediately sent a mental message to Cui Xi, Luo Murong, Mu Xingluan, Yang Huai, and the others.

“Leave the defense to the others. Get the others to keep an eye on it. Bring the old brothers to the absolute safety door immediately.”

“Right away!”

“Hurry!

In the distant tunnel, Cui Xi was stunned for a moment before he handed over the defense in the shortest time possible.

This time, it was mainly to see if the Indrat Special Force would come in again. However, from the current situation, the Indrat Special Force would not dare to come in for the time being.

Zhou Chuan was also called over by Xu Tui.

In less than a minute, the old members of the Worldly Special Force and Zhou Chuan had all gathered here. There was no need for Xu Tui to waste his breath.

All of them sat close to the door that was a third open and seized the time to cultivate.

The closer he got to the door, the more dense fog he inhaled. His aura increased faster. Of course, it was not much more than the people far away.

Twelve people filled half of the tunnel behind the absolute safety door.

There were 12 people. It was like 12 large-scale dense suction machines. 95% of the dense fog gushing out from behind the door had been absorbed. Only a scattered 5% dissipated.

Xu Tui was still very nostalgic. He would consider his old friends first if there were any benefits. After all, there were only so many of them. Of course, if there were any more, Xu Tui would consider the new members.

It had to be said that the purity of this dense fog energy was very high. In just 15 minutes, the genetic base points of the two genetic ability chains in Xu Tui’s body had been strengthened to the peak of Level 3.

It had to be known that before this, Xu Tui needed about three hours to strengthen a Level 3 genetic base point to the peak of Level 3. He also needed to consume about 150 to 200 grams of Origin Crystals.

In other words, the dense fog energy that Xu Tui had absorbed in these 15 minutes was equivalent to absorbing 400 grams of Origin Crystals.

But the improvement to Xu Tui was not great. If he could continue to absorb it for a few hours, the increase could be seen.

However, for the others in the Worldly Special Force, they had really made a killing. Fifteen minutes of cultivation was equivalent to a month or two of cultivation.

Actually, Xu Tui had specially checked the relevant information after he obtained this dense energy at the bottom of the Blue Star’s Mount Tai and the Sun Temple. There was also some information in Cai Shaochu’s Galaxy Spirit database.

It was an extremely pure attributeless energy. It was similar to Origin Energy, but two to three levels higher.

The energy in the Origin Crystal was divided into attributes. In the past, he could not absorb the energy gushing out of the Mars Energy Overflow Tunnel. Later on, Xu Tui realized that he could only absorb it after he converted it with a useless Origin Crystal. @@novelbin@@

However, not only could everyone directly absorb this dense fog, but they also did not care about their attributes. The efficiency was extremely high.

According to Cai Shaochu’s records, this dense fog could only be gathered in special places with special artifacts or methods.

In fact, according to Cai Shaochu’s preliminary research, the Spiritual Race had also operated it when they solidified the quantum teleportation channel.

Concentrate the energy in the depths of the current planet to supply the quantum teleportation channel with energy and let it exist for a long time.

For example, in the Sun Temple, Itavi had used the original body of Tri Ling Ding to gather dense fog.

At the thought of this, Xu Tui’s attention suddenly landed on Tri Ling Ding.

Then, he noticed two thieves.

Two dense-fog thieves.

Tri Ling Ding and Lavis were also absorbing the dense fog. However, Tri Ling Ding sucked in confidently. Lavis took a puff, stopped, looked at Xu Tui, and took another puff.

Xu Tui laughed. He ignored him. This bit of dense fog could not allow Lavis to recover his strength. Xu Tui felt that this Lavis might still be useful.

As for Tri Ling Ding, he could occasionally give this fellow some benefits.

As he absorbed it, Xu Tui suddenly had a thought. According to Cai Shaochu’s theory, it had to be a special location or item to gather and produce this dense fog.

In that case, was there a special terrain or a special item inside the door?

Previously, he did not dare to enter because the door had just opened. Due to the interference of the vast amount of dense fog, his mental perception was not too clear. At this moment, Xu Tui felt that it was about time as he sucked in the dense fog.

He carefully took half a step into the door, afraid that a shadow sword would slash him.

At the same time that he stepped through the door, Xu Tui’s mental perception spread in again. The dense fog had dissipated by almost half. He could barely use his mental perception..