Chapter 990 - Chapter 990: Dimensional Sword (2)

Chapter 990: Dimensional Sword (2)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There was no danger.

He sensed that there was no remnant aura in the body of the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body. It was very pure. However, there was no consciousness left in the pure Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

It had to be said that the shadow sword was still very awesome. It had destroyed it too cleanly.

At the side, the captive, Lavis, drooled. “Dear Xu, give it to me. I swear to be loyal to you. I swear!”

With it, not only could Lavis reshape his body in the shortest time possible, but the body he reshaped was also better than before. Not only could his strength be recovered, but it could also increase to a certain extent.

If he could give him all five Mysterious Silver Glazed Bodies, Lavis even felt that he could have the combat strength of a Planetary and break through to the Planetary realm in a short period of time.

However, the possibility of them all giving him was basically zero. He had to thank the Goddess of Luck for giving him half.

“Boss, can you give me some?” Tri Ling Ding also looked like he was drooling.

“There’s no hurry.”

Xu Tui activated his mind power and put the first Mysterious Silver Glazed Body into the quantum dimensional chain.

It was not Xu Tui’s style to casually distribute such precious things.

Xu Tui looked at the four shadow swords nailed to the four balls in front of him. He wondered if he had to touch each sword with his mind power before they dissipated before he could put away the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body.

And it was true!

Xu Tui carefully touched the second shadow sword with his mind power. He experienced the same scene again.

However, this time, Xu Tui unlocked a new skill.

After his consciousness was pulled into the shadow sword, he could use his consciousness to affect the flow of time in the shadow sword. If he wanted it to be fast, it would be fast. If he wanted it to be slow, it would be slow.

If he wanted to see the place more clearly, he could play it slower. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui suddenly felt that he needed to take a closer look at the details of the shadow sword nailing the experts of the Great Xi Clan.

Should he study it properly? After all, the shadow sword was very powerful.

Xu Tui could see that in the past hundred years, it had continuously attacked hundreds of times. Among them, it was even deliberately consumed of its energy. In the end, it could even nail a Planetary powerhouse to death in an instant.

Instant kill!

It was an absolute instant kill!

This combat strength was more than enough to reach the heavens.

There must be some details. Under normal circumstances, one would not be able to tell anything. However, if they took a slower look, they might gain something.

This was just like wooing a girlfriend. When you first meet someone, you can only see their face and approximate figure. After being together for a long time, you would be able to discover more secrets and details.

Unfortunately, by the time Xu Tui realized this, he had already finished watching the images in the second shadow sword space.

Fortunately, there was still the third, fourth, and fifth sword.

After putting the second Mysterious Silver Glazed Body into the quantum dimensional chain, Xu Tui entered the third shadow sword. This time, he could do whatever he wanted.

After careful observation, he discovered the mystery of the shadow sword.

The speed of the shadow sword was not fast, but it was definitely fast. No matter how he dodged, he could not avoid the shadow sword.

It was very sharp. The sword did not only injure his body, but also his mental body. Many experts of the Great Xi Clan were nailed by the shadow sword. Their physical bodies did not seem to be seriously injured, but their mental bodies collapsed first.

Multi-directional?

No, it looked more like a multidimensional one.

After the fourth shadow sword dissipated, Xu Tui thought for almost half an hour before he slowly came back to his senses.

Xu Tui suddenly understood something after he carefully studied the hundreds of sword strikes in the image.

Previously, Cai Shaochu had asked Xu Tui to think about his understanding of the sword before studying his grandmaster, Shang Long’s sword. Xu Tui had not thought it through, so he did not dare to touch it.

Xu Tui seemed to have found a direction in the pitch-black space during his research today.

Through his observation of the shadow sword, he had his own thoughts about the sword. Why did a sword have to be a material sword? Mind power could also become a sword! All kinds of superpowers could also become swords. Swords did not have to be single. It could also be multidimensional!

It was a fusion of many factors.

It could be like the Russian nesting doll, one layer after another. It could be physical, mental, supernatural, and so on. It could be like a girlfriend, pure, sexy, cute and virtuous. Only then could she give a fatal strike and completely cut off the possibility of her boyfriend falling in love with someone else.

Xu Tui felt that if he did this well, he could kill the enemy with one strike.

However, there were still many thoughts that he did not think through clearly.

For example, the shadow sword looked extremely slow, but it was actually extremely fast. It looked like it was coming from this side, but it suddenly came out from another direction. Even if it was slowed down by a thousand times, the results could not be seen.

With such a question, Xu Tui thought about touching the fifth shadow sword, especially at the key points. He put in even more effort.

Xu Tui had actually spent less than a minute experiencing the first sword. However, Xu Tui spent more than half an hour on the fifth sword. He did his best to slow down his observation of the key process.

He had gained something from this thought.

Xu Tui realized that the shadow sword did not just have many characteristics. It also had a hint of dimension. When the shadow sword slashed out, time seemed to have slowed down. This was four dimensions.

When the shadow sword slashed out strangely, the space seemed to be distorted or even different. This might be the fifth dimension!

However, the simplest thing was the one-dimensional sword. Every slash was a line..