Chapter 998 - Chapter 998: Big Gift And Be More Lively (1)

Chapter 998: Big Gift and Be More Lively (1)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Another nuclear bomb exploded at the entrance of the Great Xi Clan’s base, successfully stopping the planetary realm experts of the Spiritual Race from chasing in.

Previously, they had used the three-phase thermal bomb. Now that a few more nuclear bombs had exploded internally, no matter how powerful the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base structure was, it still collapsed.

This bought Xu Tui and the others a few more minutes. However, it would not take long to dig a passage.

In the Spiritual Race team, there were quasi-planet and Transformation Realm experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Once their forms changed, the Mechanical Spirit Race would become in a state of excavation.

This kind of cave-in only took a few minutes.

“Since they haven’t chased us in for the time being, let’s fight them!” Xu Tui, who had retreated into the depths of the base, suddenly stopped. He turned around and charged toward the entrance.

He did not bring many people with him.

On Worldly’s side, Xu Tui only brought Zhao Hailong. Then, Ruan Da, Jian Qi, Orona, the commander of the Slav Special Combat Forces, and a burly man, Pilov, were with him.

Pilov was more than two meters tall and two times as wide as Xu Tui. His entire body was covered in heavy alloy armor. He was also holding a five-centimeter-thick Tower Shield in his hand. It was obvious that he was a tank-type Warrior.

After giving a few instructions, Xu Tui let Pilov take the lead.

Xu Tui stopped when he was 500 meters away from the entrance of the collapsed base. He slowly probed with his mental perception and only dared to use his blurry mental perception.

However, in just an instant, Lei Hong, who was above the entrance of the base, sensed that something was wrong. “Be careful. They’re not far away.”

There was a distance of 500 meters between them and a large number of mud buildings. Even if he discovered Xu Tui and the others, Lei Hong, a Planetary realm expert, was helpless.

However, the moment Lei Hong warned him, his expression changed. He reached out with one hand and the lightning hand suddenly reached out.

No matter how fast Lei Hong probed, he only managed to capture one

Mechanical Spirit Realm cultivator who was excavating. The other Mechanical Spirit Realm cultivator was pierced through by more than ten sudden earth spikes and died tragically on the spot.

The other Quasi-Planet of the Mechanical Spirit Race, who was carrying out the excavation, also had a change in expression. Energy covered his body, and his digging efficiency instantly decreased.

Lei Hong assigned two more Transmutation realm Mechanical Spirit Race beings to continue digging. “Don’t worry, I’ll protect you.”

This time, Lei Hong was extremely careful.

The two Transformation Realm Mechanical Spirit Race beings trembled as they dug. Lei Hong and the other two planetary realm experts each protected one of them with their strength.

In less than half a minute, the earth spikes rose again. It completely enveloped the two Transformation Realm Mechanical Spirit Race beings.

Lei Hong’s mind power and lightning that had been accumulating for a long time instantly pounced forward. His current goal was to save people and dig a tunnel as soon as possible. However, at this moment, an extremely pure mind power appeared above the head of this Mechanical Spirit Race Transformation Realm expert.

Lei Hong’s mind power and lightning were very strong. This Mental Vibrating Whip did not disperse it. There was only a slight delay.

But an instant was enough.

The Mechanical Spirit Race Transformation Realm cultivators working in the deep pit were directly pierced to death by the earth spikes that blasted out from all directions.

Lei Hong instantly blushed and flew into a rage out of humiliation. He had actually failed to save them.

“Another one!” Lei Hong shouted.

After a while, no one came forward. Clearly, the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Transformation Realm cultivators were afraid.

Lei Hong was even angrier. “What are you afraid of? This time, I’ll protect you personally! ”

Under such an angry roar, a Transformation Realm Mechanical Spirit Race member transformed into an excavation form again and entered the deep pit to carefully dig.

However, Lei Hong had really given it his all this time. Under his close protection, Xu Tui gave up after trying once.

Lei Gen, who was in command, had an idea.

There was no reason for them to only let the enemy surprise them. They also needed to give the enemy a little surprise. It could only be said that the enemy did not know much about the power of planetary realm experts.

A minute later, the quasi-planetary realm Mechanical Spirit Race member suddenly changed his form into a drill.

In just 10 seconds, a passageway had appeared. He even had to hold on by himself. Xu Tui’s Earth Spikes bombarded his body in an inefficient manner.

At this moment, Lei Hong led the three planetary realm experts through this narrow passageway and entered the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base. @@novelbin@@

A smile appeared on Lei Gen’s face.

The three planetary realm experts would be able to kill everyone inside in no time, right?

However, before Lei Gen could finish laughing, the three planetary realm experts who had just rushed in rushed out at an even faster speed.

The first to rush out was Lei Hong. He was the fastest to rush out.

The moment he rushed out, he even carried the Transformation Realm Mechanical Spirit Race being he had previously protected out of the deep pit. At the same time, he roared, “Retreat, defense, three-phase thermal bomb!”

At the same time as Lei Hong shouted, the other two Planetary realm experts also rushed out, and they had their defenses fully activated.

The quasi-planetary realm Mechanical Spirit Race member working in the deep pit also instinctively soared into the sky, wanting to escape. At this time, don’t ask for the reason. Just run.

Unfortunately, the last two planetary experts who escaped were too fast. The moment their defenses were fully activated, they had a small car accident with him!

The powerful airflow and power caused the quasi-planetary realm expert of the Mechanical Spirit Race to fall back into the pit..