Chapter 996 - Chapter 996: Spiritual Race’S Action

Chapter 996: Spiritual Race’s Action

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xu Tui learned a very important piece of information from Ruan Da.

Ruan Da rushed over after receiving Wei Bin’s notification that he had obtained the coordinates of the asteroid. He was still a step too late.

The reason why it was said to be a notice, not an order.

It was because Wei Bin had made it very clear to Ruan Da in the communication that there was something wrong with his source of information. However, if it was really the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base, he could not let it go.

There might be a trap, but knowing that there was a trap, he still had to jump.

Therefore, Wei Bin made it very clear to Ruan Da that this was not an order, but an announcement. They could choose to go or not.

In short, there might be gains in this place, but the risk was also extremely high!

In the end, Ruan Da still led the team over. Exploring the asteroid belt itself represented endless risks. How could there be gains without risk?

This information gave Xu Tui some ideas.

Cui Xi pulled the seven commanders of the current special forces into a Command channel communication group.

Xu Tui regretted it after he was done. How was this a f*cking chat group? It was clearly a market!

Everyone’s understanding was on point. There might be a conspiracy behind this ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. There might be a mastermind behind it. The mastermind could attack them at any time!

The current situation was a little dangerous. The best way was for the seven special forces to fight together and plan. Even Planetary realm martial warriors were afraid of numbers. The human wave tactic referred to the human wave tactic formed by Transmutation Realm experts. Planetary experts did not need to consider the evolutionary realm human wave tactic.

Currently, there were so many people on the Blue Star, and they were all elites.

There were a total of 15 military advisors in the Transmutation Realm of the various special forces. There were also dozens of Evolution Realm Elites with Transmutation Realm combat strength.

These elites of the special forces had many life-saving items in their hands. It could be said that they were not afraid of a few quasi-planets. If he arranged it well, he would be able to defeat a Planetary realm expert.

This viewpoint was very unified.

However, when it came to the question of who would set up the command and who would unify the command, the dog’s brain was about to come out.

The American Sector’s Freedom Special Force originally wanted to obtain the support of the India Sector, then the European Sector’s Battle Team, and then take down the support of the Heavenly Dao Special Force to obtain command.

Unexpectedly, the Indrats Special Force ignored them.

Previously, they had hidden information, causing the Indrat Special Force to lose a lot of people. While they hated the Worldly Special Force, they also hated the Freedom Special Force.

The Indrat Special Force once again got together with the Apollo Special Force of the European Sector. They supported the Apollo Special Force’s commander, Ger Ning, as the overall commander.

Heavenly Dao Special Force was watching.

On the Huaxia Sector’s side, Ruan Da was fighting for the overall commander. Xu Tui did not say anything.

Anyone could be the commander-in-chief, but Xu Tui could not. The number of members of the Freedom and Indrats Special Forces that he had killed before was not a number.

Of course, when Ruan Da became the commander-in-chief, it was still uncertain who would command who.

However, based on the current situation, if they fought for another three days, they might not be able to decide on the temporary commander.

Xu Tui estimated that there was no possibility of it being settled.

There was only one thing to ask: If a quasi-planetary or Planetary expert really appeared and asked some special forces to bring their elites to take over, would they really be tempting fate? Or was it disobedience?

Therefore, this temporary commander-in-chief was basically useless.

Xu Tui suddenly felt that their generation did not seem to be like the older generation of the six sectors of the Blue Star.

No matter what the older generation said, they could still listen to orders and fight a bloody battle! But now, they could not even choose a temporary commander.

Xu Tui could not even be bothered to peek at the screen. He continued to think about the preliminary form of his Dimensional Sword.

For example, getting a few children first!

Xu Tui felt that his height was not high enough to directly create the Dimensional Sword. He needed to take it step by step. However, now, there was no problem to come up with a few swords.

A mental sword in a normal sword? It would be best if a Mental Vibrating Sword came out of it. Maybe another Earth Sword that was instantiated from the Mental Sword? From there, another Water Sword?

Xu Tui felt that this was quite good. He was slowly putting it into practice. He had no idea about the high-dimensional sword for the time being. Xu Tui also had some ideas about low-dimensional swords, such as the two-dimensional sword.

A low dimension did not mean that it was harmless.

Low dimensions often represented easy and direct violence.

Cui Xi looked disgusted as if he had eaten a fly. The argument in the temporary Command channel of the various special forces made him extremely depressed.

Xu Tui focused on cultivating his Dimensional Sword. Occasionally, he would even try it out and improve at lightning speed.

Half an hour later, Cui Xi suddenly woke Xu Tui up. “Commander, wake up.

Commander?”

“What’s wrong? Is there a result?” Xu Tui glanced at the temporary Command channel. It was very quiet. It seemed like the results were out.

“No, there’s someone else.”

“The battle team from the American Sector has arrived?” Xu Tui frowned.

“It’s good if they’re here. The American Sector’s battle team is expected to arrive at the Fuqiang asteroid in about half an hour. Just ten minutes ago, the radar suddenly detected more than ten energy auras flying towards the asteroid at high speed. It will land in two minutes,” Cui Xi said.

“Which family?”

“It doesn’t look like it’s from the Blue Star. It looks more like the Mechanical Spirit Race.”

Xu Tui instantly stood up when he heard that. “Spiritual Race? Where are the other special forces?”

“The rest of the special forces are preparing for battle.” “No one came to the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base to prepare for battle?” Xu Tui only reacted when he asked this question.

Previously, everyone wanted to fight to enter the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base.

Now, they were all avoiding it. The reason was very simple. If the Spiritual Race really attacked and they hid in the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, it would be nn diffprpnt frnn-n hidincr in pndl

It was more like courting death! @@novelbin@@

Being blocked by a Spiritual Race expert at the entrance of the base, he couldn’t even run. He could only wait for death!

“Commander, what about us? Should we retreat?” Yan Lie asked nervously.

“Number of enemies, strength?”

“We’re investigating. It needs to be closer. We can have results in about two minutes.”

Cui Xi’s words were very clear. They had less than a minute to make a decision. Should they guard the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan or leave it? After all, if they left the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base, they could retreat at any time with the fighter jets. Staying at the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base was very likely a dead end!

“There’s no hurry. Let’s wait a little longer!” As Xu Tui frowned, he contacted the Tri Ling Ding with his consciousness. “Sense and determine the strength of the Spiritual Race’s energy.” “Boss, it’s still a thousand kilometers away. It’s not too accurate.”

“I allow you to make errors.”

“Alright… Based on the intensity of the energy fluctuations, there should be three Planetary realms, twelve quasi-planets, and one hundred and twenty-one Transformation realms.”

Xu Tui’s expression instantly changed.

Three Planetary realms and nine quasi-planets. This lineup was too f*cking powerful. This lineup could be used to charge Mars or even Manut asteroid. But now, the Spiritual Race was actually using this lineup to deal with these special forces whose strongest combat strength was only at the Transmutation Realm.

What the hell was he trying to do?

Total annihilation!

Their goal was definitely to wipe them out!

From the looks of it, the Spiritual Race was definitely the mastermind. Everything was set up for this annihilation. It might be revenge for their previous failure. It was also possible that Lei Tian from the forward operating base needed a great victory, and coincidentally, they came here.

Xu Tui contacted Ruan Da immediately and told him the information he had just obtained.

“Xu Tui, what do you think?”

“I personally suggest that your Haotian Special Forces also retreat to the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, including the special forces of the Russian Federation. We will defend this base to the death. The terrain inside this base is complicated. If you set it up well, Planetary realm experts will be extremely restricted,” Xu Tui said.

“But… but once we retreat into the base, we can only defend one way. If we stay outside, there’s still a possibility of retreat,” Ruan Da said.

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Xu Tui, listen to my advice. It’s still not too late for you to leave the ancient base. Even if the enemy wants to deal with all seven special forces, we have to split our forces. If we split our forces to deal with them, we still have the possibility of retreating. In the end, some of them will be able to escape!” Ruan Da said.

“I feel that since the Spiritual Race has already planned this, they won’t give you the chance to escape quickly.”

“We have to give it a try. We can’t just sit back and wait for death!” Ruan Da said firmly.

Xu Tui could tell what Ruan Da was thinking and what the other special forces were thinking.

They wanted to retreat! They wanted to escape from the Fuqiang asteroid.

At this moment, the special forces of the other sectors would be the most popular tool to attract firepower. How many people could escape was how

many.

Three planetary realm cultivators and 12 quasi-planetary realm cultivators. Just listening to this number made one feel despair!

To be honest, the special forces in the various sectors had a good plan. The question was, could they really evacuate the Fuqiang asteroid with technological equipment at this moment?

Xu Tui was pessimistic about this. The technological level of the Spiritual Race was half a generation higher than that of the Blue Star humans.

“Take out all three-phase thermal bombs and concentrate them at these points. Then, at this node at the back, dismantle the alloy plates of the passageway and establish an energy impact defense barrier…”

Instead of leaving the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan and retreating into space to try their luck, it was better to stay inside the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

Three planetary realm cultivators are very powerful!

However, under the special terrain, if they rushed in, the three-phase thermal bomb would definitely give them the greatest surprise.

As for detonating the bomb, Xu Tui could do it remotely.

Twenty seconds later, a blue light suddenly exploded ten kilometers above the ground. This burst of blue light was like a deep blue wave that erupted in the night sky, spreading in all directions.

“F*ck, electromagnetic particle waves!”

The moment he saw it, Xu Tui’s mind power surged. He turned off the radar of the Aerospace Combat Jet and the supply ship that he could touch, especially the temporary communication tower in the base.

However, even if Xu Tui’s reaction speed was fast, he was still a little slow. The radars of several Aerospace Combat Jets were destroyed instantly. Fortunately, Xu Tui had retained the radar and temporary communication tower of the supply ship.

This was also the reason why the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan was slightly further away from the eruption point of the electromagnetic ion wave and was underground.

It gave Xu Tui some time to react.

The other special forces were not so lucky. In the middle of the field, the electronic equipment was instantly paralyzed. Some Aerospace Combat Jets and supply ships that had already taken off fell on the spot. The passengers inside rushed out crazily to escape.

The temporary Command channel instantly fell silent. The connection was cut off!

At the same time, hundreds of figures spread out above the asteroid.

Lei Gen hung in the sky with Lei Hong and began to command the battle.

At the same time, Li Qingping, who was on duty on the Manut asteroid, suddenly stood up and gently pressed the alarm. At the same time, he shouted,

“Enemy attack!”

Above the asteroid, eight Planetary realm guards instantly rose into the sky. Li

Qingping held his sword upside down and stepped into space. He looked at Lei

Tian, who had stopped in the distance, and sneered.. “Commander-in-chief Lei, is your injury healed? It doesn’t hurt anymore?”