Chapter 995 - Chapter 995: Seven Men In A Beauty Trap

Chapter 995: Seven Men in a Beauty Trap

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Old Cui, distribute the Origin Crystals you obtained previously to everyone. Ten minutes later, get the people who have just cultivated to change their defenses and take turns to rest and cultivate.”

Xu Tui gave his first order after he came out of the absolute safety door.

Cui Xi was stunned. “Commander, aren’t we going to take the initiative to contact the Heavenly Dao Special Forces in Area 7? If they join forces with the American Sector or the India Sector, we might become very passive.”

“Do you think that the Yamato, Korean Star, and Sing-Malaysia Sectors can be easily fooled and sided with? Speaking of which, there’s a reason why you’re still single and training your hand speed,” Xu Tui said.

Cui Xi was a little confused. He was talking about strategy. Why did it have to do with the fact that he did not have a girlfriend?

“Actually, wooing a girlfriend is similar to a negotiation game. If you chase too closely, or rather, take the initiative, you will let the other party take the opportunity to grasp you. It’s best to stay away from each other after expressing our cooperation,” Xu Tui said.

“Commander, do you mean that I should contact the three special forces and express our attitude of cooperation? Then, they can decide how to go for the next step?” Cui Xi understood.

“What I mean is that you have to get out of singlehood as soon as possible! I brought a bunch of single people out to develop in the asteroid belt. If any of you dare to say that you’re not in a relationship before you’re honored, I’ll f*cking break down for the rest of my life.”

Xu Tui spoke as he walked, but Cui Xi’s face turned a little green. What was going on?

The new members of the Worldly Special Force had come out to follow Xu Tui. Although they had a mission ahead of them, he had to give them some benefits to look forward to.

There was no need to mention the old members. They had earned a large sum of Origin Crystals on the resource planet. Some people who were close to Xu Tui, such as Cui Xi, Luo Murong, and Yan Lie, directly stored their Origin Crystals with Xu Tui.

They knew about Xu Tui’s quantum dimensional chain. It was convenient to use and it was safe.

Good lord, that balance made Xu Tui drool.

To the old members, these few months of saturated cultivation could be said to be worth more than 100 grams of Origin Crystals. However, they lacked new members. The earlier they distributed it, the more they could increase their strength.

Besides, the old members had gained a lot of benefits just now.

This was especially so since everyone had absorbed two to three wisps of colorful spiritual power. Those were true treasures.

Unfortunately, the research results of the humans on the Blue Star were too little. They did not even know the exact level.

Now, it was clear that there was white, silver, and color. However, it was still uncertain if there were any other colors of Spiritual Power between silver and color.

However, Xu Tui felt that the total amount of two to three wisps of colorful spiritual power should exceed the total amount of spiritual power in the Spiritual Race’s Silver Spirit Box.

This was equivalent to Cui Xi, Tao Guan, and the others each absorbing at least one spiritual power from the silver spiritual box.

Xu Tui knew very well how much that thing could increase his strength.

Speaking of which, during the Mars Defense Battle, Itavi had spent a lot of effort to capture Xu Tui and exchange him with the Spiritual Race. The exchange was only two purified Silver Spirit Boxes.

Itavi was one of the top Planetary powerhouses on the Blue Star. He worked so hard just for two Silver Spirit Boxes.

There was no need to talk about its value.

As for Xu Tui, he had already experienced the huge benefits. Some of this could be reflected in the range of mental perception.

Why was it ‘some’?

This was because the range of mental perception was a circle. As the radius became larger and larger, the mind power required for every meter of radius increased greatly.

In short, the larger the radius of the circle, the larger the area of each additional meter of the circle.

Before this, Xu Tui did not need any buffs. When he did not use his mind power enhancement necklace, his mental perception range was 2,700 meters. His accurate perception range was 1,350 meters, and the maximum range of his blurry perception was 2,700 meters.

After the fire slip shattered, Xu Tui, who had absorbed 40 to 50 wisps of colorful spiritual power, had his mental perception range increase to 3,300 meters.

The radius of his blurry perception had increased by a full 600 meters.

Based on this number of references, Xu Tui’s mind power had increased greatly this time.

However, according to Old Cai’s research, increasing mind power with spiritual power was only a relatively small and basic aspect.

Spiritual power strengthened the entire mental body. This improvement was all-rounded.

For example, the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception had expanded, but the clarity of his mental perception had also greatly increased.

Previously, Xu Tui had to deliberately use his microscopic perception to see some details. Now, mental perception was microscopic perception.

For example, the power of the Earth Spike, the mental hammer, and the Mountain Formula had greatly increased in all aspects.

The difference in power was the most obvious between the Mountain Formula and the Stab Formula.

For example, the Mountain Formula. Previously, the size of the ‘mountain’ character that was instantiated had always been limited. The maximum size was a small mountain that was ten by ten meters.

However, after the core of his mental body was strengthened by the colorful spiritual power, Xu Tui realized that the Mountain Formula he instantiated could increase to 15 meters by 15 meters.

The range of damage increased.

But that was not the most abnormal thing. @@novelbin@@

The most abnormal thing was that he could shrink it. The largest was 15

meters by 15 meters, and the smallest of the Mountain Formula could be shrunk to five meters by five meters. However, there was still so much instantiation power.

After the Star Core of the mental body was strengthened to silver, it could actually be condensed into the Mountain Formula.

It would definitely be very powerful. Unfortunately, he could not test it now.

There were also earth spikes. Before this, Xu Tui’s number of earth spikes had always been limited. There were only eight of them. After absorbing the two silver spiritual boxes, the number of earth spikes that were blasted out at once reached nine.

Then, when Xu Tui tried it just now, there were 14 of them. Moreover, it was thicker, longer, and harder.

Xu Tui liked such earth spikes the most.

There were many similar improvements. Even the size of the space in the quantum dimensional chain had increased.

However, Xu Tui was thinking about his Dimensional Sword the most. This was his future direction. Unfortunately, other than the shattered fire slip and a large amount of attributeless mist, there was nothing else behind the door.

This made Xu Tui very confused.

Where did the shattered fire slip come from? Why was the door able to open after a little blood was taken from his fingers? Was it related to the Blue Star humans? Or was there some broader condition?

Also, what was going on with the small sword that appeared on the red fire slip in his mind?

It was all questions. Xu Tui had to figure them out one by one.

As the Heavenly Dao Special Force of Area 7 landed on the Fuqiang asteroid, it became lively.

The commander of the Heavenly Dao Special Forces had the surname Huang and was called Huang Tong. They also had a vice-captain from the Yamato Sector and the Korean Star Sector. They had thought that they were the first to arrive at this ancient base.

Before they landed, the three forces in the special forces discussed the exploration plan.

However, not long after, the American Sector’s Freedom Special Force and the India Sector’s Indrat Special Force who took the initiative to contact them poured a bucket of cold water on them.

Someone had already beaten them to it!

However, Huang Tong and the others realized that the Freedom Special Force and the Indrat Special Force had not completely occupied the base. There was still a chance.

There was excitement under his disappointment. Then, they learned that the Worldly Special Force of the Huaxia Sector had already occupied the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan. This almost made the members of the Heavenly Dao Special Force vomit blood.

It was the Worldly Special Force of the Huaxia Sector.

Next, it was a battle of wits between the three special forces outside. They wanted to unite and attack the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan and kill the Worldly Special Force before dividing the benefits. Unfortunately, no one was willing to take the lead.

The India Sector’s Indrat Special Force was not even willing to split up and explore.

The three-phase thermal bomb had scared off Larriwang from the Indrat Special Force.

Of course, the commanders of the special forces of the three families also thought of the possibility of the mastermind. Their higher-ups had reminded them of this when they came. They had to pay attention to the risks.

The Great Xi Clan’s ancient base had indescribable value, but it might also hide a huge risk, so they had to be extremely careful!

The three families suggested a joint operation and a unified deployment. After all, these three families had cooperated many times on the Blue Star.

Unfortunately, it was just talk. As soon as there was a practical action, everyone shrank back.

In the next five hours, the fifth, sixth, and seventh special forces arrived one after another. Other than the fact that there was no one from the Africa Sector and The Myth, the sixth of the seven sectors had all come. There was another one from the Huaxia Sector.

Haotian Special Forces!

This only made the people from the American Sector and the India Sector feel so angry! They had originally wanted to eat the Worldly Special Force, but this was a little difficult.

However, there was also good news.

The official battle team of the American Sector was also on their way. They were expected to arrive at the Fuqiang asteroid in an hour.

For a moment, the usually uninhabited asteroid became extremely lively.

The American Sector, the India Sector, and the Heavenly Dao Special Forces joined forces and guarded the entrance of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base. They blocked the newly arrived Haotian Special Forces from the Huaxia Sector and the Russian Federation.

They were not allowed to enter the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base to meet up with the Worldly Special Force. After these two special forces met up with the Worldly Special Force, they would have nothing to do with the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base.

“The situation now is simply a replica of the six major sectors on the moon! If this ancient base of the Great Xi Clan was a beauty, it would be seven men fighting for the beauty!” Cui Xi had a depressed expression.

“Seven men fighting for a beauty is not scary. I’m just afraid that this is a honey trap.” Xu Tui sighed in the base.

“If there’s a honey trap, come at me. I’ll keep the beauty and send the honey trap back!” Cui Xi had a frivolous expression.

“Can you send a Planetary realm back?”

This question made Cui Xi instantly wither. He quickly shook his head.

“Quasi-planetary?

Cui Xi shook his head again.

Xu Tui looked at Cui Xi’s crotch with interest. “Old Cui, how good must a man be? Your rod is not working yet.”

Cui Xi had an indignant expression.

“Researcher Jiang, how’s the dismantling of the equipment?” Xu Tui suddenly asked in the communication channel.

“Two-thirds of the key important equipment has been dismantled. The main materials have been loaded, but I still need some time. I’ll bring as many as I can,” Jiang Nan said.

“Okay, you still have time at the moment.” After contacting Jiang Nan, Xu Tui said to Cui Xi, “Old Cui, almost everyone is here. Create a group with the commanders of the special forces. I think we should chat.”

After saying that, Xu Tui looked out of the base tunnel. “I wonder when the baiter will appear?”

At the same time, on a meteorite flying with the Fuqiang asteroid from afar, Lei Hong arrived beside Lei Gen, who was in charge of strategic command.

“Gen’zi, there are seven fleets. Including the Great Xi people, there are eight teams. Should we wait a little longer or attack?” Lei Hong asked.

“There are enough of them. We can move now.” Lei Gen nodded. “But there are no overly strong energy fluctuations inside?

“They didn’t fight with the Great Xi?”

“Then should we continue waiting?” Lei Hong frowned. After thinking for a few seconds, Lei Hong shook his head. “We can’t wait any longer.. Completing the goal is more important! Sir, gather!”