Chapter 991 - Chapter 991: Dimensional Sword (3)

Chapter 991: Dimensional Sword (3)

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Everything on the line was destroyed.

Other than this sword, there was nothing else.

Dimensional Sword?

A multidimensional sword?

Xu Tui suddenly had a new idea. Coupled with his previous thoughts about the sword, it kept appearing in Xu Tui’s mind at that moment. However, it was continuously rejected, modified, and preserved by Xu Tui. Suddenly, Xu Tui had a new understanding of his sword.

Xu Tui liked this direction very much.

The fifth Mysterious Silver Glazed Body was put into the quantum dimensional chain. Lavis and Tri Ling Ding were already looking forward to it. This thing was too tempting to them.

However, Xu Tui pretended not to see it.

In Xu Tui’s eyes, the Mysterious Silver Glazed Bodies were precious. However,

it was still too small compared to what Xu Tui had gained from the five shadow swords.

Dimensional Sword!

A multidimensional sword!

This was a clear direction for his future cultivation, especially the direction of the sword. It was easier to achieve twice the results with half the effort with a direction. Of course, Xu Tui only had a basic direction at the moment. He still had to slowly think about the specifics.

Then, Xu Tui’s gaze landed on the door at the end of the tunnel.

For this door, half of the elites of the Great Xi Clan had died or been injured. They had even built an absolute safety door to isolate them. In the end, even the planetary-level powerhouse with four satellites had been killed by the shadow sword. The problem was, what was behind this door?

The answer was—Don’t know.

However, it was definitely extremely valuable. Otherwise, the Great Xi Clan’s Four Satellites Planetary powerhouse would not have died after decades of research.

It might be the ruins of a civilization. Of course, it might also be the treasure of a powerful figure. Xu Tui would be letting himself down if he did not investigate.

However, Xu Tui would not court death.

The situation in the shadow sword had already allowed Xu Tui to discover some patterns.

For example, if you approached the door, you would not be attacked by the shadow sword as long as you did not show any signs of violence or threat.

The Four Satellites planetary-level powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan also had no choice but to use violence after trying all kinds of methods. In the end, he was nailed to death here by the shadow sword.

Basically, all the ways Xu Tui could think of to open the door had been thought of and tested by the Planetary powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan.

Xu Tui had nothing to try. He felt that the only feasible experiment was the small peephole in the middle of the door. He wanted to see if there was any hidden high-tech technology. Could he unlock it with his pupils or fingerprints? He could also try blood and other bodily fluids.

Xu Tui felt that blood and bodily fluids might be more reliable. If there was really a lock, this lock might be targeting a certain characteristic.

Otherwise, it was basically impossible to solve it.

He had to try his best. @@novelbin@@

Xu Tui had such a mentality. He first imitated the Four Satellites planetary-level powerhouse of the Great Xi Clan and leaned his eyes forward. Only then did he realize that the peephole was so dirty and a little disgusting.

The benefits of the quantum dimensional chain were displayed at this moment. Xu Tui threw a few packets of wet tissues inside.

It could be used to clean or hydrate at critical moments. After wiping it clean, Xu Tui glared at it again.

His left eye was useless.

His right eye was still useless.

Saliva was useless.

In the end, Xu Tui smeared the blood that he had high hopes on. Then, he watched expectantly.

This was Xu Tui’s last move. If it did not open now, Xu Tui would have to leave. He did not dare to court death with the shadow sword around. After waiting for a minute, the blood that had been smeared on it had dried. There was still no movement from the door.

Tsk!

Xu Tui was so depressed that he wanted to curse, but he still could not. He endured it and did not dare to kick. The death of the Great Xi’s Planetary powerhouse was not in vain.

“Commander, fingerprints. Try fingerprints. There are still fingerprints that haven’t been tested,” Yan Lie quickly reminded Xu Tui when he saw that he was discouraged.

“Is that possible? I’ve never been here before. It’s impossible for me to record my fingerprints.” Although he was saying that, Xu Tui still pressed his index finger on it.

Xu Tui suddenly felt a sharp pain at his fingertips. He pulled his hand away at lightning speed.

In the next moment, Xu Tui, Yan Lie, and Zhao Hailong’s eyes widened.

The door opened!

The door actually opened.

“Haha, Commander, I told you to test your fingerprints. Look, the door is open.” Yan Lie laughed..