Chapter 1000 - Chapter 1000: Please Choose

Chapter 1000: Please Choose

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Somewhere in the starry sky of the asteroid belt, the few balls of light that had just flashed suddenly dimmed.

These clusters of light were precisely because Lavis had lost contact and had no choice but to undergo a short-distance warp to rush to the Fuqiang asteroid, the Great Xi Executive, Günther, and the others.

The reason for stopping was simple.

The Quark Particle Jumper that they had specially used for long-distance transitions had a signal again.

It was just that the time span was a little long.

It had been eight hours since the last signal appeared. Under normal circumstances, after a warp, including the cooldown and recharge time, it would take at most half an hour to send out a signal again and act as a warp beacon.

But why did it only appear after eight hours? Something must have happened!

The Great Xi Clan’s executive officer, Gunter, was not an easy person.

“Bram, first contact the oscillating quark particle warp device, but don’t be in a hurry to warp. Ask about the situation with our race’s warp code and see if Lavis will respond!” Günter ordered.

Only the experts of the Great Xi Clan knew about the secret warp code of their Great Xi Clan. Moreover, they could only respond after cultivating the unique energy of their Great Xi Clan. This way, he could easily determine the situation.

“Alright, sir, as you wish!” Bram was a very gentlemanly powerhouse.

In the ancient base of the Great Xi Clan, the large lollipop-like quark particle jumper suddenly flashed. The six edges began to flicker without any pattern. Some were long, some were short, and some continued to flicker. “Ah Huang, is there any possibility of analyzing the changes in this signal?” “Tri Ling Ding, do you know what’s going on?”

These random flashes immediately made Xu Tui realize something. However, Xu Tui did not ask Lavis immediately. Xu Tui could not completely believe this captive’s words. He had to make his own judgment.

“Without basic data, it can’t be analyzed.”

“If I remember correctly, this should be the secret language of the Great Xi Clan, but I don’t know what the specific content is.” Tri Ling Ding’s answer seemed to be useful.

Then, Xu Tui took out the alloy piece of Lavis’ body from his mind power shield cap. “Take a look for yourself. What’s going on with your secret code?”

A light flashed on the alloy block. Lavis was still a little surprised that Xu Tui knew about the secret warp code.

“I can’t understand the warp code, but you definitely know it! Therefore, you can deal with it or respond. But let me make my position clear to you first. I want one or two planetary realm experts from your Great Xi Clan’s advance team to participate in the battle,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as he said this, Lavis was a little stunned. “My dear Xu, there are still so many enemies outside. Why don’t you attract another batch?” Lavis had some understanding of the current basic situation.

“You don’t have to worry about this! In any case, I only have one condition. No matter how you respond, a portion of your advance team has to warp over. At least one planetary realm, but not more than two planetary realms! If none of the planetary realms came, I’ll whip you until your mental body collapses,” Xu Tui said. “What if there are too many?” “I’ll still whip you!” “What if he doesn’t come over?”

“I’ll still whip you!”

Lavis was stunned and slightly autistic. This was not something he could control, okay?

“I… I’ll try my best, but I need to come into contact with this quark particle jumper and respond with the secret code. They are asking me if I am safe and if I can warp.” Lavis pondered for a second before deciding to continue to be loyal to Xu Tui.

Or rather, he was loyal to his life!

“Whatever. Anyway, there’s only one rule. If it’s not right, I’ll whip you!” @@novelbin@@

Lavis: ‘

Thirty seconds later, when the flashes on the Quark Particle Jumper stopped, Lavis directly transferred his remaining energy into the Quark Particle Jumper. The Quark Particle Jumper started flashing at a strange frequency again.

Xu Tui’s mental perception enveloped Lavis. His mental hammer hovered in the air. If he made any abnormal movements, he would kill him with a single hammer strike.

In the depths of the asteroid belt, Bram, who was using the Great Xi Clan’s unique energy fluctuation secret technique to contact the Quark Particle Jumper, suddenly reported.

“Executive Officer, Lavis responded. He said that there are humans from the Blue Star over there who have been pestering them. He’s injured, only now does he have the time to restart the quark particle warp device. The warp environment is relatively safe. We have to warp as soon as possible,” Bram said.

“There are indeed humans from the Blue Star!” Günter’s eyes lit up again. “To be able to fight with Lavis for eight hours, Lavis is still alive. That means that the enemy is not very strong!”

After thinking for a moment, Günter said to Bram, “Take a group of elites and warp over to open the way. After you’re done warping, charge the warp device immediately. After the charging is over, we’ll warp over immediately!”

Günter was more confident in warping over himself, after all, he was stronger. However, it would be foolish for the leader of a troop to only know how to charge into battle. He could just leave the matter of charging into battle to his subordinates. Only by finding out the exact situation would they, the executives, be able to go into battle safely and contribute. Otherwise, why would he need his subordinates?

“Yes, sir!”

Bram was a planetary realm Thousand-Leap Commander. As a Thousand-Leap Commander, he could bring nine to ten quasi-planets with him. This was a very powerful force.

Executive Officer Günter temporarily adjusted the team and let him bring five quasi-planets and fifty transmutation realms over. “The warp is about to begin. Executive, please protect me.”

That was how it should be.

The Great Xi Clan’s long-distance warp technology was very powerful. Even when warping, they needed someone to protect them. If they were forcefully interrupted, it would be very troublesome.

“Long-distance warp, countdown begins in three minutes!”

When Bram began to warp, the large lollipop in the depths of the Great Xi Clan’s ancient base suddenly lit up at a high frequency.

“What’s going on?” Xu Tui looked at Lavis. “The warp has begun,” Lavisser replied quickly.

“Are vou sure?”

“Yes. The warp process will take three to five minutes.”

“Mm, very good. I hope there’s no surprise!”

“I don’t think so…” Lavis felt a little uncertain. “But my dear Xu, I promise, I’m definitely on your side.”

“We’re about to find out.’

“Let’s move. Establish a defensive barrier for the worst-case scenario. At the same time, set up the chain detonation device of the three-phase thermal bomb!” Xu Tui said to Cui Xi.

Xu Tui had lured the tiger into his house. However, he had to have some tricks up his sleeve if he wanted to drive the tiger into devouring the wolf. If he did not have any tricks up his sleeve, he would definitely be devoured by the tiger until not even his bones were left.

“Yan Lie, report the situation at the base entrance.”

“Commander, the Spiritual Race’s excavation progress is very fast. It’s estimated to be dug up in five to eight minutes,” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui was silent for a second before he immediately said, “Send a small nuclear bomb over and pay close attention to their excavation progress. If their excavation progress is too fast, then increase the difficulty for them.”

“Alright.”

The large lollipop-like particle warp device had already turned bright, and its brilliance was getting more and more dazzling.

“Orona, Ruan Da, the three of us are at the front. If the planetary realm experts of the other party attack us as soon as they appear, we have to attack at all costs to buy time for negotiation,” Xu Tui said.

Ruan Da and Orona nodded at the same time. “What if… what if we can’t come to an agreement?”

“If we can’t reach an agreement, then these three three-phase thermal bombs are prepared for them. There’s no need to restrict planetary realm experts in this narrow passageway. It’s enough for them to suffer,” Xu Tui said.

“But we…” Ruan Da wanted to see that scene, and his face was a little pale.

Xu Tui glanced at Ruan Da and did not say anything. He ordered the other members of the special forces to retreat.

Realizing something, Ruan Da’s face turned pale again, followed by bitterness!

“Soon. ”

It was Lavis’s voice.

Thirty seconds later, a ball of light began to flash at the top of the Quark Particle Jumper. The ball of light grew larger and larger. It was blue and exuded a sense of mystery and science fiction.

In ten seconds, dozens of phantoms appeared and gradually solidified.

“Dear Xu, we will be able to communicate with them soon,” Lavis reminded him. From this, he was on Xu Tui’s side.

20 seconds later, the ball of light instantly disappeared, and 56 figures appeared around the Quark Particle Jumper. The leader, Thousand-Leap

Jumper, Bram, had a change in expression. He had already discovered Xu Tui.

But there was no sign of Lavis!

Xu Tui’s voice sounded almost at the same time. “Hello, Mr. Bram from the

Great Xi Clan. I’m Xu Tui from the Blue Star’s Huaxia Sector.”

As soon as he said this, Bram’s expression changed. “You actually know my name? Lavis told you? Lavis surrendered to you?”

“Of course, Mr. Lavis helped us analyze your warp code and has already completely sworn his allegiance to the Huaxia Sector. However, he has no ill intentions towards you!”

Inside the alloy block, Lavis was indescribably depressed. There was no way out! From now on, he had no way out! Even if he could obtain the Mysterious Silver Glazed Body and escape back to the Great Xi Clan, he would still be a traitor!

In the Great Xi Clan, it was not scary to be captured. There were even rules within the that stated that they could give up some insignificant things to save their lives or even exchange for themselves.

However, it also listed many key things. Whoever breached it would die! For example, the secret code about the quark particle jumper!

Sure enough, Bram’s expression instantly became incomparably sharp and vigilant. If what Xu Tui said was true, then they had been lured over by Xu Tui.

Was this a trap?

Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance sensed the psychological changes in Bram. He hurriedly said, “Mr. Bram, we don’t have any ill intentions. We are actually allies! I invited you here this time to cooperate to deal with our common enemy!”

“A common enemy?”

“That’s right, the Spiritual Race! The Spiritual Race is our common enemy!”

Thirty seconds later, after a preliminary exchange, Bram figured out the situation. It was roughly that this group of Blue Star humans had been blocked by the Spiritual Race in this ancient base of the Great Xi Clan.

Then, he wanted to use them to deal with the Spiritual Race!

What a joke!

“The Spiritual Race is our enemy, but there’s no friendship between us. I think I should capture you first!” Bram sneered.

“Uh, well, we’ll just have to let it talk.”

Xu Tui instantly released his mind power, revealing the three three-phase thermal bombs that were enveloped by his mind power.

“Mr. Bram, let me introduce these three warheads to you. These things once easily killed a planetary realm expert of the Spiritual Race. Of course, this was under the premise that this planetary realm expert’s movements were slightly restricted!

“However, there was no need to say anything about its power. It was called a three-phase thermal bomb! Today, I’ve prepared three for you! Then, the three of us were prepared to sacrifice ourselves! Look, are you planning to become friends with us or enemies?

“Please make your choice,” Xu Tui said.

Bram was speechless.

There was a curse that he didn’t know if he should say!