Chapter 201 - Blood Ant Core

Chapter 201: Blood Ant Core

After Ah Huang finished collecting the information, Xu Tui made an excuse and walked into the bathroom. He closed the door and started communicating with Ah Huang.

“There are two discoveries so far. One is bad news, and the other could be good or bad. Which one do you want to hear first?” Ah Huang said.

“Let’s hear the good or bad first.”

...

“Previously, the information flow that gathered your information on the Internet, including the information flow that used high authority to inquire about your information in the Huaxia Genetic Committee’s database, all pointed to the supercomputer here in Sea Paradise.

“It should be someone from Sea Paradise checking your information. However, according to the information flow key byte retrieval, Sea Paradise collected your information flow and sent it to another supercomputer through the encrypted network,” Ah Huang said.

“My information was sent to someone else by someone from Sea Paradise?”

Xu Tui frowned slightly. This news was not bad, but it was definitely not good.

“Ah Huang, can you track down who they sent my information to?” Xu Tui asked.

“Of course.” Ah Huang agreed very readily, but before Xu Tui could be happy, Ah Huang said, “If you move my main body back to the Blue Star, my computing ability will be able to reach 100%. Investigating such a small matter is a piece of cake. Even if you want me to hack into the supercomputer of Sea Paradise, I could do it.”

“Tsk, keep bragging. You know that I can’t do it.” Xu Tui did not believe him.

“Then give me an additional configuration. According to my request, buy another six quantum chips and some other hardware. I’ll modify a super communication device for you. I should be able to track it down.” Ah Huang took a step back.

“How much is that?”

“Not much. You definitely have it. It’s about 1.5 to 2 million,” Ah Huang said.

“Alright, let’s throw it aside first. We won’t be able to use it even if we buy it now. Let’s get down to business. What’s the bad news?”

Ah Huang’s appetite was too big. When it came to the issue of hardware configuration, it would be mentioned in the millions.

Xu Tui, whose assets had just exceeded five million, suffered a slight blow. He still did not seem to be a tycoon.

“The bad news is that you’ve already been targeted. Furthermore, someone has already tampered with your repulsive force flying car.”

As he spoke, Ah Huang sent Xu Tui a video.

In the video, it looked like a three-dimensional parking lot. Zhuang Ziqiang’s beggar version of the repulsive force flying car was parked there quietly.

The video was only one minute long. Xu Tui was confused after watching it once. This was quiet and normal. There was nothing to see.

“Magnify the image three times and slow it down three times,” Tiger said.

Xu Tui did as he was told.

It was only at this moment that Xu Tui realized that a tiny insect the size of a grain of rice was crawling across the floor. It crawled into the gap in the trunk of the repulsive force flying car and disappeared.

“What’s this?”

“You don’t even know that!”

Ah Huang looked at Xu Tui with disdain before sending him a link.

Special intelligent nanomachines could be used for precision maintenance, destruction, information transmission, tracking, explosives, engineering, and many other purposes.

“Ah Huang, this is most likely used for information transmission and tracking purposes. Of course, it might also be used for destruction or explosives. Can you differentiate the specific uses?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, but only if you equip me with an ultra-wide spectrum information sniffer. Then I can tell the difference,” Ah Huang said.

“How much is this ultra-wide spectrum information sniffer?”

“It’s not expensive. I have to use the ultra-miniature ones. They cost more than two million each.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“Ah Huang, let’s not talk about this first. I have two questions. Do you have any further information on who is targeting us? Also, can this thing not be considered as a destructive or explosive function? If the repulsive force flying car is destroyed or explodes on the way, we will be doomed,” Xu Tui asked.

“There should be some on the repulsive-force flying car if you’re eliminating the destructive or explosive functions. All repulsive force flying vehicles were equipped with a power-powered energy detector. Every time the vehicle started, the body of the vehicle would be tested to prevent any accidents.

“If it’s a destructive or explosive special intelligent nanomachine, the energy they carry will definitely exceed the limit. They will be discovered by the repulsive force flying vehicle,” Ah Huang said.

“Even the beggar model?” Xu Tui was a little worried.

“It’s the security configuration. This is standard. As for who wants to target you, I’ve already found all the information for you. Although there’s a super computer here, it’s far inferior to me. Moreover, there are many information branches. It’s easy to obtain surveillance cameras.”

As he spoke, a data packet popped up on Xu Tui’s communication device.

“See for yourself. Say, Xu Tui, I’ve tried my best, right? You’ve also earned money this time. Shouldn’t you reward me?” Ah Huang suddenly said.

“You’re just a computer. What reward do you need? If I give you a beautiful girl or handsome man, can you use her?” Xu Tui had a look of disdain.

“The configuration. I want to add the configuration! I want to add some quantum computing tubes to increase the smoothness,” Ah Huang directly requested.

Xu Tui asked carefully before he agreed to Ah Huang’s request as the previous configurations that Ah Huang wanted range from a few hundred thousand to a few million or even tens of millions.

“How much is this quantum computing tube?”

“This is cheap. The most expensive one is only fifty to sixty thousand yuan,” Ah Huang said.

“Alright, I’ll buy it for you when we go back. You can just buy it online or send me a link.”

“I’ll screen online purchases myself. Remember to pay when the goods arrive.” After getting some configuration, Ah Huang’s voice became very happy.

Xu Tui flipped through the information Ah Huang had sent him. Most of it was audio. There was also a small portion of video and picture-related information.

The Blood Ant Pirates were targeting Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang.

The Blood Ant Pirates had a ferocious name. They were also extremely notorious in the waters around the Huaya Sector. Every year, there would be many tragedies caused by the Blood Ant Pirates.

Among the many pirate groups in Blue Star, the Blood Ant Pirates were ranked second. It was the largest pirate group on the entire Blue Star. A third of the annual maritime robberies on the Blue Star were related to the Blood Ant Pirates.

However, in reality, the Blood Ant Pirates were a relatively loose organization.

With a team organization codenamed Blood Ants as the core, they recruit hundreds or thousands of different-sized plundering teams or small pirate organizations to form the largest Blood Ant Pirates on the Blue Star.

It was like a core that had grown countless furry tentacles. Each tentacle was not too strong, but it had a large number. This was also the reason why the Blood Ant Pirates was ranked first in terms of numbers, but their strength could only be ranked second.

The reason for such a pattern was very simple.

In the Great Genetic Age, being a pirate was also a skill. Without the support of powerful information, pirates couldn’t even touch the shadow of their targets. Other than the support of powerful information and intelligence, there had to be one to several supercomputers backing them.

Ordinary small pirate teams did not have the ability to purchase supercomputers. They could not even afford the lowest-grade super quantum computer. And so, the model of the Blood Ant Pirates was born.

The Blood Ant core team had an intelligence base equipped with several super quantum computers. As for those criminal gangs, even if they found some targets, they would not be able to do anything.

For example, the Black Sword Ant Pirates that were targeting Xu Tui did not have the ability to gather information. They had only found a few targets through their special channels in the regular arena.

However, they did not even know which repulsive-force flying car Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang were on. There was no need to mention when their repulsive-force flying car would leave. Their direction, speed, and so on were all completely dark.

It was completely impossible to rely on someone to keep an eye on them. They had to rely on high-tech support methods.

At the same time, if the pirate crew wanted to live longer, they had to have a detailed understanding and evaluation of the target. Otherwise, it would be a stroke of luck to pounce on him without any information.

They could either succeed in their robbery, or they would die!

The Blood Ant Core provided such intelligence support.

The Black Sword Ant pirate team sent the basic information of their targets to the Blood Ants. The Blood Ants re-analyzed the information of their targets and gave them a reference plan for their actions. At the same time, they also provided technical equipment support.

For example, the special intelligent nanomachines in the video were obtained from the Blood Ants by the Black Sword Ant Pirates.

At the same time, the Blood Ants could also assist in the sale of the items.

It could be said that the Blood Ant core team had already formed a complete industrial chain with the hundreds of pirate teams under the Blood Ant Pirates.

The Blood Ant Pirates were the most notorious pirate crew on the entire Blue Star. This was because they had too many pirate operations teams under them. Their style and methods were ever-changing and had no limits.

However, at the same time, because of this reason, other than the core pirate teams directly under the Blood Ant Pirates, most of the other pirate teams had average strength.

The so-called average strength only applies among the pirates. Compared to most people, the strength of the pirate team was still very shocking.

For example, the Black Sword Ant Pirates that had their eyes on Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang. According to the information Ah Huang had obtained from the personal communication device of the captain of the Black Sword Ant Pirates,

There were a total of 14 people in the Black Sword Ant Pirates. There were nine combatants, five non-combatants, and five repulsive-force flying cars.

Among the combatants, there were five genetic liberators and four genetic mutants. The strongest was a Level C genetic mutant, Captain Black Sword Ant!

This time, in order to deal with Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang, the Black Sword Ant pirate team was fully deployed.

All nine combatants were mobilized.

Half an hour ago, two repulsive-force flying cars had already left Sea Paradise in advance and were waiting at a suitable location around Sea Paradise.

As soon as Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang left Sea Paradise, the repulsive-force flying car of the Black Sword Ant Pirates would be activated.

Three cars surround one!

Nine against two!

Even though Xu Tui’s heart ached for the money, the first thing he thought of when he saw this information was to hire a private guard. As long as a private guard appeared, no matter how strong they were, any pirate team would retreat and stop attacking.

This was also another way for the pirate teams to live in peace with Sea Paradise.

“Old Zhuang, contact and confirm the exact amount needed to hire a personal guard,” Xu Tui asked after they left the washroom.

“Brother Xu, I’ve already consulted them. They’ve also quoted a price. The starting price of one of our cars is 500,000 yuan. Under normal circumstances, it would be safe to escort us for about 500 kilometers. The pirates would usually retreat. Of course, it was also possible to escort us into the Huaxia Sector. The distance was about 930 kilometers. The cost is between two and three million.”

At this point, Zhuang Ziqiang suddenly gritted his teeth. “Brother Xu, hire a personal guard. I’ll pay 70% of the fee. In any case, as long as we return safely, we’ll have profited. We spent money to buy peace. Who asked us not to have the protection of the strong!”

Xu Tui agreed with Zhuang Ziqiang. Spending money to buy peace. However, Zhuang Ziqiang’s last sentence suddenly made his heart skip a beat. At the same time, he recalled the other information about the Black Sword Ant pirate team that he did not need.

“There’s no hurry. I’ll make a call and try to spend less money.”

Xu Tui turned around and walked into the washroom as he spoke. Before he made the call, Xu Tui said to Ah Huang, “Ah Huang, can you encrypt the call for me?”

“It’s a piece of cake!”