Chapter 202 - Where Is The Way Out? (1)

Chapter 202: Where Is the Way Out? (1)

Three men were sitting in a small booth at the edge of the Sea Paradise tea area. One of them was drinking tea, the other was slowly sipping coffee, and the last one was holding a cigar and constantly blowing out clouds. He would occasionally check his personal communication device.

“Boss, it’s already two in the morning, but this kid is still in the hotel room. Are they only returning at dawn?”

The man who was sipping his coffee looked scholarly, but there was a small black sword pendant hanging on his chest. If he were to walk on the streets, not many people would be able to link him to the captain of the Black Sword Ant Pirates.

...

“What? You can’t wait any longer?” Black Sword Ant turned to look at Shark, who was smoking a cigar.

“How could that be? Boss, we only waited for the target for four hours. Last year, we waited for the target for two days and one night.

“However, according to the intelligence, this guy was still a student. He should be rushing back to Huaxia Sector for class tomorrow Monday. The journey would take about three hours, so it was about time to set off. Will there be any changes if we don’t set off now?” Shark analyzed.

Although Shark looked rough, he was very meticulous. He was an important person in the Black Sword Ant pirate team’s intelligence liaison and combatant.

“The informant at the regular arena said that Huang Tianba refused to challenge again on the grounds that he had overexerted his mind power. In my opinion, although Huang Tianba’s mind power was not completely exhausted, he must have consumed a lot of mind power in the previous battle. Sleep is the best way to recover mind power. There is no other way.”

After a pause, Black Sword Ant said, “It seems that this kid is also very vigilant. He probably wants to leave in his peak state. Moreover, it would be more random and safer for him to leave at random in the middle of the night.”

At this point, Black Sword Ant chuckled. Under normal circumstances, such thoughts and actions would be effective.

However, the Blood Ant Pirates had been deeply rooted in Sea Paradise for so many years. No matter how strict the internal management of Sea Paradise was, there were still loopholes to exploit.

They chatted casually with the waiter for a while. It was not considered a crime, right?

The security inside the Sea Paradise was very good. Unauthorized personnel could not enter the customer area, but they could also get a room on the same floor. When they passed by, they could place special intelligent nanomachines to monitor the target’s movements. Who could suspect them?

Was Sea Paradise going to activate its super high-frequency sniffer to scan the entire Sea Paradise?

That was impossible. Who knew what kind of strange things the tourists brought with them?

“Keep a close eye on him. I think he’ll be here soon.”

Before Black Sword Ant could finish speaking, Shark suddenly sat up straight and stubbed out his cigar. “Boss, they went out.”

A smile appeared on Black Sword Ant’s face. He finished his coffee and got up to leave.

“Switch to the information source. We’ll wait in the garage too. With this sum of money, we brothers will be able to live a carefree life for another month or two.”

…

Time went back to three minutes ago.

Xu Tui was sleeping in the hotel suite.

Zhuang Ziqiang kept rubbing his hands. He was visibly nervous. Xu Tui had already told him most of the situation and the plan.

To be honest, Zhuang Ziqiang was both happy and worried. He was happy that he could save a large sum of money. This saved him a large sum of money, which was more than his total income last year. But he was worried that even though Xu Tui’s plan looked perfect, it was still very risky.

Zhuang Ziqiang was a little afraid. If anything were to happen to them, they would fall into the hands of the pirates. They would be considered lucky if they handed over the money and survived.

If they encountered a ferocious one, they would lose both their money and their lives. That would be bad luck.

However, Zhuang Ziqiang felt an inexplicable sense of confidence when he saw Xu Tui sound asleep.

To be honest, after knowing that he had been targeted by the Black Sword Ant Pirates, Zhuang Ziqiang could not calm down. He could not even sit still, let alone sleep.

However, Xu Tui fell asleep shortly after he lay on the bed. He had a good sleep.

Zhuang Ziqiang’s admiration for Xu Tui was indescribable. He felt that Xu Tui was a genius and powerful. He was destined to be powerful just based on his unwavering attitude.

Zhuang Ziqiang felt that he should learn from Xu Tui. He’ll learn Xu Tui’s determination and calmness! Only then could he become powerful!

However, Zhuang Ziqiang did not know that Xu Tui was not someone who would remain calm even if Mount Tai collapsed in front of him. Even though he had a complete plan, he was still a little worried.

It was just that he really needed to recover his mind power.

Xu Tui lay on the bed and entered a meditative state. He relaxed and let go of his thoughts. In less than a minute, he fell asleep.

In terms of his ability to fall asleep quickly, Xu Tui felt that he should be able to make it onto the list if he started a competition in the entire Huaxia Sector.

Xu Tui was woken up by the alarm clock on his communication device. Of course, hei did not set the alarm himself. Instead, it was a smart alarm clock.

With a high-level artificial intelligence super quantum computer like Ah Huang, it had no choice but to be smart.

Xu Tui’s request to Ah Huang was to wake him up after he received confirmation from An Xiaoxue.

That was right. Xu Tui had contacted An Xiaoxue.

Zhuang Ziqiang’s words had enlightened Xu Tui. Which family did not have an expert? Even though Xu Tui was only a freshman, he could still summon two or three experts if he roared shamelessly.