Chapter 208 - Luo Shifeng'S Small Condition

Chapter 208: Luo Shifeng’s Small Condition

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“The Blue Ants are calling for the Blood Ants. The Blue Ants have confirmed that the Black Sword Ant Operation has failed. All the combatants have been wiped out by the enemy. The Blue Ants highly suspect that this is a reverse hunting operation!”

In an underground space, a slightly ear-piercing electronic voice suddenly sounded, attracting the attention of the staff on duty.

“Blood Ants have received the report. Please wait for a reply.”

...

About ten minutes later, a synthetic electronic voice sounded. “Worker Ant, please contact Blue Ant to establish instant encrypted communication.”

“Alright, please wait.”

“Lord Blood Ant, an encrypted communication channel has been established. Please use it,” the guard with the code name Worker Ant said.

“Blue Ant, are there any problems with the Black Sword Ant Operation Team’s hunting operation this time?” Blood Ant’s voice was still electronically synthesized. It must have used technical means.

However, there was an inexplicable sense of oppression in the electronic voice.

“Blood Ant, the Black Sword Ant Operation Team reported this hunting operation as an ordinary hunting operation.

“Whether it was the discovery of a target in the Sea Paradise, the subsequent tracking and positioning of the target, or the intelligence and long-range technical support of the Blood Ant Center, there was no problem.

“However, the Black Sword Ant team’s hunting operation failed. Failure was not scary. It is very common in our line of work. Casualties were also common. However, the Black Sword Ant Operation Team’s battle team was completely wiped out. They did not even send out a request for help.

“We also discovered that something was wrong based on the abnormal trajectory of the Black Sword Ant Operation Team’s repulsive-force flying cars. No traces were found in the area where the incident occurred.

“We could basically confirm that the Black Sword Ant Operation Team had been wiped out in less than a minute. Therefore, I highly suspect that this is a reverse hunting operation. That’s why I specially reported it,” said Blue Ant.

Blue Ant was the leader of the Blood Ant Pirates who were in charge of the Huaya Sector.

“What about the target? Is there anything special?”

“Target is 19 years old. His battle record is quite good. The Blood Ant Center’s assessment of his true combat power is between a Level E genetic mutant and a Level D genetic mutant. The intelligence showed that the target did not have extraordinary group combat abilities, nor did he have any experience in aerial combat.

“The success rate of the Black Sword Ant team sent to me by the supercomputer in the Blood Ant Center was more than 90%. The casualty rate would not exceed 20%. That’s why I didn’t notice. It was just a small operation, but they were all wiped out.”

Blood Ant seemed to think for a few seconds before slowly saying, “The Black Sword Ant team failed to hunt and was wiped out. This has no effect on us. The key question was whether the Huaxia Genetic Committee was behind this target. If it is, it would be really troublesome. Once the Huaxia Sector started targeting us, our hunting routes and businesses would suffer a huge blow.

“Have you investigated this?” Blood Ant asked.

“We’ve already investigated, but it’s only been a short period of time. We haven’t found anything in this area, but we can’t rule out the possibility that the Huaxia Genetic Committee is behind this.

“You know, over the years, the Huaxia Sector has gradually changed their ways. In the past, they wanted to save face first. Now, they want to save face and win at the same time. It’s harder to deal with them,” said Blue Ant.

“Continue investigating. If you find anything, inform me immediately,” Blood Ant said.

“What about the student named Xu Tui who wiped out the Black Sword Ant Team this time? Should we just leave him alone?” Blue Ant asked.

“According to the rules, even if the hunt fails and causes a huge loss to the operation team under our command, We will not take deliberate revenge on our targets. This is how we survive. However, Xu Tui was involved in the general direction of the Huaxia Genetic Committee’s policies.

“Let’s just treat him as a touchstone or a warning device,” Blood Ant said.

“Are we issuing a bounty for him within our Blood Ants?”

“There’s no harm in expanding the scope. There are many organizations like us on the Blue Star today,” Blood Ant said.

“That’s true.” Blue Ant seemed to have thought of something and sighed. “In the Great Genetic Era, an individual’s strength has changed drastically. Not many experts are willing to be inferior to others.”

“Aren’t you and I the same?”

“That’s right. Since the heavens have given us such powerful talents, we have to fight for it. In that case, I’ll issue a bounty.

“As for the bounty amount, let’s just set an ordinary bounty. If this kid really has the shadow of the Huaxia Genetic Committee behind him, we don’t have to provoke the Huaxia Genetic Committee,” said Blue Ant.

“We’ll do as you say. In addition, continue to dig deeper into the target’s social relations. However, make sure not to alert the enemy. If necessary, we can use external intelligence personnel,” Blood Ant said.

“Understood.”

…

Wednesday afternoon.

The teacher’s office of the Neurology Research Center.

The first thing Xu Tui did when he arrived was to swipe his card and enter Luo Shifeng’s office. He used Luo Shifeng’s 24-headed mixed laser array launcher to begin his training on his reaction speed.

This was one of the benefits of Xu Tui being a special researcher in the Neurology Department.

Previously, Xu Tui had to contact Luo Shifeng or Liu Lan every time he came to the research center. Now, he could directly enter the training room and begin his own training. This would save him a little bit of time.

After training ten times in a row, he pulled out an average reaction speed report. He glanced at it, but his expression became a little strange.

The average reaction speed was 1.2 milliseconds.

This average speed was not strange. What was strange was the huge difference between the fastest and slowest reaction speed in this test.

In the ten tests, the fastest reaction was 0.9 milliseconds, and the slowest reaction was 2.1 milliseconds.

It had to be known that Xu Tui’s reaction speed had increased from 4 milliseconds to 2.5 milliseconds after he activated his sixth reaction-type genetic base point last Sunday night. After three days of intense training, Xu Tui’s reaction speed had already increased and stabilized to 2.0 milliseconds.

It was also because of this that Xu Tui had started to activate his seventh reaction-type genetic base point at noon today. After activating a certain number of reaction-type genetic base points, the increase would become smaller and smaller.

Xu Tui had already foreseen this situation. He had already predicted this.

According to the previous pattern, Xu Tui’s reaction speed should increase to about 1 millisecond after he activates the seventh genetic base point. After intense training, it should be able to increase to 0.8 to 0.9 milliseconds.

The average reaction speed was about what Xu Tui had estimated. However, the difference was too great. It was not a stable state at all.

The fastest was 0.9, and the slowest was 2.1.

The slowest reaction speed was even slower than when he activated his seventh reaction-type genetic base point.

Xu Tui went through the second round of ten training tests with a surprised expression.

Half an hour later, he looked at the report card with a surprised expression.

His average reaction speed was 1.2. However, the fastest reaction speed became 0.95 milliseconds, and the slowest reaction speed became 2.2 milliseconds.

The gap widened again.

In terms of reaction speed, when the difference between the fastest and slowest was great, this meant that the state was more unstable. At the same time, the final value of the real reaction speed was usually the slowest reaction speed.

This meant that Xu Tui’s reaction speed was 2 milliseconds before he activated his seventh gene base point. After it was activated, it retreated and became 2.2 milliseconds.

This was really…

Coincidentally, Luo Shifeng had also finished his class. Xu Tui thought for a moment and took the two report cards to look for Luo Shifeng.

“Mr. Luo, take a look at the results of these two reports. The average is about the same, but why is the difference between the fastest and slowest so great?” Xu Tui asked.

After receiving the report card, Luo Shifeng glanced at it and revealed a shocked expression.

“Did you activate a new reaction-type genetic base point? Six or seven?”

“That’s seven.”

Xu Tui did not hide anything.

“That’s right. You’re one step away from perfection and catching up to me. This situation is actually very normal. It’s also a problem with our neurology,” Luo Shifeng said.

“The limit of my reaction speed?” Xu Tui pondered.

“That’s right. Our reaction speed is reflected back to various parts of our bodies. Actually, it’s the various movements that are completed through the reaction speed of our muscles. After increasing our reaction speed to 10 milliseconds, the reaction speed of a normal body would basically reach its limit.

“At this moment, for most people, it was the best choice to start strengthening their muscles and train their reaction speed.

“This was also the reason why there was a huge difference in the reaction speed of the nervous system. Based on my experience, your fastest reaction speed of 0.9 milliseconds should be the result of your eyes reacting to the laser beam.

“2.2 milliseconds was a result of your muscles not reacting fast enough. Try it again if you don’t believe me. I’ll test your reaction speed.” Luo Shifeng smiled.

Luo Shifeng immediately conducted a test on Xu Tui’s reaction speed.

The result was as Luo Shifeng had said. The nerves in the eyeball area reacted the fastest. The reaction speed of the other parts of his body was slightly slower. The reaction speed of his waist and hips was actually as low as 4 milliseconds. It was far lower than the results Xu Tui had tested.

It should be because his muscle reaction speed was weaker.

“Mr. Luo, does that mean that it’s useless to continue increasing my reaction speed?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“The current theory in the research world is that a pure reaction speed of five milliseconds is not much. What you have is considered rare. Most people would undergo specialized muscle reaction speed training after their reaction speed reached 10 milliseconds.

“This is a course for your sophomore year.

“This was because after the muscle reaction speed training, the overall reaction speed of a person would be more stable and more efficient. This would increase the overall reaction speed and increase the survival rate on the battlefield. It can even increase one’s reaction speed.”

At this point, Luo Shifeng smiled desolately. “Of course, for those of us who do research in the Neurology Department, we still have to constantly increase our reaction speed. Who knows, we might be able to discover a brand new genetic ability chain someday?”

“I only have muscle reaction speed training in my second year?” Xu Tui felt a little helpless about this.

“Of course, that’s the normal progress of most students. Of course, if you want to learn in advance, I can teach you.

“Although I don’t teach the sophomore muscle reaction class, it’s not a problem for me to teach you. Our teachers in the Neurology Department have put in a lot of effort in order to achieve a comprehensive reaction speed. Otherwise, how would we be able to dodge the bullets at close range?” Luo Shifeng smiled.

“Thank you, Mr. Luo.” Xu Tui was instantly delighted.

“However, I have a small condition.” Luo Shifeng smiled.