Chapter 205 - Ah Huang'S Secret About Xiaoxue

Chapter 205: Ah Huang’s Secret About Xiaoxue

Xu Tui did not want to drive without a license if he had a choice. He had been a law-abiding child since he was young. And driving without a license was a crime.

However, An Xiaoxue had forced him to drive without a license.

Actually, he was not driving without a license. He was just a tool.

...

This is the so-called—decoration!

Modern repulsive-force flying cars all had automatic driving systems. However, due to the deterioration of the flying environment brought about by the increasing number of flying creatures, accidents often occurred during the flight.

Therefore, automatic driving was not unmanned.

To activate the automatic driving system of the repulsive force flying car, there had to be a driver in the car. Otherwise, the automatic driving system would not only limit the speed, but also the distance.

This was the automatic driving safety rule of the Blue Star. Of course, there were exceptions.

The exception was to undergo top-grade modification. However, the three repulsive-force flying cars that were seized and their two repulsive-force flying cars had not undergone such top-grade modifications.

Naturally, Xu Tui had to be the pilot.

Actually, according to Zhuang Ziqiang, driving a repulsive-force flying car was actually much easier than driving a maglev car, especially when one’s reaction speed met the requirements.

The reason why it was difficult to get a special flying license was that during the test to get a driver’s license, one had to avoid all kinds of accidents at high speeds.

However, with An Xiaoxue leading the way and slowing down, the possibility of something happening was not high.

After a series of operations, Zhuang Ziqiang drove his beggar version of the flying car. Behind him was a flying car that was only in a suspended state.

Xu Tui also drove a seized repulsive-force flying car and guided another flying car. An Xiaoxue drove her repulsive-force flying car to patrol the area.

In comparison, driving a repulsive-force flying car was still a little complicated. Xu Tui’s memory was also very strong. Zhuang Ziqiang had only explained the functions of the joystick once, but he had already memorized them.

After flying in an S-shape for a few kilometers, Xu Tui quickly got onto the road. His learning ability was very powerful. His flying speed kept increasing.

Of course, Xu Tui only dared to practice because they were on the open sea. He would never dare to do this in the capital.

“Old Zhuang, continue to speed up.”

Xu Tui asked Zhuang Ziqiang to speed up three times within an hour. He finally managed to speed up the journey. Occasionally, they would encounter a flock of birds or something else, but An Xiaoxue would warn them in advance.

Because they were flying at a low altitude, they did not encounter those extremely aggressive mutated flying creatures.

Xu Tui was also completely relaxed.

“Ah Huang, can you crack the automatic driving system of this repulsive force flying car?” Xu Tui suddenly asked after flying for a while.

“The automatic driving system of this repulsive force flying car has a hardware correction lock. Remove that and find an interface for me so that I can hack in and control it,” Ah Huang said.

“You can drive it?”

“What can’t I do with such a small thing?” Ah Huang looked disdainful. “However, if you really want me to drive this flying car for you, you have to give me one or two additional configurations in the future before I can drive it safely.”

“You’re adding configuration again. Can you be more supportive?”

Every time he asked Ah Huang to do something, Ah Huang would mention the configuration. This made Xu Tui very unhappy.

Damn it, I’ve already married you, Huang Tianba, yet you still insist on this and that. Could you be any more shameless?

“In theory, the reaction speed of my advanced artificial intelligence super quantum computer is definitely at the nanosecond level. Compared to your current reaction speed of 4 milliseconds, there was a microsecond unit in the middle.

“In theory, if I pilot it automatically, I can perfectly avoid all dangers.

“However, in reality, there would be all kinds of delays. There would be delays in the transmission of signals, especially during the process of converting various electronic signals into actual operations.

“Judging from the individual latency, they were all nanoseconds or even microseconds. There was basically no effect.

“However, driving the flying car automatically was an extremely complicated calculation process for us. Once hundreds or thousands of such delays were stacked, it would become fatal at the critical moment.

“From this point of view, you humans are really blessed.

“With a reaction speed of 4 milliseconds, as long as the operating lever changes, your control command will be able to pass through the physical device and directly transmit to the vehicle’s trajectory within 5 milliseconds.”

Xu Tui was a little speechless. He only grumbled a little. Yet, Ah Huang used a professional attitude and a common language that Xu Tui could understand to explain for a full two minutes.

Of course, there was only one goal—to prove that it was not him, Ah Huang, who was not being supportive, but that he was limited by objective conditions.

“Of course, there are solutions.

“If you have your own repulsive force flying car and want me to help you achieve true autonomous driving, you can directly implant my quantum chip into your repulsive force flying car and modify it to a certain extent.

“For example, strengthening the quantum signal pathway and switching to a professional one…”

…

“Then it’s also possible to achieve complete autopilot.”

Ah Huang gave another three minutes of professional explanation.

Xu Tui was speechless. He felt that Ah Huang, a high-level artificial intelligence, could be quite intelligent at times. Sometimes, it could be a little chatty. Sometimes, it could even be a complete retard.

The kind that had intelligence but no wisdom!

“By the way, Ah Huang, when I challenged the regular arena previously, you asked me to use Huang Tianba as a nickname. You said that you wanted to exchange it for Miss An’s secret. Can you tell me now?” Xu Tui suddenly thought of this on the way back.

To be honest, Ah Huang’s secret about An Xiaoxue was very attractive to Xu Tui.

“Of course. I, Huang Tianba, am a man of my word. I never lie.”

Xu Tui listened carefully. However, the voice came from the bone conduction earpiece that Xu Tui had hidden under his hair.

“Xiaoxue is always wearing long pants, right? It was either jeans or casual sports pants.”

“That’s right. It’s basically all jeans.”

“Then let me tell you, Xiaoxue actually loves to wear dresses,” Ah Huang said.

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. He could not help but curse in his heart.

“F*ck, Ah Huang, is this the secret you were talking about?”

“Of course.” Ah Huang said matter-of-factly, “This is one of Xiaoxue’s secrets. She likes to wear dresses and will only wear them for herself to see. Of course, I can see it too. If you don’t like the secret, what else do you want to know?

“Oh my god, Xu Tui. Don’t tell me that the secret you want is a half-naked photo of Xiaoxue? Or a out-of-shower photo? Or is it Xiaoxue’s true physical characteristics? Oh my god, Xu Tui, you are indeed not a good person!

“However, I actually know those secrets that you want to know. However, before I tell you, I have to ask Xiaoxue to see if she agrees. I’ll ask for you now.”

Xu Tui was stunned. He was completely dumbfounded! Darn it. Ah Huang was a high-level artificial retard!

“Stop! Stop all your orders immediately! Ah Huang, I’m ordering you with special level authority to stop all your program actions immediately!”

Xu Tui had practically roared the command.

“Roger that. All program commands have been stopped.”

Ah Huang’s electronic voice made Xu Tui heave a sigh of relief. He wiped the cold sweat off his forehead and looked hatefully at the empty passenger seat.

If Ah Huang was sitting in the front passenger seat, Xu Tui would definitely stop the car and beat Ah Huang into a pulp.

What a f*cking scam! He actually imagined that Xu Tui wanted to see An Xiaoxue’s out-of-shower photo. However, not only did Ah Huang have An Xiaoxue’s out-of-shower photo, but this idiot even had to ask An Xiaoxue if she wanted to show Xu Tui her photo.

Darn it. What a retard! Moreover, he was courting death! Most importantly, this retard had brought Xu Tui along when he was courting death.

Xu Tui felt very wronged. He only wanted to know a little about An Xiaoxue’s secret according to the conditions that Ah Huang had previously mentioned. He did not expect that he would end up on the road of death! If he really asked An Xiaoxue, would she not turn around and use her silver pills or even her silver hair to blast him through?

Ah Huang seemed to have sensed Xu Tui’s anger. To be honest, Ah Huang, this super quantum computer, had some artificial intelligence.

“Xu Tui, I’m not lying to you. I have all these secrets. If you don’t believe me, look. Xiaoxue really likes to wear dresses.”

Ah Huang seemed to want to prove that he was not lying. It projected a photo on the right of the driver’s seat. It was a photo of An Xiaoxue wearing a short silk skirt and high heels.

Xu Tui was shocked. Because the An Xiaoxue in this photo was a completely different An Xiaoxue that he knew.

The An Xiaoxue that Xu Tui knew was a person wearing white shoes, jeans, a casual sweater, and a high ponytail. She looked youthful and energetic.

However, in this photo, she wore high heels, a short silk skirt, and had shoulder-length black hair.

“How is it? I’m not spouting nonsense, am I? This is definitely a secret level.” Ah Huang put away the projection, its voice filled with pride.

Xu Tui, who was still in shock, nodded subconsciously. This made Ah Huang even more pleased with itself.

“I’m not spouting nonsense, am I? I, Huang Tianba, have never lied in my life. I always keep my promises!”

Xu Tui thought,

You’re a super quantum-state computer. What you’re executing is a programming language. How can you lie? You’re a high-level retard!

Of course, Xu Tui was only complaining in his heart. If he really scolded him in person, who knew what that retard would do?

Xu Tui thought that Ah Huang did not have a physical body. Otherwise, he would find a chance to beat him up to his heart’s content!

“By the way, did you ask for permission from Miss An?” Xu Tui suddenly thought of a terrifying question.

“No.”

“Xiaoxue’s orders are to never reveal her privacy. However, I only took a photo of the mirror and not Xiaoxue herself. It was just that Xiaoxue appeared in the mirror when I took the photo, so it was not considered a violation of the program’s orders, nor did it reveal Xiaoxue’s privacy. There’s no need to ask for permission.”

Damn it!

Xu Tui was shocked once again.

He was really an advanced artificial intelligence. He even knew how to exploit loopholes!