Chapter 218 - Success

Chapter 218: Success

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Splitting the spoils was actually a skill.

Even a father and son would have a knot in their relationship and a hidden danger if they didn’t split properly, let alone friends.

Look at Zhuang Ziqiang, this energetic young man. He was absolutely shrewd.

...

Among the three of them, Zhuang Ziqiang was clearly at a disadvantage. Hence, he took the initiative to reveal the distribution rights to Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui did not think too much about it. He briefly thought about it and said, “Miss An, you should be the one to distribute the loot. If it wasn’t for you, we wouldn’t have been able to wipe out the Black Sword Ant Pirates.”

Xu Tui’s words were half meant for An Xiaoxue and half for Zhuang Ziqiang.

It meant that An Xiaoxue would be the one to split the profits. No matter how An Xiaoxue split the profits, as long as it was not too ridiculous, Old Zhuang would not have any objections.

An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui and then at Zhuang Ziqiang.

As soon as they finished eating, An Xiaoxue put on the blue mask again.

“Little Zhuang, you should have done a clearing mission before, right?” An Xiaoxue asked first.

“Yes.” Zhuang Ziqiang nodded.

“In essence, this can be considered a clearing mission. We will settle the profits according to the rules of a team clearing mission,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui and Zhuang Ziqiang nodded vigorously.

“First of all, according to the rules of the team clearing missions, the logistics personnel will enjoy 10% of the profits. This time, the logistics personnel were handled by Little Zhuang. Therefore, Little Zhuang can take 10% first,” An Xiaoxue said.

“In addition, according to the rules of the team clearing missions, the intelligence team can enjoy 10% of the profits, and the combat planning team can enjoy 10% of the profits. In all the team clearing missions, we have to draw out 30% of the profits first and distribute them. The rest can only be distributed by the combat personnel.”

At this point, An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui. “Xu Tui was in charge of the intelligence team and the combat planning team for this mission. So, it shouldn’t be a problem for Xu Tui to take 20% of the profits, right?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“No problem. The intelligence and battle plans were all done by Brother Xu. This 20% should belong to Brother Xu,” Zhuang Ziqiang agreed without hesitation.

“As the main force of the combat personnel, I will take most of the remaining 70% of the profits. I will take 50% of it. Xu Tui had given the leader, Black Sword Ant, a fatal blow. He will receive 15% of the combat reward. The remaining 5% will be distributed to Little Zhuang.”

An Xiaoxue was extremely straightforward. After the distribution, she immediately projected the specific allocation of the three people.

An Xiaoxue, 5.6 million yuan in cash and 66 contribution points.

Xu Tui, 3.92 million yuan in cash and 47 contribution points.

Zhuang Ziqiang, 1.68 million yuan in cash and 20 contribution points.

“Take a look. If there are no problems, we’ll distribute them according to this. I’ll also report the distribution ratio to the Special Intelligence Division. The Special Intelligence Division will distribute the rewards through official channels according to the individual contribution,” An Xiaoxue said.

“I have no problem with that.” Xu Tui was the first to express his stance.

“I have no problem with that either,” Zhuang Ziqiang immediately agreed.

“Alright, if there are no problems, I’ll report it according to this!”

Just as An Xiaoxue finished speaking, she saw Zhuang Ziqiang carefully raise his hand. He looked like a student.

“Professor An, can I make a small request?”

“Shoot.”

“Professor An, my personal rights are a little low at the moment, so I want to get more contribution points and less cash. Is that okay?” Zhuang Ziqiang was a little nervous.

Individual contribution points were too difficult to earn. Even if he had a business in this area, he could not get it.

Individual contribution points could be exchanged for cash. However, no matter how much cash was exchanged, it could not be converted into individual contribution points. The only way to obtain contribution points was to do special and dangerous missions at a high price for others.

The price was huge.

“How much do you want?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“At least 90 contribution points. If I have 100 contribution points, I will be able to level up and obtain high-grade Level E rights. This is too convenient for people like us. Of course, if you’re willing, it’s best if you give me all your contribution points.” Zhuang Ziqiang looked expectant.

“I have no problem with that. You have to ask Xu Tui,” An Xiaoxue said as she glanced at Xu Tui.

“Brother Xu, help me!” Zhuang Ziqiang begged.

It could not be helped. Individual contribution points were very important to everyone.

“Sure.”

Xu Tui had more than 5,000 contribution points in his account, so it was not a big deal for him to give up these 47 points. Of course, even if these points have some use, Xu Tui had to help.

“Alright, the 133 contribution points will go to Little Zhuang. I’ll report it to the Special Intelligence Division. However, according to the principle of clearing missions, Little Zhuang’s cash income will be greatly reduced. Since Little Zhuang is Xu Tui’s friend, we would not follow the market rules. Little Zhuang will take 10% of the cash, we’ll use the 5% as an exchange,” An Xiaoxue said.

Zhuang Ziqiang was overjoyed.

“Thank you, Professor An! Thank you, Brother Xu! Thank you so much!”

Xu Tui was a little surprised to see Zhuang Ziqiang so happy.

5% of the cash was 560 thousand. Compared to 133 contribution points, the exchange rate was 4,000 to 1.

However, Zhuang Ziqiang was still very happy. He looked like he could not ask for more.

Xu Tui now had some understanding of this.

In clearing missions, the contribution points that could be freely distributed were precious items that could only be chanced upon by luck. The true exchange value could sometimes reach 10,000 to 1.

However, even if one could freely distribute their contribution points, there were still many restrictions.

For example, they had initially reported the names of the three of them for the bounty from the Special Intelligence Division.

The individual contribution points could only be transferred between the three of them.

It was precisely because of this that the individual contribution points that could be freely distributed were exceptionally valuable.

Since the distribution plan had been decided, the three of them began to split the loot.

The cash that was gotten after selling the devices are all after taxes. There are no taxes for the official reward. However, the 4.1 million yuan in the 11 anonymous trading cards could only be transferred into a personal account after paying taxes.

However, at this moment, the benefits of Zhuang Ziqiang as a support staff were revealed.

“Professor An, Brother Xu and I have already registered a company. Through the company’s funds, we only need to pay 5% tax to transfer the cash into our personal accounts. I’ll pay in advance. I’ll handle the taxes.”

At this point, Zhuang Ziqiang handed over a cash card. “Brother Xu, I’ve also helped you complete the tax procedure for your earnings from the Sea Paradise. The tax rate is still below 5%. You can also transfer it directly into your personal account.”

“You’ve worked hard,” Xu Tui said.

“I should. This is my job! If not for this job, how would I have earned so much money?” Zhuang Ziqiang laughed with a relaxed expression.

In the end, An Xiaoxue took 5.5 million yuan after tax, Zhuang Ziqiang took 110 thousand yuan, and the 560 thousand yuan that was supposed to be Zhuang Ziqiang was distributed to Xu Tui. So Xu Tui received 4.4 million yuan.

Xu Tui’s cash profit eventually reached 40%. He did not reject his teacher’s arrangement. Moreover, Zhuang Ziqiang was still an outsider in front of An Xiaoxue and Xu Tui. There was no point in rejecting her in front of outsiders.

On the other hand, the principal and income that was earned from Sea Paradise had to be taxed. There was a total of 5.64 million yuan. So the tax is 280 thousand yuan.

Zhuang Ziqiang’s 5% tax rate was much lower than the 20% tax rate.

Xu Tui’s personal funds had finally exceeded 10 million after he got the rewards from the research of the eighth reaction-type genetic base point.

He has a little more than 12.2 million yuan.

This number made Xu Tui feel especially proud. The feeling of being rich was different! He could finally treat Cheng Mo to a meal one day!

“For powerful genetic newcomers, the benefits of clearing missions are relatively high. Of course, the Black Sword Ant pirate team that we wiped out this time was considered one of the higher-level missions in terms of profit. Moreover, it took very little time. This was mainly because of reverse hunting.

“Ordinary clearing missions did not have such a high yield. It would take a lot of time. However, clearing missions are not only about earning money to cultivate. More importantly, you can use clearing missions to train yourself.”

On the way back, An Xiaoxue briefed Xu Tui.

“Your improvement in strength is much faster than ordinary students. Your gains this time should be enough for you to cultivate for a period of time. Take advantage of this period of time to purchase your basic equipment.

“Such as a special flying license, a repulsive force flying car and a repulsive force flying skateboard. Remember, you must buy a top-grade repulsive force flying skateboard.”

“I’ll remember that, Miss An.”

An Xiaoxue might have realized something after hearing the commotion when she picked Xu Tui up. So she did not send Xu Tui directly to the dormitory building. Instead, she drove the flying car to the parking lot of the Genetic Research Institute and asked Xu Tui to go back by himself.

It wasn’t far anyway.

Xu Tui jogged all the way back to the dormitory. Although it was still early and it was just 8:30 p.m., he still washed up as quickly as he could. He went to bed, entered a meditative state, and slept.

He had to recover his mind power. He wanted to continue attacking the genetic base point that was related to mental perception. He wanted to see how many resources and time he had to spend to complete the strengthening of the activated genetic base points.

Ah Huang was Xu Tui’s smart alarm clock.

Six hours after it determined that Xu Tui had entered a deep sleep, Ah Huang immediately woke Xu Tui up.

He drank a cup of hot water and a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. He sat cross-legged and breathed out. He entered meditation and instantly switched to the illusory introspective state.

He continued to strengthen the activated genetic base point related to mental perception.

The seven bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir had been completely consumed. Xu Tui’s mind power was once again depleted. However, he still did not manage to strengthen the genetic base point.

However, Xu Tui had an excited expression.

It was almost time! He felt that it was about time.

Xu Tui had used 28 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs to forcefully break through the limit of his genetic base point related to the mental perception.

The white genetic base point began to swell and pulsate. It felt similar to when many genetic base points were about to be activated.

It was five o’clock in the morning.

Xu Tui decisively entered a meditative state and fell asleep again. He did not have to attend the mind power training class on Monday.

At eight o’clock, Xu Tui, who had slept for three hours, woke up. He felt that his mind power had recovered to nearly 60%. He did not go to eat. Instead, he started to consume the Level E Energy Restoration Elixir again and started to fight against the genetic base point.

Twenty-ninth bottle.

The thirtieth bottle.

Not long after he swallowed the 31st bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir, the genetic base point began to expand rhythmically in his illusory introspection.

At this moment, Xu Tui understood that he could not stop gathering energy.

Three minutes later, his head suddenly throbbed with pain as if he had a migraine.

It directly made him exit the illusory introspective state.

The pain came and went quickly.

Xu Tui was stunned. He suddenly activated his mental perception and instantly broke through the range of 7.5 meters. He quickly extended his senses outwards.