Chapter 211 - A Tenfold Gap

Chapter 211: A Tenfold Gap

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The arrival of financial inspector Li Yuenan had no effect on the operations of the Research Institute Number 14.

According to An Xiaoxue, the finances of the Research Institute Number 14 had always been normal. In any case, she was the only one who was in charge of the affairs of the Research Institute Number 14. There were not as many lousy matters as the other research institutes.

Their finances could not be any more normal.

...

The only problem was that in the past, Ah Huang would be able to collect whatever he needed, purchase materials, or allocate funds. An Xiaoxue just had to shout casually and Ah Huang would be able to complete the task.

Now, all the funds had to be signed by An Xiaoxue, then passed to Li Yuenan before they could complete the transaction.

The efficiency was slightly slower than before, but it did not affect them much.

Li Yuenan’s arrival had actually affected Xu Tui.

Before this, Xu Tui had been very comfortable in Research Institute No. 14.

He would do a small research, make a fruit salad for An Xiaoxue, and study the advanced information recorded in the Research Institute Number 14 that he could understand. He would occasionally interact with Ah Huang and take care of the chores in the Research Institute Number 14.

Xu Tui felt very comfortable staying there. It felt like he was in his own home. He could say and do whatever he wanted.

However, ever since Li Yuenan had arrived, Xu Tui had felt a sense of awkwardness. It felt as if an unfamiliar guest had suddenly come to their house and he suddenly felt uncomfortable. The uncomfortable feeling was like having a piece of meat stuck between his teeth. He wanted to get it out of his mouth!

More importantly, as long as Xu Tui went to the Research Institute Number 14, Li Yuenan would have all sorts of opportunities to approach Xu Tui and talk to him. Especially the way she dressed. She looked different every day.

But one thing was always repeated—sexy!

She was dressed in a sexy outfit every day. She would approach Xu Tui whenever she had nothing to do.

Xu Tui could not accept this. He had never been in a relationship before. He had never even held a girl’s hand before. However, Li Yuenan always made him feel a little awkward.

It made Xu Tui want to learn Buddhism. It was said that learning Buddhism could calm one’s mind.

Under normal circumstances, having a voluptuous beauty by his side was actually a benefit. It was quite pleasing to the eye. However, the crux of the matter was that they were almost natural opponents.

Xu Tui was aware of Li Yuenan’s background, but he did not know the motive of the Vice-Chairman Lu Guanqing for sending Li Yuenan in.

However, judging from her behavior over the past few days, she definitely did not have good intentions.

That was because Xu Tui could already sense that she was trying to seduce him.

There were only two people in the entire Research Institute No. 14, and Xu Tui was the only male creature. In a research institute where most people wore white coats, why was Li Yuenan dressed gorgeously every day and had a voluptuous figure?

It was impossible for her not to have an additional motive.

If it were anyone else, An Xiaoxue would have flown into a rage even without Xu Tui getting angry. However, Li Yuenan had a natural protective identity, and no one could touch her for the time being.

That was why Xu Tui felt very uncomfortable.

To Xu Tui, choosing a side had never been a choice. It was naturally chosen. He would definitely support An Xiaoxue! Otherwise, there must be something wrong with his brain.

At four o’clock on Saturday afternoon, Xu Tui received a message from Li Yuenan just as he was about to rush to the Neurology Research Center.

“Xu Tui, I have to move into the dormitory after work this afternoon. A few pieces of luggage are quite heavy. Can you come over and help me for a while? I’ll personally make you some milk tea after you’re done.”

“I’m sorry, I don’t have time.”

Xu Tui rejected her without hesitation. Under normal circumstances, it would be fine if he rejected her. However, Li Yuenan had no intention of giving up.

“Xu Tui, please help me. I’ve packed my luggage from my old dormitory. If I don’t do well tonight, I’ll have to sleep on the streets. Please.” Li Yuenan sent a message.

Xu Tui was a little annoyed. This woman was troublesome. She kept delaying his cultivation. He thought about it and sent a message to Li Yuenan.

“Okay. The time and place. Send me the specific house number. I’ll be there on time.”

Li Yuenan, who was in the newly organized finance office of the Research Institute Number 14, suddenly sat up straight when she received Xu Tui’s reply. Glancing at the busy figure of An Xiaoxue from the research center diagonally across the passageway, Li Yuenan suddenly smiled.

“Did he finally take the bait? I knew it. He’s not even 19 years old. He’s hot-blooded. Where did he get his composure from? In that case, I might be able to complete the Vice-chairman’s mission earlier.”

Li Yuenan immediately sent the time and details over. After sending it over, she began to carefully calculate the details. She had to have special perfume. She had to be quiet. And…

After carefully recalling the details, Li Yuenan fell into a daze.

Although Vice-chairman Lu had only told her the specific purpose, he did not explicitly tell her to do so. However, Vice-chairman Lu had said something that Li Yuenan remembered very clearly. “Young people nowadays change their boyfriends and girlfriends faster than they change their sheets. Anyway, they’re all young people. It’s normal for them to break up.”

“Just treat it as changing boyfriends. None of the previous boyfriends could help me at work. Taking down Xu Tui would at least allow me to get a quick promotion and a raise. Moreover, Xu Tui is only 19 years old. He’s 1.8 meters tall and looks very handsome…”

…

Xu Tui smiled when he saw the message Li Yuenan sent him. Then, he turned on the personal communication device and opened another built-in app. He then started operating the app as fiercely as a tiger.

It was done!

On Saturday, there were still a lot of students coming and going from the neural reaction speed training building. Most of them had made appointments to undergo neural reaction speed training.

There was already a long queue at the entrance of the reservation area. They had booked their training time a day in advance and were now queuing to enter.

As for Xu Tui, he walked straight into another research center and swiped his card to enter.

Many students were extremely surprised. It was not unusual for students in school uniforms to enter the research center.

Teachers at the Neurology Research Center often looked for volunteers for various experiments and training. However, students who could directly swipe their cards and enter were very rare. No matter which department’s research center it was, personal identity cards could not be lent out.

Identification cards and biometric identification were a complete set of security barriers. It was also the first barrier to the safety of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Of course, no one delved into this matter. It only caused the students lining up to be surprised.

“Che Zhan, the… the person who swiped his card to enter the research center just now, was he Flying Sword Warrior from your Mystery Branch?”

Xu Tui could be considered a small celebrity in the school. Especially in the freshman year.

Although he was wearing a school uniform that confused the students’ judgment, some students who had developed their vision recognized him.

Che Zhan, who was queueing, shook his head blankly. “I didn’t pay attention. It might be.” However, there was an inexplicable bitterness at the corner of his mouth.

Was the gap already so big? Previously, it was in terms of cultivation progress. Now, it was in all aspects?

They made an appointment to queue here. However, Xu Tui could directly swipe his card and enter a more advanced research center.

This difference…

In the Neurology Research Center, because it was Saturday, the teachers were resting normally. There was basically no one in the research center.

To be precise, there was only one person—Luo Shifeng.

Xu Tui had called in advance. He had something to discuss with Luo Shifeng today.

“You’re here. Why are you still being mysterious? Why did you have to ask me over on the weekend?” Luo Shifeng was as casual as ever.

“Mr. Luo, I just activated the eighth reaction-type genetic base point yesterday. I’ll train and test it first,” Xu Tui said.

“You’ve also activated the eighth one? So fast?” Luo Shifeng was dazed for a moment. “Then your reaction-type genetic base points are already full. Your level is about the same as mine.

Then test it and see how much weaker it is compared to me.” Luo Shifeng smiled.

“Mr. Luo, I have the same thought.”

Xu Tui smiled and started training with the 24 mixed laser array launchers in Luo Shifeng’s office.

Xu Tui only found out recently. The high-frequency laser matrix transmitter that was provided to the students for free tested the accuracy of the neural reaction speed. The maximum limit was 1 millisecond. One millisecond was the maximum value that the device could test and train.

However, the numerical limit of Luo Shifeng’s 24-headed mixed laser array launcher was 0.001 milliseconds.

That was 1 microsecond. The maximum limit was 1,000 times that of an ordinary training device.

It was a genuine scientific research equipment. Xu Tui was using it for his daily training.

About half an hour later, Xu Tui pulled out a report card after completing ten rounds of training. He was overjoyed when he saw it.

The average reaction speed was 0.8 milliseconds.

The fastest reaction speed was 0.4 milliseconds.

The slowest reaction speed was 1.3 milliseconds.

The increase was mainly the increase after activating the eighth genetic base point.

However, Xu Tui was happy because the slowest reaction speed had increased from 2.1 milliseconds to 1.3 milliseconds. This meant that the muscle reaction speed training he had been doing for the past week was very effective.

“Not bad. You’ve made good progress.” Luo Shifeng smiled.

“By the way, Mr. Luo, how far is your reaction speed compared to yours?”

“Compared to me?” Luo Shifeng suddenly smiled. “I won’t discourage you.”

“I’m not afraid of a blow.”

Xu Tui looked like he would not give up.

“Alright, I’ll satisfy you. In terms of numbers, my average reaction speed, my fastest reaction speed, and my slowest reaction speed are ten times or more than yours,” Luo Shifeng said.

“Ten times or more?”

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. He was stunned.

This gap was too big!

It seemed like a blow.

The two of them had activated the same number of reaction-type genetic base points. Why was the difference in their reaction speed so huge?

While Xu Tui was still in shock, Li Yuenan found An Xiaoxue in Research Institute No. 14 of the Genetic Research Institute. She used the excuse of moving her dormitory to apply for leave in advance.

Xu Tui was going to help her move into the dormitory tonight. She had to make proper preparations.