Chapter 217 - A Shocking Sum

Chapter 217: A Shocking Sum

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

It was 6:30 p.m. on Sunday. It happened to be meal time. The various dormitory areas were bustling with people. There were also people coming and going in front of Building 3 of Block C in the dormitory area.

As there were many people, Xu Tui went downstairs five minutes earlier to wait.

Just as the time jumped to 6:29, the roar of a repulsive force flying car could be heard in the distance. It instantly attracted the attention of many students.

...

However, in a place like the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the repulsive force flying cars was not rare. They only raised their heads to take a look. Almost all of the seniors had a luxurious repulsive flying car that could be said to be a divine tool.

The first-year students firmly believed that they would be able to own a flying car in the next one to two years.

After all, this was the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College!

The light blue luxury repulsive-force flying car swooped down in a beautiful streamlined motion at an altitude of 100 meters. In an instant, it stopped at the parking area of Building 3 of Block C.

The moment Xu Tui looked over, he suddenly saw another black dot about to collide with An Xiaoxue’s repulsive force flying car.

He instantly became nervous.

He started cursing.

That black dot was actually a person!

It was a second-year student who had jumped down from the window of the eighth floor. He must have felt that it was too troublesome to wait for the elevator during dinner and jumped off the building in a hurry.

The fact that he dared to jump from the eighth floor meant that he had no problem with his strength.

However, at this moment, An Xiaoxue’s repulsive flying car flew over.

Although the speed in the school was not high, it was not slow either. If they collided, he would be severely injured even if he did not die.

Just as Xu Tui was feeling nervous, An Xiaoxue’s light blue flying car suddenly fell three meters as if it was weightless. She cleverly avoided the second-year student who had jumped off the building in a hurry. Then, with a beautiful flick of her tail, she stopped in front of Xu Tui.

The second-year student who had just jumped off the building looked back at the light blue flying car. He had a lingering fear and wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. He did not expect such a coincidence.

Fortunately, the driver of the repulsive force flying car reacted quickly enough. Otherwise, he would have suffered today.

This scene attracted the attention of many students. They also noticed the light blue flying car.

“Get in.”

The window of the passenger seat lowered slightly. An Xiaoxue’s voice could be heard. Xu Tui opened the door and got into the car.

At this moment, the students who were walking around suddenly noticed something strange. Usually, it would be the male students who would drive the luxurious repulsive force flying car to the female dormitory to pick someone up.

But now, a luxury repulsive-force flying car had come to the boys’ dormitory to pick them up.

That was fine. However, many people vaguely saw—a female driver!

A beautiful driver! A beautiful driver drove a luxury repulsive-force flying car to the male dormitory to pick up a man.

This was f*cking over.

Xu Tui had just jumped into the car and had not even closed the windows when he heard a few whistles coming from the entrance of the dormitory building.

“Wow, brother, you’re amazing!”

“Brother, you’re simply a role model!”

“All the best, get her tonight!”

…

The window rolled up to block out most of the jeering, but he still heard it. This made Xu Tui feel a little awkward. Especially that fellow who was shouting to get her down tonight. He was simply…

If he could get out of the car, Xu Tui would definitely grab him by the collar and drag him over. He would let him say it again in front of An Xiaoxue. If he was not not beaten to a pulp, Xu Tui would change his name!

No expression could be seen from An Xiaoxue who was wearing a mask. However, the atmosphere in the car was clearly a little awkward.

However, the moment the repulsive force flying car started flying, An Xiaoxue suddenly turned to look at Xu Tui. She frowned.

“What did you do? Your mental state is so poor. Is your mind power about to run out?” An Xiaoxue asked with a frown.

Xu Tui smiled bitterly.

“Miss An, I was a little anxious when I was cultivating today. I only realized that I had overexerted my mind power before I left,” Xu Tui explained.

An Xiaoxue glanced at Xu Tui again. “You are not allowed to do something like this in the future. You have to set a mind power safety threshold before you can go out.

“For example, if your mind power is less than 30%, you would definitely not go out. If your mind power is lower than 50%, you would definitely not leave the Capital unless there was an extremely urgent situation.

“Your current mind power is less than 10%, right? If you encounter your enemy in your current state, it’s no different from sending yourself to your death!”

An Xiaoxue’s tone became more and more stern as she spoke. Xu Tui could not help but sit up straight to receive her scolding.

“Miss An, I’ll remember that. I was indeed a little too eager to cultivate today. I’ll definitely pay attention in the future.”

Xu Tui had thought about the mind power safety threshold that An Xiaoxue mentioned before. However, he had neglected that because he wanted to increase the genetic base point related to mental perception to Level 2.

Xu Tui felt that he was within the Capital after all, so there should be no problems.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui had consumed another seven bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir when he returned from the Research Institute Number 14 this afternoon. The genetic base point that was related to mental perception had not changed.

The increment of range of his mental perception was also very small. There were no signs of it being successfully strengthened.

He had already consumed 21 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. It was equivalent to three days of cultivation under normal circumstances. But it still did not succeed.

Xu Tui was a little disappointed. More than that, he was shocked. It was too difficult to strengthen the activated genetic base points. Not only did he have the help of introspection, but he also had the precise enhancement of the illusory introspection.

How difficult would it be for an ordinary cultivator?

“It’s good that you remember. I’ll send you back after dinner tonight. Remember, no matter when or where, you must not be careless when it comes to safety issues.” An Xiaoxue did not seize Xu Tui’s mistake and criticize him. She only emphasized the issue of safety.

“Miss An, it should be very safe in the capital, right?” Xu Tui was a little puzzled.

“There is no absolute safety. The security in the capital was indeed very good, but even ordinary people could encounter all kinds of accidents, let alone genetic newcomers like us. Don’t pin your safety on others. You have to keep your safety in your hands. Do you understand?” An Xiaoxue said.

“I’ll remember that, Miss An.” Xu Tui said those words honestly. He was speaking from the bottom of his heart.

Perhaps it was because he had invited An Xiaoxue, and because Zhuang Ziqiang had learned about An Xiaoxue’s eating habits, the place where he treated them to a meal was a very elegant and quiet tea restaurant.

Zhuang Ziqiang was already waiting outside the restaurant. However, when he saw Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue coming down together, he was slightly stunned. However, it disappeared in the blink of an eye.

With Zhuang Ziqiang around, the atmosphere during the meal was naturally very good.

“Professor An, do you want to open a bottle of red wine?” Zhuang Ziqiang took the initiative to ask during the meal.

“I don’t drink. And neither can he.”

An Xiaoxue made the decision for Xu Tui.

“Let’s get down to business.” An Xiaoxue’s style of doing things had always been concise.

“Professor An, Brother Xu, it’s like this. I’ve completed the procedures for the Special Intelligence Division in the past few days. I’ve also dealt with the three repulsive-force flying cars in the second-hand market.

“Today’s meal is firstly, to give you the money. Secondly, I wanted to thank Professor An for saving me that day.

“Thirdly, I want to thank Brother Xu for making me rich.

“It’s true. I’ve really earned a sum of money this time. The pressure on the mortgage and car loans has been greatly reduced!” Zhuang Ziqiang said sincerely.

As he spoke, he took out a cash card and pushed it in front of Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

“The three repulsive-force flying cars have different configurations. The best and most expensive one was sold for 1.77 million in the second-hand market. The cheapest one was sold for 940 thousand. The other one was sold for 1.39 million.

“There were also some other communication devices, including the compensation for the weapons that the Special Intelligence Division had confiscated. It was a little over 460,000 yuan.

“It’s all after tax. The total is 4.56 million.” Zhuang Ziqiang said.

An Xiaoxue took a look and projected a few messages.

“The Special Intelligence Division has also issued the rewards. The leader of the Black Sword Ant pirate team has also been killed by us.

“According to the Special Intelligence Division’s bounty, Black Sword Ant had the highest bounty. Because he had a few murders on him, the bounty was as high as a million dollars. As he was a Level C genetic mutant, he also had an additional 40 contribution points.

“Other than the leader of the Black Sword Ants, the eight other members of the Black Sword Ants Pirates that we had killed were also on the wanted list.

“There were five genetic liberators and three genetic mutants. The total reward for these people was 1.54 million, and an additional 93 contribution points.

“There’s a total of 2.54 million reward and 133 contribution points.” An Xiaoxue gave a concise report.

Xu Tui understood that they wanted to split the loot. No, they should be splitting the reward.

The moment An Xiaoxue looked over, Xu Tui quickly took out a small bag. There were eleven anonymous trading cards in the bag.

“Let’s take a look together. I have not touched these anonymous trading cards since they were sealed,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright.”

Xu Tui personally checked the balance of these anonymous trading cards. After checking, he was a little disappointed.

The pirates did not seem to have much money.

Among the 11 anonymous trading cards, the one with the lowest value was only 30 thousand yuan, and the one with the highest value was 2.36 million yuan. It should be held by the pirate leader, Black Sword Ant.

Other than the two trading cards with an amount of 200 thousand yuan, most of the other pirate members had a balance of 100 thousand to 500 thousand yuan.

Most of them did not have a lot of money. However, the total amount of 11 cards was quite a lot.

It had a total of 4.1 million yuan in 11 anonymous trading cards.

Although the amount might not be a lot in the hands of those pirates, it was still a large amount in the hands of Xu Tui and the rest.

Xu Tui was also extremely shocked. He didn’t know until he calculated it.

After killing a group of pirates, selling off the repulsive-force flying cars and the devices, obtaining the rewards from the bounty, they had obtained 11.2 million yuan and 133 contribution points.

That was where the problem was. How should they split the profits?

In this life, uneven distribution of loot could lead to big trouble.