Chapter 214 - Six Strong Men (2)

Chapter 214: Six Strong Men (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“You can’t make us come here for nothing, right? Even if you don’t let us move, you have to pay us for our work!” The leader said.

“You didn’t do any work and still want to get paid for your work. Hurry up and leave. If you don’t, I’ll call security!”

“Madam Li, it’s useless even if you call the police! We’ve already checked just now. Your identity, information, and contact information are all correct. Your workplace is the Research Institute Number 14 of the Genetic Research Institute? If you don’t pay us, we’ll look for your superintendent. You’re a big shot. You can’t tease us like this!

...

“Do you know that it took us two hours to get here from the suburbs? If we didn’t come here, we could have done some manual labor and earned 700 to 800 yuan. Nowadays, people who do manual labor are very rare,” said the burly man.

“You guys…”

“If you don’t give it to us, we’ll keep knocking on the door. If the police come, we’ll say the same thing. If it doesn’t work out, we’ll look for your superintendent tomorrow!”

Li Yuenan was so angry that she was trembling. However, she remembered that there were other residents in the apartment building, so she said helplessly, “How much is the pay?”

“It’s not much. 500 yuan per person for work and 100 yuan for transportation.”

“That’s a lot. Are you blackmailing me?”

“Madam Li, our prices are shown on the company website.”

She glanced at the six burly men standing neatly at the door and felt depressed. There was no need to argue. Just these six burly men standing at her door for half an hour was enough to make her suffer.

“Here, three thousand dollars…”

“Madam Li, it’s a total of 3,600 dollars!”

Li Yuenan was speechless.

…

In Research Institute No. 14, An Xiaoxue, who was watching this scene, suddenly laughed.

“Xu Tui, I couldn’t tell that you were so mischievous. You can’t be like this in the future. Although Li Yuenan was arranged by Vice-Chairman Lu, it should not be easy for her. It’s all for work and life.” An Xiaoxue smiled.

“Miss An, I didn’t harm her. Didn’t she send me a message saying that she had a lot of things to move? I called a moving company for her. Who knew that she wouldn’t move?” Xu Tui argued.

“You!”

An Xiaoxue pointed at Xu Tui with her chopsticks. She smiled and lowered her head to deal with the food in front of her. The scallop meat today seemed to be exceptionally delicious, and the vegetables were also exceptionally sweet.

“Miss An, do you know about the Genetic Base Points Development Level?” Xu Tui made a large bowl of fruit salad and took out two forks for himself. He handed one to An Xiaoxue. Xu Tui took a bite.

What did he mean by no cutlery? He was completely dissing Li Yuenan.

“The degree of development of genetic base points, right?”

“Yes.”

“This is considered a relatively cutting-edge theory. Many of our students in the School of Enlightened Mind are experimenting with tracking and observing images. However, there was no one who could persevere and produce results. There was no complete set of theoretical and experimental technical support.

“However, our Genetic Miracles have done research in this area, including me. However, it’s very difficult.

“The current conclusion was that using the Mind Concentration Technique to continuously develop and strengthen the unlocked genetic chain could strengthen one’s mind power to a certain extent. It could even increase the power of related abilities. Yet, the progress of the research was still extremely limited. We didn’t find a signature ascension node.”

At this point, An Xiaoxue paused and said, “Why are you suddenly asking about this?

“As for the extent of the development of genetic base points, it is currently clear that the subsequent development and strengthening of the ability to increase the level of the genetic base points is far lower than the yield of activating new genetic base points.”

“This was mentioned when I was chatting with Professor Luo today. By the way, Miss An, why did you say that it’s very difficult to do research in this area? Is there any danger or other reason?” Xu Tui asked.

“There’s no danger. There’s only one problem. After a genetic ability chain is activated, it will form an entire genetic chain. If one wanted to strengthen and develop it again, he would have to strengthen all the genetic base points on the genetic ability chain at the same time.

“This was one of the fundamental reasons why it took a lot of time to develop genetic base points. This was something that we couldn’t avoid even if we had the method of introspection.

When you activate your senses again, you will sense the entire genetic ability chain. Once you focus and strengthen it, you will strengthen the entire chain!” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, are you saying that after we activate the Genetic Ability Chain, we can only sense the corresponding Genetic Ability Chain with our introspection. We can’t specifically search for individual Genetic Base Points?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Of course. Haven’t you tried it before? Once you activate it, the genetic chain will form a whole. The various positioning methods won’t work anymore,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, I have another question. Why didn’t we strengthen and increase the development of a single genetic base point after we activated it? What if we develop it to an iconic critical point and activate the next genetic base point?” Xu Tui asked.

“First of all, time consumption and investment are too disproportionate to the gains. Secondly, there’s an ancient anime character called Popeye. He’s an anime character with especially thick arms. Have you watched this before?” An Xiaoxue suddenly asked.

An Xiaoxue did not wait for Xu Tui to think. She immediately asked Ah Huang to show Xu Tui a projection of Popeye.

“What was it like?”

“The arm is too thick compared to the other parts. It’s out of proportion.”

“That’s right. This is out of proportion and can become deformed! The development of deformities is often the most prone to problems. The method you mentioned just now was actually similar to this.

“Such a deformed way of development was not desirable. This was especially so when it concerned the cultivation of mind power. It was too easy for problems to arise.

“In the process of cultivating mind power, if something goes wrong, it might involve a matter of life and death.”

At this point, An Xiaoxue noticed that Xu Tui’s expression had changed drastically. She suddenly paused and asked, “Oh, that’s right. Which level have you reached for the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, version 4.9?”

“Eleventh? So fast?” An Xiaoxue was a little surprised.

Xu Tui scratched his head and smiled. “Miss An, I’ve been working very hard.”

“It’s the eleventh. Including the 36 on the first level, You’ve activated a total of 47 relevant genetic base points. You have a certain foundation now. If you’re really interested, you can give it a try.

“One of the most commonly used methods for Genetic Miracles was self-experience. There were some things that one would only come to the most convincing conclusion after experiencing them personally. Of course, stop after trying it out. Don’t let it affect your cultivation progress,” An Xiaoxue said.

“I understand.”

Half an hour later, Xu Tui left the Research Institute Number 14 and returned to his dormitory.

After consulting An Xiaoxue and Luo Shifeng, Xu Tui had a certain level of understanding of the development of genetic base points.

Xu Tui felt that he could try out his idea without worry. At least he had confirmed with An Xiaoxue that there was no danger.