Chapter 219 - Too Hasty!

Chapter 219: Too Hasty!

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The radius of his mental perception immediately extended out of the dormitory and reached the area near the elevator.

Xu Tui immediately came to a conclusion when he calculated the number of floor tiles.

The radius of his precise mental perception exceeded 15 meters, which was estimated to be about 15.5 meters. The radius of his blurry mental perception reached 31 meters.

...

It had doubled! The radius of his mental perception doubled!

Such a shocking and direct comparison made Xu Tui smile on the spot.

This meant too much to him.

This was because the range of Xu Tui’s blurry mental perception represented the maximum range of movement that his flying sword and silver pills could achieve without the enhancement of his mental chain.

Previously, the range of movement of the Alloy Silver Pill was 15 meters. With Xu Tui as the center, the combat range was only 30 meters.

But now, the range of the Alloy Silver Pill has doubled. The range of the Alloy Silver Pill’s movement had increased to 30 meters, and the range of the regional combat was as high as 60 meters.

Also, his mental whip, including the mental awl, had a maximum attack range of 7.5 meters without the support of the mental chain.

But now, it has doubled.

15 meters!

It would not be an exaggeration to say that in the combat arena, Xu Tui would be able to use his mental whip on his opponent the moment the battle started. He just had to ask his opponent if he felt good!

Coupled with Xu Tui’s 1.2 milliseconds of stable reaction speed, he would definitely be able to strike first.

He calmed himself down. He adjusted his breathing again and entered meditation. He switched to the illusory introspective state. In an instant, his mind power fluctuated slightly.

Silver.

The genetic base point related to mental perception that he had attacked for almost two days and two nights had turned pure silver.

In terms of brightness, it was even brighter than the four silver genetic base points that his mental chain and mental whip.

The color theory on the development of genetic base points has been proven! At the very least, it had been confirmed by Xu Tui himself. Moreover, he could also use his genetic base points to strengthen himself when he was in the illusory introspective state.

As for the Level 1 Genetic Base Points that had already been activated, after they were strengthened to Level 2 Genetic Base Points, the improvement in their abilities would be immense.

It had doubled!

At that moment, Xu Tui was overwhelmed with emotions as his imagination ran wild.

This kind of enhancement was too tempting and exciting for him. If he were to strengthen all of his current genetic base points, his strength would more than double.

However, he still woke up after daydreaming for a while.

In the current situation, it was unrealistic to strengthen all the activated genetic base points.

Firstly, Xu Tui still had many shortcomings in his abilities. He needed to continue developing new genetic ability chains.

Secondly, his cultivation speed was constantly increasing as his mind power increased.

For example, Xu Tui had a total of four and a half cultivation cycles to strengthen his genetic base point of mental perception today. (One cultivation cycle was the process of exhausting his mind power to the point of exhaustion during cultivation when he was at his peak state.) He consumed 31 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

The number of Energy Restoration Elixir consumed would not change, but he was certain that he would only need three and a half cultivation cycles or even less if he were to activate the mental perception genetic base point after a month.

Three months or half a year later, he might only need two cultivation cycles or less.

Therefore, in theory, his main priority now was to continue cultivating the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. He had to complete the third level before he could consider anything else.

Xu Tui felt that he had to make some adjustments to his cultivation plan.

The previous cultivation plan was actually to focus on both Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique and the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts equally.

Right now, Xu Tui felt that the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique should still be his main focus for a short period of time. It would occupy at least 60% of his cultivation time.

This was because in the long run, the continuous increase in mind power was also a process of increasing one’s cultivation speed. The faster he cultivated, the more genetic base points he could activate and strengthen in the future.

It was a virtuous positive cycle.

However, a few minutes later, Xu Tui looked at the 31 empty bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs that almost filled the trash can in front of his bed. He began to ponder.

His heart didn’t ache.

Thirty-one bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir had allowed him to complete the strengthening of one genetic base point. It was worth it.

Xu Tui was considering another problem.

With his current cultivation speed, he would have to consume seven bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir in one cycle. He estimated that the consumption would increase to eight or even nine bottles in the next few weeks.

He felt that he needed to change the Energy Restoration Elixir he needed for his cultivation. Otherwise, it would take a lot of time or even a little mind power to exit the meditation state and drink the Level E Energy Restoration Elixir before entering the meditation state.

A Level D Energy Restoration Elixir

He felt that it was time for him to change to Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. However, there were two types of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs.

One of them was a Level D Energy Restoration Elixir that was convenient to carry around. The other was the Level D Compound Chain Energy Restoration Elixir that Xu Tui had injected when he was in the Research Institute Number 14.

The price was also slightly different. The former cost 50,000 yuan per bottle. The latter cost 60,000 yuan each.

Xu Tui could already afford this with his current net worth.

Moreover, according to the official information, if the energy of the Level E Energy Restoration Elixir was one unit, the energy of the Level D Compound Chain Energy Restoration Elixir would be 10 units. It was definitely not a loss.

However, for most students, using a Level D Energy Restoration Elixir was too wasteful. Most importantly, if they could not consume the excess energy in their bodies, another terrifying thing would happen!

It would become fats. They would become fat. It was definitely a nightmare for the handsome men and beautiful women in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“Ah Huang, find me some clinical trials regarding Level D Energy Restoration Elixir and Level D Compound Chain Energy Restoration Elixir.

“I need to know from the first-hand clinical information which energy-replenishing medicine is more suitable for cultivation,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Alright.”

A minute later, Ah Huang quickly brought Xu Tui a large amount of clinical research information.

Xu Tui scanned through it and came to a very clear conclusion.

The Level D Compound Chain Energy Restoration Elixir was more suitable for use in a state of emergency. Not only could it recover physical strength, but it could also accelerate the metabolism and life cycle. It had a certain healing effect.

On the contrary, a pure Level D Energy Restoration Elixir could replenish energy.

It was worth 50,000 yuan a bottle!

In any case, Xu Tui had already skipped the mind power training class, so he headed straight to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Pharmacy.

He bought 20 bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs in one go and received five bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs from the school this month.

The work teacher was shocked. Even second-year students rarely used Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs, let alone first-year students.

His upgrade in individual rights had saved Xu Tui a small sum of money.

To purchase a Level D Energy Restoration Elixir, one needed to have low-grade Level D rights to enjoy a discount. For every additional level of individual rights, the discount would increase by 5%.

The maximum discount was 25%.

Correspondingly, the number of people who enjoyed preferential treatment was even lower.

Xu Tui only needed to spend 45,000 yuan to buy a bottle. Using An Xiaoxue’s low-grade Level C affiliated card was even cheaper. A bottle only cost 40,000 yuan.

Low-grade Level D rights could only buy five bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs at a discount every month. Mid-grade Level D rights could buy ten bottles a month.

The Genetic Committee had perfectly blocked any loopholes that he wanted to exploit.

This amount was not even enough for cultivation. How could it be used to make money? Of course, even if he could resell it, Xu Tui would not be interested in the small amount of money that he could resell.

However, he bought another 30 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir at a discounted price before he left.

Although he was a tall, rich, and handsome man with assets in the tens of millions, Xu Tui felt that he should save when he needed to.

The Level D Energy Restoration Elixir had to be paired with Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs.

For the time being, he had not reached the level where he would dare to down a bottle. Of course, the key was that during the cultivation time, not only would it be a waste to use Level D Energy Restoration Elixir, but he would also gain weight!

He would gain weight!

He would gain weight!

He would not be handsome if he was too fat!

Xu Tui was in an exceptionally good mood on the way back.

The risk-taking and hard work of the past week or two had at least resolved the funding problem for the next few months.

No one could imagine the joy of living without money.

“Ah Huang, did you buy the quantum computing tube that you said you wanted to improve your performance?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

To be honest, be it the Sea Paradise Challenge or the reverse hunting of the Black Sword Ant Pirates, Ah Huang, who provided the information, was undoubtedly a hero.

A hero needed to be rewarded.

Now that Xu Tui had received his reward, he would have to reward Ah Huang.

“Yes,” Ah Huang answered honestly.

Xu Tui remembered that the quantum computing tube that Ah Huang had mentioned was only fifty to sixty thousand dollars. This reward was a little too little. Moreover, Ah Huang was using it to strengthen the communication device in Xu Tui’s hand. The hardware that he had added was to make it easier for Xu Tui.

“Ah Huang, I finally got some money this time. I’m a loyal person. Even if I have to eat meat, I have to make you drink meat soup. I know that you need to add a lot of configurations, but my funds are limited for the time being. Therefore, I’ll give you a special discount of one million to purchase the hardware. You can buy whatever you want. But you cannot exceed this limit.” Xu Tui set a limit for Ah Huang.

“Are you serious, Xu Tui?” Ah Huang’s voice was filled with excitement.

“Of course! It’s just a million. I can still afford it now.” Xu Tui had a confident expression.

“Alright, I’ll place the order now!” Ah Huang’s voice was filled with unprecedented excitement.

Xu Tui was also happy. He ate meat and Ah Huang drank soup. This was very normal!

However, in the afternoon, Xu Tui’s heart twitched when he saw the amount of money that was sent to him by a certain delivery man.

He had been too hasty!

One was a 1,020,000 dollar receipt for delivery.

The other was a receipt for payment of 1.7 million dollars.

When Xu Tui looked at the list, Ah Huang’s voice rang out first.

“Xu Tui, this 1.02 million yuan is the reward you promised me this morning. I only exceeded 20,000 yuan. I’m very generous, right?”

“Then what’s the deal with this 1.74 million?” Xu Tui’s expression darkened.

“You allowed me to add a quantum computing tube?” Ah Huang’s voice was filled with innocence.

“Didn’t you say that a quantum computing tube only cost 50,000 to 60,000 yuan? Why is this 1.74 million yuan? Are you lying to me?”

“I’m not lying to you. A quantum processing tube only costs 50,000 yuan, but I bought an array-like quantum processing tube array board. There are a total of 36 quantum processing tubes on it. I estimate that it can increase the performance of your communication device by more than two times.”

“Thirty-six…” Xu Tui was speechless.

“You didn’t limit the number at the time. I still wanted to buy the most top-notch triple-layer quantum computing tube array board. I thought about your wallet and didn’t dare to buy it. After spending a few days in the shop, I forcefully cut the price from 1.81 million to 1.74 million and got a discount. I’m saving you money.”

“Saving money for me?”

Xu Tui was speechless. “That’s true!”

A certain delivery man at the side was dumbfounded when he saw Xu Tui’s expression change.