Chapter 213 - Six Strong Men (1)

Chapter 213: Six Strong Men (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui arrived at the Research Institute Number 14 at 6:30 p.m. sharp.

In the afternoon, he only needed to bring two small portions of food for An Xiaoxue. There was the spicy fried scallop meat, the emerald-green cabbage heart, and an apple. It had to be said that this woman ate really little!

Xu Tui felt that he could finish 20 portions of food like this. However, one serving was enough for An Xiaoxue.

...

It was rare that Li Yuenan was not around this afternoon. Xu Tui suddenly felt much better.

“Miss An, eat. I’ll make you a fruit salad.”

It was rare that Li Yuenan was not around, so Chef Xu Tui could not help but want to show off his culinary skills.

Xu Tui had wanted to do it for the past few days, but the moment he did, Li Yuenan kept asking for a portion. She even deliberately got close to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was completely unable to enjoy the beautiful process of cooking. He could show off his skills today.

An Xiaoxue hummed softly and took a bite of the scallop meat. She suddenly asked, “Didn’t you agree to help her move? Why didn’t you go?”

Xu Tui, who was washing the fruits, was stunned. He immediately reacted.

F*ck! Ah Huang!

Ah Huang must have betrayed him!

Only Ah Huang, who had entered Xu Tui’s personal communication device, could see the contents of Xu Tui’s message and tell it to An Xiaoxue.

However, he did not mind if Ah Huang told An Xiaoxue about this. What Xu Tui cared about was that Ah Huang did not do everything perfectly. What the f*ck? He had betrayed half of his privacy. What was the meaning of this?

“Dog Huang, get the f*ck out here! What do you mean by doing things halfway?” Xu Tui roared angrily.

Xu Tui finally understood after spending some time with Ah Huang.

Ah Huang liked cool and suave names like Huang Tianba. However, he hated being addressed as an animal or dog.

This fellow actually dared to trick him. He would definitely not give it any face.

However, Ah Huang was very despicable. It knew very well what it had done. Therefore, even though Xu Tui was roaring furiously at this moment, it did not appear. He was practically trying to kill Xu Tui.

“Ah Huang, I’ll change my name to Super Computer Dog Huang the next time I go to the arena,” Xu Tui said angrily.

“Don’t. I didn’t mean to.”

Xu Tui’s threat had some effect. Ah Huang had finally appeared.

“F*ck, you even said that you didn’t do it on purpose. You didn’t finish your sentence! Why didn’t you say the complete thing? What do you mean by telling Miss An half of the story?” Xu Tui said angrily.

“Aren’t I preparing the other half? I didn’t expect Xiaoxue to be anxious and ask first,” Ah Huang said.

An Xiaoxue, who was eating, choked on a small piece of scallop meat and coughed repeatedly. What did he mean by she was anxious?

Ah Huang seemed to be implying something.

Before An Xiaoxue could react, Ah Huang immediately created a huge projection screen for Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue.

The image flickered. It was a still image of an apartment. Suddenly, the exquisitely dressed Li Yuenan pushed open the apartment door and appeared at the entrance. She looked around anxiously.

However, there was no one in the passageway. Li Yuenan could only close the door in disappointment. However, before she returned to the apartment, she even took the opportunity to spray perfume at the door.

In the video, Li Yuenan’s clothes were a little revealing, especially her chest. Even An Xiaoxue could not help but take a second look.

The screen went still again.

However, only a minute later, heavy footsteps sounded in the corridor.

Six men in overalls appeared in the passageway. The leader knocked on the door.

The door opened.

Li Yuenan must have come out with a fragrant scent. The man who knocked on the door could not help but twitch his nose.

But then, Li Yuenan was stunned.

“And you are?”

“Hello, are you Madam Li Yuenan?”

“Yes?”

“This is your address?”

“That’s right.”

“Hello, Madam Li. We’re from the Fast and Fierce Moving Company. According to your request, six burly men have come to help you move at 6:40. We’ve arrived on time. Excuse me, where is the furniture you want to move?” the foreman said.

Li Yuenan was stunned. Why the hell did she need six burly men to move? How could she use so many people with her little luggage?

Suddenly, Li Yuenan reacted.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui, who was at the Research Institute Number 14, opened his communication device and sent a message.

“Inspector Li, I’m very busy today. I can’t leave, so I’ve made an appointment for you with a moving company. They have a variety of services and are of high quality. They should be able to satisfy you!”

In the surveillance footage, Li Yuenan lowered her head almost at the same time and saw the message. Gritting her teeth in frustration, she slammed the door and returned to her room. “There’s no need!”

However, the six burly men from the moving company did not leave. Instead, they knocked on the door persistently.

Since Li Yuenan did not open the door, they kept knocking.

A few minutes later, Li Yuenan opened the door again. She was wearing a shawl over her shoulders, and her expression was frosty.

“Why aren’t you leaving? What do you want? If you don’t leave, I’ll call security!” Li Yuenan said angrily.

“Hello, Madam Li. Our people from the Fast and Fierce Moving Company earn a lot of hard labor money. You made an appointment online. The person and address are correct.