Chapter 220 - The Difficulty Means That There'S A Way

Chapter 220: The Difficulty Means That There’s a Way

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

After becoming a tycoon with assets in the tens of millions, Xu Tui’s back was very straight. However, this persistence only lasted for a day before it was broken by Ah Huang.

Not only did Xu Tui reward Ah Huang with a million yuan, but he also took away 1.74 million yuan from his wallet for the 36 quantum computing tube array boards that Ah Huang had obtained.

Although the number and cost were huge, in reality, the 36 quantum computing tube array boards were only half the size of a fingernail.

...

It was f*cking expensive!

Xu Tui had spent more than a million on the Level D Energy Restoration Elixir that he had purchased from the Genetic Elixir Center in the morning.

In an instant, Xu Tui’s assets decreased from 12.2 million to 8.4 million. His assets had dropped from ten million to million!

The rich became the poor!

However, he had to pay for his promise even if he was in tears.

This made Xu Tui remember something else. In the future, if he told Ah Huang to add more hardware, he had to confirm the price, and he also had to confirm the quantity.

The lesson today was too profound!

However, Xu Tui’s decision to exchange the Level E Energy Restoration Elixir for Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs was wise and correct.

He immediately discovered the benefits during his training at night.

His cultivation speed had increased again because he had switched to Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.

Other than the fact that he had saved the time and mind power required to enter the meditative state, the most important reason for the increase, according to his analysis, was probably because the purity of his energy had increased.

Xu Tui could consume seven and a half bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs during his previous cultivation cycle. However, he could consume 90% of them after using Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs.

He could only waste the remaining 10%. It was giving fats to him. Of course, it was not a complete waste!

Xu Tui’s current size was still a little thin.

Other than that, his cultivation time had become shorter. This was another form of cultivation speed increase.

Previously, when he used seven and a half bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs, it took him about two and a half hours in order for him to exhaust his mind power to the point that it was about to be depleted.

The effect of the Level D Energy Restoration Elixir lasted for three hours.

However, in less than two hours, Xu Tui had consumed 90% of the energy in a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. His mind power was also depleted. It should be because the purity of the Level D Energy Restoration Elixir was higher.

The cultivation cycle saved Xu Tui about forty minutes. Forty minutes was not a long time, but it was still a considerable amount of time.

The huge advantage of being ahead of others was actually because of this very small improvement. Over time, it has become a huge advantage.

Time passed. In the blink of an eye, this was the tenth week that Xu Tui had entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

In two weeks, it would be three months since school started.

The growth period of the freshmen in the 2,137th batch of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was about to end.

The end of the first-years’ growth period meant that two major events were about to unfold.

The first was the traditional project of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College—the competition for the Year One Longhu List.

Secondly, the student’s level assessment had to be reopened.

Without a doubt, from the perspective of cultivation abilities, no matter how monstrous a freshman was before they entered the school or how powerful their abilities were after entering the school, in the end, you could only become a true genius and a true elite among the first-year students if you were on the rankings.

In the eyes of the teachers and students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, only those who made it onto the Longhu List were the true future elites.

It was also because of this that the combat training class became unprecedentedly popular.

There were also many students who challenged each other after class.

Xu Tui had become a popular candidate in the top ten of the Year 1 Longhu List because he had participated in the actual combat exchange with India Sector.

That’s right, only the top ten!

Of course, as a Flying Sword Warrior, Xu Tui also had a group of fans. They believed that Xu Tui would definitely become the first-year Dragon. However, most of the students had only seen Xu Tui display his strength from the live stream or from afar.

They had to admit that Xu Tui was very strong. However, it was impossible for them to admit that Xu Tui could sweep through the freshmen of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Since ancient times, there was no number one in literature nor was there second in martial arts.

In terms of individual strength, no genius was willing to admit that they were inferior to others before they fought.

Therefore, many first-year students sent Xu Tui private messages through various means. They wanted to spar with him.

To put it bluntly, they wanted to find out his strength. They could also use Xu Tui as a whetstone to sharpen their knife.

Xu Tui did not want to do something that would waste his time. He simply ignored it.

However, Xu Tui, who had once displayed his might in the combat arena, was extremely attractive to the freshmen. They thought of all kinds of moves. They wanted to have a battle with Xu Tui before the competition for the Longhu List started. They wanted to find out what he was up to.

However, Xu Tui ignored them, so what could they do?

The experience of Li Cheng, who had fought with Xu Tui a month ago, became a learning experience for these freshmen.

“Xu Tui, I’ll offer you a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. If you win, the item will be yours.”

“Xu Tui, we have a total of six students who have formed a team to challenge you. Each of us will offer a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. As long as you win, these six bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir will all belong to you.”

“Xu Tui, the four of us will form a team to challenge you. Each of us will offer two bottles. There are a total of eight bottles…”

…

Xu Tui could receive several such messages a day.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui was no longer the Xu Tui from a month ago.

A month ago, he was still worried about his cultivation funds. He did not even dare to eat two plates of braised pork. At that time, even a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir would be extremely attractive to him.

However, Xu Tui was completely different now.

Although he had just fallen from a billionaire to a millionaire, he had a small capital of a few million dollars. He could order ten plates of braised pork in one go. He could eat two plates and send eight plates to Cheng Mo.

It was just a few bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. Xu Tui could not afford to waste that time. If he really had the time, he might as well attempt clearing missions or go to Sea Paradise to earn some quick money.

Therefore, while the other first-year students were putting their lives on the line for actual combat training and preparing for the Year One Longhu List, Xu Tui spent most of his time leisurely flipping through books.

That’s right. With Xu Tui’s current reaction speed and mind power, he would be able to memorize the entire book in a few minutes.

Of course, it was just memorizing. Whether or not he could understand and have his own ideas depended on his thoughts and wisdom!

Other than that, he had to cultivate.

It was worth mentioning that Xu Tui had already begun to develop the ninth reaction-type genetic base point according to Luo Shifeng’s plan.

Slowing down the development speed was a way to avoid serious life-threatening situations in the development of genetic base points.

However, Xu Tui still noticed that something was amiss.

Compared to the eighth genetic base point, the ninth genetic base point was much more difficult to develop.

The development of the eighth was completed in three to four days. The progress was very fast.

However, Xu Tui had been developing his ninth reaction speed-type genetic base point for four consecutive days. Although the progress was not much every day, he should have succeeded in activating it according to the eighth genetic base point.

Yet in reality, Xu Tui felt that his current development progress was still a little far away from activating the ninth genetic base point.

The difficulty of activating the ninth reaction speed genetic base point was several times harder than the eighth.

This was a good thing for Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng.

It meant there was hope!

The more difficult it was to activate the ninth reaction speed-type genetic base point, the higher the possibility of forming a reaction speed-type genetic chain and producing a genetic ability chain.

This was not a wild guess. It was determined by the structure of the genetic ability chains that had been discovered in the Great Genetic Age for nearly a hundred years.

Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng, who had had a brief exchange, were looking forward to this.

However, in Luo Shifeng’s words, additional possibilities represented risks. Therefore, the development process had to be slow. They could not be anxious. He had to stop immediately if he felt any discomfort during the development process.

Actually, Xu Tui was not anxious at all. He could afford to wait for a month or two.

The anxious one could only be Luo Shifeng, who had persisted for almost 30 years.

Signing up for the special flying license was proof that Xu Tui was not anxious at all.

He had to put this on the agenda.

Xu Tui had registered online on Monday. It costs 120,000 yuan. It was a little expensive. But it was not worth mentioning to Xu Tui, who had become a millionaire.

After successfully registering, the first thing he learned were the various regulations, the countermeasures under special circumstances, the flight data parameters, and the various physical changes in the flight state.

In short, it was theoretical learning. Theoretical learning was self-study.

After he finished studying, he would have to take two different types of theory exams.

There were a total of 200 questions, totaling 200 marks. He had to score above 195 points every time before he could pass the test and undergo the next stage of training.

Xu Tui was not a star student, but his mind power was extremely powerful. He could basically memorize theoretical knowledge.

He scored full marks in both theoretical exams!

In order not to affect the students’ studies and training, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had scheduled the training for the special flying license after six in the afternoon.

At the same time, it was also convenient for them to conduct night flight training.

At six o’clock on Friday afternoon, Xu Tui, who had skipped combat training once again, arrived at the special driving school located in the scenic forest area of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

The driving school instructor who received Xu Tui had the surname Lin. He briefly checked Xu Tui’s written test results and his medical report. After registering, he gave Xu Tui a sensor access pass.

“Go to the 117th simulation training chamber. Once you achieve a passing simulation training result, then, you will undergo simulation flying training. After you accumulate 72 hours of simulation flying training, you can come to me to apply for actual driving training.”

After giving his instructions, Coach Lin stood up and was about to leave.

He had already studied the rules thoroughly, but he quickly called out to Coach Lin.