Chapter 224 - Huang Tianba

Chapter 224: Huang Tianba

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui waited at the Research Institute Number 14 until two o’clock in the afternoon. Financial Inspector Li Yuenan arrived on time with a cloud of fragrance. He took the electronic signature that An Xiaoxue had transferred over and went straight to look for Li Yuenan.

“Inspector Li, can you sign it online in the future? I’ll transfer the document to you directly. If you sign online, I’ll go and collect the supplies. This is a waste of time,” Xu Tui complained.

“No, this is a rule of the Genetic Research Institute. I can’t violate it. I have to review the list. After all, all the cultivation fluids in the incubation chamber and all the materials that need to be replaced are provided by the Genetic Research Institute.” Li Yuenan was still very principled in this regard.

...

“Alright, hurry up then.”

Xu Tui had only figured it out recently.

The Genetic Research Institute divided the research funds of the Research Institute Number 14 into two parts. A large portion was the short-term research funds that Xu Tui had fought for previously, as well as the long-term fixed research funds related to the abnormal load of mind power.

It was 50 to 80 million a year.

Previously, Xu Tui felt that the Genetic Research Institute was a little petty.

It seemed that many people valued long-term research projects that involved abnormal loads of mind power. But why were the funds allocated so little?

Actually, there was another big piece, which was the allocation of resources.

For example, the cultivation fluid used in the cultivation chamber, the consumables needed to be replaced, and the energy supply.

These were all collected by Xu Tui in the supply office of the Genetic Research Institute. They did not take up the research funds of the No. 14 Research Institute.

In that case, the funds that the Genetic Research Institute allocated to the Research Institute Number 14 Institute in a year would definitely exceed 100 million.

The cost of the cultivation fluid and various materials was huge. The energy consumption was also a huge expenditure.

Li Yuenan, the financial inspector, specialized in supervising and reviewing these things.

For example, the frequency at which materials were replaced.

In the past, Xu Tui would collect the discarded materials and hand them over to the specialized personnel.

Now, Xu Tui had packed those bags and handed them over to Li Yuenan for her to check and destroy.

As a result, when Xu Tui changed the incubator’s cultivation fluid and various consumables, Li Yuenan was like a shadow. She followed behind Xu Tui and he felt a little uncomfortable.

Occasionally, Li Yuenan would lend a hand.

“By the way, where’s Superintendent An?” Li Yuenan suddenly asked while they were working.

That was because she realized that An Xiaoxue was not around this afternoon. An Xiaoxue was usually around.

“She went out to do something in the afternoon. I don’t know what she went to do,” Xu Tui replied casually. He did not mind.

What Xu Tui did not notice was that Li Yuenan’s gaze had shifted.

Time to be alone. This was a rare moment when she was alone with Xu Tui.

After hesitating for a moment, Li Yuenan made a decision. After all, Vice-Chairman Lu was a little anxious.

About an hour later, Xu Tui, who had finished his work, rushed to the changing room.

This job was purely physical work.

Xu Tui could do physical labor, but he had to put on a full-body protective suit. The protective suit was like a stuffy tank. He felt like he had just been fished out of the water after an hour. He had expended a lot of energy.

Xu Tui ran to the changing room and sat down on the ground. He pulled off his protective suit and took off his protective helmet. Sweat dripped from his hair as he breathed heavily.

Previously, when he was wearing the breathing valve, he could not breathe properly.

It was tiring!

Of course, this was also because Xu Tui was in a hurry.

In the past, Xu Tui would rest for a while in between. He would not feel tired even if he took an hour and a half to two hours. He had settled it in an hour today because he was in a hurry.

An Xiaoxue was not at the Research Institute Number 14 this afternoon, but Li Yuenan was at the Research Institute Number 14. Xu Tui wanted to finish his work quickly and leave. He did not want to stay any longer.

However, Li Yuenan, who was also wearing a protective suit, followed Xu Tui in.

Li Yuenan had been wearing protective gear when she followed Xu Tui to check on the supplies. However, Li Yuenan did not do much physical work, so she was not tired.

The moment she pulled open the protective suit, a strong perfume smell rushed out. It smelled especially good. Even though Xu Tui was a little tired, he could not help but sniff twice.

Li Yuenan took off her protective suit and threw it into the trash can. Even Xu Tui did not notice that there was an opened bottle of perfume in the protective suit. The moment she threw it down, an indescribable fragrance spread out again.

At this moment, Li Yuenan had just stretched her limbs in front of Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not mind. He just felt that the fragrance was too pleasant. He could not help but take a few more sniffs. Almost at the same time, the way he looked at Li Yuenan changed.

Li Yuenan had always been dressed very sexily and exquisitely. At this moment, when he smelled the fragrance and was stimulated by the inexplicable fragrance, Xu Tui felt an inexplicable urge to move.

Xu Tui felt his cheeks begin to heat up, and his entire body began to heat up. The adolescent urges that he would have in the past suddenly became extremely intense at this moment.

At that moment, Xu Tui had the urge to pull Li Yuenan into his arms and ravage her. He wanted to test her amazing elasticity and beauty.

“No! What happened to me?”

Xu Tui shook his head violently. His strong willpower and mind power forced him to push these thoughts to the back of his mind. He tried his best not to look at Li Yuenan, whose allure had become 9,999+.

“Take one to replenish your energy?”

Li Yuenan handed Xu Tui a small blue pill. This was a Level F Energy Restoration Pill. It was good to replenish one’s energy after heavy physical labor. However, he still had his instinctive vigilance.

Xu Tui would never eat Li Yuenan’s food.

“Thank you, I have my own!”

Xu Tui rejected the Level F Energy Restoration Pill that Li Yuenan had sent over. He took off his sweat-soaked protective suit and prepared to take one of the Level F Energy Restoration Pills that he had brought with him. However, he had to throw the protective suit into the trash can.

Just as Xu Tui was about to throw it, Li Yuenan suddenly extended her hand and said, “Let me throw it.”

Xu Tui did not refuse. She was just helping to throw trash. He reached out and handed over the crumpled protective suit.

Li Yuenan was not surprised when she received the protective suit. However, the moment she received it, she took the opportunity to swipe her finger across Xu Tui’s palm.

In an instant, Xu Tui felt as if he had been electrocuted. His entire body trembled. A huge gap immediately appeared in the barrier formed by his powerful willpower and mind power.

Xu Tui instinctively reached out and grabbed Li Yuenan’s hand.

Li Yuenan’s slightly cold fingers gave Xu Tui an indescribably strong impulse. It began to assault Xu Tui’s nerves and willpower wave after wave. His lips trembled violently. He tried his best to control himself. However, he couldn’t help but hold Li Yuenan’s hand.

A strange light flashed in Li Yuenan’s eyes as she exclaimed, “Ah, what are you doing?”

However, even though she was screaming in shock, her body subconsciously leaned toward Xu Tui. She even took the initiative to lean toward Xu Tui.

From the angle of the surveillance camera in the room, Xu Tui had taken the initiative to pull Li Yuenan into his arms.

Xu Tui instantly felt like he was about to explode when a beauty entered his arms. He felt like he was on fire. It was instantly ignited by Li Yuenan.

The flames that Li Yuenan had ignited were like a tidal wave. Wave after wave of impact fueled Xu Tui’s remaining rationality.

Just as Xu Tui was about to lose his rationality, a furious shout rang out from the door.

“Damn it, you shameless person. I knew you had ill intentions!”

A large bucket of ice water was poured on Xu Tui, who had just hugged Li Yuenan. It instantly drenched Xu Tui’s heart. It also instantly extinguished the flames burning in Xu Tui’s body.

Before Xu Tui could react to what was happening, a tall, slender woman who was half a head taller than Li Yuenan and had a perfect figure in long pants kicked Li Yuenan’s face.

It wasn’t An Xiaoxue! That was Xu Tui’s first thought. What happened next made Xu Tui the audience.

The long-legged woman who suddenly appeared at the Research Institute Number 14 was extremely ruthless.

The kick to her face caused Li Yuenan to scream. Then, the long-legged woman pounced on Li Yuenan without any regard for her image. She sat on Li Yuenan and punched Li Yuenan’s injured face.

The punch did not look heavy. However, with just one punch, Li Yuenan’s nose bridge was broken. Her face instantly burst open and blood splattered everywhere!

“F*ck, who told you to be horny!”

Bang!

“You wastrel. You could have seduced and schemed against anyone, but you actually seduced and schemed against Xu Tui!”

Bang!

She cursed and punched.

Li Yuenan should also have some strength, but under the violent punches of this mysterious long-legged woman, a few punches caused Li Yuenan to fall into a semi-conscious state.

He wondered how heavy that punch was!

Xu Tui was stunned. He was completely stunned! He naturally understood that he had been tricked by Li Yuenan. However, who was this long-legged woman who had suddenly appeared out of nowhere?

Xu Tui had never known that there was such a person in the Research Institute Number 14.

“F*ck, how dare you do something bad under my nose? I’ll hammer you to death!”

The long-legged woman seemed to be especially angry. Furthermore, because they were both women, she was extremely ruthless. As she cursed, she punched Li Yuenan’s chest!

Li Yuenan screamed in pain again!

“F*ck, luckily I was here. Otherwise, you would have succeeded!”

As she cursed and hammered, Xu Tui suddenly realized something. He was familiar with the long-legged woman’s despicable voice.

“Ah Huang?”

Xu Tui was puzzled.

“Are you awake?” The long-legged woman suddenly turned around and scolded Xu Tui, “You idiot, this woman almost got her way.”

It must be Ah Huang. However, Xu Tui was still confused.

“Ah Huang, how did she scheme against me?”

“What else could it be? An aphrodisiac perfume!” She punched Li Yuenan’s chest again. Ah Huang who had transformed into the long-legged woman suddenly stood up. She took out a bottle of perfume that was still emitting a fragrance from the trash can and threw it to Xu Tui.

“If you don’t believe me, go and test it yourself. There’s high-purity pheromones inside!”

At the same time, Ah Huang also sent Xu Tui information about pheromones.

Xu Tui broke out in a cold sweat after taking a glance. If it weren’t for Ah Huang, the consequences would have been…

Looking at Xu Tui’s frightened expression, Ah Huang became even angrier.

“F*ck, how dare you use such dirty methods? I’ll teach you a lesson today!”

As Ah Huang cursed, she punched Li Yuenan’s chest again. However, this time, the moment the iron fist smashed down, five to six slender bone spikes that were seven to eight centimeters long suddenly grew out!

Bang! Chi!

A few bone spikes pierced into Li Yuenan’s bulging chest without any resistance. In the next moment, the semi-conscious Li Yuenan suddenly let out an earth-shattering scream. She arched her body like a red-hot shrimp and let out an unconscious scream!

Xu Tui sucked in a cold breath.

Ah Huang’s methods were really ruthless. This was the first time Xu Tui had seen this.

Was this considered the rapture of breasts?

However, this method was suitable for Huang Tianba!

For the first time, Xu Tui felt that Ah Huang deserved the nickname Huang Tianba.