Chapter 222 - Better Late Than Never (2)

Chapter 222: Better Late Than Never (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“However, there were two points that I still had to explain. You can apply for actual driving training immediately. As long as there is an accident during the training, you will fail the special flying license test. I need you to sign up again, pay a new fee, and start over. Similarly, the extreme test is the same. You only have one chance. If you can’t pass, you can only register and pay the fees again. Do you understand?” Coach Lin said solemnly.

“I understand.”

“This is the sensor key for Training Flying Car No. 227. I’ve already turned on the semi-coaching test-drive mode for you. You have 20 minutes to familiarize yourself with the specific condition of the vehicle. The high-intensity driving training would begin in 20 minutes.

...

“The high-intensity driving training you applied for has a total of seven rounds, two hours per round. After seven rounds, you could apply for the Extreme Assessment and obtain a flying license. Of course, you can choose to undergo 45 rounds of normal driving training before taking the normal exam to get your driver’s license,” Coach Lin said.

“I choose high-intensity training.”

Xu Tui left with the key after he finished speaking. He had done this mainly because he wanted to get a special flying license. Under normal circumstances, it would have been a little time-consuming.

The training in the simulation pod required 77 days to complete the entire set of training for the actual driving training. The duration of each training session was two hours. Even if the coach did not rest and arranged all kinds of exams, three months was considered extremely fast. Four months was considered fast. Five months was the normal time.

Xu Tui felt that it was a waste of time.

After studying the exam rules of the special flying license, he realized that there were still some special rules. After all, in the Great Genetic Age, management was more humane.

It was the extreme test that Xu Tui had applied for just now. If he passed, he would get his driver’s license in seven to eight days. If he fails, the 120,000 registration fee will be gone. If he wants to take the exam again, he has to pay again.

It was convenient, but it came with a price.

There were many students who came to the training ground to take the special flying license exam.

Most of them were first-year students, and some were second-year students.

For first-year students, if their reaction speed was not fast enough, they would first undergo the relatively time-consuming training in the early stages. The last few tests required one to have a reaction speed of 10 milliseconds. They could wait until the next semester.

Xu Tui ran into many familiar faces along the way. They all greeted Xu Tui, and their greetings were the same.

“You’re here for your driver’s license too?”

Xu Tui nodded with a smile. His smile was a little awkward. That was because most of the students who greeted him knew Xu Tui, but Xu Tui did not know them.

This was probably the little problem that Xu Tui had.

“Eh, Xu Tui, you’re here to get your special flying license too?”

Not long after, Xu Tui finally met someone he knew. They were from the same hometown. There were even two of them!

Tong Qi and He Mingxuan were also from Jincheng Prefecture.

This was especially so for Tong Qi. Back then, he was considered the most dazzling genius in Jincheng Prefecture. However, after he entered the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, he gradually became ordinary.

This was probably the charm of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. A genius from an area could only be considered an ordinary student here. The past results only represented the past.

“That’s right. Long time no see. I’ve been planning to get a special flying license as a backup,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“That’s right. Although we’re in the same school, it has indeed been a long time since we last met. However, the last time you fought in the combat arena, it was really enjoyable.”

Although Tong Qi was a little arrogant, his attitude toward Xu Tui, who was now a rising star, had undergone a huge change compared to when he was on his way to the academy. His bearing was not bad.

He Mingxuan, on the other hand, only nodded in greeting when he saw Xu Tui, even though they were classmates from the same school. It was obvious that He Mingxuan was very uncomfortable with Xu Tui’s current rise.

After Xu Tui had made a name for himself, the dirty deeds he had done on the way to school felt like a slap to He Mingxuan’s face.

“When did you register?” Tong Qi pulled Xu Tui aside and started chatting.

“Oh, I just passed the theory exam online a few days ago. It’s my first time here today.”

At the mention of this, Tong Qi felt a little depressed. “Sigh, you’re also here to train in the simulation chamber. This simulation chamber training is too uncomfortable. Even the beggar version of a flying car did not have such a bad environment. You’ll have to endure at least 72 hours of training. We’re almost done.” Tong Qi complained a little, as if he was trying to escape.

Xu Tui nodded. There was no need to boast about some things. They chatted for a while longer before saying goodbye. Time was precious. He could not waste it. Besides, they were not familiar with each other. They would end up in an awkward situation if they chatted for a while. They might as well leave earlier.

After saying his goodbyes, Xu Tui quickly walked toward the actual driving training grounds. Just as he was about to turn the corner, Tong Qi suddenly shouted, “Xu Tui, don’t go the wrong way. That is the actual driving training grounds. The simulation training grounds are over here.”

“Thank you. I’m going to the actual driving training ground.” Xu Tui turned around and waved the key in his hand.

The sunlight shone on the sensor key and fell into Tong Qi’s eyes. It was especially glaring.

Tong Qi was silent for a long time.

Darn it. He had just said that he wanted to get out of the sea of bitterness called the simulation pod. Now, it seemed that Xu Tui had jumped over.

This difference…

Just as Tong Qi was lamenting, He Mingxuan, who had been feeling uncomfortable, suddenly spoke.

“F*ck, this kid is still the same. He even f*cking lied to us when he got a special flying license. He clearly finished the training in the simulation pod. He even lied and said that he had just arrived today.

“Everyone has to undergo simulation training first. How can they go for actual driving training the moment they arrive? He doesn’t even have a brain when he lies.” He Mingxuan’s tone was filled with jealousy.

He Mingxuan’s words stunned Tong Qi.

Tong Qi suddenly realized something when he looked at Xu Tui, who was far away under the sunlight, and then at He Mingxuan, who was standing in the shadows.

He was wrong! He should not have befriended a person like He Mingxuan from the start. He Mingxuan was clearly the kind of person who could only bring him negative information according to Tong Qi’s father.

He had to stay away from such people! Not only would interacting with such a person affect his emotions, but it would also lower his status.

Tong Qi suddenly understood what his father had nagged him about many times. However, it was better late than never!

“Don’t you know that there’s a special rule for getting a special flying license? If your reaction speed is above 8 milliseconds, you can directly undergo actual driving training!” After saying that, Tong Qi walked towards the simulation training ground.

“His reaction speed is 8 milliseconds? That’s impossible! That’s absolutely impossible! How long has Xu Tui been in school? This is definitely not…”

While He Mingxuan retorted, Tong Qi had already walked far away.

“Eh, Tong Qi, wait for me. Wait for me…”

He Mingxuan hurriedly chased after him. However, before he could catch up, Tong Qi entered his simulation pod first. With a bang, he closed the door and started training.

He Mingxuan was left alone in a daze…