Chapter 227 - I'M Very Stingy

Chapter 227: I’m Very Stingy

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Wen Shao had been stripped of his position as the vice-chairman of the Supernatural Branch because of Deng Wei. He had suffered greatly because of Xu Tui.

Wen Shao was already the vice chairman of a major university like the Supernatural Branch. If he worked harder, he would become the chairman. If he jumped again, he might become the vice-principal.

To a certain extent, Wen Shao’s position as the vice chairman of the Supernatural Branch was much more valuable than Luo Shifeng’s position as the director of the Neurology Department.

...

The Department of Neurology was only in an auxiliary position and was relatively weak.

However, Wen Shao’s position was not just the vice chairman of the Supernatural Branch. Wen Shao was also the first-year director of the Mystery Branch. After all, he was someone who taught three public classes for the first years of the Mystery Branch.

Therefore, Xu Tui had to go over even if Wen Shao called him over.

Just the word “announce” made Xu Tui smell an inexplicable malice. When this word was used on students, it often represented a negative meaning.

“What are you going to announce to me?”

Xu Tui looked around and reflected on his actions. He had not done anything wrong. He could not be more disciplined. Even if he skipped class, he had to apply for leave from Mr. Bian Yuan.

Xu Tui called Bian Yuan as he rushed over.

The vice-teacher of the School of Enlightened Mind, Bian Yuan, was definitely a hardcore supporter of the School of Enlightened Mind.

“Announcement?”

Bian Yuan was also confused by Xu Tui’s doubts. He did not know either.

“You can go first. It should be fine. Let me know if you have any problems,” Bian Yuan replied to Xu Tui.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui arrived at Wen Shao’s office. He knocked on the door and entered.

“Mr. Wen, you were looking for me.”

“Yes.”

Wen Shao nodded. He suddenly took a document and handed it to Xu Tui. “Take a look at this document. It’s good that you know about this.

“After all, you are also a genius first-year student of our Mystery Branch. I won’t announce this punishment publicly.”

Punishment?

Xu Tui took the document and glanced at it. His brows furrowed tightly, and his expression turned ugly.

“Xu Tui, a first-year student of the Mystery Branch, has missed 52 classes during the three-month protection period. According to the rules of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, students who skip more than 30 classes during the protection period will be given a warning and punishment as a warning!”

Under the document was the official seal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Mystery Branch, the official seal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Academic Affairs Office, and the official seal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Year 1 Mystery Branch. Finally, there was the signature of the Year Head, Wen Shao.

The date was September 13, 2137, which was today’s Monday.

Announcement!

Xu Tui instantly understood what Wen Shao meant by his announcement. This was an instant reality. Therefore, he had come directly to announce it to Xu Tui.

As for Wen Shao’s actions of not reading it out loud, it was purely a favor!

“Mr. Wen, I’ve written a leave of absence note for all the classes that I didn’t attend. I have a reason for doing so. I’ve also left back up with Mr.Bian Yuan. Is there a mistake in this warning?” Xu Tui questioned.

Xu Tui would not be so foolish as to ignore the school rules and skip classes. On the contrary, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College paid more attention to teaching flexibility. If a student felt that their progress was ahead of schedule, they could directly greet the teacher. After obtaining the teacher’s approval, they could even skip this class.

For a period of time, he would focus on studying in a certain area or even on clearing missions. He only needed to apply for leave to explain the situation.

The school rules made it clear that students would not be given a punishment just because they applied for leave.

That was why Xu Tui asked that question.

Wen Shao smiled in the face of Xu Tui’s doubts. “Fortunately, you wrote a leave of absence note. You have a reason for everything. Otherwise, you’ll miss up to 52 lessons during the protection period for new students. You won’t be able to escape as a probationary student.”

Xu Tui frowned. “Mr. Wen, I remember the school rules very clearly. Our school is in charge of individualized and flexible learning. You can take a normal leave of absence and focus on cultivating a certain ability.

“In the school rules, there has never been a warning of punishment after a certain number of missed classes have been accumulated?”

Xu Tui argued.

“It seems that Xu Tui has a thorough understanding of the school rules.” Wen Shao smiled and took out another document for Xu Tui. He flipped to one of the pages and handed it to Xu Tui. “Our school has a new student enrollment management regulation. I wonder if Xu Tui has read it?”

Xu Tui’s expression turned ugly.

During the protection period of the new students’ growth, if they missed more than 30 classes and could not correct their mistakes after being reminded, they would be punished!

The management conditions for new students were only effective for three months. It was until the day after tomorrow!

Xu Tui had overlooked this point. He had not paid attention to this temporary rule. He did not expect Wen Shao to be waiting for him here.

“Mr. Wen, the rules state that you can only be punished if you don’t correct your mistakes after being reminded. You didn’t do that, right?”

“Xu Tui, you can’t speak nonsense. Look at your personal communication device. I sent you two short messages on August 15th and September 2nd.” Wen Shao smiled gently.

Xu Tui quickly flipped through the messages and found the two messages again.

The message was short.

“Xu Tui, come and participate in combat training when you have time. It’s not good to miss classes all the time.”

“Xu Tui, if you have time, you should come to the combat training class. It will be beneficial to you.”

The content of the two messages had the intention of reminding him, but it did not involve the level of punishment.

At this moment, Xu Tui completely understood that Wen Shao was deliberately setting a trap for him. If Wen Shao said in the message that he might be punished if he missed any more classes, Xu Tui would definitely attend the class.

Since Wen Shao was deliberately targeting him, there was no point in arguing. The public seal of the various institutions in the school had been stamped.

As for this warning punishment, the director of the grade could actually submit it to the academy for review. After the academy reviewed it, they could send it to the Academic Affairs Office of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College to be stamped.

Xu Tui was well aware of the operating system. However, it was useless.

Most importantly, this warning punishment was actually very light. The punishment would only last for three months. It would be automatically revoked after three months. It basically did not affect the students’ normal studies.

There was only one effect: After the students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College received a warning, their personal rating would drop by one level during the three-month period.

Xu Tui instantly got to the point.

The comprehensive assessment of the freshmen of the 2137th batch of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was about to begin.

The most important basis for a freshman’s comprehensive evaluation was the student’s level.

Xu Tui’s personal level had been reduced by one level due to the warning. This meant that Xu Tui’s comprehensive assessment would also be reduced by one level.

Originally, it would not have been easy for Xu Tui to get first place in the individual comprehensive assessment among the first-year students of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, where geniuses were as common as clouds. He would have to rely on additional points to ensure that he got first place.

For example, obtaining the position of the Dragon of the first year.

But now, this warning was like taking drastic measures to reduce the punishment. In that case, even if Xu Tui obtained extra points for being the Dragon, he would not be able to obtain first place in the comprehensive evaluation of the freshmen.

Xu Tui instantly understood everything.

An Xiaoxue had previously instructed Xu Tui to try his best to get first place in the freshman comprehensive assessment. She only instructed him to do his best.

However, Wen Shao had already dug a huge hole for Xu Tui. He directly cut off the possibility of Xu Tui obtaining first place in the comprehensive assessment.

Xu Tui was furious.

This Wen Shao was too f*cking sinister! However, everything about him was reasonable, including the so-called reminder. Even if Xu Tui wanted to reason things out, he had no place to do so.

Wen Shao had taken everything!

As for the fact that the message did not involve a warning, it could not be taken seriously.

At the thought of this, Xu Tui suddenly let go. In an instant, in his mind, Wen Shao had turned from a teacher to an enemy.

That was right. Xu Tui’s definition was that simple.

Teachers needed to be respected. The enemy did not need it!

Under Wen Shao’s slightly surprised gaze, Xu Tui suddenly pulled over a chair and sat down facing Wen Shao.

This action was a little rude! However, he could not find any flaws in the existing rules and regulations.

Therefore, Wen Shao still had a smile on his round face. It was the smile of a victor.

“Mr. Wen, do you think this is fun? You dug such a big hole for me in the first place in the comprehensive assessment of a freshman, for the research funds allocated to the research institute? Is it interesting? Is it fun?”

Actually, there was another keyword that Xu Tui did not mention—extra-terrestrial spot!

Most importantly, An Xiaoxue had mentioned that the first place in the individual comprehensive assessment represented that the spot for extra-terrestrial could be directly obtained.

However, An Xiaoxue said that this involved confidentiality, so Xu Tui did not bring it up.

In fact, the most fundamental thing was the extra-terrestrial spot!

Wen Shao was still smiling as he said, “Xu Tui, this warning and punishment is just so that you can correct your learning attitude. There was no other meaning. Moreover, it would not affect you. The three-month warning period passed quickly.”

“That’s right!”

Xu Tui nodded vigorously.

“Mr. Wen, you’re right! The three-month warning period will be over soon! However, Mr. Wen, I have to tell you something.” Xu Tui looked very serious.

“Shoot.”

“Mr. Wen, I’m a very stingy person! This is especially so for the things in my pocket. If others take them away without my permission, I will fight them to the death,” Xu Tui said very quietly. He seemed to be joking, but he did not seem to be joking at all.

“Xu Tui, stop fooling around. We didn’t take anything from you,” Wen Shao said with a smile.

“You took it!” Xu Tui spoke very firmly.

Wen Shao frowned!

“Once the warning is given, my personal rating will drop by a level. According to the treatment I currently enjoy, I will be deducted a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir every month! I would be deducted a total of three bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir! You’re the one who caused this. You asked for it. Remember that!”

After saying that, Xu Tui turned around and left. He slammed the door shut.

The moment the door closed, Xu Tui forcefully suppressed all his anger. There was only calmness in his mind.

There was still a plan that needed to be completed!

In the office, Wen Shao smiled and shook his head.

Xu Tui’s talent was not bad. It was just that he had entered the wrong department. He was still a little inexperienced.