Chapter 228 - Xu Tui Is Ready To Cause Trouble

Chapter 228: Xu Tui Is Ready to Cause Trouble

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui gradually calmed down as he walked out of Wen Shao’s office. He had a preliminary plan.

In reality, Xu Tui’s first thought after leaving Wen Shao’s office was to call his teacher, An Xiaoxue. He thought about it for a moment and decided against it.

There was no need to call and ask An Xiaoxue for help. There was no point in asking An Xiaoxue for help, much less changing anything. There was a fact that Wen Shao’s procedures were just and there was nothing that violated the rules. This matter could not be overturned.

...

The only flaw was that he had been too gentle with Xu Tui’s two messages. But it was also a reminder!

He would settle it himself.

However, Wen Shao’s method made Xu Tui realize another problem.

The extra-terrestrial spot for the first place in the freshman comprehensive assessment should be really important.

Of course, the research funds allocated by the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College to the various departments of the Mystery Branch were also another important factor. Since it was teaching, even the top Huaxia Genetic Evolution College would not be able to escape the strange circle of assessment.

How should he quantify the teacher’s teaching results?

The method of only talking about scientific research results a hundred years ago had long been eliminated. However, there had never been a completely reasonable assessment method. However, there was still an assessment.

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had a closer understanding of the teachers’ teaching results.

What was the root of a school?

Teaching!

Then, the quality of the teacher’s teaching results would be reflected by the students’ results.

It was just like the college entrance examination in high school. If a student’s results were impressive, their form teacher and teacher-in-charge would be impressive.

Under such circumstances, the comprehensive assessment of the freshmen after the three-month protection period was actually a big test for the students and the teachers.

The research funds that the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College allocated to the Mystery Branch in a year amounted to two billion.

There were currently four faculties in the Mystery Branch: the Supernatural Branch, the Radiation Influence Branch, the School of General Senses, and the School of Enlightened Mind.

The largest among them was the Supernatural Branch.

Among the 2 billion research funds, the Supernatural Branch directly took 1 billion. The Radiation Influence Branch, the School of General Senses and the School of Enlightened Mind each took 100 million.

That was a quota of 1.3 billion.

As for the other 700 million yuan, it was a flexible sum. It could be considered an incentive. Whichever faculty had good teaching results would receive the majority of the 700 million yuan.

The department that ranked first in terms of teaching results could monopolize another 500 million flexible reward quota.

The question came full circle.

Currently, the quality of the teaching results was determined by the students’ assessment results. The results of the freshmen were divided into two parts.

Firstly, there were the rankings of the Year 1 students on the Longhu List. As long as there were students from the various faculties who entered the rankings, the teachers of the faculties would be able to obtain points.

Year One Dragon and Tiger occupied a large portion of the points.

Next was the comprehensive assessment of the new students. Similarly, the person who ranked first in the individual comprehensive assessment for the extra-terrestrial spot had a lot of points.

Over the years, whether it was the research funding or the comprehensive evaluation of the new students, if it landed in the Mystery Branch, it would definitely belong to the Supernatural Branch.

However, Xu Tui was a major variable this year.

In that case, Wen Shao’s actions made sense.

An ordinary warning could accomplish many things.

For example, the extra-terrestrial spot that was related to the first place in the comprehensive assessment of the first years, as well as the 200 million research funds allocated to the Mystery Branch this year.

He could basically make the final decision. He was even a Superb individual.

It had to be said that Wen Shao had a sharp eye.

The reason why Wen Shao did not handle the battle with Deng Wei in time after the battle two months ago was clear. The Cultivation Projection Card that Wen Shao had given Xu Tui, which was a superb-type cultivation card, contained even more malicious intent.

Wen Shao had been planning this for more than a month.

“If that’s the case, is this a collective action? The entire Supernatural Branch should be behind Wen Shao’s warning.”

Xu Tui suddenly sneered when he thought of this. The entire Supernatural Branch? In fact, in the Mystery Branch, most people would think of superb individuals first. Most of the people in charge of the Mystery Branch were professors from the Supernatural Branch.

“This is an internal competition between the Supernatural Branch and the School of Enlightened Mind. However, they used an unorthodox method!”

At this point, Xu Tui had a clear understanding of the entire situation. He also began to reconsider his plan.

He would have agreed if An Xiaoxue had told him to try his best to get first place in the individual assessment yesterday. However, he was only trying his best!

He just had to work hard. It was a good thing that he got it. If he could not get it, then there was nothing he could do about it. Because he had tried his best!

However, Xu Tui’s attitude had changed.

He will go all out!

He had to go all out to get first place in the comprehensive assessment. Even if the individual’s rating was directly reduced by one grade because of this warning.

Xu Tui did not mention this when he went to deliver food to An Xiaoxue in the afternoon. There was no need.

Xu Tui returned to his dorm at night and continued cultivating. He swallowed a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir that was worth 50,000 dollars. As usual, he first activated his ninth reaction speed genetic base point.

It only lasted for about five minutes. Xu Tui stopped when the ninth reaction speed genetic base point began to expand rhythmically.

After ten days of continuous development, the ninth reaction-type genetic base point was only a step away from success.

However, Xu Tui decisively stopped activating it. Instead, he carefully sensed the changes in his body under his introspective state. He focused slightly and sensed the process of his body’s reaction. He did not notice any unexpected and dangerous physical reactions or signs when Luo Shifeng listed out the various developments that Xu Tui could encounter.

“I’ll confirm if there are any mid- to long-term physical reactions and characteristics tomorrow or the day after tomorrow. Then, I can activate the ninth reaction-type genetic base point.”

Recently, Luo Shifeng had taught Xu Tui a lot. He had also been taught a lot and was following this rule to cultivate. For example, the development of genetic base points without prior research experience had to be done slowly!

Xu Tui shifted his attention to another genetic base point under his illusory introspection.

This was the 17th genetic base point of the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

Originally, after Xu Tui spent 40% of his time every day cultivating the ancient genetic martial arts, the efficiency of cultivating the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique would inevitably decrease.

However, after using the Level D Energy Restoration Elixir, the overall efficiency of his cultivation had increased. This did not significantly reduce the speed of his cultivation of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

On the contrary, Xu Tui had activated six genetic base points in the second level in the past ten days. His total mind power had increased by more than 30%.

The total efficiency of his cultivation had increased again.

The most direct reaction was that two weeks ago, when Xu Tui had just changed to a Level D Energy Restoration Elixir, he had not even used up a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir in one cultivation cycle.

He had almost wasted a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

However, two weeks later, as Xu Tui continued to activate the second level of genetic base points, the total amount of his mind power continued to increase. The efficiency of his cultivation also increased.

Currently, he could not only use up a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir in a single cultivation cycle, but he also had to use up another bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. Only then would he be able to use his mind power until the end of the cultivation cycle.

However, the consumption of genetic base points for the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique was increasing.

After half a cultivation cycle, the seventeenth genetic base point of the second level was still not activated.

Xu Tui’s attention shifted again when he used his illusory introspection. This time, he switched his attention to the fourth genetic base point of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

The distribution of the genetic base points of the Vajra Tide Force Field was very interesting. The fourth genetic base point was below Xu Tui’s lower jaw. To be honest, he would not have been able to remember this position if his teacher, Shen Jiushuang, had not personally used his energy field power to guide the location three times. He might not be able to locate this genetic base point based on the cultivation method of the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field without three to five days of effort.

This was also one of the reasons why genetic ancient martial arts could not be widely promoted. There were too many restrictions on cultivation.

Forty minutes later, the fourth genetic base point of the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was activated.

With a thought, the energy field power in Xu Tui’s dantian instantly appeared in his lower jaw. It instantly formed a three-dimensional energy domain with the other three genetic base points on his forehead, chest, and shoulders.

Xu Tui had an extremely accurate grasp of the changes in the circulation of the energy field power in his body when he was using his introspection.

Was the Vajra Tide Force Field the three-dimensional defense of the energy field?

Xu Tui had his own understanding as he observed. The energy field dissipated, and he ended his focused cultivation for the day. However, he did not fall asleep immediately.

Instead, he sat cross-legged and began to follow the Lesser Heavenly Cycle Technique that Shen Jiushuang had taught him. He guided the energy field power in his dantian with his mind and scanned the 18 genetic base points that had been activated in the Lesser Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain.

After he finished his rounds, the energy field power returned to his dantian. Under his realistic introspection, Xu Tui could clearly feel that the energy field power had become slightly stronger.

It seemed to be constantly absorbing the energy field power drifting around the various genetic base points.

On the other hand, the genetic base points that had been activated could spontaneously produce energy field power!

It was a magical thing.

This made Xu Tui’s cultivation very interesting.

After five consecutive rounds, the effects of his cultivation became very weak. Xu Tui, who had been cultivating for nearly three hours, also felt a strong sense of fatigue.

He washed up. He went to bed and entered a meditative state. He relaxed his mind and soon fell into a deep sleep.

However, Xu Tui still had an obsession even when he was in a deep sleep.

He was going to cause trouble tomorrow!