Chapter 221 - Better Late Than Never (1)

Chapter 221: Better Late Than Never (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Coach Lin, I’m applying for actual driving training. At the same time, I’m applying for the short-term extreme test.”

Xu Tui’s voice made Coach Lin, who was about to leave, suddenly turn around and look at Xu Tui with a puzzled expression.

“Student, I… didn’t hear wrongly, did I? You want to apply for actual driving training? And apply for an extreme test?”

...

“Coach Lin, you didn’t hear wrongly. That’s true.”

Coach Lin’s expression instantly became a little shocked. “Xu Tui, I remember that you’re only a freshman, right? You have to know that the first condition for applying for actual driving training is that your reaction speed has to be above 8 milliseconds.”

“I know.” Xu Tui handed over a set of documents. “I’ve already prepared the required documents. Take a look.”

Coach Lin took the materials from Xu Tui. His expression instantly became very interesting. He looked at the contents of the materials and then looked at Xu Tui. He had a look of disbelief on his face.

Darn it. A freshman who had only been enrolled for less than three months actually had a reaction speed of 5 milliseconds. Had he been training his reaction speed since he was in his mother’s womb?

After so many years of special training, his reaction speed had only stabilized at about 7 milliseconds.

However, the official seal of the Department of Neurology of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the private seal of the Professor of Neurology, Luo Shifeng, and his signature could not be more authentic.

“I need to verify your identity and personal biological information again.” After Coach Lin confirmed the authenticity of the document, he took Xu Tui seriously again.

Although he found it unbelievable, the signature of Luo Shifeng, the great professor of the Department of Neurology, was a form of credibility and guarantee.

Xu Tui smiled as he once again accepted the verification of his biological information.

Of course, Xu Tui’s current reaction speed was not limited to 5 milliseconds. His stable reaction speed had already reached 1 millisecond. The fastest reaction speed had reached 0.7 milliseconds.

The main reason Xu Tui allowed Luo Shifeng to give a certificate indicating he had a reaction speed of 5 milliseconds was due to the experience in Sea Paradise. It reminded Xu Tui of something else.

In the era of full information, the entire internet was said to be protecting one’s privacy. But in fact, did individuals have privacy?

In reality, as long as your information was online through various channels, there was basically no privacy.

Be it both Nakamura Yuji that Xu Tui had killed in the Sea Paradise or the Black Sword Ant pirate team that he had killed, their information was indeed mysterious to ordinary people. However, with the help of Ah Huang, a supercomputer, their mysterious veil was instantly torn off. Most of the information was exposed to Xu Tui.

Whether it was Nakamura Yuji or the Black Sword Ant Pirates, the complete information of both parties was stored in the supercomputers of their respective regions or factions.

They were both supercomputers. No matter how powerful Ah Huang was, he could not directly hack into the supercomputer’s core storage that stored the other party’s information in a short period of time.

The core of the supercomputer had a complete security mechanism. Even if the hacking was successful, they would not be able to obtain the information in the core.

However, how did Ah Huang find the information about Nakamura Yuji and the Black Sword Ant team?

The answer was big data comparison!

Take Nakamura Yuji for example. After he went to the hospital for a physical examination, the personal information of his examination would circulate on the hospital’s public website.

Another example was that Nakamura Yuji had signed up for a club and had to send his personal information to a certain email before he could sign up.

Another example was that Nakamura Yuji had been commended by the school. The relevant news units had published a report that had some information about Nakamura Yuji.

As long as a person lived in the Great Genetic Age, no matter if it was food, clothing, housing, or transportation, the relevant personal information that could be retrieved every day would be hundreds or thousands of them.

It included the passive data of various cameras and even the comments of other people on social media.

It was through the powerful computing power of its supercomputer that Ah Huang managed to capture more than a million pieces of information like that of Nakamura Yuji.

Then, through key information retrieval, comparison, and screening using advanced artificial intelligence, they finally compiled Nakamura Yuji’s personal information.

On the other hand, if Xu Tui did not pay attention, the information about him applying for a special flying license today would expose his true reaction speed.

Ever since the incident at Sea Paradise, Ah Huang had automatically helped Xu Tui delete sensitive information about him online.

For example, information related to Xu Tui’s mental whip, high-definition videos that had been widely circulated during the actual combat exchange, and so on.

Ah Huang would do something to it. For example, tampering silently or making the video link fail.

Of course, these methods were of little use. The most fundamental method was to pay attention to information protection. He had to pay attention to any personal information that might spread on the public network.

For example, Xu Tui’s reaction speed in the process of registering for the special flying license had been greatly restricted.

This process would continue to circulate within the various organizations for a period of time before he obtained his driver’s license. Ah Huang could not change it even if he wanted to.

If he changed it, he might not be able to get his driver’s license.

Therefore, instead of worrying, he might as well hold back from the start.

“Xu Tui, according to the rules, you do have the information to apply for actual driving training. You can apply for an extreme test after you complete the actual driving training.