Chapter 233 - Broken Leg Again

Chapter 233: Broken Leg Again

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Wednesday, 8:30 a.m., Longhu Arena.

The Year One Longhu List was considered a grand occasion for the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Anyone who could obtain a spot in the opening battle of the Year 1 Longhu List was a genius among geniuses in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

...

There were only 100 seats!

Whether it was the teachers of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College or the students and seniors, they were all watching.

The teachers were keeping an eye on them to ensure that they could find that person they need to focus on nurturing in the future. After all, during class, everyone was training and studying, so they could not see through too much. The true potential of many students could only be displayed in the arena between victory and defeat.

As for the students and seniors, their motives were even more simple. They had to befriend students who had great potential. Moreover, they might be able to be of help during the team clearing mission.

Of course, the students from the Mystery Branch were favored in this aspect.

There were too many students in the Extreme Branch. What the team lacked the most were students from the Mystery Branch who had various special abilities. Therefore, it was not an exaggeration to say that the opening battle of the Year One Longhu List had caused a stir in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

It was not even nine o’clock yet, but a large number of second-year and even third-year students had already appeared around the arena.

At least half of the students in the school had arrived. Of course, most of the fourth-year seniors and some third-year seniors were not in school.

For the opening battle of the Year 1 Longhu List, the school had changed the plans overnight.

Ten small arenas were set up again. Each arena was 40 meters long and 25 meters wide. There were gaps and guardrails between the ten arenas.

Of course, if a student felt that the arena was too small, they could make a special application.

The Year One Longhu List lasted for three days. Three hours in the morning and three hours in the afternoon.

During the opening battle, other than the stipulated rest time for consecutive battles, the students who were challenged had to accept the challenge at any time. Otherwise, they would be considered to have given up and be marked as defeated.

For the first time, the students could choose a ranking to defend their ranking. First come, first served. However, they had to win three times in a row before their names would be announced.

After winning three consecutive battles and occupying a certain ranking, the students would be able to obtain a certain level of protection to avoid a tag-team battle.

He could not be challenged more than five times in a day.

Every time he was challenged and won, he could rest for an hour at most before he had to welcome the next challenger.

If he lost, he would naturally have to step down. His ranking would be occupied by others and he would have to follow the same rules. In addition, if he encountered a powerful opponent, he could immediately admit defeat.

However, if they admitted defeat three times during the ranking battle, they would be disqualified.

This was the rule of the Longhu List’s battle. As for the other rules, they were the same as the normal Longhu List challenges.

Similarly, two teachers would be assigned to each arena as the referee.

The reason why they arranged for the teacher to be the referee was very direct. It was to protect both sides at the critical moment and prevent any casualties. At the same time, it was also to allow both sides to attack with their full strength and display their true strength.

The Year One Longhu List started at nine o’clock sharp. Many first-year students had already run to the teachers who were in charge of registration and applied for their rankings in advance.

The teachers at the side of the ten arenas were surrounded.

In less than ten minutes, the 99 spots on the huge screen lit up with red.

The red represented that the spot had already been challenged. After three consecutive wins, there would be a name on the list. Only the position of the first-year Dragon was still green.

No one challenged it.

Many students who passed by would more or less glance at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was definitely the Year One Dragon. This was the consensus of the teachers.

The students did not think so. Especially those fearless geniuses. However, the tutors of these geniuses gave them better advice.

Challenging the position of a Year One Dragon was a very foolish move. It was foreseeable that anyone who challenged the position of the Year One Dragon would definitely encounter Xu Tui. He might be injured if he encountered Xu Tui.

Once he was injured, he would not be able to participate in the ranking battle.

Therefore, the teachers’ suggestion was to first occupy a spot on the Year One Longhu List and get some points and rewards. On the last day, they would then challenge the position of the Year One Dragon.

If they could take another step back and think, the position of the Year One Dragon was there. They could challenge it in the future. Right now, the most important thing was to make use of the ranking battle to hone their abilities and increase their combat strength.

Such a suggestion was very pertinent. Almost all the students agreed. After all, it was not a wise move to go against the legendary Flying Sword Warrior on the first day.

Under such circumstances, there was no one to challenge the position of the Year One Dragon.

“Brother Xu, it looks like you’ll be the Year One Dragon. Aren’t you going to register?”

Zhuang Ziqiang also came to join in the fun. He found Xu Tui in the stands and said, “Register yourself. If no one challenges you within three days, the position of the Year One Dragon will automatically belong to you.”

“There’s no hurry. It’s all in the family.”

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes. He looked at Zhuang Ziqiang and suddenly said, “Oh, that’s right. As a businessman, why didn’t you open a casino outside the arena and make a bet to earn some money?”

“Hey, Xu Tui, the school won’t allow it! If you dare to set up gambling and speculation in the school, all your funds will be confiscated. You will also be handed over to the legal authorities.”

Zhuang Ziqiang’s words dispelled the thought that had suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind.

“Brother Xu…”

He had just started when Zhuang Ziqiang suddenly paused. “Brother Xu, you guys continue chatting. I’ll go get some water.” Zhuang Ziqiang ran off.

The moment Xu Tui raised his head in shock, he saw Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing beside him.

“Little Tui, why didn’t you register for the position of the Year One Dragon?” Gong Ling had a curious expression. Zuo Qingqing was also a little puzzled.

Gong Ling leaned against Xu Tui while Zuo Qingqing leaned against Gong Ling.

“Gong Ling, why are you more anxious than me? Anyway, the position of the Year One Dragon is there. It can’t fly away.”

Gong Ling nodded and suddenly asked, “Little Tui, is it true that you were warned and punished in the academy?”

“Yes.”

Xu Tui nodded. “But it’s fine. It’ll be gone in three months.”

“However, your personal rating will be reduced by a level,” Zuo Qingqing said.

Xu Tui smiled and took the initiative to change the topic. “What about the two of you? Aren’t you going to register and give it a try?”

“How could I?”

Gong Ling crossed her fingers and looked exceptionally cute. “I’ve discussed it with Qingqing. We’ll attack tomorrow or the day after tomorrow. We’ll study our opponents first.”

“Clever!”

Xu Tui gave Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing a thumbs-up.

“Little Tui, look. It’s starting.”

At ten o’clock, the ten arenas started fighting at the same time. Most of them were students from the Extreme Branch.

The moment the battle began, it became intense.

There would be bloodshed 30 seconds into the battle.

How should he put it? The first-year students’ blood was boiling, and Gong Ling would occasionally shout.

However, in Xu Tui’s opinion, this was child’s play.

After all, the first year students had only been studying the system for three months. They were far inferior to the students from the India Sector who had participated in actual combat exchanges previously.

Xu Tui felt a little bored.

In a corner of the arena, more than 20 supernatural students, led by Che Zhan, gathered around Wen Shao. They were not in a hurry to go on stage. Instead, they analyzed the situation with Wen Shao and chose their opponents together.

The frequency of battles in the arena for the opening battle was extremely fast. On average, the challenge would end in less than two minutes. They could fight about 30 battles in an hour in the arena. That was close to 300 battles in an hour.

The intensity of the challenges between the first-year students was not high. There were very few accidents. It could be said that the speed was very fast. However, the frequency of this battle gradually slowed down after an hour and a half.

Half of the rankings on the first-year Longhu List had changed from red to human names. Another half an hour later, about 80% of the rankings were already taken.

At this moment, five students gathered around Wen Shao.

The main forces of the Supernatural Branch began to start their challenges.

In the dazzling battle, four of the five students of the Supernatural Branch sent by Wen Shao succeeded in challenging the opponent.

Moreover, three of them had yet to be challenged.

In the first two hours of the chaotic battle, more than half of the freshmen had been eliminated.

The next ranking battle was the true elite battle.

“The two of you can sit here for a while. I’ll be back soon,” Xu Tui suddenly said to Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing.

Gong Ling suddenly stood up and said happily, “Little Tui, are you going to the Year One Dragon?”

“Look at how anxious you are.” Xu Tui shook his head. “I’ll go play with Mr. Wen.” After he finished speaking, Xu Tui headed straight for the registration area for the small arena challenge.

Only Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing’s expressions changed.

The procedures for the opening battle of the Longhu List had been simplified.

However, Xu Tui still obediently put on his combat uniform.

Xu Tui remembered clearly one of Luo Shifeng’s words in his class. He had to wear protective equipment. He could not be careless!

A minute later, Xu Tui stood on the seventh small arena and challenged the 84th place on the Longhu List who had just successfully entered the arena.

When he saw that the challenger was Xu Tui, the ice-type superb individual who had just ranked 84th was a little stunned.

A student from the Supernatural Branch immediately reported to Wen Shao.

“Mr. Wen, Xu Tui has challenged the opponent.”

“The position of the Year One Dragon?” Wen Shao did not even look away. He was watching the students from Supernatural Branch fighting in the second ring.

“That’s not the case, Mr. Wen. Xu Tui challenged the 84th place on the Longhu List.”

Wen Shao was stunned. His brain seemed to have short-circuited for a moment. He did not understand what Xu Tui was doing.

Xu Tui, a first-year student, had challenged the 84th place on the Longhu List. What was going on? Did he have too much time on his hands, or was his brain damaged by the eggbeater?

However, in the next moment, Wen Shao reacted. Wasn’t the 84th place an ice-type superb individual that he had just arranged to challenge? What was Xu Tui trying to do?

In the next moment, Wen Shao suddenly shuddered.

“Oh, f*ck!”

Wen Shao cursed. He understood what Xu Tui wanted to do. He turned around and rushed towards the arena.

Before he could rush over, Wen Shao saw the ice-type superb individual suddenly fall to the ground. He was hugging his thigh and howling!

His leg was broken again!

This was Wen Shao’s first reaction!