Chapter 238 - Related Ability, Main Genetic Base Point (1)

Chapter 238: Related Ability, Main Genetic Base Point (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui had been focusing on activating the ninth genetic base point for more than ten days.

Although it was twice as difficult to activate as the eighth reaction speed genetic base point, it was not difficult for Xu Tui.

The main thing was to follow Luo Shifeng’s instructions—when developing a new genetic base point, the speed would definitely be slower. It had to be slow. This way, not only could it minimize the possible side effects to the greatest extent, but it could also avoid fatal danger.

...

Generally speaking, if a certain genetic base point was activated, it would result in irreversible damage or even in the collapse of the genome. All kinds of physical reactions would occur during the activation process.

Therefore, Xu Tui had more or less mastered the ninth reaction-type genetic base point.

The reason why he had not activated it was mainly to avoid the possible danger of pioneering. At the same time, Xu Tui was also using such pioneering to increase his pioneering experience.

After all, the probability of irreversible side effects appearing during the development of a genetic base point was very low.

Xu Tui was sitting on the chair opposite Luo Shifeng. He closed his eyes and adjusted his breathing. He entered a meditative state and switched to the illusory introspective state. His attention instantly locked onto the ninth genetic base point that was related to reaction speed.

Xu Tui did not even consume a Level E Energy Restoration Elixir before he activated it. The few pounds of fat that he had gained recently could be used as a contribution now. He would treat it as losing weight.

Just five minutes.

Under the illusory introspection state, Xu Tui lit up the ninth genetic base point in his head that was related to his reaction speed.

It turned white.

The moment it lit up, Xu Tui felt as if he had been electrocuted. It was as if his entire body had been stimulated by the electric current. The tips of his fingers, the tips of his toes, and the rest of his limbs actually felt slightly numb. This slight electric sensation lasted for a full ten minutes before gradually stopping.

Xu Tui moved his fingers slightly. He did not feel any changes. If he had to say one change, it was as if his fingers felt more relaxed. The moment his fingers were about to move, they seemed to become clearer.

He had this feeling all over his body. The more muscles he had, the more obvious this feeling was.

Xu Tui understood that this was probably what Luo Shifeng meant by the process of stimulating the growth of related neurons.

The activation of the ninth reaction-type genetic base point would stimulate the growth of the neurons in the relevant areas in a short period of time. Through the growth of the neurons at the end of the reaction speed, it would strengthen the muscle reaction speed and increase the overall reaction speed of the individual.

However, this was Xu Tui’s personal understanding.

There was only one way to transform this into the embodiment of theory—using a super-microscope to make an anatomical comparison of the number of neurons.

However, how many people were willing to contribute their limbs for vivisection research?

In any case, Xu Tui was unwilling.

However, from this level, he could already confirm that the increase in the individual’s overall reaction speed of the Genetic Ability Chain that Luo Shifeng had mentioned existed.

Of course, he still needed to do an elimination test.

For example, he could allow volunteers who had not activated their reaction speed to activate their ninth genetic base point and obtain research data.

This was more complicated and troublesome.

Of course, such a complicated and troublesome matter had to be handed over to Luo Shifeng, the great professor.

Xu Tui was now focused on the second question. Did he have the Time Distortion ability?

Luo Shifeng only had 0.05 milliseconds of time distortion.

To ordinary people, this time was so short that it could be ignored. However, to Luo Shifeng, who had a reaction speed of 0.03 milliseconds and a comprehensive reaction speed of 0.1 milliseconds, it was like an additional reaction process.

It was equivalent to Luo Shifeng performing a nerve reaction without consuming any time. It was equivalent to the time required for Luo Shifeng to directly conduct a nerve reaction that was transmitted to his body.

It was extremely awesome!

Even if this kind of time distortion only existed in the body’s internal domain and could not affect normal time outside, it was still very impressive!

In short—You think you can definitely beat me up, but you just can’t!

This was a divine evasion technique.

Xu Tui wanted to have it!

However, he did not test it immediately. Instead, he switched from illusory introspection to realistic introspection. He focused his attention and immediately began to strengthen the ninth genetic base point that was related to reaction speed.

The moment he started to focus and strengthen himself, a line suddenly extended out from the ninth genetic base point. It instantly connected the other eight genetic base points that had already been activated.

It formed a genetic chain curve.

There was indeed a genetic ability chain. Whether or not he could form a genetic chain curve in his introspection state had become a way for Xu Tui to test if he could form a genetic ability chain.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui slowly opened his eyes and saw Luo Shifeng’s anxious gaze.

“It’s done?”

Xu Tui nodded.

“That’s fast! Your lineage’s Mind Concentration activation method is indeed a shortcut. However, compared to most people, the threshold is too high. Let’s cut to the chase. Come, let me conduct a comprehensive test on you first.” Luo Shifeng did not allow Xu Tui to say anything else. He pulled Xu Tui to the various instruments in the research center and started testing him.