Chapter 234 - Give Me Another Warning If You Dare

Chapter 234: Give Me Another Warning If You Dare

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

On the seventh ring, the two teachers on duty were a little stunned.

It was just a flash.

...

In just an instant, the student opposite Xu Tui had just formed an icicle when he fell to the ground and screamed. The immense pain caused his mind power to fluctuate violently, and the newly formed icicle dissipated.

However, one of the two teachers on duty still quickly checked the injuries of the ice-type supernatural student.

The leg was pierced, but the artery was undamaged. Yes, it could only be considered a minor injury.

He was fine.

At the same time, the doctor who had been standing guard below the stage for a while also went on stage. He swept the life detector with his multi-functional hand and came to a conclusion.

“The femur is fractured. A minimally invasive fixation surgery is required. Get the medical cart out of here!”

Wen Shao had just heard the doctor’s words when he arrived. Upon hearing this, his nose almost turned crooked from anger.

His leg was really broken!

It was no different from what he had guessed.

The injury to his broken leg was nothing. He would recover in 15 days. For the next 15 days, this ice-type superb individual could continue to cultivate his mind power. It would not affect anything.

However, it would have an impact on their teaching points of the Supernatural Branch.

According to Wen Shao’s judgment, this ice-type superb individual should be able to reach around 70th place.

In other words, this ice-type superb individual represented their assessment score of about 30 points.

But now, his leg was broken. He could not participate in the next challenge. Naturally, he could not obtain the final ranking.

This meant that the Supernatural Branch had lost about 30 points in the teaching assessment.

Xu Tui was clearly going against the Supernatural Branch.

Wen Shao was furious. He even gritted his teeth in hatred.

“Eh, where’s Xu Tui?”

Wen Shao suddenly looked up and searched. He had rushed over and only saw the ice-type superb individual with a broken leg. He did not see the perpetrator, Xu Tui.

“Mr. Wen, Xu Tui has just entered the tenth ring.”

Wen Shao was stunned. He suddenly turned his head to look in the direction of Arena No. 10. He saw that Xu Tui had already started fighting the person in the 78th place on the Longhu List.

“F*ck!”

This time, Wen Shao cursed in front of the students.

Wen Shao could no longer care about his image.

The moment he quickly ran toward Arena No. 10, he saw from afar that the 78th ranked freshman on the Longhu List, who was fighting Xu Tui, had fallen to the ground while hugging his thigh.

It was a metal-element superb individual that he had arranged to go on stage more than 20 minutes ago.

Damn it!

Although he was cursing, Wen Shao suddenly felt a chill in his heart. He would be a fool if he could not see through Xu Tui’s intentions.

This really hit their weak spot!

Without a doubt, the legs of the 78th metal-elemental superb individual were broken again.

This metal-element superb individual should be able to reach the 60th place in Wen Shao’s plan.

That was to say, 40 or so points are gone.

Wen Shao was so angry that he wanted to punch someone. However, what frightened Wen Shao even more was Xu Tui’s next move.

Xu Tui, who had just won a match, actually left the arena in a flash and ran to the Arena No. 1. He had already rushed to the registration teacher to register and challenge the student in Arena 1.

He was a supernatural student who had just taken the 71st place on the Longhu List. He was also sent by Wen Shao.

Wen Shao instantly realized the seriousness of the situation. He had to stop Xu Tui. If Xu Tui continued to challenge, he would break the legs of every student he fought. There would be no need to look at the teaching assessment scores of the Supernatural Branch this year.

Then his teacher, Zheng Shaohong…

With this in mind, Wen Shao immediately rushed to Arena No. 1.

However, there were too many students gathered around the various arenas. Xu Tui might have already ended the battle over there if he were to pass through like this.

Wen Shao activated his mind power and leaped into the air, crossing the void toward Arena 1. After all, there was no obstruction in the air.

His speed was extremely fast. In just two or three seconds, Wen Shao landed below the Arena 1.

This action attracted the attention of many students who were watching the battle. They were all extremely curious.

What was going on? It actually caused a great professor of the Mystery Branch to step on air.

The moment the students looked over, Wen Shao, who had just landed, did not care about attracting attention and directly shouted.

“Shen Ziyu, just admit defeat. Don’t fight!”

This roar caused a commotion! It was a big gossip!

Previously, someone had already realized that Xu Tui was picking up challenges from the students of the Mystery Branch. He had broken his opponent’s leg the moment he challenged them.

At this moment, Professor Wen, the deputy director of the Supernatural Branch, actually asked the students of the Supernatural Branch to admit defeat.

It was impossible that there was no secret behind this.

Xu Tui and Shen Ziyu, who was currently ranked 71st, had just stood on the standard battle platform when the referee announced the start of the battle. He did not expect Wen Shao to fly over and shout for him to admit defeat.

Both the teacher on duty and Shen Ziyu were stunned.

The teacher on duty in the arena was just an ordinary teacher from the Mystery Branch. He, of course, recognized Director Wen Shao.

With Wen Shao’s roar, they stopped fighting.

Xu Tui let out a cold laugh when he saw Wen Shao rush over and ask the students to admit defeat.

“Mr. Wen, that’s not interesting.” Xu Tui’s face was full of mockery. “Are you interfering with a normal challenge on the Longhu List? Can I lodge a complaint against you now, Mr. Wen?”

Wen Shao’s expression darkened when he heard Xu Tui’s sarcasm. He did not say a word.

However, the other person in the arena, Shen Ziyu, who was ranked 71st on the Longhu List and a Supernatural Branch’s student, was a little unhappy.

“Mr. Wen, I want to fight with Xu Tui. I don’t want to admit defeat directly.”

Shen Ziyu, who was 18 or 19 years old, was in the prime of his youth. To him, it was a humiliation to admit defeat in the arena.

He did not want this humiliation!

Therefore, Shen Ziyu insisted on fighting. Even if he had to lose, he had to lose like a man!

“I said to admit defeat!”

Wen Shao emphasized loudly again. There was a hint of reprimand in his voice. However, as long as Shen Ziyu did not admit defeat, the referee on duty would not be able to announce it.

Shen Ziyu was still a little hesitant. Then, Wen Shao added, “There are two people fighting Xu Tui in front. Their legs are broken!”

Wen Shao’s words were nothing to the other students. It was just a broken leg. It was only a minor injury.

However, to Shen Ziyu, it sounded like thunder. He understood instantly!

This was because just yesterday, four of their supernatural students had their legs broken by Xu Tui, causing them to lose the right to participate in the opening battle of the Longhu List.

Now, Xu Tui had come to the arena to break his leg again.

What was Xu Tui trying to do? Was he trying to become a leg-breaking demon?

Shen Ziyu could not figure it out.

Why did Xu Tui target their Supernatural Branch and break their legs the moment they started fighting? However, even though he was confused, Shen Ziyu knew very well that once Xu Tui broke his leg, he would not be able to compete for the Longhu List.

He could only wait for his injuries to recover before he started competing again from the 100th place!

In theory, it was fine if he insisted on participating in the battle after his leg was broken. After all, the Mystery Branch mainly used supernatural energy and mind power. They did not use their legs much.

However, without strong willpower and tenacious mind power, it was impossible to fight with a broken leg. At the very least, not even a second-year student from the Mystery Branch could do that.

The reason was simple. As long as he moved, he would feel pain and his mind power would fluctuate. If his mind power was unstable, he would not be able to maintain his supernatural attacks, let alone fight.

This ability to continue fighting while injured required a certain level of training. However, there were basically no freshmen who could do that. Moreover, a broken leg would definitely become the enemy’s main focus and defense weakness.

Furthermore, Wen Shao had already made such a clear and strong request. If he continued to be stubborn, it would probably be detrimental to his future development.

Shen Ziyu immediately made a wise choice. He followed his teacher Wen Shao’s request.

“I admit defeat!”

In any case, every student had three chances to admit defeat during their challenge of the Longhu List.

This was another concept that the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had instilled in the students—life was precious!

Moreover, it did not seem embarrassing to admit defeat to Flying Sword Warrior.

In the arena, Xu Tui spread his hands toward Wen Shao when he heard Shen Ziyu admit defeat. He then gave him a thumbs-up.

“Mr. Wen, your decision is very wise! But let’s continue! If you have the guts, make all your students admit defeat! I want to see how many times they can admit defeat!”

After saying that, Xu Tui jumped off the arena and was about to leave.

Wen Shao’s gaze turned cold, but he also jumped off the arena. He followed Xu Tui to a corner where there were fewer people and stopped him.

Some students who were watching the commotion wanted to chase after them, but some students from the Supernatural Branch politely stopped them.

“Mr. Wen, why are you stopping me?”

Xu Tui looked at Wen Shao, who had stopped him. He had a mocking expression on his face. “Are you going to personally teach me a lesson? Mr. Wen, I can’t take it if you do want to fight with me. If you want to fight, I’ll get Miss An to take care of you!”

As he smiled, a row of white teeth appeared at the corner of Xu Tui’s mouth. They shone coldly under the sunlight.

Wen Shao felt a headache when he heard that. Xu Tui was too difficult to deal with.

“Xu Tui, that’s enough. Don’t go overboard,” Wen Shao suddenly said. There was a hint of submission in his tone.

To be honest, he, Wen Shao, was once a monstrous genius of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. He was the one who defeated all the geniuses in the school and eventually enrolled in the Mystery Branch.

When had he ever yielded to anyone, even just a little? However, when Wen Shao looked at Xu Tui today, he had the intention of giving in.

Not for anything else, but for his teacher and himself. They had already worked hard to climb for five years. They could not fall short just like that!

“Am I going overboard?”

Xu Tui spread out his hands. “Mr. Wen, I didn’t do anything out of line. I was just challenging them according to the rules of the school’s Longhu List. Did you discover another loophole? Of course, if you can, then I admire you, Mr. Wen. You are this!” Xu Tui gave Wen Shao a thumbs-up. “As long as you have the ability, give me a warning and punishment. I will accept it.”

Xu Tui had touched a sore spot, causing Wen Shao’s head to twitch. After a moment of silence, Wen Shao said in a low voice, “Xu Tui, doing this will not benefit either of us. Please stop.

Tell me, what do I have to do for you to stop? Do you want me to apologize?”