Chapter 232 - Many Traps

Chapter 232: Many Traps

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

In the office building of the Mystery Branch, in the vice-principal’s office.

Wen Shao sat in front of Zheng Shaohong, feeling a little nervous.

Zheng Shaohong was not only his superior, but also his mentor.

...

The fact that Wen Shao could achieve such results at such a young age was inseparable from Zheng Shaohong’s hard work over the years.

Although Wen Shao looked very amiable, his reputation in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was not just for show. He was once the youngest genetic evolver and professor in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

However, it had been overshadowed by the sudden rise of An Xiaoxue in the past few years, so it did not attract much attention.

As for Zheng Shaohong, in the entire Mystery Branch of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, he was the only one below the principal, Wen Xinglun, the heads of the Mystery Branch Mei Shen, and Wei Dajiang.

In the Supernatural Branch of the Mystery Branch, Zheng Shaohong could be considered a formidable figure.

He was currently the vice dean of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Mystery Branch, the dean of the Supernatural Branch, and the director of the 18th Supernatural Institute of the Genetic Research Institute.

Among all the positions, the most important one was the Dean of the Supernatural Branch!

Those who could hold the position of the dean of the Supernatural Branch of the Mystery Branch in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was a true powerhouse. All of them were all genetic mutants.

Wen Xinglun, the current principal of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, had been promoted from the position of the dean of the Supernatural Branch of the Mystery Branch.

In the hundred years since the Great Genetic Age, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had been through seven principals. Four of them had been the deans of the Supernatural Branch. It was not without reason that the dean of the Supernatural Branch of the Mystery Branch was secretly called the vaunt-courier of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

The director of the 18th Supernatural Institute of the Genetic Research Institute was one of the largest research institutes under the jurisdiction of the Genetic Research Institute.

On the other hand, the position of the Vice-President of the Mystery Branch was not eye-catching to Zheng Shaohong.

“Sir, Xu Tui is a little arrogant. He is also a little petty. He also has a certain amount of tricks up his sleeve. He is also very mature. Perhaps he was dissatisfied with this warning. As soon as he attacked this afternoon, he temporarily crippled four of our top 100 students…”

Xu Tui’s actions in the practical application class this afternoon had not only touched Wen Shao’s sore spot, but also touched the vital points of the Supernatural Branch.

Wen Shao felt that he had to report this matter to his teacher. After all, this year’s teaching assessment was extremely important.

“Four are temporarily crippled?” Zheng Shaohong pondered for a moment. “How many students do you have who can make it into the top 100 of the Longhu List?”

“The only one who can make it into the top 10 is probably Che Zhan. There should be 15 others who can definitely make it into the top 100. There are also about 10 others. It all depends on how they react on the spot. There are probably only 20 people who can make it into the top 100 of the Longhu List,” Wen Shao said.

This was also the problem with the Supernatural Branch of the Mystery Branch. Actually, the strength of the students from the four faculties of the Mystery Branch was in a slow-motion state. Despite that, the Supernatural Branch was faster than the other three faculties.

But on the whole, the Longhu List was usually dominated by the Extreme Branch. It was already good enough that the Mystery Branch could occupy one-fifth of the rankings.

Things would change during the second year. The students of the Mystery Branch began to exert their strength.

In the third year, more than half of the students from the Mystery Branch would be in the top 100.

“Is it enough to get first place in the assessment?” Zheng Shaohong asked.

“Enough. Sir, according to our current estimates, our Supernatural Branch should be able to get more than 700 points. It far exceeds the School of Enlightened Mind. Even if a small number of accidents happen, it’s enough to get first place in the Mystery Branch’s assessment,” Wen Shao said.

“Then what are you worried about?”

“I’m not worried about the first place in the assessment. What I’m worried about is the extra-terrestrial spot. After all, there are only five seeded candidates that we have internally determined to compete for the extra-terrestrial spot.

“This afternoon, Xu Tui had temporarily crippled two of them, including Xiang Chun. Xu Tui’s actions were always unexpected. He also had An Xiaoxue as his backer. I was afraid that something would go wrong.

“What I’m thinking is, why don’t we slow down a little for the Academy’s honors that are awarded to the students?” Wen Shao said.

“You mean, delay the report?”

“Not only should we temporarily suspend it, but the candidates for the honor award should also be temporarily emptied. The previous awards were allocated to a few seeded contestants to give them a comprehensive score.

“We’ll see how it goes. We’ll see who gets the best ranking on the Longhu List out of the remaining three seeded candidates. We’ll add most of the merit points to that student. We can guarantee that he would be able to obtain the first place in the individual overall evaluation and fight for that extra-terrestrial spot.

“This way, our Supernatural Branch will be able to reach an extra-terrestrial spot,” Wen Shao said.

Hearing this, Zheng Shaohong nodded.

“This method is feasible. I can hold on to the reward documents here for a day or two without any problems. However, this way, your student, Xiang Chun, would suffer a huge loss. The extra-terrestrial spot was originally given to him,” Zheng Shaohong said.

“We might have a chance next year.” Wen Shao’s expression was a little ugly.

“According to the rules, with your level, you can only accept one special student every three years. Moreover, it’s not easy to choose a suitable special student. In the next three years, this special student would be your pride. It was just like how you and I worked back then.

“Everyone says that I, Zheng Shaohong, have made you, Wen Shao. But on the other hand, didn’t you, Wen Shao, make me Zheng Shaohong?”

Wen Shao hurriedly stood up in fear. “Sir, you’re being too serious. How can I be worthy of this?”

“Have a seat!” Zheng Shaohong waved his hand. “Why are you being so reserved? Even if I can’t say that you, Wen Shao, have made me, Zheng Shaohong, Wen Shao, you were indeed my strongest support during those years. Whoever is not convinced, we’ll drag the students out and pinch them!”

As he spoke, Zheng Shaohong seemed to have thought of something interesting and started laughing.

“Therefore, your student Xiang Chun can’t fall behind in the matter of the extra-terrestrial. Otherwise, how can you inherit my position?”

Zheng Shaohong patted the chair beneath him meaningfully.

“Let me arrange it. It’s just a small price to pay. There are many other types of spots in our school.”

“I’ll have to trouble you again.” Wen Shao quickly thanked him.

Zheng Shaohong waved his hand indifferently. “You and I are teacher and student. Why do you keep talking nonsense? Don’t worry about that. In the next three days, you just have to do a good job in the teaching assessment.

“You know, this year is crucial to me. Dean Mei had been away for two years. If nothing went wrong, he would be back by the end of the year or next year. Once he returned, his strength would definitely increase and he would be promoted.

“He already had the positions of vice-principal and the school board. When the time came, he would definitely have one more position, be it being a member of the Huaxia Genetic Committee or the vice-chairman of the Genetic Research Institute.”

“However, if he had one more title, it meant that his position of the dean of the Mystery Branch would be removed. Then when the time comes, the position of dean will belong to you, Sir.” Wen Shao smiled.

Zheng Shaohong waved his hand again. “We can’t be that optimistic. However, in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the Supernatural Branch is the Mystery Branch. Ever since I took over the Supernatural Branch four years ago, Our Supernatural Branch has always been first in the teaching assessment.

“It was already the fifth year of this year. If our Supernatural Branch continued to be first for the fifth consecutive year, then according to the school’s rules, I would definitely be able to take the special exams.

“At that time, even if Wen Xinglun wanted Wei Dajiang to ascend the throne and suppress me, he would not be able to suppress me! So, you understand?”

As he spoke, Zheng Shaohong straightened his body slightly, and his expression became a little serious.

“Don’t worry, Sir! After the Year One Longhu List is released tomorrow, I’ll personally go down and be the instructor for the students of the Supernatural Branch. I will definitely get first place in this year’s teaching assessment!” Wen Shao promised.

“Alright. Why don’t you come to my house for dinner tonight? You’re alone anyway. I’ll get my wife to cook your favorite fried fish!”

…

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sense of satisfaction after leaving the Eco-Combat Combat Arena.

As long as Wen Shao did not secretly dig a hole for Xu Tui, Xu Tui would not find trouble with him. Moreover, this was not the first time that he had used the rules to dig a hole for him.

Did they really think that Xu Tui was made of clay?

Most importantly, Wen Shao’s actions were indeed stealing food from Xu Tui.

He had just received a call from the logistics center. He had received a warning and punishment. Therefore, according to the rules, the current personal rating would drop by one level, from high-grade Level C to mid-grade Level C.

Starting from next month, the level of treatment Xu Tui received from the school would be reduced by one level for three months.

The most obvious change was that five bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir would become four bottles every month, and this was only one of the items! Even after the individual level evaluation was re-evaluated and updated, the individual level evaluation would still drop by one level within three months.

Just as Xu Tui had said, he was very generous when he was generous. He was also very stingy when it came to it.

An eye for an eye. If Wen Shao dug a hole for me, then I, Xu Tui, would have to dig at least two holes, right?

The more the merrier!

This was only the first wave in today’s combat class. The opening battle of the Longhu List tomorrow was the highlight!

At 6:30, Xu Tui continued to deliver food to An Xiaoxue at Research Institute No. 14.

There were lotus root slices and mushroom white jade soup. An Xiaoxue ate less for dinner.

“Did Wen Shao give you a warning?”

During the meal, An Xiaoxue suddenly asked.

“Yes.”

“Then, you crippled four students from the Supernatural Branch today, which include Wen Shao’s special student?” An Xiaoxue asked again.

Xu Tui nodded again.

“Are you planning to take revenge on Wen Shao?”

“I guess so. He tricked me continuously. I have to trick him a few times,” Xu Tui said.

An Xiaoxue picked up a piece of lotus root and chewed it a few times before speaking slowly.

“We don’t have many Genetic Miracles, so everyone has to be independent. If you want to do it, do it. But you have to think twice before you act!” An Xiaoxue said.

“I understand, Miss An.”

After a pause, An Xiaoxue added, “Remember, all your current actions must be within the rules.”

Xu Tui nodded. At the same time, he suddenly thought of something. “Miss An, what if we do something outside the rules?”

An Xiaoxue’s expression suddenly became serious. She put down her chopsticks and looked at Xu Tui.

“If you do anything outside the rules, contact me immediately!”

Xu Tui was a little stunned by her sternness.