Chapter 231 - Let'S Continue

Chapter 231: Let’s Continue

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

At the window of the office building 500 meters away, Wen Shao jumped up like a big bird. After quickly sliding 50 to 60 meters, he jumped up again at an extremely fast speed. He covered the 500 meters in less than seven seconds.

It was several times faster than the speed of an ordinary person.

Xu Tui calmly watched Wen Shao rush over. However, in Wen Shao’s eyes, Xu Tui’s smile looked more like a sneer.

...

Wen Shao gently landed on the ground. He stared coldly at Xu Tui before turning to size up Xiang Chun and the other three. From the looks of it, their injuries were not serious. There was a penetrating wound on their thighs, but it did not injure their arteries.

It was just that Xiang Chun and the other three fell to the ground at the same time, so the situation was a little shocking.

Without close physical contact, no matter how strong Wen Shao’s mind power was, he could not determine the injuries of the four students.

However, there were no fatal injuries.

“Have you called the medical team of the Emergency Medical Center?” Wen Shao asked the teaching assistant.

“I did!” A teaching assistant answered, “They’ll be here in two minutes.”

Compared to Wen Shao’s gloomy expression, the teaching assistants were fine. It was normal for students to be injured during actual combat. Recently, the Year One Longhu List was about to start. The number of students who entered the emergency treatment center every day due to actual combat training had doubled.

In actual combat, as long as there were no deaths or serious injuries, it was not a big deal.

Injured? This was very normal!

The moment he saw the message from the teaching assistant, he was told that Xu Tui was fighting against the students from the Mystery Branch. It was a one-on-four battle. He asked if he wanted to come over and take a look.

One against four? Wen Shao’s first reaction was that Xu Tui might cause trouble. If the incident with Deng Wei and the others happened again, he would have to bear a portion of the responsibility even though Xu Tui would be in a lot of trouble.

Fortunately, their injuries did not seem serious. It did not seem to be as serious as Wen Shao had imagined.

“Xu Tui, what are you doing here?” Wen Shao subconsciously asked Xu Tui.

However, as soon as he said that, Wen Shao knew that he had said something wrong.

Of course, this was not because Wen Shao was careless. In fact, all the first-year teachers knew that Xu Tui did not need to attend the first-year combat application class at the Mystery Branch.

That included Bian Yuan.

Everyone thought so. No one would look for trouble with Xu Tui because he did not need to attend an actual combat class. However, such a loophole was found by Wen Shao and became an attack point.

“I, of course, am here for the practical application class!” Xu Tui had a faint smile on his face. “I didn’t attend the practical combat class previously, but you directly gave me a warning and punishment, Mr. Wen. If I didn’t come, who would I reason with if you expelled me?”

Xu Tui’s words were laced with sarcasm.

Wen Shao’s expression became even gloomier. He could tell that Xu Tui had come with a grudge. He could basically confirm that Xu Tui was here to cause trouble. Therefore, he rushed over from the window in a hurry. However, he did not manage to make it in time.

However, their injuries did not seem serious.

In the next moment, Wen Shao seemed to have thought of something and his expression changed drastically.

The surrounding students were confused.

Warning punishment? Professor Wen Shao actually gave Xu Tui a warning? That was why Xu Tui was forced to attend the practical combat class.

There seemed to be a problem here.

Students who could come to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were not stupid. Many students instantly thought of something. Then, they looked at the four students who had fallen to the ground. The students who understood the situation immediately gritted their teeth.

Was Xu Tui fighting with the director of the first year, Wen Shao? However, when they thought about what happened to Deng Wei two months ago, they realized that it was not surprising.

Wen Shao quickly walked in front of Xiang Chun. He bent down and placed his palm on Xiang Chun’s thigh. Wen Shao’s gloomy expression instantly turned ugly.

His bones were injured!

The special student under his name, Xiang Chun, was actually his disciple. There was a high chance that Xiang Chun’s thigh bone had been broken. His thigh bone was broken, but it was not a big deal now. He was not even seriously injured.

The emergency treatment center will use both the circulation-stimulating medicine and the bone-growth medicine. With energy replenishment, it would recover in half a month.

Half a month?

Wen Shao’s eyes suddenly burned with anger.

Half a month!

Xu Tui had calculated the time really well.

The Longhu List will start tomorrow. The ranking would last for three days. After the Year One Longhu List ended in three days, the individual comprehensive assessment of the first-year students would begin next Monday.

It would last for three days.

The day after the individual comprehensive assessment of the freshmen ended, it would be the teaching results assessment and ranking of the teachers in the Mystery Branch of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Regardless of whether it was the individual comprehensive assessment of the freshmen, the teaching results assessment of the teachers of the Mystery Branch, or the rankings in the Longhu List, they were directly reflected in the teaching results assessment in the form of points.

In the teaching results assessment, if a student from the Supernatural Branch of the Mystery Branch ended up in the top 95 of the Longhu List, the student would receive five points.

If Xiang Chun obtained 11th place on the Longhu List, the Supernatural Branch would obtain 89 points.

Subtracting the ranking from 100 would be the respective branch’s teaching assessment results, so the 100th place is 1 point.

Other than that, the Tiger of the First Year’s assessment points would have an additional 50% increment, the Dragon of the First Year’s assessment points would be doubled, and the third to tenth students’ assessment points were increased by 10%.

They had basically given up on the position of a first-year Dragon in their plan.

The students did not have a clear understanding, but how could their teachers not have one? The current Xu Tui was not someone a freshman could deal with. Therefore, if they wanted to get first place in the teaching results assessment, they would have to rely on the number of students who had entered the Longhu List.

Even if Xu Tui managed to be the Dragon of the first year, he would only get 200 points.

However, in the Supernatural Branch, as long as a certain number of students entered the top 100 and accumulated enough points, they would be able to surpass Xu Tui and obtain 200 points.

In this aspect, the Supernatural Branch would definitely win.

The reason why the Supernatural Branch had issued a warning to Xu Tui through Wen Shao was because of the extra-terrestrial spot in the overall assessment. No matter how awesome you are, you will still become a Cinderella when your evaluation dropped by one grade!

Then the extra-terrestrial spot would belong to the Supernatural Branch.

As for Xu Tui, he already had an extra-terrestrial spot as a first-year Dragon. It did not seem to affect him much.

It was a perfect plan!

However, at this moment, Wen Shao suddenly realized that Xu Tui had hit their weak spot.

If the four students all had a fractured thigh bone, it meant that they would not be able to participate in the opening battle of the Year 1 Longhu List tomorrow. Being unable to participate in the opening battle of the Longhu List did not affect these four students much.

When they recovered from their injuries, they could continue to make their way up the rankings and make up for their individual comprehensive assessment.

However, it would have a huge impact on the teaching assessment of the Supernatural Branch.

These four students were the main force chosen by the Supernatural Branch.

Xiang Chun was a student who could enter the top ten of the Year One Longhu List. The other three also had the strength to enter the top 30 or 40 of the Year One Longhu List.

Not to mention that the Year One Longhu List would start normally. If these four students were to perform normally, they would definitely be able to obtain more than 200 points for the Supernatural Branch.

However, Xu Tui had crippled them in just one battle. They could not participate in the opening battle of the Year One Longhu List.

The students were not affected, and Xu Tui was not affected. What was affected were the points for the Supernatural Branch’s assessment!

The anger in Wen Shao’s heart was indescribable! He had exceptionally high hopes for his student, Xiang Chun. He still wanted to win a few awards in school this year to lay the foundation for his future promotion. The start of the Year One Longhu List was the most important opportunity.

In the future, if he wanted to obtain the school’s recognition, he would have to be on the list for three months before he could obtain the school’s recognition. It was very difficult!

Xu Tui was too evil! He had directly destroyed a small portion of Wen Shao’s personal honor this year and even caused some trouble for Supernatural Branch’s goal of being first in the assessment this year.

However, what made Wen Shao vomit blood the most was not here!

All of this was flawless! Damn, it was too in line with the school rules!

Xu Tui had destroyed Wen Shao’s personal honor for half a year and caused trouble for the Supernatural Branch’s goal of being the first place in the assessment this year. All of his actions were within the rules.

He, Wen Shao, the head of the grade and the main lecturer of the practical combat class, could not find any flaws. He could not flare up even if he wanted to.

Were his classmates seriously injured? No, they weren’t.

It was normal for one to be injured in an actual combat training with the evolution of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. It was impossible for every student not to be injured. That would be abnormal. Otherwise, why would they need to spar?

The only thing they had to avoid was death and severe disability. Only when these two situations occurred would the school intervene in the investigation.

It was also because of this that Wen Shao could not find a way to criticize Xu Tui. Even if a one-on-four was a little too arrogant, Xu Tui had won.

Wen Shao squatted there and touched the broken leg of the special student, Xiang Chun. His face was ashen and he was speechless for a long time. He looked like he was about to suffer internal injuries.

If he had not given Xu Tui a warning, Wen Shao could have scolded Xu Tui for bullying them here with his strength. But now, he could not even mention it.

Xu Tui had been forced to take the practical combat course because of his warning.

At this moment, Wen Shao was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. He was at a disadvantage. He even suffered a huge loss.

A vehicle from the emergency center quickly rushed over. A few doctors quickly checked the injuries and immediately came to a conclusion.

“Professor Wen, all four of them have fractured thigh bones. They will need about 15 days to recover. We will take them away to deal with their injuries.”

The emergency doctor’s words made Wen Shao’s expression turn even darker.

Xu Tui, who was standing at the side, had already started shouting, “I’m going to play with six people. Are there any students who dare to come?”

This time, none of the students actively accepted the challenge. They were not stupid. Of course, there were also people who were tempted.

At the side, Wen Shao was anxious.

F*ck, you still want to play? If there were a few more waves, the Supernatural Branch would not be able to participate in the teaching assessment this year.

“The opening of the Year 1 Longhu List is imminent. You are not allowed to engage in a battle royale!”

Wen Shao directly announced a last-minute decision. This was his right as a lecturer.

“Everyone, disperse. Recuperate well and prepare for the opening battle of the Year 1 Longhu List tomorrow!” Wen Shao’s prestige as a professor was unquestionable. With a shout, the students around the venue dispersed.

Moreover, Wen Shao’s words and the injuries of the four students had already reminded them.

In the past few days, they had been preparing for the Year One Longhu List. As for challenging Xu Tui, the legendary Flying Sword Warrior, they would take their time in the future.

Xu Tui looked at Wen Shao as the students dispersed. Wen Shao was also looking at Xu Tui.

“Mr. Wen, you called me here to participate in the combat application class. You’re not letting them fight me now. What do you mean by this? Why don’t you take back my punishment?” Xu Tui bared his teeth at Wen Shao.

Wen Shao frowned.

“Xu Tui, I’m giving you a warning to warn you and save you. Don’t take the opportunity to cause trouble for me…”

Xu Tui scoffed at this. “Mr. Wen, where’s your shame? You were about to screw me. You slapped me and now you want me to bow and thank you? Are you dreaming, or are you used to it? Mr. Wen, my words are the same, I’m very stingy. If you take my things, you’ll have to spit them all out!”

After saying that, Xu Tui turned around and left. “Mr. Wen, we’ll continue!”

Wen Shao was left behind with an ugly expression!