Chapter 230 - Unbounded Arrogance

Chapter 230: Unbounded Arrogance

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“That, that student with the hat.”

Amidst the shouts, Xu Tui casually picked a student from the Mystery Branch. He was not tall, but he was wearing a baseball cap. At this moment, he was raising his hands high.

The student clenched his fists and cheered when he was chosen by Xu Tui.

...

“Wait for me, wait for me to put on my combat uniform!”

The other students who were not chosen all looked disappointed. Moreover, Xu Tui had chosen a male student this time. The few students who were about to disguise themselves as sissies were momentarily speechless.

They could only hope for the next time.

Xu Tui stood on the stage and looked at the disappointed students. He suddenly said, “Why don’t we have another student? I’ll fight two students at once! One-on-one, I don’t feel any pressure!”

Holy shit! The freshmen from the Mystery Branch immediately exploded!

There was no pressure to fight one-on-one! Xu Tui was going to fight one against two! This was too f*cking arrogant!

Many people knew that Xu Tui indeed had the ability to take on two people by himself based on the strength he had displayed during the actual combat exchange with the India Sector. However, it did not feel good to hear Xu Tui publicly announce it on stage.

They were very unhappy!

They were extremely unhappy!

They were both freshmen, but Xu Tui wanted to fight two of them at once. Wasn’t he looking down on them a little too much?

“Come, let me do it. Let me do it. I’ll knock you down!”

“Xu Tui, choose me if you have the guts!”

Xu Tui’s arrogant words immediately aroused the indignation of many students from the Mystery Branch.

To be honest, in a one-on-one battle, they simply wanted to increase their combat comprehension and experience the terror of Flying Sword Warrior. The chances of winning were extremely low. It was an extravagant hope.

However, it was different when it was one against two. Many people felt that the chances of winning should be higher if it was one against two.

At the same time, the number one genius of the Mystery Branch of the freshmen, Che Zhan, was also thinking the same thing. However, compared to the other students, he paid more attention to Xu Tui.

Therefore, although many students were clamoring around, Che Zhan was still observing.

Xu Tui had yet to choose his second combat classmate. Immediately, a student who was not convinced started to jeer, “Xu Tui, what’s the use of fighting one against two? If you have the guts, fight one against three!”

“One against three, sure!” Xu Tui raised his eyebrows and immediately agreed. “However, you have to be careful if it’s one against three. Because if it’s one against three, I might have to use my full strength!”

When they heard Xu Tui’s words, some of the students immediately became interested. They might not be able to defeat Xu Tui in a one-on-two situation, but what about a one-on-three situation? Could they not win?

“Then choose two more. We’ll fight you one-on-three!

“To be honest, your battle with Zuo Qingqing just now was too boring. It was so soft. I didn’t see your strength at all,” a student shouted.

“Sure.”

Another student spoke just as Xu Tui was choosing his target.

“Xu Tui, you’re going to use your full strength when it’s one against three. Do you dare to fight against four people?”

Xu Tui had yet to answer when another student started scolding him.

“Kid, can you be any more shameless? We’re all in the first year. A one-on-three is already very abnormal. You still want to fight one-on-four? Where’s your shame?”

“Isn’t he Flying Sword Warrior? Besides, he was the one who said he wanted one against two! He had agreed to fight one against three too! I’m just asking!” The student said indignantly.

Xu Tui bared his teeth when he heard that. “I might be able to give it a try if it’s one against four. I’ll choose the person. If you’re willing to come up, let’s try one against four. The one in the white fire shirt, the one playing with water, and the student playing with mud balls. Including the one from before, the four of you will do.”

Xu Tui quickly called out.

The surrounding students exploded again. He really called out four! It was really a one-on-four!

The four people he had chosen were all very strong.

Che Zhan was also extremely shocked. Xu Tui was really going to fight the four of them alone. This confidence was really powerful! Of course, he was also very arrogant.

Was he treating year one genius like nothing? One-on-one and one-on-two were within the normal range. However, the difficulty of fighting one against three was completely different. Not to mention one against four!

Amidst the students’ shock, the four students that Xu Tui had chosen also gathered together. After a short discussion, they were certain.

One against four! After all, it was not embarrassing to lose to Xu Tui. However, such an opportunity was too rare.

The four students that Xu Tui had pointed out were all from the Supernatural Branch.

Two fire, one water, and one earth. It could be considered a more scientific team and also a more difficult one. It had offense and defense, and its attack form was very comprehensive.

The four students were led by the male student in the baseball cap. In just a minute, the four of them had roughly come up with a plan of attack.

Xu Tui was not anxious at all. He waited quietly. It was a pleasant surprise for someone to ask for a one-on-three or even one-on-four.

He had originally thought that he would only be able to achieve one or two goals today. He did not expect that someone would come up to him like this and allow him to complete the four goals of the plan.

Of course, Xu Tui had come to this combat training class today to look for trouble by conducting these combat training classes that had no nutritional value to him.

The male student in the baseball cap was Xu Tui’s first target. His name was Xiang Chun. According to the various data that Ah Huang had gathered, he was one of the top ten genius students in the Mystery Branch this year. His combat strength was also very powerful.

Based on the combat strength he displayed, he could even be ranked in the top five of the Year One Mystery Branch.

Of course, he had another identity. He was a special student.

Xiang Chun was Wen Shao’s special student.

Not many students knew about this information. After all, it was only stored in the school’s database and would not be shown off.

However, Ah Huang had gathered this information.

Xu Tui did not ask how he managed to gather the information, but it was enough to make Xiang Chun his number one target.

Since Wen Shao and the rest of the people from the Supernatural Branch dared to use Xu Tui as an excuse to protect the interests of the Supernatural Branch, Xu Tui would dare to strike back at them from the most unexpected angle.

Soon, the four students led by Xiang Chun put on their combat uniforms and went on stage.

The four of them fanned out and stood ten meters away from Xu Tui.

Seeing four students getting onto the combat stage at the same time, this scene immediately attracted the attention of the rest of the teaching assistants. They only acted as guards when the students had actual combat exchanges. It was to prevent students from accidentally dying or being crippled because they could not stop.

It was mainly to guard against these two points. It did not matter if they were injured.

“What are they doing?” the assistant asked.

“Xu Tui wants to fight one against four.”

“One against four?”

The teaching assistant was a little stunned. “Xu Tui, do you have any problems?”

“No.”

Xu Tui was very certain.

“Please be careful, teachers, in case anything happens,” Xu Tui added.

As the teaching assistants nodded, one of them said worriedly, “It’s one against four. There are more people. Should we invite Director Wen over?”

“I don’t think we need to, do we?”

“We should be careful. Let’s inform Director Wen.”

An assistant teacher immediately sent a message to Wen Shao. However, at the same time, the actual combat training between Xu Tui and the four students had begun.

The actual combat training in the combat training class was very casual.

“Ready!”

“Start!”

A student acted as the referee.

The moment his voice fell, the four students attacked Xu Tui at the same time.

The earth-element supernatural student was the fastest. He took a step forward and waved his hand. An earth spike shot out from two meters in front of Xu Tui and shot toward him. Currently, the mind power of an earth-element superb individual was limited, and the summoning range of the Earth Spike was also limited.

Almost at the same time, the water-type superb individual threw out a circle of water droplets with his water-stained hand. Four water droplets formed four water shields in front of the four people who were participating in the battle. The other water droplet turned into a water arrow and shot toward Xu Tui.

The other two fire-element superb individuals were the slowest, but their attacks were the sharpest.

One of them tapped his fingers together. With every tap, a small rocket shot toward Xu Tui.

In comparison, Xiang Chun’s attack was very stunning. As he opened and closed his hands slightly, Xiang Chun threw a large fire whip at Xu Tui.

In an instant, Xu Tui was facing an all-round attack.

All the students present held their breaths as they watched this one-on-four battle!

Xu Tui did not make any unnecessary movements. He used his mental shield to block the Earth Spike and the Fire Whip. He dodged those small fire arrows that were fired continuously easily as their speed was even slower than Zuo Qingqing’s lightning.

The moment it flashed past, four Alloy Silver Pills spiraled out. As soon as the silver pills appeared, both the spectators and the participants became nervous.

“Attack according to the plan!” Xiang Chun let out a low shout.

At this moment, the earth-type superb individual pressed his hands down slightly. The ground under Xu Tui’s feet suddenly became extremely soft.

The ground caved in. However, the moment the ground caved in, Xu Tui took a step to the side and turned around, avoiding the area that had caved in.

“Continue!” Xiang Chun roared angrily.

His fire whip was still restraining Xu Tui, but the other fire-type superb individual had already given up on attacking. He began to condense balls of flames.

The aura of the flames in the air became extremely dense.

The water-type superb individual, on the other hand, was in charge of defense. He kept stacking water shields on the four of them.

The moment Xu Tui dodged, the earth-element superb individual let out a sharp cry and waved his hand. As he was close to Xu Tui, he summoned an earth spike under Xu Tui’s feet.

He sensed the appearance of the earth spike.

Xu Tui sneered. He raised his foot slightly, a mental brick instantiated below his foot and he stepped down!

Bang!

Xu Tui stomped on the ground and crushed the spikes.

While the earth-element superb individual was in a daze, Xiang Chun suddenly roared and rubbed his hands together. In an instant, he used the extremely dense flame aura in the air to create four fire whips.

The four fire whips blocked off all of Xu Tui’s escape routes and shot toward him.

At the same time, a powerful mind power fluctuation suddenly appeared in the office in the distance. This mind power fluctuation was so powerful that even Xu Tui, who was almost 500 meters away from the office, could sense it.

In an instant, a thought appeared in Xu Tui’s mind—the game was over! If it did not end soon, he would not have another chance!

That powerful mind power fluctuation was most likely released by Wen Shao.

Wen Shao might be rushing over soon!

To Xu Tui, although it was not too difficult to fight one against four, this method of fighting was quite challenging. If it were not for the sudden burst of mind power, he would have wanted to fight for a while longer.

Two huge mental shields spread out like closed eggshells, blocking the concentrated fire of Xiang Chun’s four fire whips.

Sparks flew in all directions!

At the same time, the shrill sound of the Alloy Silver Pill piercing through the air and the screams of the four superb-type students sounded at the same time.

All the students who were watching the battle felt a silver light flash before the four students from the Supernatural Branch screamed and fell to the ground. It was also at this moment that Xu Tui casually took a step to the side and dodged another earth-element attack.

At this moment, the students watching the battle realized that the four superb individuals were hugging their thighs and groaning in pain.

The four alloy silver pills hovered in the air.

At the office building 500 meters away, Wen Shao, who had just seen the message, directly jumped out of the window. He stepped into the air and leaped and landed. He could cross a distance of dozens of meters.

Wen Shao quickly covered the 500-meter distance.