Chapter 246 - I Despise You From The Bottom Of My Heart (1)

Chapter 246: I Despise You From the Bottom of My Heart (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, Feng Chang’an, please get ready! Please pay attention to the projection screen in front of you. The moment the five-second countdown ends and the light screen dissipates, the battle will begin!” Qu Qingshan said.

Compared to the battles on the Longhu List, the challenges on the Longhu Overall Rankings were more professional and rigorous.

From a scientific point of view, under the extremely fast reaction speed, the referee’s voice could still be heard. Using the projection screen as a partition would have the least impact.

...

At this moment, Feng Chang’an retracted his saber slightly behind him and squatted down slightly. Both his knees and waist were slightly bent.

This was the best attack posture.

Feng Chang’an was going to end the battle quickly.

Xu Tui loosened his grip slightly. The three Alloy Silver Pills suddenly flew up and began to slowly circle above his head. With a soft buzz, the silver flying sword hanging around his neck suddenly jumped up and circled around.

The countdown on the projection screen also began at this moment.

Five.

Four.

…

The moment the countdown started, many video account holders and hosts had already started live-streaming.

However, the most-watched live broadcast was the official live broadcast account of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

In an instant, the comments flooded the screen!

“Senior Feng, press Xu Tui to the ground and rub him again!”

“Teach him a lesson! Strike him hard!”

“Let him know that Senior will always be his Senior!”

“Senior Feng, please beat him up!”

…

During the countdown, the bullet comments on the various live-streaming accounts became a huge mess.

Of course, most of them were denouncing Xu Tui as a joke.

The first-year students did not like such a powerful student.

The second-year, third-year, and even fourth-year seniors hated such arrogant juniors even more! They would be letting down the address of a senior if they did not teach him a lesson!

Amidst the barrage of comments, the countdown on the projection screen on the main stage finally reached zero!

It instantly disappeared.

The battle began!

At this moment, Feng Chang’an let out a roar from his palm. The muscles on his entire body suddenly expanded. The long saber behind him instantly turned into a dim bolt of lightning.

There was a faint sound of thunder. He had attacked!

As soon as Feng Chang’an attacked, he activated all his support abilities and slashed out his most powerful Thunder Blade.

According to Ah Huang’s information, his energy field could produce a 12-meter-long thunder blade. He slashed out with his saber. The saber’s aura was endless and as fast as lightning.

Among the third-year students, those who could withstand Feng Chang’an’s three strikes were considered strong.

However, the moment Feng Chang’an slashed out with his Thunder Blade, a short but powerful mind power fluctuation suddenly erupted.

Mental Whip!

The moment the battle started, a mental whip landed on Feng Chang’an’s head.

Feng Chang’an felt a sharp pain in his head and his body twitched. His strength instantly dissipated. The thunder blade that had just slashed out suddenly slowed down, and so did the saber momentum.

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Xu Tui’s mental whip did not show any signs of stopping. The three consecutive mental whips were completed in an instant, causing Feng Chang’an’s hand that was holding the saber to tremble continuously.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

A shrill sound rang out almost at the same time.

Two alloy silver pills that had already completed their rotation and acceleration instantly blasted into Feng Chang’an’s thigh.

However, Xu Tui’s eyebrows twitched the moment the Alloy Silver Pill hit Feng Chang’an’s thigh.

The silver ball smashed into Feng Chang’an’s thigh and broke his thigh bone. Just as it was about to pierce through, it was locked in place by Feng Chang’an’s extremely powerful muscles. It did not pierce through his legs!

This was the first time Xu Tui had encountered a situation where his Silver Pill was sealed by his opponent’s muscles.

Feng Chang’an was really strong!

However, that was it!

At the same time, the flying sword turned into a silver light and shot towards Feng Chang’an’s forehead!

“Oh, f*ck!”

Seeing this scene, Qu Qingshan’s mind power suddenly sank as he protected Feng Chang’an.

There was still time!

However, Qu Qingshan did not know if the mental force field that had suddenly sunk could block Xu Tui’s flying sword and save Feng Chang’an.

If it break through his head, he would definitely die!

However, just as the silver light formed by the flying sword blasted into Feng Changan’s glabella, the angle of the flying sword deviated slightly and directly bypassed Feng Changan’s ear.

Qu Qingshan’s mental force field missed.

Feng Chang’an looked at the flying sword that flew past his eyebrows, and his face instantly turned pale!

It was only at this moment that the intense pain from the broken bones in his legs and thighs could not be suppressed. Feng Chang’an could no longer stand steadily. He flipped over and fell to the ground. He forced himself to lean on his saber and half-squat on the ground!

After writing so much, everything actually happened in an instant.

In terms of total time, it might not even take a second. In the eyes of the students watching the battle, it was a completely different scene.

Feng Chang’an’s saber suddenly stopped. A sharp whistle sounded, and Feng Chang’an fell to the ground. Blood flowed from his legs!

What attack had Xu Tui launched? How did Feng Chang’an lose? How did Xu Tui win? What happened?

Everyone was dumbfounded! The bullet screen of the live broadcast instantly flashed.

“F*ck, f*ck, f*ck…”

“Can someone tell me what happened!”

“Someone explain yourself!”

Below the stage of the Longhu Arena, the audience was silent!

The seniors who had shouted the loudest just now all fell silent.