Chapter 243 - Just A Reference?

Chapter 243: Just a Reference?

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Actually, the opening battle of the Year One Longhu List had always attracted a lot of attention.

It was not just the first-year students. The second-year and third-year seniors, and even some fourth-year seniors would continue to pay attention. After all, about a third of the juniors who could kill their way onto the Longhu Overall Rankings would be able to do so in the future.

Especially the second-year students, they paid a lot of attention.

...

That was because next year, when they were in their third year, they would begin a large-scale assault on the Longhu Overall Rankings. The person who poked their butts and pulled them off the Longhu Overall Rankings might very well be a freshman.

As the saying went, know your enemy and you will win every battle. With such an attitude, many second-year students came to watch the battle. Especially on the last day of the ranking battle, there were quite a number of second-year students watching the battle.

Even the second-year Tiger, Cui Xi, had come.

As a second-year Tiger, he had a commander-in-chief buff, together with his forthright and brave style, a large group of second-year Longhu List seniors gathered around him.

Yan Xuejin, Zhang Changtai, Tao Guan, Miao Huanshan, Xie Yan, Wang Qiu, and the others were all watching the battle from afar.

Occasionally, they would comment. Most of the time, however, they shook their heads.

“This won’t do. This batch of juniors is too weak!

“Up until now, only Peter is barely passable. The others are completely useless.” Zhang Changtai shook his head and sighed. He sighed with a sense of superiority. If this batch of juniors could not do it, then their seniors would naturally be even more powerful.

“Xu Tui has not attacked yet.”

Miao Huanshan’s words made Zhang Changtai’s expression stiffen slightly.

The smile on Tao Guan’s face instantly disappeared. Two months ago, Xu Tui had cut off Tao Guan’s bowstring with a flying sword and injured him instead. To Tao Guan, this had always been a humiliation.

“That’s true. The juniors this year are very strange. No one is fighting for the position of the first-year Dragon. Xu Tui, who is qualified to fight, stopped fighting after he broke two legs. What exactly is he doing?”

There was nothing to see at all!” Wang Qiu looked puzzled.

“I heard that Xu Tui is arm-wrestling with Wen Shao, the Year Head of the Mystery Branch.” Compared to Cui Xi, Zhang Changtai, who had a more tactful personality, was more well-informed.

“Mr. Wen is a professor and a genetic evolver. He is also the Year 1 Head of the Year. Isn’t Xu Tui asking for trouble by arm-wrestling with him?” Yan Xuejin asked in confusion.

“However, he also succeeded. He forced Mr. Wen to make all of his seeded candidates in the Supernatural Branch not dare to challenge him. That’s because Xu Tui will break their legs if they go on stage.”

“How did that happen?”

“It’s said that Director Wen Shao secretly gave Xu Tui a warning. Of course, the deeper reason is that it involves the first place in the freshman comprehensive assessment.”

Even the second-year tiger, Cui Xi, frowned slightly.

They had all been there. He naturally understood what the first place in the individual assessment meant. Last year, they had also fought tooth and nail for it.

As for how great the benefits were, Cui Xi understood.

Cui Xi had been ranked first in the comprehensive individual assessment of the Extreme Branch last year. Now, he had been sitting firmly in the position of a second-year Tiger for three months.

Cui Xi was ranked 79th on the Longhu Overall Rankings. Moreover, this was his ranking two months ago.

As for the difference, Yan Xuejin, who was ranked fourth on the Longhu List, could tell.

Yan Xuejin was currently ranked fourth on the Year Two Longhu List of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. She was ranked 89th in the Longhu Overall Rankings.

However, Yan Xuejin’s last challenge was three days ago.

That was the difference.

Last year, the first place in the individual overall assessment of the Mystery Branch and last year’s overall assessment belonged to one person—the second-year Dragon, Dai Lijun. However, the second-year Dragon, Dai Lijun, had been out recently and had not challenged the overall rankings.

Once Dai Lijun challenged the overall rankings, his ranking would definitely be higher than Cui Xi’s.

This was because with Cui Xi’s personality, he would have challenged Dai Lijun the moment he had the possibility of defeating him.

The title of a second-year Dragon was something that Cui Xi and the others could not refuse, be it honor, reputation, or the benefits it represented.

If he had the strength, of course.

“Of course. It’s said that Xu Tui did this to take revenge on Wen Shao and the entire Supernatural Branch. He wanted the Supernatural Branch to not get first place in this year’s Mystery Branch’s teaching assessment.”

Seeing that the students were all shocked, Zhang Changtai continued to reveal the news.

“The first place in the Mystery Branchy’s teaching assessment involved the direction of 500 million research funds. It’s said that Young Master Zheng, the current dean of the Supernatural Branch…”

“Enough!” Cui Xi suddenly shouted, interrupting Zhang Changtai.

“Let’s not talk about these questions here. Both Director Zheng and Professor Wen have taught Xuejin and Huanshan.”

Yan Xuejin and Miao Huanshan were both from the Mystery Branch.

Zhang Changtai felt a little awkward after being reprimanded by Cui Xi. However, Miao Huanshan’s shout attracted everyone’s attention.

“Look, Xu Tui has gone to challenge someone! Xu Tui had gone to challenge the rankings! Say, which rank do you think Xu Tui will challenge?” Miao Huanshan was from the Supernatural Branch, so he naturally paid a lot of attention to this matter regardless of his position. At this moment, he saw Xu Tui, who had been silent for two days, suddenly make a move, so he shouted.

“He should be going to obtain the position of a freshman Dragon, right?”

“That’s unlikely. He only needs to stand there to be the first-year Dragon. That should be enough. If it were me, I would definitely challenge the first-year Tiger, Peter. I would crush him and establish my prestige!”

“That’s true. At this moment, there are no students from the Supernatural Branch on the Year One Longhu List. Only Peter is worthy of Xu Tui’s challenge.”

“But it’s still boring.”

Xie Yan, who had recently risen to power, leaned on his spear and kept shaking his head. “With Xu Tui’s strength, challenging Peter is like a middle school student going to punch a kindergarten. It’s meaningless. If I were Xu Tui, I would definitely not challenge Peter. I would still need Pied’s help to defend the arena.”

“That’s true!”

“Xu Tui has already signed up for the arena challenge with the teacher. I wonder which arena he chose. Why didn’t I see him enter the arena? Most of the arenas are empty.” Miao Huanshan kept scouting.

“Eh, the teacher on duty is on the phone. Is he informing the students who are being challenged?”

“That’s not right. Within three days of the first-year ranking battle, all the students on the rankings must be prepared to accept the challenge according to the rules. Otherwise, their rankings will be canceled. There’s no need to call at all.” Yan Xuejin frowned.

“I don’t understand. Xu Tui did not go on stage when the arena was empty. Why did the teacher who had just accepted Xu Tui’s application contact someone?” Miao Huanshan looked puzzled.

Cui Xi and the others were puzzled. Xu Tui’s actions were a little mysterious.

Suddenly, Zhang Changtai slapped his thigh. “F*ck, is Xu Tui going to challenge the overall rankings? Only when he challenges the Longhu Overall Rankings will the teacher in charge call someone!”

“Impossible! Xu Tui is indeed a little stronger, but he should not have the ability to challenge the Longhu Overall Rankings…”

Tao Guan was stunned when everyone looked over. He was currently ranked 97th on the Longhu Overall Rankings.

Xu Tui had defeated him two months ago. Although Tao Guan’s ranking was obtained four days ago, in theory…

“F*ck, look, it’s really the Longhu Overall Rankings! Look, Xu Tui has already gone to the main stage of the Longhu List.” Miao Huanshan exclaimed.

“Who will he challenge?” Yan Xuejin suddenly asked.

The moment Yan Xuejin asked the question, everyone suddenly looked at Tao Guan.

Tao Guan’s expression instantly became nervous.

Xu Tui’s battle with Tao Guan had affected him greatly. If Xu Tui had directly challenged the Longhu Overall Rankings, he might have chosen Tao Guan. The moment everyone looked over, Tao Guan subconsciously tightened his grip on his new bow. His knuckles had turned white from the force.

“He probably won’t challenge Tao Guan,” Cui Xi suddenly said.

“Why?”

“I don’t know why Xu Tui wants to challenge the Longhu Overall Rankings, but it’s more likely that Xu Tui wants to challenge the Longhu Overall Rankings because of his ranking. Tao Guan can only be used as a reference for Xu Tui.”

Cui Xi’s words were a little blunt, causing Tao Guan’s knuckles to turn pale.

“That is, Xu Tui will challenge the 96th place on the Longhu Overall Rankings.” Miao Huanshan’s words made Tao Guan even more uncomfortable.

Reference object! He, Tao Guan, was ranked seventh on the Year Two Longhu List and 97th on the Longhu Overall Rankings. Could he only become a reference for Xu Tui?

“That’s not very likely. I think that Xu Tui might be challenging the 91st place on the Longhu Overall Rankings,” Cui Xi said.

“Full-rank challenge? What is Xu Tui trying to do? Was he sweeping the rankings? He’s only a freshman…”

“Look, the announcement is out. Xu Tui, a freshman, has challenged the 91st place on the Longhu Overall Rankings, Feng Chang’an!”

Everyone followed Miao Huanshan’s gaze and looked over. There were already such subtitles displayed on the announcement screen of the Longhu List.

Zhang Changtai, Tao Guan, and the others instantly exploded! He was really challenging the 91st place on the Longhu Overall Rankings!

Feng Chang’an was a third-year senior!

Not only them, but also the first-year students, second-year students, and third-year students who saw the news all exploded. Or rather, in just a few minutes, the entire Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was blown up by this news!

First-year students who had just completed their three-month protection period wanted to challenge the Longhu Overall Rankings!

Arrogant! He was too arrogant!

In an instant, the entire Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was in an uproar. All the students who knew about this gathered at the Longhu Arena.

Some stopped cultivating, some skipped classes, and some called their friends.

No matter what, they had to see this battle! They wanted to see the Flying Sword Warrior… being slashed!

They preferred to see their senior, Feng Chang’an, teach this arrogant junior a lesson. Xu Tui had challenged the Longhu Overall Rankings three months after he entered the school. They wanted Xu Tui to experience the beatings of his seniors.

They wanted to give Xu Tui, this arrogant junior, a good lesson. Your senior will always be your senior! Not everyone could stand on the Longhu Overall Rankings!

On the other side of the Longhu Arena, Wen Shao was also stunned!

During the ranking battle, Xu Tui had directly challenged the Longhu Overall Rankings. Was he so bored that he had gone crazy? Or was he out of his mind?

The intensity of the battle on the Longhu Overall Rankings was extremely terrifying! It was common for the challenger to be severely injured!

Chai Xiao and Zhuang Ziqiang, who had just seen the announcement, were also dumbfounded!

“F*ck, is my brother going to defy the heavens? He even said to lure the snake out of its hole. There doesn’t seem to be such a method of luring, right? Could it be that he took the initiative to be beaten up and pretended to be injured to lure the snake out of its hole?” Chai Xiao was confused.

“To get beaten up?”

Zhuang Ziqiang shook his head vigorously. “Brother Chai, I don’t think so. Brother Xu still has a chance of winning.”

“There’s still a possibility of winning? F*ck, if Xu Tui were to fight his way onto the Longhu Overall Rankings right now, then I, Old Chai, and your sister-in-law, Hongying, would not need to go to school. We could just go home and raise children for the next generation!”

Zhuang Ziqiang: “…”

Xu Tui had already walked toward the main stage of the Longhu Arena.

There was only one reason why he directly challenged the Longhu Overall Rankings—those who were on the Longhu Overall Rankings had additional points in the individual assessment of the freshmen.