Chapter 249 - The Counterattack Of The Supernatural Branch

Chapter 249: The Counterattack of the Supernatural Branch

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Wang He’s defeat did not cause much shock.

However, the comments in the live-stream were about to go crazy!

They were all confused. What ability did Xu Tui use? How did Xu Tui win? Why was Xu Tui able to take two steps back from Wang He’s explosive attack and remain unscathed?

...

Many curious emperors were about to go crazy.

Even if the genetic abilities displayed by the other students were powerful, they could roughly analyze them after taking a look. However, they were extremely curious about the ability that Xu Tui displayed at this moment.

Especially when he blocked the explosion from the Stab Explosion.

Many people could not understand!

Of course, Xu Tui would not say it unless someone could analyze it. The energy field of the genetic ancient martial arts was Xu Tui’s last resort. He would not reveal it easily.

Of course, many people could not think of it because of their inadequate knowledge. Who would have thought that a big shot in the Mystery Branch would cultivate genetic ancient martial arts?

It was like Wang He’s attack just now.

Actually, Xu Tui was very relaxed when he dodged the attacks. He did not even have to use Time Distortion. He dodge the attack with his extremely fast reflexes.

However, Xu Tui could not dodge this explosion. Even if he used Time Distortion, it was only the most logical defense. He would not be able to dodge it.

This was an AOE attack.

At this moment, the energy field defense cultivated from the Lesser Heavenly Cycle of the genetic ancient martial arts came in handy.

After the mental shield weakened the power of the explosion, the energy field successfully blocked the explosion of Wang He’s energy field.

However, the power of Wang He’s explosion was really powerful. Even though he managed to block it with the energy field that was closest to his body, the shockwave still made Xu Tui take two steps back.

Wang He could not understand either. However, he could not ask about such personal abilities. Even if he asked, the other party would not tell him.

Wang He picked up his broken ear and quickly walked towards the medical room. Breaking an ear and replanting it was just a minor surgery.

“Thank you!”

Wang He even thanked Xu Tui before he left the arena.

Xu Tui had cut off his ear during the attack just now. In that case, Xu Tui could have shot him in the head. He had shown mercy again!

Xu Tui smiled and nodded slightly.

An eye for an eye.

Xu Tui would also show kindness to those who were kind to him.

In the arena, Xu Tui looked in Wen Shao’s direction as usual. He originally wanted to mock Wen Shao again before pulling the aggro. However, when he looked over, he did not find Wen Shao.

Of course, this was not a problem for Xu Tui.

“Mr. Wen, did you run away after seeing that I won again and couldn’t take the blow? First-year supernatural students, do you see this? This is my combat strength. You can’t compare to me! However, what you can’t compare the most is my courage! It was already very dangerous just now, but I still have to continue challenging myself! You guys are already so cowardly that you don’t even have the right to compete with me.

“I definitely have the right to look down on you in this aspect!”

Xu Tui’s daily aggro series.

Even the first-year supernatural-type seeded players had grown some resistance to the third wave of fatal mockery. However, they still could not take it when they saw Xu Tui mocking them.

All of them were red-faced and panting heavily. Someone was about to make a move.

Wen Shao, who had sat on a low stool to prevent himself from being whipped by Xu Tui’s words, had no choice but to get up and calm the students down. But he only showed his head.

Wen Shao sat down again and quickly replied.

Just now, Wen Shao had sent a message to his teacher, Zheng Shaohong.

“Teacher, Xu Tui has won against Wang He, who is ranked 85th on the Longhu Overall Rankings. He has received a lot of bonus points in his overall ranking.”

Wen Shao could no longer care about whether it was a secret or not. In any case, everyone knew that he was fighting for first place in the individual overall score. It was not a problem to say it directly in the communication channel.

Wen Shao had to be anxious.

Why did Wen Shao give Xu Tui a warning?

It was because Wen Shao and the others had calculated that under normal circumstances, Xu Tui’s overall score would be first.

Moreover, he’s in first place with a huge leap. Even if they gave the students points within the rules, they would not be able to beat Xu Tui.

It could not be helped. The results of Xu Tui discovering the eighth type of reaction speed genetic base point had added a lot of points.

In the end, Wen Shao found an opportunity and gave Xu Tui a warning.

Their students could not beat Xu Tui in terms of points. So he would reduce Xu Tui’s score!

It worked!

However, Xu Tui was now challenging the Longhu Overall Rankings.

Most students did not know about the bonus points policy of the Longhu Overall Rankings, but Wen Shao did.

Xu Tui’s current ranking of 85th place was 150 points.

This discovery made Wen Shao’s teeth ache.

Could Xu Tui just stop?

Wen Shao was badly battered by the leg-breaking technique, which did not allow him to score points for the first-year Supernatural Branch’s teaching assessment. Even his reputation was about to be ruined.

Now that he had suddenly gained 150 points from the Longhu Overall Rankings, he could no longer hold back.

Xu Tui was going to be ranked first in the individual overall assessment.

Once that happened, Wen Shao would really vomit blood. He had secretly given Xu Tui a warning and punished him. Wasn’t it to help the specially-recruited students of the Supernatural Branch get first place in the individual overall assessment?

Now that Xu Tui had caused a ruckus, his reputation was about to be tarnished. If the first place in the individual overall assessment were to run away, then what’s the point of Wen Shao and the others arranging all of this?

They would not be considered idiots. They would be considered as a fighter jet among idiots!

It would have been better if he had done nothing back then. But now, since he had done it, he had to go all the way.

Wen Shao, who had discovered Xu Tui’s true goal in challenging the Longhu Overall Rankings, immediately sought help from his teacher, Zheng Shaohong.

To be honest, Wen Shao’s heart was already in a mess after being mocked and whipped by Xu Tui time and time again.

After sending the message, Wen Shao looked at his communication device nervously. He wondered how his teacher would react.

In less than 30 seconds, Wen Shao’s personal communication device rang.

His teacher, Zheng Shaohong, had replied.

“I got it.”

Just three words.

Wen Shao became a little anxious when he saw those words.

Wen Shao, who was a little flustered, hurriedly sent another message. “Teacher, what should we do?”

In the office, Zheng Shaohong, who was watching the live broadcast, frowned when he saw Wen Shao’s questioning. He instantly realized that Wen Shao’s judgment had been affected by Xu Tui.

“Wen Shao, calmness is the most important thing!”

After teaching Wen Shao a lesson, Zheng Shaohong casually replied, “It’s also a good thing for Xu Tui to be ranked on the Longhu Overall Rankings.

“However, Xu Tui will have to bear the corresponding risks as long as he makes it onto the Longhu Overall Rankings. Those who make it onto the Longhu Overall Rankings can be challenged by any student within the rules. Don’t worry!”

This was because he was using his personal communication device to communicate. There were some things that he could not say too directly.

However, as his student, Wen Shao instantly understood what Zheng Shaohong meant.

Xu Tui would be challenged by others once he was on the rankings.

This was his chance!

As for who would come to challenge him, the words “don’t worry” in Zheng Shaohong’s message represented the answer.

This meant that Zheng Shaohong had already made arrangements.

In an instant, Wen Shao, who understood what his teacher meant, felt relieved. He also stood up again. He looked at the main stage of the Longhu List curiously.

Wen Shao wanted to know who his teacher would send to challenge Xu Tui.

Wen Shao knew his teacher, Zheng Shaohong, very well. In the eyes of all the first-year and fourth-year students in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Zheng Shaohong was their teacher!

On the main stage of the Longhu List, Qu Qingshan, the referee on duty, spoke.

“Xu Tui, do you still want to continue? However, I personally suggest that you should rest since you have already won two rounds in a row today.”

“Thank you, Professor Qu.”

Xu Tui took a bottle of mineral water from Chai Xiao and washed the blood off the flying sword.

“But I still want to challenge the rankings. I want to get a higher ranking,” Xu Tui said as he looked up.

“Alright. Please report the challenge ranking to me within ten minutes. We’ll try to finish this battle before noon. I still like to rest for a while in the afternoon!” Qu Qingshan smiled.

Xu Tui’s gaze scanned the Longhu List.

To be honest, Wang He’s performance in the battle just now was very amazing. It was specifically used to defend against Xu Tui’s mental whip. His perception ability had avoided Xu Tui’s mental awls. It had a powerful offensive ability, especially that Stab Explosion.

It made Xu Tui realize that every senior who had made it onto the Longhu Overall Rankings was someone who lived up to their reputation. If he went any higher, the seniors he faced would become stronger and stronger!

Therefore, it was not advisable to challenge the 76th place directly.

Xu Tui’s gaze finally landed on Cui Xi, who was ranked 79th on the Longhu List.

Second-year Tiger!

Cui Xi was a little strong. However, Cui Xi was the only Extreme Branch cultivator in the five rankings.

Furthermore, Xu Tui had the urge to fight Cui Xi two months ago. He wanted to know just how powerful the second-year Tiger, Cui Xi, was. What kind of improvement did the so-called extra-terrestrial spot bring to Cui Xi?

He would be able to figure out everything after a battle. Moreover, it was also a better choice to challenge Cui Xi than to plan for the worst-case scenario.

“Professor Cui, I’ll challenge Cui Xi, who is ranked 79th on the Longhu Overall Rankings and is the second-year Tiger!”

The moment Xu Tui said that, the surrounding students and live-streamers immediately exclaimed.

No one had expected Xu Tui to directly challenge the second-year Tiger, Cui Xi.

Cui Xi, who was in the audience, was also surprised. He did not expect Xu Tui to challenge him. However, after the surprise, he was overjoyed and immediately replied loudly.

“Xu Tui, it’s great that you want to challenge me! However, I suggest that you postpone our challenge to the afternoon. Go back and have a good sleep at noon. Restore your mind power to its peak state. I want to fight you at your peak!” Cui Xi shouted.

“Can’t I do it now?”

“Even if I win now, I won’t feel comfortable!”

Xu Tui thought about it and nodded. He agreed, “Alright, let’s do it in the afternoon!”

An opponent like Cui Xi still needed to be respected.

Xu Tui turned around and said, “Professor Qu, arrange for me to challenge Cui Xi in the afternoon.”

Qu Qingshan was about to nod when he suddenly frowned.

“Xu Tui, you have to challenge Cui Xi again after this.”

“Why?” Xu Tui was a little surprised.

“Someone wants to challenge you for the 85th place on the Longhu List.”

After he finished speaking, Qu Qingshan’s expression turned serious. He suddenly announced according to procedure, “Xu Tui, ranked 87th on the Longhu Overall Rankings, Qi Sheng. He wants to challenge you for the 85th place on the Longhu Overall Rankings.

“According to the rules of the Longhu List, if one did not have a valid reason, they had to accept the challenge. Otherwise, they would be removed from the rankings. However, you’ve already fought two battles in a row today. According to the rules, you can delay the time you accept the challenge, but you can’t delay the fight for more than three days!”

The moment Qu Qingshan asked the question, he gave Xu Tui a way out. He could fight Qi Sheng three days later.

Xu Tui’s gaze immediately landed on Qi Sheng’s information displayed on the big screen.

Qi Sheng, a third-year student from the Supernatural Branch of the Mystery Branch!

“Thank you, but I’ll accept the challenge now!”

The moment the announcement of Xu Tui, a freshman from the Mystery Branch’s School of Enlightened Mind, accepting Qi Sheng’s challenge who was from the Mystery Branch’s Supernatural Branch was made, the entire Huaxia Genetic Evolution College erupted once again.

Xu Tui was not the only one.

When everyone saw this message, they understood one thing!

The Supernatural Branch’s counterattack was here!