Chapter 240 - : Intelligence Expert

Chapter 240: Intelligence Expert

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

At 2:55 p.m., Xu Tui arrived at the Longhu arena on time.

At three o’clock, the Year One Longhu battle started again.

Xu Tui found a remote spot on the viewing platform and sat there, watching the battle.

...

Not long after, Zhuang Ziqiang arrived. He handed Xu Tui a bottle of Immortal Happiness Water.

Xu Tui did not drink this in the past. It was mainly because his mother did not allow him to drink it. She said that it was not good for his health. He did not dare to drink it again when he had pocket money. It was said that one would get fat easily if they drank it. They would not be handsome if they were too fat.

But now, he casually took it and drank three mouthfuls in one go.

It felt awesome!

It was not a problem for Xu Tui to gain some weight. At most, he would not drink the Energy Restoration Elixir and cultivate for an hour. He would be able to use up all the fat. He could also save some money on Energy Restoration Elixirs.

“Brother Xu, are you going up this afternoon?”

Xu Tui looked down at the ten arenas where the battles had already begun and said, “I’ll go up if someone from the Supernatural Branch wins.”

He occasionally glanced at Wen Shao’s direction.

Wen Shao, who had been wearing a fisherman’s hat, was very conspicuous when he looked down from above. Furthermore, there were more than 20 students surrounding him.

It was hard not to notice.

Xu Tui was sizing them up. Wen Shao and his students also noticed Xu Tui.

“Wen Shao, Xu Tui is here again. He’s waiting in the stands,” an expert observer reported.

“Yes, there’s no hurry. I’ve already explained the strategy to you just now. Just wait patiently.” Wen Shao smiled, appearing calm and composed.

“Mr. Wen, I don’t understand. Why would Xu Tui deliberately target our Supernatural Branch?”

They were all students from the Mystery Branch Academy. Why did he have to break their legs the moment they went up?

“Is it really just because of that warning?” A curious student finally asked.

This question was not easy to answer. Even Wen Shao could not answer. He definitely couldn’t tell the truth.

That would damage his image.

He had to make up a lie. A lie might require countless lies to cover up. If he was exposed one day, his glorious image as Professor Wen would be affected again.

Therefore, Wen Shao wisely changed the topic.

“Don’t worry about these things for now. I only told you not to go on stage to challenge the rankings for the time being, not to idle around. You have to watch and analyze every student who might be able to maintain their ranking in the top 100 of the Longhu List.

“You have to analyze their strengths and abilities to find their weaknesses. Then, summarize it to me. I’ll give you guidance and analysis. When you’ve done most of these things, it will be about time for you to set off for the arena challenge. You will definitely get a very good ranking!”

After saying that, Wen Shao added, “This is also the homework I assigned to you. Whoever completes it well will get extra points in the assessment of outstanding students.”

As soon as the reward was announced, the students from the Supernatural Branch immediately took their notebooks and went to watch the battle.

The individual rating of the most outstanding student of the year in the Mystery Branch could be directly raised by a small level.

Therefore, a strange scene appeared.

The Year One Longhu Battle had become the world of the Extreme Branch students. Occasionally, there would be students from the Mystery Branch or the Supernatural Branch who were not a match for the Extreme Branch students.

Xu Tui also had a toothache as he observed from the stands.

Was Wen Shao planning to drag it out with him? However, it would not be beneficial to Xu Tui’s plan if he continued to waste time. He would not be able to challenge them if they continued to fight like this. He would not be able to break their legs.

If he waited until the last half an hour of the last day…

Xu Tui suddenly thought of a possibility.

If Wen Shao really waited until the last moment of the ranking battle, Xu Tui would not be able to do anything to the students from the Supernatural Branch.

Although this method seemed a little useless, it did work! After all, Xu Tui was alone.

At that time, the Supernatural Branch would still be ranked first in the teaching assessment. A student from the Supernatural Branch would also very likely be ranked first in the individual comprehensive assessment.

On the other hand, Xu Tui’s warning and punishment remained firm.

No, he had to think of a way.

Just as Xu Tui was deep in thought, Gong Ling gracefully ran away from the stands. She was 1.68 meters tall and had a slender figure. She swayed left and right.

It was really a sight!

Before Gong Ling could sit down, Zhuang Ziqiang, the energetic young man, got up and walked away.

Gong Ling leaned against Xu Tui and sat down. She moved closer to Xu Tui with a faint fragrance.

“Little Tui, I just heard a piece of news. Mr. Wen instructed the 20-odd seeded students of the Supernatural Branch to only observe the battle and analyze the abilities and weaknesses of the students on the rankings.

“Then they wait until the last quarter of an hour of the opening day of the ranking battle, everyone will move out at the same time to challenge each other and obtain a ranking on the Longhu List.

“Mr. Wen also said that no matter how strong you are, you would still need time to complete the challenge. You could not challenge many people in the last few minutes. Little Tui, why don’t you not go against Mr. Wen?” Gong Ling said carefully.

After saying that, she looked around, as if she was afraid that someone would hear her.

Xu Tui smiled.

Gong Ling was an intelligence expert and an elite spy!

This news was too timely. Although it was similar to what Xu Tui had guessed, it was too specific. It would be helpful to him.

“It’s not that I’m going against him. He’s the one who always scams me. I have to get back at him. Gong Ling, thank you. I’ll treat you to a meal another day.”

“There’s no need for that. I’ll be leaving now, Little Tui.”

Gong Ling jumped lightly on the steps and quickly left.

“Sigh, Brother Xu is so lucky. The love in university is still so pure.” Zhuang Ziqiang came out from the side and sighed. Is this considered love?”

Xu Tui was stunned.

“I’ve never been in a relationship before, okay? Besides, don’t try to fool me. Is love simple? Don’t you want to hold hands and kiss and hug when you’re in a relationship?”

Zhuang Ziqiang was stunned and speechless!

“Old Zhuang, Wen Shao’s strategy might be to act shamelessly and stall for time. I won’t waste my time here. Keep an eye out for me. Remember, if there are any supernatural-type challengers who manage to secure a spot in the arena, inform me immediately,” Xu Tui instructed.

“Don’t worry, Brother Xu. It’s just a small matter. I promise to keep a close eye on you!” Zhuang Ziqiang patted his chest and said.

“Good!”

Xu Tui patted Zhuang Ziqiang’s shoulder and left. Be it his speculation or Gong Ling’s intelligence, it proved that Wen Shao wanted to use a delaying tactic.

This was actually the most brilliant tactic against Xu Tui.

The seeded players of the Supernatural Branch were not in the arena. How could Xu Tui break their legs under the arena? Unless he did not want to stay in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College anymore.

He has to do it within the rules.

Since that was the case, Xu Tui was simply wasting his time by staying here. Actually, if there were second-year or third-year seniors challenging the rankings, Xu Tui could observe, analyze, and gain experience.

However, with his current judgment, there was not much to see among the freshmen. It was meaningless for a primary school student who had learned how to add, subtract, multiply, and divide to go to the first grade to watch a student perform an addition calculation within 10!

He might as well return to the dormitory to cultivate.

The sooner he strengthened his ninth reaction-type genetic base point to level-two silver, the better. He wanted to see if it was as Luo Shifeng had said. The ninth reaction-type genetic base point was the main genetic base point for the ability to distort time at the speed of light.

Of course, Xu Tui also had the intention of fishing.

If he left, would the seeded contestants of the Supernatural Branch not be able to resist challenging him?

If there was, Xu Tui would quickly rush over. He would kill as many of them as he could.

Although those who could get into the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were all smart people, there might be one or two stupid ones. Or perhaps there were a few impatient ones, who could say?

After returning to the dormitory, Xu Tui composed himself and sat cross-legged on the bed. He then drank a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir and adjusted his breathing. He inhaled and exhaled as he entered meditation. He instantly switched to the illusory introspective state.

He began to strengthen his ninth reaction-type genetic base point. Its state and speed were similar to the genetic base point related to mental perception that Xu Tui had used to strengthen.

The cultivation speed of the Level D Energy Restoration Elixir was the fastest.

However, Xu Tui was afraid that a stupid person would come and he still had to rush over and break his leg.

Although he was considered to be a few million yuan now, he still had to be thrifty. It would be better to use Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs during the opening battle. He would not feel the pinch even if he were to stop his cultivation due to an accident.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui did not receive a call from Zhuang Ziqiang until the first day of the ranking battle at 6 p.m.

It seemed that there was no exception.

Actually, it was not entirely impossible.

Not long after Xu Tui left the Longhu List’s viewing platform, a seeded contestant from the Supernatural Branch anxiously looked for Wen Shao.

“Mr. Wen, Xu Tui is leaving now. Can we go on stage to challenge the rankings?”

Wen Shao did not stop him. He only stared coldly at the impatient student.

“What if Xu Tui rushed over to challenge you again? Would you have your leg broken when you fought Xu Tui, or would you have to admit defeat in a very aggrieved manner?”

The student was speechless. He was stumped by Wen Shao’s question. However, he did have some brains.

“Mr. Wen, I understand. I’ll continue to observe the battle and make my analysis notes.” With that, he ran away.

Wen Shao’s expression relaxed slightly.

At six o’clock in the afternoon, Xu Tui received a call from Zhuang Ziqiang. The opening battle of the Longhu List had ended.

After Xu Tui left, no one from the Supernatural Branch went up to challenge the rankings.

Xu Tui thanked him and hung up.

Although Wen Shao had found a way to deal with Xu Tui’s leg-breaking technique, Xu Tui did not want to let this matter rest. He had to have a good fight with Wen Shao!

However, before the battle, he would cultivate for a day and a half. He wanted to see if he would have the Time Distortion ability after he strengthened his ninth reaction speed genetic base point to Level 2 silver.

Xu Tui could no longer hold back his curiosity.