Chapter 247 - I Despise You From The Bottom Of My Heart (2)

Chapter 247: I Despise You From the Bottom of My Heart (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Some of the seniors felt their faces hurt even more!

Below the stage, Wen Shao’s expression became extremely solemn.

As for the supernatural students beside Wen Shao, their faces turned pale when they saw this scene!

...

“Damn, when did my brother become so powerful?”

Chai Xiao looked at this scene in disbelief. Even Zhuang Ziqiang, who thought he understood Xu Tui’s strength, was stunned.

“Brother Xu… is he already that strong…”

“Xu Tui has won. Xu Tui has obtained 91st place on the Longhu Overall Rankings. Everyone below Feng Chang’an’s ranking has automatically fallen by one place.”

Qu Qingshan announced loudly. The last person on the Longhu Overall Rankings was about to cry. Damn it. Xu Tui’s victory had caused him to be eliminated from the rankings.

On the referee’s stand, Qu Qingshan quietly wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. Damn it. It has only been two months. How had he become so strong?

His attack speed was too fast. His reaction seemed to be faster than a professor like him. The speed of the flying sword was even faster than he had expected! He directly caused his mental protection force field to miss.

If Xu Tui’s flying sword had not taken a detour, Feng Chang’an would have been sent to the crematorium, burned to ashes.

Feng Changan’s lips trembled as he endured the pain of his broken leg. The more high-spirited he was just now, the more uncomfortable he felt now!

Instant kill!

He had been instantly killed by Xu Tui! He had looked down on Xu Tui previously and even reminded Xu Tui to be careful. He did not expect Xu Tui to spare his life in the end. Otherwise, he would already be dead!

The school would try their best to ensure the safety of the students on the Longhu Overall Rankings, but there was one thing they had to be responsible for, and that was their own life. The two challengers did not have to be responsible for each other!

“Thank… Thank you!”

Feng Chang’an raised his head while leaning on his long saber. His lips trembled, but he still said those two words to Xu Tui in the end.

“You don’t have to thank me. You were the one who kindly reminded me first. An eye for an eye!”

Xu Tui looked at Feng Changan and smiled, revealing his white teeth.

This smile made many students’ hearts turn cold.

An eye for an eye. The other meaning of Xu Tui’s words was that if Feng Chang’an had not kindly reminded him just now, his head might have been blown off by the flying sword.

F*ck!

The lips of the students who understood this twitched. This method, this flying sword.

It was simply…

Not far away, Cui Xi’s eyes lit up when he saw this scene.

Zhang Changtai, Tao Guan, and the others had ugly expressions!

Xu Tui was even stronger than he was two months ago. Moreover, from the looks of it, Xu Tui’s increase in strength over the past two months was far greater than theirs. But f*ck, they were clearly cultivating non-stop…

On the stage of the Longhu Arena, Xu Tui spoke proudly. The nearly 20,000 spectators in the audience were silent. They were shocked beyond words.

Xu Tui had a chance to win. They had considered this point! His achievements in the exchange and visitation group with the India Sector were real. Therefore, many people thought that Feng Chang’an would win the battle between Xu Tui and Feng Chang’an. They also hoped that Feng Chang’an would win.

It would be considered normal if Xu Tui won. It was not surprising at all.

However, Xu Tui won too quickly!

It took less than a second and Feng Chang’an knelt down. In the end, he even thanked Xu Tui!

Feng Chang’an was ranked 91st on the Longhu Overall Rankings! He was a powerful senior who had fought against a Level C genetic mutant in society. Yet, he was defeated by Xu Tui in a second!

They could not help but be shocked.

While the students were still in shock, Xu Tui suddenly turned around. He looked in Wen Shao’s direction and shouted.

“Mr. Wen, I’ve disappointed you again. I didn’t lose. I won!”

Upon hearing this, Wen Shao was so angry that he wanted to curse! Xu Tui, can you be any more cunning? He did not say anything. What did he mean by disappointing him again? Could he be any more shameless than that?

He could not accept this. He had to retort. Otherwise, it would definitely affect his image as a professor!

“Xu Tui, I didn’t. How could a teacher like me…”

“Mr. Wen, don’t deny it! Would you still expect me to win after what I said just now? A denial was an admission. You are treating so many students as fools! You have not reached the level of a saint! You definitely won’t expect me to win!”

Xu Tui’s rapid counterattack left Wen Shao speechless. He had a toothache! He could not avoid being splashed with dirty water.

“Of course, you can still look forward to me losing, because I will continue to challenge the Longhu Overall Rankings!”

After he finished speaking, Xu Tui shouted at the supernatural students beside Wen Shao.

“First-year supernatural students, do you see this? This is my strength! In terms of strength, you guys are not even qualified to be my opponents. Of course, this was related to one’s talent. It was not your fault. However, you guys are so cowardly that you don’t even have the courage to fight me!

“A bunch of cowards! To be honest, I despise you from the bottom of my heart!”

Xu Tui gave a thumbs-up to the first-year seeded candidates surrounding Wen Shao from afar. His face was filled with disdain!

Immediately, the green veins on the foreheads of the first-year supernatural students, who had been publicly scolded by Xu Tui in front of tens of thousands of people or even the entire school, began to bulge. Their faces turned red.

They could not stand it! Xu Tui was too much of a bully. It was just a broken leg! Half a month later, they would be alive and kicking again!

They were not the only ones who could not take it. A few ordinary freshmen from the Supernatural Branch could not take it anymore and suddenly shouted at Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, I’m also a supernatural-type. I’m definitely a man! If you have the ability, come and break my leg!”

“Xu Tui, I’m a freshman in the Supernatural Branch. I’m not a coward. Come, let’s fight. Even if I hit my head against the ground, I will still spit on you!”

Xu Tui pointed at the huge screen on the Longhu List.

“Go to the rankings. If you dare to be on the rankings, I’ll acknowledge you as a man. You’re not a coward! I’ll break your legs then!”

The supernatural students who could not stand it were instantly silenced! They couldn’t f*cking go up!

“Continue watching the battle. I’ll say it again. You have to calm down. Don’t be provoked by Xu Tui. If anyone dares to leave, the evaluation of rashness and impatience would be waiting for you.”

Wen Shao’s loud reprimand gave the seeded contestants a way out. It was not that they were afraid, but their teacher did not allow it!

At the same time, Xu Tui suddenly shouted at Qu Qingshan.

“Professor Qu, I’ll continue to challenge the rankings. Next, I want to challenge the 85th place on the Longhu Overall Rankings!”

Qu Qingshan snapped his fingers. “Alright, we’ll make the arrangements immediately!”

Xu Tui thanked him with a smile. Then, he looked at Wen Shao. “Mr. Wen, that’s enough. You can continue to hope that I lose.”

Wen Shao was speechless. His face could not get any darker! He finally realized how stingy Xu Tui was. This made him feel like he had nothing to say!

At this moment, Wen Shao felt a trace of regret.

Xu Tui was too difficult to deal with.