Chapter 255 - Battle Of The Dragon And Tiger

Chapter 255: Battle of the Dragon and Tiger

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Dai Lijun, you’re a second-year dragon. Why are you here?” Qu Qingshan, the referee on duty, exploded when he heard that Dai Lijun was going to challenge someone.

Qu Qingshan did not believe that Dai Lijun didn’t come to challenge the rankings because of Xu Tui sweeping through the Supernatural Branch.

Qu Qingshan questioned Dai Lijun, but his gaze was on Wen Shao. He was expressing his dissatisfaction with Wen Shao and his stand.

...

That was enough.

Wen Shao turned his head slightly and did not respond to Qu Qingshan. At this point, it was no longer something that Wen Shao could influence.

In fact, ever since Qi Sheng went up to challenge Xu Tui, this matter had been taken over by Wen Shao’s teacher, Zheng Shaohong.

Zheng Shaohong was the one who arranged the candidates.

Wen Shao was previously the deputy director of the Supernatural Branch and a professor of the Supernatural Branch. However, he did not have that much influence. For example, the second-year dragon, Dai Lijun, was not someone that Wen Shao could influence.

Therefore, Wen Shao could not respond to Qu Qingshan’s accusation.

However, following Qu Qingshan’s question, Dai Lijun, who had just stepped onto the main stage of the Longhu List, immediately became the center of attention.

Dai Lijun’s face was calm and expressionless.

When Qu Qingshan looked over, Dai Lijun said simply, “Mr. Qu, I left the school for a long time some time ago and was directly removed from the Longhu Overall Rankings.

“Now that I’m back, I’m prepared to challenge the rankings and get a new ranking.”

“Can’t you do it tomorrow?”

Qu Qingshan frowned.

“Mr. Qu, I’ll challenge the 93rd place on the Longhu Overall Rankings first.” Dai Lijun did not answer Qu Qingshan. Instead, he directly raised his challenge.

Dai Lijun was a second-year Dragon on the Year Two Longhu List. All the second-year students were extremely convinced. In addition, with the second-year tiger, Cui Xi, there, all the second-year Dragon rankings had not dropped.

However, the Longhu Overall Rankings were different.

Even if he had a valid reason, he had to accept the challenge within half a month. Under special circumstances, if he did not accept the challenge within a month, he would be removed from the Longhu List.

Of course, the second-year tiger, Cui Xi, could also take down the second-year Dragon ranking while Dai Lijun was away from school.

However, Cui Xi disdained to do that.

A true second-year dragon relied on strength. Other than being despised by countless students and teachers, what else could they do if they relied on the rules to snatch the position of the second-year dragon?

Therefore, until now, Dai Lijun was still a second-year student, but he was no longer ranked on the Longhu Overall Rankings.

If he wanted to challenge someone, he had to follow the rules.

Qu Qingshan frowned again, but he could only sigh helplessly. He was the referee of the Longhu General Ranking. If Dai Lijun wanted to challenge the rankings, he could only arrange it according to his duties.

The students who were watching the battle on the arena and the Internet were all curious.

Would Dai Lijun challenge Xu Tui?

A second-year dragon challenging a first-year dragon was really bullying! After all, it had only been a short time since Xu Tui, a freshman, had entered the school.

According to the procedures, Qu Qingshan began to contact the 93rd place on the Longhu Overall Rankings. The 93rd place was a third-year student from the Supernatural Branch.

He was in the arena.

Almost at the same time that Qu Qingshan was about to make a call, this third-year student from the Supernatural Branch took the initiative jump on the stage.

“Professor Qu, we’ve sparred before. I’m not his match. I admit defeat!”

After expressing his stance, the third-year student jumped off the stage.

Qu Qingshan frowned deeply. However, that was the only way. These were all allowed by the rules.

“Mr. Qu, I’ll challenge Xu Tui, who is ranked 85th on the Longhu Overall Rankings.” Dai Lijun’s voice rang out.

Xu Tui, who had been waiting by the side of the ring, chuckled when he heard that. He knew that Dai Lijun was coming for him the moment he stepped onto the arena.

It was not because of anything else. According to the information that Ah Huang had given him, Dai Lijun’s identity was not ordinary.

Dai Lijun was Zheng Shaohong’s special student. Their relationship was the same as Xu Tui’s relationship with An Xiaoxue. Compared to an ordinary teacher-student relationship, it was more intimate and beneficial.

Dai Lijun had come to challenge Xu Tui with only one goal in mind. He wanted to teach Xu Tui a lesson.

Qu Qingshan frowned.

Dai Lijun had come for Xu Tui. He had noticed this long ago. However, Dai Lijun was challenging the rankings according to the rules. He could only follow the procedures.

“Alright, I will arrange for your challenge. However, according to the rules of Longhu Overall Rankings, Xu Tui has already defended the arena three times today. He has the right to refuse your challenge.”

Qu Qingshan’s words were directed at Dai Lijun and also a reminder to Xu Tui.

Dai Lijun nodded when he heard that. He looked directly at Xu Tui. “Xu Tui, I am prepared to challenge you. Do you dare to accept the challenge?”

Without waiting for Xu Tui’s reply, Qu Qingshan spoke first, “Xu Tui, according to the rules, you can refuse. You can arrange for the battle to take place three days later. Of course, if you felt that the difference in strength was too great, you could just admit defeat. It’s normal to admit defeat on the Longhu Overall Rankings.”

Qu Qingshan had a good impression of Xu Tui, who he had once wanted to recruit a special student. He wanted to help as much as possible.

Of course, it was not only because he had a good impression of him. This was also one of his responsibilities as the referee on duty in the arena. The purpose of the Longhu List was competition. Those who were brave would win. His duty as a referee was to try his best to avoid unnecessary casualties.

Of course, the most fundamental reason was that Qu Qingshan felt that Xu Tui was definitely not a match for Dai Lijun.

“Mr. Qu, thank you…”

“Lijun, when did you come back? Why are you here to fight for the rankings?” Before Xu Tui could finish his sentence, the second-year tiger, Cui Xi, jumped onto the arena and interrupted Xu Tui.

Without waiting for Dai Lijun to answer, Cui Xi said to him, “You’ve been away for almost three months. Your strength must have improved by leaps and bounds. You probably wouldn’t be able to show off your abilities by challenging a freshman. Why don’t we fight first? If you win, my 79th place on the Longhu List will be yours.”

Cui Xi was a very loyal person. Although he spoke gently, he was already helping Xu Tui. He was just short of pointing at Dai Lijun’s nose and scolding him. At the same time, it also gave Dai Lijun a suitable way out.

Cui Xi was an extremely steady person. Of course, he did this because he felt that Xu Tui was not a match for Dai Lijun. He took the initiative to step forward and shield Xu Tui.

“You?” Dai Lijun still had a cold expression. “There’s no problem if you want me to fight. Just follow the rules.”

The smile on Cui Xi’s face instantly disappeared. “Alright, in that case, I’ll challenge you as a second-year tiger!”

As soon as these words were spoken, the entire arena, both online and offline, became excited.

The second-year tiger wanted to challenge the second-year dragon. This battle between a dragon and a tiger would definitely be exciting.

Although the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had three Longhu List and one Longhu Overall Rankings, it was rare to see a Dragon and Tiger Fight. The higher the level, the greater the difference in strength. They would also be clearer about their own strength and would not challenge others casually.

Just as the audience was looking forward to it, Dai Lijun replied indifferently. “Alright, I’ll accept it. However, you should go and register with the teacher on duty first. I’ll fight you after I’m done with this match,” Dai Lijun said.

“You!”

Cui Xi was furious. Everyone could tell that Dai Lijun was determined to challenge Xu Tui. He was going to stand up for the Supernatural Branch. Of course, not all the Supernatural Branch students were willing to accept this. Zheng Shaohong was actually just a relatively large mountain in the Supernatural Branch. Many elites had their own teachers.

“Alright, I’ll go register now!” Cui Xi stomped his feet angrily, but he did not register immediately. Instead, he looked at Xu Tui and said, “Xu Tui, you’ve already fought five consecutive battles today. Go and rest.”

“Brother Cui, thank you! But I still have to fight Dai Lijun!”

At this point, Xu Tui suddenly pounded his chest and shouted down the stage, “I, Xu Tui, will not cower in this battle no matter if I lose or die!”

Xu Tui had shouted those words out loud. He was shouting with a heroic spirit.

“Mr. Qu, I agree to this battle! If I lose, I will make a comeback in the future. If he wants to kill me, he has to have the ability!” Xu Tui pointed at Dai Lijun and shouted.

Actually, Xu Tui felt a little helpless. According to his previous thoughts, the best choice for an expert like Dai Lijun was not to refuse to fight but to admit defeat.

What can you do to me? It was just a drop in rank! Come and bite me? How long had you, Dai Lijun, been cultivating? How long have I, Xu Tui, been cultivating? It was no big deal to admit defeat!

However, Xu Tui had marked his character for his goal today. He openly looked down on the first-year supernatural-type seeded players.

At this moment, the plan had already worked. He was about to reap the rewards. But Dai Lijun jumped out. If Xu Tui were to back down now, it might cause a chain effect and all his previous efforts would be wasted.

Therefore, even when Xu Tui understood that the best choice was to admit defeat, then cultivate again, and find his way back after a few days, the real goal was about to be achieved.

If Xu Tui admitted defeat at this moment, he would have fought these few tough battles today in vain.

Therefore, he could only fight now!

There was still a chance of winning in terms of big goals!

Xu Tui had no other choice.

“Good, you have guts!” After praising him, Dai Lijun said to Qu Qingshan, “Mr. Qu, you can make the arrangements. Both of us have no problems now.”

“F*ck! I can’t stand it anymore.”

Chai Xiao, who was at the side of the ring, suddenly jumped onto the main ring angrily. He pointed at Dai Lijun and started cursing.

“Dai, can you not embarrass the second-year dragon! Damn it. When the exchange delegation of the India Sector came, they needed someone to risk their lives. Where are you?

“It was Xu Tui! It was Xu Tui who had killed three of the enemy’s experts in a row that had secured the victory.

“But what about you? What did you do the moment you returned? You actually challenged Xu Tui, a freshman, for the sake of some people’s personal interests.

“Aren’t you embarrassed? Could you not be so shameless? Dai, to think that I used to admire a second-year dragon like you! Now, I f*cking despise you!

“Pui!”

Chai Xiao’s scolding was extremely satisfying. He even mentioned the past.

Dai Lijun’s face turned pale.

The audience on the arena and the Internet also instantly recalled this incident. When the India Sector’s exchange delegation arrived two months ago, it should have been Dai Lijun who was the main force. Unfortunately, he was not around. Xu Tui charged forward and became the main force.

Initially, this was nothing.

However, once Dai Lijun returned, actually found trouble with Xu Tui.

With Chai Xiao’s scolding, many of the second-year Dragon’s fangirls and fans instantly turned into passersby. Some even looked down on him.

In the arena, Dai Lijun, who had been scolded by Chai Xiao, looked in the direction of the Mystery Branch’s office building with a pale face.

Actually, he did not want to. However, his master had ordered him to do so. He did not have an ordinary relationship with Zheng Shaohong. He was Zheng Shaohong’s special student. Therefore, he could only persevere.

In the arena, Dai Lijun acted as if he did not hear Chai Xiao’s scolding. He looked at Qu Qingshan again and said, “Mr. Qu, let’s make the arrangements.”

“Xu Tui, if you overuse your mind power, I can give you time to recover. You can fight again in four or five hours,” Dai Lijun said.

“No need. Since you want to fight, let’s fight now!”