Chapter 256 - I Don'T Trust This Person

Chapter 256: I Don’t Trust This Person

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Alright, I’ll wait for you here. Just let me know when you’re ready.”

Seeing that Xu Tui had accepted the challenge, Dai Lijun was not in a hurry to fight. He took a seat at the side and sat down with his arms crossed. He closed his eyes and meditated.

This was also the only thing that Dai Lijun could remain proud of.

...

Xu Tui nodded and walked toward his resting area. He had fought five consecutive battles and won five consecutive battles. Although he remained calm, his aura and even his state of mind were already a little impetuous.

He did indeed need to think about it carefully. He needed to improve on the tactics he had used against Dai Lijun. At the same time, he also needed to discuss other matters.

Although Xu Tui agreed readily to fight Dai Lijun, he would not be careless. Because this might be a matter of life and death.

Xu Tui leaned against the chair and slowly closed his eyes. He breathed in and out, adjusted his breathing, and instantly entered a meditative state. Of course, he did not enter a meditative state because he wanted to activate one or two genetic base points before the battle.

With his current speed, this was possible. However, he could only activate the most ordinary genetic base points. Genetic base points that could greatly increase his combat strength could not be activated in a short period of time.

However, after he entered a meditative state, Xu Tui immediately became as calm as ever. His thoughts became extremely clear. He began to analyze the current situation of the enemy and his battle strategy.

On his wrist, Xu Tui’s communication device began to heat up. Even without his instructions, Ah Huang had already begun to help him search for combat information and combat videos regarding Dai Lijun.

In the arena, Qu Qingshan, the referee on duty, looked at Dai Lijun and Xu Tui, who had already entered a battle-ready state. He helplessly took a deep breath.

Then, Qu Qingshan looked at Wen Shao.

“Mr. Wen, you’re also one of the referees on duty in the Longhu List. When they fight later, you should go on stage too. Let’s guard together. It was safer for each of us to take care of one person. To be honest, with their combat strength, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to protect them in time under extreme circumstances.”

After a pause, Qu Qingshan added, “One of them is a second-year Dragon, and the other is about to become a first-year Dragon. No matter which one of them suffered irreversible damage, it would be our school’s loss. We’ll take care of one each. It’ll be more targeted.”

The moment Qu Qingshan said this, the audience who were waiting for the battle to start started discussing again. However, most of them gave Qu Qingshan a thumbs up.

In the live-stream, the praises and comments for Professor Qu were all over the screen.

Wen Shao, who was so agitated by Xu Tui that he did not speak for a long time, thought about it and agreed on the spot.

“Alright, Mr. Qu, you’ve considered everything. How about this? I’ll guard Dai Lijun, and you’ll guard Xu Tui.”

Wen Shao took the initiative to make the arrangements.

Xu Tui, who was deep in thought, frowned slightly. Qu Qingshan’s arrangement was very reasonable and thoughtful. In a battle of this level, two teachers should indeed be on duty. It was the right thing to do.

However, Xu Tui felt a little uneasy.

It was mainly because Xu Tui was worried about Wen Shao. It was not that he doubted Wen Shao’s bottom line as a teacher. It was just that Wen Shao’s previous actions had made him suspect that.

On the stage, Qu Qingshan heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Wen Shao agree. In his opinion, he would do his best to protect Xu Tui after Wen Shao went on stage. He would do his best to ensure that Xu Tui’s life would not be in danger in this battle.

As Wen Shao stepped onto the arena, Qu Qingshan asked Dai Lijun and Xu Tui as usual.

“After the battle begins, I will be on duty to guard Xu Tui, and Mr. Wen Shao will be on duty to guard Dai Lijun. Do the two of you have any objections?” Qu Qingshan asked.

Dai Lijun shook his head.

“No objections.”

Xu Tui gave an affirmative answer. Although Xu Tui did not trust Wen Shao, he trusted Qu Qingshan.

“I have an opinion!”

Just as Qu Qingshan nodded, a female voice suddenly sounded from the outermost corridor of the audience.

The moment everyone saw this, they saw An Xiaoxue, who was wearing a pair of jeans and a blue mask, stepping into the air. She stepped into the air and passed the tens of thousands of spectators. Her long hair fluttered in the wind as she stepped into the arena of the Longhu List.

All the spectating students were shocked. Only a few students from the School of Enlightened Mind cheered. Their backbone had finally arrived!

“Professor An, what do you have to say about this arrangement?” Qu Qingshan asked.

“I don’t think the referee on duty is appropriate,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Is it strength or something else?”

“It has nothing to do with strength. I just don’t trust Wen Shao!” An Xiaoxue glared at Wen Shao.

Wen Shao was stunned. He was instantly enraged! If not for the fact that he had not organized his words properly, he would have cursed. After all, they were in public. If he did not retaliate properly, he might fall into a trap.

Damn it, An Xiaoxue, did you come here just to scold me? There was no problem with his strength. In that case, she was scolding him for having a bad character!

Wen Shao was furious. An Xiaoxue and her disciple were making fun of him today! It was too much!

“An Xiaoxue, what do you mean you don’t trust me, Wen Shao? Tell me clearly.” Wen Shao organized his words and asked in anger.

An Xiaoxue glanced at Wen Shao disdainfully and ignored his question. She turned to look at Qu Qingshan.

“Professor Qu, let me take over Xu Tui’s duty. I’m also on the list of judges who are on duty in the Longhu Overall Rankings. This won’t violate the rules. Moreover, with me on duty, no one can say anything even if something happens,” An Xiaoxue said.

Qu Qingshan immediately understood what An Xiaoxue meant. It was not that An Xiaoxue did not believe in his strength, but she was worried that Wen Shao would do something.

To be honest, he had not thought about this before. If he did not go all out to guard against Wen Shao, it seemed possible for Wen Shao to do something with his powerful and strange mind power.

At the same time, if An Xiaoxue took over, Qu Qingshan would not be responsible even if something happened. He was happy and relaxed!

“Alright, Professor An. We’ll do as you say. However, it’s my duty. I’ll be watching the entire process. I’ll be the referee,” Qu Qingshan said.

“Alright, thank you, Professor Qu.”

After saying that, An Xiaoxue walked straight toward Xu Tui.

Wen Shao was completely ignored. His nose was almost crooked from anger.

“F*ck” came to mind. He did not know if he should give chase to reason or not. If he chased after her and reasoned, wouldn’t that be a confirmation? He was even bickering with a woman in public. It was simply…

But even if he didn’t reason with her, it seemed to be confirmed too.

Damn it!

Wen Shao was so angry that his mouth twitched. He was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood.

Qu Qingshan looked at Wen Shao’s expression and ignored him. He went to another area. He could only say that Wen Shao deserved it!

“Miss An.”

Xu Tui stood up and greeted An Xiaoxue when she arrived.

“Continue to prepare. Fight without restraint. I will guard you.”

An Xiaoxue’s words made Xu Tui feel relieved. With An Xiaoxue’s words, the strategy that he had initially decided on was now stable. At the very least, his safety was guaranteed.

Sense of security +10,000!

Of course, it was not that Qu Qingshan could not do it. It was just that the sense of security that Qu Qingshan gave Xu Tui was a little lacking.

“Xu Tui, I’m sorry. There is too little information about the second-year Dragon, Dai Lijun. The latest information is from three months ago. However, I found information about Dai Lijun’s battle from half a month ago in the extra-terrestrial database. But we won’t be able to get the specific information in a short period of time.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded.

“How long will it take?”

“If I want to obtain the contents of the extra-terrestrial database, I need to use the computer in the research institute to mobilize the computing power of my main body to break through the barrier and obtain the information. It will take more than ten hours, maybe more.” Ah Huang’s voice was apologetic.

“Ah Huang, thank you. There’s no need for that for now.”

Xu Tui took a deep breath and replayed the strategy in his mind. He checked his physical condition. His mind power was less than 70%.

It was enough.

Xu Tui would definitely lose in a tug-of-war with Dai Lijun. This was determined by the cultivation time. Therefore, he had to end the battle quickly.

“Professor Qu, I’m ready,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Qu Qingshan, who was overlooking the arena, nodded when he heard that. “Xu Tui, the ring defender, and the challenger, Dai Lijun. Please get into position and prepare for battle. Both referees who are on duty. Please take your positions. I’ll emphasize again that you are both teachers who are close to the challengers. You have a closer relationship with them. However, remember that your duty is only to guard! If I find anyone interfering, I’ll definitely report it to the Academic Affairs Office!”

An Xiaoxue nodded.

Wen Shao’s lips twitched as he listened. What the f*ck… Why did it sound like he was warning him? Why did he feel so aggrieved when he heard this?

However, Wen Shao could only listen.

Qu Qingshan was reminding both sides, not targeting Wen Shao alone. If Wen Shao dared to express any difference in opinion, wouldn’t he be exposing himself?

However, after hearing Qu Qingshan’s warning, most of the audience thought that Qu Qingshan had specifically warned Wen Shao. How could An Xiaoxue, such a beautiful and pure masked goddess, do such an extra action?

On the other hand, Mr Wen Shao, who had horns on his head and was wearing a fisherman’s hat, was covered in a dark glow, due to the shade of the referee’s place. He looked more and more like such a person.

Sometimes, looks were justice!

Xu Tui took the lead and walked toward the standard combat position as Qu Qingshan shouted.

Dai Lijun also took off his jacket, revealing a fiery red special-made combat uniform. This made Xu Tui’s gaze shift. Almost all of the powerful seniors wore custom-made combat uniforms.

At the same time, in the Mystery Branch’s office building, Zheng Shaohong zoomed in on the live broadcast projection. He crossed his fingers and leaned back in his chair to watch the live broadcast.

At the same time, in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s office building, the principal, Wen Xinglun, had also enlarged the projection.

Vice-principal Han Qingsong, Wei Dajiang, Zhou Wenji, Yan Chen, Wang Rutie, and all the school leaders turned on the live broadcast at the same time.