Chapter 252 - Who Else Is Coming? (2)

Chapter 252: Who Else Is Coming? (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

In comparison, the injury on Xu Tui’s leg was not that serious.

At the critical moment, Xu Tui instantly raised several mental shields. However, there was only one mental shield protecting his lower body.

It was directly shattered by the self-destruction of the water puppet, which was why he was injured.

...

He had two layers of mental shields on his head and two layers of mental shields, with the addition of an energy force field, on his upper body. So he was not injured at all!

Wen Shao remained silent. For him, silence was gold.

Xu Tui roared again when he saw this.

“Did you see that, first-year supernatural students? You bunch of cowards. Even your seniors are standing up for you. You guys are still so cowardly. I despise you! I really don’t know how Mr. Wen Shao taught you. He actually taught you until you didn’t even have any guts!”

As soon as Xu Tui said that, the 20-odd seeded candidates from the first-year Supernatural Branch trembled. Their faces turned pale.

This time, two students charged toward the main stage of the Longhu List without a word. They no longer cared about Wen Shao’s threat.

Go to hell with calming down! They wanted to fight! They had to fight! If they did not fight now, their backbone would be broken by Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, don’t be too arrogant! I’m also a supernatural-type. I’m also on the Longhu Overall Rankings. Do you dare to accept my challenge?”

Seeing that Wen Shao could no longer suppress the first-year students from the Supernatural Branch, another senior from the Supernatural Branch suddenly jumped onto the stage and challenged Xu Tui in public.

“Who are you?”

Xu Tui looked over.

“Wei Xuan, ranked 88th on the Longhu Overall Rankings! I’m a third-year student from the Mystery Branch!” Wei Xuan reported his name.

Thirty seconds ago, Wei Xuan’s gaze had just moved away from his personal communication device.

He received a text message. It was a message from Zheng Shaohong.

The two seeded students who had ignored Wen Shao’s attitude earlier could only stop when they saw that someone was about to fight Xu Tui.

“Alright, go and register with the teacher. The battle will begin in five minutes!”

“Good, you have guts. Wait!”

Wei Xuan gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up and signed up.

In just a few minutes, Qi Sheng had already been carried away by the emergency personnel of the medical center. The bloodstains on the main stage of the Longhu List had yet to be cleaned.

Qu Qingshan, who had just come out, frowned and said, “Xu Tui, you’ve already defended your ranking on the Longhu Overall Rankings once. It’s set. According to the rules, even if someone challenges you, you can accept the challenge three days later!”

Xu Tui understood that Qu Qingshan had good intentions. Of course, there was also an apology. He had been distracted by Qi Sheng’s cries for help in the battle just now, so he had neglected Xu Tui’s protection.

“Professor Qu, thank you! But I still want to fight! I want to see what Mr. Wen Shao can do. I wanted to see how long the first-year seeded players of Supernatural Branch would be afraid! If they could really stall for time until the last moment of the ranking battle, then I would accept it! I submit to them!”

At this moment, Xu Tui’s goal was clear.

Qu Qingshan knew that it was useless to persuade him. He turned around and glanced at Wen Shao, who was on the stage.

Wen Shao pursed his lips and remained silent.

Qu Qingshan understood that the fight between Xu Tui and the Supernatural Branch had reached a boiling point. At this moment, unless one of them fell or took the initiative to withdraw, no one could persuade them otherwise.

“Be careful. As a referee on duty, I’m not omnipotent!”

As he spoke, Qu Qingshan took a step forward and stepped into the air. He once again stood on the referee’s seat.

Three minutes later.

Wei Xuan, the earth-element superb individual ranked 88th on the Longhu Overall Rankings, stood at the standard combat position.

Two minutes later, the projection screen appeared. The five-second countdown ended. The battle had begun.

The moment the battle began, Xu Tui became highly focused and entered the Time Distortion. In a short 0.2 millisecond, he threw out his mental chain. With a sharp whistle, his flying sword immediately turned into a silver light and flew 100 meters away.

At the same time, his strengthened version of the mental whip whipped Wei Xuan’s head.

Wei Xuan, who had been cultivating his mind power for three years, had very strong mind power. His mind power was definitely stronger than Xu Tui’s. Under his deliberate defense, even Xu Tui’s strengthened version of the mental whip could not cause any effective damage to Wei Xuan.

However, this strengthened version of the mental whip had directly taken away 5% of Xu Tui’s mind power. It had still affected Wei Xuan for a moment.

Wei Xuan’s mind power trembled for a moment.

Time was short. The delay might only last a few milliseconds.

However, it was enough for Xu Tui. This was because Wei Xuan’s first move was to condense an Earth Shield to defend himself.

The moment Wei Xuan condensed three Earth Shields that were flickering with yellow light, Xu Tui’s flying sword had already completed its strategic acceleration from the air above the audience seats a hundred meters away.

It directly transformed into a silver light.

The moment the sonic boom sounded above the audience, the silver light had already arrived in front of Wei Xuan.

Wei Xuan was shocked!

“F*ck!”

Qu Qingshan, who was on duty, cursed again.

Today’s arena duty was f*cking difficult. He was so tired!

In an instant, Qu Qingshan raised Wei Xuan by another foot.

Qu Qingshan, who was already prepared, even used his mind power to set up layers of mental shields around the vital points of Wei Xuan’s head and neck.

It was unobstructed!