Chapter 253 - Who Else Is Coming? (3)

Chapter 253: Who Else Is Coming? (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The silver light pierced through Wei Xuan’s chest, leaving a trail of blood. However, the silver light with a bloody glow did not have any intention of stopping. It circled around and turned around. The silver light whistled as it charged towards Wei Xuan again.

“Xu Tui!” Qu Qingshan roared and unleashed his mind power!

In the next moment, Wei Xuan watched in horror as a silver light whizzed past him. He was instantly drenched in sweat! He felt that if Qu Qingshan had not roared just now, Xu Tui might have pierced through him again.

...

“Medical team, a student’s lung has been pierced and his pulmonary artery has been severed. Get an ambulance here immediately!” Qu Qingshan shouted.

The silver light returned and circled above Xu Tui’s head. It gradually revealed the appearance of a flying sword.

Xu Tui, whose legs were covered in blood but had not moved at all, looked directly at Wen Shao. “Wen Shao, who else is there? Send them up. I’ll fight them!”

Wen Shao fell silent. Still he said nothing.

However, someone immediately jumped onto the main stage. Even if Wei Xuan had not been carried away, there were still people who immediately jumped onto the main stage of the Longhu List!

“I’m Liu Kai, ranked 86th on the Longhu Overall Rankings. I’m a third-year, a lightning-type supernatural being. Xu Tui, I’m here to challenge you. Do you dare to accept my challenge?”

“Why wouldn’t I dare! Go register!”

Xu Tui’s flying sword suddenly trembled and pointed out a direction for Liu Kai.

“You have guts!”

Liu Kai gave Xu Tui a thumbs-up and went to register.

Three minutes later, Liu Kai stood on the standard battle platform.

Qu Qingshan, who had returned to his seat as the referee, wiped off his cold sweat. He only had one thought in his mind.

Was there a f*cking end to this? Can’t he stop?’ His heart could not take it.

On the main stage of the Longhu List, the blood had yet to dry, but another challenge had already begun!

Two minutes later, the projection screen dissipated and the battle began.

Xu Tui was still using the same tactic. He would use Time Distortion and obtain an absolute advantage of 0.2 milliseconds.

Liu Kai’s lightning attribute was extraordinary, and his attack frequency was extremely fast.

As soon as the battle started, Xu Tui only had to attach his mind power chain to the flying sword before it flew far away. At the same time, a bolt of lightning shot toward Xu Tui.

Three layers of mental shields were shattered by the lightning that was as thick as Liu Kai’s arm.

Then, Xu Tui took a slight step forward and dodged the bolt of lightning. However, to his surprise, the moment the lightning struck the ground, it spread out.

The sizzling lightning strangely spread to Xu Tui’s feet. He fell backward from the shock.

However, at this moment, the flying sword a hundred meters away had already returned.

The moment the sonic boom sounded, the flying sword had already flashed past from the side, bringing with it a large amount of blood.

This time, Xu Tui’s flying sword deliberately chose an extremely tricky angle. It avoided Qu Qingshan’s mental force field and slashed diagonally upward from Liu Kai’s shoulder.

The silver light cut open a third of Liu Kai’s neck.

This time, blood spurted three feet into the air.

The scene was extremely bloody!

The moment the screams sounded, Qu Qingshan’s exasperated voice sounded again.

“Contact the emergency center immediately. We need a mobile medical pod with full life support mode! Right away! Within three minutes!”

The moment Qu Qingshan roared, Xu Tui, who had been electrocuted, stood up and roared down the stage again.

“Mr. Wen, who else is coming? Who else from the Supernatural Branch is coming?” Xu Tui gritted his teeth and roared. An indescribably tragic aura spread out around the Longhu arena.

All the students watching the battle, whether they were below the ring or watching the live broadcast, were shocked!

Some of them were scared!

Many first-year students near the arena vomited on the spot when they saw this unprecedented bloody scene.

Wen Shao’s expression was pale, but he still remained silent.

Zheng Shaohong, the dean of the Supernatural Branch, was watching the live stream in his office in the Mysterious Academy’s office building. He frowned when he saw Xu Tui’s crazed expression.

After thinking for a moment, he dialed a phone number!