Chapter 263 - Determined Cultivation Level

Chapter 263: Determined Cultivation Level

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

**Friday, 25 September**

Xu Tui has been hospitalized for the seventh day.

Seven days after the Year One Longhu List ended. It was also the last day of the individual assessment.

...

The seven days of hospitalization included a bone-stimulating growth shot, a circulation shot, and a growth factor splitting shot. This allowed Xu Tui to recover from his injuries very quickly.

The skin grafting on his leg had already come to life. Furthermore, it would completely recover in a day or two.

It would take another seven days for his thigh bone to completely recover.

However, Xu Tui could already get out of bed and move around by himself. Of course, he still had to use a walking stick to prevent his broken leg from being affected. As for the problem of taking care of himself, he could take care of himself on the first day he broke his leg with the help of his mind power.

Otherwise, it would be as troublesome as it was said to be. It would be a problem to get out of bed.

Therefore, Xu Tui obtained the doctor’s permission early on Friday morning and completed the discharge procedures.

Of course, even though he had been discharged from the hospital, he still had to make a trip to the medical center every day. He still had to inject the bone-growth medicine for a week.

Dai Lijun, whose legs had been severed, could not be discharged from the hospital for the time being.

Xu Tui thought about it and felt that he should be more kind and not want to provoke Dai Lijun anymore. As fellow patients, being able to be discharged first was also a slight advantage.

However, Xu Tui was in a hurry to be discharged because today was the last day of the individual assessment for freshmen. If he did not go for the evaluation today, he could take the test in the future. However, the results of the test could not be calculated by the overall ranking.

After leaving the medical center, Xu Tui used his real name to borrow an obstacle-free repulsion wheelchair. It was really inconvenient for him to rely on a walking stick to travel around the school. The obstacle-free repulsion wheelchair could fly up to one meter above the ground and maintain a low speed of 25 kilometers per hour. It was very convenient to use in school.

In the individual comprehensive assessment, most of the data had already been fixed after the end of the three-month-long growth period and the ranking battle.

The only thing that the students had to do themselves was to determine their level.

When Xu Tui entered the school, he had already confirmed his student’s level. Previously, he had been a mid-grade Level C student. The treatment of a specially-recruited student was increased by a level, and he had reached high-grade Level C.

However, this level was only valid for three months. After three months, they would have to reassess their level. After three months of growth, the genetic abilities of the newcomers had improved greatly.

The determination of an individual’s level was no longer as simple and crude as the number of genetic base points activated. That was a last-minute move when a new student entered the school.

After the three-month growth protection period, the level of each student would be determined by one thing—the level of the genetic newcomer!

After being tested by the various institutions in the school, the school would determine the genetic newcomers’ level of the students. After three months of growth, how many genetic ability chains would the students unlock?

Was he a Level F genetic liberator? Or a Level E Genetic Liberator?

This was the basis for the students’ individual level assessment.

It was extremely hard-core. However, different ages had different standards.

For example, if one was recognized as a Level E Genetic Liberator in the first semester of their freshman year, they would be able to receive Level C benefits from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. As for the grades of it, that would depend on the quality of their abilities.

However, if they were still a Level E Genetic Liberator in the second semester, they would only receive Level D benefits.

In the second year, Level E Genetic Liberators had become a passing point.

One had to activate more genetic ability chains and become a Level D or Level C Genetic Liberator in order to obtain better level benefits.

So far, the entire Blue Star had a relatively comprehensive evaluation of genetic newcomers.

As long as it was a known genetic ability, it could be recognized. Be it combat support-type scientific research or even life-type abilities, they could be included in the genetic newcomer cultivation level.

However, in the past few decades, as individual abilities became stronger, combat and support abilities became more popular and valued.

The Genetic Committee at various levels had the qualifications to determine the cultivation level of genetic newcomers.

Of course, as the top university, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College could complete this series of determination.

The process of determination was very simple. It was a display of ability.

Some abilities only needed to be displayed. Some abilities could only be recognized with the help of some precision instruments.

Comparatively, it was easier for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had determined that he had two abilities when his mind power was instantiated.

One was low-level instantiation, while the other was high-level instantiation. This was considered two genetic abilities. The requirement for high-level instantiation was to materialize two or more objects that had a certain endurance.

The endurance requirement for high-level instantiation was one ton.

Originally, according to the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, one could only obtain the ability of high-level instantiation after activating all the second level genetic base points.

However, Xu Tui’s mind power had been strengthened once after he had been injected with the genetic transcriptional fluid from the Black Crown Queen Bee. He could materialize his mind power at a high level very early on.

However, he had completed a total of 17 cultivation cycles in the past seven days.

Xu Tui had been cultivating for the past seven days in the hospital. That was equivalent to seventeen days of cultivation.

He improved at lightning speed. He had successfully activated the 23th genetic base point of the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. He was just short of the 24th one.

Therefore, it was too easy for Xu Tui to confirm these two abilities.

He also confirmed his ability to control items.

Controlling items was to use mind power to activate the Alloy Silver Pills and flying swords. Those who could control two or more objects at the same time and could increase their speed to 500 meters per second could be recognized as having the ability to control high-level objects.

Xu Tui’s flying sword was traveling at a speed of over 1,500 meters per second. It was even faster than a bullet from a high-powered electric sniper. It was extremely easy for him to obtain the recognition of these two abilities.

Of course, Xu Tui only displayed his flying speed of 500 to 600 meters per second. He would not display his maximum speed during the assessment.

Xu Tui was not a fool.

He had obtained the ability of mental perception at the start of school. According to the rules, if the radius of one’s mental perception exceeded 10 meters, one would be able to determine that they had obtained an advanced mental perception ability.

Xu Tui held back a little when it came to identifying abilities. He did not identify the ability as a high-level mental perception.

The reason was very simple. If they recognize this, his information would be uploaded to the Genetic Committee’s public website. Although it required a certain level of authority to check, and it was said to protect one’s privacy, such protection was no different from no protection.

Many genetic newcomers used the same method as Xu Tui to protect their privacy.

Mental chain and mental whip are abilities that have long been spread. Xu Tui confirmed all of them.

Of course, it was just a foundation.

For example, the ability of the mental chain required one’s mental chain to be connected to something 50 meters away.

As the same as before, Xu Tui would only display a 50-meter mental chain. As for the fact that Xu Tui could already send a flying sword 200 meters away, he would not easily display it.

The bean-flicking divine power was no longer a genetic ability. Whether it was his initial speed or his accuracy without using his mind power, he could not reach the requirements.

What surprised Xu Tui was that he could obtain an ability that was named Advanced Reaction Speed when his reaction speed exceeded 10 milliseconds. If one’s reaction speed exceeded 1 millisecond, they could be considered to have obtained the ability of super reaction speed.

Xu Tui immediately recognized this ability. After all, as the person who discovered the eighth and ninth reaction-type genetic base points, it was normal for his reaction speed to be fast.

Of course, he would not be stupid enough to register his Time Distortion ability.

In the end, Xu Tui even made a trip to the Extreme Branch and determined that he would be able to perform a minor circulation of an energy field.

Actually, Xu Tui was a little hesitant before he verified this ability. His initial thought was whether or not he should preserve the energy field ability, so as to add a layer of mystery to his combat strength.

Finally, after analyzing it with Ah Huang, there was no need.

As the first-year Dragon, Xu Tui had a lot of videos circulating on the public web. As long as they analyzed it carefully, they would be able to tell that Xu Tui already had the ability to carry energy fields.

Moreover, he had successfully cultivated the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field, the Vajra Shield.

The Vajra Shield would be Xu Tui’s trump card for his defense and survival for a period of time.

He might as well take the initiative to expose the ability of the Lesser Heavenly Cycle Energy Field and obtain some benefits.

This way, Xu Tui had gathered a total of eight genetic abilities.

Low-level instantiation, high-level instantiation, mental perception, mental chain, mental whip, advanced reaction speed, super reaction speed, and Lesser heavenly cycle energy field.

Xu Tui was not the only one who was shocked. The teachers and students in the school were all shocked.

Eight genetic abilities in three months.

After the school reported it, he would be recognized by the Genetic Committee and become a Level C genetic liberator registered in the entire Blue Star. If he worked hard, he could get another genetic ability, coming up to nine of it.

The Level B Genetic Liberator is already waving at Xu Tui.

When the news spread, the students who knew about it were shocked.

Many outstanding second-year students were only Level C Genetic Liberators. For example, Chai Xiao, who was ranked last on the Longhu List in his second year, was only a Level C genetic liberator.

Xu Tui was only a freshman. He had only studied for three months.

At that moment, countless students sent Xu Tui private messages, asking him to share his training experience.

How could he be so fast?

Xu Tui expressed that he was only training hard and improving every day.

This was the first time he felt that his cultivation speed was too fast.

After all, he had hidden several abilities.