Chapter 260 - The Body Is Too Crisp

Chapter 260: The Body Is Too Crisp

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The rewards on the Longhu List were extremely generous.

A first-year dragon had a reward cycle of three days. He would receive four bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir every three days when he was still on the rankings.

In terms of value, the average daily reward was 6,666 yuan. That was 200,000 a month!

...

A reward worth 200,000!

Who wouldn’t be tempted? Who wouldn’t be jealous?

Xu Tui’s parents both went out to work. The annual income they received was less than 110,000 yuan.

As for the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, as long as they obtained the ranking of a first-year dragon, they would earn 200,000 yuan a month.

This was only the reward on the surface. The value of a teacher and other resources were priceless. For example, the Dragon and Tiger of each year had priority when using the school’s public cultivation facilities and equipment.

Xu Tui had already decided that he would risk his life to fight with anyone who dared to snatch the position of the Year One Dragon from him in the future.

200,000 a month was a huge income for 99% of ordinary families.

It was also because of this that the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College only distributed resources for students to cultivate. If they were given cash, many students would probably choose to save a portion of it instead of using it all for cultivation.

This was only the reward of being a first-year Dragon.

Compared to the rankings on the year One Longhu List, the rankings of the Longhu Overall Rankings in Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were much more valuable.

His reward of the Energy Elixirs was increased by a large level on top of the Year One Longhu List.

The Dragon of Huaxia on the Longhu Overall Rankings would obtain four bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every three days. The Tiger of Huaxia to the 10th place would obtain three bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every three days.

From 11th to 40th place on the Longhu Overall Rankings, they will obtain two bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every three days.

From the 41st to the 70th place on the Longhu Overall Rankings, they would receive a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every three days.

From the 71st to the 100th place on the Longhu Overall Rankings, they would receive five bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir every three days or one bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every six days.

Jealous!

Xu Tui, who had just obtained the 86th place on the Longhu Overall Rankings, did not hold back his envy for the position of the Dragon of Huaxia.

Four bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every three days. Damn it. Two million a month. If he could be on the rankings for a year, that would be 24 million!

That was a fortune that Xu Tui’s family would not be able to see in their lifetime. It was the income that Xu Tui’s parents earned from working hard for 20 years. It was the kind that did not require them to consume food, water, or have any expenses.

Of course, the Dragon of Huaxia was worthy of this additional reward.

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College was a place where the geniuses of the various prefectures in the Huaxia Sector gathered. It was not easy to stand out and secure the title of the Dragon of Huaxia.

However, regardless of whether he could obtain the position of the Dragon of Huaxia in the future or not, Xu Tui would try to go for it in the future.

Xu Tui looked at the reward for the Dragon of Huaxia, then looked at the reward for being ranked 86th on the Longhu Overall Rankings. It immediately lost its appeal.

He was ranked 86th on the Longhu Overall Rankings. He would obtain five bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir every three days or one bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every six days.

If he was on the rankings steadily, it would be worth 250,000 a month.

Looking at the ranking reward, Xu Tui suddenly understood why Cui Xi and the others took a long time to challenge the new ranking.

This was because it was meaningless to increase one’s ranking by one or two or even three to five ranks at once.

Every 30 ranks was a step up.

For example, Cui Xi, who was previously ranked 79th on the Longhu Overall Rankings, had not challenged the rankings. He probably wanted to reach the top 70 of the Longhu Overall Rankings in one go.

Moreover, the most important thing was that he had to be able to defend his position after his reward for reaching the top 70 increased by a level.

If he could not defend for more than three days, the ranking he obtained would only be an experience bag for others. If he wanted to win, he had to have the strength to maintain his ranking!

Of course, this was Xu Tui’s rather simple thought.

The rewards for Longhu Overall Rankings and the Year One Longhu List were stacked by the school.

This way, Xu Tui would be able to obtain 450,000 yuan worth of Energy Restoration Elixir in a month as long as he maintained these two rankings.

Based on Xu Tui’s current cultivation expenditure, he had managed to solve at least one-third of his cultivation expenditure in a month.

This was probably the happiest thing for Xu Tui at the moment. As for the honor, extra-terrestrial spots, and other benefits, he was not that happy before he got them.

This was a pure material gain.

Xu Tui had gained even more from the six battles that he had fought in today’s Longhu Overall Rankings.

That’s right. A total of seven people in the school’s judging panel had given their opinions on the battle between Xu Tui and Dai Lijun. Six of them had determined that Xu Tui would be judged as the loser.

The reason was basically the same. First of all, if An Xiaoxue, the judge who was on duty, did not interfere, Xu Tui would be in a life-threatening situation. Even if Dai Lijun did not attack after he broke his leg, the Sea of Fire and the Fire Snake could still threaten Xu Tui’s life.

Secondly, even though Xu Tui’s flying sword had sent Dai Lijun’s leg flying, based on the current situation, even if it could break through Dai Lijun’s flame crystal shield, it would lose its speed and power. It would not be able to pose a fatal threat to Dai Lijun.

Dai Lijun’s head, including his vital organs, were all protected by the flame crystal shield. During this time, even though Wen Shao had lowered his mind power because Dai Lijun was injured, Xu Tui could no longer pose a fatal threat to Dai Lijun. This was a fact.

Based on the opinions of the specialists above, Qu Qingshan, as the chief referee on duty, would judge that the challenger, Dai Lijun, had won against the defender, Xu Tui, in the ranking battle of the 85th place on the Longhu Overall Rankings.

Dai Lijun was ranked 85th on the Longhu Overall Rankings. Xu Tui, who was originally ranked 85th, was ranked one place lower.

These were the details.

Qu Qingshan had not only sent the specialists’ opinions to Xu Tui, but he had also made a public announcement on the display below the Longhu Overall Rankings.

The method was very good. The students accepted it calmly.

Xu Tui also felt that this judgment was very pertinent.

In reality, the battle strategy that Xu Tui had set for himself when he faced Dai Lijun was quite shameless.

He had to end this quickly. If he could not win in a short period of time or cause enough damage to Dai Lijun, or if Dai Lijun’s attacks were fatal, he would admit defeat on the spot and obtain the protection of the teacher on duty.

Xu Tui would definitely not be able to defeat Dai Lijun in a tug-of-war if he could not win a quick battle.

He had a clear understanding of this. He gained a clearer understanding of his own strength during the five wins and one loss. He realized his shortcomings.

The first point was to cultivate the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field as soon as possible.

The first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was just a fan-shaped Vajra Tide Force Field, the Vajra Shield. However, his defense ability would increase exponentially, especially when it came to the vital points on his upper body.

In terms of pure defensive strength, Xu Tui’s current mental shield was slightly weaker than his energy field. It was inferior to the Vajra Shield. However, his mental shield was more flexible.

The second point was that Xu Tui had to immediately cultivate the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain once he mastered the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field. After he mastered the Major Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain, he would be able to defend his legs with an energy field. The defensive power of his legs would increase greatly.

Xu Tui’s ability to survive on the battlefield would be greatly enhanced. However, he would still be injured if he was attacked again like Dai Lijun.

He would have to cultivate the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field and cultivate the Vajra Barrier if he wanted to avoid being injured by similar attacks from Dai Lijun. At that time, he would truly have the ability to survive on the battlefield.

As long as he used the Vajra Shield, he could last for dozens of seconds or even a minute in the sea of fire.

That was the defense aspect.

Xu Tui realized that his biggest problem at the moment was that his attacks were too simple.

Currently, the most effective methods of attack were the Alloy Silver Pill, the Flying Sword, and the mental whip. There were too few changes. There were no sustainable attacks.

For example, Dai Lijun’s attack methods like the Sea of Fire, the Fire Snake, the Flame Whip, and the Directional Flame Explosion had already become a system.

This was what Xu Tui lacked at the moment. He would have to form his own attack system if he wanted to increase his ranking on the Longhu Overall Rankings in the future. Otherwise, even if he succeeded in the challenge, it would be easy for others to target him after they studied his tactics. He would not be able to defend the arena.

This was a big problem!

While Xu Tui was thinking about it, he had to find some time to discuss this with his teacher, An Xiaoxue.

Of course, he could not relax in cultivating his mind power.

His current goal is to complete the first three levels of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. Currently, he has activated the 18th genetic base point of the second level. There were still six left. He would be able to activate and complete the second level. The third level only had 12 genetic base points.

The fourth problem that Xu Tui concluded was that his current body was too fragile.

Even if his survivability on the battlefield would increase greatly because he cultivated the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field and cultivated the Vajra Barrier, it would still be a huge problem if his body was too fragile.

Once the enemy broke through his defense, a powerful attack would cause Xu Tui’s limbs to be damaged.

For example, the broken leg today would greatly affect his combat strength and mobility. Even if the current medical technology had greatly improved and an injury like a broken leg could be healed in half a month, when it came to an emergency, half a month’s time was extremely dangerous.

“In the future, I have to start looking for genetic ability chains that can increase the strength and recovery ability of my body.”

Xu Tui set another mid-term goal for himself.

“Yes, the fifth problem. When I have time, I have to strengthen the other eight unstrengthened reaction-type genetic base points. It should be able to increase the duration of Time Distortion. The absolute reaction time brought by this ability is very useful in battle…”

Xu Tui, who was in the middle of the surgery, fell asleep while he was deep in thought. Perhaps he was tired, or perhaps it was the effects of the anesthetic.