Chapter 264 - The New Transfer Of Money Made Xu Tui Explode (1)

Chapter 264: The New Transfer of Money Made Xu Tui Explode (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

In the end, Xu Tui obtained the certification of a Level C genetic liberator.

In other words, from this moment on, Xu Tui was already a Level C genetic liberator recognized by the Genetic Committee.

Through this verification process, Xu Tui roughly understood that the cultivation level announced by the genetic newcomers only represented the lowest limit of a person’s strength.

...

Using Xu Tui as an example, he was currently a Level C genetic liberator. That meant that he had the strength of a Level C genetic liberator.

However, if Xu Tui’s opponent thought that he only had the strength of a Level C Genetic Liberator, he would be too naive.

Xu Tui had hidden three more powerful abilities.

If all three abilities were confirmed, he would definitely get the certification level of a Level A Genetic Liberator.

Under normal circumstances, such information that was uploaded to the Genetic Committee’s database had to be used as a reference.

For example, Xu Tui’s enemies. Those who were smarter would be able to find out that Xu Tui was a Level C Genetic Liberator. Then, they would have to be a Level B Genetic Liberator to deal with Xu Tui.

However, there was a limit to how big of a discrepancy the enemies could determine. There was the limit of a big realm.

There was a huge difference between the Genetic Liberation Realm and the Genetic Mutant Realm.

Other than the directional enhancement of a certain genetic chain, the genetic mutation medicine used during genetic mutation could also be used to strengthen the basic qualities of the body.

For example, when they were in the Genetic Liberation Realm, students from the Extreme Branch could run 100 meters in six seconds. They were the best in terms of speed.

However, at the Genetic Mutation Realm, as long as one had mutated two or three genetic ability chains, even a Mystery Branch cultivator could easily run 100 meters in six seconds without any special training.

The influence brought about by the mutation of the genetic chain had the effect of strengthening the basic qualities of the body. It was also the source of the Genetic Mutation Realm crushing the Genetic Liberators.

Xu Tui felt that he had to focus on researching related information regarding genetic mutation in the future. Even if he had a teacher he could consult, he had to have a certain level of foundation before he could ask the key questions and understand them.

In the end, according to the rules of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Xu Tui’s personal rank in the first semester of his freshman year was Level A.

In terms of personal level recognition, Level E Genetic Liberators could obtain the school’s Level C individual level recognition and enjoy the Level C scholarship benefits.

Level D Genetic Liberators could enjoy Level B scholarship benefits.

Level C Genetic Liberators would be able to enjoy Level A scholarship benefits.

As for whether he would receive a low-grade or high-grade Level A scholarship, the small-grade recognition would depend on the school’s evaluation of the value of the ability.

A more powerful ability had the highest chance of obtaining a higher evaluation.

In the end, Xu Tui’s outstanding mind power and powerful ability to control objects allowed him to receive the benefits of a mid-grade Level A rights.

Other than Xu Tui, no one else in the entire first-year cohort of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had received an Level A recognition.

Even Peter, the Tiger of the first-year students, had only been recognized as a low-grade Level B right because he was a Level D genetic liberator.

The difference in the benefits was huge!

The scholarships and benefits of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College were a huge watershed above Level C.

If they only talked about the Energy Restoration Elixirs, the high-grade Level C benefits were five bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs every month.

However, once the scholarship benefits reached Level B, it would directly become a Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.

A low-grade Level B benefit was a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir a month.

The individual’s level was determined to be mid-grade Level B and he would enjoy the benefits of a mid-grade Level B. He would receive two bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir a month.

High-grade Level B would receive three bottles, low-grade Level A would receive four bottles, and mid-grade Level A would receive five bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.

Five bottles a month. That was 250,000 a month!

This benefit made Xu Tui scream.

If this benefit was maintained for a year, those elites who earned more than a million a year would be envious and jealous of Xu Tui.

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College did not have Level S benefits.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would expose one or two more abilities and obtain one or two extreme-type genetic ability chains to enjoy Level S welfare.

However, in the second semester, before the individual cultivation level was re-evaluated, the scholarship benefits would be lowered by a large level.

As the learning phase continued, the assessment criteria continued to increase.

Still, it was good enough.

The newly-assessed individual-level scholarship benefits and the first-year dragon’s ranking reward, together with the reward of being ranked 86th on the Longhu Overall Rankings had reached 700,000 every month, and that was only in terms of Energy Restoration Elixir.

Based on this number, Xu Tui’s annual income was already at a high level.

The benefits of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College could be seen from this. The stronger the student, the harder they worked, the more resources they would receive.

However, what frustrated Xu Tui was that when he was so excited that he started howling, he was immediately provoked by a text message and started howling in anger.

“Xu Tui, congratulations on obtaining a personal rating of mid-grade Level A. You will enjoy mid-grade Level A scholarship benefits.