Chapter 268 - The Elective Course Recommended By Luo Shifeng (2)

Chapter 268: The Elective Course Recommended By Luo Shifeng (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“I, Old Luo, have a strong backbone now in our school, the Genetic Research Institute, and even the entire professor circle because of this research.”

Luo Shifeng gave himself a thumbs up.

“F*ck, the professors and associate professors from other schools used to call me Old Luo when they came. Now that they see me, they’re so affectionate and keep calling me Mr. Luo! They couldn’t wait to carry me to their school for a lecture! Tell me, how could I not feel good!”

...

Without waiting for Xu Tui’s reply, Luo Shifeng slapped his thigh and said, “I feel f*cking good!”

Xu Tui was stunned. Was it that satisfying?

“That’s right, Xu Tui. The top Genetic Evolution College in each sector has sent an invitation. They want to invite you and me to do an academic report. Are you going? The other party will be responsible for all the expenses. In the end, there will be a carriage fee of 100,000 to 200,000 yuan.” Luo Shifeng asked.

“I’ll get paid?” Xu Tui’s eyes lit up. “How long will it take?”

“It’s hard to say for now. The schedule is tight. It might take a day or two,” Luo Shifeng said.

“We’ll talk about it when the time comes. I’ll go if the time is short and get some money. I won’t go for those that take a long time. I don’t know what to report anyway,” Xu Tui said honestly.

“Oh, right. Do you want to buy out or use the authorization fees for the ninth reaction speed type genetic base point and this genetic ability chain that passively increases the overall reaction speed?” Luo Shifeng asked.

“Authorization fees,” Xu Tui answered without hesitation.

“The Huaxia Genetic Committee has analyzed the target population for the ninth reaction-type genetic base point and the passive comprehensive reaction speed genetic ability chain. The target population should be relatively stronger genetic newcomers.

“There are two ways to authorize the shares. The first is to sell to the public for 100 contribution points per person, and the second is slightly more expensive, which goes for the high-end route. They will pay 500 contribution points per person,” Luo Shifeng said.

Due to the discovery of a new genetic ability chain, the authorization fee this time was directly increased.

Xu Tui thought for a moment and asked, “Mr. Luo, can I add some details?”

“Go on.”

“I’ll choose the authorization fee for the public, but add an additional 100,000 in cash.”

“A hundred thousand dollars and a hundred contribution points, right?”

Xu Tui nodded.

“It should be possible. I’ll give you feedback when I’m done. If there’s no problem, sign all these documents. Remember, after signing these documents, you can’t casually authorize this result to other organizations. Of course, you can personally teach the results to your friends and family.

“However, you have to go to the official page of the Huaxia Genetic Committee to register every student you taught. Otherwise, you would be in big trouble and you will face legal action from the Huaxia Genetic Committee in the future.

“In addition, after signing this document, the Huaxia Genetic Committee will give a discount to cultivators in the Huaxia Sector, such as our school or other Huaxia cultivators. Is that okay?”

“No problem.”

Xu Tui agreed readily and signed his name.

At this moment, Liu Lan had already left. Luo Shifeng rubbed his hands excitedly and said, “Next, I’ll have to spend five to ten years or even longer to prove the genetic ability of Time Distortion. When the time comes, I’ll give you the name of the second researcher. Is that okay?”

Xu Tui naturally expressed that there was no problem. He did not have to be one of the researchers. This was purely Luo Shifeng’s achievement.

Xu Tui would not be able to spend five, ten, or even more than ten years in order to prove one thing.

After receiving an affirmative answer, Luo Shifeng became even more excited. “Heh, when the time comes, I can really do whatever I want in the research world! When the principal saw me, he had to call me Elder Luo. If you successfully activate it, remember to tell me,” Luo Shifeng said as he patted Xu Tui’s shoulder.

Xu Tui nodded. He thought about it and did not tell Luo Shifeng that he had obtained the Time Distortion ability. It would be too shocking if word got out.

Anyway, telling Luo Shifeng for the time being would not help. One or two examples would not work in a replication research. He would think about it when it was about time.

Looking at Luo Shifeng, Xu Tui suddenly asked a question that he had been thinking about for a long time. “Mr. Luo, have you seen the battle of the Longhu List?”

“I did!”

Luo Shifeng nodded. “Youth knows no fear! In your final battle with Dai Lijun, you went with the mindset that both sides would suffer, right? It’s good that you have An Xiaoxue to protect you. Without her protection, you can’t do that again.”

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. It seemed that many people had seen through his little scheme.

“Mr. Luo, what I want to ask is, after you watched my battle, what do you think of my fighting style?” Xu Tui asked.

Luo Shifeng was stunned for a moment. He suddenly sat up straight. “Kid, just say what you want to ask. You’re going to be an associate professor in the future. Don’t beat around the bush!”

Xu Tui chuckled. “It’s like this, Mr. Luo. I realized that my fighting style is rather simple, especially my attacking style. I mainly rely on my flying swords and silver pills.

“Previously, the silver pills had already been trapped by the Lotus Water Shield. If my flying sword was disturbed or lost control by the enemy again, I might be caught red-handed and lose the ability to attack. That’s why I wanted to hear your opinion,” Xu Tui said sincerely.