Chapter 267 - The Elective Course Recommended By Luo Shifeng (1)

Chapter 267: The Elective Course Recommended By Luo Shifeng (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Xu Tui, good news. Just yesterday, the Huaxia Genetic Committee has already conducted research on the ninth newly discovered reaction-type genetic base point and the passive genetic ability chain to increase the comprehensive reaction speed.

“It has been successfully replicated and verified by the Huaxia Genetic Committee. This is the greatest discovery in the genetic base points of reaction speed in the past hundred years.

“Especially this passive genetic ability chain that increases one’s overall reaction speed. Once it was exposed, it immediately attracted the attention of the Genetic Committee of the various sectors. They all requested the Huaxia Genetic Committee to grant them the rights.”

...

…

Luo Shifeng pulled Xu Tui into his office. His face was flushed. His joy was no different from what he had discovered from his research. He could not stop smiling.

On the other hand, Xu Tui did not feel much. Didn’t he just discover a few new genetic base points that were related to reaction speed?

That seemed to be the case.

Xu Tui was more concerned about the reward. The last time he discovered an eighth genetic base point, he had received a large number of rewards. This time, there should be no less.

Luo Shifeng seemed to have seen through Xu Tui’s thoughts. He took out a document and handed it to Xu Tui.

“Here, this is the temporary reward given to you by the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.”

Xu Tui took the document and quickly scanned through it. Then, he smiled.

This time, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College awarded Xu Tui, the number one researcher, five million cash and five thousand contribution points. The second and third researchers would be given additional rewards and would no longer be divided within this reward.

In addition, Xu Tui would be appointed as an intermediate researcher in the Neurology Department of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College for a term of five years.

Xu Tui was stunned by this treatment. He was an intermediate researcher. This treatment was good enough.

In the current university, they were still assistant teachers, lecturers, senior lecturers, associate professors, and professors.

In the research institute, the positions were: trainee researcher, assistant researcher, junior researcher, intermediate researcher, and senior researcher.

They were all divided into five levels.

In other words, the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College had given Xu Tui the title of associate professor. Moreover, the term of this intermediate researcher was five years.

The last time he was a special researcher, his term was only three years.

“Got it?”

Luo Shifeng suddenly laughed. “In other words, from the moment you get this document, you can directly stay in school when you’re in your fourth year.

“Moreover, you’re an intermediate researcher. When the time came, you could easily produce some small results and make an exception to become an associate professor!

“Haha, I think I can address you as Associate Professor Xu now!”

Xu Tui was dumbfounded. Associate Professor Xu? He felt that this title was awesome!

In the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, many teachers had worked hard for more than ten years or even more than twenty years, but they were only associate professors.

For example, Miss Liu Lan. She’s been in school for almost three years, and she’s still a teaching assistant. She, who was eagerly serving tea to Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng, was filled with envy. She had been a teaching assistant for three years. According to the rules, she would be promoted to a lecturer by the end of the year.

However, she had taken advantage of Xu Tui’s dividends to a third researcher position. There were results too. If she was lucky, she might be promoted to a senior lecturer within a year or two.

“Look at this. It’s a commendation from the Huaxia Genetic Committee.”

Luo Shifeng handed Xu Tui another document. The content of the praise was similar. Xu Tui’s focus was the same.

Reward!

10 million cash reward, 10,000 contribution points!

At the same time, Xu Tui entered the Huaxia Special Talent Bank and entered the list of key security personnel of the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division. They set up a special communication channel for him.

Luo Shifeng, who knew Xu Tui’s personality, smiled and explained, “The rewards given by the Huaxia Genetic Committee are shared. However, there was a change in the rules this time. The dozen or so volunteers and the third researcher, Liu Lan, took 10% of the profits. I, the second researcher, will take 10%. The rest will be yours.”

After explaining the distribution plan, Luo Shifeng asked Liu Lan, “Miss Liu, do you have any objections to the distribution?”

“No, no.”

Liu Lan quickly waved her hand. She had been tutoring the volunteers and had done a secondary pioneering job. She did not dare to have any objections to the honor and benefits that she had picked up for free.

“Mr. Luo, 10% is too little. I’ll take 50%, and you’ll take 40%.” Xu Tui said.

“Don’t talk to me about this! Have you noticed the changes in me recently?” Luo Shifeng suddenly stood up and took two steps with his head held high. He looked high-spirited. He looked rather pleased with himself.

Xu Tui was confused.

“This… Mr. Luo, you look the same as before?”

“What kind of look is that?”

Luo Shifeng had a look of disdain. “Miss Liu, what changes do you think I have?”

“You’re more handsome, more elegant, and more charming!” Liu Lan blurted out!

Xu Tui was dumbfounded.

Liu Lan, Miss Liu, can’t you be more reserved with your flattery? Wasn’t this too direct?

However, Luo Shifeng enjoyed it very much. He nodded confidently. “As long as a man has a strong back, he will be confident, charming, charismatic, and handsome!