Chapter 265 - The New Transfer Of Money Made Xu Tui Explode (2)

Chapter 265: The New Transfer of Money Made Xu Tui Explode (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“However, you are still under the period of warning punishment. Your warning punishment will be revoked on December 11th. According to the rules, you can only enjoy low-grade Level A scholarship benefits for the next three months.”

Xu Tui had just returned to his dormitory when he received a message from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s logistics center.

Xu Tui was so angry that he threw his walking stick aside.

...

Damn it! Fifty thousand dollars was gone!

Xu Tui’s heart ached when he was deducted 5,000 dollars previously. His father, Xu Jianguo, had only earned 5,000 yuan after working hard for a month. At this moment, another 50,000 yuan had suddenly been deducted. It was a three-month deduction. He was furious.

This was equivalent to the money that his father, Xu Jianguo, had saved up for three years without eating or drinking. All of it had been deducted by this warning.

It was only because Wen Shao was not in front of him right now. If Wen Shao was in front of him, Xu Tui would definitely have spat on his face. Hitting a teacher was against the school rules, but scolding a teacher was not against the school rules.

Xu Tui could not calm down because of this.

He had caused the Supernatural Branch to lose first place in the teaching assessment. He should have also obtained first place in the comprehensive assessment of the freshmen. His goal had been achieved, but the money deducted from the warning punishment was real.

He had to think of a way to recover his losses in the future.

It took a while for Xu Tui to calm down. He adjusted his mood and tidied up his room. Then, he lay on the bed and covered himself with the blanket. Xu Tui was prepared to give his parents a video call later.

Xu Tui had been calling his mother once or twice a week. During the seven days that he had been hospitalized, Xu Tui had rejected his mother’s calls twice.

He was afraid that his mother would be worried if she saw him staying in the hospital. He covered his broken leg with a blanket. As long as Xu Tui did not get off the bed, no one would be able to tell.

He looked at the time. It was only 6.30 p.m. He guessed that his parents had just gotten off work and were cooking dinner. He planned to call his mother at eight in the evening. He would read a book first.

Xu Tui had just flipped open a book on genetic ancient martial arts when his communication device suddenly beeped. He had received a message.

Xu Tui was instantly stunned when he saw it.

“Xu Tui, you received an immediate transfer of 860,000 yuan from your personal account. The source of the transfer is Xu Jianguo.”

Xu Tui was shocked.

860,000! Where did his dad get so much money?

Xu Tui instantly thought of something that his father, Xu Jianguo, had mentioned to him a month ago. He wanted to sell the house. He had to sell his house for Xu Tui to cultivate and increase his strength!

At that time, Xu Tui strongly opposed and stopped them. Xu Jianguo seemed to have accepted Xu Tui’s objection. He did not say anything. However, a month had passed, and his father had quietly transferred a large sum of money over.

He had sold his house! He had definitely sold his house!

Xu Tui’s old house in Jincheng Prefecture, which had two bedrooms and a living room, was only sold for a little more than 800,000 yuan.

In a month, he would be able to complete the transaction.

Xu Tui felt like his head was about to explode.

In order to provide for his cultivation, his parents had sold the old house that they had lived in for more than 20 years. Where did his parents live now?

Xu Tui became anxious. He did not care anymore and called his mother directly.

“Mom, why did you sell the house you lived in for so many years? Where are you going to live after selling the house? Why didn’t you discuss it with me when you sold the house?” Xu Tui asked.

Zhang Xiuli looked a little tired, but she was still very happy when she saw Xu Tui. “Improvement. Let me show you where your father and I live. This is our bedroom. It has an air-conditioner and a large closet. Look at this. It’s a kitchen. It’s smaller, but it’s enough for your father and me.

“Although there was no dining room, it was the same as eating in the living room. It would be a waste to leave it empty. There’s also hot water in the bathroom. We can even take a bath…”

Xu Tui’s eyes suddenly became moist as he watched his mother’s phone screen flash past.

“Mom, where should I stay when I get back?”

“Your vacation is short now, so you’ll probably only be back for half a month. The living room sofa can accommodate you…”

…

Xu Tui felt an inexplicable sadness as he chatted with his mother. His parents had even sold their house for him. Although the old house was small, at least it could fit three closets. Among the three closets, Xu Tui shared one with his father while his mother took up two.

Now, this newly rented house…

“Improvement. You should have received the money, right? Don’t worry, your mother and I are fine! The house feels quite empty when you go to school. It was a good deal. Anyway, it’s just me and your mother now. It feels heartwarming since it became small.”

…

Xu Tui really wanted to say that he had millions of dollars now. He could transfer two million yuan to his parents for them to buy a house.

He could still afford the money.

However, Xu Tui did not display or transfer the money in the end. He knew his parents’ personalities very well. Even if he transferred two million yuan, they would only save it for him. They would not be willing to spend it on themselves.

“Ah Huang, check the information on the apartment that my parents rented.” His parents were afraid that Xu Tui would be worried, so they naturally picked the best one for him to show. The bad aspects would definitely not be displayed.

In the past, Xu Tui would not have been able to find out. Now, with Ah Huang’s help, it was very easy.

Xu Tui quickly obtained the information and compared it to the previous house. The house was smaller. Other than his mother’s clothes, he could actually accept it.

According to his father, Xu Jianguo, there were ten thousand rooms in the city, but he could not sleep more than three feet in a bed.

The key was the convenience and comfort of life.

Soon, the results were out.

The rent of the newly rented house was not high. It was only 1,800 yuan a month. However, the location was a little remote and the house was a little old.

His father’s commute to work increased by about 50 minutes every day, while his mother’s commute increased by about 30 minutes. After moving, his parents would have to spend nearly two hours on the way to work.

The sixth floor of the old building was the top floor. There was no elevator. They had to climb.

It was not a residential area, nor did it have property. It was messy and had problems with safety.

Ah Huang also sent Xu Tui another message about the house that his parents had rented.

It was an old house. The water pipes were old and often had to be repaired. Moreover, the reason was that water would seep through when it rained.

…

“Sigh…”

Xu Tui looked at the 860,000 dollars that had suddenly increased in his personal account. He felt that the money was very hot and heavy.

“Ah Huang, can you find out how long my parents paid the rent?”

“One month down payment and three months of advance payment.”

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that.

The price of housing in Jincheng Prefecture was not high. It was a little more than 10,000 yuan. Buying a new three-bedroom apartment of about 80 square meters would cost a million yuan.

It cost more than 100,000 yuan to renovate it.

Xu Tui could afford the money now. However, if he transferred the money to his parents, there was a high chance that they would save it up and not buy a house. It was more likely that they would plan to buy a house for Xu Tui.

If he wanted to buy a new house for his parents, Xu Tui would have to buy a suite when he returned. What was done could not be undone. Only then could he give his parents a better living environment.

Xu Tui had already decided that he would return home in about two months. He had to solve the big problem of his parents’ house.

Otherwise, Xu Tui felt that he would go crazy if he did not do something while his parents were squeezed into a 1,800-yuan apartment and he had to drink 50,000 yuan of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir every day.

As for blaming his father for selling the house without permission, there was no such thing! He had lived in a house for decades. It was home. It was extremely important to anyone.

However, his parents had sold their home for him!

Xu Tui could only rejoice. He was glad that he had parents who cared for him wholeheartedly. He was happy. And it was enough.

“Ah Huang, help me pay attention to the cost-effective ratio and performance of the repulsive-force flying car. When you have time, help me make a comparison table. Also, help me keep an eye out for the sales company’s promotional information. Let me know if there are any good discounts or promotional events.” He had to save some money.

“Alright!”

Since he planned to make a trip home within two to three months, he had to buy a repulsive force flying car. There was public transportation, but because of the twists and turns and safety issues along the way, the speed was slightly slower.

The journey home would take one to two days.

If he had his own repulsive force flying car, coupled with the fact that Xu Tui was no longer afraid of the dangers of the wilderness, he could drive home by himself. He would be home in half a day.

After making a rough plan, Xu Tui was still unable to calm down. After a long time, he finally entered a cultivation state through meditation.