Chapter 279 - Causing An Uncontrollable Disaster (1)

Chapter 279: Causing an Uncontrollable Disaster (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Mr. Qu, I’ve seen the fifth diagram clearly. It’s the word ‘Jiao’.” Xu Tui reconfirmed when he saw Qu Qingshan’s shocked expression.

Qu Qingshan was overjoyed. Then, he cursed himself for being stupid.

Xu Tui had already said the word ‘Jiao’, yet he still asked the question. He even looked shocked. This was not appropriate. His performance as a teacher would make this student proud! He could not afford to be proud!

...

“Mr. Qu, is the word in the six diagram ‘Gao’?”

Qu Qingshan, who was reflecting on himself, almost fell to the ground when he heard Xu Tui’s words.

Xu Tui could clearly see the sixth diagram that had a size of 0.001 nanometers?

Qu Qingshan wanted to confirm the time again. Two and a half days had just passed, right? Not two and a half months?

Back then, he was also the genius that his teacher had mentioned. It took him three days to finish the three diagrams and ten days for four diagrams. However, it had taken him three and a half months to finish the sixth diagram.

But because of his previous reflection, Qu Qingshan forced himself to calm down and no longer showed that overly shocked expression.

If a teacher was too surprised by a student’s cultivation results, the student would become complacent.

“The sixth diagram is indeed ‘Gao’. What about the seventh diagram? Can you tell?” Qu Qingshan forced himself to remain calm.

The seventh diagram was absolutely impossible! To be able to see the sixth diagram in two and a half days, he was definitely a monster among monsters. If he could see the seventh diagram clearly, he, Qu Qingshan, would be able to test the hardness of his shiny forehead.

He wanted to see if his head was harder than a rock. Let’s see if he can kill him!

Back then, Qu Qingshan had used three and a half months to cultivate the sixth diagram. However, it took him seven years for him to see the contents of the seventh diagram.

Xu Tui could sense Qu Qingshan’s surprise even though he was trying his best to remain calm.

“Mr. Qu, I’m guessing that the seventh diagram has the word ‘Di’?” Xu Tui said softly.

Qu Qingshan’s eyes widened.

Holy shit! Xu Tui could also see the seventh diagram! It had only been two and a half days, right? F*ck, even a demon could not describe this speed.

His eyes widened for a moment before Qu Qingshan suddenly reacted. “Guess?”

“The first six words ‘Yu Yu Zhu Jun Jiao Gao’. Then the last word is either ‘Di’ or ‘Xia’.”

Xu Tui wanted to deny it, but he changed the topic when he spoke. He felt that it was enough to see the genius value displayed by the first six diagrams in two and a half days. He had to strengthen a Level 2 genetic base point to see the seventh diagram clearly.

Just like how Luo Shifeng had the Time Distortion ability, that was the result of almost 30 years of persistent training.

Xu Tui only had this ability after he strengthened his main reaction-type genetic base point.

Similarly, Xu Tui could clearly see the seventh diagram because he had strengthened his microscopic perception’s genetic base point to level 2. However, Qu Qingshan would have to spend at least five to 10 years of hard work on it.

Forget it, let’s not discourage them! It was enough to display the value of a genius.

Qu Qingshan only felt relieved when he saw that Xu Tui had guessed the seventh word. That was normal. If Xu Tui could see the seventh diagram clearly in two and a half days, Qu Qingshan felt that he would have a cultivation barrier.

Compared to someone like Xu Tui, what was the point of his bitter cultivation?

Fortunately, it was meaningful.

“If you can see the sixth diagram clearly, you can proceed to the next step of cultivation. However, you have to cultivate the seventh diagram often when you go back. The cultivation of the seventh diagram would further increase your microscopic perception ability.

“At that time, the benefits would not only make it easier for you to sense the original quantum frequencies. It will directly affect the power of the instantiation ability,” Qu Qingshan said.

“I will persist in my cultivation.”

Xu Tui smiled and nodded. He would take his time to practice the seventh diagram. He would think about it when the time was right to say that he had finished it.

“Come with me. I’ll teach you the next step of your cultivation.”

Then, Qu Qingshan brought Xu Tui to a very natural environment.

It was a large hall that was more than 200 square meters. In the hall, the ground was a mixture of soil and rocks. It was covered in different-looking grass and moss. In some places, the grass was even calf-high. There was a whole piece of stone, rotten dead wood.

As soon as he entered, an indescribable natural aura assaulted his senses.

Qu Qingshan casually sat down on a rock. “Sit anywhere you want. Do whatever makes you comfortable.”

As he spoke, Qu Qingshan sat down casually. However, Xu Tui was stunned the moment he sat down.

Qu Qingshan’s aura suddenly became blurry. He seemed to have merged into this natural space in an instant. The bald head that was originally very eye-catching outside no longer looked so glaring now. At a glance, he even had a feeling that he should do that.

“Why? Can you tell and feel it? It seemed that the ‘intelligence’ of the School of Enlightened Mind was quite useful. I’ve brought a total of ten students into this place in the past three years. You should be the first to discover something the moment you enter,” Qu Qingshan said.

Xu Tui ignored Qu Qingshan’s praise. Instead, he asked in confusion, “Is it because of nature?”

“That’s right.”

“Nature, primordial, primitive, and origin all have something in common. When we, the School of General Senses, have to sense the original quantum frequency of a certain substance or image. We are actually sensing nature, primitive, and origin.”