Chapter 278 - As Expected Of A First Year Dragon

Chapter 278: As Expected of a First Year Dragon

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Four complete cultivation cycles.

Xu Tui started cultivating at midnight on Tuesday. He continued to cultivate for 36 hours. After four complete cultivation cycles, he finally managed to train one of the microscopic perception genetic base points into a level-two silver state.

He had consumed a total of eight bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir!

...

Xu Tui had activated all 24 genetic base points in the second level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. Although he did not obtain any additional abilities, the increase in his mind power was real.

He could already use two bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs in one cultivation cycle.

However, the consumption of strengthening this microscopic perception genetic base point to Level 2 silver was the most when Xu Tui was strengthening Level 2 genetic base points.

He had only used 31 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs to strengthen his main genetic base point of mental perception to Level 2. He had used four and a half cultivation cycles.

When he strengthened his ninth reaction-type genetic base point to Level 2, Xu Tui consumed 41 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir in less than four cultivation cycles.

However, he had actually consumed a total of 80 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs to strengthen his microscopic perception genetic base point to Level 2.

Compared to the previous genetic base points that he had strengthened to Level 2, the consumption was almost double.

This change caught Xu Tui’s attention. He carefully analyzed the possible reasons.

In the end, he came to a conclusion.

The more genetic base points that formed a genetic ability chain, the greater the consumption of genetic base points to level two.

If there were already Level 2 genetic base points on this genetic ability chain, the consumption would also increase.

Why did he get to this conclusion?

In the beginning, he only had six mental perception genetic base points. He consumed the least when he strengthened these genetic base points. He only used 31 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

There were a total of nine reaction-type genetic base points. Xu Tui had consumed a total of 41 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir when he was strengthening his ninth reaction-type genetic base point.

This time, under the introspection, the strengthened microscopic perception genetic base points formed a large genetic ability chain with the six mental perception genetic base points.

At this moment, there were a total of 11 genetic base points in this mental perception’s genetic ability chain. The last genetic base point had already been strengthened to Level 2.

During the strengthening process, the genetic base point that had been strengthened to Level 2 had a high percentage of energy.

This should be the reason why he had consumed eight bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs to strengthen his microscopic perception genetic base point.

Xu Tui would record this conclusion in his notebook and verify it in his future cultivation.

If that was the case, would his microscopic perception abilities be greatly enhanced after he strengthened his genetic base points to Level 2?

The answer was yes.

Previously, it would have taken him more than two minutes to clearly see the sixth diagram, which had a size of 0.001 nanometers. Now, Xu Tui had seen it in a second.

What was even more shocking was that when Xu Tui tried to get a clear look at the core area of the seventh diagram, which had a size of 0.0001 nanometers, one minute had passed.

It only took him a minute to see it clearly. He looked again. It only took a few seconds for him to see it clearly.

Compared to the previous sensing process, after strengthening a microscopic perception genetic base point to level two, the increase in the microscopic perception ability was very large.

It was the word ‘Di’!

It was similar to Xu Tui’s previous judgment.

Yu Yu Jun Zhu Jiao Gao Di. [T/N: The rough idea is ‘Desire to compete with you on the high and low’.]

It was very likely that it was the idea of the senior who created the School of General Senses that had included every word in this short sentence into the core area of the seven diagrams.

However, Xu Tui did not look for Qu Qingshan immediately. Instead, he began another test.

According to his observations in his introspective state, the five genetic base points that were related to microscopic perception had formed a large genetic ability chain with the six genetic base points that were directly connected to his mental perception.

In that case, would Xu Tui’s mental perception be greatly enhanced after his microscopic perception genetic base point was strengthened to Level 2?

There was no doubt that it had been enhanced. Xu Tui had recorded it when he activated the five microscopic perception genetic base points.

Before he activated these five microscopic perception genetic base points, Xu Tui’s accurate perception had just reached 16 meters. His fuzzy perception range was 32 meters.

It had increased by another meter compared to when he had strengthened his main mental perception genetic base point to Level 2.

The increase of one meter came from the substantial increase in his mind power after he activated the second level of his genetic base points. As a result, the distance of his mental perception had increased.

After activating five microscopic perception genetic base points and forming a large genetic ability chain with the original six mental perception genetic base points,

According to Xu Tui’s records, the range of his mental perception had been increased to 17 meters. The range of his blurry perception had reached 34 meters.

He had activated five genetic base points and only increased the distance by one meter. The increase was very limited.

It should be that every genetic base point affected an ability in a specific direction, even if it was on the same genetic ability chain.

However, after strengthening a genetic base point to Level 2, how much would the range of his mental perception increase?

In the dormitory, Xu Tui released his mental perception into the distance. He calculated the distance of his mental perception with the length of the floor tiles.

Eighteen meters. Close to nineteen meters. It was almost nineteen meters away.

It had increased by at least 10%!

As expected, strengthening the genetic base points on the same genetic chain to Level 2, even if it involved collateral abilities, would have a certain effect on the main abilities.

An increase of 10% in the range of his mental perception was not bad. At this point, Xu Tui’s blurry mental perception range had reached 38 meters. It meant that he had a combat radius of 38 meters.

If his strength continued to increase in the future and he strengthened his genetic base points that were related to his mental perception to Level 2, he would be able to increase the radius of his mind power to more than 100 meters. That would be extremely terrifying!

At 2:30 p.m. on Wednesday, Xu Tui once again arrived at the Research Center of the School of General Senses.

Xu Tui was riding an environmental bicycle today.

Under the introspection state, the color of the bones in the broken leg was no longer much different. It had completely recovered.

Xu Tui smiled and greeted Jiao Yulin, Xiang Sheng, Lu Peng, Wu Shaoying, and the others who had discovered him as he passed through the small mountain, the lake, the listening platform, and the small forest.

Xu Tui got to know them on Monday.

According to Qu Qingshan’s introduction, there were more than 70 abilities in the entire School of General Senses.

However, there were only 13 students in the first to fourth years who had met the requirements for the microscopic perception ability.

Currently, there are only six people in school!

Qu Qingshan’s request was that there were few people and they had to be united. They also had to exchange their cultivation insights and strive to reach a higher level.

Therefore, Xu Tui met all six students from the School of General Senses.

However, he was far away from the training area. He merely waved his hand in greeting.

“Hey, what do you guys think? Xu Tui is a first-year dragon. It’s said that his cultivation talent is very shocking. What do you guys think his cultivation speed will be like in our school?” the lively Xiang Sheng asked.

“To be able to become a dragon and tiger, talent and perseverance are indispensable. He might be faster than us,” Jiao Yulin said.

“How much faster can he be than us?” A female voice sounded. It was Wu Shaoying, who was sitting in the grass.

“Twenty percent? It shouldn’t be more than half, right?” Jiao Yulin speculated.

“His cultivation speed is half of ours. That’s impressive.” Xiang Sheng was a little envious.

“We don’t know that yet.”

Lu Peng interrupted, “He must have encountered a problem with his cultivation of microscopic perception. How many diagrams do you think he has cultivated in two and a half days?”

A specific question immediately made the few people curious.

“The second one, right? It took me a week to see the second diagram clearly. It’s only been less than three days,” Wu Shaoying said.

“I think so too. It took me more than eight days to see the second diagram,” Xiang Sheng said.

“It might be the second diagram. The third diagram is also very likely.” Jiao Yulin was more mature.

Lu Peng pursed his lips and did not comment further. If Xu Tui’s progress was two diagrams, his speed would be about the same as his. Back then, he had finished looking at two diagrams in two days. If he was temporarily stuck in the third diagram, his talent might not be stronger than Lu Peng’s.

“If I didn’t choose the School of General Senses, would I have been able to obtain the title of Year One Dragon or Tiger two years ago?”

Such a thought suddenly appeared in Lu Peng’s mind.

Qu Qingshan was very happy to see Xu Tui in his office. He came to look for him on the third day after receiving the microscopic perception cultivation map. He must have encountered a problem with his cultivation. However, this was a good thing.

This meant that Xu Tui was cultivating diligently. He had already completely entered the School of General Senses.

Putting aside the advantage that Xu Tui had in his cultivation, Qu Qingshan was also very happy that he had gained another true student in the School of General Senses. Furthermore, he was a student with powerful scientific research abilities.

“Xu Tui, you’re here. Sit! I’m a kinder person than Old Luo. If you have any problems, just tell me directly. I can give you my heart, liver, and lungs without holding anything back.”

“It’s like this, Mr. Qu. You said that by cultivating to the fourth diagram, I would be able to obtain the method to sense the original quantum frequency and undergo perception instantiation cultivation, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“Eh? Did you see the fourth diagram clearly?”

Qu Qingshan reacted quickly and immediately realized something. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have come all the way here to confirm this question. Wouldn’t that be a waste of time?

A thought flashed through Qu Qingshan’s mind. It had only been two and a half days, right? Yet he had completed four diagrams. What a genius!

“That’s right, Mr. Qu. The fourth picture should have the word ‘Jun’, right?” Xu Tui said.

Qu Qingshan’s eyes lit up.

The fourth picture was indeed the word ‘Jun’. His deduction was correct.

Xu Tui’s abilities in this area were truly outstanding. In the School of General Senses, three diagrams in three days were considered geniuses.

Now, Xu Tui had seen the four diagrams clearly in less than three days. As expected of a first-year dragon. He indeed had monstrous talent! He had picked up a treasure!

Qu Qingshan cleared his throat and organized his words. “It’s the word ‘Jun’. According to your progress, you can indeed proceed with the next step of cultivation to sense the original quantum frequency.

“However, as a pioneer, I have to give you a very pertinent suggestion. It would be best if you could spend some more time to look at the fifth diagram and improve your microscopic perception ability. Then, you can cultivate to sense the original quantum frequency. At that time, you will get twice the result with half the effort!” Qu Qingshan said.

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that.

Qu Qingshan’s suggestion was indeed a good teacher.

“Mr. Qu, if I’m not mistaken, the fifth diagram should be ‘Jiao’, right?” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Qu Qingshan, who was drinking from a thermos flask, could not help but tremble when he heard Xu Tui’s words. Then, he turned his head around and glared at Xu Tui. “You saw the fifth diagram clearly? It’s only been two and a half days, right?”

Qu Qingshan was shocked by Xu Tui.