Chapter 277 - You Treat Me So Well (2)

Chapter 277: You Treat Me So Well (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui blinked at this question. “Miss An, I’ve already started cultivating the first genetic base point of the third level.”

“The third level? The second level has been completed?”

An Xiaoxue looked a little surprised.

...

Xu Tui was somewhat satisfied. This cultivation speed finally shocked An Xiaoxue.

He had successfully activated the 24th genetic base point in the second level last night.

According to the first volume of Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique, the 24th genetic base point of the second level would have a high-level instantiation ability. However, Xu Tui already had the ability to perform high-level instantiation because his mind power had been strengthened.

Therefore, his mind power only increased steadily after he activated it. He did not gain anything else.

An Xiaoxue frowned. “You’ve only been cultivating for three months, right?”

“I cultivate very hard,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

An Xiaoxue looked at the smiling Xu Tui and felt a little speechless. He had completed what others would take two to three years to accomplish in three months. This was definitely not something that could be done with just a little effort.

Even An Xiaoxue, who was regarded as a monstrous genius back then, had to spend one year and one month to complete the second level of cultivation.

“Your cultivation speed is indeed very fast. With your current situation, it’s possible for you to choose the School of General Senses. However, in the future, you should prioritize completing the third level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. Your basic cultivation will be completed once you reach the third level,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Miss An, what else do I need to cultivate after I have completed the basic training?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“You have to train in some powerful and specific combat abilities, or even test them out,” An Xiaoxue said as she looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui nodded and suddenly asked, “Miss An, how many Genetic Base Points have you activated for your reaction speed?”

“I activated six of them. My reaction speed is about 2 milliseconds. I also trained my comprehensive reaction ability. It’s enough.” An Xiaoxue roughly guessed what Xu Tui meant.

It was very smart. It was actually very energy-saving to chat with smart people.

“Miss An, I wanted to tell you that you might obtain a very powerful genetic chain ability after you fully activate the ninth reaction speed genetic base point.”

“Passive increase in overall reaction speed?”

“It’s not that. If it was just that, I wouldn’t have mentioned it to you. This ability can’t be explained in one or two words. Take a look at this video and encrypted information.”

Xu Tui sent the video of Luo Shifeng testing Time Distortion to An Xiaoxue, as well as the theory that Xu Tui had come up with.

After a few glances, An Xiaoxue raised her eyebrows slightly and stood upright like a sword.

“There’s no explanation for this ability in your public research report. Also, has it been replicated?” An Xiaoxue immediately realized the key point.

“This ability is very difficult to replicate! It might require a cultivator to invest five or even more than ten years of continuous training to succeed. However, our School of Enlightened Mind might be able to do it very quickly.”

“Continuous training for more than ten years? You have to develop the relevant genetic base points to an extremely high level to obtain this ability?”

An Xiaoxue immediately came to a conclusion.

Xu Tui nodded.

“Then how did you confirm it? Luo Shifeng’s personal deduction?”

“This… Miss An, I’ve also used the Introspection and Concentration Technique of the School of Enlightened Mind. During my battle with Dai Lijun, don’t you think that my attack speed was a little strangely fast? The moment the battle started, Dai Lijun was beaten up,” Xu Tui said.

Hearing this, An Xiaoxue nodded gently.

“I had the same question when I watched the battle, but I didn’t think too much about it. I just thought that your reaction speed was faster.”

At this point, An Xiaoxue suddenly raised her head and looked at Xu Tui. “It is very difficult for most people to replicate this ability. However, once it could be replicated, it would definitely be a top-notch support ability. Its value was immeasurable.

“If you kept it, you would have to wait for at least ten years. That was under optimistic circumstances. It might take more than 10 to 20 years for it to appear in the real world. It can be said that this should be the core secret of your abilities. Why did you tell me?” An Xiaoxue asked firmly.

“You’re so good to me, so I naturally have to tell you! Besides, you’re my teacher. If you’re awesome, who would dare to bully me?” Xu Tui answered casually.

A complicated look flashed across An Xiaoxue’s eyes. Then, she slowly nodded. “Thank you. I’ll hurry up and cultivate.”

“Remember, the main genetic base point of this genetic ability chain is the ninth reaction-type genetic base point. As long as you continuously strengthen the ninth genetic base point, you will be able to obtain the Time Distortion ability. All the cultivation information and experiences are here.”

…

After he was done, Xu Tui left Research Institute No. 14 in a relaxed manner.

Actually, the first person that Xu Tui thought of when he obtained the Time Distortion ability and discovered the power of this ability was An Xiaoxue.

He wanted An Xiaoxue to obtain this ability. At that time, An Xiaoxue would become even more terrifying regardless of whether she attacked or defended. Especially the silver-haired killer move that could directly cross space. Coupled with this, it was simply abnormal.

However, he had been hospitalized because of his injuries and did not have the time.

Xu Tui felt much more relaxed after teaching An Xiaoxue this today.

The next person Xu Tui wanted to reveal this ability was definitely Cheng Mo. However, Cheng Mo’s current level was too low. It was impossible for him to obtain the Time Distortion ability in a short period of time.

But Xu Tui had already reminded Cheng Mo to train his reaction speed for a long time. It was definitely possible for him to build a good foundation for this ability. As long as he had this ability, no matter if he went to the battlefield or encountered an accident in the future, his life-saving ability would greatly increase.

Of course, there’s Tang Ting too.

Xu Tui would tell Tang Ting if he had the chance.

As for the other students or friends, Xu Tui was not trying to hide anything. They would not believe him even if he told them. Even if they believed it, they would not be able to last for more than ten or even twenty years to verify this ability. He might as well not say anything and wait for Luo Shifeng’s research results to gain the public’s trust.

After returning to the dormitory, Xu Tui first insisted on cultivating his energy field for a while. This was a daily cultivation course. Then, he consumed another bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. After his mind power was almost depleted, he emptied his mind and entered a deep sleep.

He had to recover his mind power.

Xu Tui woke up punctually at 1:30 a.m. He was full of energy. He directly drank a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir and activated the remaining two genetic base points in his microscopic perception.

The fourth microscopic perception genetic base point was successfully activated. The last one was still lacking.

After finishing four more bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir on the spot, he activated his fifth microscopic perception genetic base point.

At this point, the five genetic base points that he had used to train his effects had all been successfully activated.

Xu Tui immediately took the sixth diagram that had an accuracy of 0.001 nanometers.

In less than two minutes, the sixth diagram was completed.

It was the word ‘Gao’. [It is the word High in Chinese.]

Xu Tui thought that he would be able to see the seventh word of the seventh diagram. He worked hard for an hour.

However, he was still a little short. He could vaguely sense the strokes, but he could not see them clearly.

It seemed that his microscopic perception ability was still a little lacking. He was so close to seeing it clearly.

However, he could not see it clearly no matter what!

Xu Tui felt that his OCD was about to act up. He could confirm that the last word was “Di,” but he felt a little uncomfortable since he had not seen it with his own eyes. [Di is Low in Chinese.]

He thought about it and felt that he had to continue to train. He had to turn one of the microscopic perception genetic base points into Level 2 silver. It was not only to clearly see the word in the seventh picture that had a size of 0.0001 nanometers, but also to fasten the speed of perception instantiation of various abilities!

After all, Qu Qingshan had also said that the key to the School of General Senses was to first sense the original quantum frequency of something.

Only after sensing the original quantum frequency could he use his mind power resonance to instantiate it.

In theory, the stronger the microscopic perception ability, the faster the speed of sensing the target’s original quantum frequency.

Therefore, it was very necessary to go train a level-two silver-colored genetic base point!

He did as he thought.

Xu Tui began to strengthen the last activated microscopic perception genetic base point.