Chapter 276 - You Treat Me So Well (1)

Chapter 276: You Treat Me So Well (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The precision of the fourth diagram was 0.1 nanometers.

Because he had activated a new microscopic perception’s genetic base point, the 100-nanometer and 10-nanometer-precision images in the outer area of the layer were instantly scanned.

The time needed for the 1 nanometer was shortened to two minutes.

...

The 0.1 nanometer at the core was as blurry as before. He seemed to be able to see some outlines, but he could not sense them clearly.

Fifteen minutes later, Xu Tui consumed a Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. He immediately activated the other one of the five microscopic perception genetic base points that he had located previously.

An hour later, after consuming four bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir, he activated another microscopic perception genetic base point.

There were still three unactivated ones.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui saw the word at the core of the fourth drawing.

It was the word ”Jun”! [The word is You in Chinese.]

He continued to conquer the fifth diagram with a precision of 0.01 nanometers.

Xu Tui still could not see the diagram with the words at the core. It didn’t matter. He continued to train. He then chose a pre-positioned microscopic perception genetic base point and started to attack.

This time, Xu Tui consumed six bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs in an hour and a half. He activated another microscopic perception genetic base point.

This time, he could clearly see the word at the core of the fifth diagram.

The word ‘Jiao’. [The word is Compete in Chinese.]

Yu Yu Zhu Jun Jiao? [T/N: The rough idea was ‘desire to compete with you’.]

Xu Tui could roughly guess the last few words.

Is it a short sentence from a poem?

Desire to compete with everyone about their pros and cons?

Or was it about strength?

Or was it high or low?

Or up and down?

Xu Tui felt that it was most likely one of those words. However, there was no point in guessing. There were still two genetic base points that were related to the microscopic perception. They should be enough now that they were activated.

Xu Tui could still clearly see the word at the core of the sixth diagram, which had an accuracy of 0.001 nanometers.

He continued to attack one of the two remaining genetic base points.

However, after consuming four bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs, Xu Tui stopped cultivating the fourth genetic base point related to microscopic perception. It was still too early to activate it.

His mind power was almost exhausted.

Xu Tui had consumed 16 bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs after he returned from Qu Qingshan’s place. He still had 10% of his mind power left.

This was only within the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College. Otherwise, according to An Xiaoxue’s previous instructions, he could not do this.

He had to reserve at least 40% of his mind power.

He looked at the time. It was almost six in the afternoon.

Xu Tui planned to make a trip to Research Institute No. 14 in the afternoon. He had not seen An Xiaoxue for a long time since he was hospitalized, except for the next day.

“Miss An, shall I bring you food later?”

“Your leg hasn’t recovered yet. There’s no need.”

“Miss An, my leg has recovered.”

“Your leg has recovered? Come on then.”

Xu Tui tidied up a little and headed straight for the restaurant. There were not many new dishes in the restaurant. He brought a serving of White Roasted Shrimp, a serving of stir-fried bamboo shoots, and a serving of lotus seed soup. He then walked toward Research Institute No. 14.

In any case, it was not far. As he walked, he thought about the microscopic perception of the School of General Senses.

Xu Tui had activated three microscopic perception genetic base points when he returned today. He felt that he had gone a little too fast. He had to think things through.

Microscopic perception was another branch of the secondary genetic chain in mental perception.

Xu Tui had activated two genetic ability chains when he activated his mental perception. The main genetic ability chain only had six genetic base points.

However, he had discovered that the five genetic base points that he could sense through the training effect should be able to form a large genetic chain with the six previously activated mental perception genetic chains.

Moreover, the reason why he was so relaxed when he looked at the first and second diagrams should be because he had previously strengthened his main genetic base points to Level 2.

According to Qu Qingshan, if he could see the four diagrams clearly, he would be able to train his perception of the School of General Senses.

Xu Tui had already seen the fifth diagram clearly. It had already exceeded Qu Qingshan’s expectations.

In that case, if Xu Tui could clearly see the sixth and seventh diagrams before he started training in the School of General Senses, did that mean that his training in the School of General Senses would be much easier than the other students?

He would not easily spend a few months obtaining an ability.

To be honest, if he could only materialize an ability after a few months or even half a year, Xu Tui had some doubts about himself. Would he be able to persevere?

After all, his current rate of cultivation was extremely fast.

When he arrived at the Research Institute Number 14, financial inspector Li Yuenan had already gotten off work. Ever since the incident with Pheromone, Li Yuenan had become very well-behaved and obedient. She would not stay long after she was done with her work. Even in the Research Institute Number 14, Li Yuenan only stayed in her office.

This made Xu Tui feel much better.

“Miss An, it’s time to eat. I’ll go cut some fruits for you.”

Xu Tui put down the lunch box. An Xiaoxue was not in a hurry to eat. Instead, she looked at Xu Tui’s legs and felt a little puzzled.

“Miss An, I went to the School of General Senses. Mr. Qu fiddled with it a little and allowed my broken leg to recover in advance,” Xu Tui explained.

An Xiaoxue nodded. She suddenly looked at Xu Tui and asked, “Are you planning to choose the School of General Senses?”

“Miss An, I came over today because I wanted to tell you about this.”

“How far have you cultivated the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique? Is the second level half-activated?” An Xiaoxue asked.