Chapter 281 - Causing An Uncontrollable Disaster (3)

Chapter 281: Causing an Uncontrollable Disaster (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“This might be another saying—people are born different!” Qu Qingshan said.

“People are born different?”

“That’s right. This is also the biggest restriction that our School of General Senses faces. Perhaps, when I have a son and daughter in the future, I can let them try. Let’s see if the children with my genes can have the same genetic base points of the internal fire as me,” Qu Qingshan said.

...

Xu Tui looked at Qu Qingshan when he heard that.

That was a great idea.

The problem was that you, Old Qu, are already in your forties, yet you still hung out in bars on weekends. If you did not have a proper attitude, when would you have a son and daughter?

After conversing with Qu Qingshan for a while, Xu Tui roughly understood the cultivation theory of the School of General Senses.

“By the way, Mr. Qu, if I start to cultivate the abilities of the School of General Senses, which ability do you think I should choose?” Xu Tui asked the most crucial question.

It was better to listen to the opinions of an expert like Qu Qingshan. It would be beneficial.

“The introductory ability of our School of General Senses must be to sense the original quantum frequency of our bodies. This was something we had ourselves. It was also the easiest to sense. And it was very practical.

“In the future, it would be very useful to treat yourself or others!

“If you can sense the original quantum frequency of your body, then you will have a certain level of basic experience when you sense other substances or the original quantum frequency of phenomena,” Qu Qingshan said.

The healing ability was the standard of the School of General Senses? That seemed a good choice. Even if Qu Qingshan had not arranged it, Xu Tui would have chosen to obtain this ability.

This healing ability was too important! What medical technology could not do, the School of General Senses could.

Just as Xu Tui was thinking, Qu Qingshan suddenly stopped talking.

“Mr. Qu, do you have anything to say?”

“This… Xu Tui, the treatment ability that we have in the School of General Senses is known by your classmates as a godly tool for picking up girls…”

Xu Tui was shocked before Qu Qingshan could finish his sentence.

What the f*ck! The healing ability of the School of General Senses was actually a divine tool for picking up girls? Was this why Qu Qingshan was more popular than Luo Shifeng?

However, when he thought about it, it made sense. This was especially so in school. Those seniors and juniors, especially those from the Extreme Branch, would all be injured during training.

Under the current medical conditions, the severity of the injuries could last a day or two, or even half a month.

No matter what, it would still take a few days to recover.

However, as soon as the School of General Senses’s healing ability was activated, those who need to recover in three days would recover on the spot. Those who need to recover in half a month might recover in a few days.

If he was a little more extravagant, he would have a certain level of functional ability on the spot.

For example, a broken leg!

This ability would be very useful if it was used to woo a senior!

“However, you must be careful when you use it!” Qu Qingshan suddenly put on a serious expression.

“Careful of what?”

Xu Tui did not understand. It was just treating other people’s injuries. A profession that could heal was extremely popular both inside and outside the game! If you went to the hospital to see a doctor, no matter how arrogant you were, you would have to put in a good word.

“Privacy and intensity, especially when used on girls,” Qu Qingshan explained.

Xu Tui did not quite understand.

“First of all, when we use our microscopic perception, our mental perception will directly land on the other party’s body. To a certain extent, it was no different from watching or even touching. Therefore, when you want to treat a girl, you have to ask for her permission first.

“Otherwise, remember to ask me for help before you get beaten to death by her boyfriend,” Qu Qingshan jokes.

Xu Tui’s expression changed. This was indeed a problem. He suddenly thought of another problem. Back then, when An Xiaoxue’s hand was injured, why did she not ask Qu Qingshan, who was from the School of General Senses, to help her recover faster?

So this was the reason.

It was no different from watching or touching when his microscopic perception landed on her. If he were An Xiaoxue, he would definitely not be willing to let a bald man do this. If he w An Xiaoxue’s boyfriend, he would be even more unwilling.

“What about the intensity?” Xu Tui asked.

Qu Qingshan smiled. “Think about it. How did you feel when I treated your broken leg the day before yesterday?”

“It itches! It itches so much that I can’t stand it!”

“That’s right. This was because I was treating your broken leg. The nerves at the bone were not that sensitive. The nerves in the epidermis were actually the most sensitive. If you were to give a female student a high-speed treatment, that feeling would make her lose her composure on the spot and cause an uncontrollable disaster!” Qu Qingshan said.

“Lost her composure on the spot and caused an uncontrollable disaster?” Xu Tui did not understand.

“Virgin?” Qu Qingshan suddenly asked.

Xu Tui was stunned. This jump was too big. But he nodded.

“Single dog?”

Xu Tui hesitated for a moment before nodding. Although Gong Ling had sent him meals for a few days, he should still be single.

“No wonder you don’t understand! When you’re free, watch some action movies. Don’t be embarrassed. You’re already 18 or 19 years old. That’s normal. Take your time to understand.” Qu Qingshan acted like an experienced driver.

Xu Tui did not know whether to laugh or cry.

“Mr. Qu, what about after the healing ability? How should I choose my cultivation direction?” Xu Tui forcefully changed the topic back to the correct path.

“The choice after the healing ability? It’s actually very simple.”