Chapter 283 - Everyone'S The Same

Chapter 283: Everyone’s The Same

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Entering a meditative state was as simple as eating and drinking to Xu Tui. However, he felt a little uncomfortable sitting on the rock and entering a meditative state. So he lay down on the grass and entered a meditative state again.

According to Qu Qingshan’s teachings, one had to pay attention to ‘nature’.

His mental perception landed on the wound on his arm.

...

What did ‘nature’ mean?

Xu Tui could not come up with a specific answer at the moment. However, he had his own understanding.

Nature might be the process.

In the past, when he was in Jincheng Prefecture, he would often watch his father cook. The dishes that his father, Xu Jianguo, cooked could make him so hungry that he licked his plate. Sometimes, when his father was not around because he had to work overtime, Xu Tui would try to do it himself after he reached home.

It was obvious that he knew how to do it, but once he did it, he could not!

There was nothing wrong with the steps, but they were not delicious. Later on, his father, Xu Jianguo, would occasionally give Xu Tui some pointers when he was cooking. Xu Tui remembered them.

The most important thing when cooking was not to rush. Haste makes waste. If you use a big fire, the taste will be different. He could not be impatient. He had to take it one step at a time. This was probably the way of nature that Xu Tui understood.

At the same time, he also felt that he could not be anxious when he could sense the original quantum frequency of his body.

Xu Tui’s microscopic perception could sense the changes in the cells at the wound. However, he felt that he should slow down. He understood it step by step, layer by layer, until he reached the deepest part.

First, he had to understand the various reactions after his body was injured. Then, he had to sense the original quantum frequency of his body’s recovery function. He would be halfway to success.

Xu Tui’s mental perception slowly reached the wound. The first thing he “saw” was that there was still blood that was slowly gushing out.

This was an instinctive reaction after a human was injured.

Looking down, the broken flesh fibers were still in an active state. They were instinctively squirming and gathering a large amount of blood.

His microscopic perception amplified his mental perception again.

This time, Xu Tui saw red blood cells, platelets, and white blood cells.

Among them, the blood platelets were the busiest. They charged to the wound like soldiers and continuously wriggled to stop the bleeding.

The white blood cells were a little like elite warriors. They slowly followed behind the platelets and patrolled vigilantly. Once there was an invading virus, they would immediately attack to prevent their wounds from being infected.

“Are all units working together?”

He used his microscopic perception to take a closer look. A large number of growth factors suddenly surged into his body and began to move rhythmically. The wound began to squirm.

On the surface, the wound did not seem to have changed. However, under the microscopic perception, the broken flesh and blood tissue had already begun to slowly grow and wriggle.

Xu Tui felt that he did not gain anything after watching for a while. He did not feel the original quantum frequency at all.

His microscopic perception continued downward.

What he saw this time was even more complicated. He saw all the macrophages and felt even more confused.

Looking further into the details, the world that Xu Tui could sense was already densely packed. The cells in his blood and flesh were working according to their respective movements.

However, he could not sense anything.

Xu Tui could even see the structure of the cells.

Still nothing.

This caused Xu Tui, who was lying on the ground, to reflect. Why did he not sense the original quantum frequency? Logically speaking, this should not be the case since his microscopic perception was strong.

He had already seen so much detail. The content he could see was already comparable to the super microscope of many research centers. It could even be said that the microscopes in the research center were not as accurate as Xu Tui’s mental perception.

When he thought of this, Xu Tui suddenly froze.

Microscope?

The microscope depended on accuracy.

If he could sense the original quantum frequency just by looking at the precision and minute details, why would he need a human? Why would he need the School of General Senses? Wouldn’t it be done if one could see the extreme precision through a microscope?

Wrong.

Xu Tui realized that he was heading in the wrong direction.

Microscopic perception.

Currently, he had only achieved ‘micro’ and did not ‘scope’. To be precise, he had not achieved the essence of ‘microscopic’! Then what exactly was the ‘microscopic’ of the School of General Senses?

The microscopic level should be a detailed observation on a whole, not a detailed observation.

Xu Tui suddenly understood something.

Frequency!

Original quantum frequency.

Microscopic perception.

This should be a subtle sense of the whole.

When he thought of this, Xu Tui spread out his mental perception. Then, he focused his microscopic perception on the wound.

However, Xu Tui did not use his microscopic perception to sense the details this time. Instead, he treated the entire wound and even the entire arm as a whole.

He could sense the slightest changes in his arm.

In this state, Xu Tui could sense even the rhythm of the blood vessels in the wound. However, this feeling was on a whole level.

He did not sense a single capillary. Instead, he viewed all the flesh and blood on his arm as a whole.

Then, Xu Tui extended his mental perception throughout his body. Even a single breath would slightly affect the various changes in his arm.

Gradually, Xu Tui felt a rhythm.

It was the rhythm of his entire body!

The heart pumped blood through the arteries to the entire body before being recycled. Breathing through the lungs sent oxygen through the red blood cells to the entire body.

This was the rhythm of life!

The rhythm of life that humans, the spirit of all things in the world, were constantly experiencing.

Xu Tui felt that if he used his mind power to resonate with his heart at this moment, his blood flow would increase exponentially. If the frequency of his mind power resonance was fast enough, he could even explode his heart!

Xu Tui suddenly understood.

Frequency!

This should be the so-called original quantum frequency.

However, the original quantum frequency that he had just sensed was related to the heart’s operations.

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood how to use his microscopic perception. He no longer used his microscopic perception to observe the wound. Instead, it was in a holistic state. He treated his arm as a whole and used his microscopic perception to sense the rhythm of all life at the wound on his arm.

There was the rhythm of blood circulating and pumping.

If Xu Tui used his mind power to strengthen the rhythm of life here, the strength of his arm would be temporarily enhanced.

It was the same for the rhythm of red blood cells transporting oxygen.

Xu Tui even discovered his metabolic rhythm.

Gradually, as the microscopic perception on a large scale continued to deepen, Xu Tui suddenly discovered a tiny rhythm. It was as if a seed was slowly germinating in the soil. It stretched out a bud and pushed the soil apart slightly. That was the rhythm of life.

This extremely subtle pulse of vitality was slowly and continuously affecting Xu Tui’s wound. Every time the rhythm moved, the granulation at his wound would grow a tiny bit.

Xu Tui could sense this change with his microscopic perception.

“Is this the original quantum frequency of flesh growth?”

Xu Tui instantly came to a realization.

Almost at the same time, his mind power fused into it. It began to resonate and magnify the original quantum frequency of the flesh growth. The moment the resonance began, an indescribable life force gathered at the wound on his arm.

In his microscopic perception, the extremely minute granules that were slowly squirming suddenly grew crazily. In an instant, they intertwined with the granules on the other side of the wound.

At this moment, all the flesh, nerves, blood vessels, and so on began to rise in a natural frenzy.

In just an instant, the wounds on his body were healed. At this moment, an indescribable itch surged towards the wound. It was as if 480 million ants had surged out of his body at that moment and surged toward Xu Tui’s wound.

Every time an ant crawled through Xu Tui’s body, it would bring about an irrepressible numbing sensation. 480 million ants crawled over Xu Tui’s body at the same time and gathered at the wound on his arm.

In an instant, Xu Tui’s neurons seemed to have been stimulated by a microelectric current. His arm and body started to twitch uncontrollably. Even though Xu Tui’s willpower was astonishing, he still let out a subconscious moan.

The sound entered his ears!

Even Xu Tui himself was shocked.

Was this a sound a man could make? It was just like the sound of some male and female leads in action movies reaching their final moments!

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui, who was convulsing all over, suddenly felt the urge to pee. He instinctively clamped his legs together.

However, at this moment, Xu Tui, whose entire body seemed to be experiencing a micro electroshock attack, felt that his muscles, especially his sphincter muscles, did not seem to be working.

Holy shit!

Xu Tui cursed.

He would be a god if he peed himself! How was he going to return to the dormitory today?

At the critical moment, Xu Tui’s mind power pounced forward.

The sphincter temporarily lost control. However, mind power was still useful! He used his mind power to control his urge to pee.

Fortunately!

Xu Tui finally heaved a sigh of relief. His breathing also quickly stabilized. The feeling of 480 million ants crawling on his body came and went quickly.

A short second passed.

However, the feeling it gave Xu Tui was very unfriendly. If it was possible, he was unwilling to experience it again.

Damn it. He almost made himself peed, and it was because of his cultivation.

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood what Qu Qingshan meant.

This could definitely cause an uncontrollable disaster!

If he used too much mind power, a female student would scream and pee her pants when he treated her injuries.

How could he explain this!

A single mistake could cost him his life!

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt something strange beside him. He suddenly opened his eyes and saw Qu Qingshan’s shiny bald head and eyes that were wide open!

“F*ck, your scream just now was so strange and explosive. It should be an instinctive reaction. You couldn’t have sensed the original quantum frequency of the growth of flesh and blood so quickly and succeed, right?”

Qu Qingshan pulled Xu Tui’s injured arm over to take a look as he exclaimed in surprise.

“F*ck, you really did it! You did it on the first wound? It’s only one strike!” Qu Qingshan exclaimed again.

Qu Qingshan exclaimed as he looked at Xu Tui’s lower body. “Come, come, come. Let me see if you peed your pants. Huh, this is the first time you did this, yet you actually didn’t pee your pants?” Qu Qingshan was stunned.

“Mr. Qu, don’t get so close to me. You’re a man. Don’t scare me!”

Xu Tui pushed Qu Qingshan and quickly sat up.

“I suddenly sensed the original quantum frequency of flesh and blood growth and tried to materialize it. I didn’t expect…” Xu Tui explained.

“There’s no need to explain. It’s the same for everyone the first time,” Qu Qingshan said.

Xu Tui felt a little less awkward when he heard that. He then looked at Qu Qingshan and asked, “That’s right, Mr. Qu. From what you said just now, you’re surprised that I didn’t pee my pants when I conjured this for the first time.

“In other words, you peed your pants when you first materialize the original quantum frequency of flesh and blood?”

Qu Qingshan was stunned. Then, he stood up and patted his butt. “How can that be? I’m an associate professor, the guide of the School of General Senses. How can I wet my pants? That’s absolutely impossible!”

“I don’t believe you!”

Qu Qingshan was speechless.

“…”