Chapter 285 - I Can Save People And Kill People (2)

Chapter 285: I Can Save People And Kill People (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Only Wu Shaoying was considered normal.

Xu Tui suddenly laughed when he saw the strange expressions on the faces of the three of them. “Haha, seniors, I understand. I understand! You guys also peed your pants back then!”

“No!”

...

“No!”

“We definitely did not!”

In front of Wu Shaoying, the female student, Xiang Sheng, Jiao Yulin, and Lu Peng shook their heads like a rattle-drum. They firmly denied it!

“Haha, I understand! I understand! Looking at your expressions of denial, I can tell that Mr. Qu must have peed too! He even made the three of you pee your pants in revenge!” Xu Tui said.

Lu Peng, who was hit in the face, felt a little embarrassed. “There’s nothing funny about embarrassing things in cultivation. Hmph, you’ll pee when you cultivate. Don’t worry, the three of us will definitely go and watch you!” Lu Peng said.

“Watch me? You have no chance! I had already sensed the original quantum frequency of flesh and blood growth today and completed my first treatment. I did not pee. It’s even more impossible to pee in the future!”

After he finished speaking, Xu Tui proudly displayed the freshly healed wound on his arm. He then smiled and left as if he was escaping.

Xu Tui felt that he would be beaten to death if he stayed any longer after he exposed the cruel truth that the seniors and Mr. Qu had wet their pants.

It was better to leave quickly!

Xu Tui fled from the Research Center of the School of General Senses.

Xiang Sheng, Lu Peng, Jiao Yulin, and Wu Shaoying were stunned.

They were all dumbfounded!

They were too shocked!

“F*ck, this can’t be real, right?” Xiang Sheng was the first to speak. “The minimum requirement to sense the original quantum frequency is four diagrams. He’s only been studying for two and a half days, but he’s already seen four diagrams clearly?”

“Not only that, but he also sensed the original quantum frequency of his flesh growth and completed his first treatment,” Wu Shaoying said.

Xiang Sheng’s eyebrows twitched. He suddenly looked at Lu Peng. “Lu Peng, back then, you were the fastest in sensing the original quantum frequency of your flesh and blood. How many days did it take you?”

“Eight days. I cut myself 11 times in total!”

“I used 11 days and cut myself 16 times!” The corner of Xiang Sheng’s mouth twitched. “Xu Tui only went in for slightly more than an hour today. It’s not possible for him to succeed so quickly, right?”

“It’s not impossible! If he didn’t do it, he definitely wouldn’t be able to say that he peed his pants,” Jiao Yulin said.

“Impossible!” Lu Peng immediately denied it. “If that’s the case, wouldn’t Xu Tui’s cultivation talent be ten times faster than ours? Then what’s the point of us cultivating?”

Jiao Yulin glanced at Lu Peng indifferently. “A stupid bird flies first. Everyone has their own path! We should all work hard to cultivate. Senior Ji Gui did not have any achievements for five years and was almost expelled. However, after five years, he shocked the world.

“He had suppressed all his peers. It was said that he had even suppressed the Dragon and Tiger of his generation on the extraterrestrial battlefield! This is our role model!”

After saying that, Jiao Yulin, who was sitting on the Listening Platform, slowly closed his eyes and continued to listen.

A few seconds later, Xiang Sheng and Wu Shaoying also closed their eyes and began to sense their cultivation journey again.

Only Lu Peng’s breathing was a little uneven.

…

Xu Tui felt that he was quite ruthless to himself.

After returning, he spent three days cutting himself in different parts of his body to strengthen his healing ability.

On the third night, Xu Tui broke his index finger.

In any case, the original quantum frequency of bone growth was bone. There was no need to break his limbs so severely. It was the same even if he broke a finger.

Xu Tui had learned his lesson this time.

It took three minutes each time.

Once before he went to bed.

Once after he woke up.

The index finger that he broke the night before had completely recovered by the next morning.

This feeling was too f*cking magical.

Xu Tui felt that with this ability, he would definitely become the most popular person in an orthopedic hospital in the capital. It would definitely not be a problem for him to earn a million yuan a year through his career.

However, it seemed that Xu Tui was no longer interested in earning a million a year.

Xu Tui was the first-year Dragon of university. The value of his scholarship alone was almost ten million dollars a year.

However, the cost he spent each day was huge.

Now, he could consume two bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir a day. Even if there was a discount on his personal rights and An Xiaoxue’s access card, he would have to spend 80,000 to 90,000 yuan a day!

He felt that this money was too easy to spend!

…

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have received 5 million yuan from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College Financial Account. Note: Research Reward Fund.”

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have received eight million yuan from the Huaxia Genetic Committee’s account. Note: Research Reward Fund.”

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have received 5,000 contribution points from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.”

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have accumulated more than 10,000 contribution points. You have reached the level of individual rights upgrade.

Your individual rights have been upgraded from mid-grade Level D rights to high-grade Level D rights!

“Please continue to contribute to the human race and the Huaxia Sector. Our people and our history will never forget your contributions!”

“Hello, Citizen Xu Tui. You have received 8,000 contribution points from the Huaxia Genetic Committee.”