Chapter 282 - Causing An Uncontrollable Disaster (4)

Chapter 282: Causing an Uncontrollable Disaster (4)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“First, for the first ability, you have to choose the most common material or phenomena that you can sense in this world. For example, fire, water, mountains, or plants. Other things such as lightning, stars, or those volcano eruptions, storms, hailstones and so on were not recommended. It was too difficult to sense. Sometimes, it even required a certain amount of opportunity.

“So, you have to find a general direction. Then, you have to slowly sense for a small ability branch that suits you,” Qu Qingshan said.

“So I’m to choose between fire, water, mountain and plant?” Xu Tui asked.

...

“That’s right. I suggest that you choose the mountain as your first ability. The mountain was the soil. The ground under your feet was the land, but it was also a part of the mountain.

“From this perspective, mountains were everywhere. If you could sense the original quantum frequency of the mountain, your survivability would greatly increase no matter where you were.

“Moreover, the mountain could be used for both offense and defense. Strong offense, strong defense, stronger survivability, and other benefits. It is very suitable for you.

“Of course, this is just my suggestion. As for what you choose, it depends on your hobbies and choices! Remember, we worship nature. Nature is the most important!” Qu Qingshan said.

Qu Qingshan’s suggestion was not bad. Xu Tui nodded heavily.

“Then, Mr. Qu, teach me how to sense the original quantum frequency of my body first.” Xu Tui planned to enter a cultivation state after understanding everything.

He had to master his healing abilities first.

“Simple, extend your arm,” Qu Qingshan said.

Xu Tui extended his arm when he heard that. Suddenly, an indescribably sharp aura landed on Xu Tui’s arm.

There was an attack!

Xu Tui instinctively activated his Time Distortion ability. 0.2 milliseconds of absolute reaction time!

Xu Tui instantly retracted his arm.

Qu Qingshan’s mental blade had missed!

“Oh, f*ck!”

Qu Qingshan cursed when he saw Xu Tui dodge his mental blade.

“Did Old Luo train your reaction speed to such an abnormal level?” Qu Qingshan was shocked.

“Uh… I just subconsciously…” Xu Tui scratched his head in embarrassment.

“What subconscious? I’m just helping you cultivate. Do you have to be so nervous?” Qu Qingshan cursed and said again, “Stretch out your arm. Don’t dodge.”

“Alright.”

In the next moment, Qu Qingshan used his mental knife to cut a one-centimeter-deep wound on Xu Tui’s arm. Xu Tui frowned slightly. He had chosen a good spot. He did not injure any of the thicker blood vessels and did not bleed much.

“From now on, your body will automatically start to use its bodily functions to heal this wound. What you need to do is to relax and silently use your microscopic perception to sense any changes in the wound.

“When you sense the vitality rhythm of your body healing wounds, you will have achieved the first step, which is to sense an extremely small portion of the original quantum frequency of your body.

“When you sense it, you can try to use your mind power to influence this vitality rhythm and increase its resonance speed.

“When your wound can recover faster, it means that your first step has been successful. You can now conduct a more comprehensive sensing,” Qu Qingshan said.

“Alright, let’s begin,” Qu Qingshan said casually. He stood up and left. At the end, he floated away.

“Generally speaking, you won’t be able to sense the original quantum frequency of your body if you don’t stab yourself ten or twenty times.”

Xu Tui was startled.

Stabbing himself 10 to 20 times first? Wasn’t that self-harm? Is this a self-harm cultivation?

Even though he was thinking about it, Xu Tui still began to relax according to Qu Qingshan’s instructions.

He tried to blend into nature.

That would have the best effect.

However, this relaxation and so-called blending into nature was something that he understood immediately, but not once he did it!

After working hard for 15 minutes, his wound had already formed a thin layer of scab. Xu Tui felt that he had not yet integrated into nature and achieved the best state of perception.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea.

Meditation!

Xu Tui did not know if his meditation had integrated into nature. However, it was definitely the most relaxed state. In his meditative state, he could sleep whenever he wanted!

He was extremely relaxed!

Why not try microscopic perception in a meditative state?