Chapter 286 - I Can Save People And Kill People (3)

Chapter 286: I Can Save People And Kill People (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

(Note: The reward for the Huaxia Genetic Committee is 10 million in cash. As the number one researcher, Xu Tui will receive 80% of the reward.)

Monday, October 4th.

Xu Tui received a series of messages through his communication device on his way to the combat training building of the Extreme Branch.

...

Xu Tui was overjoyed when he saw this. He had suddenly earned a huge sum of 13 million in cash! This feeling was too f*cking awesome!

Xu Tui felt that he had suddenly become rich.

He had felt that he had spent more than a million yuan just cultivating for more than 20 days. Coupled with the fact that he had been cheated by Ah Huang previously, his savings had dropped to less than 5 million yuan.

Including the 860,000 yuan that his father had transferred to him, it was only slightly more than five million yuan.

Xu Tui felt that money was a little tight. Especially when he was planning to buy a repulsive force flying car and a house for his parents. He was still thinking about going out to earn some money after some time.

However, Xu Tui immediately became a tycoon after he got the rewards for discovering the ninth reaction-type genetic base point and the passive genetic ability chain.

He was just short of 1 million yuan and his cash would exceed 20 million yuan!

He felt so relaxed!

He had earned all the money he needed for his own cultivation, the money to buy a house for his parents, and the money he needed to buy the Repulsion Flying Vehicle!

Awesome!

Xu Tui did not feel much about the upgrade of his individual rights.

10,000 points of individual contribution points to increase the individual rights to a high-grade Level D.

In any case, Xu Tui did not enjoy any other benefits other than the discount he got from buying Energy Restoration Elixir and the time he was hospitalized.

He was no longer in a hurry to level up. He could not be anxious in any case.

Accumulating 10,000 points of individual contribution points could allow one to upgrade to a high-grade Level D individual rights. However, if he wanted to upgrade to low-grade Level C, he would have to accumulate an astonishing 100,000 contribution points.

Xu Tui only had 18,000 points of contribution points. The higher one’s authority level was, the harder it was to level up. Of course, for now, this was also a huge sum of money saved in another form.

Now that he was rich, his back was even thicker!

Xu Tui felt that when he stepped into the combat training center of the Extreme Branch, he took the Crab Steps.

Xu Tui was here to see Cheng Mo.

While visiting Cheng Mo, he also wanted to treat Cheng Mo’s injuries and practiced his various healing abilities. According to what was said on the phone, Cheng Mo’s recovery ability had been astonishing recently. His ability to take a beating had multiplied.

Xu Tui arrived at the designated A44 training room. He heard Cheng Mo’s roar before he even entered the room.

“Peter, did you f*cking masturbate too much last night? Can you use more strength…”

“Bang!”

A figure flashed past. Cheng Mo was sent flying by the kick, but he quickly got up.

“It still doesn’t work. You should change your name to Soft Peter…”

“Bang!”

In the training room, Peter attacked Cheng Mo like a whirlwind.

However, Cheng Mo could get up every time. Occasionally, he could even counterattack.

Xu Tui was a little shocked, and his heart ached.

Cheng Mo was actually sparring with the first-year Tiger, Peter.

Peter was using Cheng Mo’s ability to withstand beatings to train. Similarly, Cheng Mo was also using Peter to train his ability.

This was his brother risking his life!

However, other than Xu Tui’s heartache, he was only happy.

He was happy for Cheng Mo!

His good brother Cheng Mo, who was also a top student in Jincheng Prefecture, had already found his own direction.

He had found his own path. This was a good thing!

The sandbag-like battle lasted for about half an hour.

When Cheng Mo lay there, unable to get up, Peter was panting from the exertion.

After a while, Peter, the first-year Tiger, slowly stood up. “You’re not in a good state today. I feel that your injuries haven’t completely recovered. Do you want to continue tomorrow?”

“Continue! Don’t come if you’re scared!” Cheng Mo, who was lying on the ground, roared.

“Okay!”

Peter nodded and left. He suddenly saw Xu Tui standing at the door. His eyes lit up, but then dimmed.

As a first-year Tiger, Peter really wanted to fight Xu Tui, a first-year Dragon. However, Peter knew very well that even though he had been training with all his might recently, he still did not have the right to fight Xu Tui.

“Hello,” Peter greeted him.

“Hello, you guys continue tomorrow. I’m here to see my brother.”

Xu Tui nodded with a smile. He walked toward Cheng Mo through the door of the training room.

Hearing footsteps, Cheng Mo, who had collapsed to the ground, chuckled. “Old Pete, why haven’t you left?”

“Mozi, it’s me.”

Upon hearing this, Cheng Mo rolled over and looked at Xu Tui in shock. “Little Tui, why are you here?”

“I’m here to see you and also to practice on you,” Xu Tui said with a smile.

“See me? Get lost. You’re not going to look at that super fierce little beauty and that cold beauty of yours, but you’re coming to look at me. Are you crazy? I don’t like men!” Cheng Mo scolded jokingly.

“I’ve been training my healing abilities recently. I always have to self-harm. I can’t take it anymore. I’m here to practice. How about it? Are you interested in being a prop?” Xu Tui asked.

Cheng Mo first carefully examined the faint wound marks on Xu Tui’s body. Even if the wound recovered to its original state, it would still take time for the skin at the wound to return to its original color.

“Do you really have healing abilities?” Cheng Mo was stunned at first, then he laughed. “That’s a good thing. It’s like meeting a pillow when you’re sleepy.”

“Come, come, come. I’ll lie flat. Do whatever you want!”

As he spoke, Cheng Mo lay on the ground of the training room.

“Drink this Energy Restoration Elixir first!” Xu Tui handed over a Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.