Chapter 294 - You Want Me To Bring Ah Huang Along? (2)

Chapter 294: You Want Me To Bring Ah Huang Along? (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“At the same time, it was also a mistake in our work. In order to express our apologies, I took an extra gift to express my apologies.”

Luo Shifeng frowned slightly, but he did not make a decision. Instead, he took a step back and left the decision-making to Xu Tui.

After all, the extra apology was for Xu Tui.

...

Xu Tui suddenly smiled as he looked at the sincere-looking Professor Kojima.

“Mr. Kojima, I appreciate your kindness. I’ll only take what I should take. In the future, please control your students.”

After saying that, Xu Tui stepped onto the repulsive force flying car without looking back.

Luo Shifeng was stunned.

Kojima wanted to give it to Luo Shifeng, but he was directly rejected by Luo Shifeng.

A few minutes later, the luxurious official repulsive-force flying car, escorted by two escort flying cars, flew in the direction of the Huaxia Sector.

At the entrance of the hotel, Professor Kojima frowned as he watched Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng leave.

“It looks like the information is wrong. Xu Tui is not as greedy as the information says. It looks like it’s impossible for us to obtain detailed information about the passive genetic ability chain from Xu Tui,” Kojima muttered.

“Teacher, the Huaxia Sector has already begun large-scale reaction speed enhancement training in the extra-terrestrial. Could it be that we can only wait for the Huaxia Sector to complete the so-called large-scale replication test before we can obtain the method to activate it?” A teacher said anxiously.

“That’s all we can do for now.” Kojima sighed softly. “We’ll continue with the large-scale experiment based on the available information for now. Then, think of other ways to see if the other departments have any gains.”

…

On the repulsive force flying car, Luo Shifeng immediately pulled Xu Tui and Feng Qian into a group chat as soon as they set off.

After all, the driver was there, and it was a repulsive-force flying car provided by the Yamato Sector. It was not convenient to talk about some things.

“How is it? Does your heart ache? I estimate that there are at least 400,000 in that card!” Luo Shifeng was the first to speak.

Xu Tui immediately put on a pained expression. “Mr. Luo, didn’t you help me get it?”

“Tsk, you’re just trying to gain some fame. You want me to take that hot potato? Dream on.”

“Sigh, I was just planning to use half of that money to buy you a wedding gift if you help me get that extra card.”

Luo Shifeng blinked. “I see. Then I’ll call the driver back. You can ask for it from Professor Kojima!”

“It’s more like you want it!”

Upon hearing this, Luo Shifeng sent a bunch of smiley faces in the group chat.

“I suddenly realized that Xu Tui has the potential to be a Best Actor! I was looking at him from behind just now. He left so resolutely and decisively. You don’t seem to care about that card. I thought you were really…

“I didn’t expect your heart to ache so much!” Feng Qian said.

In the group chat, Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng sent out a series of laughing emojis at the same time. Feng Qian was a little confused and did not know what was going on.

You can’t use bad money! There were some bottom lines that he had to keep.

Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng returned to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College at 9:30 in the morning.

Xu Tui went straight to the library to read the various ancient books and e-books that Bian Yuan had given him yesterday.

Luo Shifeng, who had crushed Feng Qian overnight, went straight to the office to catch up on his sleep.

Feng Qian seemed to have gone shopping with the money that Luo Shifeng had given her.

…

In the afternoon, Xu Tui received a call from Zhuang Ziqiang.

Zhuang Ziqiang had already helped Xu Tui look for the repulsive force flying car and the repulsive force skateboard.

Coincidentally, the few potential targets were similar to the ones chosen by Ah Huang.

The repulsive force flying car was actually very easy to choose.

It was just that the basic functions had to be complete. For example, the high-strength fully bulletproof body of the car and the multi-spectrum paint of the holographic camouflage electronics.

Of course, the most important thing was that the repulsive force engine had to be the best.

After these foundations were done, he would slowly modify them in the future.

In the end, Xu Tui chose a basic model. It was only slightly better than Zhuang Zi’s beggar model. However, their performance was worlds apart.

Zhuang Ziqiang’s beggar model only had a maximum speed of 650 kilometers per hour.

However, Xu Tui’s Iron Flag repulsive-force flying car could travel 1,000 kilometers per hour at full speed.

Under overload, the maximum speed could reach 1,200 kilometers per hour, but this speed could only be maintained for half an hour.

The entire repulsive force flying car was streamlined like a fighter jet. It is a three seater, the space for the third person in the back row was a little tight, but the storage space was also large enough.

It was a repulsive-force flying car that was suitable for the wilderness.

The price was also very beautiful. The basic model cost more than 3 million. Then, Xu Tui gave Ah Huang 1 million yuan to make some necessary functional modifications.

It was not luxurious. It was mainly practical.

Zhuang Ziqiang was in charge of handling the procedures for Xu Tui. It saved him a lot of trouble.

Xu Tui had spent a lot of effort on the repulsive force flying skateboard.

One of them was a high-power repulsive-force flying skateboard with long battery life, while the other was a miniature repulsive-force flying skateboard.

Miniature meant that it could only last for two hours.

However, the benefits were that it was only half the size of a backpack when folded. It could be carried on the shoulder for ease of carrying.

And the price was good!

Considering its practicality, Xu Tui finally chose the miniature repulsive force flying skateboard. He also bought an extra super battery as a backup.

Xu Tui spent 1.3 million yuan.

In just half a day, he had spent more than five million.