Chapter 297 - Zuo Qingqing'S Premeditation (1)

Chapter 297: Zuo Qingqing’s Premeditation (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui and the others had gained a lot on the first day of the mission.

Although they had not found any of the three mutated plants in Gong Ling’s mission, they found a precious item worth as much as 1.5 million.

This was only calculated according to the price sold to the officials. If he handed a portion of it to Zhuang Ziqiang to deal with in the underground market, the price of some of the items, such as the snake venom, would be 20% to 30% higher.

...

The Green-Patterned Snake was not difficult to deal with. The difficulty was finding them in the dangerous wilderness. That was only slightly easier than finding a needle in a haystack.

Apart from that, Gong Ling also found a stalk of Silkworm Grass and seeds that were very helpful for her cultivation.

This Silkworm Grass was one of the mutated plants that had been discovered in recent years. It grew extremely quickly and could grow from a seed to a cocoon overnight. The grass was very thin, but it was extremely tough. Ordinary swords could not cut through it. Once it was gathered, its toughness would increase exponentially.

To a plant-type superb individual, the Silkworm Grass ability was a very valuable ability. It could defend, support, or even attack. If she used a certain number of Silkworm Grass seeds, she could even control the situation. It was also because of this that the Silkworm Grass and seeds were very popular.

Even the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College did not provide such cultivation resources.

The reason was simple.

The evolution of this Silkworm Grass was not stable.

The original was Silk Grass. There were a large number of Silk Grass in the wilderness. Sometimes, only a few of them mutated into Silkworm Grass. Moreover, even if they used the seeds of the Silkworm Grass to re-cultivate, more than 90% of the Silk Grass that they cultivated would show atavism and lose its mutated ability.

Therefore, it was exceptionally precious.

Gong Ling was overjoyed. The harvest of the Silkworm Grass was completely unexpected.

Xu Tui had not expected the Silkworm Grass to be so important to Gong Ling.

However, the bionic mechanical insects controlled by Ah Huang discovered a few stalks of Silkworm Grass. According to the information that Ah Huang had gathered, a stalk of Silkworm Grass could be exchanged for 10,000 yuan in the Genetic Research Institute, and a seed could be exchanged for 1,000 yuan.

However, there were dozens of seeds in the Silkworm Grass. That made it valuable.

Xu Tui was there for the money. He did not expect that it was exactly what Gong Ling needed. After recording the number, it went to Gong Ling first. Of course, it could not be free.

The most taboo thing about clearing missions in the wilderness was not distributing the gains clearly. After the mission ended, he would have to calculate and distribute them one by one. Because of this, Xu Tui’s prestige as a new captain had reached an unprecedented height in this small team.

At night, they camped in the temporary camp that they had chosen previously.

Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing shared a two-person tent while Xu Tui and Cheng Mo each shared a single tent.

Someone had to be on night duty when camping in the wilderness. Everyone had to keep watch for two hours, which was exactly from 10 PM to 6 AM.

Xu Tui did not stop Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing from being on night duty just because they were girls. On the contrary, they had to be on night duty.

Sleep was very important to everyone. It was the most important method to recover physical and mind power. At this moment, it was extremely stupid to take care of the girls and not let them be on night duty, which resulted in the loss of recovery for his own stamina.

The first person on duty was Cheng Mo.

Xu Tui was the last person on duty.

When it was almost dawn, it was the most difficult time for many people on night duty.

Xu Tui watched as Cheng Mo lit a fire to keep himself warm and sprayed insect repellent around him. Then, he went into his tent.

His mind power moved slightly, and his blurry mental perception silently spread out. It extended all the way to 42 meters away and extended out of the temporary campsite.

In the past 20 days, Xu Tui had been cultivating the third level of the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique.

Although there were only 12 genetic base points in the third level, the difficulty of activating it had greatly increased.

Xu Tui could consume two bottles of Level D Energy Restoration Elixirs and three bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs in a single cultivation cycle.

60% of the cultivation power was given to the third level of genetic base points. Basically, it would take three days to activate one.

So far, he had only activated the seventh genetic base point of the third level.

Because of this, his mind power had increased by a certain extent, and the distance of his mental perception had increased again. The radius of his precise mental perception reached 21 meters, and the radius of his blurry mental perception reached 42 meters.

There was no danger within 42 meters of the camp.

Xu Tui was still worried. He asked softly, “Ah Huang, did the security post notice anything unusual?”

“No.”

The bionic mechanical creatures controlled by Ah Huang had its control. Every one of them was intelligent.

Other than gathering intelligence, their greatest use was to keep watch and give early warnings.

At night, Ah Huang released at least eight types of night insects. The area within a five-kilometer radius was under its surveillance.

There were also two mechanical hummingbirds patrolling within a 50-kilometer radius to monitor the surrounding environment.

The image would be analyzed in real time by Ah Huang, a high-level artificial intelligence. He would immediately inform Xu Tui if he discovered any danger.

Now, Xu Tui somewhat understood why An Xiaoxue had often gone out on clearing missions alone.

With Ah Huang’s help, it was very easy to clear the monsters.

Of course, if the other students had a certain amount of wealth, they could also purchase these smart machines as support.