Chapter 290 - What Is "Enlightenment" And How To Level Up (2)

Chapter 290: What Is “Enlightenment” and How to Level Up (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Mr. Bian, I’ve recently chosen to study the School of General Senses and started to sense the original quantum frequency of the mountain. However, Mr. Qu said that other than hard work, it was also related to ‘enlightenment’.

“With an enlightened mind, one could sense the original quantum frequency of the mountain with half the effort. If one did not have an enlightened mind, he would not be able to achieve anything.

“Then what exactly is this ‘enlightened mind’? Is there any possibility of it improving?” Xu Tui asked.

...

“Enlightened mind?”

Bian Yuan adjusted his black-framed glasses. “I can discuss this with you, but it might not be useful.”

“No, no. You’re a teacher. I’m listening.”

Xu Tui could not accept the word “discuss” in this aspect.

“Enlightened Mind, in a narrow sense, it’s actually comprehension. For example, the cultivation of genetic ancient martial arts sometimes required more comprehension.

“Then what was this comprehension? In our research, the superficial concept of comprehension is understanding.”

“Understanding?”

“That’s right. One’s understanding of a concept or thing can be simply called comprehension. It was just like when you were studying advanced mathematics in high school. Some students could understand it the moment they heard it, but some students could not.

“Putting aside the influence of the foundation, it was related to comprehension. Some students are naturally better at math, while others are a little worse.”

“Comprehension is innate?” Xu Tui frowned.

“Yes and no.”

Xu Tui was a little confused.

“The reason is that I want to give you a deeper concept of comprehension. What is the deeper concept of comprehension?

“It’s the level of cognition!

“The conclusion of the School of Enlightened Mind’s theoretical research over the years was that the deeper concept of comprehension was actually the level of cognition. However, this was also very complicated. It was only one of the factors!

“The level of comprehension is influenced by the concepts on the surface and on a deeper level. Together, it can be called enlightenment…”

Xu Tui was even more confused when he heard this. He felt that he had been tricked. “Mr. Bian, can you be more specific?” Xu Tui whispered.

Bian Yuan was stunned for a moment. “Let me think about how to explain it.”

Bian Yuan held his black-rimmed glasses and thought for a while before reorganizing his words.

“I can tell you the details. The so-called Enlightened Mind and the so-called comprehension ability were actually classified.

“For example, some people were born to like mathematics and had a strong understanding of it. Some people were interested in chemistry from the moment they learned it and had very strong research abilities.

“They had an innate comprehension ability, or rather, talent. However, our research discovered that the so-called innate comprehension ability, other than the influence of genes, was mostly influenced by the environment and cognition!

“I can give you a few examples.

“We had previously tracked research data that showed that children who grew up in the mountains were closer to the mountains and plains. Going to the mountains was like returning home.

“As for the children who grew up in a concrete steel city, even if they went to the mountains, they would still be in awe of the mountains. However, if he were to live in the mountains for a year or two, his feelings towards the mountains would change.”

This time, Xu Tui could be considered to have understood.

“Mr. Bian, are you saying that comprehension, which is also known as enlightenment, can actually be changed and improved?”

“That’s the theory.”

“Then I want to increase my comprehension of the mountain and my perception of the mountain. Is there a specific way to increase it?”

“There are two ways,” Bian Yuan said.

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up when he heard that. There was a way. There were actually two other ways.

“The first method is to get close to the mountains and step into the mountains personally. More importantly, if you could reach the level of being one with the mountain, you should, theoretically, be very fast in sensing the original quantum frequency of the mountain. Moreover, this method can be used for other categories,” Bian Yuan said.

“I am the mountain, and the mountain is me?”

This was indeed a little mysterious. Xu Tui nodded and noted it down. “Mr. Bian, what’s the second method?”

“The second method is actually a little simple. Let me ask you a question. How are you guys going to woo girls?”

“Woo girls?”

Xu Tui was a little stunned that Bian Yuan had brought up this topic.

Xu Tui thought for a moment, then nodded and said, “It should be very simple. As long as I become more outstanding and handsome, there should be many beautiful girls who will take the initiative to chase after me. I don’t have to chase after them, right?”

Bian Yuan was stunned. He held his black-framed glasses for a long time without moving.

“Shouldn’t it be to understand the preferences of the girl you like and take the initiative to give her a gift that she likes?” After being stunned for a long time, Bian Yuan said while holding his black-framed glasses.

“Mr. Bian, if you do that, you’ll only be a bootlicker and a spare tire. It’ll be very difficult to get her.”

“Spare tire…”

Bian Yuan seemed to have been touched by something. He held his black-framed glasses and was stunned for a while before he came back to his senses.

“This… let’s change the metaphor. If you want to defeat your enemy, what do you have to do first? Think about it from a normal perspective,” Bian Yuan reminded him.

“I should understand my enemies first, right? If you know your enemy, you will never be defeated,” Xu Tui replied.

“That’s right. You have to understand your enemies first. Similarly, if you want to increase your comprehension of the mountains, you have to understand the mountains first!” Bian Yuan said.

“Understand the mountains?” Xu Tui instantly thought of a possibility. “Mr. Bian, do you want me to mine and do geological work?”

“The understanding of mountains from the geological aspect is only at the material and technological level.