Chapter 295 - You Want Me To Bring Ah Huang Along? (3)

Chapter 295: You Want Me to Bring Ah Huang Along? (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui, who had just earned 400,000 dollars, felt a little pained.

However, two days later, Xu Tui received another call from Luo Shifeng. The Taiji Genetic Evolution College in the Korean Star Sector had also sent him an invitation for an academic exchange.

The fare was still 400,000. It was a good treatment. He healed Xu Tui a little.

...

The exchange at the Taiji Genetic Evolution College in the Korean Star Sector went smoothly. After he returned, Xu Tui, who felt that he was almost ready, called Gong Ling. They agreed to set off on the morning of the 25th to complete the team clearing mission.

Xu Tui then informed Cheng Mo and Zhuang Ziqiang, the support staff, one by one. He even called Luo Shifeng to explain the situation.

Xu Tui took the opportunity in the afternoon to inform An Xiaoxue in advance while he was delivering food to An Xiaoxue at the Research Institute Number 14.

“Miss An, I’m going on a mission the day after tomorrow. I might have to leave the school for five to ten days,” Xu Tui said.

An Xiaoxue did not look surprised.

Xu Tui was not surprised. With a double agent like Ah Huang, Xu Tui’s normal actions were no secret in front of An Xiaoxue.

“Yes, completing the clearing mission can effectively train and improve you. However, remember to bring Ah Huang along when you go,” An Xiaoxue suddenly said.

Xu Tui frowned slightly. He could not react in time. Wasn’t Ah Huang in his communication device?

An Xiaoxue had specially instructed him to bring Ah Huang along. This was definitely not referring to the advanced artificial intelligence consciousness of Ah Huang, the supercomputer.

Instead, she was referring to…

Xu Tui’s mouth instantly formed an O shape.

The Ah Huang that An Xiaoxue was referring to should be Ah Huang, the bionic robot that had beaten up Li Yuenan and almost smashed her chest.

That violent Ah Huang with an extremely hot figure that was not human.

Xu Tui felt a headache coming on when he remembered that he had to bring along the sexy and fiery Ah Huang, who also had a strange personality.

“Miss An… Isn’t it inappropriate to bring Ah Huang along? That Ah Huang would attract too much attention. Moreover, as long as I bring it along, it will be exposed to my classmates.” Xu Tui looked troubled.

An Xiaoxue was stunned. After a while, she wiped the rice grains at the corner of her mouth and reacted. “What are you thinking? Who asked you to bring that Ah Huang?

“Bring this.”

An Xiaoxue threw Xu Tui a backpack. There was a mechanical storage compartment in the backpack. There were all kinds of perfect bionic mechanical creatures in the storage compartment.

There were mosquitoes as small as millet grains, larger bees, bionic mechanical insects, and bionic snakes. Most of them were birds and various flying insects.

“I’ve already given authority to this special quantum chip. Insert it to your personal communication device. At that time, as long as the quantum chip was in your personal communication device, Ah Huang would accompany you regardless of whether there was a network signal or not. It can control these bionic machines to help you.”

An Xiaoxue’s words stunned Xu Tui.

What the f*ck… Did An Xiaoxue only give him a team of bionic mechanical creatures? With the help of these bionic mechanical creatures and Ah Huang’s advanced artificial intelligence, Xu Tui suddenly felt that this group clearing mission should be very easy.

“You should understand the functions of these bionic mechanical creatures after you’re done. Some of them are good at scouting and gathering information, some are good at hiding, and some have a certain level of attack ability. It would help you a lot if you used it well.

“However, you have to remember one thing,” An Xiaoxue instructed.

“Tell me, Miss An.”

“Once your personal communication device leaves your body for more than five seconds, or once this special quantum chip containing part of Ah Huang’s original program leaves your personal communication device for more than five seconds, the special quantum chip that contained part of Ah Huang’s original program would immediately activate the self-destruction program.

“The explosion is extremely powerful. The particle beam storm produced by the explosion could destroy everything within a five-meter radius. It will be destroyed completely. There’s no way it can be restored!” An Xiaoxue instructed.

Xu Tui was shocked.