Chapter 299 - Zuo Qingqing'S Premeditation (3)

Chapter 299: Zuo Qingqing’s Premeditation (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

With every pulse, the small hole would slightly collapse. The soil and rocks nearby seemed to have a life of their own as they slowly filled the small hole.

The small hill a hundred meters away stood firmly. Even though the ground was riddled with holes by various animals and plants, it remained motionless. It stood there quietly. As long as it was there, the ground would not move.

This was the rhythm of the earth. It was also the rhythm of the mountain.

...

Xu Tui suddenly understood.

This was probably the original quantum frequency of the mountain.

In an instant, Xu Tui’s mind power moved. He used his perception instantiation to simulate the original quantum frequency of the mountain that he had just sensed. He quickly familiarized himself with it.

The mountains were the earth!

The earth was the mountain!

With this thought in mind, Xu Tui’s mind power extended into the distance along the original quantum frequency of the mountain that he had just sensed.

All of a sudden, Xu Tui could sense the aura from all directions.

A few kilometers away, a few wolves were gathered together, licking their wounds and quietly searching for prey in the night.

After his mind power matched with the original quantum frequency of the mountain, Xu Tui began to visualize the word ‘mountain’ under Qu Qingshu’s guidance.

It was like a mountain, a peak, and a town.

As he visualized, Xu Tui tried his best to match the original quantum frequency of the mountain. Even his breathing seemed to be undulating along the mountain range. Countless feelings that could only be understood but could not be described with words surged into Xu Tui’s body from the ground beneath him.

Xu Tui could sense that the entire mountain and land had suddenly become different. It was no longer purely material. Not to mention the pure soil that was composed of various elements, it was more like a life!

There was an additional existence in another form. It was a little idealistic and mysterious!

However, Xu Tui could sense that it was real. He had been immersed in the original quantum frequency of the mountain.

He was woken up by Cheng Mo’s footsteps.

“Are you okay, Little Tui?”

Cheng Mo gently patted Xu Tui and looked at the grass that was crawling on Xu Tui’s chest in shock.

Less than two hours had passed.

Due to the resonance between Xu Tui and the original quantum frequency of the earth, the weeds around Xu Tui grew wildly and covered him.

“It’s fine. These grass were affected by my cultivation,” Xu Tui said as he patted the dew.

Cheng Mo stared at Xu Tui. He was a little stunned.

“Sigh, I’m really envious of your Mystery Branch. You guys have a completely different perspective of the world from our Extreme Branch.”

“According to the school’s theory, all the cultivation will end in the same path. If you work hard, you might be able to see the same glory as us,” Xu Tui said.

“That’s true. I have to work hard!”

Cheng Mo waved his fist. “I’ll go get some water. We’ll have breakfast. You just finished your night shift. Why don’t you rest for a while?”

Xu Tui nodded and entered the tent. He did not need to rest, but he needed to organize his thoughts. He had already sensed the original quantum frequency of the mountain. However, he could not come up with an effective combat strength yet.

According to the current situation, he can only affect the superpowers of earth-element superhumans after he encounters them.

Xu Tui’s next step would be to walk the path of Ji Gui. He had to continue sensing and visualizing the word ‘mountain’. Only by reaching the level of resonance between the internal and external quantum frequencies could he suppress everything like Ji Gui.

However, it will take too long if he’s like Ji Gui. He did not do anything for five years and only sensed the mountain.

Not to mention Xu Tui, 99% of the people would not be able to hold on.

Of course, Xu Tui would not take the same path as Ji Gui. He had to increase his strength bit by bit. Moreover, he had his own thoughts about sensing the original quantum frequency of the mountains in his body.

After all, he was different from ordinary students.

However, it was already dawn. He had to continue with the clearing mission. He could only try his cultivation at night to verify his thoughts. If he could, he might be able to form combat power in a short period of time.

He could even obtain superpowers!

An hour later, Xu Tui, Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing, who had finished their breakfast, continued to explore the area according to their plan.

The patrolling robot hummingbird was not only helping Xu Tui patrol at night, but it was also gathering information about the surrounding animals and plants. Then, Ah Huang, the advanced artificial intelligence, would analyze and retrieve valuable clues.

During the day, Xu Tui retrieved the two Hummingbirds that he had been patrolling the entire night. He placed them back in the mechanical warehouse to recharge.

He also released two hummingbirds to patrol the area.

It was still a fruitful day.

However, Xu Tui’s expression became serious in the afternoon.

In the Hummingbird’s patrol image, he found the figure he had discovered last night. It was a man in a special combat uniform! According to the speed and various movements of the person in the video, Ah Huang’s analysis was that this person was at least a Genetic Evolution realm expert.

The life essence of a Genetic Evolution realm expert had already undergone two major enhancements—Genetic Mutation and Genetic Evolution.

Putting aside his genetic chain abilities, the basic qualities of his physical body could crush Xu Tui and the other three.

This was a very dangerous target. More importantly, this person had appeared within ten kilometers of Xu Tui and the others three times in the afternoon.

This Genetic Evolver seemed to know about the existence of Xu Tui and the others. However, he did not disturb them immediately. He probably did not notice that Xu Tui had noticed him. It was unknown whether he was an enemy or friend.

However, Xu Tui still decisively ended the exploration. The four of them rode the repulsive force flying skateboard and quickly returned to the temporary camp.

“Pack your things and prepare to change the temporary camp,” Xu Tui immediately ordered.

“Why?” Zuo Qingqing frowned.

Xu Tui raised his head and stared at Zuo Qingqing. “Execute it first next time before asking why. That’s because I’ve discovered an uncertain risk factor.”

“An uncertain risk factor? Is it a human or a mutated animal?” Zuo Qingqing asked.

“He’s a Genetic Evolver. He’s nearby. Hurry up and pack up,” Xu Tui replied without even looking up.

Zuo Qingqing thought for a moment and suddenly spread her hands. “Xu Tui, the person you discovered might be a friend of mine. He is a friend who is secretly protecting me.”

“Your friend?”

Xu Tui stopped what he was doing. He stared at Zuo Qingqing coldly. “You gave him our location?”

“I did, but the original plan was that I would introduce him to you when he came over. But I didn’t expect you to discover him in advance. Don’t worry, he doesn’t have any ill intentions. Why don’t I call him and ask him first?” Zuo Qingqing seemed to have noticed the change in Xu Tui’s attitude and took the initiative to ask for his opinion.

Cheng Mo and Gong Ling did not speak. They only looked at Xu Tui. Clearly, they had realized something.

Xu Tui coldly glanced at Zuo Qingqing for a while before he slowly said, “Next time, if you have similar arrangements, you’d better tell us about the situation in advance. At the very least, you had to explain the situation to us in advance. Otherwise, I will regard your actions as non-safe and threatening. You have to leave the team early.”

“Sorry.”

Zuo Qingqing apologized sincerely. “It’s also because this friend of mine wants to meet you. He contacted me after he heard that I was going on a clearing mission. I wanted to explain it to you before he came tonight.”

“See me?”

Xu Tui’s gaze toward Zuo Qingqing instantly became extremely vigilant. It was a premeditation!

The clearing mission this time was most likely planned by Zuo Qingqing!