Chapter 300 - Super Big Fireworks

Chapter 300: Super Big Fireworks

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“In other words, you deliberately arranged Gong Ling’s clearing mission this time?” Xu Tui’s gaze was as sharp as a knife as he stared at Zuo Qingqing with an unfriendly gaze.

“No!”

Zuo Qingqing firmly denied it.

...

“Little Tui, don’t be angry. I was the one who took the initiative to look for you during the clearing mission.” Gong Ling also realized something and hurriedly explained.

Xu Tui looked at Gong Ling and then at Zuo Qingqing. His expression suddenly became determined.

“Continue packing. Prepare to change camps. Zuo Qingqing, you have two choices. The first is to leave us now and look for your friend. I don’t welcome students with ulterior motives.

“Of course, if you don’t want to leave, I can let you stay for the sake of your classmates. However, you have to hand over your personal communication device and all the devices that can locate you.”

Zuo Qingqing’s expression changed drastically. Gong Ling was also anxious and wanted to speak up for Zuo Qingqing.

However, Xu Tui stopped her and said, “Gong Ling, you don’t understand. You have to be careful in the future. Don’t be sold by Zuo Qingqing and even help her count the money.”

“You!”

Zuo Qingqing stomped her feet in anger. Gong Ling was also at a loss. She did not know what to do.

However, Cheng Mo started to pack up the camp’s equipment. He was about to leave.

“I really don’t have any ill intentions. It’s just that I reported the news that I was going for a clearing mission. When they heard that you were among the members, they became interested,” Zuo Qingqing quickly explained.

“Why didn’t you say so in advance?”

At that moment, Xu Tui’s gaze was very cold.

“People can die in the wild. And it’s very easy! Mozi, hurry up.”

Xu Tui urged.

“I…” Zuo Qingqing was tongue-tied and did not know how to explain.

“Xu Tui, believe me. My friend and I really have no ill intentions,” Zuo Qingqing explained helplessly.

“I believe you!”

Zuo Qingqing was delighted when she heard that, but Xu Tui did not stop what he was doing.

“Then you…”

“I hate being arranged!”

The scene of the Jincheng Prefecture being used as bait by the Special Intelligence Division once again surfaced in Xu Tui’s mind.

That incident had a huge impact on Xu Tui. It was as if it was catalyzing his maturity.

Xu Tui did not want to think too much about whether he was being used as bait or not. The only thing he was certain of was that he did not have the chance to refuse, much less the ability to refuse.

The only thing he could do was take advantage of the situation to save himself!

Therefore, Xu Tui preferred to make his own choices. He hated being arranged by others!

Zuo Qingqing was extremely smart. Xu Tui’s words made her understand something. She suddenly lowered his head and said, “I’m sorry.”

Xu Tui ignored Zuo Qingqing’s apology. “I’ll say it again. You have two choices. Leave or hand over all your electronic devices.”

Xu Tui’s expression changed drastically the moment he finished speaking.

The Flying Sword and Silver Pills instantly flew up in front of him. It was instantly accelerated to a strategic speed and began to circle above Xu Tui’s head.

Cheng Mo instantly threw away the things in his hand and protected Xu Tui on his left with his machete.

Gong Ling took a step toward Xu Tui. The nearby plants suddenly seemed to come to life and began to move rhythmically.

Especially the long vine grass, which was slowly moving like a poisonous snake ready to strike.

Xu Tui’s gaze was fixed on a large tree that grew among the rocks. At this moment, a man was standing on the top of the tree. He swayed with the wind as he looked at Xu Tui.

“Not bad. As expected of the most outstanding first-year dragon in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College in the past ten years!”

The man smiled and slowly spread his hands, indicating that he meant no harm.

Xu Tui shifted his gaze and stared at Zuo Qingqing. “Did you inform him?”

“I didn’t!” Zuo Qingqing denied.

“It has nothing to do with Qingqing. I realized that you had ended your exploration early and returned quickly. I thought that something might have happened to you. I didn’t expect to be discovered by you. Furthermore, you discovered my traces very early on.”

The man looked at the distant sky. “Why didn’t I notice that you released electronic reconnaissance equipment around us?”

The man spoke in a very relaxed manner, but Xu Tui’s flying sword and silver pills were flying back and forth even faster. The man could not help but smile bitterly.

“Here, this is my weapon luggage. I’ll throw it to you for safekeeping.”

The man took off his backpack and threw it over from afar. There was a holster outside the backpack.

It was a combination spear.

Cheng Mo took the backpack and placed the gun bag in his hand. “It’s quite heavy.”

“Now, believe me, I don’t have any ill intentions. You won’t lower your guard only after I bind my hands, right?”

The man suddenly jumped down from the mountain and appeared ten meters in front of Xu Tui.

“I’m a Genetic Evolver after all, and I’m also from the Genetic Ancient Martial Arts. Xu Tui, you should maintain a certain level of respect for your seniors, right?

“Let me introduce myself. My name is Shi Hong. I’m the person-in-charge of the Huaya Sector’s external communications of The Myth. I came here mainly to talk to you.”

Shi Hong casually wiped a handful of rocks and sat down comfortably.

“Xu Tui, your vigilance is not bad, but don’t go overboard in the wild and show off your vigilance and hostility. The thought of either friends or enemies would only bring you more trouble. After all, we are still humans.”

Xu Tui looked at Shi Hong and remained silent for a few moments. In the end, he slowly nodded. He put away the Silver Pills and Flying Sword and sat down on another rock 12 to 13 meters away from Shi Hong.

At this distance, even if Shi Hong was a Genetic Evolver, Xu Tui had the Time Distortion ability and would still be able to react even if he was suddenly attacked.

Shi Hong was slightly stunned when he saw Xu Tui’s behavior. Then, he smiled. “You’re very careful. Very good. You can usually live a little longer by doing this. Xu Tui, are you interested in joining The Myth organization?”

Shi Hong said directly.

“You came to me for this?” Xu Tui frowned.

“What did you expect?”

“Then you can come to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College to look for me in another normal way.”

At the mention of this, Shi Hong’s expression darkened slightly. “I can go to other places in the Huaya Sector, but I can’t go to the capital.”

“You’re a wanted criminal?” Xu Tui frowned.

“You can understand it that way, but it’s not what you think! As a person, I still think I’m a good person. How about joining our organization?” Shi Hong raised the topic again. “If you are willing to join, you can directly become a junior official member.

“Junior official members could obtain materials and information to cultivate two abilities for free.

“I have to remind you that the abilities that The Myths provides are things that the various genetic research institutes and the Genetic Committee on the Blue Start cannot provide.” Shi Hong directly offered benefits.

To be honest, Xu Tui’s standards had become higher. He was not someone who could be easily tempted by some benefits.

The only thing that interested Xu Tui was that the ability cultivation options provided by The Myth were not available to the Genetic Committee or the Genetic Research Institute.

That was impressive.

“Why did you come looking for me? Why did you spend so much effort? I’m just a student. Even if I join The Myth, I won’t be able to give you any benefits, right?” Xu Tui asked.

“Potential and future!” Shi Hong said.

“I understand the potential, but what does the future mean?”

Shi Hong was not in a hurry to answer. Instead, he directed Cheng Mo.

“I see that you have prey today. Come, come, build a fire and make a pot! It’s getting dark. Let’s eat something hot and talk as we eat.”

Cheng Mo looked at Xu Tui.

“Let’s get some food.”

In the wilderness, it was a simple stew and barbecue. The tools and condiments were all ready-made, so it was quite fast.

“What do you think of this Great Genetic Age?” Shi Hong suddenly asked.

“Not bad. Life is very stable. There are resources for cultivation. It would be best if this continues,” Xu Tui said.

Shi Hong laughed. “Have you been overseas?”

“Does Yamato Sector count?”

“It doesn’t count. I mean outside Huaya.”

“No.”

Xu Tui shook his head.

“Then what do you think of the power that the genetic newcomers have now?”

“Power?”

“That’s right. For example, your teacher, An Xiaoxue. Under the right conditions, she can wipe out a small army of no more than a thousand people in an extremely short period of time. And it won’t take more than three minutes.”

Xu Tui’s eyes widened. “This…”

“You don’t believe me?

“Actually, if you were to launch a surprise attack on an elite army of 100 people, you should be able to wipe them out. Of course, you probably did not have much of a chance of winning if you were to fight them.

“Do you not realize such strength?” Shi Hong said.

Xu Tui was a little confused. He had not considered this problem before.

“Do you understand?”

Xu Tui still shook his head.

“A hundred years ago, our Blue Star was still a world of ordinary people. Be it in terms of background, power, or wealth, everyone was an ordinary person.

“But now?

“Life has become different! Some of the humans already possessed certain subversive powers.

“A hundred years of accumulation had also allowed this world to enter a stage of great change. What followed would be an era of turbulence.

“What The Myth had to do was to recruit the heroes in advance. This is also the reason why I specially came to find you.”

After he finished speaking, Shi Hong smiled and looked at Xu Tui. “Do you understand?”

Xu Tui shook his head again, but there was still a hint of shock in his eyes. He was very smart. He had already understood what was going on.

“No, you understand. You just don’t want to accept it.” Shi Hong’s words were sharp.

Xu Tui remained silent for a while before he slowly said, “I like my current stable life.”

“The Huaxia Sector is different. The things I’m talking about are mainly related to things outside of the Huaxia Sector. No one dares to touch the Huaxia Sector!” Shi Hong said.

After a moment of silence, Xu Tui shook his head stubbornly again. “I still prefer my current life. It’s very stable and I can cultivate happily.”

Hearing this, Shi Hong shook his head. “Your current stability and happiness are given to you by this era. Not something you could choose. When the times change, you have no choice but to struggle and fight!” Shi Hong’s words were cruel.

“There are still enemies in the extra-terrestrial. The entire Blue Star is united against the invaders…”

“You didn’t go to the extra-terrestrial. How do you know that we are united against the invaders?” Shi Hong interrupted Xu Tui.

“I don’t think so…” Xu Tui suddenly felt a little flustered when he thought of some possibilities.

“I understand. This is the normal mentality of most people. Pretending to be an ostrich.”

Shi Hong burped after happily drinking a bowl of meat soup. He glanced at Xu Tui, who had a conflicted expression on his face. “What I said just now is too far away for most people. Then I’ll show you the real one.”

“Real? What is real?” Xu Tui asked.

“Are fireworks considered real?”

“Fireworks?”

“That’s right. Tonight, everyone on the Blue Star can see a huge fireworks display!” Shi Hong pointed at the night sky.

Xu Tui and the others looked up at the night sky at the same time. They did not see anything other than the stars.

Just as he was feeling puzzled, Cheng Mo suddenly exclaimed.

“Look!”

A bright light suddenly blossomed from the horizon!