Chapter 505 - Strategic Invention And Big Shot (3)

Chapter 505: Strategic Invention and Big Shot (3)

Xu Tui glanced at Yan Lie.

Yan Lie was a suitable candidate. Xu Tui could not let Yan Lie down if he really had to keep watch for him. He had to give him more benefits.

“Why don’t I start implementing it now?” Xu Tui thought about it carefully again and felt that it was very practical. However, he had to communicate with Yan Lie beforehand. While Xu Tui was organizing his words, he could sense that the useless Origin Crystal was rapidly replenishing its energy.

Suddenly, Xu Tui had another bold thought.

Since humans could quickly absorb the energy inside through Origin Crystals, and these useless mind power Origin Crystals could be replenished by the rich energy here.

Could a cycle be established between the three of them? Could genetic newcomers absorb the rich energy here by directly absorbing this useless mind power Origin Crystal?

This useless mind power Origin Crystal was like a transit device. If it succeeded, the efficiency of absorbing Origin Energy would be much faster than absorbing and replenishing it.

Xu Tui was shocked by this thought. If this idea succeeded, did that mean that genetic newcomers could also directly absorb energy in the energy overflow circle? It was almost like an alien invasion elite! He could quickly improve himself by standing here and confronting the elites of the alien invasion.

The prerequisite was that every elite had to have a useless mind power Origin Crystal. With so many elites, it was a little difficult to achieve this. However, the collective strength was extremely powerful.

If the Blue Star were to collect the useless mind power Origin Crystals, half or a third of the Blue Star elite students might be able to obtain a useless mind power Origin Crystal to directly absorb the energy here to strengthen themselves.

If it could really be realized, this invention would definitely be able to change the current situation on Mars. However, the prerequisite for this was to verify Xu Tui’s bold idea.

This was too convenient to verify. In the next moment, Xu Tui picked up the useless mind power Origin Crystal and stuck it to his chest. This is the area of the genetic base points that were reflected when Xu Tui was cultivating the Lesser Heavenly Cycle Technique. Actually, in genetic ancient martial arts, an even more ancient term was the acupoints.

Of course, the saying that genetic base points and acupoints were interconnected only applied to genetic base points related to genetic ancient martial arts. The genetic base points of other genetic ability chains were completely different.

He guided the energy field slightly. Less than a third of the energy in the useless Origin Crystal that was replenished quickly surged into Xu Tui’s body. This time, he chose to use this energy to try and strengthen the genetic ability chain related to genetic ancient martial arts.

The genetic base points of the genetic ability chain of genetic ancient martial arts had not been strengthened or developed again. There was not a single level-two genetic base point. This also caused the upper limit of Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier’s defense to be rather low.

Xu Tui was, firstly, experimenting. Secondly, if he really succeeded, he would have to take the opportunity to strengthen the defensive ability of his Vajra Barrier. Soon, the energy in the useless Origin Crystal was completely absorbed. However, the situation that Xu Tui had expected did not happen. The energy was slowly replenishing, but it was not directly absorbed into his body.

Xu Tui thought for a moment and rotated the energy field power in his chest slightly, forming a vortex-like intake. In the next moment, a small whirlwind appeared on the ground.

A large amount of Origin Energy surged into the useless mind power Origin Crystal and into Xu Tui’s chest from the useless mind power Origin Crystal. Then, Xu Tui quickly used the Mind Concentration Technique to strengthen the genetic base points of the Lesser Heavenly Cycle.

It worked!

Xu Tui’s thoughts were true. This useless mind power Origin Crystal could really be used as a transit device.

By the side, Yan Lie, who had been on guard for Xu Tui, glanced at Xu Tui in confusion. He did not quite understand what Xu Tui was doing. However, in his perception, the energy gathering and flowing around Xu Tui was obvious. One could even vaguely see a stream of energy rushing into Xu Tui’s body.

“That’s not true! That can’t be true.” Yan Lie consoled himself. He felt that what he saw might only be a ball of demonic wind. Humans could not absorb a large amount of energy within the energy overflow circle. Countless predecessors had already verified it countless times.

Xu Tui was constantly calculating and estimating. Ten minutes later, he could no longer hide the joy in his eyes. This efficiency was much faster than replenishment! It would take more than an hour to fully replenish the less than a gram of mind power Origin Crystals in the 43rd circle. It would take 20 minutes to absorb them.

A cycle took an hour and a half. However, if he absorbed it directly like this, he would be able to absorb 1 gram of Origin Crystal source energy in 40 minutes. And this was only in the 43rd circle. The absorption speed in the inner circle would only be faster.

As long as he had a useless mind power Origin Crystal, as long as he stood in the energy overflow circle, he would be able to continuously absorb the energy here to strengthen himself like an alien invasion elite.

As long as Xu Tui was willing, he could bring Yan Lie into the 30th circle or even the inner circle. Then, he could continuously strengthen his strength.

However, there were two problems that had to be resolved.

One was Yan Lie. Over the past few hours, Yan Lie had been dutifully helping Xu Tui keep watch. As a teammate, Xu Tui could not let go of the fact that he was monopolizing the food. He could not do it previously.

However, the method that he had invented now only required a useless mind power Origin Crystal to continuously strengthen himself. How this problem was resolved depended on Xu Tui’s thoughts.

The second problem was safety.

Just now, Xu Tui had used the useless mind power Origin Crystal to absorb energy in the 43rd circle. He had only used his energy field to activate it. He had not even used his mind power to activate it when he triggered the abnormal surging energy. If he reached the 30th circle, the energy concentration there would be even denser.

If Xu Tui absorbed it through the useless mind power Origin Crystal, it was very likely that it would form a small whirlwind of Origin Energy and charge into Xu Tui’s body. Under such circumstances, Xu Tui would instantly become the center of attention.

Those in this energy overflow combat circle were all elites with intelligence. This was especially so for the alien invasion elites who had experience in absorbing energy. They would immediately realize what had happened.

He might instantly become the target of everyone. He might even be targeted by the alien invasion elites!

In terms of value, this was a strategic invention! Especially for humans. Of course, Xu Tui would definitely report this invention. However, this place was a little rushed and chaotic. At the very least, he had to hand the invention over to the Huaxia Sector. It was safer to hand it over after the battle. However, Xu Tui would not be able to enjoy any benefits if he did so after the battle. If he missed this year, he would have to wait another year!

It would be a waste of time to leave the energy overflow combat circle and report to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.@@novelbin@@

Currently, with Xu Tui’s invention, his strength would increase to a certain extent if he stayed in the energy overflow circle for a few more hours. The duration of the energy overflow circle might not be the same. He could not miss it.

Xu Tui thought about it and turned his gaze toward Zhu Lang, the strategic coordinator of Phobos’ Combat Command. Now, he could only report it through him.

“Commander Zhu, can you come over for a moment?”

Zhu Lang, who was checking the injuries of a third-year student in the 38th circle, was suddenly stunned. The sudden voice in his mind shocked him. A big shot from the Mystery Branch was communicating with him directly through spiritual resonance? Who could it be?

“I am Xu Tui, Commander Zhu. Come over if you are free.”

In the next moment, Zhu Lang was stunned! The big shot who could communicate with him through spiritual resonance was actually the number one prodigy this year, Xu Tui? When did the number one prodigy of the batch become so awesome?