Chapter 502 - The Real Key

Chapter 502: The Real Key

They were both useless Origin Crystals. Why could one be replenished and the other not? He could not get a specific answer to this question just by daydreaming.

Xu Tui gestured for Yan Lie to continue his vigilance and started his experiment on the spot. There were many differences between the useless Origin Crystals that could be replenished and those that could not.

The first difference was powder.

The useless Origin Crystals that could be replenished were rubbed into fine powder. The useless Origin Crystals that could not be replenished were small pieces.

So he began an experiment on the spot. He used his fingers to finely knead the useless Origin Crystals that could not be replenished and throw them nearby. He would also throw a few pieces of the useless Origin Crystal powder that Xu Tui had brought with him to compare with the ones that could be replenished previously.

The second difference was the mental magnetic pillar.

Most of the useless Origin Crystals that could be replenished previously had been planted with mental magnetic pillars.

Xu Tui also threw out a few groups of useless Origin Crystal powder. Some of them had the mental magnetic pillar, while some did not.

This was a comparison.

The third difference was something that Xu Tui only remembered after thinking for a while.

And that was the source!

Currently, there are only two sources of Origin Crystals circulating in the extra-terrestrial and the Blue Star.

One source was the almost natural Origin Crystals that spewed out of the Energy Overflow Tunnel. There were similar Origin Crystals in other special places.

The other source was from killing. It came from the extraction of experts after they died. After a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert was killed, the power in their body would spontaneously condense in some parts of their body. These condensed things were Origin Crystals.

Under normal circumstances, Origin Crystals could only be condensed after the deaths of powerful Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. A quasi-planetary powerhouse could definitely condense Origin Crystals.

These were only two known sources of Origin Crystals.

The useless Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had crushed into powder were provided to him by An Xiaoxue. Xu Tui could not be sure if the useless Origin Crystals that An Xiaoxue had given him came from the condensation of an expert after their death or if they were natural. He could not contact An Xiaoxue at this moment.

However, Xu Tui was not in a hurry. He would solve the problem with experiments.

Xu Tui had not used the 10 Origin Crystals that Shamera had given him because there would be a mental impact. But he had always carried it with him as it could save his life at critical moments.

Soon, Xu Tui found an earth-element Origin Crystal. It was very small. It might not even be a gram. It was much smaller than the Origin Crystal that Xu Tui had used when he learned the ability of the Water Puppet. However, it was obvious that this earth-element Origin Crystal had a very faint branding aura.

This was the greatest difference between Origin Crystals condensed after death and natural Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui immediately absorbed the energy in the earth-element Origin Crystal. Boundless energy instantly rushed into his body, carrying traces of aura branding. The moment the energy was drawn into his body, it was triggered by the green light’s aura brand. It gathered and changed, wanting to transform into another form.

Xu Tui quickly followed with his mental perception. That was how he learned the water puppet back then. However, just as Xu Tui’s mental perception caught up, the energy did not change its form the moment the wisps of aura were depleted. It all turned into pure energy.

Xu Tui was a little disappointed.

Xu Tui, who had been observing carefully with his mental perception, roughly understood that it was probably because he did not have enough aura branding that he did not manage to change his energy form.

The reason was very simple. The Origin Crystal was too small. It might be because the owner of the Origin Crystal was too weak when he was alive.

In the next moment, Xu Tui quickly guided the earth-element energy to the genetic base points of the Stab Formula. He could not waste this energy. It was best to use it to strengthen the genetic base points of the Stab Formula.

There were a total of six genetic base points in the Stab Formula. Before this, only one genetic base point had been strengthened to Level 2 silver and had completed the genetic mutation.

Under the illusory introspective state, Xu Tui used the Mind Concentration Technique to direct his energy into the second genetic base point of the Stab Formula. The second genetic base point of the Stab Formula expanded rapidly under the injection of the Origin Crystal’s energy.

Fifteen minutes later, it suddenly jumped. The second genetic base point of the Stab Formula had been strengthened to Level 2 silver.

The remaining energy guided and strengthened the third genetic base point of the Stab Formula. Five minutes later, the input energy stopped. The Origin Crystal was empty. Xu Tui had sucked it dry. The third genetic base point of the Stab Formula did not strengthen to Level 2 silver.

On the surface, three-quarters of the energy of an Origin Crystal that was less than a gram only strengthened one genetic base point to Level 2. He could roughly deduce that 0.7 grams of a Origin Crystal could strengthen a genetic base point to Level 2.

There was not much consumption.

However, this was only established when the Stab Formula only had six genetic base points. The passive consumption of the other genetic base points was lower. Based on a rough estimate, about one gram of a Origin Crystal should be able to strengthen a genetic base point to Level 2 silver.

This consumption was a bit high, but based on Xu Tui’s current gains, he should be able to withstand it. This was another reference data that Xu Tui had obtained during his experiment.

Next, he exited his meditative state and began to observe the previous experiment.

Yan Lie heaved a sigh of relief when he sensed that the energy fluctuations on Xu Tui’s body had disappeared. This was a battlefield. There were powerful enemies surrounding him. Yan Lie, who was on guard, was a little nervous.

“It’s over?”

“Not yet!”

“Then continue.” Yan Lie gritted his teeth and continued to focus on guarding Xu Tui.

Soon, Xu Tui frowned. The results of the experiments just now were basically out. Whether it was the natural Origin Crystals in their entirety, or the powder form, they did not replenish any Origin Energy. On the contrary, Xu Tui’s powder-like Origin Crystal had been replenished by at least half.

This was the first experiment.

The second experiment was to compare the specificity of the Spiritual Magnetic Marker.

Unfortunately, in the Natural Origin Crystal Testing Group, whether the Origin Crystals, which had all sizes, were planted with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker or not, it did not replenish any energy. In other words, the key was not whether or not he had planted the Spiritual Magnetic Marker.

However, Xu Tui noticed something unusual in the comparison group of the second experiment.

The comparison group for the second experiment was Xu Tui’s own Origin Crystal Powder. A portion of it was planted with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker, while the rest was not planted with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker.

The Origin Crystal powder that had been planted with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker had been replenished in just 20 minutes.

The Origin Crystal powder that was not planted with the Spiritual Magnetic Marker was only half replenished in 20 minutes.

Conclusion: Similar mental power like the Spiritual Magnetic Marker is not the key to the replenishment of energy, but it can affect the speed at which energy is replenished.

Then what was the key to replenishing energy?

Xu Tui began his third experiment.

He first threw out the Origin Crystal Powder and the Origin Crystal that he had just obtained after the expert died.

The experiment did not have to be long. Xu Tui got the results in three minutes.

The Origin Crystal Powder that Xu Tui had brought with him was thrown onto the ground without planting the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. When the Origin Energy gushing out of the tunnel landed, a portion of the Origin Energy slowly fused into it. Replenishment had started when it was thrown to a place with Origin Energy.

On the contrary, Xu Tui had thrown out the Origin Crystals that he had obtained after the death of an expert for three minutes. There was no movement. It still did not replenish!

Xu Tui was completely stunned.

The third difference of the different source of Origin Crystal was also ineffective. He did not believe it. He first planted the Spiritual Magnetic Marker into the useless Origin Crystals that he had just taken out, then crushed them. He then planted the Spiritual Magnetic Marker and tried to replenish them.@@novelbin@@

Unfortunately, all of them failed without exception. It could not be replenished!

Xu Tui gritted his teeth. Did something magical happen to the small Origin Crystal powder he brought? Or had it undergone special processing? It shouldn’t have.

Xu Tui had even used the same method of crushing as An Xiaoxue. But why wasn’t it replenished?

This made no sense!

Every Origin Crystal powder he brought from the Blue Star could be replenished. The ones that he crushed on the spot could not be replenished. Did he have to bring it back to the Blue Star for it to have a magical reaction? Or should he talk about the ‘mystery’ outside of science? Or was it because it was specially dealt with by An Xiaoxue?

Xu Tui frowned. He was stunned. It looked like this experiment was about to end. However, the Origin Crystal powder he brought could indeed replenish its Origin Energy.

However, Xu Tui could not think of any of the possibilities.

“What’s wrong?” Yan Lie, who was on guard, asked with concern when he saw Xu Tui’s furrowed brows.

“Nothing.” Xu Tui first shook his head. Then, he asked Yan Lie, “What do you think is the difference between the natural Origin Crystals here and the Origin Crystals extracted from the experts after they died?”

“There are many differences. The research institute has studied them. First, the crystal was more stable. After the natural Origin Crystals were sucked dry, their size would decrease drastically. However, the condensed Origin Crystals would not.

“Secondly, it had its own energy attribute and branding mark. It was impossible for a natural Origin Crystal to have a remnant branding mark. The energy attributes were actually very weak too. For example, the attribute characteristics of the condensed Origin Crystal are very strong,” Yan Lie said.

“Then have you heard of the research institute conducting projects like energy replenishment?”

“They did, but they paid a huge price. In the end, they didn’t manage to produce any results,” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui was stunned. It looked like his research was about to fail. However, the problem was that the Origin Crystal powder he brought could really replenish its Origin Energy.

This was the truth!

However, what was the difference? Why could the Origin Crystal Powder he brought be replenished with Origin Energy while the other useless Origin Crystals could not?

Xu Tui stared at the pile of Origin Crystal Powder in front of him. He could not figure it out. Suddenly, two different colors appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes.

Earthen yellow and red!

The earthen yellow color was the color of the useless Origin Crystal that Xu Tui had just absorbed. The red color was the color of the Origin Crystal powder that Xu Tui had brought with him. In reality, this was the color of Mars here.

The Origin Crystal powder that Xu Tui had brought was almost transparent. Only a transparent Origin Crystal powder could be planted with a Spiritual Magnetic Marker that leaves it on the ground without attracting the enemy’s attention.

There was only one type of transparent Origin Crystal powder—mind power Origin Crystal!

Only the mind power Origin Crystal was transparent!

Xu Tui was instantly shocked.

Was that the key?