Chapter 507 - Zhu Lang’S Intention (2)

Chapter 507: Zhu Lang’s Intention (2)

The current equipment could not collect and use all the energy. During the energy tide, at least half of the energy that surged out of the five Mars bases was wasted. If there was a way to directly absorb it, those elites would not have to take the risk and could directly absorb energy in the five bases to increase their strength.

The significance of that to genetic newcomers was simply…

However, in the next moment, Zhu Lang felt that it was impossible. This invention was too important. Research in this direction had been conducted for many years, but there were no valuable discoveries. How could he have been discovered by a student who had just arrived on Mars?

However, Xu Tui was constantly absorbing the scattered energy here. His aura was also changing because the energy had entered his body.

“You… you can really… absorb it? The invention you’re talking about… is this?” Zhu Lang pointed at the energy source. His voice was a little stuttering.

“That’s right. That’s why I told you immediately that it’s very important!”

Zhu Lang’s hair stood on end. “Really?”

“Didn’t you see it?”

“What’s the method? Can I absorb it directly?” Zhu Lang blurted out a question. Just as he finished asking, he quickly waved his hand. “Stop, don’t say it yet. This is important. Turn on the recording. We’ll both start recording!”

“Turn on the recording?”

“That’s right. This result is real. The impact is too deep. We have to prove that you are the only original creator,” Zhu Lang said.

Xu Tui’s gaze toward Zhu Lang shifted slightly. Zhu Lang looked dishonest, but the things he did were very considerate of Xu Tui. This person was not bad!

In the next moment, Xu Tui and Zhu Lang turned on the recording.

“You can use the useless mind power Origin Crystal as a transit device. Then, you can use the energy field power or the mental vortex to activate and absorb it,” Xu Tui said.

Zhu Lang frowned. “Useless Origin Crystals for transit? Someone has done this experiment before, but they didn’t succeed.”

“It’s not an ordinary useless Origin Crystal. It has to be a mind power Origin Crystal condensed after death.”

Zhu Lang roughly understood when he heard that. “Can you replicate it for me?”

This matter was of utmost importance. Zhu Lang did not dare to act recklessly. If he made an emergency report and made a mistake, he might become a joke for the rest of his life. He had to see it with his own eyes.

“It can be replicated, but you have to provide me with mind power Origin Crystals or useless mind power Origin Crystals,” Xu Tui said.@@novelbin@@

“I have mind power Origin Crystals, but not useless ones.”

“That’s good. I’ll create useless mind power Origin Crystals for you on the spot,” Xu Tui said.

To be honest, mind power Origin Crystals were rather precious. As the strategic coordinator, one of Zhu Lang’s roles was to supply some students who were in an emergency state. Of course, it was only limited to the more valuable ones.

If the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, exhausted his mind power, Zhu Lang would immediately give him a mind power Origin Crystal to recover his mind power. It was the kind that was paid for by the government!

Ordinary students had to accumulate contribution points to obtain a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir.

“Alright, do it in front of me. I might be able to sense your situation with my mental perception. I hope you won’t reject it!” Zhu Lang took out a transparent mind power Origin Crystal that was about a gram and handed it to Xu Tui.

“Okay!

Xu Tui immediately absorbed the energy in the mind power Origin Crystal. It was directly used to strengthen the ninth genetic base point of the mental whip.

Zhu Lang used his mind power to sense Xu Tui’s every move. Of course, he could only sense the general situation.

Twenty-five minutes later, the mind power Origin Crystal that Xu Tui had absorbed gradually became transparent. He must have absorbed it all.

Xu Tui frowned slightly.

“Why? Do you have a problem?” Zhu Lang was a little surprised when he saw Xu Tui frown.

He instantly thought of another possibility. Could it be that the kid in front of him was scamming resources from him? If that was the case, he would definitely teach Xu Tui a lesson.

Xu Tui sensed it a few times and shook his head. There were no problems with the Origin Crystals. The problem was Xu Tui’s mental whip genetic ability chain. The ninth genetic base point of the mental whip had been strengthened to Level 2 silver. At this point, the nine genetic base points of the mental whip had all been strengthened to Level 2 silver.

It was also the only Level 2 silver genetic ability chain in Xu Tui’s body.

However, the strange thing was that after the nine genetic base points in the genetic ability chain were all strengthened to Level 2 silver, there did not seem to be any changes to the mental vibrating whip.

This was a little beyond Xu Tui’s expectations.

However, Zhu Lang was in front of him now and he did not have the time to study it. Immediately, under Zhu Lang’s gaze, Xu Tui used the useless mind power Origin Crystal that he had just created as a transit device and began to absorb energy again. In front of him, another extremely faint Origin Energy flow appeared.

The moment he saw the energy flow, Zhu Lang was in a daze. He succeeded! He had really succeeded again!

However, Zhu Lang immediately noticed another problem. This invention had a huge restriction.

Mind power Origin Crystal!

It must be useless mind power Origin Crystal to allow humans to directly absorb energy in the energy overflow circle. As for mind power Origin Crystals, they were the only Origin Crystals that were not natural. The only way to obtain them was to gather them after the death of an expert.

There were very few of them. It was not that there were none. However, there were definitely not many of them. It could be foreseen that once this invention was announced, the price of mind power Origin Crystals would increase exponentially.

No! It was not a rise in prices!