Chapter 509 - Cleaning Up The Inventory And Explanation (1)

Chapter 509: Cleaning Up the Inventory and Explanation (1)

“Old Yan, I just created a small invention on the battlefield. You are a participant and a witness. How is it? Is it honorable?” Xu Tui boarded the sky aircraft that was flying over from afar. He first joked with Yan Lie.

If Zhu Lang had not come just now, Yan Lie would definitely have scoffed at Xu Tui. He could come up with an invention after tinkering on the battlefield for a few hours. Did he really think that scientific research was child’s play? Wouldn’t the researchers of the various genetic research institutes who conducted experiments all day long be looking for a piece of tofu to commit suicide?

However, Zhu Lang, the strategic coordinator of Phobos’ Combat Command, had arrived just now. His expression was quite serious. Moreover, Zhu Lang had actively released his mind power domain to block out the sound. Yan Lie did not hear anything. However, that expression was not fake.

Therefore, Yan Lie was very puzzled when Xu Tui said that. “Really?”

“Absolutely!”

“What invention?”

“It’s about the invention of genetic newcomers directly absorbing energy to cultivate.” In any case, it was about to be reported to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. Yan Lie would definitely understand. There was no need to hide it.

“Dream on!” As soon as he said that, Yan Lie revealed a look of disdain. “You’re bragging to fool me. Can you choose a more realistic invention? Humans directly absorb energy. Thousands of researchers had done countless researches but had not produced any results. Yet, you discovered it now. This probability was even lower than winning the lottery. Tell me, what little invention did you come up with?”

Yan Lie believed that Xu Tui might have come up with a little invention. However, he would never believe that Xu Tui had invented a way for genetic newcomers to directly absorb energy.

“It’s true!”

“Tch!”

“Damn, don’t doubt me. I’m about to report to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. Also, this useless mind power Origin Crystal is for you. I reckon that in the next two to three years, this will become the most sought-after resource in the entire extra-terrestrial. It’s the kind that money can’t buy,” Xu Tui said.

Yan Lie glanced at the useless Origin Crystal in his hand, then glanced at Xu Tui with a look of disdain. “Xu Tui, if you want to thank me for my vigilance, I’ll be quite happy if you give me one or two grams of Origin Crystals. Wasn’t it a little too much to give me a useless Origin Crystal? You can’t be that petty, right?”@@novelbin@@

“I’m petty?” Xu Tui was so depressed that he was speechless. He retrieved the useless mind power Origin Crystal and said, “You said it yourself. You got an additional four grams when we split the Origin Crystals. Don’t regret not getting this piece of useless Origin Crystal.”

“You gave me four grams more? So generous?” Yan Lie was a little stunned. He was a little confused by Xu Tui’s actions.

At this moment, the sky aircraft finally sent a communication request. Zhu Lang had specially instructed him to contact the people from the Huaxia Sector’s Mars base.

Although the Huaya Sector’s Mars base was led by the Huaxia Sector, its internal personnel included people from the Yamato Sector, the Korean Star Sector, and the Sing-Malaysia Sector. Although the people from these sectors were also in the Huaya Sector, they had never been on good terms with the Huaxia Sector.

Xu Tui roughly understood what Zhu Lang meant. This useless mind power Origin Crystal would immediately become extremely popular. He wanted Xu Tui to use this seemingly normal method to create a time difference so that the Huaxia Sector could obtain more benefits.

Therefore, Xu Tui did not contact the Mars base of the Huaya Sector directly. He first contacted Feng Xuanbiao, the commander of the second regiment of the Tiger Regiment, the Huaxia Sector’s third division that he had known previously. Then, he asked Feng Xuanbiao to contact him through an encrypted channel. He had something important to report.

“I am Feng Xuanbiao. This is an encrypted channel exclusive to the Huaxia Sector. You can say the important things now.”

“Commander Feng, I’ve sent you a video. Watch it quickly.”

“Okay! Three minutes later, even Yan Lie could hear Feng Xuanbiao’s breathing become rapid. “You invented it?”

“Yes!”

“Is there a replica?”

“Yes!”

“How specific is it?”

“There are three special conditions that I have concluded so far. The most important first is the useless mind power Origin Crystal. It has to be a transparent kind of useless mind power Origin Crystal. Other than that, no matter if it’s natural or extracted after death, it won’t work.”

“Continue!”

“Secondly, using a useless mind power Origin Crystal as a transit device to absorb energy, you have to have a certain concentration of energy. I tried it just now. The effect was already very weak when I absorbed the energy in the 50th circle. Due to time constraints, I could not do too many experiments.

“When I absorbed it in the 43rd circle, I absorbed it for about 40 to 50 minutes. It’s equivalent to absorbing the amount of energy contained in one gram of Origin Crystal.”

“Continue!”

“Thirdly, you have to first use your own strength, energy field, or mind power to form an internal vortex force field at the contact point of the useless mind power Origin Crystal. Only then can you absorb the concentrated energy into your body through the useless mind power Origin Crystal.”

By the side, Yan Lie was already stunned. It was actually true! No matter how bold Xu Tui was, he did not dare to joke with the military. If what Xu Tui said was true, then the value of that useless mind power Origin Crystal…

At this moment, Yan Lie had the urge to slap himself.

After being silent for about 30 seconds, Feng Xianbiao suddenly said, “Xu Tui, this research invention is too important. I can’t deal with it or judge it. I will immediately transfer it to Cai Shaochu, the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, and Lieutenant General Wei Bin, the person-in-charge of the Huaxia Sector. They will have a direct conversation with you.”