Chapter 503 - Strategic Invention And Big Shot (1)

Chapter 503: Strategic Invention and Big Shot (1)

So far, Xu Tui has not used any mind power Origin Crystals. However, he knew the value and use of mind power Origin Crystals very well.

Mind power Origin Crystals had two uses. The first was to be used as ordinary Origin Crystals. He could absorb the energy inside to cultivate or recover from injuries. However, under normal circumstances, no one would waste it like that.@@novelbin@@

The most valuable function of a transparent mind power Origin Crystal was to directly recover mind power. If Xu Tui exhausted his mind power and faced an extremely dangerous situation, he could directly absorb the mind power Origin Crystal to recover his mind power. This kind of recovery was instant replenishment. He could also use it to treat a portion of his mental injuries.

It could be said that mind power Origin Crystals were too important to Mystery Branch genetic newcomers. They could be said to be the most important strategic resource.

Of course, there was a problem with instant replenishment.

All the mind power Origin Crystals still had the mind power of the original owner. Absorbing them directly could recover mind power, but the remnant mind power of the original owner would affect the absorber’s mind to a certain extent.

It would temporarily impact the mind of the absorber. If it was more serious, this impact would shake the mind of the absorber and even cause hallucinations and confusion. The duration of it would depend on the strength of the original owner’s mind power and the strength of the absorber’s mind power.

It did not matter during normal times, but during wartime, it was very fatal. However, humans were very smart in this aspect. An Xiaoxue knew that Xu Tui had obtained two transparent mind power Origin Crystals from Shamera. She asked Xu Tui to pre-process the two mind power Origin Crystals. He would first absorb a small amount of the energy in the mind power Origin Crystal and trigger the remnant mind power inside to eliminate the hidden danger.

Although he would lose 10 to 20% of its energy if he did that, there were no hidden dangers. When the time came to recover his mind power, he could use this thing to instantly replenish his mind power.

To the Mystery Branch genetic newcomers, having one of these was equivalent to having half a life. Therefore, Xu Tui did not dare to use the two mind power Origin Crystals he had obtained from Shamera. It was to prepare for emergencies and use it to instantly replenish his mind power.

So, Xu Tui actually had two mind power Origin Crystals in his hands. However, he was a little hesitant. Should he experiment with these two mind power Origin Crystals? This thing was actually quite precious. The official price was that one gram of mind power Origin Crystal could be exchanged for two grams of other Origin Crystals. But that was only the official price.

Based on Xu Tui’s experience, such a rare item that could be used in emergencies would only fetch a higher price on the civilian market. It might be three or even four times.

Xu Tui was a little hesitant about using it as an experiment. It would be fine if there was a result. Everything would come back. If this still did not work, he would suffer a huge loss!

“You can’t catch a wolf if you can’t bear to part with the child. Keep one and try one.” Xu Tui made a decision.

“Yan Lie, stay alert for a while longer. I have an idea that I want to try,” Xu Tui said.

“Alright.” Yan Lie agreed readily and did not say anything else.

This made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. It was a little heartwarming. Under normal circumstances, he and Yan Lie would have started the second wave of attacks. However, Yan Lie had been on guard for almost three hours without any complaints.

This teammate was really not bad.

In the next moment, Xu Tui took out the transparent mind power Origin Crystal that he had obtained from Shamera. Both of them were very small, less than a gram.

Xu Tui suspected that Shamera was also a petty person. Back then, he had pretended to be generous and allowed him to choose any Origin Crystal he wanted. However, none of the Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had chosen were more than a gram.

At this moment, Xu Tui cursed in his heart.

Then, he took out a relatively small mind power Origin Crystal and began to absorb it again.

Xu Tui had been experimenting for more than an hour. He had also consumed a little of his mind power. He felt his head swell after he began to absorb it for only a second. His mind power was full.

Helpless, Xu Tui directed the remaining energy to the eighth genetic base point of the mental whip through the Mind Concentration Technique. He began to strengthen the eighth genetic base point of the mental whip.

Previously, he had used the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir on the mental whip. There were a total of nine genetic base points in the mental whip. Seven of them had been strengthened to Level 2 silver. He was still short of two genetic base points before all the genetic base points on the genetic ability chain of the mental whip would be strengthened to Level 2 silver.

Xu Tui predicted that his mental whip would increase to a large extent when it happens.

Previously, he did not have the time. Now, he happened to have to use a mind power Origin Crystal to strengthen genetic base points related to mind power. The effect was the best. As soon as the absorption began, the seventh genetic base point of the mental whip began to expand rapidly.

Yan Lie, who was standing alert not far from Xu Tui, could vaguely sense the energy fluctuations coming from Xu Tui’s body. He was a little sweaty. Why did he start cultivating again?

To be honest, this was the first time Yan Lie had seen such a bold person cultivating in this combat circle. It would be quite troublesome if a few people attacked at the same time. Fortunately, there was energy everywhere in the battle circle. The energy aura was extremely chaotic. If he was a little further away, he would not be able to sense the energy fluctuations on Xu Tui’s body. He could not tell that Xu Tui was cultivating. Coupled with the previous deterrence, it was not too dangerous.