Chapter 504 - Strategic Invention And Big Shot (2)

Chapter 504: Strategic Invention and Big Shot (2)

However, Yan Lie did not dare to be careless at all. He activated his energy field perception and was on high alert. He did not expect to kill the enemy immediately if there was any movement. However, he had to warn Xu Tui immediately.

Time passed quickly. Twenty minutes passed in the blink of an eye. The transparent mind power Origin Crystal in Xu Tui’s hand had become purely transparent.

Previously, it was said to be transparent, but it was actually a little milky-colored. Now, after Xu Tui absorbed the energy inside, it was so transparent that it was almost like glass.

Under the illusory introspection, the eighth genetic base point of the mental whip genetic ability chain had been successfully strengthened to Level 2 silver.

What was certain was that Xu Tui’s two abilities of the mental whip, the mental hammer and the mental vibrating whip, had definitely increased in power. Even his mind power had increased by a small amount.

However, Xu Tui did not have the time to delve into these details.

Xu Tui, who had exited his meditation, immediately threw the useless mind power Origin Crystal that was only the size of a fingernail to the ground in front of him. On the ground in front of him, there was natural energy falling from the sky. Then, he activated his mental perception and began to carefully observe its changes.

A second later, Xu Tui’s heart suddenly twitched. It started to replenish! The energy began to replenish the depleted mind power Origin Crystal. However, it was a little slow.

After experimenting so many times, he was finally right this time! If he wanted to replenish the energy of a useless Origin Crystal within a certain concentration, it had to be the mind power Origin Crystal of the condensed Origin Crystal.

Currently, this was the only one in Xu Tui’s experiment.

Xu Tui instantly thought of many things. He had discovered this very coincidentally. He scattered the useless Origin Crystal Powder and used Butterfly Flight. He did not expect to find that the useless Origin Crystal Powder was filled with Origin Energy here.

After layers of experimentation, he finally discovered that the mind power Origin Crystal could be replenished here. However, the problem was that the official price of mind power Origin Crystals in the various extraterrestrial bases was very high. It was priceless in the civilian market too.

Other than the life-saving effect of the mind power Origin Crystal, was it possible that someone had already discovered the way to replenish the mind power Origin Crystal but had not announced it?

Xu Tui subconsciously stared in Zhu Lang’s direction.

Was that possible? There should be, but the possibility was not high. It was even very small!

After all, mind power Origin Crystals were very rare and precious. Currently, most of the people in the energy overflow combat circle probably did not have the possibility of having mind power Origin Crystals.

Even if there were, it would only be used by top Mystery Branch geniuses like the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, to recover their mind power at critical moments. He usually would not use it. He could not bear to waste it!

Xu Tui’s mental perception sensed carefully for ten minutes before he came up with a rough figure.

There was no need for any external interference. Under the energy concentration of the 43rd circle, this piece of mind power Origin Crystal that was less than a gram would be replenished in about two hours.

What if it was in the inner circle? What about the 10th, 20th or 30th circles where concentration is high? It might fill this thing up in less than half an hour. It would take 20 minutes to absorb all of its energy. Moreover, according to the results of the previous experiments, the Spiritual Magnetic Marker could also speed up the replenishment.

Xu Tui immediately carried out a practical experiment. After planting the Spiritual Magnetic Marker, the replenishment speed of this useless mind power Origin Crystal doubled. It would be full in an hour in the 43rd circle.

He tested it a few more times. Actually, he did not need the Spiritual Magnetic Marker. He only needed a little mind power as a catalyst to speed up the replenishment.

Xu Tui could not help but smack his lips when he sensed the useless mind power Origin Crystal that was rapidly replenishing in front of him. He felt like he was going to become rich!@@novelbin@@

This mind power Origin Crystal was like a battery. He could continuously let it replenish its energy before absorbing it for cultivation. Absorbing it once was equivalent to using a gram of Origin Crystals to cultivate.

Using Origin Crystals to cultivate was definitely an extremely extravagant action. Most of the people here brought back their Origin Crystals to exchange for cultivation resources in the Moon base or the various sectors. That would be more cost-effective.

Xu Tui had two mind power Origin Crystals. If he used all of them, he might only need half an hour to replenish its energy after he makes his way to the 20th or 30th circles.

Xu Tui could continue the cycle of replenishing and absorbing one piece. According to his cultivation speed, he could strengthen two genetic base points to Level 2 silver in an hour. As long as he had a few days, Xu Tui was confident that he could push all the genetic base points he had activated to Level 2 silver. It was even possible for him to obtain a few Level 3 Genetic Base Points.

Xu Tui’s heart could not help but beat faster when he thought of this. In that case, his strength would definitely increase drastically! The almost infinite energy, the illusory introspection, and the Mind Concentration Technique allowed Xu Tui’s cultivation in just a few days to be comparable to the hard work of other genetic newcomers for years or even decades.

This was not a fantasy! It was very practical. After all, most of the time, they were in a standoff in the combat circle. Especially the stronger one was, the more no one dared to provoke them.

It was completely possible for Xu Tui to kill another round and then stay in a certain area to train and improve himself. The only problem was that someone had to be on guard for him.