Chapter 506 - Zhu Lang’S Intention (1)

Chapter 506: Zhu Lang’s Intention (1)

Zhu Lang, as the strategic coordinator of Phobos’ Combat Command, knew the value of communication through consciousness too well. It could be said that many Genetic Transmutation Realm experts wanted to learn and have it, but they could not.

This ability to communicate directly on the level of consciousness was too useful in actual combat and on the battlefield. Sometimes, it even had the effect of turning the situation around. Usually, people who had this kind of mental communication ability were all big shots. They were the true experts.

The reason why he said that was because spiritual resonance was only the foundation of this ability. Other than that, it also required a certain level of mind power and mental perception. It was said that it also required a little spiritual radiation.

It was also at this moment that Zhu Lang suddenly understood why Xu Tui’s battle with Yan Lie had been so smooth and awesome. Every time, they would have divine cooperation.

Xu Tui had this kind of consciousness communication ability. As long as his teammates were not too reckless, they could basically cooperate.

Then, why did Xu Tui suddenly call him? Zhu Lang subconsciously wanted to ask Xu Tui directly on the level of consciousness communication, What’s the matter?

In the next moment, Zhu Lang’s face turned red. He felt a little uncomfortable! He only thought that communication on the consciousness level would be very convenient. But he had forgotten that he did not know how to do it. He could not send Xu Tui a message.

In the 43rd circle, Xu Tui was stunned. He sensed that there was a slight fluctuation in Commander Zhu’s mind power. He seemed to be trying to express something. However, it was suddenly chaotic. He could not understand it at all.

Under Xu Tui’s surprised gaze, Zhu Lang gave a few instructions. He passed through one human team after another and slowly arrived near Xu Tui.

Zhu Lang’s mission as a strategic coordinator was like this. Not many people paid attention to it.

“Why are you looking for me?”

“Commander Zhu, it’s like this. I discovered or invented a method,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Hearing this, a relaxed smile appeared on Zhu Lang’s face. This genius was a genius. The number one prodigy of this year could actually discover or invent something while he was resting in the energy overflow circle. It looked like he was paying attention to everything.

“It’s a good thing that you discovered something or invented something. When the actual combat on Mars is over, report it to the Genetic Research Institute and get them to verify it for you. They will reward you according to its value. If the value was high enough, you would be rewarded with a lot of contribution points. However, it was best not to tell anyone else before you reported it to the Genetic Research Institute. You don’t want someone to report it first and obtain the reward.” Zhu Lang kindly reminded him with a smile.

Xu Tui was stunned. He suddenly did not know what to say. What Commander Zhu said made sense. It was a normal reminder. However, the sooner Xu Tui announced his discovery, the sooner the humans would benefit. If he had announced it earlier and everyone had done it together, Xu Tui would not have become the target of everyone.

Of course, the rewards for this invention would not be little.

“No, Commander Zhu, my invention is very important. I want to report it now,” Xu Tui said.

“Xu Tui, this is wartime! All matters unrelated to battle have to make way! The value of your invention might be very important, but you should report it after the battle.”

“No…” Xu Tui felt that he could not explain himself clearly. “How about this, Commander Zhu? I’ll show you.”

“No! Don’t show your invention to anyone else before it is reported to the Genetic Research Institute.” Zhu Lang quickly stopped him.

Xu Tui, who was very unhappy, lost his temper. Why was it so troublesome to contribute?

“Commander Zhu, cut the crap. Take a look before you speak. I’m not afraid!” Xu Tui shouted at Zhu Lang.

Zhu Lang froze.

It was a little… shocking! The number one prodigy of this year had a high tail. He actually dared to shout at him! Although he, Zhu Lang, was only the strategic coordinator of Phobos’ Combat Command, his actual rank was still very high. He was one step away from being a Blue Star Major General. There were not many people in the entire Phobos Combat Command who dared to shout at him.

Of course, there was the pride of a genius. How could he be called a genius if he was not proud? However, he still had to teach him a lesson.

Just as Zhu Lang was about to reprimand Xu Tui, he suddenly froze. He saw a light blue stream of air suddenly appear between Xu Tui’s chest and abdomen. That was an energy flow that shocked Zhu Lang.

In the next moment, Zhu Lang took a deep breath.

Upon closer inspection, Zhu Lang realized that the extremely faint blue energy flow that had gathered was continuously gathering and flowing into Xu Tui’s body. He’s absorbing Origin Energy!@@novelbin@@

Genetic newcomers could directly absorb energy! Zhu Lang instantly thought of this possibility. Then, Zhu Lang was shocked by this possibility. If this was really an invention, it would definitely be a super strategic invention! If this invention came true, as long as it continued for a few years, humanity’s advantage on the Mars battlefield would continue to expand.

Humans could even send more elite students in, allowing them to grow quickly with the help of the energy gushing through the Mars Energy Overflow Tunnel. Not to mention anything else, the five solidified Energy Overflow Tunnels in the five Mars bases were also in a state of overflow during the Mars energy tide.