Chapter 508 - Zhu Lang’S Intention (3)

Chapter 508: Zhu Lang’s Intention (3)

Instead, it will increased exponentially!

Zhu Lang suddenly realized something.

“Commander Zhu, is that enough? By the way, this useless mind power Origin Crystal belongs to me, right?” Xu Tui said with a smile.

Xu Tui planned to fight for this useless mind power Origin Crystal for Yan Lie.

“It’s done.” Zhu Lang nodded in a daze. He suddenly shook his head. “No, it’s not enough.”

“What do you mean?” Xu Tui’s expression became strange. What was he playing at?

“This matter is of utmost importance. I need to personally replicate it before I can report it to Phobos’ Combat Command and the Moon base,” Zhu Lang said.

“Then you can replicate it now! By the way, do you still have any mind power Origin Crystals?” Xu Tui asked.

“Yes, there is.” Zhu Lang looked at Xu Tui. He wanted to say something, but he could not.

“Then go and replicate it now.” As Xu Tui spoke, he thought for a moment and said to Zhu Lang, “By the way, Commander Zhu, why don’t I replicate it once or twice while you replicate it? I’ll get Yan Lie to try replicating it again.

“It’s just that we don’t have any more mind power Origin Crystals here. Why don’t you give us a few?” Xu Tui asked.

To Xu Tui’s surprise, Zhu Lang nodded solemnly. “Replication is very important. I want it to happen again. You and Yan Lie, each of you, do it again. Then I’ll give each of you another mind power Origin Crystal.”

As he spoke, Zhu Lang took out two mind power Origin Crystals that weighed one gram each and handed them to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was still a little confused when he received the Origin Crystal. F*ck, he was so generous? He was too generous!

Xu Tui was just casually saying that to see if he could get another mind power Origin Crystal from Zhu Lang. After all, as the inventor, Xu Tui knew very well that from today onwards, the price of mind power Origin Crystals would probably increase exponentially. It was the same for useless Origin Crystals.

For a long time to come, mind power Origin Crystals would become extremely valuable. Not to mention exchanging one gram for two grams, he could even exchange one gram of mind power Origin Crystal for four grams of ordinary Origin Crystals!

But why was Zhu Lang so generous?

In the next moment, Zhu Lang turned off the recording and gestured for Xu Tui to turn off the recording too. Xu Tui quickly turned off the recording. Zhu Lang looked at Xu Tui and hesitated again.

“Commander Zhu, what are you doing?”

“Xu Tui, I think that I might need some time to replicate this process. It will probably take at least half an hour. However, all kinds of accidents might happen during this half an hour. If both of us are accidentally killed, won’t the results be buried?” Zhu Lang said.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui was shocked when he heard that. At the same time, his expression became even stranger. “Commander Zhu, what do you mean?”

“Xu Tui, I remember that you have a sky aircraft, right?”

“Yes!”

“Then in order to prevent any accidents and to prevent an extreme accident from causing this major invention to be buried, I suggest that you and Yan Lie leave this place immediately and report this discovery to the Mars base in the Huaya Sector. It could be considered a backup. Half an hour later, after I complete the replication, I’ll report it to Phobos’ Combat Command,” Zhu Lang said.

“I see. We can do that, but our positions,” Xu Tui said.

“I’ll watch it for you! Besides, there shouldn’t be any problems for you to kill your way in, right?” Zhu Lang said.

“Alright.” Xu Tui nodded and informed Yan Lie. He prepared to leave with Yan Lie.

“Xu Tui, remember, after you contact the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, if the person you are interacting with is not from the Huaxia Sector, change to another person. It’s best to contact them through an encrypted channel.” Before Xu Tui and Yan Lie left, Zhu Lang could not help but instruct them again.

“Yes, I remember!”

Zhu Lang’s expression froze as he looked in the direction where Xu Tui and Yan Lie had left. It should be enough to buy half an hour for the Huaxia Sector, right?

Xu Tui suddenly understood when he heard Zhu Lang’s last sentence. He understood Zhu Lang’s thoughts and intentions! He could not help but curse inwardly. This Old Zhu was full of twists and turns! If you have this thought, just say it.

He, Xu Tui, would definitely raise his hands and feet in agreement. The Huaxia Sector was Xu Tui’s true root. Not only did he not say anything for a long time, but he also played a riddle with him! He had underestimated Xu Tui’s patriotism. He had to hammer him if he had the chance!