Chapter 501 - Recharge Or Not (3)

Chapter 501: Recharge or Not (3)

Xu Tui was prepared to choose a few spots and build a new mental magnetic pillar so that he could use Butterfly Flight to save his life at the critical moment.

However, when Xu Tui’s mind power carefully touched the Origin Crystal powder that he had scattered previously and was about to plant the mental magnetic pillar again, his expression suddenly became extremely shocked.

His eyes were first filled with astonishment, then shock, then surprise.@@novelbin@@

It was full! The Origin Crystal powder that Xu Tui had scattered in order to use Butterfly Flight was filled with Origin Energy. The useless powder that was originally made out of useless Origin Crystals was now filled with Origin Crystal energy again.

Xu Tui was pleasantly surprised. He activated his mental perception and quickly looked at the Origin Crystal powder one after another.

Xu Tui had scattered a lot of Origin Crystal powder when he first arrived. In any case, this thing basically did not cost money. Origin Crystals that were depleted of all the energy were very worthless to begin with. However, there was a large amount of them when they were ground into powder. It would not consume much even if he threw a handful of them.

Three minutes later, Xu Tui’s expression became very strange and exciting.

Previously, Xu Tui had scattered a total of 54 Origin Crystal powder. Of course, the reason why there were so many of them was that they were really worthless. They were also very small. When Xu Tui sprinkled them, he could accidentally sprinkle three to four or even five to six at once. That was why there were so many of them.

However, now, the Origin Crystal Powder that was depleted was all full! They were all filled with energy!

This discovery instantly made Xu Tui think of a possibility. The useless Origin Crystal that had depleted its energy could once again store Origin Energy. If that was the case, could the humans here directly absorb the energy in the Origin Crystals they obtained and then throw the depleted Origin Crystals to the ground? In a few hours, they would be filled with Origin Energy again.

Then, they would absorb it again!

If that was the case, a person who only had three to five Origin Crystals in their hands could continuously absorb and charge them as if they were charging a battery. They could continuously increase their strength.

A huge surprise appeared in Xu Tui’s heart when he thought of this.

“Give me a few Origin Crystals. Earth-element, water-element, and pure energy without any attributes. Give me one or two,” Xu Tui said to Yan Lie.

Yan Lie was a little puzzled, but he immediately took out the few Origin Crystals that Xu Tui had requested and handed them to Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He began to absorb the energy on the spot. The energy in the earth-element Origin Crystal was directly channeled into his Mountain Formula and Stab Formula genetic ability chains. The water-element Origin Crystal energy was channeled into the water puppet genetic ability chain. The attributeless pure energy Origin Crystals guided it to some other genetic ability chains.

In any case, he absorbed everything.

The absorption speed was very fast. Twenty minutes later, Xu Tui finished absorbing the energy of the three Origin Crystals one by one and obtained three small and depleted Origin Crystals.

For some reason, the depleted Origin Crystal that he obtained from the tunnel after absorbing the energy was very small. It was only one-tenth the size of the original Origin Crystal. After the attributeless pure energy Origin Crystal absorbed the energy, the depleted Origin Crystal was like a grain of sand. However, it was still a useless Origin Crystal. A useless Origin Crystal that could absorb energy.

However, the moment Xu Tui sensed it with his mind power, he was stunned again.

No reaction!

Fourteen minutes had passed since the first useless Origin Crystal was thrown back to the ground. But at this moment, it was still empty. There were no signs of the energy being replenished here.

Xu Tui was stunned. How could this be? Why wasn’t the useless Origin Crystals being replenished? Did he not have enough time?

Xu Tui waited patiently. Fifteen minutes later, there was no reaction from the three depleted Origin Crystals. Half an hour later, there was still no reaction. There was no trace of energy to replenish these blank Origin Crystals!

Xu Tui was stunned again.

He frowned. How could this be? They were both depleted Origin Crystals. Why could one be replenished with Origin Energy and the other not?