Chapter 517 - 517 Joint Action Battle

517 Joint Action Battle

After a few hours, the elites of the 42nd circle of alien invasion had also changed a few times. The entire energy overflow combat circle was constantly changing. Some people were rushing inward. Whether it was the human team or the alien invasion elites, they were all trying to obtain better benefits.

There were also people who left the venue with injuries.

However, the elite alien invaders in the 42nd circle, which bordered the 43rd circle where Xu Tui and Yan Lie were, maintained a high level of vigilance against Xu Tui and Yan Lie even if they were newbies.

The alien invasion elites in the vicinity were all paying attention to Xu Tui’s situation. They were not stupid. They had learned their lesson from their seniors. It was difficult for them not to pay attention to Xu Tui.

The entire energy overflow combat circle was in an integrated state. Although it did not reach the state where a battle could affect the whole situation, once a battle broke out in an area, the state of the surrounding area would be affected. It would even fluctuate in all directions.

Xu Tui’s mental perception could sense the gazes and mind power of the nearby alien invasion elites that were paying attention to his movements from time to time. He could roughly predict that once they charged forward, the first wave of attacks would be very powerful. The dozens of alien invasion elites around the 43rd, 42nd, 41st, and 40th circles might join forces to snipe them.

Could they win?

Xu Tui did not have much confidence in this. It would depend on how many people the surrounding human teams could restrain for him. He was confident that he could snipe the elite alien invaders if there were less than ten of them. But if there were more than ten of them, they would inevitably be injured or even severely injured.

It did not matter if they were slightly injured. If they were seriously injured, Xu Tui and Yan Lie might have to temporarily withdraw from the energy overflow combat circle. It was not good to be reckless.

If he wanted to play, he had to play big.

Under normal circumstances, the cooperation of the nearby teams depended on everyone’s on-the-spot observation. They were very subjective. But no matter what, the cooperation would have some delay. It was very difficult for them to cooperate brilliantly.

As for contacting them in advance?

In this combat circle, communication was basically based on shouting. The alien invasion elites on the other side were not fools.

However, it was different on Xu Tui’s side.

Xu Tui had many basic abilities, including spiritual resonance. He could directly communicate with his mind. Although it was one-sided, it was enough.

“Hello, I’m Xu Tui. I’m prepared to charge forward once. Do you want to act together? The spoils of war and contribution points will belong to whoever kills them?” Xu Tui first contacted a human team in the 44th circle behind him.

The sudden voice made the captain of the human team look very shocked. Xu Tui was actually such a big shot to be able to communicate with his mind?

“Think about it. The moment I charge forward, the alien invaders nearby might join forces to pincer me. I’ll only deal with one wave of them and stop them. That’s to attract their attention. Whether you can obtain any results will depend on your own strength. If you don’t agree, stay where you are. If you agree and are willing to cooperate, take a step to the left,” Xu Tui said.

The captain of the human team only thought about it for ten seconds before he took a step to the left. He agreed!

Riches came from danger. Since someone had attracted the enemy’s attention, what would they do if they still did not dare to attack?

“I still need to contact the others. In 15 minutes, enter battle mode. Just be prepared to attack at any time.” Xu Tui sent a message with his consciousness again.

As the captain nodded, he began to plan their strategy. If Xu Tui and Yan Lie charged forward, would their team take the opportunity to enter a few circles and obtain more spoils of war?

Next, Xu Tui contacted the captains of the human teams in the 44th and 42nd circles respectively. No one rejected him. Since someone could attract the enemy’s attention or even their firepower, and create an opportunity for them to obtain contribution points and benefits, why not?

The team at the border of the 41st circle could be considered acquaintances. It was the Silver Leopard team from before.

“Captain Silver Leopard, I am Xu Tui. I will be charging forward. The alien invaders opposite you might join forces to snipe me. When the time comes, please get help to restrain them for a while.”

The captain of the Silver Leopard team was also very surprised when he received Xu Tui’s mental communication. Xu Tui could communicate with his mind. This could explain his many strange battle results.

After some thought, the Silver Leopard captain did not refuse and agreed. In this battle ring, it was the most basic thing for human teams to help each other.

“Captain Silver Leopard, I might take the opportunity to charge to the enemy in the 41st circle. Prepare for battle and act according to the situation.

“Also, I might charge toward the 40th circle. You guys can decide how to act,” Xu Tui said.

The captain of the Silver Leopard Battle Team was slightly stunned and felt a little ashamed. He had initially thought that Xu Tui was here to ask for his help. However, he did not expect Xu Tui to inform him and cooperate with him.

Then, Xu Tui continued to contact the captain of the human team in the 39th and 38th circles.

Xu Tui did not contact anyone after that. He would be embarrassing himself if he continued to contact them.

You’re still in the 43rd circle, yet you want to join forces with the experts in the 34th circle. You can’t brag like that.

Therefore, Xu Tui was very tactful with the human teams in the 36th and 35th circles. He only asked them to guard their front and back. If anything happened, they would immediately restrain the enemies to prevent Xu Tui from being targeted by the supernatural beings among the alien invasion elites.

Among the elites of the alien invasion, the status of the Mystery Branch was slightly higher than the human race.

Xu Tui had to be wary of this.

The communication through consciousness was very fast. Xu Tui contacted everyone he could in less than 15 minutes. At the same time, he also asked Zhu Lang to arrange for some of the new teams to be nearby and replace their positions at any time.

They had to defend the combat area!

At the same time, Genetic Evolution Realm experts from the various sectors kept coming and going in the outer circle. Accompanied by cries of surprise, the aura of the entire energy overflow combat circle became strange.

At this moment, the sky was gradually turning dark. Everyone present, be it the human teams or the elites of the alien invasion, became very careful.

The obstruction of vision and the chaos of the energy aura caused the range and accuracy of their perception and mental perception to be greatly reduced. Therefore, the night was very dangerous.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s gaze shifted. The four flying swords that had been circling above his head let out an ear-piercing whistle.

Everyone was shocked when they heard this sound. This was especially so for the alien elites on Xu Tui’s side. They instantly activated their strongest defense.

Swish!

The sound of a flying sword piercing through someone’s brain rang out on the 44th circle. The main flying sword directly pierced through the energy core of the Fission Race supernatural being in the 44th circle. He did not even have the time to save his life before he fell to the ground.

The alien invasion elites in the 44th circle were shocked. They all focused on Xu Tui. The alien invasion elites on the 43rd, 42nd, and 41st circles instantly took action. They wanted to snipe Xu Tui together.

However, the human teams facing them immediately attacked them. Under such circumstances, they could only deal with the attacks in front of them. They did not have the time to snipe Xu Tui and Yan Lie for the time being.

At the same time, the human teams in the 44th and 45th circles also began to join forces. The elite alien invaders in the 44th circle who were attacked had already begun to shout for support. They were surrounded!

Xu Tui’s opponent quickly approached him. He wanted to help his fellow clansmen in the 44th circle.

However, at this moment, Yan Lie disappeared. Xu Tui had already condensed a mental hammer. With a slight flash, he hammered the five alien invasion elites.

Yan Lie’s saber light appeared the moment he hammered down. Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashed past like a gopher. Some of the five alien invasion elites who had been rushed over collapsed on the spot, some spat out blood from their mouths and noses, and some stood rooted to the ground.

Although it was only for a moment, it was enough!

The silver light formed by the main flying sword curved through a line and directly pierced through two heads. The saber light of Yan Lie pierced through the energy cores of two Mechanical Spirit Race members and split an elite of the Fission Race into two. The elite of the Fission Race split another time and fled on the spot.

The alien invasion elites and human teams from all directions were stunned when they saw how relaxed Xu Tui and Yan Lie were.

Were these alien invasion elites that easy to kill? Why did they feel like Xu Tui and Yan Lie were like cutting cabbages?

Take the Silver Leopard Team as an example. They were locked in a stalemate with their opponents in the 41st circle and would not be able to determine a winner in a short period of time.

So why could Xu Tui and Yan Lie kill five people in two seconds?

“Continue!” Yan Lie instantly disappeared after Xu Tui shouted.

Xu Tui used his mind power to pick up the five Origin Crystal bags of the alien invasion elites. The deeper they went, the greater the rewards. They could not lose this reward!

The moment Yan Lie disappeared, the elites of the alien invasion who were fighting the human team in the 42nd circle became extremely nervous. They began to ask for help from behind them. But it was useless for them to call for help as almost all the human teams in the combat circle had taken action. Even if they could send reinforcements, the reinforcements would be extremely limited.

Here, everyone was a team. Everyone understood this principle.

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s mental hammer landed on the head of an elite from the 42nd circle. Yan Lie’s saber flashed. The elite’s head flew up.

Xu Tui hammered twice with his mental hammer, and Yan Lie’s saber light flashed twice. In an instant, the alien elites who were fighting the human teams in the 42nd circle were defeated on the spot.@@novelbin@@

Whoosh!

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s flying sword tore through the air. However, the flying sword appeared in the 41st circle.

Xu Tui destroyed the energy core of an elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race in the 41st circle.

Yan Lie appeared and used Backstab to behead a Dissimilate Clan member who had fallen into a daze. He instantly disappeared again.