Chapter 511 - Chapter 511: Original Price, No Obligation To Explain (1)

Chapter 511: Original Price, No Obligation to Explain (1)

“General Gai, why did your Huaxia Sector exchange mind power Origin Crystals on such a large scale?

“In order to avoid causing unnecessary misunderstandings and panic, can you give us an explanation?”

In the emergency virtual projection meeting, as soon as the deputy director of the American Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, spoke, all the higher-ups of the various sectors participating in the meeting turned their gazes to the person with the highest status in the Huaxia Sector.

The commander of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, Gai Sheng.

Including the Africa Sector and the Russian Federation, they were all waiting for an answer from the Huaxia Sector.

Although it had only been less than half an hour since the Huaxia Sector had urgently exchanged for mind power Origin Crystals, they had taken away 40 to 50% of the mind power Origin Crystals stored in the various bases on the Blue Star.

This was because the higher-ups of the various alliances had a sharp sense of smell and stopped at the last minute. Otherwise, the number of mind power Origin Crystals exchanged by the Huaxia Sector would only increase.

It was not just the officials. In the extra-terrestrial market, experts from the Huaxia Sector were also mobilized to purchase a large number of mind power Origin Crystals. Many of them were the kind that did not bargain and sold at a price. In just half an hour, the price of ordinary Origin Crystals against mind power Origin Crystals in the extraterrestrial market had soared to 4:1.

Four grams of ordinary Origin Crystals could only be exchanged for one gram of mind power Origin Crystal. Moreover, the price was still rising.

The official organizations of the other alliances and the civilian experts of the genetic newcomers also smelled something unusual from these actions in the Huaxia Sector. After an emergency investigation, they did not find anything unusual.

However, based on the principle that they would rather kill the wrong person than let go, the experts among the genetic newcomers who discovered these changes began to purchase mind power Origin Crystals from various markets at a high price.

This kind of action had already begun to affect the price of mind power Origin Crystals on the Blue Star. The price of the few mind power Origin Crystals on the Blue Star also soared. After all, there were not many mind power Origin Crystals. They would not lose out anyway.@@novelbin@@

Under such circumstances, the price of the mind power Origin Crystal had already soared again. Someone put up a high price of five grams of ordinary Origin Crystals for one gram of mind power Origin Crystals.

However, no one sold it! It was priceless!

The extreme abnormal fluctuations in the market made the upper echelons of the various alliances very nervous. As a result, everyone was waiting for an answer from the Huaxia Sector.

Gai Sheng, the commander of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, had a solemn expression. He had discussed this with his people after receiving the request for an emergency virtual projection meeting that was mainly initiated by Maiponeo, Nilab, and the others.

Gai Sheng had come prepared!

“Explanation?” Gai Sheng first shook his head. “Mr. Maiponeo, I can clearly sense the unfriendliness in your tone. After today’s meeting, I will suggest to the Huaxia Genetic Committee that in the upcoming results sharing, there is a need to impose separate restrictions on the unfriendly American Sector.”

Maiponeo’s expression froze slightly when he heard that.

This outcome was not fun. As politicians, including Maiponeo, they immediately heard and imagined a lot of information from the keywords.

Invention! The Huaxia Sector had a major invention!

In the Great Genetic Age, major inventions were extremely important. It could even affect the fate of the country!

Maiponeo immediately went limp.

“General Gai, you must have misunderstood! It’s just an emergency meeting. There’s nothing unfriendly about it. It was only because the price of mind power Origin Crystals had skyrocketed that this meeting was held.” Maiponeo wisely took a step back.

Gai Sheng sneered. In the Moon base, Cai Shaochu, the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, sneered. Maiponeo’s usual style was extremely unyielding. He was a stubborn person. However, once it harmed his personal interests, his mouth would immediately soften. Gai Sheng’s warning would set a limit on the sharing of inventions in the American Sector. It might bring trouble to the American Sector and harm his interests.

After these layers of feedback, it would eventually affect Maiponeo’s political achievements and even his current position. It was also because of this that Maiponeo immediately admitted defeat.

“Everyone, please take a look.”

Gai Sheng projected an image. The image was a little blurry, but one could roughly determine that it was near an Energy Overflow Tunnel. A few people were conducting some experiments. This scene confused the higher-ups of the various sectors.

“There’s a researcher in the Huaxia Sector. After painstaking research, he finally invented a reliable way for humans to directly absorb energy from the energy overflow circle. The Huaxia Sector followed the principle that all humans on the Blue Star were family and perfected this experiment immediately.

“We had undergone a large-scale replication test. Absorbing energy for safety testing. Absorbing energy for radiation testing. Absorbing energy to the upper limit test. Traffic measurement. Energy conversion test. Energy collection quantification test.”

Gai Sheng directly reported a long list of test names. The heads of the various sectors present nodded. This experiment was a regular experiment after the invention. Some inventions had to be completed through these regular experiments before they could be officially announced. Otherwise, who would be responsible if someone died?

“Time is tight. Furthermore, this invention is closely related to the energy overflow circle. The appearance of an energy overflow only appeared during the energy tide on Mars. There was an energy tide once a year. If we missed it, we would probably have to wait until next year to let the humans of the Blue Star obtain a large amount of Origin Energy.”