Chapter 519 - 519 Poisonous Ability (2)

519 Poisonous Ability (2)

Instantiation! Treat him! Extreme speed treatment!

Almost instantly, the wound on the elite’s back healed at a visible speed, but his face caved in at a visible speed.

Of course, that was not the point. Most importantly, the moment Xu Tui treated the elite of the Dissimilate Clan with all his might, the elite of the Dissimilate Clan went crazy. He seemed to have gone crazy on the spot. He let out an extremely ear-piercing scream and fell to the ground, his body twitching uncontrollably. The expression on his face also became extremely strange.

Fear, excitement, shock? Xu Tui could not make it out. However, he could tell that these more human-like Dissimilate species would also suffer huge side effects when they received the instantiation healing ability.

It was enough to confirm this!

Xu Tui needed to slowly confirm the states of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Fission Race, and the alien invasion races that he had not encountered. The moment the elite of the Dissimilate Clan was treated by Xu Tui, the flying sword flashed past.

Headshot!

Yan Lie, who had just been in hiding, was so shocked that he almost fell out of his hiding state when he saw this scene.

The others did not understand. But Yan Lie knew what this move was all too well!

Healing! Xu Tui was using the ability of the School of General Senses to treat this elite. Yan Lie had experienced Xu Tui’s treatment before. He felt that it was a little vicious. However, looking at the outcome of this elite, this instantiation treatment was more than a little vicious.

This treatment was extremely vicious! He lost his life without knowing why! Most importantly, Yan Lie saw that the pants of the elite of the Dissimilate Clan were wet. Did he pee his pants before he died?

Yan Lie felt a chill run down his spine. In the future, he would not get Xu Tui to treat him unless he died. This treatment was f*cking poisonous! The kind that could cause one’s death!

This scene stunned the human teams fighting nearby and the elites of the alien invasion.

What kind of death was this? What kind of superpower? How could he let an elite of the Dissimilate Clan do such a crazy thing before he died? They had never seen such an ability! He could even make that elite pee his pants after killing him?

What was the scariest? The unknown was the scariest! This was especially so for the elite alien invaders nearby. They instantly became fearful, afraid that this mysterious supernatural attack that they did not understand would land on them. They were in chaos due to this fear and the death of the elite of the Dissimilate Clan.

Taking advantage of the chaos, Yan Lie managed to kill two more people with Xu Tui’s cooperation.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie made it to the 30th circle. The situation in the 30th circle made Xu Tui’s eyes light up. Almost everyone was injured! One of the Fission Race elites also had huge wounds on his body.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui activated his mind power. He wanted to see if it would affect the Fission Race. In the next moment, the wound on the body of the Fission elite began to heal rapidly. However, the moment it healed, he let out a terrified and trembling scream. Especially when the Fission elite seemed to be a woman. That voice was extremely ear-piercing!

The flying sword easily pierced through her energy core. Under her uncontrollable trembling, she did not even have the time to use Fission to save her life.

Then, Xu Tui used extreme instantiation treatment. He secretly used his consciousness to communicate with Yan Lie to get him to attack.

Yan Lie was a little shocked! This was the first time he had seen such a vicious treatment.

Xu Tui was elated. This extreme instantiation treatment saved him a lot of trouble. The effect of treating the target with extreme instantiation was not inferior to a mental hammer. Most importantly, this thing consumed very little mind power! He did not even use 1% of his mind power after three to five consecutive attacks. It was easy to use!

Xu Tui and Yan Lie relied on the vicious healing and mental hammers to fight their way into the 25th circle.

Along the way, Xu Tui had already realized that his extreme instantiation treatment was effective against the Fission Race and the Dissimilate Clan, but it was useless against the Mechanical Spirit Race.

It was not just the extreme instantiation treatment. Even the effects of the mental hammer on the elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race had been weakened. This might be related to the special structure of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

Yan Lie gave Xu Tui a warning when they reached the 24th circle. “Be careful. There are already Genetic Evolution Realm experts from this circle!”

The situation in the 24th circle was different. The difference between elites at the Genetic Mutation Realm was not too great. A Level C genetic mutant had the ability to fight a Level A genetic mutant. However, the difference in strength between the Genetic Evolution Realm was huge, even for every small level.

Previously, the battle situation from the 43rd to the 25th circle was rather stalemate.

The human teams in the target area and the elites of the alien invasion were fighting each other. To a certain extent, Xu Tui and Yan Lie were outsiders who were causing trouble. They suddenly charged in and changed the situation.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie looked a little like reinforcements for a surprise attack. However, the 24th circle was different. The alien invasion elites in the 24th circle had already defeated the human team that was confronting them.

Two of the human teams were seriously injured and had already retreated to defend. If Xu Tui and Yan Lie had not arrived, the human team would have been pursued by this elite team. However, this elite team of alien invaders had defeated the human team. They were not completely unscathed.

Almost everyone was injured! However, at this moment, they were all staring at Xu Tui and Yan Lie with high fighting spirit. Whether it was Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s battle results or their spoils of war, they were looking forward to it and were very excited.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie had obtained too many Origin Crystals and Origin Crystal bags along the way. No matter who killed Yan Lie and Xu Tui, they would be able to make a killing. This was especially so for the leader, who is a Genetic Evolution Realm giant from the Dissimilate Clan. His bull-like eyes were fixed on Xu Tui. They were filled with ferocity.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui gave Yan Lie an order through mental communication. “Attack the giant!”

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s mind power landed on the giant’s body. There was a huge hole in the giant’s chest and abdomen.

Xu Tui was prepared to give him extreme instantiation treatment. Now that he was familiar with it, Xu Tui could instantly find the original quantum frequency of the giant. However, Xu Tui’s mind power was blocked by a thin layer of energy field when he found the moment he was about to undergo extreme treatment. If his mind power could not land on his wound, he would naturally not be able to treat him.

Yan Lie had already hidden himself.

Seeing this, the giant at the Genetic Evolution Realm let out a sinister laugh and took a step forward. The energy field shockwave spread out in a three-dimensional manner. Amidst his cries of surprise, Yan Lie was shaken out of his concealment state.

In an instant, the three companions of the Genetic Evolution Realm alien giant surrounded Yan Lie. The most fatal thing was the five-meter-long saber of the giant!

Yan Lie’s expression changed drastically. His blood and Qi had surged from the impact just now and he could not hide anymore. He could only retreat! However, if he retreated, he would expose Xu Tui to the four enemies in front of him.

Therefore, he could not retreat! He could only take it head-on.

With a light tap of his toes, Yan Lie charged towards the giant. The moment he charged out, Xu Tui’s voice rang out. “Continue!”

The mental hammer that was prepared at the side flashed and hit the head of the giant. The Dissimilate giant let out a dull grunt as his body trembled. Yan Lie tapped his foot lightly and instantly jumped onto the neck of the Dissimilate Giant. He stabbed the short blade fiercely into the eyes of the giant.

However, at this moment, the giant recovered from his mental shock. He suddenly shook his head and threw Yan Lie down.

The long saber slashed horizontally! At the same time, the other three companions of the giant had already arrived 10 meters in front of Xu Tui.

Yan Lie was shocked again. He wanted to return to help.

“Continue, don’t worry about me!” The mental hammer struck down again. This time, Xu Tui’s mental hammer struck the giant twice in a row.

The giant was stunned on the spot. Its body swayed! Yan Lie’s saber light instantly entered his eyes and exploded his brain. Two of the other three alien invasion elites had already attacked Xu Tui. The sound of flying swords piercing through the air rang out. The four main and secondary flying swords formed a sword screen and shot out in front of Xu Tui.

The Vajra Barrier appeared on his body at the same time. He took the attack head-on! In the next moment, three bloody sword lights flashed.

Yan Lie had just appeared in front of Xu Tui.

The 24th circle was conquered!