Chapter 515 - 515 You Lack Common Sense (2)

515 You Lack Common Sense (2)

After all, the experts who could condense mind power Origin Crystals after death were at least at the Genetic Transmutation Realm. There were only about 1,000 Genetic Transmutation Realm experts who had died or been killed in the extra-terrestrial in the past 100 years.

From this, it could be deduced that the total number of mind power Origin Crystals was about 1,500 to 3,000 grams. A considerable portion of this total was still in private hands. The mind power Origin Crystals in the hands of the various alliance organizations were only 1,000 to 2,000 grams.

However, before this, the mind power Origin Crystals that the Huaxia Sector had obtained from various channels exceeded 500 grams. They had obtained another 220 grams from the transactions, in addition to the Huaxia Sector’s own reserves. The mind power Origin Crystals that the Huaxia Sector had taken away were definitely more than half of what the Blue Star currently had.

The results were out. But the item had to be a mind power Origin Crystal. And the problem was that more than half of the mind power Origin Crystals had been taken away by the Huaxia Sector. Even if they obtained the results, they would not be able to let a large number of elites in their sector absorb energy to improve themselves.

You can’t make bricks without straw!

The deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, had an ugly expression. Just now, preliminary information had been tabulated in the American Sector.

210 grams!

Currently, there are only 210 grams of mind power Origin Crystals in the American Sector.

According to the research theories of the Huaxia Sector, a gram of mind power Origin Crystal that was used as a transit device would have the best effect. In that case, putting aside the emergency supply, there could only be about 180 elites who could use the useless mind power Origin Crystals as a transit device to improve themselves.

They could not use them all either.

On the other hand, the number of elites in the Huaxia Sector who could use their mind power Origin Crystals as a transit device to increase their strength this year was definitely three times or more than in the American Sector.

Most importantly, the output was extremely limited.

In the entire intergalactic battlefield, without any major battles, there would not be more than ten Genetic Transmutation Realm experts who died in battle and were killed in a year. Even if all the experts died and returned to the American Sector, they would only receive about 10 to 20 grams a year. They would not be able to catch up to this gap in ten or even twenty years!

From this moment on, mind power Origin Crystals would become the top strategic resources of the various sectors.

When the deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, calculated this score, his face completely darkened!

The results of the invention were real. It was also an epoch-making invention. It was extremely valuable! However, the Huaxia Sector had silently overtaken them.

Maiponeo glanced at the other people-in-charge of the alliance. The other people-in-charge of the alliance also realized this and had ugly expressions.

According to this data, the Huaxia Sector would have hundreds of more powerful elites than them every year. After a few years, then…

Maiponeo glanced at Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee.

“General Gai, mind power Origin Crystals are so important to this invention. Your Huaxia Sector had previously exchanged for a large number of mind power Origin Crystals and used them as trading items. This resulted in a serious shortage of mind power Origin Crystals in the other sectors.@@novelbin@@

“The total amount of mind power Origin Crystals in the Huaxia Sector should exceed the sum of the various sectors, right? Can you let our various sectors use the market price to buy back a portion of the mind power Origin Crystals as a transit device?” In the face of benefits, Nilab no longer cared. He directly acted as a pawn! Besides, the cooperation with the American Sector was still ongoing.

“Mr. Nilab, you might lack common sense,” Gai Sheng responded.

“Common sense?” Nilab was a little stunned. He did not expect Gai Sheng to answer like that. “What common sense?”

“Do you think that experiments and research do not require consumables and costs? The research results are out just by talking?”

Nilab was a little embarrassed by Gai Sheng’s scolding.

The investment in this research was often a bottomless pit. Many times, even if a huge amount of money and resources was invested, there might not be any results. Scientific research was very difficult! Therefore, Gai Sheng’s common sense made Nilab look very embarrassed.

“Our Huaxia Sector has invested a lot in order to complete the entire experiment! I won’t announce the exact amount. However, what I can tell everyone here is that in order to complete the entire experiment, the Huaxia Sector has already consumed more than 400 grams of mind power Origin Crystals! The money we had received from the various sectors was not enough.

“For the benefit of the Blue Star, we announced our research results at such a cheap price. If anyone here is still dissatisfied, Then I can only say that we can have one less friend next time.”

After saying this, Gai Sheng, the commander of the Mars base in the Huaya Sector, left the venue first. The venue was silent for a while. The people in charge of the various sectors also left one after another.

It was indeed an epoch-making invention. Wasn’t it? Wasn’t it true that the various sectors could quickly train a batch of elites in a short period of time?

…

Of course, there was a question that everyone had thought of, but no one asked further. Gai Sheng had not explained this problem either!

Could the mind power waste Origin Crystals consumed during the experiment be reused? It might be able to, or maybe not!

However, who dared to say that there was no cost or loss during research? Anyone who dared to say that would be a fool who lacked common sense!

…

Zhu Lang had a double identity. He was not a spy!

Zhu Lang was the strategic coordinator of Phobos’ Combat Command. At the same time, he was also a major-grade staff officer stationed in the Huaxia Sector. It could be said that to a certain extent, Zhu Lang was one of the representatives of the interests and power struggle in the Huaxia Sector.