Chapter 512 - 512 Original Price, No Obligation To Explain (2)

512 Original Price, No Obligation to Explain (2)

“Therefore, we are collecting mind power Origin Crystals at all costs to speed up the testing. However, we did not expect that some people with ulterior motives would suspect the intentions of the Huaxia Sector. We will have reservations about that. Our Huaxia Sector might adopt some anti-production measures against certain alliances that have ill intentions toward us,” Gai Sheng said.

The person-in-charge of the various sectors was a little confused. This was especially so for the people in charge of the American and India Sectors who had jumped happily at the beginning. Their expressions were a little ugly.

“General Gai, may I ask if this energy experiment that can directly absorb and invent energy is related to mind power Origin Crystals? Do we need to use our mind power?”@@novelbin@@

“General Gai, what exactly is the effect of mind power Origin Crystals in this?”

“General Gai…”

A bunch of questions instantly appeared. Gai Sheng had a faint smile on his face. He did not answer a single question. He waited for everyone to quiet down before he spoke. “Everyone, please wait for the final results of the research to be announced.”

This answer immediately attracted another bunch of questions.

“General Gai Sheng, when will the final research results be announced?”

“How will the research results be announced?”

“If it goes smoothly enough, it might be released in ten to 15 minutes for the benefit of the entire Blue Star.”

Halfway through his sentence, Gai Sheng suddenly received a private communication call. Gai Sheng laughed. “I’m sorry. I’ll take a look at the urgent information regarding the experiment first.”

The message was actually very simple. It was just eight words: Everything went smoothly and went according to plan. However, Gai Sheng smiled after he finished reading. “Everyone, I just received news that the experiment is going smoothly. The results will be out in about 15 minutes. However, there was still a shortage of key mind power Origin Crystals.

“Principal Cai Shaochu, who was in charge of the research, made a last-minute decision after emergency communication with General Wei and the others. The research results would be released in two ways.

“The first method was to purchase them individually from the various sectors. The second method is for the various sectors to purchase it together. Our Huaxia Sector will display the results of this research in all aspects.

“Of course, the method will depend on everyone’s choice.”

“May I ask what the specific price of individual purchases and group purchases is?” Doge Antheus, the deputy director of the European Genetic Committee, asked.

“Before we talk about the price, I’ll introduce the preliminary results to everyone here. It had been verified that this method could allow humans to directly absorb the energy in the energy overflow circle. In the 40th circle, they could absorb origin energy equivalent to one gram of Origin Crystal every 40 minutes.

“In the 30th circle, they could absorb the origin energy contained in one gram of Origin Crystal every 30 minutes. Currently, there are no side effects in the experiment.”

As soon as Gai Sheng finished speaking, the entire venue immediately erupted! Many of the people-in-charge and higher-ups of the alliance stood up.

This is an epoch-making invention! This was definitely an epoch-making invention! If this invention was promoted, it would only take three to five years to greatly change the situation on the Mars battlefield and increase the overall strength of humanity.

Absorbing one gram of Origin Crystal every half an hour was 48 grams a day. Absorbing it for three days was equivalent to absorbing 144 grams of Origin Crystal. There were not many geniuses on the Blue Star who could use 14 grams of Origin Crystals a year to cultivate. Moreover, this was in bulk!

This invention was too important!

“The price! General Gai, please announce the price!”

“In terms of price, our Huaxia Sector is purely pro bono. Everything is for the Blue Star. Therefore, the price was not high. Other than the cost, there was also a reward for the inventor. In the previous experiments, a large number of mind power Origin Crystals had been consumed as experimental consumables. Therefore, the various sectors needed to use mind power Origin Crystals to trade.

“If it was an individual purchase, it would be 50 grams of mind power Origin Crystals and 250 grams of ordinary Origin Crystals. If it was a collective purchase by the various sectors, the Russian Federation, African, and Huaya Sectors would all pay 30 grams of mind power Origin Crystals and 150 grams of ordinary Origin Crystals.

“The American Sector and India Sector would be the original price!” Gai Sheng announced.

The other people in charge of the alliance nodded. This price was not expensive! It was not expensive at all! He was too kind!

Under normal circumstances, no one would find it expensive if it was doubled. He was really kind!

Only the expressions of Maiponeo from the American Sector and Nilab from the India Sector darkened.

“General Gai, can you give me an explanation?” Maiponeo asked with a dark expression.

Hearing this, Gai Sheng spread out his hands. “Look, this is the reason. Maiponeo, you keep asking me to explain this and that to you. I want to tell you clearly that our Huaxia Sector has no obligation to explain to you! This time, the price for the American and India Sectors was the original price. It was just a small warning and reminder. You can choose not to buy it!

“If your American and India Sectors still have doubts, suspicions, and even hostility towards our Huaxia Sector next time, then we might consider setting stricter restrictions on you in the next similar incident. I won’t even share it with you!

“Mr. Maiponeo, Mr. Nilab, please remember that our Huaxia Sector is now contributing to the Blue Star! Not taking from it!”

Gai Sheng’s voice was powerful.

Maiponeo pursed his lips and did not say another word.