Chapter 514 - 514 You Lack Common Sense (1)

514 You Lack Common Sense (1)

The mobility of a modern collective organization was very powerful.

After the transaction was completed, the heads of the various sectors gave the order to hand over the trading materials to the Huaxia Sector. They received confirmation and implementation from the various sectors in the shortest time possible.

There might be some different voices among them.

For example, was it worth it to use such a price to trade for an invention that he was not sure about?

From the introduction of the results, the current price of the Huaxia Sector was more like a ticket price. If there was really such an invention, the Huaxia Sector would fight for it even if it was sold for ten times the current price. Was there a trap?

There were some different voices in the various sectors. However, these different voices were quickly suppressed. For a group of people in the alliance, it was worth it to pay such a price, even if it was just to exchange for a ticket. Moreover, such a price was actually not high. If the increased price of the mind power Origin Crystals was not counted, it could be said to be very small.

The transaction went smoothly. In less than seven minutes, Gai Sheng, who was at the virtual projection meeting venue, received reports from all parties.

He had received trading materials from various sectors. This included the trading materials gathered from the Yamato, Sing-Malaysia, and Korean Star Sectors.

“The transaction went smoothly. I’ll congratulate the various sectors first. In the next few years, the various sectors will really produce experts! Not to mention the Genetic Transmutation Realm, there will definitely be a large number of elites at the peak of the Genetic Mutation Realm and the Genetic Evolution Realm!

“Alright, let’s cut to the chase. I’ll announce the results of this research on the spot. At the same time, more detailed research information is currently being compiled. Later, all parties can download it on the Huaxia Sector’s extraterrestrial super quantum computer, the Great Qin.”

As soon as Gai Sheng finished speaking, a screen of light was projected. There were only three messages on the screen.

Each of them was based on the three key elements that Xu Tui had reported previously. There was slightly more information than that. The people in charge of the various sectors, including some experts and experts who were qualified to attend, instantly looked over. Some of them were stunned. The people in charge directly sent the information to their respective expert groups. The expert groups instantly exploded!

Was it that simple? Was the invention of humans directly absorbing energy that simple? They just needed a transit device? The transit device had to be a useless mind power Origin Crystal. They also needed the guidance of the inner power. They had to be in a place with a certain concentration of energy.

There were only three elements. Wasn’t this too f*cking simple? However, there were immediately experts who objected.

It was different!

Although these three elements were simple, all the information combined was definitely not simple.

First of all, there were very few mind power Origin Crystals. Most of them were in the hands of the various sector organizations and Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. Very few elites at the Genetic Evolution Realm had mind power Origin Crystals. Not to mention elites at the Genetic Mutation Realm.

Under such circumstances, it was even rarer for an elite to appear on the Mars battlefield with a mind power Origin Crystal. Basically, all the elites with mind power Origin Crystals used it as a way to recover their mind power. It was used to instantly replenish his mind power. He did not use it unless it was extremely dangerous.

Of course, it was not impossible!@@novelbin@@

Over the years, there must have been top-notch geniuses who used mind power Origin Crystals to replenish their energy on the Mars battlefield. In other words, a useless mind power Origin Crystal had appeared in the energy overflow circle!

However, just because it appeared did not mean that the function of this transit device would be discovered. This was because useless Origin Crystals were really useless. It was almost synonymous with waste.

After using up the energy inside, it was like a rock. Usually, after using a mind power Origin Crystal to replenish their mind power, there would only be two ways to deal with a useless mind power Origin Crystal.

The first was to throw it away casually. This was the majority of cases. Why would they carry useless trash? As a weight? The second was to throw it into their bags and keep it as a collection.

These were the two situations.

After layers of screening, there would be basically zero people who would throw this trash to the ground and observe it carefully with their mental perception after a period of time. The energy overflow circle during the energy tide was a battlefield! It was the place where the battle on Mars was the most intense.

Most of the elites who could instantly replenish their mind power with mind power Origin Crystals meant that the situation they were facing was extremely tense and dangerous. Who would have the time to pay attention to the changes of a piece of trash for a long time? They really would not!

Under such circumstances, this seemingly simple invention was actually not simple. Just like the invention of the steam engine, steam was no stranger to things that had been boiled. However, not many people could think of using it to make machines. This invention seemed simple, but it was definitely not simple!

Soon, the experts realized another extremely important point from the debate.

Mind power Origin Crystal! Useless mind power Origin Crystal!

In less than a minute, the various sectors realized an extremely important situation. For humans to directly absorb Origin Energy to improve themselves, what they needed were mind power Origin Crystals.

The mind power Origin Crystal instantly became an extremely important top-notch strategic resource. However, before this, not only had the Huaxia Sector obtained nearly 40 to 50% of the mind power Origin Crystal reserves through various channels, they had obtained another 220 grams of mind power Origin Crystals through the transaction.

There was no natural way to produce mind power Origin Crystals. They could only be gathered after the death of powerful experts. Therefore, even though the various sectors had been accumulating strategic resources for so many years, the Blue Star humans did not have much stockpile.