Chapter 518 - 518 Poisonous Ability (1)

518 Poisonous Ability (1)

The entire energy overflow combat circle was suddenly engulfed in flames. The entire combat circle seemed to have entered a battle state at this moment. Even Li Zhouchen, Black Eagle, Bu Luo, Bobran, and the others in the inner circle turned around frequently. However, their most important mission was to restrain their opponents. They all locked their auras on their opponents.

Of course, Zhao Hailong was an exception. He did not care about Bu Luo’s movements at all. His aura had already locked onto an elite of the Dissimilate Clan diagonally opposite him. No matter who Bu Luo attacked, he would kill the Dissimilate Clan!

The heart of the elite of Dissimilate Clan who had been locked onto by Zhao Hailong’s aura rose. At this moment, he had the urge to run.

Of course, the most chaotic thing at this moment should be in the 40th circle. Due to Xu Tui’s prior contact, almost all the nearby teams had participated in the battle.

Xu Tui did not continue fighting. After killing two alien invasion elites from the 41st circle, he left them to the Silver Leopard battle team.

Yan Lie and Xu Tui’s hammers had already appeared in the 40th circle.

Xu Tui also passed behind the Silver Leopard battle team and charged toward the 40th circle. In the 41st circle, the elite alien invaders who had lost two teammates were defeated by the Silver Leopards on the spot. The situation instantly became extremely dangerous.

At the same time, the human teams behind Xu Tui began to fill in their positions in an orderly manner. Every time Xu Tui charged in, it was equivalent to fighting for an area for the humans.

There was no suspense!

The alien elites who were fighting the human teams in the 40th circle had already noticed Xu Tui’s actions and were very careful. It could be said that they were defending with all their might. However, they could not defend against Xu Tui’s mental hammer.

The mental hammer that had been injected with 20% of Xu Tui’s mind power struck down. Even a supernatural being from the Dissimilate Clan would be shaken a few times. Whether it was Yan Lie’s saber or Xu Tui’s flying sword, they only needed an instant to take their lives.

In the 40th circle, Xu Tui and Yan Lie killed the enemies with one strike. This posture of raising and slashing shocked the other alien invasion elites. They immediately panicked. The human team took advantage of the situation and advanced.

They had a great victory!

Xu Tui and Yan Lie did not stop at all. They continued to charge toward the 39th circle.

Xu Tui drank a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir when he was walking towards the 39th circle.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui now had five bottles of these precious items that could recover his mind power. He did not mind drinking two to three bottles in a battle. He predicted that his mind power would be greatly depleted in the next period of time. He would drink a bottle to replenish his energy.

After all, although he could hammer continuously after the mental hammer was condensed, he would lose at least 1% of his mind power with every hammer. He had to replenish his mind power!

Actually, from the way Xu Tui used it, the power of his mental hammer and mental whip had increased after the last two genetic base points of his mental whip were strengthened to Level 2 silver.

Of course, it was only a normal increase after strengthening his genetic base points to Level 2.

In Xu Tui’s expectations, after all the genetic base points in a genetic ability chain were strengthened to Level 2 silver, there would be a huge change. It did not meet Xu Tui’s expectations. He had to study it carefully after he went back. This did not match Xu Tui’s theory.

39th circle, triple kill!

Xu Tui and Yan Lie passed by easily. The human teams in the 38th circle were looking forward to the arrival of Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie had not arrived when the elites of the alien invasion who were fighting them were affected. They took the initiative to retreat. There were reinforcements behind them who urgently pressed forward and defended with all their might.

However, an Earth Spike made them panic on the spot.

Previously, another genetic base point of the Stab Formula had been strengthened to Level 2 silver. Its power had also increased slightly. However, it still did not make any threats or harm to them. It was enough to force them into a flurry.

The mental hammer smashed down and the flying sword passed through. One kill! They charged toward the 37th circle again.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s speed of advancement was extremely fast. In less than three minutes, they had advanced from the 43rd circle to the 32nd. The two of them had completed a total of 25 kills.

Their battle results were shocking! However, it brought greater benefits to the human team. Under the joint efforts of the human teams, they directly fought for 12 combat areas for the human side. As a result, the alien invasion elites lost 12 combat areas.

Coupled with the advantage they had accumulated previously, the humans actually had an unprecedented advantage in this battle. Moreover, what made the elites of the alien invasion even more panicked was that Xu Tui and Yan Lie did not stop.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie had already charged toward the 31st circle.

At this moment, due to the commotion caused by Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s advancement, a huge battle was happening in the entire energy overflow circle. The alien invasion elites in the 31st circle were fighting fiercely with the humans. Some of them were bleeding and injured on both sides.

On the side of the alien invasion elites, one of the elites of the Dissimilate Clan was also injured. There was a huge wound on his back. Although the bleeding had stopped, blood was still oozing out.

The mental hammer floated forward. Xu Tui was about to smash down when he suddenly had an idea.

Why not try that ability?

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui activated his powerful mental perception and instantly cut into the original quantum frequency of the injured elite of the Dissimilate Clan.