Chapter 513 - 513 Original Price, No Obligation To Explain (3)

513 Original Price, No Obligation to Explain (3)

It was not that he did not want to say it. He actually still wanted to scold him. He wanted to curse him back. But in that case, it was really possible that the Huaxia Sector would not authorize it to be shared with the America Sector based on the behavior of the Huaxia Sector in the past few years. If that was the case, his term would probably end early, let alone re-election.

Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, was as quiet as a cat. He did not dare to say another word. They were experienced in being dealt a blow. When he could not withstand a beating from the Huaxia Sector, it was best to be quiet. It was fine as long as he did not make a sound. If he spoke, he would suffer greatly!

In fact, Nilab felt a little wronged. This time, he really did not jump much! He had only contacted Maiponeo beforehand and jointly initiated this virtual projection emergency meeting.

Of course, Nilab understood the reason! It was due to the continuation of the dispute from the previous meeting.

In the previous emergency meeting, Nilab had jumped around happily because the Indian Docari had led the low-level Mechanical Spirit army toward the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. He had even won half the battle.

And the original price this time was most likely a continuation of that meeting. This was the usual style of the Huaxia Sector. Slapping him in the face was clearly Huaxia’s revenge, but he was unable to say no.

What if Nilab dares to cause trouble again? Simple. The research results would not be sold to the India Sector!

Therefore, Nilab was very obedient at this moment. Spending an additional 20 grams of mind power Origin Crystals and 100 grams of ordinary Origin Crystals was nothing to the huge India Sector.@@novelbin@@

“General Gai Sheng, does our Huaya Sector also need to purchase it alone?” The person-in-charge of the Yamato Genetic Committee, Daisuke Miyamoto, asked.

“That’s right. This is the research results of our Huaxia Sector! It needs to be bought individually. Of course, you can purchase them individually according to your district. You can also purchase them collectively from us in the name of the Huaya Sector. If you buy it collectively, the discount is 30 grams of mind power Origin Crystals and 150 grams of ordinary Origin Crystals,” Gai Sheng said.

“Alright.” Daisuke Miyamoto glanced at the vice-chairman of the Korean Star Genetic Committee, Quan Zheng, and the vice-chairman of the Sing-Malaysia Genetic Committee, Li Jin. They all had helpless expressions.

They had no choice. Within the Huaya Sector, they usually did their own things. No one could command the other and did not listen to the Huaxia Sector. But now, they could only follow the request of the Huaxia Sector. After all, according to Gai Sheng, it would take a year if he missed this opportunity.

The difference of a year was not small!

“If there are no problems, the effect will be achieved. All parties, please hand over the promised mind power Origin Crystals and ordinary Origin Crystals to our staff at the various bases within ten minutes. After we receive all the Origin Crystals, we will announce all the results of this research to you. I estimate that your elites will be able to directly absorb energy to improve themselves in half an hour.”

The deal was sealed.

The venue of the meeting, including Maiponeo from the American Sector and Nilab from the India Sector, began to contact the higher-ups of the other party and urgently mobilize various resources to reach this deal.

Everyone was making the best use of their time. Just as Gai Sheng had said, the faster the deal was concluded, the faster they could get their elites to start absorbing Origin Energy to improve themselves. As long as their luck was not too bad, they would be able to produce a batch of elite experts this year.

Actually, ordinary Origin Crystals were not a problem.

Not to mention that the various sectors had accumulated for so many years, the ordinary Origin Crystals they obtained on the Mars battlefield every year during the energy tide were several kilograms or even more than ten kilograms. There would only be more in the open and in the dark.

The only troublesome thing was the mind power Origin Crystal. The source of this thing was too simple. More importantly, it was obvious that this invention from the Huaxia Sector seemed to be related to mind power Origin Crystals. It might consume mind power Origin Crystals.

There were not many mind power Origin Crystals in the various sectors to begin with. Almost half of them had been taken away by the Huaxia Sector. Now that they had taken out dozens of grams, they were a little nervous!

However, under the current circumstances, did they have a choice?

No!