Chapter 510 - Cleaning Up The Inventory And Explanation (2)

Chapter 510: Cleaning Up the Inventory and Explanation (2)

“Okay!

At the side, Yan Lie pinched his thigh fiercely. He wondered if he had heard wrongly. Cai Shaochu and Wei Bin! Darn it.

Cai Shaochu was the principal of the Blue Star Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College and one of the seven planetary-level powerhouses in the Huaxia Sector.

Wei Bin was a lieutenant general in the Blue Star Sky Unit. The rank of lieutenant general was commonly used in the entire Blue Star and extra-terrestrial. At the same time, Wei Bin was also the person-in-charge of extraterrestrial affairs in the Huaxia Sector. Wei Bin himself was also a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse.

!!

It was difficult for Yan Lie not to believe it since he had alarmed two true top experts.

Before Yan Lie could be shocked, two signals were received on the military channel of the sky aircraft.

“I am Cai Shaochu.”

“I am Wei Bin. Hello, Xu Tui. The recording of this communication has begun at the same time. The recording will be uploaded to the Huaxia Sector’s super quantum computer, the Great Qin, at Level SS.”

“We’ve already seen the invention that you reported just now. There are two key questions that we need you to answer.” This was Cai Shaochu’s voice.

“Please do.”

“First, are you sure you have to use the useless mind power Origin Crystals?” Cai Shaochu asked seriously. There was a hint of rigor in his tone.

Xu Tui was from the Huaxia Genetic Research Institute, Research Institute No. 14. He naturally understood how to respond.

“I’m sure that useless mind power Origin Crystal would work. I’ve done an experiment on the spot. I can’t do it after the natural Origin Crystal is sucked dry.

“The earth-element Origin Crystals have been eliminated from the Origin Crystals that were condensed after death. However, as long as the other two conditions are met, they can be verified repeatedly,” Xu Tui replied.

“Alright, the second question. Did you report this invention through any other channels? Other than you, does anyone else know if it has spread?” This time, it was Wei Bin’s question.

“It was not reported through other channels. Currently, I had only reported it to Zhu Lang, the strategic coordinator of Phobos’ Combat Command. He was the one who asked me to report it to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector first. I understood what he meant.

“Commander Zhu said that he had to replicate it before he could report it to Phobos’ Combat Command to prevent any mistakes. His replication would take at least 30 minutes. Other than that, my comrade-in-arms, Yan Lie, also knows.”

“Not bad. Zhu Lang is quite smart.” Wei Bin smiled first. “Xu Tui, your invention is very important. At the same time, thank you for reporting your invention to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector half an hour in advance. Your contributions and contribution points will be heavily rewarded after the expert group researches them.

“However, in order to prevent chaos and mistakes, we need to arrange for someone to replicate your invention before reporting it again. Before Zhu Lang completes the replication, I’ll give you and Yan Lie a gag order. No one was allowed to mention this matter again. The gag order would be lifted thirty minutes later after Zhu Lang completed his replication.”

“Understood!” Xu Tui nodded. At the same time, he cursed in his heart. Were all big shots so roundabout? It was clearly for the sake of the 30-minute advancement, but he still said it so openly. However, this explanation sounded very comfortable.

Xu Tui felt that he had to learn it in the future.

“Please be careful.”

“Alright.”

In the next moment, the communication returned to Feng Xuanbiao.

“Xu Tui, I’ve just received a temporary order from Lieutenant General Wei. If you encounter any danger, you can immediately ask for help from the Mars base of the Huaya Sector. Once we receive the call, our Huaya Sector’s Mars base will rescue you at all costs,” Feng Xuanbiao said.

“Thank you.”

The communication was cut off.

Yan Lie, who was at the side, was already in a daze. He was completely in a daze. It was too f*cking shocking! He had actually spoken to two untouchable characters today and even revealed his name!

It had to be known that the Planetary realm powerhouse, Cai Shaochu, was a god-like figure in the Huaxia Sector and the extra-terrestrial. Today, he had actually established a communication with them!

When he saw Xu Tui turn to look at him, Yan Lie suddenly reacted. He grabbed the useless mind power Origin Crystal that Xu Tui had not completely put back.

Unexpectedly, Xu Tui was faster than him. He snatched the useless mind power Origin Crystal first.

“F*ck, how fast is your reaction speed?” While Yan Lie was stunned, he had already put on a rare smile. He was trying to please Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, you are my brother. I didn’t appreciate your kindness just now. You are a magnanimous person.” Yan Lie begged.

“Do you know now that I’m not fooling you?”

“I was wrong, okay? You’re my brother. I was really wrong. What four grams of Origin Crystals? The things you gave me will be treasures in the future. Even if they’re really useless, they’ll really be treasures.”

“Really?”

“Absolutely!” Yan Lie was just short of writing a guarantee.

Of course, it was just a joke between Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

Xu Tui had just handed over the useless mind power Origin Crystal when Yan Lie hid it behind his back. He was afraid that Xu Tui would go back on his word.

Yan Lie was certain of one thing. A few hours later, he would probably not be able to exchange 10 grams of Origin Crystals or even more for a useless mind power Origin Crystal! The value of this thing might become extremely terrifying in a short period of time.

“What about now?” Yan Lie asked.

“Go back and attack the inner circle.”

“Okay!

…

At the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, Feng Xuanbiao appeared in front of the director of the Military Supply Division of the Mars base in the Huaya Sector with a stamped and signed application.

“You want to urgently mobilize 46 mind power Origin Crystals from the Huaya Mars base’s military warehouse?” The director of the Military Supply Division was from the Huaxia Sector. He was in a difficult position when he saw the transfer order.

“Old Feng, there’s no problem with the transfer order or the quantity. However, 46 pieces happen to be the number of mind power Origin Crystals stored in our military warehouse. It was equivalent to emptying the inventory. In such a situation, I have to sign with the two deputy division heads at the same time to take it away.”

“Then inform them.”

The other two deputy directors of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector were from the Yamato Sector and Sing-Malaysia Sector. They arrived in a few minutes. They flipped the transfer order over and over again, but they did not see any problems.@@novelbin@@

Forty-six mind power Origin Crystals were not a large number. Their total value was not high either. They had just emptied the stockpile of mind power Origin Crystals in the Huaya Sector’s Mars base. Once it was used up, they would have to report it to the emergency room of the Moon base or Phobos.

But it was also a normal procedure.

In a few minutes, the director of the military supply depot and the two deputy directors signed their names at the same time. Feng Xianbiao took away 46 mind power Origin Crystals. The stockpile of mind power Origin Crystals in the Huaya Sector’s Mars base had been cleared.

At the same time, the few Huaxia Genetic Evolution Realm and Genetic Transmutation Realm experts on duty began to apply to exchange for mind power Origin Crystals.

Although the exchange of mind power Origin Crystals was two for one, because mind power Origin Crystals were naturally instant replenishment items of the Mystery Branch, there was a limit to how much they could be exchanged.

Depending on the individual’s contribution level and individual strength, a person could exchange for one to four grams within three months. However, the maximum was four grams.

At first, a few people came to exchange it, so the director of the Military Supply Division did not care. However, when more than ten people had exchanged for it, and half of the mind power Origin Crystals had been exchanged, the director of the Military Supply Division came back to his senses.

There was a problem! They were all from the Huaxia Sector, so there was a problem! There was definitely a problem! He immediately ran off to report. Coincidentally, something similar had happened to Phobos, the Moon base, and the Watcher base in the meteorite belt.

A large number of mind power Origin Crystals were exchanged. The director of the Military Supply Division of these bases became alert and reported it through secret channels. In an instant, it caused the higher-ups of the Blue Star Sector to be extremely puzzled.

There were no problems in exchanging for mind power Origin Crystals. However, there was a problem since they were all from the Huaxia Sector.

The deputy director of the American Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, and the others immediately held an emergency virtual projection meeting of the six major sectors. At the start of the meeting, Maiponeo pointed his finger at Gai Sheng, the commander of the Mars base in the Huaya Sector.

“General Gai, why did your Huaxia Sector exchange mind power Origin Crystals on such a large scale? In order to avoid causing unnecessary misunderstandings and panic, can you give us an explanation?”