Chapter 516 - 516 You Lack Common Sense (3)

516 You Lack Common Sense (3)

There were many people on Phobos who had similar identities to Zhu Lang. This was a very normal phenomenon. Therefore, when Zhu Lang received the order from Commander Wei through a special channel, he immediately carried it out.

The order was actually very simple. He would stop reporting Xu Tui’s research results to Phobos. Xu Tui’s research results would be reported and dealt with by the Huaya Mars Base. At the same time, he sent a wartime commendation order to Xu Tui.

The news spread very quickly. Therefore, when Xu Tui and Yan Lie returned to the 43rd combat area, Zhu Lang, who had been guarding this place as an official, excitedly conveyed the commendation order from Chief Wei Bin to Xu Tui.

Zhu Lang was excited because he had also received some news. Because of this discovery and his impromptu punishment, Zhu Lang had made a contribution. Moreover, it was very likely to be a first-grade contribution. It might even be a special-grade contribution!

With this contribution, it was completely possible for Zhu Lang’s military rank to be moved up. At this moment, Zhu Lang had already taken the young man named Xu Tui very seriously. Be it strength, intelligence, this heavyweight invention, or his future, they were all things that Zhu Lang took extremely seriously.

Although the information was not smooth, Zhu Lang had a slight understanding of it. The Huaxia Sector had benefited greatly from Xu Tui’s plan. That harvest was enough to change the strength of the country.

“Xu Tui, Chief Wei said that he will definitely reward you heavily after the actual combat is over. The results of your invention this time are very important.

“In addition, Chief Wei has also conveyed another matter to me. If you want to leave the Mars battlefield, we can send a special combat team from Phobos to fetch you away now. It will depend on your choice,” Zhu Lang said solemnly.

“Commander Zhu, the identity information of the researcher is still confidential, right?”

“It’s still confidential!” Zhu Lang replied firmly.

“Then, has the experiment of directly absorbing energy already begun here?” Xu Tui pointed at the energy overflow circle and asked.@@novelbin@@

“Yes, but it will take time for the useless mind power Origin Crystals of the various sectors to arrive. I estimate that in an hour, a large number of elites of the human teams will begin to absorb the Origin Energy. At that time, there will probably be a large-scale conflict between the human team and the alien invasion elites,” Zhu Lang said.

“Yes, I understand. I won’t leave for the time being. I still want to improve myself here,” Xu Tui decided.

Hearing this, Zhu Lang smiled and shook his head. “I knew you would make such a choice! Don’t worry, Chief Wei has already instructed us to do our best to save you if you encounter any danger here! We would do anything! Call me immediately if anything happens. Also, I’ll pay attention to your situation.”

“Okay, thank you.”

“In case you don’t have enough emergency reserves, bring these three bottles of Level B Active Energy Elixir with you first! Don’t be afraid of wasting it. If your mind power is less than 60%, consume it immediately!” Zhu Lang said.

At the side, Yan Lie’s eyes widened! Origin energy could really be absorbed by humans! He used the useless mind power Origin Crystal that Xu Tui had given him to guide the nearby Origin Energy into his body according to Xu Tui’s method.

However, because the concentration of energy in the 43rd circle was not high, the energy flow formed was very faint.

“F*ck, f*ck! I could really do it! If this continues, how much would my strength increase…” Yan Lie was really shocked.

Xu Tui smiled when he heard that. He looked at Yan Lie and said, “Do you want to try killing your way into the inner circle together? The speed at which you absorb Origin Energy in the inner circle might be twice as fast as here. It might even be more.”

“Really?” Yan Lie was pleasantly surprised, but he immediately realized that he had asked a useless question.

“Alright, I’ll listen to you! You arrange the strategy for how to charge!” Yan Lie said happily.

“Okay!

Xu Tui’s gaze instantly turned to the 43rd circle.