Chapter 522 - 522 Fission Golden Eagle And Conflict (2)

522 Fission Golden Eagle and Conflict (2)

It was the fire-type supernatural being from the Fission Race who was the first to attack.

Xu Tui planned to kill him. He had to find his way back after being beaten up!

The fire-type supernatural being from the Fission Race was extremely decisive. He instantly split into two, two into four, and four into eight. Even though Xu Tui’s mental perception was powerful, he could not find his main body at this moment.

“Save me!” The moment the fire-type supernatural being of the Fission Race saved his life, he shouted for help.

In the second circle, the third-ranked Fission Race’s Golden Eagle waved its golden wings, and several golden lights blasted towards the 15th circle. Bobran, who was already prepared, roared angrily. The storm swept up countless green wind blades and blasted towards Golden Eagle of the Fission Race.

Xu Tui’s flying sword seemed to have eyes. It pierced through one of the fission clones of the fire-type supernatural being. Just as he was about to continuously pierce through the other clones, a few golden lights approached.

It was extremely fast!

The moment the sound of metal colliding rang out, the golden light dissipated, and the silver light was knocked to the side. The main flying sword lost control from the impact. Fortunately, Xu Tui had a mental chain. He instantly threw out a mental chain and attached it to the flying sword that had lost control.

Almost at the same time, three golden lights blasted over at lightning speed. One shot straight into the void. The moment it blasted into the void, Yan Lie fell out of his concealment state on the spot. Blood spurted out of his mouth!

The other two beams of golden light shot toward Xu Tui’s chest and forehead.

Xu Tui could clearly see with his mental perception that it was a golden eagle. The two golden lights that blasted at him were two little golden eagles! It was an attack from the second circle of the Fission Race’s elite, Golden Eagle.

The two little golden eagles were extremely intelligent. Their speed was almost comparable to Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Xu Tui was shocked. He instantly produced two mental shields. He was afraid that the Vajra Barrier would not be able to withstand it.

“F*ck, Golden Eagle, I’m going to kill you!” Zhu Lang roared angrily when he saw the golden light instantly hit Xu Tui.

Zhu Lang knew very well how powerful Golden Eagle was! Golden Eagle was a Level C Genetic Evolver last year. The rating of the Level C Genetic Evolution Realm was calculated according to the standards of the extra-terrestrial. It was not a genetic advancement like Wang Ji on the Blue Star!

This year, Golden Eagle’s strength had definitely reached the Level B or even the Level A Genetic Evolution Realm.

It could be said that Golden Eagle of the Fission Race was the same as Black Eagle of the Mechanical Spirit Race. After returning from the Mars battlefield this year, when they saw them in the future, there was a high chance that they would be Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

It was easy to imagine how powerful he was.

Two golden lights struck Xu Tui.

Zhu Lang subconsciously thought that Xu Tui was doomed. His mind power instantly entered the silver hoop above his head. Xu Tui’s mental shield, which was twice as strong, instantly blocked in front of the two little golden eagles.

However, mental shields were not good at defending against such attacks. Even after the power of the silver hoop was doubled, it was only about the same as the defense of ordinary earth and water shields.

In an instant, the two mental shields were pierced through.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea. He should have used the Mountain Formula to defend just now. The effect might have been better. However, it was a little late for him to react.

Two little golden eagles shot toward Xu Tui’s vital points. He estimated that his Vajra Barrier would most likely not be able to defend against it.

Xu Tui knew this very well. His Vajra Barrier’s defense was strong enough, but it still could not block the attacks of his flying sword. Similarly, it could not stop the little golden eagles.

Xu Tui would be doomed if his forehead and chest were hit. Golden Eagle of the Fission Race was too despicable!

The crisis was approaching, but Xu Tui became even calmer. The moment the two little golden eagles hit Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier, Xu Tui once again entered Time Distortion. To many people, it was as if Xu Tui had instantly accelerated. His body suddenly rolled to the ground.

The angle of the little golden eagle that was aimed at Xu Tui’s head was too big. It missed. The other little golden eagle adjusted its direction intelligently. It continued to change its direction and pursue Xu Tui the moment he used Time Distortion to dodge. It pierced through Xu Tui’s waist and abdomen.

The Vajra Barrier shattered, and blood flew into the air. Xu Tui let out a dull grunt. He felt a tearing pain in his waist. A large piece of flesh was missing from his waist. One could vaguely see his internal organs. Blood gushed out. The corner of Xu Tui’s mouth twitched in pain.

All of this had happened too quickly. In the second circle, Bobran fought the Golden Eagle of the Fission Clan. Explosions rang out continuously. However, as Xu Tui was injured, the battles in the other circles gradually slowed down and returned to a stalemate.

However, their breathing became even tighter.

Zhu Lang protected a spot not far away from Xu Tui. He temporarily blocked the front of the combat area where Xu Tui and Yan Lie were.

“If you’re not dead, move yourself.” Zhu Lang’s words were directed at Yan Lie.

Blood spurted out of Yan Lie’s mouth. One could even vaguely see bits of minced meat gushing out. There was a huge penetrating wound on his right chest. In the moment of life and death just now, Yan Lie had also avoided his vital points when he was hit by the golden light released by the golden eagle.

Blood spurted out of his mouth. Yan Lie lay there and struggled to drink a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. “Xu Tui, if you have time… Cough, cough… Do it. I… can take it!”

“This… is what you said!” Xu Tui twitched in pain. His mind power landed on Yan Lie’s body and he immediately instantiated the treatment. However, it was not fast.

Xu Tui endured the pain and treated Yan Lie first. It could be seen that Yan Lie was more injured than him. He had only used his energy field to temporarily stop the bleeding.

In all directions, the human teams had complicated expressions. However, they all released their auras and tried their best to restrain these alien invaders. The surrounding alien invasion elites looked at the seriously injured Yan Lie and Xu Tui and became restless.

However, the human teams would not give them another chance. Especially when they had taken on additional pressure to create an opportunity for the supernatural beings to attack just now, they had also been severely injured. Even if they could directly absorb energy to recover from their injuries, this still required time.

Zhu Lang was at the front. There were also two Genetic Evolution Strategy Coordinators nearby. For the time being, they could only give up.

Zhu Lang’s aura surged as he stared intently at the nearby alien elites. However, he finally heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that Xu Tui and Yan Lie were still alive.

Two minutes later, the huge wound near Yan Lie’s right chest began to scatter. His breathing became stable. Only then did Xu Tui begin to treat his injuries. At the same time, Xu Tui began to instantiate treatment for himself.

With the bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir that he had consumed previously as a foundation, Xu Tui did not need to consume any more Energy Restoration Elixirs.

Yan Lie, who had recovered at least half of his injuries, struggled to crawl to Xu Tui’s side. He lay down and spat out another mouthful of blood. “Awesome! This feels too good! We actually attracted the second and third place on the Hunting List to attack us! It was worth it! Even if I died in battle, it was worth it! Another wave of 37 kills. It was all worth it!”

Nearby, the elite students of the human team were also emotional. It was really worth it! Xu Tui and Yan Lie had completed 37 kills. Even if they died in battle, it was worth it.

Zhu Lang could not help but stare at Yan Lie. It was worth it to exchange for 10, let alone 37! However, Xu Tui could not. If Xu Tui died in battle, the human race would suffer a loss even if they killed 100 elite alien invaders before they died.

Xu Tui was a genius scientist!

Zhu Lang had only obtained Xu Tui’s detailed information previously. It turned out that Xu Tui had also invented the passive genetic ability chain of reaction speed. Now, he has invented a way to directly absorb energy. This invention was more important than the other!

How could such a genius researcher go to the battlefield?

At this moment, Zhu Lang felt that the heads of some of the higher-ups of the Blue Star might have been kicked by a donkey! Such a genius researcher should be placed at the back for research! Why should he be on the battlefield? If he really died in battle, it would be a huge loss for the Blue Star humans!

However, if Xu Tui had not come to the Mars battlefield this time, he would not have been able to invent a way for humans to directly absorb energy.@@novelbin@@

It was a little contradictory.

The heads of the upper echelons of the Blue Star did not seem to have been kicked by a donkey. While Zhu Lang was cursing in his heart, Yan Lie, who had crawled closer to Xu Tui, snickered at Xu Tui as he spat out the remaining blood.

“What should we do next? Arrange it. I’m listening!” Yan Lie’s eyes were filled with ferocity.

This fellow was already thinking of revenge!