Chapter 529 - 529 An Inevitable Battle (1)

529 An Inevitable Battle (1)

What did he mean by smooth-sailing?

Xu Tui felt that his current cultivation was smooth-sailing.

40 minutes later, not only was the mental whip genetic ability chain completely strengthened to Level 2 genetic ability chain, there were a total of 18 genetic base points in the second level of the Vajra Tide that had been strengthened to Level 2 silver.

The next step would definitely be to strengthen the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field’s genetic ability chain. He would completely strengthen it to a level-two genetic ability chain. However, before he strengthened it, Xu Tui briefly tested out the changes after the mental whip genetic ability chain was completely strengthened to Level 2.

This change was a little beyond Xu Tui’s expectations. It did not greatly increase its power. It was more like losing weight!

After the mental whip was strengthened into a Level 2 genetic ability chain, the thickness of the mental whip that Xu Tui condensed became more than half of its original size. The range of the vibration did not decrease. Instead, it increased. The range of the vibration reached about 1.2 meters, which was 20% higher than before. However, the consumption of mind power decreased.

He could only inject 5% of his mind power at most. It was just like how he had relied on his weight to win when he was fat previously. Now that he had lost weight and become a muscular man, he had to rely on his explosive muscle power to win!

The power of the 4% mental vibrating whip has the same power as the 2% mental vibrating whip now. The power did not increase much, but the consumption of mind power was directly reduced by half. But then again, the power of the mental vibrating whip was already very powerful. Therefore, even if the increase was not huge, it was still very shocking.@@novelbin@@

If not for the fact that cultivation time was precious, Xu Tui would have found an alien invasion elite to beat him up.

Similarly, the mental hammer had also lost weight. It had shrunk by half, but there were some simple but absolutely beautiful patterns on the surface. Under his mental perception, there was a silver texture inside. After the enhancement, he could only inject 10% of his mind power at most. However, its power would also increase by 10 to 20%.

It was worth it! It was really worth it!

Previously, Xu Tui had to limit his use of the mental hammer and the mental vibrating whip. He was afraid that he would use up all his mind power if he overused it. After strengthening it to Level 2 Genetic Ability Chain, although he could not freely draw it, it was much better than before.

Xu Tui looked at the time. It was 12:35 a.m. Mars time. The current area would be bright in about six and a half hours. In other words, Xu Tui had at most six and a half hours of stable cultivation time. He had to make good use of these six and a half hours to greatly increase his strength.

In his current state, Xu Tui could absorb about five grams of Origin Crystals’ energy in an hour. The speed at which Xu Tui strengthened his other genetic base points to Level 2 silver had slightly slowed down because he had split off a portion of his energy to strengthen his energy chain.

Originally, he could strengthen 10 genetic base points to Level 2 silver in an hour. Now, he could only strengthen seven genetic base points to Level 2 silver in an hour. It was a little slow.

Xu Tui could not help but look around the inner circle. He was currently in the 17th circle. If he could make it to the 10th or even the 8th circle, Xu Tui estimated that the energy concentration in that place would be more than double that of the 17th circle.

At that time, even if Xu Tui’s cultivation speed did not double, it would increase greatly. If it was a surprise attack now, it was still possible to enter another three to four circles.

However, Xu Tui looked at Yan Lie, who was constantly using his concealment ability to cultivate, and dismissed the thought.

Yan Lie did not have such a fast cultivation speed. He should cultivate for another night and let Yan Lie improve. Otherwise, if anything happened to Yan Lie during the advancement, Xu Tui would not be able to stay in the Origin Energy combat circle for long. Finding another teammate at the last minute was not enough, be it in terms of cooperation or trust.

“Yan Lie, I know that you are a dual cultivator, but you should major in the Extreme Branch and cultivate a certain ability of the Mystery Branch. You should also have a certain level of attainment in mind power. When you are improving your abilities, you can try to use your mind power to speed up,” Xu Tui could not help but remind Yan Lie.

“I know, but I don’t have introspection. This method of accelerating the cultivation using mind power is basically useless,” Yan Lie whispered as he walked closer to Xu Tui.

There were two requirements for entering the School of Enlightened Mind. Mental perception and introspection were not secrets in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

“Our School of Enlightened Mind belongs to the Mystery Branch. All of the genetic base points in the Mystery Branch were located in an ethereal location or at the head. From this perspective, one had to use introspection to roughly lock onto the area and increase their cultivation speed.

“However, many genetic base points in the Extreme Branch were in correspondence to your body parts. For example, speed, power, explosive power, and especially some areas that were more obvious.

“You don’t need to use introspection. You only need to focus your attention on the relevant areas to focus the excess energy that you have absorbed into that area. It was like a flood. It would definitely speed up the absorption and strengthening of energy by the genetic base points in that location.

“It will speed up the improvement,” Xu Tui said.

Yan Lie was stunned. “Your explanation sounds very reasonable!”