Chapter 527 - 527 The Real Level 2 Genetic Ability Chain (1)

527 The Real Level 2 Genetic Ability Chain (1)

In less than three hours, all 21 genetic base points in the first level of Xu Tui’s Vajra Tide Force Field had been strengthened to Level 2 silver. This was the second genetic ability chain in Xu Tui’s body that had been strengthened into a Level 2 silver.

The first was the genetic ability chain of mental whip.

The genetic base points of the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field had all been strengthened to Level 2 silver. In theory, the defense of the Vajra Barrier should have been greatly enhanced. Originally, he had to use various tests to determine the extent of the improvement.

However, Xu Tui’s strengthened mental perception had already fused the macroscopic and microscopic perceptions. He could roughly sense the difference with his mental perception. Of course, it was only a general judgment.

Soon, Xu Tui raised the Vajra Barrier and carefully observed it for more than a minute. He frowned slightly.

The increase was not large. It was only 20%. It was equivalent to strengthening a genetic base point to Level 2 silver by about 1%. It was too different from the enhancement effect that Xu Tui had expected.

Xu Tui thought about it and raised a Vajra Shield. After all, the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was a component of the Vajra Barrier. However, the main external ability was the Vajra Shield.

Xu Tui frowned again after he observed it with his senses. The increase in his defense was only about 40%. It was completely different from what he had expected. He had expected that the defense of the Vajra Barrier would increase by more than 50% when the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was strengthened to Level 2 silver.

In terms of the Vajra Shield alone, the increase should have doubled. However, the increase was very small.

One had to know that all 21 genetic base points in the genetic ability chain had been strengthened to Level 2 silver. Although it was strengthened after the mutation of the entire genetic ability chain, the increase was still too small.

Theoretically, when the genetic base points of a genetic ability chain were all strengthened to Level 2 silver, the corresponding abilities of this genetic ability chain should have a huge increase.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui frowned. This was not the first time such an abnormality had happened. He had also strengthened all the genetic base points of the mental whip’s genetic ability chain to Level 2 silver. However, his abilities did not increase as expected. The increase was also very small.

Why was this happening?

Xu Tui quickly absorbed the Origin Energy with the 5.4-grams useless mind power Origin Crystal. He focused on strengthening the genetic base points of the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field while he was in the illusory introspective state.

All the genetic base points on a genetic ability chain had been strengthened to Level 2 silver, but their power had not increased greatly. Something must have gone wrong.

The mental whip genetic ability chain flashed with silver light, especially the two main genetic base points. One was in the shape of a whip, and the other was like a hammer, with silver lights shining brightly.

At this moment, in the illusory introspective state, the genetic base points that had been strengthened to Level 2 silver were strung together by a white chain into a closed loop.

Several genetic base points were pierced through by a few white chains at the same time. Those were genetic base points with multiple abilities.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea when he saw the Level 2 silver genetic base points on the white chain. Upon further observation, he realized that the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was the same. The 21 level-two silver genetic base points were strung together by a white genetic chain. The difference was obvious.

The problem might lie in the genetic chain.

The genetic ability chain was divided into two parts. One was the genetic base points, and the other was the chain. Only then would one have the ability. The current situation was that all his genetic base points had been strengthened to Level 2 silver, but the chain was still white.

Xu Tui temporarily thought that the chain was Level 1. In other words, it was very likely that this genetic ability chain had not been strengthened as a whole because it was Level 1. When he thought of this, Xu Tui immediately began to try to strengthen the chain that connected all his genetic base points by focusing his mind and guiding his Origin Energy.

However, Xu Tui quickly noticed another problem. This chain that connected all the genetic base points could not be directly strengthened. For most people, although they could not be touched or seen, every genetic base point actually existed in their bodies. However, these chains were between reality and illusion. It was useless to strengthen them with concentration.

Xu Tui was not discouraged. He continued to guide his energy to strengthen the other genetic base points. At the same time, he used his microscopic perception to carefully observe the changes in the chain that connected all the genetic base points to see if he could find any tricks.

Xu Tui was not worried about the perimeter. In the past few hours, there had been sporadic battles. The combat area that Xu Tui and Yan Lie were in was already more inward. It was not the combat area on the border. The danger was not too great.

At the same time, in order to speed up the strengthening of the genetic ability chain in his body, Yan Lie was constantly using a certain ability. Basically, most of the elites who had obtained the useless mind power Origin Crystals to absorb energy were in this state.

It was extremely fast to use Mind Concentration to strengthen it, but he had to have the ability of introspection to support it. The ability of introspection was not something that anyone could obtain just because they wanted to. There were very, very few people who had it.

Xu Tui had been thinking about the more accurate illusory introspection. Was there anyone else who knew it?