Chapter 526 - 526 Extravagant

526 Extravagant

Moon, Huaxia Base.

Chief Wei Bin, the person-in-charge of the Huaxia Sector’s extraterrestrial affairs, narrowed his eyes slightly when he saw an emergency report suddenly sent over by the confidential staff. It was a request for distribution of large pieces of useless mind power Origin Crystals.

Under normal circumstances, such matters regarding the distribution of resources could not be brought to Chief Wei. However, because of Xu Tui’s invention, the mind power Origin Crystal instantly became the most important strategic resource in the entire extra-terrestrial.

At the Blue Star and Moon base, the Genetic Committee of the various sectors had immediately set the mind power Origin Crystals as the top-notch strategic resources. They all mobilized their people to purchase mind power Origin Crystals from the public. The various factions in the public also moved when they heard the news.

The price of the mind power Origin Crystal shot up like a rocket. In just an hour and a half, it had increased to a price of 1 mind power Origin Crystal to 10 ordinary Origin Crystals, or even 20 for 1!

However, there were no more mind power Origin Crystals on the market, other than a few lucky people who were lucky enough to buy a portion at a high price. At this moment, someone had offered a sky-high price of 30 for 1, but no one was selling it anymore.

There were not many of these things in stock. More importantly, because of the sudden incident, the distribution of the few mind power Origin Crystals in the various alliances was also extremely intense.

The various genetic evolution schools, the military, the Genetic Research Institute, and so on all wanted to obtain more mind power Origin Crystals. It was used for research and to increase the strength of their people.

Everyone wanted it. The competition was intense. In the end, the distribution rights of the mind power Origin Crystals belonged to the highest person in charge of the extra-terrestrial. If the quantity was large, the various sectors would even have to hold a meeting to decide. This kind of matter that involved the distribution of benefits was very complicated and prudent.

The Huaxia Sector was no exception. Other than the initial large-scale distribution, at this moment, every gram of Origin Crystal had to be signed by Captain Wei. In the past, even when people mobilized the sky aircraft, they only reported it.

Chief Wei also had a headache. Everyone wanted mind power Origin Crystals. This was especially so for those factions or families. Having a few mind power Origin Crystals might mean that the strength of a family or faction’s junior had greatly increased.

However, Chief Wei had already set the distribution rules.

Logically speaking, ordinary people’s distribution needs would be directly beaten back by the staff officers below. They would not be reported. However, the staff officers below did not dare to retaliate against Zhu Lang and Xu Tui. So the report went all the way up.

One was the inventor of the human race’s direct absorption of energy. Although this news was issued a gag order, the staff officers in the command center knew about it. The other was Zhu Lang, the strategic coordinator of Phobos’ Combat Command. At the same time, he was also the combat staff of Chief Wei Bin’s command.

“Xu Tui wants a larger useless mind power Origin Crystal?” Wei Bin thought for a moment and asked the staff officer, “How many larger mind power Origin Crystals do we have in our storage?”

“Chief Wei, there are 14 mind power Origin Crystals that are two to three grams, 2 mind power Origin Crystals that are more than 3 grams, but one of them has been pre-allocated.”

“Then transfer the other three-gram piece to Xu Tui. However, he requested two pieces. He has made a great contribution and did not make any requests. We cannot treat him badly.”

After some thought, Wei Bin pressed a button. A few seconds later, Cai Shaochu’s voice and virtual projection appeared at the side.

“Old Cai, look at this. Also, have you considered how to reward this little guy? That was the first request the little guy made to us. I only have one mind power Origin Crystal with more than three grams. I have a lot that’s more than two grams. What do you think?”

“He wants two larger Origin Crystals. The larger the better? Did Zhu Lang say what Xu Tui’s use is?”

“No,” the confidential staff at the side replied.

“Could it be that he still wants to do some research?” Cai Shaochu frowned slightly.

Hearing this, Wei Bin laughed. “Old Cai, don’t be petty! This little guy is hot-blooded. We can’t let him die. This time, this little guy got us a large harvest. If there are no changes in the future, we can even increase our national capital!”

“Do I look like a petty person?” Cai Shaochu glared at Wei Bin. “That’s normal. It’s enough to give a piece that’s close to three grams and a piece that’s more than three grams. There were fewer mind power Origin Crystals with more than three grams. However, you know, in the battle between Planetary realm powerhouses a few years ago, the person who died left behind a total of 5.4 grams of mind power Origin Crystal.

“We had studied it for many years and had used up all the value we could use.It was made into a specimen all these years. I’m wondering if I should give this piece to him!”

“That one?” Wei Bin looked thoughtful. “Isn’t it too big? Isn’t it the largest piece in the reserves? A larger useless mind power Origin Crystals would only speed up the absorption of his energy. It would allow him to reach a full energy state faster than others. He would have to use various methods to strengthen his genetic ability chain to consume this energy.”

“He’s from the School of Enlightened Mind.” Cai Shaochu’s eyes flickered.

“Are you saying that the speed at which this little guy consumes his energy is very fast? The origin energy absorbed by a gram of Origin Crystals is not enough to support his consumption?” Wei Bin immediately thought of a certain situation.

“Actually, I hope that he will do research and make some shocking discoveries,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Then give it to him. Who can say?” Chief Wei smiled and sat back in his chair.

“Then sign it. Previously, someone reported that they wanted to cut this piece into nine equal portions. Nine more elites will be able to directly absorb energy.”

Chief Wei signed his name. “You didn’t agree?”

“There’s a portion of trash. So what if they can directly absorb energy? It’s just a number accumulation. I’ve always believed that the best resources should be given to true geniuses, not…”

“Alright, stop! Old Cai, some things are not easy to change. Its existence made sense. All parties have their reasons.”

Cai Shaochu’s virtual projection silently glanced at Wei Bin. “This year, I’ll use this as an opportunity to continue reporting!”

“Let’s continue. Who can say?”

…

An hour later, Zhu Lang was a little stunned when he received this batch of emergency supplies.

It was huge! It was f*cking huge! Zhu Lang only had this feeling.

In the past few hours, Zhu Lang had given many elites of the Huaxia Sector useless mind power Origin Crystals. However, most of them were about one gram. Most of them were below one gram. Only the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, had one that was two grams.

However, one of the two pieces that were given to Xu Tui were 3.2 grams of useless mind power Origin Crystal. This was still within Zhu Lang’s acceptable range. Zhu Lang had seen Origin Crystals that weighed about three grams.

However, what the hell was this 5.4-grams useless mind power Origin Crystal?

Under normal circumstances, an ordinary Genetic Transmutation Realm expert would gather about one gram of Origin Crystals after they died. Most of them were below one gram. The Origin Crystals condensed by quasi-planetary-level powerhouses after their deaths were more than two grams. There were even three grams.

However, more than five grams of Origin Crystal could only be condensed after a Planetary realm powerhouse died. Such a large piece of mind power Origin Crystal was enough to split eight to nine people. Yet, it was given to Xu Tui.

This treatment… was not bad! However, Zhu Lang felt that it was a waste.

Look at Yan Lie now.

He had already begun to frequently use the abilities related to the genetic ability chain. It caused the alien invasion elites not far away to become extremely nervous and enter a battle-ready state.

However, Zhu Lang knew very well that Yan Lie had used his useless mind power Origin Crystal to absorb energy for two hours. His body was basically full. This kind of energy was not something that could be absorbed into the body to quickly strengthen various abilities. It also needed to be absorbed and strengthened on the corresponding genetic ability chain through various methods.

The most common method was to replenish his energy while constantly training one of his abilities. That way, he could quickly enhance a certain genetic ability chain.

Of course, even if he did not use this cultivation method, the various genetic ability chains could still slowly enhance when a large amount of energy entered his body. However, the speed was a little slow.

Yan Lie’s reason for slashing again and again was actually to speed up the absorption and refinement of the energy in his body to improve himself. It was also because of this point that the larger useless mind power Origin Crystal that was used as a transit device was useless.

Human genetic ability chains were not batteries. They could not be replenished with just how much origin energy they sent in. Moreover, even if he charged the battery, there was a speed limit. It took time for Origin Energy to enter his body and refine himself.

Therefore, Zhu Lang felt that it was a little wasteful to give a person too large of a useless mind power Origin Crystal. The two useless mind power Origin Crystals that he gave Xu Tui totaled 8.6 grams. It was enough for 15 elites.

However, this was approved by Chief Wei’s command center. Zhu Lang happily handed it over to Xu Tui and asked him to sign for it.

To be honest, Xu Tui was not surprised when he saw the 3.2-grams useless mind power Origin Crystal. They would be too petty if they did not even give him a three-grams piece of useless mind power Origin Crystal. However, the 5.4-grams useless mind power Origin Crystal shocked Xu Tui. Mind power Origin Crystals condensed after the death of a Planetary realm powerhouse were very rare.

“Not bad.” Xu Tui was elated when he received the two useless mind power Origin Crystals.

Xu Tui did not give the 3.2-gram piece to Yan Lie. He had prepared the 3.2-gram piece for An Xiaoxue. This time, he had to give An Xiaoxue a small surprise.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui planned to try using the 5.4-gram piece first. In the next moment, he used the 5.4-grams useless mind power Origin Crystal for an energy-absorbing transit device. It was six times the size of the useless mind power Origin Crystal that he had used previously. Of course, his absorption speed would not increase by six times.

According to the research data that Zhu Lang had mentioned previously, it should be able to increase Xu Tui’s absorption speed by about 40%. However, 15 minutes later, Xu Tui could not hide the smile on his face.

The 5.4-grams of mind power Origin Crystal had definitely increased his absorption speed by more than 50%.

Before this, Xu Tui had used the useless mind power Origin Crystal that was less than a gram in the 17th circle. He could absorb the amount of energy in a gram of Origin Crystal in about 18 minutes. Every 10 minutes, he could strengthen the genetic base points of the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field to Level 2 silver.

However, Xu Tui would be able to absorb the origin energy of one gram of Origin Crystal in less than 12 minutes after he used the 5.4-grams useless mind power Origin Crystal. Every six minutes, he could strengthen the genetic base points of a Vajra Tide Force Field to Level 2 silver.

In the past two hours, Xu Tui had strengthened the 12 genetic base points in the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field to Level 2 silver. There were a total of 21 genetic base points in the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field. It was estimated that it would take another hour and a half to strengthen them all to Level 2 silver.

However, after using this 5.4-grams useless mind power Origin Crystal, it would only take 54 minutes. This way, Xu Tui would still have some time left even if he strengthened the first two levels of the Vajra Tide Force Field to Level 2 silver.

This speed made Xu Tui very excited.

How much could he improve in one night?