Chapter 524 - 524 The Bigger The Better (2)

524 The Bigger the Better (2)

One could tell that something was wrong with the naked eye during the day. At night, not many people could see it clearly. Even if they saw it occasionally, they could not confirm it. It should not attract the attention of the alien invasion elites. However, it was hard to say when it was dawn.

Xu Tui did not waste any time. He stood there on the spot with the useless mind power Origin Crystal in his hand. He spun his mind power slightly and began to rapidly absorb the Origin Energy into his body.

Xu Tui did not know how much his cultivation tonight would improve, but he already had a way to train after the previous battles. On the battlefield, just having powerful attacks was useless. Powerful attack power could allow one to kill many enemies and press forward. It was just like Xu Tui’s flying sword. However, as long as he encountered resistance once, there would be no future!

His survival and defense abilities had to become stronger. Mental shields had a natural disadvantage in terms of defense, especially in terms of physical and energy attacks. The Vajra Shield was Xu Tui’s number one defense force.

Survival was the priority on the battlefield.

Xu Tui decided to use his Origin Energy to enhance the genetic base points related to the Vajra Shield. There were a total of 21 genetic base points in the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field. Six of them overlapped with the Lesser Heavenly Cycle.

None of the genetic base points in the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field had been strengthened to Level 2 silver. However, they had undergone mutation before.

At this moment, Xu Tui used the Mind Concentration Technique to direct the Origin Energy that he had absorbed into his body to the genetic base points of the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field.

As the turbulent and pure energy entered his body, the first genetic base point of the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field began to move rapidly. These genetic base points had actually been developed to a certain extent because of the Genetic Mutation Elixir.

If the volume of Level 1 genetic base points was 1.0, the volume of Level 2 silver genetic base points was 2.0. So after being injected with the genetic mutation elixir, the volume for genetic base points might be 1.3 or 1.4. It would be easier to strengthen it to Level 2 silver than the genetic base points that were first strengthened.

In just ten minutes, the first genetic base point of the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was strengthened to Level 2 silver.

This speed was too fast!

Back then, Xu Tui had used Level E Energy Restoration Elixirs to strengthen a Level 2 silver genetic base point. However, not only did he need 30 to 40 bottles of Energy Restoration Elixirs, but he also needed a day or two.

After the first genetic base point of the Vajra Tide Force Field was strengthened to Level 2 silver, Xu Tui tried to raise a Vajra Barrier.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui used his mental perception to sense himself. He realized that there were basically no changes. On the other hand, the flow of energy field power became more turbulent. It seems that strengthening one or two related genetic base points was not enough to increase the power of the Vajra Barrier. He could only absorb energy here to strengthen himself. Otherwise, the consumption would be huge.

In the remaining time, he was able to strengthen one genetic base point to Level 2 silver every ten minutes. In an hour, Xu Tui strengthened six genetic base points from the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field to Level 2 silver.

The power of the Vajra Barrier did not increase. However, Xu Tui could already sense the changes and improvements. There was no other way. It would be over if he continued to enhance it.

When he continued to absorb the energy to strengthen himself, Xu Tui’s mental perception would also sense the situation of the surrounding alien invasion elites and humans.

Xu Tui realized that many human elites had already begun to absorb Origin Energy to cultivate. Although Xu Tui’s mental perception was also affected by the surging Origin Energy, it had been strengthened with the Origin Energy Enhancement Targeted Mutation Elixir after all. He could sense most of it.

Li Zhouchen, who was in the innermost circle, had already begun to absorb energy. However, Li Zhouchen was extremely sensitive. The moment Xu Tui’s mental perception landed, he even looked in Xu Tui’s direction.

Bobran, Zhao Hailong, the number one genius student of the European Sector, Dan Li, and the others had already obtained the useless mind power Origin Crystal and started to absorb energy to cultivate.

Half of the elite students in the first ten circles had begun to absorb energy to cultivate. Most of them should have been sent by the various sectors.

Xu Tui clearly realized that almost all of the students in the first ten circles of the Huaxia Sector had obtained useless mind power Origin Crystals. Between the 10th to 30th circles, only a third of the human elites had the useless mind power Origin Crystals to cultivate. Among them, there were more students from the Huaxia Sector. There were even fewer students in the outer circle who had useless mind power Origin Crystals.

However, overall, there were only about 20% more students in the Huaxia Sector who had useless mind power Origin Crystals than the other sectors. It was less than Xu Tui had imagined.

A few minutes later, Xu Tui, who was continuously absorbing energy, greeted Zhu Lang with his consciousness.

A few seconds later, Zhu Lang approached Xu Tui. “What’s the matter?”

“Commander Zhu, I have a few questions that I want to ask.”

“Ask away.”

“Commander Zhu, the base should have already started the relevant research when I reported my research invention. There are many research samples over there. I have a few questions I want to know.”

“Ask away. I’ll tell you what I can,” Zhu Lang said.

“Does the size of a useless mind power Origin Crystal affect the speed at which it absorbs energy?” Xu Tui asked the first key question. Only a collective organization could research this data. Even if Xu Tui wanted to research it himself, he did not have that many samples.

“This… Based on the current preliminary research, the size of the mind power Origin Crystal does affect the absorption speed of energy.