Chapter 521 - 521 Fission Golden Eagle And Conflict (1)

521 Fission Golden Eagle and Conflict (1)

Fire whip, ice spear, small mountain, earth puppet, and energy light net. The four supernatural beings of different species attacked Xu Tui at the same time as if they had agreed. Their cooperation could be said to be exquisite. There were main attacks, range restrictions, traps, attacks, and support.

The moment these four supernatural beings attacked, they almost killed Xu Tui. At the same time, the human teams that had invaded the vicinity of the supernatural beings roared repeatedly and were about to erupt.

However, it was already too late and useless.

The reason why these four alien invasion elites could attack was because their teammates were tanking the attacks of the human team and sharing the pressure. They could even exchange injuries for a chance for their teammates to attack.

The reason was simple. Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s momentum was too strong. Moreover, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had a wide range of attacks. Their speed was fast, and their attacks were strange. Once Xu Tui attacked near them, they would feel very uncomfortable even if they did not attack.

It was extremely uncomfortable!

Coupled with Black Eagle’s previous attention, they were now connected. They wanted to join forces to kill Xu Tui and reduce the threat. Seeing this scene, while the human team was extremely shocked, Zhu Lang, who was the strategic coordinator, was the first to panic!

“Save him!” Zhu Lang roared without any hesitation. In the 20th and 10th circles, even Zhu Lang himself used supernatural methods to save him. The Phobos’ Combat Command would basically place one to two Genetic Evolution Realm experts in the inner circle every ten rounds for emergency relief.

At this moment, under Zhu Lang’s anxious roar, these people instantly attacked with all their might. However, it was still too late! The moment Zhu Lang saw the six attacks attacking Xu Tui, it was already too late. The time difference was very small, but it was enough for the five supernatural beings among the alien invasion elites to take the opportunity to kill Xu Tui.

As Xu Tui’s comrade, Yan Lie was the first to notice something amiss. In an instant, countless thoughts flashed through Yan Lie’s mind. Under such circumstances, it was impossible for him to save Xu Tui no matter what he did.

Yan Lie’s heart instantly clenched. However, Yan Lie’s figure still disappeared. He had to save Xu Tui no matter if he succeeded or not.

Of course, Xu Tui had the fastest reaction when the attacks came at him.

Damn! These guys actually wanted to join forces to annihilate me. Are you f*cking afraid of me? Xu Tui’s mind was working at high speed.

Dodge! He might not be able to avoid it! Even Butterfly Flight could not save him. That was because the huge arm of the Earth Puppet below had already wrapped around him like a vine.

Take it head-on? Xu Tui could take the attacks of the five star superhumans head-on. The consequence of taking it head-on would be that he would turn into minced meat even if he did not turn into ashes on the spot.

At first glance, Xu Tui seemed to be in a desperate situation. His instincts, which he had developed after so many battles, instantly made him choose Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not have the time to think too much about it. Almost instantly, Xu Tui’s mental hammer blasted toward the earth puppet that was already wrapped around him. The moment it landed, Xu Tui entered the Time Distortion reaction time. He instantly whipped out his mental vibrating whip continuously. In an instant, a vacuum seemed to have appeared ten meters in front of Xu Tui.

The fire whip dissipated and split into two. The rain of ice spears also dissipated into the purest Origin Energy. Xu Tui could no longer control the mental hammer. It dissipated with a bang. However, the earth puppet was also destroyed by Xu Tui’s mental hammer. The small mountain above his head pressed down. It pressed Xu Tui, who was stepping on air, back to the ground and onto Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier.

Xu Tui was prepared to withstand the small mountain above his head. After landing, he planned to find the time to use the earth spike to shatter the mountain. However, at this moment, Yan Lie suddenly appeared. The energy field in the saber light shattered and directly shattered the mountain.

Far away, the four alien supernatural beings who had attacked Xu Tui were stunned. However, they did not stop what they were doing.

The attacks continued. However, Xu Tui felt a little calmer now. He kept pulling out the mental vibrating whip. Every whip could create a radius of about a meter of mind power vibration field. Within this range, the long-range supernatural attacks of the four alien invasion elites collapsed.

The four elite supernatural beings were also depressed. As soon as their supernatural attacks reached that area, they lost contact with their mind power. They could not break in! All of them were shocked!

However, Xu Tui knew his own business. He lashed out with the mental vibrating whip. He had consumed nearly 4% of his mind power. In just a second, he had already lashed out four times.

It could not last long!

However, a turnaround also occurred a second later. The human teams nearby began to attack with all their might the moment the four alien supernatural beings focused their fire on Xu Tui. Their teammates were under immense pressure.

It had already been displayed.

At the same time, one second was enough for Zhu Lang and the other two Genetic Evolution Strategy Coordinators to take action. They stopped the attacks with their attacks.

In an instant, there was a chaotic battle inside and outside the 17th circle.

Xu Tui’s crisis was temporarily resolved. However, Xu Tui did not want it to end just like that.

“Kill!” With a furious roar, Yan Lie cooperated and hid. Xu Tui’s flying sword instantly whistled as it shot toward the nearest fire-type supernatural being.@@novelbin@@