Chapter 520 - 520 Joining Forces To Kill

520 Joining Forces to Kill

Xu Tui and Yan Lie fought two against four. They won in a head-on battle. They even killed a Genetic Evolution Realm expert from the alien invasion elites. This instantly caused a commotion in all directions.

While the human teams nearby were shocked by Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s strength, the alien invasion elites within the 24th circle also sized up Xu Tui and Yan Lie again with a cautious gaze for the first time.

To be able to kill a Genetic Evolution Realm expert in a two-on-four situation, this strength level was completely different. Simply put, the strength of Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s team was enough to threaten everyone present, be it a Genetic Mutation Realm or a Genetic Evolution Realm expert.

On the Mars battlefield, especially during the energy tide, Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could not attack because of the energy tide. In fact, the people who determined the situation on the entire Mars battlefield were Genetic Evolution Realm experts.

To put it bluntly, on the Mars battlefield, the Genetic Mutation Realm expert was a soldier, and the Genetic Evolution Realm expert was a general. At this level, a winner could be determined if they were both Genetic Mutation Realm experts. However, if they were both at the Genetic Evolution Realm, they would usually have to pay a huge price to kill the other party.

However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had easily killed the Dissimilate Clan’s giant at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

The nearby experts were also a little confused. He was stabbed in the eye and brain by Yan Lie? This was an unlikely operation under normal circumstances. However, it appeared just like that.

Of course, the experts of the various races nearby had extremely rich combat experience. They had a rough guess, but they could not be sure. However, there was no doubt that the threat that Xu Tui and Yan Lie posed had multiplied in their eyes.

Bu Luo turned around and looked in Xu Tui’s direction. He wanted to attack. However, Zhao Hailong ignored him! If he attacked, Zhao Hailonf would kill his own kind. It did not matter if Zhao Hailong killed people from the Mechanical Spirit Race or the Fission Race.

However, Zhao Hailong only killed members of the Dissimilate Clan. This made Bu Luo so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood.

Xu Tui had already reached the 24th circle. He was only 200 meters away from the fourth circle. At this distance, Bu Luo was confident that he could severely injure or even kill Xu Tui. Unfortunately, Zhao Hailong was standing there, so he did not dare to attack.

In the innermost circle, Black Eagle also turned around and looked in Xu Tui’s direction. The Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, did not even move his eyelids.

The Black Eagle was a Mechanical Spirit. The Mechanical Spirit did not have a pure distinction between the Extreme Branch and the Mystery Branch. Its attack range was also relatively far. However, the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, was an expert from the Mystery Branch. His attack range and explosive damage would only be stronger than his. Therefore, Black Eagle only looked and did not move.

However, it was enough to take a look.

As a leader of the young alien invasion elites in the past few years, Black Eagle’s every move had a guiding effect. Immediately, more alien invasion elites paid attention to Xu Tui and Yan Lie. Many of them were Genetic Evolution Realm experts.

In the 24th circle, Yan Lie was overjoyed. There was a high chance that the giant in front of him was on the Hunting List. Moreover, his ranking should be very high. He might be close to the 100th place. After all, he was an expert at the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Killing an alien invasion elite at the Genetic Evolution Realm rewarded him with 1,000 contribution points. They would also be rewarded with additional contribution points if the elites of the alien invasion were on the Hunting List.

He had made a killing in this battle! He had killed 37 people, and one of them was even at the Genetic Evolution Realm!

“How is it?” Xu Tui looked at Yan Lie, who was panting and had blood at the corner of his mouth, and asked.

“Okay!” Yan Lie, who had charged forward, had suffered many injuries along the way. Many of the injuries were not serious, but they were not light when they accumulated.

“Drink the elixir.”

Xu Tui’s words were very normal, but to Yan Lie, it sounded like a demonic sound. Yan Lie immediately realized what Xu Tui wanted to do. Xu Tui was going to treat him. But his treatment was poisonous. It was f*cking poisonous!

Yan Lie was a little afraid. However, under Xu Tui’s burning gaze, Yan Lie still drank a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir. He was a little worried. In the next moment, a numbing sensation came from the various wounds on his body.

This made Yan Lie heave a sigh of relief. Fortunately, Xu Tui did not use the poisonous treatment to heal him. Although Yan Lie had tried it several times, he estimated that he would most likely not be able to withstand it.

“It’s done!” Three minutes later, Yan Lie took the initiative to express himself.

“Can you still fight?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“No problem. What about you?”

“Not so bad.”

Xu Tui was really fine. He had fought almost 20 battles in a row. He had expended a lot of stamina and mind power. However, he had extravagantly drunk a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir just now. His stamina and mind power were constantly recovering.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s mind power remained above 90%. The mental hammer was still suspended above his head.

Xu Tui wondered what would happen if he retracted the mental hammer and overflowed with mind power.

The moment Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s conversation sounded, the expressions of the elite alien invaders who were fighting the human team in the 23rd circle changed drastically. Xu Tui and Yan Lie had just killed a Genetic Evolution Realm expert. If they participated in the battle, they would definitely lose!

The human team was overjoyed. Xu Tui and Yan Lie had not entered the battle yet, but the elites of the alien invasion who were fighting them were already in a mess. In the next moment, Yan Lie disappeared. At the same time that Xu Tui stepped forward, the flying sword roared. The invisible and intangible mental hammer slammed down.

At this moment, Xu Tui was already using his full strength. The Vajra Barrier covered his body without hesitation. It was equivalent to giving himself a turtle shell.

Seeing Xu Tui and Yan Lie attack, the human teams in the 23rd circle immediately attacked with all their might. The combat area where Xu Tui and Yan Lie had left was immediately filled by a human team. Under such circumstances, the elite alien invaders in the 23rd circle immediately lost their original small advantage and were defeated on the spot.

Xu Tui cooperated with Yan Lie and instantly completed the kill. Then, they continued to attack the 22nd circle. The elite alien invaders who had just entered the 22nd circle were defeated before Xu Tui could do anything.

It was the human team from the 21st circle. They took the initiative to retreat and cooperate. When they saw Xu Tui and Yan Lie charging over, they immediately greeted them. They fought together with Xu Tui and Yan Lie, the human team from the 22nd circle, and counterattacked towards the 21st circle.

Not only did they instantly regain the combat area that they had just lost, but they also completed a kill. Then, this team began to follow behind Xu Tui and Yan Lie. They cooperated with Xu Tui and Yan Lie and passed the 20th circle. They even charged straight for the 19th circle.

In this short period of time, Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s attacks had already brought about a wave of attacks. In an instant, the reputation of the human race soared.

Zhu Lang, who was the strategic coordinator, became nervous. He kept moving forward. The closer they got to the inner circle, the more lethal the elites and experts inside were. And the greater the pressure he faced during the emergency.

The pressure on Xu Tui increased greatly when he reached the 18th circle. The mental hammer was no longer as successful as before. He could use the extremely poisonous instantiation treatment on everyone. Some people had a layer of energy field or mind power protecting their bodies, so his extreme instantiation treatment could not penetrate them.

Xu Tui felt that he could work hard in this area if he had the time.

“Continue, target’s 15th circle!” Xu Tui communicated with Yan Lie with his consciousness. Of course, this kind of communication was one-sided.

Yan Lie only needed to listen! In the next moment, Yan Lie’s figure instantly disappeared.

The battle between the elite alien invaders and the human team in the 17th circle had already stopped. They were in a state of confrontation.

As soon as Yan Lie disappeared, one of the bears of the Fission Race took a step forward. The energy shockwave spread in all directions. An earth-element superb individual from the Dissimilate Clan had already attacked Xu Tui first. The other two Mechanical Spirit elites raised their cannon walls and focused their fire on Xu Tui from afar.

Xu Tui activated the Time Distortion. He seemed to have foreseen this. He took to the air and quickly dodged the concentrated fire. At the same time, the mental hammer first blasted at the Dissimilate Clan’s supernatural being.

Seeing that his companion was in a daze, the Violent Bear-like Fission Race member suddenly strode forward and protected his companion. However, in the next moment, the mental hammer struck his head.

What followed was Yan Lie’s performance. Inevitably, Xu Tui was hit by the long-range energy attacks of the two Mechanical Spirits. However, the Vajra Barrier was not to be trifled with. It constantly fluctuated and blocked their long-range attacks.

This kind of resistance only needed half a second to buy Xu Tui enough time.

Yan Lie had lost Xu Tui’s cooperation. The moment he closed in and killed the supernatural being from the Dissimilate Clan, Xu Tui’s flying sword had also pierced through the energy core of a Mechanical Spirit elite.

The energy light that the other Mechanical Spirit elite shot out also exploded Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier. However, the subsequent attacks were blocked by an invisible barrier.

Mental Shield!

It was a mental shield strengthened by the silver hoop.

In the next moment, Yan Lie had already appeared beside the elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race. Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief. However, at this moment, an extremely bright fire whip whipped toward Xu Tui in the 15th circle.

In the 14th circle, an earth-element superb individual raised one hand and pressed the other under the cover of his companions.

Xu Tui, who had sensed the danger, had just stepped into the air when a small mountain pressed down on his head. This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to be suppressed. Below him, an earth puppet was already roaring and hugging Xu Tui.

At the same time, in the 12th circle, a Mechanical Spirit’s head and forehead shot out a net of energy. It drew a beautiful arc and enveloped Xu Tui. In the 11th circle, an ice-type supernatural being from the Fission Race hugged himself with both hands and shot an ice spear at Xu Tui.

However, the moment he blasted out, the ice spears split into two, two into four, four into eight, eight into 16. In an instant, Xu Tui’s surroundings were covered by a dense array of ice spears.@@novelbin@@

The four alien invasion elites had joined forces to kill Xu Tui.