Chapter 525 - 525 The Bigger The Better (3)

525 The Bigger the Better (3)

“However, it was not a year-on-year increase. Using two grams of useless mind power Origin Crystals as a transit device, the speed of absorbing energy is about 120% of the speed of using one gram of useless mind power Origin Crystals as a transit device,” Zhu Lang said.

“Twenty percent more?”

Zhu Lang nodded.

“Is there any more data?”

“There are very few large mind power Origin Crystals. They are still being studied. However, according to the preliminary data, the larger the size of mind power Origin Crystals used as a transit device, the smaller the increment. The enhancement of a three-gram Origin Crystal was about 30%. At the same time, the speed at which you absorb energy and the concentration of energy nearby were also very important,” Zhu Lang said.

“Then what else can affect the speed of the absorption of energy in the research at the base?” Xu Tui asked directly. If the Huaxia Sector wanted to conduct an experiment, they would definitely collect hundreds of data samples. It would be easier to discover problems.

“Of the three elements you discovered, the speed of the internal vortex has the least impact, but it also has a little impact.

“Currently, it had been discovered that there was a difference in the absorption speed between a Genetic Evolution Realm and a Genetic Transmutation Realm powerhouse who used a useless mind power Origin Crystal of the same size to directly absorb energy of the same concentration. However, the difference was very small. It was between 2% and 4%. These were all inaccurate. Currently, they are still undergoing experiments.@@novelbin@@

“In addition, all the students who obtained the useless mind power Origin Crystals are also experimental samples that can be used to collect data,” Zhu Lang said.

“By the way, Commander Zhu, I realized that even the students of the Huaxia Sector don’t have many useless mind power Origin Crystals. There are only two to three hundred of them. With the advance quantity from before, our Huaxia Sector should have an advantage in this aspect, right?” Xu Tui asked a question in his heart.

“This…” Zhu Lang was a little hesitant, but after thinking about Xu Tui’s identity, he still said, “The factors here are very complicated. However, what I can tell you is that a portion of the elites in the Huaxia Sector are still absorbing energy from other places to improve themselves.

“They are more organized, disciplined, and efficient. Most of the useless mind power Origin Crystals here are for students with contribution points.”

“Military? Mars base?”

Zhu Lang did not confirm or deny it, indicating his attitude.

“Commander Zhu, one last thing. Can you do me a favor?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“What favor? Tell me. I’ll definitely help if I can.”

“Commander Zhu, the largest useless mind power Origin Crystal I have is less than a gram. Can you get me a larger useless mind power Origin Crystal?” Xu Tui asked.

“You want a larger useless mind power Origin Crystal? This was useless, right? When absorbing energy into the body, you had to completely refine it and use it to strengthen your genetic ability chain. Only then could you strengthen yourself.

“Most people in the Genetic Mutation Realm would temporarily have their bodies filled up after absorbing it for an hour or two. It was useless to use an even larger useless mind power Origin Crystal. The base has even begun to study cutting the useless mind power Origin Crystals into smaller units to make it easier for more people to increase their strength,” Zhu Lang said.

“This… I want something bigger. I have uses for it. Just treat it as giving me a portion of the reward in advance, okay?” Xu Tui asked.

Zhu Lang could not understand Xu Tui’s request. In their current experiments, the advantage of larger useless mind power Origin Crystals would gradually disappear as the absorption time increased.

“Alright, I’ll report it to the higher-ups. You’ve made such a great contribution. The higher-ups should consider it.” Zhu Lang turned to leave. He turned around and asked, “By the way, how many grams do you want?”

“The bigger the better.” Xu Tui thought for a moment and added, “It’s best if it’s two large pieces.”

Zhu Lang glanced at Yan Lie. He felt that Yan Lie was too f*cking lucky to have met a teammate like Xu Tui. Then, Zhu Lang left to report to the higher-ups.