Chapter 523 - 523 The Bigger The Better (1)

523 The Bigger the Better (1)

“I’ll arrange it?” Xu Tui suddenly smiled when he saw the murderous look on Yan Lie’s face. This guy had become murderous. There was a reason why he could become an assassin in the Extreme Branch.

Yan Lie nodded heavily. “My injuries will be mostly healed if you do it again later. I can still fight!”

“We’re injured, we should rest and recuperate first!” As he spoke, Xu Tui glanced at the fire-type supernatural being in the 15th circle. Xu Tui had destroyed a fission clone of the fire-type supernatural being from the Fission Race, but it was a clone that had fission multiple times to save his life. His strength had decreased by less than 80%.

At this moment, he was absorbing the surrounding energy to recover the strength he had lost.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s gaze swept past the earth-element superb individual from the Dissimilate Clan in the 14th circle and the ice-element superb individual from the Fission Race in the 11th circle. Finally, his gaze landed on the Mechanical Spirit Genetic Evolution Realm expert in the 12th circle.

Xu Tui had some understanding of the Dissimilate Clan and the Fission Race. He had killed the Mechanical Spirit Race the most, but they were still the most mysterious.

This Mechanical Spirit Genetic Evolution Realm expert had a humanoid appearance. The greatest difference from humans was that he had a huge metal horn on his head and a metallic texture all over his body.

Previously, when he had attacked with the other alien invasion elites to kill Xu Tui, Xu Tui had thought that the energy light net that he had thrown out to restrict Xu Tui was a pure energy attack.

It was very troublesome, so he could only take it head-on. However, Xu Tui did not expect that the Mechanical Spirit’s energy net would be dispersed by the mental vibrating whip.

What did that mean? This meant that the Mechanical Spirit Race’s energy net also had a framework of mind power. The Mechanical Spirit Race was not purely mechanical. Does this mean that they also had spirit? Or was it a soul?

Now, Xu Tui understood why the Mechanical Spirit Race was called the Mechanical Spirit Race.

At this moment, Yan Lie would support Xu Tui’s decision fully without thinking much. Just in this energy overflow combat circle, he had completed 31 kills and 43 kills. He had completed a total of 74 kills. Among them, there were also the battle records of three Genetic Evolution Realm experts.

This battle record had long exceeded all of Yan Lie’s battle records in the past three years. It was the same even if the two of them split the battle merits equally. Moreover, he had obtained a shocking number of Origin Crystals.

It was difficult for Yan Lie not to trust Xu Tui.

It was only with Zhu Lang guarding them that Xu Tui and Yan Lie dared to communicate and heal him so easily in the 17th circle. After treating Yan Lie again, most of his injuries had recovered. However, injuries were injuries after all. Instantiation treatment was only treatment. It was not a direct reproduction. He still needed time to completely recover.

However, it no longer affected the battle.

Just as Yan Lie was about to give it a try, Xu Tui’s mental voice sounded in Yan Lie’s mind.

Consciousness communication.

“Hurry up and absorb the energy to improve yourself. It’s completely dark now. Absorbing the energy should not attract the attention of the alien invasion elites. However, once dawn arrived and the alien invasion elites here discovered that the humans could also begin to directly absorb energy, a huge battle might break out. You have to seize this night to improve yourself. If you want to fight, we’ll fight at dawn!”

Yan Lie was stunned. It took him a minute or two to digest all the information. Xu Tui’s deduction was correct. The reason why the elites of the alien invasion were willing to confront the humans here was not only because they wanted to stand here and increase their strength, but also because the humans could not directly absorb energy.

Once they realized that humans could directly absorb energy, a huge battle might really break out. According to Xu Tui, this night would be a relatively stable night. It would also be a night that would greatly increase his strength.

Yan Lie was also an experienced cultivator. Knowing that this opportunity was very precious, he did not waste any time. He immediately used the useless mind power Origin Crystal that Xu Tui had given him and began to absorb the Origin Energy.

As soon as he absorbed it, his eyes immediately lit up! The energy concentration in the 17th circle was much stronger than the 43rd circle. Yan Lie realized that the energy he absorbed at the same time was definitely more than twice what he had absorbed in the 43rd circle.

At this speed, it was equivalent to absorbing 1 gram of Origin Crystals’ energy in less than 20 minutes. An hour was equivalent to using three grams of Origin Crystals to cultivate. He had never had such a luxurious cultivation method.

Currently, Yan Lie was only worried that he could not make full use of this Origin Energy to improve himself.

By the side, Xu Tui, who had treated his injuries, was also a little surprised. The energy concentration of the 17th circle was more than twice that of the 43rd circle. He estimated that the origin energy he absorbed in 18 minutes was equivalent to the energy contained in a gram of Origin Crystal. This speed was even faster than directly absorbing Origin Crystals.

Just as Xu Tui had analyzed for Yan Lie just now, the best time to cultivate and improve was before dawn. After dawn, there was a high chance that there would be a battle and chaos. Due to the high concentration of energy flowing everywhere, the accuracy of his mental perception was greatly affected.

Even Xu Tui’s mental senses, which had been strengthened by the Enhanced Origin Energy Targeted Mutation Elixir, were greatly affected, let alone others.

Originally, absorbing energy from all directions would condense into a dark-colored energy flow because the energy gathered at the mind power Origin Crystal.