Chapter 528 - 528 The Real Level 2 Genetic Ability Chain (2)

528 The Real Level 2 Genetic Ability Chain (2)

it. However, Xu Tui discovered a way to slack off a few minutes later.

The frequency and speed at which this chain passed through the genetic base points on a genetic ability chain was fixed. Actually, as long as he continuously injected Origin Energy into that fixed point, it could continuously absorb it.

Furthermore, it was the 21 genetic base points on this genetic ability chain that were continuously injected. This energy chain was equivalent to constantly absorbing Origin Energy to strengthen itself.

The enhancement was extremely fast. The only problem was that it was a waste of origin energy. He would have to waste at least half of his origin energy. However, under such a situation, was Xu Tui afraid of wasting his energy? He was afraid that he would not be able to improve himself.

For a moment, Xu Tui distributed the origin energy he absorbed into two groups.

One group continued to strengthen the genetic base points of the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field, while the other group gathered at the genetic base points of the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field to strengthen this energy chain.

The energy chain was strengthened very quickly when 21 genetic base points were injected at the same time. About 45 minutes later, the entire energy chain suddenly trembled violently. The bright light on the entire chain suddenly turned into silver light.

The moment the energy chain turned silver, the 21 genetic base points on the genetic ability chain suddenly shone with silver light. The dazzling silver light and the silver chain instantly became one. The entire genetic ability chain became silver and brilliant. It was like a silver bracelet that was shining brightly. The 21 genetic base points were like diamonds embedded in this silver bracelet, shining brightly.

Of course, the most fundamental difference was that they had become one. Before it was strengthened, this energy chain was like a line that simply connected the 21 genetic base points. But now, after this energy chain was strengthened to Level 2 Silver, this chain and genetic base points had fused into one. There was me in you, and there was you in me!

The connection was closer and more reliable. This was a true Level 2 genetic ability chain!

“It’s done!” Xu Tui could not suppress the surprise in his heart. He immediately activated the Vajra Barrier.

The faint golden Vajra Barrier looked like it had an additional layer of silver under Xu Tui’s careful perception. It was solid! It was tenacious!

The increase was huge. It was a 50% increase. The entire defense strength had definitely increased by more than 50%!

Xu Tui tried the Vajra Shield again. The fan-shaped Vajra Shield, which had a smaller area, was thicker. Compared to before, the power of the Vajra Shield had definitely doubled. This was only the first level of the Vajra Tide Force Field’s genetic ability chain that had been completely strengthened to Level 2.

In that case, after the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field’s genetic ability chain was completely strengthened to Level 2, the defense of the Vajra Barrier could still be greatly enhanced.

It would definitely double!

In that case, Xu Tui’s survivability on the battlefield would definitely increase greatly. Moreover, Xu Tui felt that if he strengthened the genetic ability chain of the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field to Level 2, the defense of the Vajra Barrier would definitely increase by more than double.

After all, the genetic ability chain of the second level of the Vajra Tide Force Field was the main body of the Vajra Barrier.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui immediately thought about how his abilities had not increased greatly even after the genetic base points of the genetic ability chain had been strengthened to Level 2.

That must be the reason!

The energy chain had not been strengthened completely. It had not completed the unified enhancement of the genetic base points and chain. As long as he strengthened the energy chain of the mental whip to Level 2 silver, the power of the mental whip would be greatly enhanced.

At the thought of this, Xu Tui split out a portion of the energy that he had absorbed into his body and began to use the same method as before to strengthen the chain of the mental whip.@@novelbin@@