Chapter 533 - 533 Everyone’S Chance

533 Everyone’s Chance

Moon base, in the office building of the India Sector’s integrated base. As a message came into view, Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, who was slowly sipping a cup of coffee, suddenly sat up straight and looked at the projection that had been turned on opposite him.

“It’s opened! Elder Itavi, the second passageway opened this year!”

Itavi, who was sitting opposite Nilab in his projection state with his eyes closed, slowly opened his eyes. His eyes were as dazzling as the stars on his old face. “Location?”

“The Abandoned Crater Castle in Area 24!”

“Alright, Nilab. You will be in full command of what happens next. I will control my consciousness branding body to proceed as planned. Just give me a signal when you need to activate it,” Itavi said slowly.

“It will be hard on you this time. If we succeed in establishing a Mars base in our sector, you will be the main contributor,” Nilab said sincerely.

“Not really. It’s just a collective effort!” At this point, Itavi sighed slightly. “Although the Blue Star is known as one in the extra-terrestrial, the distinction between races that has existed for thousands of years is not something that can be resolved in a few decades.

“We also have to have our own Mars base. By the way, you can inform Nort too. Don’t disturb me after that.” With that, Itavi closed his eyes again. His aura became mysterious and strange.

Nilab bowed slightly in greeting. Itavi was one of the four Planetary realm powerhouses in the India Sector. This time, in order to establish their own Mars base in the India Sector, he had been on standby in Phobos.

Soon, Nilab issued orders one after another.

“General Sotum, we will set off in five minutes. Before we set off, please follow the procedure and inform the Phobos Combat Command. At the same time, I will inform the other sectors of our actions,” Nilab said.

“Understood. Don’t worry, Director.”

“Alright, I look forward to your good news, future commander of the Mars base in the India Sector.”

“I definitely will.”

After the communication ended, Nilab connected to another communication channel. It was an encrypted channel. After the call was connected, a laugh came from the other end of the line. “Old friend, it looks like you’re very well-informed!”

“If we can’t even obtain this bit of information in time, then establishing a Mars base will probably be a joke.”

“Have you already started moving?”

“Yes, we have already started to act according to the plan! The cooperation between you and me should have begun, right?”

“Of course.”

“Happy cooperation.”

The laughter in the communication channel was very happy.

After making a few more calls, Nilab got up and walked to a quiet room on the top floor of the building.

In the quiet room, a bald man whose entire body exuded a sense of power was sitting cross-legged. The rich energy field power around his body actually formed a ball of light that enveloped him.

“Mr. Nort, please go to the Quantum Portal and preside over it for a few days. In the next few days, only our cultivators will be able to pass through the Quantum Portal.” Nilab bowed slightly.

Nort was also one of the four planetary-level powerhouses in the India Sector. Therefore, even though Nilab was the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, he had to maintain enough respect for him. He bowed slightly as he spoke.

Nort opened his eyes. The blood vessels on his bald head that were as thick as a little finger undulated like huge earthworms. They looked exceptionally ferocious. “Is that all?”

“That’s all.” Nilab nodded, then paused slightly. “If necessary, even if we have to activate the fluctuation seal of the Quantum Portal, we have to let our elites pass.”

Nort’s gaze shifted slightly when he heard that. Once the elites passed and caused the fluctuations of the Quantum Portal, it would not be able to stabilize for half a month. At that time, the Quantum Portal would be temporarily crippled. Once this happened, it would be more complicated and troublesome.

“As long as we can successfully establish our Mars base, everything will be worth it,” Nilab added.@@novelbin@@

“I’ll try my best, but I can’t guarantee that I can do it. Also, the trouble and consequences will be resolved by you.”

“No problem.

Then, Nort stood up and left with what Nilab had given him. Nilab heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Nort leave. He returned to his office. Many real-time communication channels had been established in his office.

Not long after, a projection screen switched to the front of the Quantum Portal fortress of the moon base. Nort’s arrival immediately attracted the attention of the people near the Quantum Portal.

Every Planetary realm powerhouse on the Blue Star was an existence that everyone looked up to. The Quantum Portal in the moon base could be said to be managed by many parties. However, there were still priorities.

For example, the most important management rights were supervised by the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College. The original Quantum Portal was discovered by Cai Shaochu, the current principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College.

However, due to the safety of their interests, the various alliances had sent people to take turns guarding the Quantum Portal.

“This is the approval document of the director of the Blue Star Genetic Committee and the commander-in-chief of the Moon Base, Raymont. This is the approval document of the Genetic Committee of the various sectors. Check it out.

“In the next seven days, we will take over the Quantum Portal. We will release our elite personnel through the Quantum Portal to guarantee the establishment of our base.”

Nort was a Planetary realm powerhouse. Of course, he would not talk nonsense. These chores were done by the adjutant who had come with Nort. Immediately, personnel from all over the sectors checked the documents. It was not a secret that the India Sector wanted to build a base on Mars. This was a public matter.

The various sectors were also supportive. Most of this support was verbal though. It was another matter if the India Sector wanted them to send elites to participate in the battle as there would definitely be sacrifices to build a Mars base.

The documents were all real. After the guards verified them, Nort walked to the entrance of the tunnel. Behind Nort were more than ten Genetic Evolution Realm experts from the India Sector and a large number of resources.

Each of their auras was obscure and powerful. It could be said that the Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators behind Nort were all peak-level Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators with extremely powerful combat strength.

Many people could even obtain the combat strength of a Genetic Transmutation Realm. However, due to the restrictions during the energy tide on the Mars battlefield, the price of a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert taking action was too high. Only Genetic Evolution Realm expert could pass through the Quantum Portal.

Therefore, almost all the Genetic Evolution Realm experts prepared by the India Sector this time were the peak-level experts. Of course, they were not all here. There was also a group of elites on standby who had taken the sky shuttle for nearly five months and arrived on Deimos with various supplies.

Everything was to establish their own Mars base in the India Sector.

The handover went smoothly. Soon, the staff of the India Sector behind Nort temporarily took over the entrance of the portal. Of course, the guards of the various sectors only temporarily handed the portal to the India Sector. They would not completely evacuate.

A large number of emergency supplies and personnel were transported to the vicinity of the portal to await orders.

The Quantum Portal could also be used to place emergency supplies. It was quite complicated. However, it was very convenient to place them.

Nort, who was sitting down, glanced at the Quantum Portal. His gaze changed. “There’s someone else inside? Why didn’t they come out?”

In the next moment, Mei Sen, the dean of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s Mystery Branch, stepped out from the inside, covered in the starlight of the Quantum Portal.

“Mr. Nort, I’ll leave the tunnel to you, but I’ll still guard the interior of the tunnel. I’ll also verify the flow of personnel and resources,” Mei Sen said.

“The traffic will definitely follow the rules. However, Dean Mei has been guarding for so many days. Do you want to rest? I’ll help you guard it. You should be able to rest without worry, right?” Nort, who had a bald head, reminded him with a smile.

“Without worry?” Mei Sen shook his head. “I’ll be more at ease if you don’t come. I’ll be even more worried when you do! This involves the return tunnel. I’d better guard it myself.”

“Dean Mei must be joking.” Nort smiled. He had just said it casually. It was not an emergency yet. There was no need for a conflict.

Mei Sen stepped back into the flickering entrance of the Quantum Portal.

As he spoke, a Genetic Evolution Realm expert from the India Sector stepped into the Quantum Portal with a large number of resources and instantly disappeared. The starlight of the Quantum Portal also trembled slightly before quickly stabilizing.

However, it would take an hour for him to use it again.

…

At the same time, Lieutenant General Wei Bin was also constantly issuing orders in the Huaxia Base of the Moon base. There were also abnormal movements in the Huaya Mars base.

It was not just the Huaxia Sector. Not long after the second Energy Overflow Tunnel was activated, the various alliances and Mars bases also took action. This time, Mars had opened the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. It was not only an opportunity for the India Sector, but also for the other sectors.

…

In Area 18, Xu Tui was making his final decision on the sky aircraft outside the first tunnel.

“You can decide. Your teacher is most likely in Area 24, which is near the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. You are the captain,” Yan Lie said.

Xu Tui nodded. Actually, when he first determined that An Xiaoxue was near the second Energy Overflow Tunnel, Xu Tui desperately wanted to appear there immediately. He was a little worried about An Xiaoxue. However, he immediately realized that he was worrying too much.

Did An Xiaoxue need his help and protection? There was a high chance that she didn’t need it. Even though Xu Tui’s strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, he still did not have the confidence to defeat An Xiaoxue. Xu Tui could not withstand the Dimensional Explosion. Similarly, there should not be many elites who could defeat An Xiaoxue. Even if they did, they were in the minority.

As long as An Xiaoxue was not surrounded, there would be no problems.

However, Xu Tui decided that he still had to go. He had to go to the second tunnel.

The first was for peace of mind. No matter how strong An Xiaoxue was, Xu Tui would feel more at ease when he saw her. In fact, if Xu Tui were to join forces with An Xiaoxue, most of the elites participating in the actual combat on Mars would have to retreat, right?

Secondly, and most importantly, a breakthrough!

An Xiaoxue had come to the Mars battlefield mainly to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm. Up until now, Xu Tui did not know what it was like to break through from the Genetic Mutation Realm to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

However, if Xu Tui could stay by An Xiaoxue’s side at the critical moment, he would be able to provide her with some convenience.

“I plan to go. It might be a little dangerous. Is that okay?” Xu Tui suddenly made a decision.

“Dangerous? If I was afraid of danger, I wouldn’t have come to the Mars battlefield!” Yan Lie smiled and had already intervened to pilot the sky aircraft and started to change directions. Moreover, if we rush over to the second tunnel now, with our strength, we will definitely have no problem entering the 15th or 20th circle. The rewards will only be greater!”

At this point, Yan Lie laughed first. “I feel that if we attack again, the Origin Crystals we obtain this time might exceed 500 grams!”

“How many grams are there now?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

“Now, including the previous 100 grams, the total harvest has just exceeded 300 grams!” Yan Lie had a smile on his face.