Chapter 539 - 539 The Stunned Bu Luo (2)

539 The Stunned Bu Luo (2)

At the top of the mountain, Bu Luo froze. He could take it so well? He guided the lightning hammer in his hand slightly, and the lightning that poured toward Xu Tui strengthened again. Bu Luo and Xu Tui were at loggerheads. Another bolt of lightning continued to pour out, wanting to kill Xu Tui.

The defensive power of the Vajra Barrier made Xu Tui reminisce. From the looks of it, the defense power of the Vajra Barrier had definitely increased by 1.2 times. Previously, in the first Energy Overflow Tunnel, the Vajra Barrier was shattered by Bu Luo’s lightning. At this moment, not only did he survive the first wave, but the Vajra Barrier was also fine under the continuous replenishment of Xu Tui’s energy field.

How ferocious!

However, Xu Tui immediately came to his senses. The energy field in his body was being rapidly consumed. Although the defense of the Vajra Barrier was powerful, it consumed a lot of energy to defend against Bu Luo’s attack. Most importantly, the energy field in Xu Tui’s body was not strong. He could not hold on for long.

He shifted his gaze and pulled out his mental vibrating whip. With a whip, the lightning stopped flowing.

Bu Luo was stunned. He was about to attack again, but in his mental perception, an extremely thick object blasted towards him, scaring Bu Luo so much that he activated his mind power domain to the limit.

However, Xu Tui’s mental hammer did not hit him. Instead, it blasted onto the Genetic Evolution Realm expert of the Fission Race who was fighting the water puppet. In the next moment, the Genetic Evolution Realm expert of the Fission Race was torn to pieces by the water puppet.

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. Was the water puppet that powerful? But it should be fierce. After all, Xu Tui had strengthened the Water Puppet Genetic Ability Chain to Level 2.

With this opportunity, Yan Lie killed the other two Genetic Mutation Realm experts in the blink of an eye.

They broke through the encirclement.

Xu Tui felt a little regretful when he saw the water puppet’s aura and power continuously depleting. His water puppet was different from a true supernatural-type water puppet. Supernatural-type water puppets were directly transformed from supernatural power. They used a portion of the supernatural power in their bodies as a guide.

Xu Tui had materialized it with his mind power. In terms of power, they were on par. Perhaps, Xu Tui’s water puppet might even be a little stronger. However, Xu Tui’s water puppet came from the water of the world. In other words, the more water there was in the surroundings, the longer Xu Tui’s water puppet would last. If there was a lack of water, the water puppet would not be able to last long.

Of course, the power of the supernatural-type water puppet would be greatly reduced in an environment without water. However, it will last much longer than Xu Tui’s water puppet. He did not have enough endurance!

The water puppet condensed from Yan Lie’s 1,000 milliliters of emergency water had already begun to shrink. At this rate, it would be destroyed in less than a minute. Otherwise, Xu Tui’s Water Puppet would definitely be a great combat power if it continued to exist.

In this short period of time, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had already entered the eighth and seventh circles. They could already see Bu Luo.

“Come, give me a shot first!” Yan Lie gulped down a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir and panted heavily. He had killed at least a hundred people. Yan Lie felt that he was about to reach his limit. Luckily, he had a Level B Active Energy Elixir.

Xu Tui immediately gave Yan Lie an instantiation treatment without holding back. The numb Yan Lie let out an extremely embarrassed moan on the spot. However, he did not pee! He had already adapted to Xu Tui’s continuous attacks. Of course, this was also the reason why Xu Tui was still holding back.

“Your water puppet looks like it’s about to dissipate. Can you strengthen or summon another one?” Yan Lie panted.

Xu Tui’s water puppet was very useful when it charged together with him. He only cared about unleashing his power to restrict the enemy and withstand the damage. It felt too good to kill. It felt even better than Xu Tui’s mental attack.

“I can summon it again if I have water. Do you have water?”@@novelbin@@

“Water?” Yan Lie shook his head. Suddenly, Yan Lie shook his head. “Does pee count as water? Do you want me to pee?”

“I’ll try if you can pee in this situation.” Xu Tui had a look of disdain.

Looking at the alien elites and human teams around him, Yan Lie was stunned and shook his head. It was not easy to pee under the gazes of so many people.

“That’s not right. I know about the various puppet techniques of the Supernatural Branch. No matter what the core is, isn’t energy the most important? There’s so much energy here.” Yan Lie questioned.

Yan Lie’s doubts stunned Xu Tui. It was correct in theory. The core of the water puppet was a little water, but the most important thing was energy. The energy of the water puppet that he conjured mainly came from Xu Tui’s mind power through the original quantum frequency of water. He needed water. But now, there was so much Origin Energy.

Even so, the water puppet could not directly use energy. Otherwise, the water puppet would be invincible in this extremely rich Origin Energy. But the water puppet could also obtain energy replenishment.

“Throw one of the water-type Origin Crystals into the body of the water puppet,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

“Okay!

In the next moment, Yan Lie threw a water-type Origin Crystal into the body of the water puppet. Xu Tui guided the water-type Origin Crystal with his mind power and quickly replenished the energy in the water puppet.

The external energy here was attributeless. However, the energy with attributes could replenish the consumption of the water puppet under the active guidance of Xu Tui’s mind power.

Visibly, the deflated water puppet was inflated again. It seemed to have become a little stronger. However, a water-type Origin Crystal that was more than a gram was gone just like that.

“Throw another one and give it some endurance!”

Yan Lie threw in three water-type Origin Crystals without hesitation. His heart did not ache at all! He had no choice. The Origin Crystals he and Xu Tui had obtained along the way had already exceeded 300 grams. His heart did not ache when he used them.

But Xu Tui’s heart ached. The corner of his lips twitched. That was four grams of Origin Crystals! The price of charging was a little high. Only a rich person like him could afford it! It was only because they were near the Energy Overflow Tunnel of the Mars battlefield. Otherwise, who could afford this thing?

In the next moment, Xu Tui and Yan Lie quickly entered the mountaintop under the cover of the huge water puppet.

Almost at the same time, the eyes of Bu Luo were extremely gloomy. Xu Tui had already displayed his extremely clear strategic intention to rush to the top of the mountain. Once this fellow charged forward, their idea of occupying the core of the tunnel would be over! Not only was he doomed, but he might also be in trouble!

“Get my order down, get your clansmen to cooperate and kill this guy. I’ll attack personally!” Bu Luo pointed at Xu Tui and shouted.

Golden Eagle and Huo Li only glanced at them before they immediately let out sharp cries. However, these alien elites could not be mobilized just because he wanted to. The human teams from all directions were not to be trifled with. The battle was extremely intense.

However, a large number of low-level Mechanical Spirits and low-level Fission Race beings were constantly strengthening and transforming. Under the rapid replacement, the Golden Eagle, Huo Li, and Bu Luo instantly pulled out four Genetic Evolution Realm experts to cooperate with Bu Luo to kill Xu Tui.

Two of the Mechanical Spirit Race’s Genetic Evolution Realm experts were standing above the floating mechanical spirit beasts. They were like two mobile cannons that were attacking Xu Tui from afar.

At the same time, one Genetic Evolution Realm expert was fighting the water puppet, while the other was fighting Yan Lie. Bu Luo personally took action with the cooperation of the two Mechanical Spirit Race’s Genetic Evolution Realm experts. The lightning hammers continued to strike out, interweaving into a fine lightning net that enveloped Xu Tui. He stared intently at Xu Tui.

His eyes were filled with anger, killing intent, and ferocity.

Shame! He, the leader of the Dissimilate Clan’s invasion, Bu Luo, had actually failed to kill a human at the Genetic Mutation Realm. This made the proud Bu Luo abnormally angry. He had even been hit by Xu Tui’s hammer. He was shocked by the hammer. He had fooled him!

Bu Luo was really angry. He wanted to kill Xu Tui quickly. Lightning poured out, lightning nets weaved, and thunder shook the sky! The attack was shocking! However, it was also very infuriating, making Bu Luo very confused.

That was because no matter how shocking Bu Luo’s attack was, Xu Tui would send a mental vibrating whip through the air. Then, all the lightning and lightning nets dissipated. He could not hurt Xu Tui.

If the other two Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Evolution Realm had not chased Xu Tui away like a monkey, Bu Luo would have been like a clown. Although he said that he wanted to kill Xu Tui, his attacks were very stupid. The damage was not great, but it was extremely insulting.

Bu Luo’s eyes were about to turn red as he stared at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui, who had been blasted like a monkey by the two Mechanical Spirits at the Genetic Evolution Realm, suddenly had a thought when he saw Bu Luo’s crazy expression.

It seemed that… he could try that!