Chapter 538 - 538 The Stunned Bu Luo (1)

538 The Stunned Bu Luo (1)

The moment the silver light exploded, the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle instantly exploded into a ball of golden light. This was what the naked eye could see.

In Xu Tui’s mental perception, the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle had used its racial ability to save its life again. It instantly split into more than a dozen clones. However, one of the balls of golden light that was not small was directly exploded by An Xiaoxue’s silver light.

The golden light emitted by the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle immediately fused, but its aura was clearly weaker. It was about 10% weaker!

Xu Tui had a headache halfway up the mountain. The elites of the Fission Race were really difficult to kill. If they could not quickly and accurately blow up their energy cores, it would be very difficult to kill them in an instant.

The Fission Race’s Golden Eagle, whose aura had decreased by 10%, became extremely careful. While he stared intently at An Xiaoxue, he could not help but divert his attention to look around. Someone had ambushed him just now! And it was with an extremely special method. If he was not strong, he might have been killed by An Xiaoxue just now.

“Bu Luo, there are foreign enemies. You go!”

Bu Luo was also shocked. He had been hit by the mental hammer just now and was almost in a dizzy state. If not for the fact that Huo Li had used all his strength to restrain An Xiaoxue, he would have been in danger of dying. Who could it be?

Due to the terrain, he could not see the end of the mountain. That was why the Golden Eagle had called Bu Luo over. Bu Luo’s mental perception instantly spread down the crater.

In the 11th circle, Xu Tui was fighting a bitter battle. He and Yan Lie had already fallen into a bitter battle when he was distracted by saving An Xiaoxue just now. He was surrounded by six alien elites.

Among the six people besieging him, there were three Genetic Evolution Realm experts. Most importantly, the cooperation of the six alien elites was too adept. The three of them controlled the rhythm of the battle from afar, separating Xu Tui and Yan Lie. The other three melee fighters forced Xu Tui into a flurry. He was in a situation where he could only deal with it and could not retaliate.

There was a price to pay for saving An Xiaoxue just now. If he had not delayed those ten seconds, Xu Tui would have been able to kill one or two of them before the alien elites surrounded him.

Boom! A whirlwind flashed past, and Yan Lie, who had been swept by it, was covered in injuries. Cracks had already appeared on the Vajra Barrier around Xu Tui. Xu Tui was attacked by two Genetic Evolution Realm elites and two Genetic Mutation Realm elites. It was a close call. He continued to punch with his mental hammer. Every hammer could make the opponent’s mind shake or even fall on the spot.

However, the four people surrounding Xu Tui did not give him a chance to finish him off. It would only take a second or two for the person who had been hit to recover.

Xu Tu was too tired to use his flying sword to attack. Yan Lie spat out blood and glanced at Xu Tui from time to time. There was a request in his eyes. He wanted to create an opportunity for Xu Tui. Even if he had to risk being severely injured, they would be able to win as long as he created an opportunity for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not allow it. If he allowed Yan Lie to be seriously injured in exchange for an opportunity, he would be able to obtain a victory and survive the crisis in front of him. However, Xu Tui would not be able to charge forward after that. He did not even have the chance to get close to An Xiaoxue.@@novelbin@@

An opportunity! Where was the opportunity?

“Do you still have the emergency water for your combat uniform?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Not far away, Yan Lie blinked slightly. After a few days of battle, Xu Tui and Yan Lie had formed a set of communication methods. Yan Lie responded with his body language.

“Now, spill it on your opponent.”

In the next moment, the injured Yan Lie suddenly stabbed his saber into the emergency water bag at his waist. Under the effect of his skill, about 1,000 milliliters of emergency water in the water bag instantly shot out and sprayed in the direction of his opponent.

The moment the water spurted out, Xu Tui’s mind power instantly intervened and materialized. A huge aqua-blue water puppet instantly appeared. It pounced toward the Fission Race member who was chasing after Yan Lie with a thought.

Yan Lie was instantly freed. He knew what to do next even without Xu Tui’s instructions. In a flash, Yan Lie appeared beside a Dissimilate Clan member who was attacking Xu Tui. At this moment, Xu Tui hammered down with his mental hammer. The saber light flashed, and the energy field exploded!

Headshot!

Yan Lie flashed again.

Whoosh!

The flying sword that Xu Tui was tired of dealing with finally had an opportunity. It killed a Genetic Mutation Realm expert with one strike. It was also at this moment that a roar sounded. Lightning instantly descended from the sky. Xu Tui was caught off guard and was directly covered by the lightning.

Bu Luo! Damn it, it was Bu Luo again!

Xu Tui reacted the moment he was struck by the lightning. Bu Luo had come looking for him.

Bu Luo first recognized Xu Tui through his mental perception. Then, he immediately determined that the person who had tricked them just now was Xu Tui from the way Xu Tui fought the enemy. There was no need for any confirmation. Bu Luo directly struck Xu Tui with lightning from afar.

Of course, there were also benefits. The pressure on An Xiaoxue was greatly reduced. The Fission Race’s Golden Eagle clones had been destroyed. He was very careful at this moment. When Bu Luo turned to deal with Xu Tui, the pressure on An Xiaoxue was instantly reduced by half.

Yan Lie was shocked! He was really shocked the moment Xu Tui was struck by the lightning. The last time Xu Tui was hit by lightning, he had to dodge three times before he was hit by the lightning. This time, it hit Xu Tui straight on.

That power… At the thought of this, Yan Lie’s liver trembled! However, he was helpless.

Xu Tui was also shocked by the lightning. He only had one thought in his mind. He frantically injected his energy field power. Under the lightning, Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier began to tremble rapidly. However, as he injected a large amount of energy field power, the Vajra Barrier stabilized.