Chapter 530 - 530 An Inevitable Battle (2)

530 An Inevitable Battle (2)

After that, Xu Tui strengthened his three anti-dizziness genetic base points to Level 2 silver. Then, it was the genetic base points of the mental chain. By 6:30 in the morning, Xu Tui had already strengthened eight of the 72-point Genetic Ability Chain to Level 2 silver.

Xu Tui could clearly feel that his mind power had increased by a certain amount. At the same time, the genetic ability chains of mental perception, mind power strength, mental chain, and water puppet had also been completely strengthened to Level 2 genetic ability chain. His various abilities had improved greatly.

Xu Tui had gained a lot that night.

As the sky gradually lit up, the nearby alien invasion elites gradually noticed something amiss. In fact, many human elites had already attracted the attention of the nearby alien invasion elites when they used their various abilities last night. But many alien invasion elites thought that it was just a few individuals.

As the sky gradually lit up, these extraterrestrial invasion elites were shocked to discover that the humans could directly absorb energy into their bodies. And not just one or two! It was in batches!

This discovery made the alien invasion elites a little flustered. There was definitely a problem. In the past, the humans would only stand here and confront them, watching them obtain benefits. But now, a portion of the elites of the human race could directly absorb energy into their bodies like them.

These alien invasion elites knew too well what this meant. The strategic significance was extremely great.

The opinions were constantly transmitted and gathered. Black Eagle, Bu Luo, and Golden Eagle, who were the leaders of the three elite alien invading races, also communicated frequently.

“I have to think of a way to figure out what happened. Why can a human who can’t directly absorb energy suddenly absorb energy? What is the key point for humans to directly absorb energy?”

“We have to take action. Otherwise, our situation next year will probably become very difficult!”

“If we can’t even figure out such a small change, the higher-ups will only treat us as trash!”

“I’ve already reported it to the higher-ups through a special method. However, we have to take action before the orders come!”

Soon, they reached an agreement. Not long after, as the sky lit up, these alien invasion elites began to give up on the confrontation and take the initiative to organize an attack on the human team. Furthermore, it was a joint attack from all regions.@@novelbin@@

It was a little like how Xu Tui had contacted the human teams from various regions to launch a joint attack. However, the communication between these elite alien invaders was more obvious, especially between species. They basically relied on shouting, unlike Xu Tui, who did it suddenly.

The human team also made preparations. However, the purpose of these alien invasion elites was very clear. They wanted to attack those elites who could directly absorb energy. They even had the intention to capture them alive. Furthermore, it was a full-scale connection.

The expressions of Zhu Lang and the other strategic coordinators instantly became nervous. The reaction of the alien invasion elites was even more serious than they had expected. This was the trend of an all-out war in the energy overflow combat circle.

In that case, the human race might suffer greatly.

The reason was simple.

Although humans could directly absorb energy through the transit device to increase their strength, they were still far inferior to the direct use of energy by the alien invasion elites. Even if these elite alien invaders were seriously injured, they could quickly recover from their injuries as long as they stood in the energy overflow circle. It was equivalent to pulling a supply cart with them. They would have extremely strong continuous combat abilities.

Human elites did not have the ability. However, this battle triggered by the invention of the human race’s direct absorption of energy seemed to be inevitable.

The battle had already begun!

On Xu Tui’s side, Yan Lie, who had been cultivating, also stopped cultivating. He looked at Xu Tui.