Chapter 536 - 536 An Xiaoxue’S Defence (2)

536 An Xiaoxue’s Defence (2)

“Go!” With a soft shout, Yan Lie disappeared. Xu Tui’s four flying swords flew out as if they were one. They instantly shuttled back and forth in front of him.

In an instant, more than 30 mechanical spirit beasts and fission beasts that were absorbing energy 100 meters away were directly killed by the flying sword. Some of them had their energy cores destroyed by a sword, while others had their energy cores shattered by a flying sword. The area in front of them instantly became empty. The pressure on the nearby human teams was greatly reduced.

At the same time, the three elites of the Fission Race suddenly turned their heads to look at Xu Tui. One of the Genetic Evolution Realm Fission Race instantly soared into the air and charged toward Xu Tui.

Bang! The mental hammer smashed down!

The Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator from the Fission Race, who had just charged over, seemed to have become stupid after being hit by the hammer. His energy core was destroyed by Xu Tui’s main flying sword.

The other two Fission Race members were stunned. They were shocked. Just as they were distracted, Yan Lie’s figure appeared. His energy field directly exploded another elite of the fission race at the Genetic Mutation Realm.

The sharp sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out slightly. Another Fission Race member at the Genetic Mutation Realm was pierced through and exploded by Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Currently, Xu Tui did not even need to use his mental hammer to deal with a Genetic Mutation Realm expert.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie quickly advanced. In less than a minute, they had entered the 40th circle of the second energy overflow circle. But the situation is chaotic now. It had not formed a stable confrontation, nor had it formed combat squares.

However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie, who had entered an uninhabited area, had an opening behind them. A smart human team had already followed behind Xu Tui and Yan Lie and taken the opportunity to expand their space.

An elite of the Mechanical Spirit Clan sitting on a floating mechanical spirit beast saw this scene. He suddenly let out a terrifying roar. As he let out a long howl, the low-level mechanical spirit beasts that were frantically absorbing energy nearby seemed to have heard his orders. They charged toward Xu Tui from all directions.

There were more than a hundred low-level mechanical spirit beasts. The lowest were triangular mechanical spirit beasts and six floating mechanical spirit beasts. A floating mechanical spirit beast represented a cultivator who had just stepped into the Genetic Evolution Realm.

He ordered the evolved mechanical spirit beasts here to attack Xu Tui.

Yan Lie glanced at Xu Tui and quickly rushed out to step on a path of dust. Rocks were kicked into the air. Yan Lie stepped on the rocks and soared into the air. He nimbly flipped onto the back of a floating mechanical spirit beast.

The saber light pierced into the back of the floating mechanical spirit beast. The back of the mechanical spirit beast also spat out countless energy lights.

Xu Tui was not anxious at all when the hundreds of Mechanical Spiritual Beasts charged over. The mental hammer slammed into the head of the elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race, who was more than a hundred meters away.

The Mechanical Spirit Race was also intelligent. They were still shaken by the mental hammer.

The flying sword roared! In the next moment, a piercing silver light exploded. The floating mechanical spirit beast under the elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race used one of its wings to turn into an extremely thick shield to block Xu Tui’s flying sword.

The elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race, who had recovered from the mental shock, was shocked. The light on his arm flickered and turned into a cannon arm. A laser-like stream of light shot toward Xu Tui. At the same time, the hundreds of low-level Mechanical Spirits under his command also surrounded Xu Tui.

If Xu Tui missed, he would no longer have the chance to kill the elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race. At this moment, Yan Lie had just killed the first floating mechanical spirit beast and jumped onto the back of the second one.

The Mechanical Spirit on the back of the floating mechanical spirit beast had a ferocious expression. Next, this human would definitely die!

“Suppress!”

The Mountain Formula! Under the instantiation of his mind power, small mountains suddenly materialized and slammed down.

The low-level mechanical spirit beasts that pounced in front of Xu Tui were like ants that had been stepped on by a giant. They instantly turned into scrap metal and disintegrated into countless mechanical alloys. They dug into the ground.

Bang bang bang bang! Continuous explosions rang out. More than half of the hundreds of low-level Mechanical Spirits who were charging toward Xu Tui from all directions were killed.

The elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race was extremely shocked. The four earth spikes pierced through the low-level Mechanical Spirit that was pouncing on Xu Tui’s back. Xu Tui’s flying sword suddenly slashed toward the floating Mechanical Spirit that the elite was riding on.

The elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race would naturally not let Xu Tui succeed. An energy shield instantly appeared, wanting to save it.@@novelbin@@

The mental hammer slammed down. One hammer and the energy shield dissipated. The flying sword pierced through the head of the floating mechanical spirit beast. Then he hammered another time. Xu Tui’s flying sword pierced through the head of the elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race the moment he fell from the sky.

As the flying sword flashed, another piece of Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy was strung back by the flying sword. As Xu Tui kept them, he killed the three floating mechanical spirit beasts one by one.

The three mountains exploded!

At this moment, Yan Lie, who had just killed the third floating mechanical spirit beast, appeared beside Xu Tui, panting. Looking at the results, he could not help but sigh. “You’re still the best. Let me recharge first.” Yan Lie raised his head and drank a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir.

Xu Tui thought about it and drank a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir. He would recover his mind power first. In the next moment, Xu Tui activated his flying sword and charged toward the inner circle again.

Together, the two of them pushed into the inner circle like a harvester. With Xu Tui and Yan Lie paving the way, the pressure on the human teams nearby was greatly reduced. When a strategic coordinator saw this, he quickly instructed the special combat teams nearby to support the other teams.