Chapter 532 - 532 The Second Energy Overflow Tunnel And An Xiaoxue’S Whereabouts

532 The Second Energy Overflow Tunnel and An Xiaoxue’s Whereabouts

Batches of extraterrestrial elites quickly evacuated the energy overflow circle. Black Eagle and the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, did not move. However, outside the inner circle, it instantly became a mess.

The alien elites charged away in groups while the human teams pursued them. In the chaos, alien elites were constantly being killed. There were also casualties in the human teams.

The situation was extremely chaotic. In such a chaotic situation, one might be attacked from both sides if they were not careful. As a team that only had two people, Xu Tui and Yan Lie were almost back to back. Yan Lie stared intently at the fluctuations within a ten-meter radius.

Xu Tui’s flying sword continued to attack. It was extremely dangerous in this chaotic state, but it was also full of opportunities. With a flash of the flying sword, an alien elite was killed.

After the flying sword flashed more than ten times, Xu Tui was suddenly shocked. Black Eagle, the elite leader of the Mechanical Spirit Race in the inner circle, suddenly glanced at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui was shocked at first. Then, he looked back at it. Black Eagle was stern. It was also at this moment that Xu Tui released his mental perception. The color of wind and fire suddenly appeared between the fingers of the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen.

Black Eagle stared at Xu Tui as quickly as it could. Its attention then turned to Li Zhouchen. The color of the wind and fire in Li Zhouchen’s palm had not disappeared, but a light blue energy directly surged into Li Zhouchen’s body.

Li Zhouchen was also constantly absorbing energy to cultivate. Black Eagle frowned slightly and looked into the distance. The energy tide this year seemed to be different.

The chaos lasted for less than five minutes before the energy overflow circle returned to calm. More than half of the alien invasion elites had left, especially the experts in the inner circle. For example, the Fission Golden Eagle, Bu Luo, and the others had all left. There were also some human teams who chased after them, but not many of them left.

For a moment, many battle slots were emptied in the inner circle. Xu Tui and Yan Lie stepped into the eighth circle without any obstruction. The intensity of the energy when he stepped into the eighth circle shocked Xu Tui again. The energy concentration of the eighth circle was basically double that of the 17th circle. Cultivating here for an hour was equivalent to cultivating for two hours in the 17th circle.

Xu Tui saw Luo Murong here. He was dressed in Hanfu and had a blue saber in his hand. He looked exceptionally heroic. However, what was going on with so many alien elites leaving?

At this moment, Zhu Lang and the other strategic coordinators suddenly started to wander around. Under their instructions, the top elite students of the various sectors, such as Bobran, Dan Li, and Zhao Hailong, left in batches. Not long after, Luo Murong also left.

Xu Tui was very curious.

Not long after, Zhu Lang finally arrived in front of Xu Tui and Yan Lie. Xu Tui and Yan Lie, who had been waiting for a while, were a little anxious.@@novelbin@@

“The second Energy Overflow Tunnel has been activated. They are all rushing to the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. What about you guys? Do you want to go over?” Zhu Lang asked.

“The second Energy Overflow Tunnel was opened this year?”

“It’s normal! In recent years, there would sometimes be times when two Energy Overflow Tunnels were activated.” Zhu Lang said.

Xu Tui had learned a lot from his exchange with Feng Xuanbiao at the Huaya Mars Base about the establishment of a Mars base in the India Sector. The India Sector was not strong, so they would not try to build a new base if they only had a single Energy Overflow Tunnel. However, once two Energy Overflow Tunnels appeared, the India Sector might take action.

To be honest, Xu Tui had never had a good impression of the India Sector ever since the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Xu Tui thought about many things when he received this news. However, what he thought about the most was whether rushing over now was equivalent to helping the India Sector. Moreover, the area of the tunnel was also guarded.

Xu Tui did not want to move. More importantly, the newly opened tunnel would definitely be turbulent. A large number of elites had left the tunnel so the Energy Overflow Tunnel would be stabilized for a period of time. Xu Tui could cultivate peacefully for a period of time.

“Commander Zhu, will there be any action from the India Sector? You sent so many people over, right?”

Zhu Lang glanced at Xu Tui. “It’s also a good thing if the India Sector can really establish a Mars base. The Blue Star humans are one.” Also, the human teams that went over just now were not sent over. We only informed them before they rushed over themselves,” Zhu Lang added.

“They decided to rush over themselves?” Xu Tui suddenly felt that he had neglected an important question. These elites of the human team were not stupid. Why did they voluntarily head to the second Energy Overflow Tunnel?

“Based on past experience, after the second Energy Overflow Tunnel is activated, the number of energy and Origin Crystals spewing out of the first Energy Overflow Tunnel will continue to decrease! An hour later, the spewing volume here might decrease to 50% or even less than before.” Zhu Lang seemed to understand the factor that Xu Tui had neglected.

“I see!” Xu Tui finally understood. “Commander Zhu, do the Phobos and our Huaya Sector’s Mars base have any requests?”

“No. However, just like before, you will be rewarded with basic contribution points if you head to the vicinity of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel.”

“Understood.”

“Are you guys going or not so that I can coordinate?” Zhu Lang asked.

Xu Tui did not decide immediately. This was a matter between the two of them. He looked at Yan Lie. Yan Lie only said, “You are the captain. You have the final say.”

Xu Tui was a little amused. Yan Lie had actually admitted his position as the captain. This was a good thing.

“Let’s not go first. We’ll cultivate here for a while.”

“Alright.”

After Zhu Lang left, Xu Tui and Yan Lie began to cultivate quickly while they remained vigilant. However, Xu Tui was also a little worried when he was quickly cultivating. Where was Miss An Xiaoxue? Where could she be?

An Xiaoxue had told Xu Tui that she had come to the Mars battlefield mainly to break through. At that time, Xu Tui did not understand. But he understood now.

An Xiaoxue most likely wanted to use the rich energy on the Mars battlefield to complete the final breakthrough and quickly increase her strength. But other than a few energy fluctuations on the Mars battlefield, the place with the strongest energy was the Energy Overflow Tunnel.

Yet, he did not see An Xiaoxue here. So where did An Xiaoxue go? Moreover, before this, An Xiaoxue did not know how to directly absorb energy. She should be looking for Origin Crystals to absorb energy to break through. However, the place with the most Origin Crystals was still the Energy Overflow Tunnel. And he did not see An Xiaoxue here.

It would have been fine if he did not think about it. However, Xu Tui became a little worried when he thought about it.

An Xiaoxue was strong. Although she was at the peak of the Genetic Mutation Realm, she had the combat strength of a Level C or Level B Genetic Evolution Realm. She was extremely powerful!

In the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, she was one of the strongest teachers in the Genetic Evolution Realm. However, the problem was, how many Genetic Evolution Realm experts had died on the Mars battlefield?

Xu Tui had killed several of them.

Xu Tui had sent a request to the Phobos’ Combat Command to contact An Xiaoxue. However, there had been no reply. Suddenly, he felt a little afraid.

Could An Xiaoxue really… Xu Tui could not sit still when he thought of this. Suddenly, cultivation was no longer fragrant.

“Yan Lie, I… I want to return to the sky aircraft. I have to leave for a while.”

“Why? What’s the matter?”

“I sent a request to Phobos to contact my teacher. This night has passed. I want to see if there is a response,” Xu Tui said.

“Then let’s go.”

“Then here…”

“So many elites have left. With our strength, we could easily kill our way back. We didn’t even need to kill them to walk back.” Yan Lie smiled.

“Okay!

There were basically no surprises when they left the area guarded by the human team. Five minutes later, the sky aircraft that had been cruising nearby landed in front of Xu Tui and Yan Lie, who had left the energy overflow combat circle.

Xu Tui quickly boarded the aircraft. After verifying his identity, he checked the information on the sky aircraft.

A minute later, Xu Tui was disappointed. There was no transfer message from Phobos. In other words, Phobos did not contact An Xiaoxue. Or rather, An Xiaoxue did not actively contact Phobos.

Where exactly was An Xiaoxue? Would something really happen to her? Xu Tui’s heart skipped a beat. Even his expression did not look good.

“What happened?”

“My teacher is also on the Mars battlefield, but I can’t contact her.” Xu Tui’s face was a little pale. He was purely scaring himself.

“That’s it?”

“I haven’t been able to find her.”

“Sigh, you’re so stupid!” Ever since the two of them had formed a team, Yan Lie had successfully despised Xu Tui for once. “It’s very simple to solve. Give out missions. You don’t lack contribution points.”

“What do you mean?” Xu Tui had not turned around for a moment.

“Our sky aircraft has a public communication channel with the various Mars bases. The previous missions were released through this channel. Not only could the various bases and official organizations issue missions, but individuals could also issue missions. You could just issue a mission to find An Xiaoxue.

“In order to increase everyone’s enthusiasm, give out some contribution points as a reward. I guarantee that someone will help you find her,” Yan Lie said.

Slap! Xu Tui slapped himself on the head. He had not thought of such a simple method.

“If you want to issue a bounty, you have to apply to the Phobos’ Combat Command first. They have to approve it. However, as long as you have enough contribution points, the review will be very fast.”

Xu Tui nodded vigorously. He thought about it and sent a bounty mission. “Those who can provide the whereabouts of An Xiaoxue, a teacher from the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, will be rewarded with 100 contribution points.”

“You’re crazy. This is too much!” Yan Lie suddenly stopped Xu Tui. “10 points. 10 points is enough. Contribution points are very valuable. Those who can provide images or immediate whereabouts will be rewarded with 100 contribution points.” Yan Lie was also very meticulous.

“Alright.”

Soon, Xu Tui issued the bounty according to Yan Lie’s request. In less than a minute, Phobos passed the bounty.

Xu Tui had also seen this mission on the reward channel of the sky aircraft. It could be said that anyone who had a sky aircraft on the entire Mars battlefield could see this bounty. The reward was not high as it was just a reply.

Soon, the letter box of the sky aircraft rang continuously. Xu Tui received more than a dozen messages in just a few minutes.

“We met Miss An Xiaoxue in Area 24 three days ago.”

“Two and a half days ago, we received help from Miss An Xiaoxue in Area 24.”

...

More than a dozen messages pointed to an area, Area 24 of Mars. An Xiaoxue has been active in Area 24 of Mars. Xu Tui and Yan Lie were active in Area 18 of Mars. One of them even uploaded a video of An Xiaoxue’s attack. He attached the specific coordinates and took away 100 points.

“Quick, delete the bounty and let the mission be completed,” Yan Lie said anxiously.

Xu Tui was greatly relieved after confirming An Xiaoxue’s whereabouts. Dozens of contribution points did not matter. He had a lot of contribution points now. He could be considered a rich man! He was not afraid!

However, he still quickly closed the bounty mission. He could not waste the money.

“Area 24, Abandoned Crater Castle. The approximate coordinates are 4,657.4,952.”

Just as Xu Tui was thinking, Yan Lie suddenly froze. “Xu Tui, isn’t this the coordinates of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel?”

In the next moment, Xu Tui froze.