Chapter 531 - 531 Sneaking Them Up

531 Sneaking Them Up

“Should we go for another wave?” Yan Lie moved closer to Xu Tui. His eyes were a little violent and excited. He had been holding his breath after being injured last night.

At this moment, a third of the human teams had begun to participate in the battle. The war was getting wider. However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie were not affected for the time being.

It was mainly because Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s performance last night was very eye-catching. Their combat strength was extremely powerful. For the time being, no alien invasion elites took the initiative to provoke Xu Tui and Yan Lie.

However, Yan Lie could not sit still anymore. He wanted to kill someone.

“How’s your improvement?”

“How should I put it? The power of two abilities has increased by more than 50%. The increase of the other two abilities is also 30%. My speed, power, and energy field increased by about 20%. I feel that my strength has increased very quickly! The cultivation last night was equivalent to four to five months of bitter cultivation on the Blue Star,” Yan Lie replied.

“If the enhancement effect is good enough, then continue to cultivate. After all, this opportunity is rare.”

Xu Tui’s words stunned Yan Lie. “We’re not participating in the battle. Are we just going to watch?”

“Who said we are not participating in the battle?”

“Then what you mean is…”

“We can’t rush forward like yesterday. We rushed forward last night to enter the inner circle and obtain a good cultivation effect. However, if we continued to charge forward like yesterday, we would probably be focused on after a few rounds. The pressure of the entire nearby battle circle would be on us. No matter what, there are only two of us,” Xu Tui said.

Yan Lie looked at the team fighting the alien invasion elites in the distance and was a little envious. Deep down, he liked to fight. “So what do we do?”

“We played recklessly yesterday, so we’re going to play dirty today.”

“How do you play dirty?”

“Cultivate with all your might first. Listen to me when I need you to move out.”

“Okay! Yan Lie agreed readily. After he agreed, he realized that wasn’t this a little like that? He had to attack just because Xu Tui roared?@@novelbin@@

While Yan Lie started cultivating again, Xu Tui began to observe the situation in all directions. To be precise, he was absorbing energy to cultivate while being on guard and observing the battle situation. However, due to his distraction, his cultivation speed was only half of what it was before. Despite that, it was not bad.

If it continued, he would be able to strengthen three to four genetic base points to Level 2 silver in an hour. If it could last for a day or two, Xu Tui might be able to strengthen all the activated genetic base points in his body to Level 2 silver.

If he had more time, Xu Tui could even try to strengthen one or two to Level 3 Genetic Base Points. He wanted to see what kind of changes could happen.

Suddenly, Xu Tui saw the fire-element Fission Race supernatural being who had attacked him last night participate in the battle. He fought together with more than ten alien elites near him against the three human teams nearby. The battle was intense.

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face when he saw this. The main flying sword that had been circling above his head began to slowly accelerate.

In the 15th circle, the fire-type supernatural being of the Fission Race was enjoying himself. Those with supernatural powers were also the main force of output among the alien elites. While he was enjoying himself, he suddenly felt an inexplicable shock. He was shocked when he saw a silver light flash past his eyes. In an instant, indescribable pain spread out from his energy core.

“F*ck, I was ambushed by Xu Tui, who wasn’t killed yesterday. This sneak attack was so fast and sudden…” This was the last consciousness of the fire-type supernatural being.

The alien elites who were fighting the human teams were stunned. Someone roared at the alien invasion elites near Xu Tui. “What are you doing? You actually gave your enemies time to ambush us! Bastards!”

However, no matter how they cursed, the most direct outcome of Xu Tui’s sword was that they would be defeated on the spot. Due to his distraction, another alien elite was killed by the human team on the spot.

It was also at this moment that the four alien invasion elites in the 16th circle carefully pressed toward Xu Tui and Yan Lie in a defensive posture.

The Mountain Formula!

In an instant, a small mountain with a radius of ten meters pressed down on the four of them. Xu Tui could sense that the small mountain was still materialized and illusory. However, there was a feeling that the interior of the small mountain had become solid.

An alien invasion elite punched out, intending to shatter Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula. But he was a little stunned when he punched out. His fist shadow shattered, but the small mountain that was rapidly descending did not shatter. It only swayed for a moment.

The four alien invasion elites were stunned. At this moment, the small mountain that had not been shattered was already above their heads. They had also missed the best opportunity to dodge. The four of them could only choose to take it head-on. They attacked Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula at the same time.

Four earth spikes instantly rose from the ground. It was fast, accurate, and hard! The piercing sounds did not stop.

Two of them were pierced on the spot. The other Mechanical Spirit was agile and dodged. However, just as he dodged, Yan Lie’s saber light appeared and pierced his energy core.

The flying sword passed through.

Quadruple kill!

This scene terrified the elite alien invaders from all directions. Why did it feel like Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s strength had increased greatly in just one night?

The human elites were envious.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie slowly walked towards the 16th circle.

When Xu Tui’s gaze landed on the earth-element superb individual who had attacked Xu Tui yesterday in the 14th circle, the elite of the Dissimilate Clan trembled in fear. He instantly gave up on the battle and retreated further back. Damn it, he could not afford to offend him!

Xu Tui’s flying sword was too powerful. If Xu Tui’s flying sword had struck him while he was fighting, no one would have been able to take it.

However, the sound of Xu Tui’s flying sword still rang out. The sound of the supersonic flying sword piercing through the air rang out. The silver light had already flashed and appeared in the 12th circle.

The energy core of the Mechanical Spirit elite who had joined forces to attack Xu Tui yesterday was pierced through by Xu Tui’s sword. He disintegrated into countless limbs and fused to the ground.

However, Xu Tui’s flying sword was fast enough.

The moment the Mechanical Spirit elite’s dead body disintegrated into limbs, the flying sword spun and quickly returned with a piece of Mechanical Spirit Alloy. He took out the electrostatic field shield bag and put away the Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy. Xu Tui’s flying sword began to circle above his head again.

In the distance, the elites of the alien invasion who were fighting stopped and retreated, assuming a defensive posture. They had been frightened by Xu Tui’s flying sword. In reality, the elite of the Mechanical Spirit Clan that Xu Tui had killed just now was 100 meters away from Xu Tui. Moreover, he was killed in one strike. Who wouldn’t be afraid?

In an instant, the originally chaotic battle circle nearby suddenly became calm. If the human team attacked, they would retreat. They were not afraid of the human team. They were afraid that Xu Tui’s flying sword would ambush them from behind. This speed, power, and accuracy were precise.

Xu Tui was a little depressed. This reaction was too fast. However, he was not in a hurry. He immediately activated the Vajra Barrier. The flying sword above his head circled around as he cultivated. He would take his time. There was no hurry!

The human teams nearby were all elites and were not stupid. They would take the initiative to attack when they had the chance. As long as they forced the enemy to be unable to be distracted during the attack, Xu Tui’s divine cooperation would appear. With a flash of silver light, he could kill an enemy with one strike. Then, they could take advantage of the situation to expand their gains.

In less than an hour, Xu Tui’s flying sword had become a nuclear deterrent.

Within a 100-meter radius of Xu Tui, anyone who fought with a human team would pull out one to two supernatural beings or elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race. They would stare intently at Xu Tui’s flying sword to guard against it.

Once Xu Tui’s flying sword was activated, they, who had been watching closely, would attack at lightning speed and block Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Within 20 minutes, Xu Tui’s flying sword attacked four times but was blocked three times. The elites of the 10th circle of alien invasion were not weak either. The number of the Genetic Evolution Realm elites was already very high.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie made it to the 15th circle. The earth-element superb individual from the Dissimilate Clan who had avoided Xu Tui earlier had already retreated 150 meters away from Xu Tui, afraid that Xu Tui would kill him. This distance finally made him feel much more at ease. He began to participate in the nearby battles in peace.

A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face. He did not look. He only used his mental perception to observe the situation of their battle.

A minute later, the earth-element superb individual began to exchange blows with a fire-element superb individual from the human team. Comparatively, the human fire-type supernatural being was at a disadvantage. His attack was very strong, but the earth-element superb individual of the Dissimilate Clan poured water to protect his body. Not to mention injuring him, even the flames could not enter.

On the other hand, the earth-element superb individual of the Dissimilate Clan could calmly attack this fire-element superb individual. Yes, this feeling was actually very good! I can hit you and injure you, but you just can’t hit me!

However, in the next moment, the earth-element supernatural being from the Dissimilate Clan suffered a tragedy.

Xu Tui gave him a mental vibrating whip. In an instant, not only did the earth-element supernatural being’s mind shake slightly, but the earth shields and walls in the 1.2-meter radius in front of him also collapsed. Then, the various fire-type attacks of the human fire-type supernatural being poured in through this gap.

The human fire-type supernatural being was also a little confused. His attacks suddenly broke through his opponent’s defense. This did not make sense! That was impossible! However, since he had broken through his defense on the battlefield, he would take his life while he was weak. Otherwise, he would be a fool!

As soon as his defense was broken, the earth-element supernatural being was burned to the point of screaming. This change was too sudden. No one around him could have expected that the earth-element supernatural being’s defense would be broken.

As a result, he was burned to ashes by the fire-type supernatural being on the spot before his companions could save him. Before he died, the earth-element supernatural being stared in Xu Tui’s direction. He knew that Xu Tui had played dirty with him.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui did the same thing and killed the ice-type supernatural being who had joined forces to attack him yesterday.

Yan Lie, who had been helping out for a while, looked at Xu Tui with a complicated expression. His comrade was generous, but when he had a grudge, the enemy would definitely have nightmares!

The four elites who had joined forces to attack them yesterday and severely injured them had all been killed by Xu Tui. While Yan Lie was sighing, Xu Tui’s gaze had already looked at Bu Luo, who was in the fourth circle, and the Fission Clan’s Golden Eagle, who was in the second circle. Only by killing these two guys could he take revenge.

Bu Luo and the Fission Golden Eagle sensed Xu Tui’s gaze and looked back coldly. Suddenly, the Fission Golden Eagle seemed to be listening to something.

This action made Xu Tui extremely wary. This guy’s attack power was still very strong, even if it was long-range. In the next moment, the Fission Golden Eagle spread its wings and let out an inexplicable roar. It suddenly soared into the sky and turned into a golden light that flew into the distance.

He ran away? Or?

The human teams could not understand. However, in the next moment, a large number of alien invasion elites retreated. The entire energy overflow combat circle instantly became chaotic.