Chapter 534 - 534 Individual Contribution And Ranking

534 Individual Contribution and Ranking

The first Energy Overflow Tunnel was in Area 18, while the second Energy Overflow Tunnel was in Area 24. It was about 2,000 kilometers away. It was a little slow to walk there.

The gravity on Mars was relatively small, so many Genetic Mutation Realm elites could easily exceed 50 kilometers per hour under heavy load. Some Extreme Branch elites could even reach 80 kilometers per hour. Even so, it would take more than a day to travel 2,000 kilometers on two legs. This was not even considering the consumption of physical strength.

As a result, most of the human teams rushing to the second tunnel had a sky aircraft. For those who didn’t have one, the Phobos’ Combat Command had already coordinated many sky aircrafts to transport them quickly.

Xu Tui had thought that with the help of the sky aircraft, the human team might be able to reach the second Energy Overflow Tunnel first. However, Xu Tui realized that he was wrong when he was still on the way.

The Mechanical Spirits could f*cking fly. Many humanoid Mechanical Spirit elites were like transformers. They instantly fused a pair of wings. Their flying speed was not slower than the sky aircraft. The Dissimilate Clan members would sit on top of them, especially the supernatural beings. They sat there like mobile cannons.

Along the way, Xu Tui saw the remains of two falling sky aircrafts.

Some of the elites of the Fission Race could fly. Other than that, ever since the energy tide, the low-level mechanical spirit beasts that had evolved had also become a transportation team. The organization and communication between these alien elites was closer than Xu Tui had imagined.

Even a sky aircraft would need about 30 minutes to cover a distance of more than 2,000 kilometers. While Yan Lie was driving, Xu Tui, who was rather free, also flipped through the constantly updated rankings of the Phobos’ Combat Command.

There were basically no changes to the Hunting List. The first place was still Black Eagle, the second place was Bu Luo, and the third place was the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle. Xu Tui basically recognized all three of them.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie were more interested in the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings and the Individual Combat Merits List. However, because the data had not been uploaded, Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s points were the same as yesterday. Military contributions and the rewards for inventions were not included.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie immediately uploaded all the recordings on their communication devices.

Actually, the various strategic coordinators would upload the combat information in the first energy overflow combat circle on a regular basis. However, they still needed to upload the relevant information videos themselves to confirm it. Professional departments would re-evaluate the controversies after the war. However, the information that was uploaded immediately was confirmed by the super quantum computer.

Less than five minutes after it was uploaded, Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s contribution points began to change.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s contribution points were equally divided.

Previously, both of them had 1,400 battle merits and did not enter the rankings. However, the 100th place on the individual battle merits rankings was 1,653 battle merits. A day later, the 100th place on the individual battle merit rankings had become 2,736 battle merits. The increase was huge.

However, as the Blue Star’s super quantum computer, the Azure, continued to confirm, Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s contribution points quickly surged.

A few seconds later, Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s rankings suddenly jumped onto the individual battle merits list. Their contribution points jumped to 5,740. Their rankings also instantly soared from not entering the rankings to 51st and 52nd.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie were on the rankings at the same time. However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s contribution points were still flashing. Clearly, the super quantum computer, the Azure, was still determining their contributions. Suddenly, their battle contribution points suddenly flashed. They jumped to 8,740 points at the same time.

Each of them had an increase of 3,000 points! Xu Tui and Yan Lie were stunned.

“The Genetic Evolution Realm. The two of us killed a total of six Genetic Mutation Realm experts and one Genetic Evolution Realm expert. We got 6,000 contribution points. The two of us got 3,000 contribution points each,” Yan Lie said in surprise.

At this point, their spots on the Individual Combat Merits List had jumped to the top 20. Yan Lie was ranked 14th, and Xu Tui was ranked 15th.

In the other sky aircraft, the second expert of the American Sector, Li An, who was also driving the sky aircraft toward the second Energy Overflow Tunnel, suddenly cursed when he saw the information that his ranking had dropped.

“Shit! My contribution ranking has dropped by two places in a row.” Li An was a little anxious and angry. He was previously ranked 14th. The top ten could be seen, but he suddenly dropped to the 16th place. It made him feel inexplicably anxious and angry. The rewards for being in the top ten of the Individual Combat Merits List were very high. He could get into the top 10, but now, he was even further away.

At the same time, a large number of elites of the human team were howling as their rankings suddenly dropped by two places. Some people dropped by a level of reward, while others dropped off the rankings. Of course, more people also noticed the two rocket-like names.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie looked at each other. Their eyes were filled with surprise. Their rankings rose faster than they had imagined. Moreover, the contribution points behind their names were still flashing. This meant that there were still contribution points being calculated for the diagnosis.

A minute later, the number of contribution points behind Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s names jumped to 9,160. It had increased by another 400 points.

“This… This should be the contribution points added after the super quantum computer confirmed that there are people on the Hunting List among the targets we killed,” Yan Lie said.

After the increase this time, the number of contribution points behind Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s names no longer flickered.

9,160 individual contribution points was the final number at the current stage. Their rankings had advanced by another rank. They were ranked 13th and 14th respectively.

“Top 10. This year, we must enter the top 10. The rewards for entering the top 10 are very rich.” Yan Lie waved his arm excitedly.

“Are there any Enhanced Origin Energy Mutation Elixirs in the top 10?” Xu Tui asked.

“Not in the top ten, but in the top three,” Yan Lie said.

“Do you have the confidence to be in the top three of the rankings?” Xu Tui set a higher goal.

Yan Lie was stunned. Li Zhouchen, ranked first on the Individual Combat Merits List, had more than 17,400 battle merits. Bobran, ranked third on the Individual Combat Merits List, had more than 15,200 battle merits. This number surprised Yan Lie.

“Top three… I’m afraid that’s a little difficult.” Yan Lie did not have much confidence in the top three.

To a certain extent, what Yan Lie said was the truth. The speed at which Xu Tui and Yan Lie earned their contribution points was fast enough. It increased like a rocket, but it was still far from Li Zhouchen and the others. This was especially so for the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen. His contribution points would change every few minutes.

This suddenly raised a question in Xu Tui’s mind.

“Yan Lie, hasn’t Li Zhouchen been confronting Black Eagle in the innermost circle of the energy overflow circle? We have not seen Li Zhouchen gain anything in the past day and night. But why is his contribution points constantly increasing?” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

“Li Zhouchen and the others actually accepted special combat missions. As long as they stand in a specific position, they can continuously obtain a large number of battle merits,” Yan Lie said.

“By standing in the innermost circle and confronting the Black Eagle, they can continuously obtain contribution points based on the time?”

“That should be the case.”

“That’s too simple.” Xu Tui shook his head again after he finished speaking. This was not simple. First of all, he had to have strength. Without powerful strength, he could not confront and restrain Black Eagle. At the same time, this was another kind of sacrifice.

With Li Zhouchen’s strength, it was not difficult for him to bring his team around to hunt and obtain contribution points. Standing there and restraining Black Eagle was actually a form of sacrifice. It was only right for Phobos’ Combat Command to reward a large number of contribution points based on the time. No wonder he ranked first in terms of contribution points just by standing there.

“Only by confronting each other in a few circles can you obtain contribution points? Or rather, how can I accept this special mission?” Xu Tui was a little tempted. It would be great if he could enter the inner circle and cultivate while facing off and obtain contribution points.

“I’m not too sure either. It’s said that if you make it into the first three circles, you will automatically obtain such a special mission. Those strategic coordinators should tell you when the time comes,” Yan Lie said.

“Only the first three circles?”

“I think so. Anyway, we made it into the eighth circle back then, but we still didn’t get the mission. There’s a high chance that it’s the first three or five circles,” Yan Lie said.

“Alright, I’ll think of a way to try it when the time comes.”

Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s ranking on the Individual Combat Merits List rose very quickly. However, it was a little difficult for them to rank on the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings.

A day ago, the battle merits of the 100th place on the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings were more than 3,900. Today, the battle merits of the 100th place on the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings were a little more than 9,450.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie were not on the rankings. However, the gap had narrowed significantly. Xu Tui would be able to make it onto the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings with just a few hundred points.

He had no choice. Xu Tui and Yan Lie had formed a party. If the two of them had formed a team and combined their points, they would be ranked around the 80th place on the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings.

However, in that case, Xu Tui would not be able to fight for the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings of this year’s new student team because Yan Lie was a third-year student. In comparison, the first place on the Prodigy Combat Team Rankings of the 2,138th batch was more stable. He had to secure this reward first before talking about anything else.

The reward was unknown. However, a bottle of Origin Enhancement Mutation should be rewarded. What Xu Tui wanted the most now was that thing. Of course, he still had to fight for the Prodigy Combat Team Overall Rankings. No one would complain about having too many rewards.

“To be honest, this ranking is the highest and best I’ve had in the past few years. After this battle this year, the gains are enough to give me hope for breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm,” Yan Lie said emotionally.

Yan Lie’s words reminded Xu Tui of An Xiaoxue, who was about to break through. Just as he was about to ask Yan Lie about the breakthrough to the Genetic Evolution Realm, the sky aircraft suddenly trembled. The data of various instruments fluctuated violently.

“We’re here. We’ve already arrived at the five-kilometer radius of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. I’ll find a place and prepare to get off the aircraft.”@@novelbin@@

“Alright, this will be more chaotic. Move a little further away so that we won’t become a box when we land!”