Chapter 535 - 535 An Xiaoxue’S Defence (1)

535 An Xiaoxue’s Defence (1)

The situation around the second tunnel was much more chaotic than Xu Tui and Yan Lie had imagined.

A large number of human teams were gathering over. But most of them were alien elites. There was also a large amount of residual poison. Wave after wave of low-level Mechanical Spirits and low-level Fissioners were also charging over.

Cannon fire rang out behind Xu Tui and Yan Lie. The roars of laser cannons and electromagnetic cannons resounded through the world. The heat that erupted assaulted him. Suddenly, a glaring light exploded ten kilometers behind Xu Tui. A shock wave instantly swept over.

“Fusion bombs, lie down!” Yan Lie dodged and pushed Xu Tui to the ground. A shockwave that was like a razor instantly swept past him. Xu Tui felt a chill run down his spine. He felt as if he had lost another strand of burnt hair.

Xu Tui looked behind him. His gaze was indescribably complicated.

Nuclear fusion bomb! The Phobos’ Combat Command had actually used nuclear fusion bombs. These fusion bombs were slightly weaker, but they did not pollute the environment. However, their lethality was still extremely high.

The area ten kilometers away from the high slope was flattened. The torrent of more than a thousand low-level fission race beings that had been surging over there just now had completely disappeared.

The situation was even more serious than Xu Tui had imagined. Ahead, the eye-catching crater was covered in dense black dots. Whether it was the human team or the extraterrestrial elites, they all charged towards the crater. That included the low-level Mechanical Spirits and the Fission Race.

It was fine if it was just one or two of these things. However, once hundreds of them charged up, it would be extremely terrifying. As a result, the Phobos Combat Command did not hesitate to use fusion bombs to stop them from forming a group.@@novelbin@@

However, a large number of low-level Mechanical Spirits and Fission Race members still rushed into the surroundings of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. A few low-level Mechanical Spirits began to rapidly transform, strengthen, and upgrade the moment they rushed into the outermost area of the Energy Overflow Tunnel.

The horn on its head became thicker and stronger. Some of them even evolved into floating mechanical spirit beasts under the catalysis of extremely dense origin energy.

Those extraterrestrial elites were also intentionally or unintentionally covering for the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race, who did not have any intelligence but only had instincts, to rush deeper into the tunnel.

These guys, who only had their instincts left, absorbed the Origin Energy faster than them. Once it evolved on the spot, it would be of great help.

On the contrary, it was a little difficult for the human team. Even though the Phobos had quickly conscripted a large number of special combat teams that had been set up in advance and the special combat teams from the various Mars bases had come over, they were still at a disadvantage.

Their targets were the low-level Mechanical Spirits and the Fission Race who had barged into the energy gushing circle.

Xu Tui roughly understood the reason. Although these alien elites could directly absorb energy to strengthen themselves, for some reason, the absorption speed was not too fast. On the contrary, as long as these low-level Mechanical Spirits and Fission Races had a large amount of Origin Energy, they could quickly evolve.

It did not matter if one or two evolved. But what if eight to ten of them evolved? What if they absorbed a massive amount of Origin Energy and evolved into dozens or hundreds of Genetic Evolution Realms?

That would be a disaster for humans!

What was worse was that the instincts of these low-level Mechanical Spirits and the Fission Race would constantly be strengthened during the evolution process. That included their combat instincts and racial instincts. Not to mention their combat instincts, their racial instincts represented their standpoint, and that was killing humans and cooperating with their elites in battle!

Therefore, the situation was very tragic. There was continuous gunfire outside and internal battles. Unfortunately, all technological weapons became ineffective when they were five kilometers away from the tunnel. Otherwise, they would not be under so much pressure.

“What should we do?” Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui.

“It’s too messy. There’s no way to determine the tactical direction. I’ll improvise. Listen to me!”

Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui, then nodded heavily.

The crater was a huge circular hill. The hill was like a step, and the Energy Overflow Tunnel was at the top of the mountain. On the top of the mountain, there were a few circles of abandoned buildings that looked like dilapidated walls. That was why it was called the abandoned castle. It was a little strenuous to charge forward now.

It would save him a lot of effort if he walked in the air. However, he was a fool to use the power of the air. In this chaotic battle, walking in the air was equivalent to being a target.

While he was sizing up the terrain, Xu Tui slowly condensed his mental hammer. A faint silver hammer floated in front of him. Yan Lie’s gaze wandered. He vaguely sensed something, but he could not see or discover it.

The main flying sword and the three secondary swords flew up and began to circle. Actually, Xu Tui could activate a total of five flying swords, including the main flying sword. However, activating the five flying swords consumed a lot of Xu Tui’s mind power. He did not have the time to care about anything else. It was more suitable to activate the mental hammer three times.

The extremely thick Vajra Barrier that was suffused with an imperceptible silver light appeared on the surface of Xu Tui’s body, which made Yan Lie green with envy. He had tested it out on the way here. Even with his full energy field, he could not break Xu Tui’s Vajra Barrier.

It was obvious that Xu Tui wanted to charge. Xu Tui slowly activated his mental perception. He glanced at Yan Lie and said, “Turn on the all-round video.”

Yan Lie nodded. He could not afford to lose any military contributions.