Chapter 537 - 537 An Xiaoxue’S Defence (3)

537 An Xiaoxue’s Defence (3)

A few minutes later, Xu Tui and Yan Lie arrived near the 25th circle. They looked up and could already see the abandoned fortress in the center of the crater. Above the abandoned fort, a thick and large blue energy pillar soared into the sky and slowly fell. A large number of flickering crystals scattered in all directions. They were Origin Crystals.

Dozens of silver lights flickered at the center of the abandoned fort. They hit a ball of golden light. The golden light instantly dispersed into hundreds of balls. Silver light also exploded at this moment. One of the balls of golden light that had the most silver light shattered. The other golden lights gathered into the Fission Golden Eagle.

That was a Dimensional Explosion! It was Miss An! It was An Xiaoxue!

Xu Tui instantly recognized the silver light. An Xiaoxue was at the center of the tunnel. She was fighting the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle who came the earliest. However, An Xiaoxue did not seem to have much of an advantage.

Xu Tui was a little confused. The Golden Eagle of the Fission Race was definitely in the Genetic Evolution Realm, but could it fight An Xiaoxue to a draw? Just as Xu Tui was feeling puzzled, dense lightning began to leak out of the mountaintop. A huge mental shield that was glowing with silver light appeared to block the pouring silver light.

The moment Xu Tui extended his mental perception over, he saw Bu Luo.

The Dissimilate Clan’s supernatural being, Bu Luo, was also present. He was besieging An Xiaoxue with the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle! No, there was another person! There was also a fellow from the Mechanical Spirit Race who was sitting on a floating mechanical spirit beast. He turned his arms into a huge cannon and kept spitting out all kinds of fire attacks.

At the center, An Xiaoxue was struggling. She kept using the Dimensional Explosion and the mental shield. The silver rings on her fingers had already become extremely dazzling. Every Dimensional Explosion could force the enemy back. However, under the siege of the three of them, she could only injure the enemy and not kill them.

Danger surrounded her.

In the innermost circle, the humans were slightly weaker. A nearby human special combat team was being pestered by the other alien elites. It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s expression became extremely sharp.

“Follow me!”

Xu Tui had already charged out with the Vajra Barrier. Yan Lie, who had just taken a deep breath, was stunned. He disappeared on the spot again. Damn it, he was a little indignant! Xu Tui was from the Mystery Branch. Why was he more of an Extreme Branch than an Extreme Branch like him?

Xu Tui charged forward without holding back with his mental hammer. Working with Yan Lie and his flying sword, he entered an uninhabited area. Occasionally, he would be attacked but was blocked by the Vajra Barrier. He reached the 13th circle in a few minutes.

At this moment, he was about 150 meters away from the innermost circle. The enemies had completely entered Xu Tui’s combat distance. Due to the terrain of the crater, the people on and off the mountain could not see much. However, Xu Tui’s mental perception was unobstructed.

“Miss An, it’s me. I’m here!”

An Xiaoxue, who was fighting bitterly, revealed a pleasantly surprised expression when she heard this. The mask she usually wore had already fallen off because of the battle. However, An Xiaoxue became anxious after being pleasantly surprised for a moment. “Go away! Don’t come over!”@@novelbin@@

Golden Eagle, Bu Luo, and the second elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race, Huo Li, were all surprised. Was she shouting at them? However, it was useless to shout like this. This roar only meant that this little girl from the human race could not take it anymore.

“This girl can’t take it anymore. Work harder and kill her together! As long as we occupy the core for a few minutes, we will have more than a dozen servants at the Evolution Realm!” The Fission Race’s Golden Eagle roared.

Far away, a strategic coordinator who was fighting a bitter battle shouted when he saw this, “An Xiaoxue, retreat! Retreat first!”

An Xiaoxue shook her head stubbornly. She looked behind her. She could not retreat!

Xu Tui had an indescribable feeling in his heart. Only he understood the true meaning of An Xiaoxue’s words. This was directed at him. She wanted him to leave because it was dangerous here. She was already in extreme danger at this point, yet she still did not let him come over. At that moment, Xu Tui suddenly felt an extremely warm feeling in his heart.

“This woman is a little stupid!” The moment this thought appeared in his mind, Xu Tui sent another voice transmission to An Xiaoxue the moment he killed the enemy in front of him. “Miss An, prepare to attack the Golden Eagle. I’ll cooperate with you!”

An Xiaoxue was helpless. She looked around and was a little anxious. Xu Tui could communicate with his consciousness, but she could not. She could not see where Xu Tui was. She could only listen to Xu Tui now.

In the next moment, the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle turned into a golden light and pounced out again. However, the moment he pounced forward, the expression of Bu Luo, who was far away, changed. He suddenly sensed something. “Be careful, there’s an expert!”

Bang! As he spoke, Xu Tui’s mental hammer slammed into the golden light. In an instant, the golden light dissipated and turned into the shape of a golden eagle. It was also at this moment that the long silver hair behind An Xiaoxue’s head, which had been forced to defend, rose and instantly disappeared.

Dimensional Explosion!

Bu Luo’s reaction was extremely fast. He instantly set up a layer of lightning defense around the Golden Eagle. However, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion was extremely strange. With a slight flash, she dodged the lightning shield and ruthlessly blasted into the Golden Eagle’s body.

Seeing this, Huo Li of the Mechanical Spirit Race not far away suddenly turned fiery red. A fire dragon shot out and shot towards An Xiaoxue. The lightning hammer in Bu Luo’s palm also became extremely glaring. They focus their fire on An Xiaoxue.

For a moment, even someone as strong as An Xiaoxue could not divert her attention to control the Dimensional Explosion. She could only defend with all her might. In just an instant, the Golden Eagle seemed to have the possibility of recovering.

Xu Tui was furious 100 meters away. He could not rush over for the time being. However, he could use the mental hammer.

In the next moment, Xu Tui first gave the Golden Eagle another hammer with his mental hammer. Then, it suddenly flashed and appeared above Bu Luo’s head. The mental hammer smashed down at Bu Luo.

Bu Luo, who had long sensed this, had already activated his mind power domain defense. However, Xu Tui did not care. The mental hammer rained down. Hammer after hammer!

Bu Luo’s mind trembled, and golden stars shot out from his eyes. He immediately stopped his attack on An Xiaoxue.

An Xiaoxue could still block the attack of the Mechanical Spirit’s Huo Li even if it was a full-powered attack. In the next moment, An Xiaoxue’s cherry lips parted slightly. “Explode!”

Silver light suddenly exploded from the body of the Golden Eagle that had just woken up. The moment it exploded, golden light shone.

The screams of the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle also rang out. “F*ck, who tricked me!”