Chapter 546 - 546 Bringing The Students To Harvest (1)

546 Bringing the Students to Harvest (1)

How were they going to split the contribution points if they defended the inner circle?

Xu Tui was also decisive. He did not ask An Xiaoxue or Yan Lie. He made a decision after some consideration. He could also give An Xiaoxue the rewards for the inner circle, but Xu Tui needed them more. As a student participating in actual combat on Mars, Xu Tui was rewarded with various battle contribution rankings. An Xiaoxue was a teacher, but she did not have such a reward.

Therefore, Xu Tui took the battle points from the innermost circle.

There were two spots in the second round. An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie would each receive the rewards for the second round. Actually, the difference between the contribution points awarded for the second circle and the innermost circle was not too great.

!!

1 point every minute. There was a difference of 60 points in an hour. The difference in a day was only 720 points. No matter what, Mr. Bian Yuan was a member of the Genetic Miracle. He had to be given a spot in the third circle.

However, if that was the case, the third circle would be a little wasteful. According to the rules, the fixed rewards for the third circle could be three to four spots. Bian Yuan had used one, so there were still three left.

“Commander Li, let me ask you a question. Where did the contribution points for defending the inner circle come from?” Xu Tui asked.

Li Zhen did not understand what Xu Tui meant. “What do you mean?”

“What I mean is, who organized the contribution points awarded by defending the inner circle? Is it our Huaxia Sector, the Phobos’ Combat Command, or the entire Blue Star?” Xu Tui asked. This time, he asked quite clearly. Li Zhen immediately understood.

Li Zhen reacted quickly. He immediately understood what Xu Tui meant. Was this kid trying to take advantage of him? Before he harvested the wool, he planned to ask which family the wool belonged to.

However, Li Zhen liked such a person!

Li Zhen cleared his throat and replied, “The rewards for defending the inner circle, including the rewards for the entire Mars battlefield, can’t be from the Huaxia Sector. In general, it’s from the Phobos’ Combat Command.”

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. As long as the reward was not from the Huaxia Sector, he would be relieved. He could try to see if he could get anything out of it!

“However, although it was sent out by the Phobos’ Combat Command, in reality, the contribution points awarded on the Mars battlefield are split equally among the six alliances. These battle points were contribution points. This hard currency of the extra-terrestrial was not something that could be obtained with a simple number. There was an extremely complicated value system operating behind them.

“As far as I know, in the settlement of the various alliances, battle points are related to Origin Crystals. Battle points were equivalent to Origin Crystals. Rewarding battle merits is equivalent to rewarding you with Origin Crystals. Of course, the entire system behind it was extremely complicated. It could not be explained in a few words. However, it was not a problem for the rewards to be split equally among the six alliances.

“What’s wrong, Xu Tui? Do you have any thoughts?”

Xu Tui glanced at Li Zhen. What did he mean by explaining so much? Why did it sound like he was guiding him to take advantage of him? Compared to Zhu Lang, Li Zhen was much more slippery.@@novelbin@@

“Commander Li, it’s like this. The territory in the innermost circle was fought over by me and my comrades. We can’t waste it. There were still two empty spots in the third circle. There were at least four empty spots in the fourth circle, and three to four empty spots in the fifth circle. How about this? Why don’t I report a few names and you fill them in so that they can obtain contribution points? How about that?”

Li Zhen stared at Xu Tui and cursed him for being an idiot. If it was that simple, the wool would have been completely taken away. How could it be your turn to take it?

“No, according to the rules, someone has to be present. We have to record it. We can’t report their names casually.” Li Zhen seemed to be guiding Xu Tui to take advantage of the situation. The conditions were extremely clear.

“Then can Zhao Hailong be included in the third circle?” Xu Tui pointed at the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, and asked.

“This… In theory, he can, after he walks around the third circle later.”

“Then can you register if I call a few more students over?” Xu Tui asked.

“As long as they can kill their way here and meet the rules, that’s fine.”

“Alright, I’ll call them.”

“Don’t.” Li Zhen quickly stopped him. “If you shout openly, you’ll be in trouble in the future if someone takes a recording of you.”

“It’s fine. No one can hear me.” The ability to communicate with consciousness was no longer a secret after being displayed many times. There was no need for Xu Tui to hide it.

“Hmm?” Li Zhen was stunned.

Then, Xu Tui expressed his thoughts to Luo Murong, who was currently facing off in the sixth circle.

Luo Murong turned around and looked at Xu Tui with a stunned expression. Is he telling him to go to the third circle to get the rewards? That worked?

Luo Murong expressed his doubts.

“Murong, the strategy coordinator here said that it’s enough. You can just come and stay in the third circle.”

Xu Tui realized that he did not know many people. Because he was a freshman, most of the students he knew were in their first year.

As for the first-year students, most of them did not have sky aircrafts because of their strength and team size. The Phobos’ Combat Command would not provide them with sky aircrafts to move quickly. If they reached the energy overflow battle circle, the probability of them dying in battle was higher.

Therefore, it was better to eliminate low-level mechanical spirit beasts and fission beasts in the other areas of Mars. Occasionally, they would encounter isolated alien elites and besiege them.

Xu Tui did not see any first-year students in the energy overflow circle. He did not recognize the occasional teams that came over.