Chapter 543 - 543 Killing The Golden Eagle

543 Killing the Golden Eagle

“It’s enough.” A voice suddenly sounded in the tunnel. Xu Tui immediately recognized the voice.

“Is it Mr. Bian Yuan?” Xu Tui asked.

An Xiaoxue nodded. “It’s indeed him.”

“What is Mr. Bian Yuan doing here?” Xu Tui asked.

“Bian Yuan’s 72-point genetic ability chain broke because of an incident a few years ago. Over the years, Mr. Ji and Mr. He had been treating him. It was about time. And you got a spot this year. He’s just one step away. It depends on his luck,” An Xiaoxue introduced.

An Xiaoxue’s explanation was a little simple. Xu Tui did not understand. However, Bian Yuan, who was sitting in the tunnel, took the initiative to explain.

“The genetic ability chain has broken. Under normal circumstances, it’s almost impossible to repair it. However, according to the research of Mr. Ji and the others, coupled with some special medicine, under the stimulation of extremely dense origin energy, might be able to stimulate the broken genetic ability chain to fuse again and return me to normal,” Bian Yuan said. After saying that, Bian Yuan said apologetically, “I delayed Xiaoxue’s breakthrough.”

Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue, then at Bian Yuan. He understood. It turned out that An Xiaoxue had fought to the death just now to protect Bian Yuan. He felt a little strange.

It was unknown if An Xiaoxue had sensed something or if she felt that she needed to explain it to Xu Tui, but she explained. “Bian Yuan is also a member of our Genetic Miracle. However, because the genetic ability chain had broken previously, he could only withdraw. He’s Mr. Ji’s student. He originally cultivated the Myriad Swords Path,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was stunned. One of their own? Mr. Bian had also been a Genetic Miracle in the past. It was only right for a comrade to fight to the death. For some reason, Xu Tui felt much better.

However, Mr. Bian Yuan cultivated the Myriad Swords Path. Xu Tui did not dare to think about it. Wasn’t 10,000 swords the most resource-consuming?

An Xiaoxue’s teacher, He Yunfeng, cultivated the Myriad Swords Path. He was so poor. Not only did it affect An Xiaoxue, but he also asked An Xiaoxue to use the funds of the Research Institute Number 14 to supplement it.

If this Genetic Miracle produced two people who cultivated Myriad Swords, they would be poor forever. Moreover, based on Xu Tui’s understanding, Mr. Bian Yuan did not have much ability to earn money. He was not even as good as Xu Tui. Why did he commit suicide to cultivate the Myriad Swords?

“You don’t understand. The Myriad Swords that Bian Yuan cultivates are different from the Myriad Swords that you think,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Different from the Myriad Swords I thought? What’s that like?” This made Xu Tui even more curious.

An Xiaoxue looked at Bian Yuan and hesitated, “You’ll know when you see it.”

“Bian Yuan, how do you feel? Is there any hope of repair?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“I feel it!” Bian Yuan’s voice was a little excited. “Because of the newly invented method of directly absorbing energy, the energy inside and outside my body is almost overflowing. In my introspective state, my broken genetic ability chain is constantly recovering and extending,” Bian Yuan said.

“Can you make a rough judgment on how long we need to hold on?” An Xiaoxue suddenly glanced at Xu Tui when she asked this question.

For some reason, Xu Tui understood. An Xiaoxue was worried about his safety. She was afraid that guarding this place for too long would bring Xu Tui unpredictable danger.

“This… I can’t say for sure. It might take another hour, or two hours, but it shouldn’t be longer.” After a moment of silence, Bian Yuan said, “Xiaoxue, leave if necessary. Don’t worry about me.”

An Xiaoxue smiled slightly. She ignored Bian Yuan’s words and turned to look at Xu Tui. “I’ll be on guard. You’ll cultivate?”

Xu Tui shook his head and asked, “What are the conditions for your breakthrough?”

“Break through? I can break through at any time, but it will take a little time.”

“How long?”

“It should take about 15 minutes. However, I consumed a lot of energy just now. I might need another 15 minutes to recover,” An Xiaoxue said.

“About half an hour.” Xu Tui looked at the empty three inner circles, then looked at Yan Lie, who was lying on the ground to rest and recover. He moved his mind power slightly and swept back the dozen or so Origin Crystals that had fallen into the three inner circles. “Miss An, I’ll be on guard. Why don’t you break through on the spot?”

An Xiaoxue was a little hesitant. “I can go back and break through. It will only consume a dozen grams of Origin Crystals.”

“What’s the effect?”

“The effect… is about the same.”

“About the same means it’s not the same. Break through on the spot. I can defend it!”

An Xiaoxue was not a dawdling person. Since Xu Tui had said so, she did not say anything else.

“Then I’ll leave it to you! If you really can’t defend it…” An Xiaoxue looked at Xu Tui. “Use your whip to whip me!”

Xu Tui’s expression was a little strange. Miss An, you want me to whip you? What kind of operation is this?

“Your whip should be able to interrupt my breakthrough and let me participate in the battle.”

“Are there any consequences?”@@novelbin@@

“I might be injured. It might be more difficult for me to break through in the future. But remember, you only have one life,” An Xiaoxue said solemnly.

“Understood.”

After saying that, An Xiaoxue sat cross-legged behind Xu Tui. She held the 3.2-grams useless mind power Origin Tool and began to absorb the Origin Energy. Xu Tui could sense that An Xiaoxue’s aura was rapidly rising. The flying sword above his head slowly circled around. Xu Tui controlled the water puppet to stand in front of An Xiaoxue. The water puppet’s body was huge. At the critical moment, it could help An Xiaoxue block the damage.

Of course, this was only because Xu Tui had thrown in a few water-type Origin Crystals into the water puppet. This was a place that lacked water in other places. The water puppet had long collapsed. It would definitely not be able to last until now.

Among the Origin Crystals that he had collected, Xu Tui found four more water-type Origin Crystals and threw them into the body of the water puppet. It had to be said that the gains in the innermost circle of the energy overflow circle were really extraordinary. None of the Origin Crystals he picked up here were less than two grams. They were all more than two grams.

Xu Tui threw four water-type Origin Crystals into the water puppet. The weight of the Origin Crystals he threw in had already exceeded nine grams.

Such behavior was no longer burning money. Instead, he was burning gold! Ordinary people could not afford it. However, Xu Tui did not mind. He was really rich now.

Less than half an hour after he arrived at the second battle circle, he had picked up more than 20 Origin Crystals. The total weight was more than 50 grams. He had gained a lot!

Of course, the reason why they had gained a lot was that Xu Tui and the other two had taken up the entire three circles of profits in the innermost circle. In the first Energy Overflow Tunnel, even the number one expert of the American Sector, Bobran, only occupied one combat area. The territory he occupied was equivalent to a third of the second circle and a fifth of the third.

Now, it all belonged to Xu Tui and the other two. It couldn’t be helped that he had a lot of gains.

The Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, was guarding the fourth circle. Currently, he was in front of Xu Tui on the left. With Zhao Hailong around, there should be no danger in this direction.

The Golden Eagle of the Fission Race and Huo Li of the Mechanical Spirit Race were both probing around the seventh circle. However, most of their attention was on Xu Tui. The other alien elites were fighting in the fifth and fourth circles.

Xu Tui’s gaze shifted when he saw the Golden Eagle and Huo Li. The flying sword trembled slightly. The Golden Eagle and Huo Li that had been paying attention to Xu Tui suddenly dodged.

Xu Tui laughed out loud when he saw this. The Golden Eagle and Huo Li, who had reacted, had angry expressions. They were actually frightened by Xu Tui. This was a little embarrassing!

TheGolden Eagle stared at Xu Tui from afar and called out to Huo Li. They turned around to attack the human team in the eighth circle. The situation of the human team in the eighth circle instantly became extremely dangerous.

The Golden Eagle and Huo Li both had the strength to guard the first three circles. Now that the two of them had been forced away by Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue and could not confront each other in the first three circles, they immediately displayed their powerful strength. It immediately forced the human team to retreat!

In less than 30 seconds, they had killed a human elite. After killing the human elite, the Golden Eagle of the Fission Race even turned around and stared at Xu Tui. It had the intention to show off.

Xu Tui was a little anxious. He had long understood the true meaning of the confrontation in the battle circle. He would be responsible if he allowed the Golden Eagle and Huo Li to wreak havoc and kill the human elites at will.

However, Xu Tui could not leave the inner three circles for the time being.

Another minute later, the Golden Eagle and Huo Li joined forces and attacked the tenth circle. In just a minute, they killed an elite from the Huaxia Sector. The Golden Eagle and Huo Li actually deliberately charged toward the Huaxia Sector team.

Xu Tui was furious. He looked around. The further he went, the fewer experts there were who could restrain the Golden Eagle and Huo Li. At that moment, Xu Tui even wanted An Xiaoxue to stop recovering and join forces with her to kill the Golden Eagle. However, he could not wake An Xiaoxue up. Bian Yuan had to be protected too!

Xu Tui felt a headache coming on. Suddenly, Xu Tui saw the longbow on the back of the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong. He recalled Zhao Hailong’s methods in the number one energy surge combat circle.

“Senior Zhao, I am Xu Tui. Can your longbow hurt the Golden Eagle and Huo Li in the tenth circle?” Xu Tui asked.

Zhao Hailong was stunned. He turned around and looked at Xu Tui. Then, he nodded.

“Senior Zhao, if I create an opportunity for you to hit those two people, can you kill them?” Xu Tui continued to ask.

Zhao Hailong shook his head.

Xu Tui was disappointed. He turned around and said, “Senior Zhao, the opportunity I’m talking about is not only guaranteed to hit, but it will also make them lose the ability to actively defend.”

Zhao Hailong’s eyes lit up when he heard that. He looked at Xu Tui in confusion and nodded vigorously. The general meaning was that if you can really make them lose their active defense, I can do it!

At this moment, the Golden Eagle severely injured another elite of the Huaxia Sector. While it was doing it, it glared at Xu Tui fiercely. A cold look appeared in Xu Tui’s eyes. The mental hammer moved quickly. The tenth circle was only 150 meters. It was completely within Xu Tui’s combat distance.

“Senior Zhao, get ready!”

Silently, Zhao Hailong’s longbow slid into his hand and rose slightly.

“Kill!”

Almost at the same time, the mental hammer that Xu Tui had prepared beforehand instantly appeared above the Golden Eagle’s head and struck it fiercely.

Bang!

Even though the Golden Eagle had been guarding against Xu Tui’s mental attack, the Golden Eagle still staggered when Xu Tui swung his hammer with all his might. The world spun, and stars shone in its eyes.

Xu Tui’s current mental whip was a Level 2 Genetic Ability Chain. But he did not care. He hammered down again.

Swish! Swish! Swish! A shrill sound rang out. Zhao Hailong shot three arrows at the Golden Eagle like a shooting star.

Xu Tui’s flying sword also moved at that moment. The flying sword flashed, and Xu Tui’s flying sword appeared in front of Huo Li.

When Huo Li saw that the Golden Eagle was being attacked, it immediately blasted out an extremely thick energy shield, wanting to protect the Golden Eagle. However, Xu Tui’s flying sword instantly arrived.

Huo Li was shocked. Under his full defense, he was unable to save the Golden Eagle. Zhao Hailong’s three arrows that were like shooting stars instantly struck the Golden Eagle.

Three consecutive arrows!

In an instant, the Golden Eagle exploded.

The Fission Race’s Golden Eagle had died.