Chapter 548 - 548 Time Is Up (1)

548 Time Is Up (1)

Xu Tui, whose cultivation had been interrupted by that cry, quickly opened his eyes. The source of the voice was none other than the niece of the strategic coordinator, Li Zheng.

Li Zheng was looking behind Xu Tui in shock.

Li Zheng was not the only one. The elite students of the Huaxia Sector nearby all looked behind Xu Tui in shock.

An Xiaoxue was behind Xu Tui. Xu Tui quickly turned around. He was also a little stunned.

Vortex!

An Xiaoxue’s surroundings actually formed an energy vortex. It was unknown how quickly An Xiaoxue absorbed the energy. The extremely dense energy surged toward An Xiaoxue, forming a vortex.

Xu Tui was very certain that the 3.2-grams useless mind power Origin Crystal in An Xiaoxue’s hand would not be able to form an Origin Energy vortex.

At this moment, An Xiaoxue no longer needed the useless mind power Origin Crystal as a transit device to absorb energy. Instead, her entire body was absorbing energy.

“She’s breaking through!” Xu Tui immediately understood.

“Damn, does Miss An want to become a superhuman after her breakthrough?” Yan Lie, who had almost recovered and had begun to cultivate, was also shocked when he saw this scene.

This was also the reason why Li Zheng and the elite students nearby were shocked.

A portion of the students were already at the Genetic Evolution Realm. A portion of the students with deeper foundations, such as Zhao Hailong, Li Zhen, and the third-year dragon, Chu Wei, all had the combat strength of the Genetic Evolution Realm, but their cultivation levels were still at the peak of the Genetic Mutation Realm.

It was all to make their realms much more perfect and stronger when it mutated. Therefore, most people understood the requirements needed to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Under normal circumstances, the most important thing to break through from the Genetic Mutation Realm to the Genetic Evolution Realm was a large amount of energy. In the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, the school would usually provide one gram of Origin Crystal to the students if they wanted to break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

This was considered better treatment.

Of course, geniuses like Zhao Hailong and Chu Wei would definitely not just rely on the Origin Crystals and other elixirs provided by the school to break through. They would consume at least three to five grams of Origin Crystals.

That was a reference.

With this reference, An Xiaoxue’s breakthrough was extremely shocking. She even absorbed energy from the innermost circle and formed an energy vortex. How much energy could she absorb during the breakthrough? Was this considered a breakthrough by soaking in the Origin Crystal Pool? How much stronger would An Xiaoxue be compared to the other Genetic Evolution Realms after she successfully broke through?

Many students from the Huaxia Sector had similar doubts.

Xu Tui did not think too much about it. An Xiaoxue had the combat strength of the mid to late-stage of the Genetic Evolution Realm before she broke through. She should have the combat strength of a Level C or Level B Genetic Evolver. After breaking through, she would definitely have the combat strength of the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm.

What Xu Tui was considering was whether An Xiaoxue would have the combat strength of a Genetic Transmutation Realm after she broke through. If that was the case, she would truly become a powerhouse.

Xu Tui thought about it and did not enter a state of full cultivation again. In any case, An Xiaoxue did not take long to break through. According to her, 15 minutes was enough. He did not mind wasting these 10 minutes of cultivation. It was more reassuring to watch over her personally. He could also cultivate by being distracted and vigilant.

He slowly spread out his mental perception and monitored the nearby situation. Xu Tui could sense that the aura around An Xiaoxue was rapidly fluctuating. It was an indescribable fluctuation.

Xu Tui had wanted to use his macroscopic perception to observe the changes in An Xiaoxue when she broke through. In the end, he did not do that. He was afraid that his extremely powerful macroscopic mental perception would disturb An Xiaoxue’s breakthrough.

At this moment, the first five circles of the second energy overflow battle circle were very stable. Not to mention the first five circles, there were very few battles in the sixth and seventh circles.

The alien elites who were barely gathered there did not dare to flare up. They were afraid that they would be focused on by the guys in the inner five circles.

The atmosphere in the five inner circles was also a little strange. It was a little like becoming a chat circle for the elite students of the Huaxia Sector.

Everyone defended this place and continuously obtained battle merits. They took advantage of the other five alliances and chatted with each other. They chatted about their battle insights and cultivation experience.

After all, there were not many opportunities to face geniuses like Zhao Hailong, Chu Wei, and Luo Murong.

Xu Tui, who was cultivating while being on guard, also pricked up his ears as he listened to their conversation. He was very strong now, but his accumulation in all aspects was still not enough. Listening to their conversation would also improve Xu Tui’s abilities.@@novelbin@@

An Xiaoxue’s aura was constantly rising behind Xu Tui.

Xu Tui, who was sensing An Xiaoxue’s aura slightly, sometimes felt that An Xiaoxue’s aura had reached its peak. However, in the next moment, An Xiaoxue’s aura would rise again! The obvious change that Xu Tui could sense was An Xiaoxue’s life force.

The reason Xu Tui could instantiate treatment was that he was extremely sensitive to life auras. From the moment she broke through to now, An Xiaoxue’s life force had more than doubled in just ten minutes. This increase in life force was also the most important increase in the process of breaking through to the Genetic Evolution Realm.

It was a qualitative improvement in life. It could even be said to be an improvement in the level of life.

According to cutting-edge research, the Genetic Evolution Realm could be seen as an improvement in their life level after they broke through.