Chapter 540 - 540 First Attempt And A Sword Light

540 First Attempt and A Sword Light

The two elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race standing on the body of the floating mechanical spirit beast gave Xu Tui a lot of pressure. If it was just one person, they would definitely not be able to hit Xu Tui from more than 100 meters away with his Butterfly Flight and Time Distortion. However, the two of them made Xu Tui run around like a monkey.

It would be fine if it was just these two. The key was that there was still Bu Luo. Xu Tui had spent most of his energy dealing with Bu Luo. This fellow glared at Xu Tui with red eyes. All kinds of lightning, lightning nets, and lightning explosions blasted toward Xu Tui from all directions.

Xu Tui had to be fully focused. He kept using his mental vibrating whip to defend himself. It was also because of this that Bu Luo was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. He was burning with anger. Xu Tui’s mental vibrating whip did not cause much damage. But it was extremely insulting.

However, Xu Tui knew his own hardships. Even though the mental whip had been upgraded to a Level 2 genetic ability chain, the mental whip that Xu Tui often used now consumed 2% of his mind power in one go. It could not sustain if he used it at a high frequency.

Even though Xu Tui had already consumed a Level B Active Energy Elixir and his mind power was slowly recovering at a constant speed, he could not last long. He had to seek change!

Just then, Bu Luo’s red eyes and furious emotions attracted Xu Tui’s attention. Of course, Bu Luo did not lose his mind. He just wanted to kill Xu Tui. But this emotion could be used.

Xu Tui’s mind power magnetic field activated as he took a direct hit from an Evolution Realm Mechanical Spirit. Spiritual radiation! Bu Luo’s violent mental body instantly appeared in Xu Tui’s spiritual radiation field. On the contrary, the mental states of the two Mechanical Spirit elites who had attacked Xu Tui were much calmer.

Xu Tui thought about it and followed Professor Song Zhenglin’s previous instructions. He would first silently put the enemy into the spiritual radiation circle, then resonate with his mind. It was Xu Tui going into Bu Luo’s mental body using spiritual resonance. It was more like a magnetic field triggering each other.

However, Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance was also transmitting an angry emotion. In an instant, Bu Luo, who had been silently resonated with by Xu Tui, became even angrier. “Die! Bastards!” As Bu Luo continued to attack, he even let out an angry roar.

At the top of the mountain, the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle and the Mechanical Spirit, Huo Li, listened to Bu Luo’s roar. They were originally a little puzzled. Why was Bu Luo so angry? Bu Luo was usually relatively calm when he fought.

They all took a look. However, they understood at a glance. The attacks were sharp, but they were all dispersed. Xu Tui’s methods made the attackers very aggrieved. No wonder Bu Luo was so angry. So they did not care about it.

However, they did not relax their attacks on An Xiaoxue.

The biggest advantage of an alien elite fighting in the energy overflow circle was that they had extremely strong continuous combat ability. They could use the thick Origin Energy nearby to replenish their energy at all times and recover from their injuries.

However, humans could not!

If they could not kill them, they would exhaust them to death! This was the experience that the seniors of the alien elites had summarized from hundreds of Mars battles.

At this moment, the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle and the Mechanical Spirit, Huo Li, knew that the two of them basically had no chance of killing An Xiaoxue in a short period of time. However, as long as it took a little longer, they could exhaust An Xiaoxue to death.

Of course, if Bu Luo returned after killing Xu Tui, they might still have a chance to kill An Xiaoxue. While the two of them were attacking An Xiaoxue with all their might, they would only glance at Bu Luo from time to time and watch the show. Of course, it was only for fun. There was no malice.

Bu Luo’s mental perception was sharp. He also felt his comrade’s gaze. Although it was nothing, he became even more angry and anxious! It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s mind power magnetic field changed slightly. He instantly activated Spiritual Concealment.

To put it bluntly, the ability of Spiritual Concealment was to set up illusions. However, it was actually two steps. The first step was to first hide the truth, then guide the false. According to Song Zhenglin, the Spiritual Concealment ability was a little special. The more emotional the target was, the easier it was to succeed. Otherwise, no matter how great the difference in mind power was, the probability of success in using Spiritual Concealment was very low.

The guiding of the false, which was an illusion, was easier to succeed the closer it was to reality. For example, Xu Tui’s guidance on the false on the battlefield was very simple. The moment he flashed near one of the Mechanical Spirit elites, Bu Luo thought that this elite was Xu Tui.

This was the first time Xu Tui had used Spiritual Concealment against an enemy, so he was very careful. As for Bu Luo, who had already fallen into the spiritual radiation and spiritual resonance, he did not notice that the target in his eyes, Xu Tui, had silently changed.

Lightning continued to rain down. This time, Xu Tui’s mental vibrating whip did not land. Bu Luo was overjoyed! He instantly intensified his attack. He wanted to take his life while he was down. The lightning in his palm instantly erupted and blasted toward Xu Tui, who had been hit. Bu Luo even activated an Origin Crystal at all costs to strengthen his lightning.

“Hahaha, it hit. Die!” Bu Luo laughed!

The elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race who was hit was stunned on the spot. He was stunned by the lightning. What was going on? Why had Bu Luo attacked him? He was not guarded against Bu Luo beside him, including the floating mechanical spirit beast under him.

As the lightning rained down, the body of this Mechanical Spirit elite and the floating mechanical spirit beast under him instantly shone with lightning. As the lightning surged, they twitched and trembled.

The floating mechanical spirit beast that was under the elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race was directly killed by Bu Luo’s lightning. It disintegrated into hundreds of pieces of Mechanical Spirit Alloy on the spot and scattered to the ground.

“Bu Luo!”

“Bu Luo, are you crazy?”

“Bu Luo, what are you doing?”

The Golden Eagle, Huo Li, and the other elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race roared at the same time.

However, Bu Luo ignored them. Xu Tui had been completely liberated.

Originally, it was Bu Luo and the two elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the three Genetic Evolution Realm experts were fighting three against one. Xu Tui could only block them and did not have the strength to retaliate.

However, now, under Spiritual Concealment, Bu Luo was attacking one of the Mechanical Spirit elites. Xu Tui’s enemy was instantly reduced to one Mechanical Spirit elite.

Whoosh! The sound of a flying sword piercing through the air rang out. Xu Tui did not even need his mental hammer. The main flying sword blasted towards the remaining elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The expression of the Mechanical Spirit elite changed drastically. He knew that the probability of dodging was very low. He might as well defend with all his might. The wings of the floating mechanical spirit beast stood up strangely. In an instant, it formed layers of arrays. It also raised an energy shield and an arm shield.

The moment it finished all of this, Xu Tui’s flying sword appeared in front of it. At this moment, the Mechanical Spirit elite, who was staring at Xu Tui’s flying sword, realized that Xu Tui’s flying sword was still spinning at high speed when it shot over. Behind the flying sword, there seemed to be three violent airflows. The flying sword spun at high speed and blasted into the shields of the floating mechanical spirit beast.

Swish!

The shield formed by the wings of the flying mechanical spirit beast was pierced through by Xu Tui’s flying sword like a piece of paper. Then, it pierced through the energy shield without any resistance and blasted into the arm shield.

However, this Mechanical Spirit Race’s Genetic Evolution Realm expert was not an incompetent person. While he was defending himself, the energy of his arm shield gathered at one point and smashed fiercely onto Xu Tui’s flying sword. It deflected Xu Tui’s flying sword, so the flying sword passed through his leg but did not explode his energy core.

However, before he could react, Xu Tui’s flying sword made an extremely strange 30-degree turn and blasted into his energy core from behind. The light of the Mechanical Spirit elite’s energy eye quickly flickered. In a flash, it instantly disintegrated into nearly a thousand pieces of Mechanical Spirit Alloy.@@novelbin@@

Triple Spiral Force Push! It was a one-hit kill!

Xu Tui felt a little regretful as he looked at the disintegrating Level C Mechanical Spirit Alloy. He could have gotten at least one piece. However, he could only give up now.

Although Xu Tui had only killed this elite of the Mechanical Spirit Clan in less than half a second, it was enough for the others to react.

“Bu Luo!” The Fission Race’s Golden Eagle let out a roar similar to Luo Murong’s lion roar in the past. However, that roar pierced through metal and cracked rocks. It was extremely ear-piercing.

Amidst the ear-piercing screech, Bu Luo woke up. Xu Tui, who was about to be blasted to death by him, suddenly became the Genetic Evolution Realm elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race.

The Genetic Evolution Realm elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race was caught off guard and hit by Bu Luo. He was hit by more than ten lightning bolts and did not recover at all. At this moment, his entire body was charred black. Even one of his arms had been blown off. Seeing that Bu Luo had suddenly woken up, he could not help but feel sad. Damn it, what kind of disaster had he encountered! He was bombarded by his own people!

There was great fear in Bu Luo’s eyes. What was going on? However, at this moment, Bu Luo suddenly felt something amiss above his head. Instantly, Bu Luo’s expression tightened.

Mental attack! It was the mental attack from before! Instinctively, Bu Luo activated his mind power domain with all his might. An even more exquisite silver hoop above his head shone brightly.

Bang! Under his full defense, Bu Luo’s figure swayed.

Bang! Xu Tui hammered again. Bu Luo saw stars!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashed down continuously. Bu Luo fell into a daze. Bu Luo couldn’t stay awake with that many hammers. It was also at this moment that the sharp whistle of Xu Tui’s flying sword rang out.

“Bu Luo!” Golden Eagle roared again. However, this time, it not only roared, but also acted. His figure flashed and immediately split into two little golden eagles. One of the golden eagles shot toward Xu Tui’s flying sword at lightning speed because he wanted to save Bu Luo, and the other little golden eagle shot toward Xu Tui.

He had to save Bu Luo! If he did not save Bu Luo, once Xu Tui came up here…

Therefore, the Golden Eagle of the Fission Race did not hesitate to sacrifice itself to save Bu Luo. However, the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle had forgotten that he had enemies. His enemy was Xu Tui’s teacher. An Xiaoxue was not to be trifled with.

Just as the Golden Eagle’s clones wanted to save Bu Luo, An Xiaoxue’s long silver hair that was tied up slightly raised, and the end of her hair shortened by a small section. Two balls of silver light instantly flashed away.

Almost at the same time, An Xiaoxue’s two balls of silver light instantly appeared on the two little golden eagles. The silver light flashed and strangely blasted into the bodies of the two little golden eagles.

Boom!

The little golden eagles suddenly exploded! The Golden Eagle’s body trembled, and his aura decreased by another 10%. The two little golden eagles were his main body. If his main body was destroyed, his strength would be weakened.

Fortunately, he was at the core of the energy overflow combat circle. As long as he stayed for a longer time, his fallen strength would recover. However, in the next moment, the huge eyes of the Golden Eagle widened as he let out a roar of disbelief! “No!”

A silver light passed through Bu Luo’s head, taking away a trace of blood. In an instant, an egg-sized hole appeared in the middle of Bu Luo’s head.

Headshot!

Bu Luo’s head was blown apart by Xu Tui’s mental hammer and flying sword.

The Golden Eagle was stunned.

The Mechanical Spirit, Huo Li, was dumbfounded.

The Genetic Evolution Realm expert of the Mechanical Spirit Race who had just recovered slightly from Bu Luo’s lightning was also dumbfounded. Even the two Genetic Evolution Realm experts who were fighting the water puppet and Yan Lie were dumbfounded.

Almost instantly, the hearts of the Genetic Evolution Realm elites turned cold.

The sound of the flying sword rang out again. A cold sword light appeared.