Chapter 549 - 549 Time Is Up (2)

549 Time Is Up (2)

Below the Genetic Evolution Realm, be it life force, recovery ability, stamina, or energy, they were still at the level that most people knew. However, the Genetic Evolution Realm was different!

The life limit of the Genetic Evolution Realm far exceeded that of ordinary humans. For example, the vital points. Originally, the vital points were the head, heart, liver, lungs, throat, and so on. But after breaking through, the vital point was only the head.

An expert at the Genetic Evolution Realm would die if his heart was pierced by Xu Tui, but he would not die immediately. Moreover, based on the situation, there was a chance for him to recover.

However, a headshot would definitely kill him!

Xu Tui thought about his own matters as he sensed the changes in An Xiaoxue. When would he break through to the Genetic Evolution Realm? He had to strengthen all the genetic base points in his body to Level 2 silver first.

It was said that the stronger the genetic ability chain when breaking through, the stronger the increase in the level of life when breaking through. While he was deep in thought, Xu Tui’s mental perception caught something. Someone was charging toward the outer area of the second energy overflow exceptionally powerful.

It was a man from the Africa Sector. From the looks of it, he was a fire-type supernatural being with extremely powerful combat strength. With a wave of his hand, flames blasted out and exploded. Then, they directly exploded the enemies blocking in front of him.

Starting from the fiftieth circle at the outermost area, it was as if he had entered an uninhabited area. He had completed 15 kills in less than a minute. An average of four seconds to kill an extraterrestrial elite.

This speed!

Xu Tui’s expression changed slightly. He was definitely an expert among experts. In any case, the speed at which he killed the alien elites was much faster than Xu Tui.

Xu Tui had only used his large-scale mental perception to discover the man from the Africa Sector. However, such a stunning performance made Xu Tui focus his mental senses slightly. He wanted to observe more clearly.

Which expert was this from the Africa Sector? Xu Tui had just focused his mental senses and could see more clearly when the man from the Africa Sector immediately sensed something. He looked around but did not find any enemies. However, almost at the same time, the man stopped in his tracks.

Boom! With the non-aligned area man as the center, a circle of mind power suddenly shook violently. Xu Tui’s mental perception instantly spread out.

Xu Tui could no longer sense him with his mind. It was as if a black hole that he could not sense had appeared in the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception. This black hole was rapidly approaching the top of the mountain.

Xu Tui was shocked.

“Are there any extremely powerful fire-type supernatural beings in the Africa Sector?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

This was the first time Xu Tui had encountered an expert who he could not sense with his mind. He had sensed many Genetic Evolvers in the past, including the strategic coordinator of Phobos. They could not sense it when Xu Tui used his blurry mental perception to sense them.

Not many people could detect Xu Tui’s senses. Not to mention that it had directly shaken his mind power and created a black hole for Xu Tui’s mental perception.

“A fire-type supernatural being from the Africa Sector, the Genetic Evolution Realm?” The Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, frowned slightly. “There are relatively more fire-type supernatural beings in the Africa Sector. The most powerful person who came to the extra-terrestrial this time is Leeman. He is a fire-type supernatural being who has the combat strength of the Genetic Evolution Realm, but he is not a cultivator at the Genetic Evolution Realm. Of course, we can’t rule out the possibility that he broke through during the battle.”

“Leeman? How powerful is he? How is he compared to you?” Xu Tui asked.

“Hah!” Zhao Hailong’s soft grunt represented his answer. Even the most powerful student in the Africa Sector could not compare to him, Zhao Hailong.

In the next moment, Xu Tui frowned even more. The sensory black hole in his mental perception was getting closer and closer. He was truly unhindered. He only took three minutes from the fiftieth to the fifteenth circle. He walked over casually.

However, he did not use any major moves. No matter what kind of opponent it was, he only shot out a flash of fire. His opponents would be severely injured even if they did not die. He was still advancing!

Although the Africa Sector and the Huaxia Sector were relatively close in the extra-terrestrial, they were not from the Huaxia Sector. According to Instructor Lu Kang, he had to be on guard against the people of the Huaxia Sector on the Mars battlefield.

“Someone is coming. Be careful. See if you recognize anyone,” Xu Tui suddenly shouted.

At the same time, the man from the Africa Sector had already reached the tenth circle. This speed was really godly! Even if the strongest alien elites had been killed by Xu Tui. However, the strength that this person displayed was too shocking, right?

With Xu Tui’s reminder, the Huaxia Sector students who had been chatting immediately became alert and entered battle mode. Due to the terrain of the crater, the Huaxia Sector elites in the third circle had already seen this fire-type supernatural being.@@novelbin@@

“It’s Millins, a teacher from the Africa Sector. Don’t worry, everyone.” The person who spoke was the third-year Dragon, Chu Wei.

“Is Millins very powerful?” Xu Tui asked.

The third-year dragon, Chu Wei, shook his head. “When I was in my second year, he was in his fourth year. He should have stayed in school as a teacher after he graduated. His strength is considered powerful in the Africa Sector. But it’s average here. I fought him once when I was in my second year. I had the upper hand,” Chu Wei said.

To be honest, as a third-year dragon, no one doubted Chu Wei’s ability. However, Xu Tui was a little suspicious. In the next moment, Xu Tui focused his mental perception on Chu Wei. It was the kind that he could accurately sense.

Chu Wei did not notice anything. Of course, he could not say that Chu Wei was bragging just because of this. Everyone’s abilities were different.

“Be careful. After all, they are not of our race!” Luo Murong let out a cold grunt and lowered his saber slightly.

Xu Tui smiled when he saw this. Not only was Luo Murong a young man in a Hanfu, but he was also a hardcore member of the Huaxia Family!

Cui Xi, Zhao Hailong, Miao Huanshan, and the others also assumed a defensive posture. There was no other reason. Millins from the Africa Sector had already appeared in front of everyone and was walking over from the tenth circle.

Four extraterrestrial elites surrounded him in the ninth circle. The flames spat out. One of the four alien elites died and three were injured.

In the eighth circle, two died and four were injured.

In the seventh circle, they retreated.

In the blink of an eye, Millins entered the sixth circle. However, he had no intention of stopping. He stepped into the fifth circle.

“Friend from the Africa Sector, stop!” Cui Xi’s face darkened. He raised his iron rod and warned, “This is the territory we are guarding. Don’t provoke us and let the alien invaders see us as a joke!”

Millins stopped on the fifth circle. The Huaxia Sector students heaved a sigh of relief. At least they were not enemies.

Millins looked Cui Xi up and down. “I want to go to the innermost circle to take a look. Is that okay?”

Cui Xi glanced at Xu Tui and paused. He shook his head and said, “No!”

“Why should we let you enter the territory we fought for?” Cui Xi refused.

Hearing this, Millins sighed softly. “The Huaxia Sector is indeed domineering!”

As soon as he said that, the students from the Huaxia Sector became nervous and vigilant. However, Millins did not take any further actions. He did not know how to deal with the Huaxia students. Should he forcefully chase them away or kill them directly?

Some looked at the third-year Dragon, Chu Wei, some looked at Luo Murong, and some looked at Xu Tui. In the innermost circle, no leader would make a decision.

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes. He quietly stopped cultivating and became alert.

“Let’s get Commander Li to handle it.” Someone immediately decided to contact Li Zhen, the strategic coordinator of the Phobos Combat Command. It was best to let these strategic coordinators handle such matters.

Under everyone’s gaze, Millins looked at his watch. After touching it for about a minute, Millins chuckled. “Time is up!” He raised his hands gently, and an incomparably blazing fire erupted with Millins as the center.

At the same time, a huge flaming hand suddenly reached out from behind Millins’s head. An extremely powerful mind power erupted. This huge flaming hand suddenly reached into the core of the tunnel.

The flames exploded again!

The moment the flames exploded, a ball of red crystal fell from the flaming hand into the core of the tunnel.