Chapter 544 - 544 Deterrence And Contribution Points (1)

544 Deterrence and Contribution Points (1)

The moment the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle was killed, most of the alien elites around them did not notice it. After all, there were too many battles. However, there was a flash of fire.

Almost the moment the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle was killed, Huo Li turned around and fled without hesitation. If Xu Tui and Zhao Hailong could kill the Golden Eagle together, they could also kill him. How could he not escape?

Xu Tui would naturally not sit back and watch Huo Li escape. The flying sword roared and spun quickly. It rushed in front of Huo Li and counterattacked. A pillar of light that Huo Li had prepared for deflected Xu Tui’s flying sword. Xu Tui would not be able to kill him with just his flying sword.

After all, Huo Li was also an expert at the Genetic Evolution Realm. However, the moment the flying sword was blocked, the mental hammer moved over. Xu Tui smashed down with his hammer.

Unexpectedly, Huo Li’s body tilted, but he still escaped crookedly. At this moment, Huo Li confirmed a thought. Escape! He had to escape Xu Tui’s range. He did not believe that Xu Tui’s combat range could cover the entire combat circle.

In comparison, Xu Tui’s mental hammer did much less damage to the Mechanical Spirit Race. This was also the reason why Huo Li could still run under the hammer. However, Xu Tui’s abilities were not limited to the mental hammer and the flying sword. He had other abilities. Moreover, Xu Tui’s combat range was really wide. Without considering the consumption, Xu Tui’s combat range could really cover the entire combat circle.@@novelbin@@

At this moment, Huo Li was only running out of the tenth circle.

On the other side, Zhao Hailong still wanted to join forces with Xu Tui to continue killing Huo Li. However, after shooting three arrows at the Golden Eagle, Zhao Hailong’s two opponents in the fourth circle attacked at the same time. At that moment, Zhao Hailong suddenly realized that working with Xu Tui felt great.

The two alien elites in front of him were both at the Genetic Evolution Realm, but they were weaker than the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle. However, after confronting each other for so long and fighting four to five times, neither side could do anything to the other.

Zhao Hailong could not kill them, nor could they kill him. They could only confront each other. However, he had killed the Golden Eagle happily just now. How awesome!

Zhao Hailong, who was being entangled, could only deal with the opponents in front of him. He could not help Xu Tui fight. It was also at this moment that Xu Tui suddenly waved his hand into the distance.

Large amounts of earth spikes suddenly rose in front of Huo Li. There was no time to dodge. A substantial energy barrier surged out of Huo Li’s body and stepped on it like a bulldozer. However, Huo Li still underestimated the power of Xu Tui’s Earth Spike.

Even though Xu Tui’s Earth Spike did not pierce through his incomparably thick energy shield, it still stopped him in his tracks.

This gave Xu Tui a chance.

The Mountain Formula! The mountain pressed down!

Boom!

Huo Li could only take it head-on. His feet were smashed into the ground. However, Huo Li was also crazy. It kept the energy shield and transferred all its energy to the energy shield. Not only that, but Huo Li also absorbed the origin energy crazily and injected it into its energy shield.

At this moment, Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula could only nail Huo Li into the ground like a nail. It could not kill Huo Li.

“Save me! Think of a way to save me!” Huo Li roared!

The surrounding alien elites were all thinking of a way. However, they were either too far away from Xu Tui or did not have the strength. They did not have the ability to save him.

Xu Tui smashed the Mountain Formula five times in a row. He could not help but sneer when he saw that Huo Li’s feet had been nailed half a meter into the ground. The Mountain Formula dissipated, and the mental hammer smashed down again. He only needed to shake it a little.

At the same time, the silver flying sword that was wandering in the distance instantly accelerated.

“No!” Huo Li knew how powerful Xu Tui’s flying sword was. While he was roaring in fear, he directly crushed the few Origin Crystals he had collected. The light of the energy shield protecting him instantly became extremely dazzling.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui’s mind power moved slightly. The flying sword suddenly began to spin. Triple Spiral!

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s flying sword was like a drill as it struck the energy barrier of Huo Li. It was blocked.

Huo Li actually blocked Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Huo Li detonated more than ten Origin Crystals in an instant. It did not hesitate to be injured by the explosion and injected all of its Origin Crystals into the energy barrier to block Xu Tui’s triple-spiral flying sword.

Xu Tui’s flying sword was still like a drill, drilling into the energy barrier of Huo Li. A cold smile appeared on Xu Tui’s face when he saw this.

“Go!” There was a soft shout and three sounds of air being torn apart.

In the next moment, the three flying swords dragged along a stream of light and collided with the silver flying sword that had flown up again. The energy barrier that was forcefully maintained by the continuously exploded Origin Crystals was shattered under the combined attacks of Xu Tui’s four flying swords.

The main flying sword directly entered the energy core of Huo Li. He killed Huo Li. The moment the energy core of Huo Li was shattered, it immediately disintegrated into hundreds of pieces.

Xu Tui’s four flying swords spun at the same time. One of the flying swords brought back a piece of Mechanical Spirit Alloy. Each piece was about a kilogram. This harvest was not bad!

The flying sword returned, and the mental hammer returned. Xu Tui saw that Zhao Hailong was fighting two alien Genetic Evolution Realm experts. He did not waste any time and used his consciousness to send a message to Zhao Hailong.

“Kill them!”

Almost at the same time, the mental hammer slammed down. There were two consecutive explosions. The minds of the two alien Genetic Evolution Realm experts were shaken on the spot. One of them trembled on the spot, while the other fell headfirst and was temporarily dizzy.