Chapter 541 - 541 Someone’S In The Tunnel?

541 Someone’s in the Tunnel?

Bu Luo’s death shook the surroundings!

The Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators who had come to attack Xu Tui under the orders of Huo Li and the Fission Race’s Golden Eagle reacted the fastest. The alien elite who was fighting Yan Lie reacted the fastest. He turned around and fled. However, the moment he fled, the mental hammer instantly flashed above his head.

Xu Tui smashed down with his hammer. Yan Lie pounced forward, and the saber light exploded. He achieved an absolute kill.

The water puppet was a little cumbersome. The Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator who had blocked the attack had already used up the three grams of Origin Crystals that he had thrown into the water puppet’s body. Its body had become a third smaller. It could not hold on much longer.

As Bu Luo was killed, its opponent also turned around and fled. However, he only managed to escape 50 meters before he was destroyed by Xu Tui’s sword in a flash of silver light. If he did not escape, he could still resist a little. Once he escaped, he would have no chance!

The elite of the Mechanical Spirit Race, who had been severely injured by Bu Luo, let out a despairing roar. He did not escape and counterattacked. He actually pounced toward Xu Tui. A terrifying energy fluctuation had already risen around him.

He was going to self-destruct! He knew that he had no hope of escaping. He wanted to self-destruct and die with Xu Tui.

Unfortunately, Xu Tui did not give him any chance. With a thought, the Mountain Formula appeared continuously. Two mountains smashed him into the ground.

Boom! The moment he was smashed into the ground, he exploded with a bang! However, he was still 50 meters away from Xu Tui. The energy shockwave from the self-destruction injured a portion of the alien elites.

In the blink of an eye, the five Genetic Evolution Realm experts who had surrounded Xu Tui and Yan Lie were all killed.

The expressions of the Golden Eagle and Huo Li became extremely shocked. Before Xu Tui could look at them, the two of them feinted and retreated. By the time Xu Tui heaved a sigh of relief and looked toward the innermost circle of the mountaintop, the Golden Eagle and Huo Li had already retreated 200 to 300 meters away. They retreated to the vicinity of the tenth circle opposite Xu Tui. Clearly, they were afraid.

Of course, this was wise. Since Xu Tui could kill Bu Luo under the siege, he would attack the two of them from both sides once he met up with An Xiaoxue. There was no need to mention the outcome. It was hard to say if they could escape! So they decided to leave early. They were extremely cunning.

Almost as soon as the Golden Eagle and Huo Li retreated to the tenth circle of the second circle, the alien elites fighting from the sixth to the third circle in front of Xu Tui retreated. They retreated extremely firmly.

The human teams that were fighting them were a little confused.

The two Genetic Evolution Realm experts and the floating mechanical spirit beast who were fighting Zhao Hailong also retreated immediately. However, the moment he retreated, the floating mechanical spirit beast was blasted apart by Zhao Hailong.

After Bu Luo was killed, the Golden Eagle and Huo Li retreated. If they did not retreat, would they stay and be killed? These three people were all leaders. Of course, there were also a small number of people who reacted slowly. They were still fighting.

Suddenly, they were stunned because they were surrounded by the human teams.

Xu Tui stared at Yan Lie, who was covered in wounds, as he looked at the retreating Golden Eagle and Huo Li. He shouted, “Continue killing!” At this moment, the attacks could not stop! He would be a coward if he stopped. They would not be able to continue fighting.

Yan Lie did not say anything else. He forced himself to hide and cooperated with Xu Tui. Xu Tui struck out with his mental hammer without hesitation. The remaining alien invasion elites in front of him were all hammered. Then, the flying sword followed.

With Yan Lie’s cooperation, Xu Tui and Yan Lie rushed to the innermost circle, where An Xiaoxue was, in less than 30 seconds.

Xu Tui finally heaved a sigh of relief after he met up with An Xiaoxue. His flying sword was still circling in the direction of the Golden Eagle and Huo Li. He slowly took out two bottles of Level B Active Energy Elixir, handed one to An Xiaoxue, and drank the other.

An Xiaoxue did not refuse. She also took the Level B Active Energy Elixir and drank it.

When the Level B Active Energy Elixir entered his body, Xu Tui’s exhausted mind power began to slowly recover. The flying sword raised slightly in the direction of the Golden Eagle. Xu Tui let out a provocative cry.

“Golden Eagle, if you have the guts, come and fight me! Since you dared to attack my teacher, my flying sword will cut off your dog head.”

The Golden Eagle of the Fission Race looked at Xu Tui, then at An Xiaoxue. It only understood now. It was no wonder that Xu Tui was so determined. It turned out that they were attacking Xu Tui’s teacher. However, the combat strength that An Xiaoxue had displayed previously was very shocking. Xu Tui had also killed Bu Luo, so his combat strength was also very terrifying.

At this moment, the Golden Eagle of the Fission Race was a little afraid when An Xiaoxue met up with Xu Tui. He did not dare to charge! However, it was impossible for him to just stay in the tenth circle. That would be too much of a loss. However, he was really afraid of charging forward.

As they carefully defended, the Golden Eagle and Huo Li began to command the nearby alien elites to fight. They slowly gathered and advanced. It was undeniable that the pressure on the human team was greatly reduced. At this moment, there were basically no more alien elites from the innermost circle to the fifth circle.

After the battle, Zhao Hailong slowly walked in front of Xu Tui. He stared at Xu Tui and suddenly said, “Murong is right. You do have the potential to fight for the throne.”

Yan Lie’s eyes suddenly lit up. He knew what Zhao Hailong meant. To be able to obtain such an evaluation from the Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, Xu Tui’s strength…

However, Yan Lie instantly calmed down. Did Xu Tui still need Zhao Hailong’s evaluation? There was probably no need for that, right? Xu Tui’s most dazzling battle record was killing Bu Luo, who was ranked second on the Hunting List, while he was surrounded by experts at the Genetic Evolution Realm. That was the shiniest signboard.

After today’s battle, Xu Tui no longer needed anyone’s confirmation. Xu Tui himself was the strength. This was his battle record.

Xu Tui still did not understand Zhao Hailong’s words. However, Zhao Hailong did not say anything more. He only looked at the innermost circle where Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue were standing and sighed softly.

“How many circles can the three of you control?”

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. He understood what Zhao Hailong meant. They were going to split the territory. It had to be like the number one energy overflow battle circle, where they would split into regions and obtain their gains.

“We… occupy three circles.” Xu Tui had wanted to say that they occupied the innermost area, but after thinking about it, if the three of them only occupied the innermost area, the benefits would be greatly reduced. So he opened his mouth and took three circles.

Each person would take one circle of the profits! Xu Tui had the right. In the beginning, An Xiaoxue was the one who defended the innermost circle and resisted the siege of Bu Luo, the Golden Eagle, and Huo Li.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui arrived, killed Bu Luo, and scared away the Golden Eagle and Huo Li. No one could object.

Xu Tui had wanted to take up four or even five circles. With the range of Xu Tui’s flying sword and mental hammer, it would not be a problem for him to defend an area of 100 meters with the cooperation of An Xiaoxue and Yan Lie. However, he could not be too greedy.

Xu Tui only wanted the first three circles.

Hearing this, Zhao Hailong nodded. “Then guard it well.” In the next moment, Zhao Hailong changed to a slightly better terrain and looked down. He raised his bow and shot at the alien elites who were still fighting around the area.

Zhao Hailong’s longbow had an extremely long range and an extremely fast shooting speed. Blood light rose as soon as the arrow was shot. Zhao Hailong drew his bow and arrows rained down. It was not until a minute later when Huo Li approached from another direction that Zhao Hailong was forced to stop temporarily.

“The three of us will split the profits from the three circles equally. We will each take one circle of the continuous battle merits,” Xu Tui took the initiative to say.

“I’ll get the contribution points for the third circle,” Yan Lie took the initiative to say.

“Okay!

Actually, this question between Xu Tui and An Xiaoxue did not matter. It was mainly because he wanted to make things clear first so that he would not hurt his teammates. Xu Tui finally heaved a sigh of relief when he sensed the slowly recovering mind power in his body. After a few minutes of recovery, he finally had 15% of his mind power.

Xu Tui had expended too much of his mind power in his battle with Bu Luo just now. After killing Bu Luo, Xu Tui’s mind power had dropped to a little more than 20%. Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have allowed the Golden Eagle and the others to retreat after he met up with An Xiaoxue. Instead, he would have to fight back.

“Yan Lie, rest for a while. I’ll be on guard first.” After giving his instructions, Xu Tui asked An Xiaoxue, “Miss An, how are you?”

“Not so bad.” An Xiaoxue’s voice was very soft, but Xu Tui could roughly tell that An Xiaoxue was not in a good state. At the very least, she had expended a lot of mind power.

“Miss An, do you know about the newly invented cultivation method of absorbing energy?”

“I know.”

“Do you have any useless mind power Origin Crystals?”

“Yes!”

“How big?”

“I have a 1.3-gram piece, but I haven’t extracted the mind power yet. If you don’t have it, I’ll give it to you first.”

“No, I have it. I prepared this for you.” As he spoke, Xu Tui handed the 5.4-grams mind power Origin Crystal that he had obtained to An Xiaoxue. He did not feel the pinch at all.

Yan Lie, who had just sat down to rest, was shocked. He looked at Xu Tui, then at An Xiaoxue. He felt a little relieved. This camaraderie…

“That big?” A piece of 5.4 grams of useless mind power Origin Crystal shocked An Xiaoxue. This was the first time she had seen such a large piece of useless mind power Origin Crystal. However, An Xiaoxue did not take it.

“It’s a little big. It’ll be a waste if I use it. Is there anything smaller? It’s enough for me to use one that is more than two grams,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was stunned. An Xiaoxue understood the problem of the flow of useless mind power Origin Crystals as a transit device. She should have used them before. However, An Xiaoxue did not have any useless mind power Origin Crystals. This question was a little problematic.

Did An Xiaoxue know about this? Xu Tui instantly thought of many things.

“Miss An, then you can use this 3.2-grams,” Xu Tui said with a hint of confusion.

“It’s still a little big, but I’ll use it first.” An Xiaoxue suddenly turned around and spoke the moment she received the 3.2-grams Origin Crystal. “Is the 0.8-gram one in your hand enough?”

As soon as she said that, Xu Tui was stunned. Was there someone here?

Xu Tui looked carefully toward the center of the tunnel. Damn, there was really someone! However, because the energy that gushed out and fell was extremely dense, he could not discover anyone, let alone see who it was.

“Miss An, who is this?” Xu Tui was stunned.