Chapter 545 - 545 Deterrence And Contribution Points (2)

545 Deterrence and Contribution Points (2)

Zhao Hailong easily killed these two Genetic Evolution Realm experts.

Xu Tui retracted his flying sword and slowly circled above his head. The mental hammer was also floating above his head. He panted slightly. He had just recovered 30% of his mind power. Now, it has dropped to about 10% after killing Golden Eagle and Huo Li.

Xu Tui’s mind power was still recovering after he consumed the Level B Active Energy Elixir. However, he did not dare to continue fighting. He was already holding the mind power Origin Crystal that he had not dared to absorb. If it was an emergency, Xu Tui would definitely replenish his mind power immediately.

Xu Tui had a headache. In the past, mind power Origin Crystals were a little expensive, but they could still be bought. However, from now on, mind power Origin Crystals were not easy to obtain.

Mind power Origin Crystals were the only way to quickly recover mind power in a state of emergency. He had to save it. If he had the chance in the future, he had to prepare one or two more of these things. However, as Xu Tui killed the Golden Eagle and Huo Li from afar, he could finally stop for a while.

All the alien elites were shocked. Just now, Golden Eagle was killed in the seventh circle, and Huo Li was killed in the 12th circle. What did that mean? It meant that Xu Tui could easily kill the extraterrestrial elites in the 12th circle.

In an instant, the alien elites fighting in the 12th and even the 15th circle felt that it was not safe. Xu Tui looked over with his flying swords circling. This causes their expressions to change drastically. The battle was greatly affected. Some teams even retreated as a whole. This was especially so for the elites of the alien invasion in the fourth, fifth, and sixth circles. They all retreated!

The two alien elites who had fought Zhao Hailong in the fourth circle were originally evenly matched with Zhao Hailong. But why did they suddenly die? They were killed cleanly by Zhao Hailong?

All the intelligent extraterrestrial elites thought of Xu Tui. They then thought about how Xu Tui and Zhao Hailong had worked together to kill the Golden Eagle. Xu Tui must have used some method to trick them. However, even the Golden Eagle and Huo Li could be killed. What about them, who were weaker than the Golden Eagle?

If they stayed any closer to Xu Tui, they would not be considered stubborn. They were stupid. In an instant, almost all of the extraterrestrial elites in the fourth and fifth circles were gone. However, there were still many alien elites in the sixth and seventh circles. Some were greedy, while others stayed based on various analyses.

But what was certain was that Xu Tui’s killing of the Golden Eagle and Huo Lo had greatly reduced the pressure on the human team. Xu Tui gritted his teeth and sneered as he looked at the alien elites who were still in the sixth and seventh circles.@@novelbin@@

It was best to keep it.

Wait for his mind power to recover! When his mind power recovered, these guys would all be contribution points!

Zhao Hailong suddenly realized that he had no opponents in front of him. He turned around and looked at Xu Tui. He nodded slightly in greeting. Then, he drew his bow again. This time, no one was watching him. He could be a cannon for once!

Other than a few human teams, there was no one else in the fourth and fifth circles. Xu Tui finally heaved a sigh of relief. He slowly scanned the area and put the mental hammer back into his body. The flying sword circled around vigilantly. Xu Tui also held the 5.4-grams useless mind power Origin Crystal. He cultivated while being on guard.

Xu Tui had never cultivated in the innermost circle. So he was shocked when he started cultivating.

This concentration! It was simply…

It was about eight times that of the 43rd circle, five times that of the 17th, and three times that of the seventh. It was too dense!

At the start, the energy surged into his body like a tide. Xu Tui even felt that he could not guide it in time. The Origin Energy in his body was overflowing. This was especially so since Xu Tui was using a 5.4-grams useless Origin Crystal as a transit device.

Xu Tui felt that he would be able to strengthen a genetic base point to Level 2 silver in two to three minutes if he trained with all his might in the innermost circle. As long as his body could withstand it.

Even if Xu Tui was distracted by his cultivation and was on guard while cultivating, his cultivation speed was still very fast. He could strengthen one genetic base point to Level 2 silver in about five minutes.

Ever since the consecutive high-intensity battles yesterday, whether it was the siege by the alien elites yesterday or today’s battle with Bu Luo and the Golden Eagle, Xu Tui’s shortcoming of total mind power had been completely exposed.

His total mind power was not enough. Even though he had activated a lot of genetic base points, his total mind power was still not enough.

Others took years or even decades of effort. What about Xu Tui? It had only been seven months since he entered the school in mid-June last year. He did not have enough foundation or accumulation. If he had enough mind power, Xu Tui would have the confidence to use his flying sword to kill all the alien elites within ten circles. He could even expand the range of his attacks.

However, his mind power was not enough.

Xu Tui was actually on guard and cultivating while recovering his mind power. Therefore, Xu Tui did not hesitate to direct his energy toward the genetic base points on his 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain.

Strengthening the genetic base points on the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain and increasing his mind power. In less than five minutes, a genetic base point was strengthened to Level 2 silver.

Xu Tui felt his mind shake slightly. The total amount of his mind power had increased slightly.

However, that was only in terms of percentage.

Xu Tui’s total mind power was getting higher and higher. The percentage of mind power that increased with every level-two silver genetic base point he strengthened was also getting lower and lower. However, the total amount of mind power that increased did not change.

Currently, a large genetic base point of the 72-point could increase Xu Tui’s total mind power by 1%.

Previously, when he strengthened the other genetic ability chains, a portion of the genetic base point functions were intersected and had already been strengthened to Level 2 silver.

Currently, there were less than 60 genetic base points in the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain that were Level 1.

Xu Tui estimated that his total mind power would increase by more than 50% if all of his genetic base points were strengthened to Level 2 silver. After the total amount of mind power increased by 50%, the mental hammer and the mental whip would definitely be able to last longer. The consumption of the mental hammer and the mental whip was definitely not a percentage.

That was just a more convenient estimate that Xu Tui had made previously.

Xu Tui cultivated for about 15 minutes. He had just strengthened three genetic base points when his gaze suddenly shifted. He looked not far behind him. A Huaxia man in a standard extraterrestrial combat uniform walked over. He greeted Xu Tui from afar.

“I am the strategic coordinator of the Phobos’ Combat Command here, Li Zhen!”

“Li Zheng?”

Li Zhen, who had just rushed over and had been misunderstood many times, quickly said, “Li Zhen.”

“Oh, Commander Li, your job is the same as Zhu Lang’s, right? You’re responsible for coordinating the Huaxia Sector, right?”

“I’m responsible for coordinating all the districts. Of course, I’m mainly responsible for the Huaxia Sector. You will be rewarded with additional contribution points for defending the first five circles of the energy overflow circle for a certain period of time. You guys…” The first three circles were almost empty. Li Zhen could not understand.

“The first three circles belong to us,” Xu Tui said.

Li Zhen took a look. This was a little against the rules. However, it was hard to say. The Tiger of Huaxia, Zhao Hailong, was staying in the fourth circle. He could only let it go for the time being.

“Then how should we record the details? All of you are in the inner circle, but according to the rules, there is only one person in the inner circle. There can be two people in the second circle and three to four people in the third circle,” Li Zhen asked.

“How are the contribution points calculated?”

“The innermost circle is 10 battle merits per minute, it will start counting after 15 minutes of defense. The second circle is 9 points per minute. The third circle is 8 points per minute. The fourth circle is 7 points per minute. The fifth circle is 6 points per minute. Look, how are you going to choose the candidates? So that I can report it to the higher-ups?” Li Zhen said.

“Candidate? Commander Li, can’t we be considered a team?”

“The first five circles will reward you with special contribution points. So no! Or the contribution points will be accumulated in the team and split equally among the team. This is the rule. I have no choice.” Li Zhen was helpless.

Xu Tui looked at An Xiaoxue, then at himself. He then looked at Yan Lie and Bian Yuan. How should he split them?