Chapter 547 - 547 Bringing The Classmates To Harvest (2)

547 Bringing The Classmates to Harvest (2)

Xu Tui’s social circle was very narrow. However, he still had a lot of spots. “Murong, I have a few spots here. You can bring your comrades over.”

Far away, Luo Murong looked at Xu Tui, who was in the innermost circle, then looked at his position. In the end, he decided to go. Why should he not take the contribution points that he had obtained for free? How many people could he bring?

Luo Murong wanted to ask, but he immediately realized something and could not express his opinion. However, Luo Murong was not stupid. He extended four fingers toward Xu Tui from afar. He was asking whether four people are fine.

“Four people, right? Bring them over.”

It should be Luo Murong’s team. There were still a few spots. Xu Tui scanned the area with his mind power and suddenly noticed Cui Xi. Perhaps it was because of the second energy overflow circle, but Cui Xi, the second-year Tiger, was not weak either. At this moment, he appeared in the eleventh circle.

“Brother Cui, I have a few spots for rewards. Bring your team over.”

Cui Xi was also stunned. He turned around and looked at Xu Tui, who was in the innermost circle. He stared from afar and expressed his doubts. Was he hallucinating?

“I’m the one talking to you. Bring your team over. There are spots for all four of you.”

Cui Xi was tongue-tied. Damn it. Xu Tui could talk to him, but he could not. This feeling was really uncomfortable.

“Ahem, ahem!” When he saw that Luo Murong had already led his men to charge over, the agent beside him cleared his throat and attracted Xu Tui’s attention.

“Commander Li, what’s the matter?”

“Oh, Student Xu Tui, it’s like this. There’s a student in the eighth circle. She’s also very powerful. It should be useful for her to defend here,” Li Zhen said.

Xu Tui rolled his eyes at Li Zhen when he heard that. If you want to get a relative or friend to take advantage of the situation, just say so. Why did you say that the student in the eighth circle is powerful?

Useful? Bah! The Golden Eagle and Huo Li had been killed. As long as Xu Tui stood here, anyone who came over would be benefiting for nothing. Shameless!

Li Zhen remained calm even after Xu Tui rolled his eyes at him. Weren’t they taking advantage of the situation? In addition, they were taking advantage of the six sectors. Since it’s like this, couldn’t everyone take advantage of the situation together?

“That student’s surname is Li, and her name is Li Zheng. She’s easy to recognize. She has several accessories made of blue Origin Crystals on her body. She’s very tall and beautiful. The shape of her face is a little similar to mine. She’s a fourth-year student,” Li Zhen introduced.

Xu Tui glanced at Li Zhen. How could a person’s face be beautiful when it’s similar to you? Who would believe you! However, following Li Zhen’s guidance, Xu Tui indeed found such a girl in the eighth circle. Just her aura and dressing showed that she was a water-type supernatural being.

The shape of her face was really similar to Li Zhen’s. However, she looked rather beautiful. Was it because of the bonus points for superpowers?

“How is it? Isn’t she beautiful?” Li Zhen laughed when he felt that Xu Tui had found Li Zheng.

“She should have a team. Isn’t it inappropriate to ask her to come alone?” Xu Tui felt that An Xiaoxue’s aura seemed to have moved slightly when Li Zhen said that the girl was beautiful. He did not know if it was an illusion. It was better to make less comments.

“Then get her entire team over here.”

“There are three people in her team. There aren’t enough spots.”

“It’s fine. I have a certain degree of freedom to adjust the amount. I can add one or two spots to each of the fourth and fifth circles.” Li Zhen smiled.

“…”

What did it mean to be a professional in taking advantage of the situation? Li Zhen was the perfect example! Xu Tui was a newcomer who had just started learning how to do that.

“You’re so attentive. Is she your daughter?”

“My eldest niece! You can get to know her later.” Li Zhen smiled.

Xu Tui did not dare to reply when he felt An Xiaoxue’s aura move behind him. You’d better not harm me.

The process of contacting Li Zheng went smoothly. The water-type female supernatural being turned around and understood when she saw Li Zhen. Soon, she led the team and charged over. Luo Murong had already arrived.

On the other hand, there was a problem with Cui Xi. He was stopped! He actually felt like he could not rush over in a short period of time.

Of course, this was not a problem for Xu Tui. The flying sword suddenly whistled out. The flying sword flashed a few times in a row, one for each sword. It was a long-range solution to Cui Xi and the others’ problems.

With Xu Tui’s flying sword clearing the way, Cui Xi and the other three quickly arrived nearby. After that, Li Zhen, this cunning person, arranged everything happily. Luo Murong, who was closest to Xu Tui, was naturally arranged to be in the third circle. This guy had actually shamelessly arranged for his niece, Li Zheng, to be in the third circle too.

“A water-type supernatural being is like a cannon inside. It will definitely be useful.”

Xu Tui was speechless. He was too thick-skinned. However, it did not matter. It was just a circle. Just 1 point difference. Moreover, he still needed the cooperation of Li Zhen, the strategic coordinator in this situation.

In a few minutes, the surrounding areas were arranged properly. Li Zhen even personally recorded a video. In an instant, the first four circles of the second tunnel were all students from the Huaxia Sector. In the fifth circle, half of them were also students from the Huaxia Sector.@@novelbin@@

The battle points awarded for these five circles were divided equally among the various alliances. There were also value guarantees like Origin Crystals. In other words, Xu Tui had gathered so many students from the Huaxia Sector to take advantage of the other five sectors. The more time they spent standing here, the more the other five alliances would pay.

In the past, the positions of the five circles were basically split equally among the genius students of the various sectors. Even if there was a difference, it was not big.

However, this time, a freak like Xu Tui appeared. The students from the Huaxia Sector had basically taken care of the five inner circles.

But it was strange. Xu Tui had not seen the top students of the other sectors.

For example, the number one expert in the American Sector, Bobran, and the number two expert in the American Sector, Li An, had not been seen. These two people were the first to leave the number one Energy Overflow Tunnel. There were almost no elite students in the India Sector. He did not know what they had gone to do.

However, it was good that they did not come. The students from the Huaxia Sector happened to take advantage of the situation.

“Alright, you guys guard the place. I’ll leave first,” Li Zhen said after he was done.

“Wait a moment.”

“Anything else?”

“By the way, Commander Li, you all have the right to replenish some emergency supplies for the students who have contributed or fought a huge battle, right?”

“That’s right, yes!”

“These resources are also split equally among the six alliances?”

“Of course!”

“Then look at me. I expended a lot of energy just now. Shouldn’t you replenish some emergency supplies for me?” Xu Tui said.

Li Zhen was stunned! Was he addicted to taking advantage of others? However, in theory, it was possible. “I see. According to your results, I can give you two bottles of Level B Active Energy Elixir.”

“How about five bottles?”

“Three bottles at most. That’s all I have.”

“Then give a bottle to Yan Lie too.”

Li Zhen was speechless, but he still nodded.

“Also, mind power Origin Crystal…”

“That won’t do.”

“I’ve killed so many extraterrestrial elites. My mind power is almost depleted. I have to replenish my mind power quickly.” Xu Tui stared at Li Zhen.

“Commander Li, you must have one!”

“This… My rights have been lowered. I only have one piece left. Alright, I’ll give it to you!” Li Zhen was helpless. Who asked him to state his conditions just now?

“Perfect!”

Xu Tui accepted a mind power Origin Crystal and felt very good. He felt good taking advantage of the situation.

After Li Zhen left, Xu Tui suddenly discovered another benefit.

Safety.

Xu Tui was in the innermost circle. The students in the second circle, the third circle, and the fourth circle were all from the Huaxia Sector. Moreover, Xu Tui was familiar with many of them. He could even trust them. For example, Luo Murong, Cui Xi, Miao Huanshan, and Yan Xuejin could be trusted.

Xu Tui no longer needed to be on guard when they were at the periphery. He simply sat cross-legged on the ground and started cultivating with all his might. Without any interference, Xu Tui could strengthen a genetic base point to Level 2 silver in just two minutes.

Xu Tui’s strength increased rapidly. The surrounding Huaxia Sector students were also stunned when they saw Xu Tui continuously absorbing energy into his body.

However, 15 minutes later, a cry of surprise suddenly interrupted Xu Tui’s cultivation.