Chapter 542 - 542 Abnormal Signal

542 Abnormal Signal

The moment Xu Tui stepped into the center of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel, the originally extinguished light in the pitch-black hall lit up again.

“After searching, Long-term Observation Target Number 37 has arrived at the designated trial field. The trial program has officially been activated!”

“Warning, there are insufficient parameters in the trial arena. Countless are being activated normally. Requesting instructions from Number One!”

...

“Number One did not respond for a long time. We will deal with it according to the emergency procedure.”

“The emergency procedure for the trial field cannot be activated.”

“Awaken the Mars base.”

“The Mars base awakening failed.”

“The awakening of the Mars base has failed. Requesting instructions from Number One.”

“No reply from Number One for a long time.”

“Continue trying to wake up the Mars base. Long-term observation target number 37 has temporarily entered the free trial!”

“…”

…

In front of Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, a dozen large screens flickered at the same time. The messages sent by the various operations teams were constantly flashing on the large screens.

Behind Nilab sat four senior staff officers from the India Sector. They were also helping Nilab constantly analyze and record information from all sides.

“Director, the concentration of energy gushing out of the Energy Overflow Tunnel in Area 18 has fallen to the initial 50%. It’s still falling. It was expected to drop to the initial 25% within four hours.

“The confrontation between the two sides of the Energy Overflow Tunnel in Area 24 had already begun to stabilize.

“Currently, be it the main force of the alien elites, the main force of the human battle team, or the low-level intelligenceless army, they had already gathered at the Energy Overflow Tunnel of Area 24.

“I think that the time has come for us to act,” a senior staff officer took the initiative to say.

Nilab looked at the various messages on the screen and asked without looking back, “What about the rest of you? What do you think? Has the time to act arrived?”

“Director, I think so too. We can start taking action now.”

“Director, the operation can begin. The only problem we have to consider now is whether the other alliances, especially the Huaxia Sector and the Russian Federation, have taken any action against us,” a senior staff officer said.

“There might be, but it will also be extremely secretive. They can’t do this openly.”

Nilab shook his head and suddenly smiled. “Since everyone has similar opinions, shall I give the order?”

“Director, give the order!”

“Okay!

Nilab did not give the order directly. Instead, he first headed to the top floor of the India Sector’s general base office building on the moon, which was the room where the Planetary realm martial artist, Itavi, was.

After entering the room, Nilab first bowed slightly to Itavi. Then, he gently touched an Origin Crystal floating in front of Itavi before saying, “Lord Itavi, it’s about time. We can act according to the plan.”

The Origin Crystal was touched. Itavi, who had been closing his eyes, trembled slightly and opened them. “Are we going to take action?”

“Yes, Lord Itavi. Please proceed as planned.”

“Alright. With my current distance, I should be able to reach the Energy Overflow Tunnel in Area 24 in about 30 minutes to carry out the operation.”

“Thank you for your hard work, Lord Itavi. The other operations teams will take action in 35 minutes.”

“Are there any matters that I need to complete after I complete my assigned mission?” Itavi suddenly asked.

Hearing this, Nilab looked up at Itavi and began to think carefully. Itavi had sent the mark of his consciousness into the Mars battlefield through a secret technique, even though the carrier of the mark was the Genetic Evolution Realm. However, there were levels to the power that the same equipment could unleash in the hands of specialists and experts.

There was no doubt that Itavi was one of the top experts in the world. There was no doubt that Itavi had the power to turn something rotten into something magical. In other words, Itavi could definitely unleash power that far exceeded the Genetic Evolution Realm on the Mars battlefield. He had to consider carefully how to use this power.

“Lord Itavi, how long can you last on the Mars battlefield after you activate the consciousness mark? Was there a possibility that you could rush back to the vicinity of the Energy Overflow Tunnel in Area 18? If you can rush back, the difficulty of establishing a Mars base will be greatly reduced.”

Hearing this, Itavi shook his head slowly. “I can’t rush back. In theory, I should have three minutes left after I complete my goal.”

“Three minutes.” This time was indeed a little short. Nilab felt a little regretful. “If that’s the case, please try your best to kill the geniuses of the other sectors in the last three minutes. If possible, the geniuses of our India Sector have to become the top of this generation!” Nilab said.

“Kill the geniuses of the other sectors?” Itavi nodded. “I’ll be more mysterious and not use my signature power.”

“If we were all as wise as Lord Itavi, our India Sector would have long been the overlord of the extra-terrestrial.”

Itavi smiled, accepting Nilab’s compliment.

“Lord Itavi, if you have a choice, prioritize killing the genius elites of the Huaxia Sector, the Russian Federation, the European Sector, and the American Sector,” Nilab added.

“I know.”

Nilab nodded when he heard that. He bowed again before leaving.

Nilab, who had returned to the office, no longer had the deference he needed to face Itavi. He began to give orders under the gazes of several senior staff officers and security personnel.

“Team One, we expect a signal in thirty-five minutes. We’ll act according to plan immediately in thirty-five minutes.”

“Team Two, the operation will begin in 35 minutes. Please start cleaning according to your plan…”

“.....”

…

At the battle circle of the first tunnel.

Black Eagle, who was ranked first on the Hunting List, looked at Li Zhouchen, who was opposite him, then glanced at the energy overflow pillar that had become thinner. He suddenly smiled. “How long do you plan to persist with me?”

Li Zhouchen, who was cultivating with his eyes half-closed, raised his eyelids slightly and said coldly, “When I killed you.”

“The concentration of energy gushing here has already decreased by 50%. It’s still decreasing. There’s no point in wasting time, right? Did you humans invent a way to directly absorb energy?”

Li Zhouchen stared at Black Eagle again. “There’s a point in killing you!”

The Black Eagle sneered and stopped talking. In fact, Black Eagle could not sit still anymore. The concentration of energy here was constantly decreasing. Many people on the periphery had already left. Most of the alien elites who were guarding this place had special missions.

Yes, they also had a mission! For example, guarding the energy overflow channel and preventing humans from solidifying the energy channel again. Once the humans solidified the energy overflow tunnel and established a new base, their situation would only become more difficult during the Mars Tide next year.

Therefore, even though the concentration of energy here was constantly decreasing, a portion of the alien elites did not leave. Those who could leave had all left.

Black Eagle could leave, but he did not have the conditions to leave. For Black Eagle, increasing his cultivation level was his top priority. It would be a loss if he stayed any longer.

It was also at this moment that a crystal on the Black Eagle’s chest started to heat up. A voice suddenly came from the crystal. The voice made Black Eagle’s expression change drastically.

Bu Luo had died in battle! The inner three circles of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel were completely dominated by the humans. They were asking for help!

“Are the Golden Eagle and Huo Li both trash?” Black Eagle cursed.

“The other party is very strong, and there’s more than one person! You should have noticed that Xu Tui. He was the one who killed Bu Luo alone. If we charge forward, we will be sending ourselves to our deaths.”

“Xu Tui?” Black Eagle immediately remembered the human youth he had stared at. Was this human youth that strong? He shouldn’t be that strong, right?

“Currently, the three inner circles, where the energy is the densest and where the Origin Crystals are the most, are all occupied by those humans. Even I only dare to stay around the seventh circle.” This was the voice of the Golden Eagle.

This time, Black Eagle was really shocked. It knew all too well how strong was the Golden Eagle of the Fission Race. Previously, he was the person who guarded the second circle of the first tunnel. At this moment, he only dared to stay near the seventh circle in the second tunnel. This meant that the situation near the second Energy Overflow Tunnel was really bad!

“Black Eagle, come. Once you’re here, we’ll join forces and kill these guys,” the Golden Eagle said.

“Golden Eagle, you know my mission. I want to leave too, but all the conditions are not met,” Black Eagle said faintly.

The Black Eagle had a certain level of autonomy, but it was not satisfied. For example, restraining the number one expert of the human team. Currently, the number one expert of the human team is Li Zhouchen. If Li Zhouchen did not move, he could not move either.

“I can’t leave here unless the inspector orders it,” Black Eagle added.

“I’ll use my emergency rights to contact the inspector. If you can’t come over, we’ll be considered useless in the second Energy Overflow Tunnel.” After the Golden Eagle finished speaking, it hung up.

A few minutes later, a figure suddenly sat up on a huge meteorite in the distant space of Mars. “What is it?”

“Sir Inspector, an extremely powerful enemy has appeared in the second energy overflow circle. We are completely at a disadvantage in the second energy overflow circle. Sir, please order the Black Eagle to support us,” the Golden Eagle said.

This alien inspector could be said to be the elite of the elites. He immediately imagined and reacted to the Golden Eagle’s meaning. “Useless! No!” After cursing, the inspector directly rejected the Golden Eagle’s request.

“Compared to your gains, the mission that Black Eagle shoulders is more important! If you want to gain something, risk your life. Don’t think about affecting the overall situation,” the inspector said.

In the battle circle of the second energy tunnel on Mars, Golden Eagle helplessly cut off the communication. However, after the alien inspector hung up on the huge meteorite that was rapidly approaching Mars, his expression suddenly changed.

“Oh, why are there such fluctuations on Mars? This had not appeared for many years. Could something have happened?” As he muttered, the inspector made an emergency call. “Fire Eye Three to Forward Base. Fire Eye Three to Forward Source.”

“Forward base received. Fire Eye Three, please speak.”

“During the Mars energy tide, I noticed an abnormal signal on Mars during the monitoring process. It was suspected to be an origin fluctuation.

“Request the forward base to conduct remote sensing of Mars to determine if my judgment is correct to determine the next course of action. Repeat, request the forward base to conduct remote sensing of Mars to determine if my judgment is correct to determine the next course of action. It’s extremely important!”

“Roger that. It has been reported. Please wait a moment! According to the rules, please transmit further abnormal signal frequencies. Please elaborate.”

“Understood.”

The inspector named Fire Eye Number Three looked in the direction of Mars from the meteorite. At this distance, he could only sense it slightly. This kind of microsenses was achieved through other arrangements on Mars. It was not enough to sense it clearer.@@novelbin@@

After some thought, Fire Eye Number Three suddenly slapped the huge meteorite. In the next moment, this huge meteorite instantly accelerated. Accompanied by the faint light on Fire Eye Number Three’s body, it began to rapidly advance in the direction of the distant Mars.