Chapter 553 - 553 Fire Eye Number Three’S Order (2)

553 Fire Eye Number Three’s Order (2)

Xu Tui quickly reduced the speed of his instantiation treatment and covered his jacket on him. If something really happened and he was still half-naked, Xu Tui estimated that Luo Murong’s golden saber would immediately attack his head.

Luo Murong sat up in pain. His clothes slipped off, and the black skin on his chest fell off layer by layer. He was stunned. He was completely stunned!

“You,” Luo Murong suddenly curled up his body. He looked at Xu Tui, but he did not know what to say. Should he scold Xu Tui for treating him?

Fortunately, Xu Tui had covered him up. He held Xu Tui’s sweaty combat uniform. He could neither throw it away nor put it on. There were tears in his eyes.

The powerful man just now was about to cry! Xu Tui cursed in his heart.

“I have spare clothes in my backpack. Help me take it,” Luo Murong said a few seconds later.

Someone immediately carried it over, but Xu Tui gave him a thumbs-up. As expected of Luo Murong. He actually brought spare clothes when he went out to fight.

Next, Xu Tui treated the severely injured students one by one. Li Zheng, a water-type supernatural being, also assisted in the treatment.

Xu Tui was stunned when he treated Cui Xi. Cui Xi’s left arm and half of his shoulder were gone. It was incinerated! Xu Tui felt extremely sad when he saw this. Old Cui was from the Extreme Branch. Without an arm, he would be considered crippled.@@novelbin@@

“I’m fine. Hurry up and do it. It hurts a little!” Cui Xi gritted his teeth and urged Xu Tui with a strange smile. He waved his right hand as he urged Xu Tui, “Don’t worry. Even though I only have one hand, my iron rod is still useful.”

The more Cui Xi laughed, the heavier the hearts of the people around him. A genius student from the Extreme Branch and a second-year Tiger had lost an arm…

“Why are you all so depressed? I’m not dead!”

Li Zhen walked over and slapped Cui Xi’s right shoulder. “Good man, I saw how you fought. Don’t be afraid. There are already limb clones in the extra-terrestrial. You were injured by a powerful enemy during the battle. I’ll inject you with the Genetic Chain Recovery Elixir for free. You’ll grow back in a few days.”

Cui Xi laughed again. “Look, what are all of you doing! I knew it. It’s just an arm. It will definitely grow back. Look at you!” As he laughed, Cui Xi twisted his head and shook his eyes. Tears fell.

Xu Tui shook his head. Cui Xi’s personality was really…

Xu Tui was about to use the tears he had shed to materialize a small water puppet. He thought about how Old Cui had risked his life to block a powerful enemy for him just now and decided not to do this.

It took a few minutes to treat most of them.

“Commander Li, what exactly is this red pillar of light?”

“What’s Millins’s goal after all this time?”

“From the looks of it, the Ghost Fire Man really wants to kill Xu Tui. What exactly does he want to do?”

“This Millins is a teacher from the Africa Sector. Is the Africa Sector trying to cause trouble?”

The students spoke one after another. Li Zhen also frowned. He could not answer any of the students’ questions. “I’ll report the strange situation here and see what the higher-ups have to say!” Li Zhen was also very helpless. He really did not know.

Many people were looking over from all directions. After all, the battle just now and the red pillar of light were very eye-catching.

After Li Zhen left, the students continued to guard this place. He had originally wanted to send Cui Xi to the Mars base for treatment. However, Cui Xi did not want to leave. He wanted to stay here for a few more days. He would think about it after he got more battle merits. In any case, he had lost an arm. He had to get something back!

…

In the quiet room on the top floor of the India Sector’s office building.

Pfft! Itavi, who had been in a state of silence, suddenly trembled. He opened his eyes and spat out a mouthful of blood. The aura around him suddenly dropped. His eyes dimmed.

A few minutes later, Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, arrived.

Nilab, who had rushed over, was shocked. It had only been half an hour since they had last seen each other. It was as if Itavi had aged more than a decade. Nilab was shocked.

“Lord Itavi, the mission failed?” Nilab was very worried by Itavi’s appearance.

“The main mission is completed. The red pillar of light has been activated. The signal source has been activated.” Itavi panted. 10% of his mind power had dropped. Even though he was a Planetary realm powerhouse, he still felt a little uncomfortable. At the same time, it also meant that his strength had dropped by 10%.

“Then what about you, Sir?”

“The elites of the Huaxia Sector in the second tunnel are extremely powerful. The two teachers are also very powerful. In the last three minutes, I failed to kill a large number of elite students from the Huaxia Sector. In the end, the will imprinted body was besieged by them,” said Itavi.

“Sir, you’ve worked hard. You just have to complete the main mission. As long as the signal source is activated, our suggestion for the Mars base this time will basically be stable,” Nilab said.

But Itavi shook his head. “No, they didn’t just kill Millins, who was possessed by my will imprinted body. They returned fire and killed my will imprint. My will imprinted body did not dissipate naturally. Instead, it was killed. I’m afraid it will be a little troublesome.”

Nilab was stunned. “What kind of trouble?”

“Originally, no one could connect me with the identity of Millins. However, if they killed my will imprint, my will imprint would naturally condense mind power Origin Crystal.”