Chapter 555 - 555 Command Of The Forward Base (1)

555 Command of the Forward Base (1)

The commander of the Phobos Base was called Chedamovich. He came from the Russian Federation. He was a lieutenant general of the Blue Star and a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse. He was also the commander of the Mars battlefield.

The position of the Mars battlefield Commander was not fixed. It would rotate among the six alliances every few years.@@novelbin@@

At the same time, there were also five secondary commanders. Actually, this was also the biggest problem with the Blue Star’s power in the extra-terrestrial—the order was given by the six alliances.

The six major alliances coexisted and fought together. There were also open and hidden battles in private. Major problems had to be resolved through meetings. The efficiency was not high.

Li Zhen, the strategic coordinator of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel, reported the betrayal of Millins and the abnormal phenomenon of the Energy Overflow Tunnel.

Regarding the betrayal of the human race by Millins from the Africa Sector, the Mars battlefield Commander, Chedamovich could only investigate the situation. Investigate everything related to Millins!

It would not make sense to conclude that something was wrong with the Africa Sector based on Millins’s actions. In this day and age, which alliance had not produced a traitor? There were even many traitors who shouted that they did everything for the Blue Star.

Investigation required time.

What was more troublesome was the abnormality at the second tunnel. The red pillar of light shot into the sky. There was no need for remote sensing. One could see the abnormalities with the naked eye. Then what exactly had happened to the tunnel?

Commander Chedamovich of the Mars Battlefield called for another virtual projection meeting. The people participating in the meeting were mainly planetary-level and quasi-planetary-level existences, as well as some experts from the various alliances and the Extraterrestrial Genetic Research Institute.

During the meeting, the experts and planetary-level and quasi-planetary-level powerhouses expressed their opinions, but there were no conclusions. They had never seen such a change. If they wanted to study it, they needed further detection and close observation. They needed more data.

At the same time, the person-in-charge of the extraterrestrial, Lieutenant General Wei Bin, also made an emergency contact with the principal of the Extraterrestrial Genetic Evolution College, Cai Shaochu.

“Old Cai, did you see the image I transmitted to you just now? Why do I remember you mentioning to me that the Mars Energy Overflow Tunnel turned red a few years ago?” Wei Bin asked anxiously.

“I did.” Cai Shaochu was as calm as ever. “The Mars Energy Overflow Tunnel did turn red during the year when we first arrived on Mars and discovered the Energy Overflow Tunnel.”

“Then what happened? What changes will it affect?” Wei Bin quickly asked.

“I don’t know!”

Wei Binwei, who had an expectant expression, was stunned. “Old Cai, you can’t be so petty, right? Isn’t it just last time…”

“Scram! Cai Shaochu glared at Wei Bin. “I’m only petty to outsiders! If I were petty to you, you would have died long ago!”

“Then why do you say you don’t know?” Cai Shaochu was not exaggerating at all. As a lieutenant general, Wei Bin did not say any other nonsense.

“I really don’t know. I know about this because Shang Long mentioned it occasionally.”

“Elder Shang.” Wei Bin immediately frowned. “Are you still unable to contact Elder Shang?”

“There was no response when I went there.”

“Then how should we deal with the red mutation in the second tunnel? The five circles in the second tunnel are all our elites!”

This time, it was Cai Shaochu’s turn to change his expression. “How could this be? How could the five inner circles be filled with our people? What about the elite students of the other sectors? They can’t possibly allow our students to pick up Origin Crystals and continue to improve, right?”

“That’s why you don’t know, right? That’s right, the student you think highly of, Xu Tui. This is his work.” Wei Bin explained Xu Tui’s situation in general. He also included some of the images transmitted and the various analyses of the general staff.

“This kid is leading his seniors to take advantage of the situation,” Cai Shaochu said faintly.

“That’s right! Not only did he bring people to take advantage of the situation, but he’s also quite cunning. He brought so many people so that the law does not punish numerous offenders,” Wei Bin said.

“The law does not punish numerous offenders?” Cai Shaochu glared at him. “Tell me, which rule did he break? He was the one who killed his way down the territory. This place is guarded by elites. In terms of rewarding contribution points, this was completely the rule of the combat command. There was no need for something like that! He didn’t break the rules!”

“Old Cai, he’s not even your student, yet you’re already protecting him.”

“I’ll protect anyone in the sector. Do you have a problem with that?”

“No objections! No objections!” Lieutenant General Wei Bin quickly surrendered. Wei Bin was a little tactful. Otherwise, he would not have become the person-in-charge of the extra-terrestrial.

“Then how should I deal with the mutation of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel? If there were any benefits, they would probably belong to our sector immediately. However, if there were disadvantages, the elites of this generation in our sector might…” Wei Bin voiced his worries.

If that happened, the consequences would be very serious! This was especially so during the energy tide. Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could not attack on Mars. If anything happened, they would not be able to save them in time.

“Simple! Anything that the alien invaders needed was valuable. If the aliens did not care about the red pillar of light, they could just stay there and take advantage of it. If the alien races wanted to occupy this place, it meant that there were benefits. Then we would hold on and see if we could get any benefits. However, since there’s such a possibility, we have to strengthen these students from now on,” Cai Shaochu said.