Chapter 550 - 550 Millins’ True Motive (1)

550 Millins’ True Motive (1)

The Huaxia students in the five inner circles were all true elites. The moment the flames exploded from Millins’s hands, the two Huaxia students closest to him were sent flying.@@novelbin@@

One of them turned into charcoal on the spot! However, the reactions of Chu Wei, Luo Murong, Cui Xi, and the others were also very decisive.

“Kill!” With a stern shout, the dragon vortex, saber light, and staff shadows mixed with more than a dozen other attacks blasted towards Millins at the same time. They did not hold back at all! Li Zheng, the water-type supernatural being in the third circle, immediately started to save them.

Everyone’s reaction speed was extremely fast. However, Xu Tui reacted the fastest. The moment Millins attacked, Xu Tui instantly entered Time Distortion. He instantly activated his mental hammer and was about to hit him a few times.

However, at the same time, Xu Tui noticed the huge flaming hand that was reaching toward the tunnel.

Xu Tui became anxious. An Xiaoxue and Bian Yuan were both near the center of the tunnel. Xu Tui’s first reaction was that he wanted to hurt An Xiaoxue or Bian Yuan. Without hesitation, Xu Tui gave up on using the mental hammer to attack Millins first. He whipped the flaming hand with his mental vibrating whip.

However, the flaming hand was extremely fast. It did not dissipate the moment it was hit by Xu Tui’s mental whip. It only dissipated after it trembled slightly.

Xu Tui was shocked again. Afraid that it would affect An Xiaoxue’s breakthrough, Xu Tui’s mental vibrating whip was the most powerful one. In the past, superpowers would dissipate when they were whipped by the mental vibrating whip.

Millins was definitely extraordinary. However, Xu Tui, who had dispersed the flaming hand, was shocked again. That was because Xu Tui sensed that a piece of fire-colored crystal had fallen into the bottomless tunnel of energy before his mental vibrating whip could disperse the flaming hand.

What was this? A bomb? Fusion bomb? A weapon that could destroy the tunnel? The moment countless thoughts appeared in his mind, Xu Tui had already informed Bian Yuan to avoid danger.

Xu Tui did not want to take the risk.

“Mr. Bian, stay away from the center.”

“Alright, hold on a little longer. I feel that it will be soon.”

As for An Xiaoxue, she was not too close to the center of the tunnel. Furthermore, she could not be disturbed at this moment. Xu Tui could only be careful.

At the fifth circle, the moment the flaming hand was dispersed, Millins suddenly glanced at Xu Tui. This young man should be an elite among the elites of the Huaxia Sector, right? However, his mission was not completed yet. He would kill them later!

He easily resisted the siege of Luo Murong, Cui Xi, Chu Wei, and the others. Under the cover of the blazing flames, a line of fire suddenly shot out from between Millins’s fingers and instantly entered the tunnel.

The line of fire vibrated at a special frequency. Under this frequency, the fiery red crystal that had just fallen into the tunnel suddenly began to melt in a place that no one could see. It turned into a dense fire. In the fire, it even emitted a strange and refreshing power fluctuation.

Other than Xu Tui’s mental perception, no one else saw this scene. What was that thing? For some reason, Xu Tui felt that Millins’s real goal seemed to be to throw this thing into the tunnel. However, this was not the time to think about this.

At this moment, there was only one word—Kill!

Xu Tui’s mental hammer instantly arrived.

One hammer.

Millins, who was spraying flames, suddenly paused for a moment. He stared at Xu Tui again.

Xu Tui’s mental hammer continued to strike without hesitation. The flying sword also blasted down. This guy was very dangerous! He had to kill him!

Under the siege, Millins had already set up five layers of fire crystal wall defense.

Under the violent attacks of Xu Tui’s flying sword, even though he was pushing forward with three spirals, he could not advance any further after passing through the three layers of flame crystal wall.

Zhao Hailong’s longbow was slightly better. It had broken through four layers. However, it was only four layers. Moreover, even if the fire crystal wall that Millins was defending shattered, it could recover in an instant.

Students from the Huaxia Sector were constantly injured. However, under the concentrated fire of the students in the Huaxia Sector, Millins could not defend with all his might. He was very powerful under the concentrated fire of so many genius students.

However, students were constantly injured by Millins’ flames. The damage of the flames was extremely high. The skin would be charred if it swept past.

One of the members of Luo Murong’s team had his arm burned off. A third of Cui Xi’s iron rod was burned away. It was about to become a poker.

For a moment, they were unable to take down Millins despite being surrounded by so many people.

Luo Murong suddenly let out a furious roar the moment Xu Tui racked his brains for a solution. “Hailong, together!”

Almost at the same time, Zhao Hailong threw away his longbow and a spear shadow instantly pierced towards Millins.

Roar!

A roar that Xu Tui was extremely familiar with sounded from Luo Murong’s mouth. It completely erupted with a power that was not comparable to his appearance.

Ancient Genetic Martial Technique: Lion’s Roar!

Moreover, Luo Murong’s Lion’s Roar did not attack indiscriminately. Instead, it was concentrated in a fan in front of him. Even though Millins was abnormally powerful, he was still shocked by Luo Murong’s lion roar. He froze.

Zhao Hailong’s silver spear instantly tore through the four layers of the flame crystal wall. Luo Murong’s golden saber had already split open Millins’ last flame crystal wall like a bolt of lightning.