Chapter 557 - 557 The Command Of The Forward Base (3)

557 The Command of the Forward Base (3)

Such a cultivation opportunity was really rare! It was true that it was rare even in a hundred years.

Everyone’s aura was rapidly rising. Of course, Li Zhen could sense that Xu Tui’s aura was rising the fastest. The speed at which Xu Tui’s aura rose was almost ten times that of the others. Even An Xiaoxue, who was at the Genetic Evolution Realm, was not as fast as Xu Tui.

“Freak!” Li Zhen only had one comment for Xu Tui.

…

In outer space far away from Mars, on the rapidly flying meteorite, the exquisite communication device in front of him finally began to flicker. The inspector, Fire Eye Number Three, finally heaved a sigh of relief. He finally established a delayed communication with the forward base.

Why was it called a delay? It was mainly because his current location was too far away from the forward base. Even if their communication technology was very advanced, they could not communicate instantaneously at such a distance. He could only delay communication.

However, this delay only required five minutes. In reality, the communication feedback from Fire Eye Number Three that the forward base heard was five minutes.

A communication exchange took five minutes. It was not long, but he had to try his best to express enough meaning every time.

“Reporting to the base, I discovered an origin fluctuation on Mars on the monitoring point. After that, the Mechanical Spirit Black Eagle that was participating in the battle on the Mars battlefield discovered a sky-piercing red pillar in the second energy overflow tunnel. It was highly suspected that the most mysterious Fire Slip of the Mars core had appeared. I’ve already ordered the Black Eagle to be on standby and to rush over personally. Please send instructions as soon as possible.”

There was also a lot of relevant information. This communication message took five minutes to send over. It would take another five minutes for their forward base to send over the signal. But it was 15 minutes later that Fire Eye Number Three received the news.

Ten minutes later, Fire Eye Number Three received a message from the forward base.

“Fire Eye Number Three, the forward base has also sensed a suspected fluctuation from remote sensing. We highly suspect that the fire slip in the core of Mars has flowed out again. This was the first target of the advance army. I order you to command the Mars forces to participate in the battle and take back the Fire Slip at any price.

“At the same time, the base had already reported to the advance army headquarters. The advance army headquarters had already reported back and an envoy would personally head over.

“If you notice the arrival of the envoy, the command authority will immediately be handed over to the envoy. Please cooperate with the envoy.”

Hearing this order, Fire Eye Number Three’s body trembled. Envoy! The advance army headquarters actually sent an envoy. It could be seen how much importance they placed on the Fire Slip.

“Understood! In addition, the elites of the various races who participated in the battle on Mars this time have suffered heavy casualties. We request that the forward base send out elite reinforcements through any Quantum Portal so that we can act,” Fire Eye Number Three said.

Ten minutes later, Fire Eye Number Three, who had received an affirmative reply, contacted the Black Eagle on Mars again and gave the Black Eagle an order. Similarly, there was a fixed contact delay when he contacted Black Eagle. However, it was much shorter than contacting their forward base.

A minute later, he successfully contacted Black Eagle.

“Inspector, this is Black Eagle. Please give me your instructions.” Black Eagle’s attitude was still very low when facing the inspector, Fire Eye Number Three. Being talented was his capital, but not his right to be proud!

“Black Eagle, an order from forward base, occupy the second energy overflow tunnel at all costs and wait for the fire slip to appear and obtain it. Reinforcements would arrive later. From now on, until I reach Mars, command will be handed over to you. I’ll issue a general order later,” Fire Eye Number Three said.

“Understood. Thank you for your trust, Sir!”

“Move out!” With that, the flying speed of the meteorite under Fire Eye Number Three increased again.@@novelbin@@