Chapter 552 - 552 Fire Eye Number Three’S Order (1)

552 Fire Eye Number Three’s Order (1)

A glaring red light shot into the sky from the tunnel. Originally, the energy pillar that shot out of the tunnel was light blue. Once the energy concentration was low, it would be colorless. It would only turn light blue when the concentration was higher.

At this moment, under the illumination of this glaring red light, the energy pillar spat out by the tunnel also turned red. From afar, a scarlet pillar of light that was more than a hundred meters tall shot out of the tunnel. It was exceptionally terrifying.

Many students were afraid that there was something wrong with the scarlet energy pillar, so they quickly avoided it. However, after the energy pillar shot into the sky and scattered in all directions, it still returned to a light blue or colorless color. It was not red.

“What exactly is going on?”

“Why did it turn red after being scratched by Millins’s flaming hand?”

“There won’t be any danger here, will there?”

Everyone was discussing among themselves. Li Zhen from the Phobos’ Combat Command immediately began to examine Millins’ corpse.

Xu Tui immediately looked at An Xiaoxue. “Miss An, you’ve completed your breakthrough?”

A super powerful Dimensional Explosion destroyed the Ghost Fire Man that Millins had transformed into. Just now, the Ghost Fire Man was constantly devouring the energy in all directions. Its aura had already reached the Genetic Transmutation Realm. Moreover, after the Ghost Fire Man was killed, it actually condensed a mind power Origin Crystal.

What did that mean? This meant that the Ghost Fire Man was definitely a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert. This mind power Origin Crystal was real! Previously, according to the Moon base, Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could not attack on the Mars battlefield during the energy tide.

However, the Ghost Fire Man that Millins had transformed into after his death displayed the strength of a Genetic Transmutation Realm. Not to mention that the process was very strange.

However, be it his mental perception or the mind power Origin Crystal condensed after his death, it meant that the Ghost Fire Man really had the strength of the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

First, Bian Yuan stopped the Ghost Fire Man, then An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion directly exploded the Ghost Fire Man. This meant that not only was Bian Yuan powerful, but An Xiaoxue might also have the strength equivalent to the Genetic Transmutation Realm after she broke through.

“I just broke through. I still need to stabilize and improve. Help me guard for a while longer.” An Xiaoxue glanced at Xu Tui and sat cross-legged on the ground again. She held the 3.2-gram Origin Crystal and quickly absorbed the Origin Energy.

However, the scene of her entire body absorbing energy and forming an energy vortex did not appear again.

“Mr. Bian, has Miss An’s breakthrough been affected?” Xu Tui suddenly asked when he realized something.

“She was a little affected. Originally, Xiaoxue could still use the breakthrough to quickly improve for a while, but it was interrupted. However, the impact is not great. She has only fallen out of the state she was in when she broke through. She can also directly improve her energy now. It just took a little longer,” Bian Yuan said.

“Mr. Bian, what about you? Have you recovered?”@@novelbin@@

Bian Yuan adjusted his black-framed glasses. “I’ve basically recovered. This time, thank you and Xiaoxue. Otherwise…”

Xu Tui waved his hand and asked Bian Yuan to continue cultivating. The water puppet guarded An Xiaoxue. Xu Tui quickly started to save people.

The battlefield was a little… tragic! Two students from the Huaxia Sector had died. One of them had been here previously, and the other was one of Li Zheng’s team members. More than ten others were injured, and five of them were seriously injured.

Xu Tui first looked at Luo Murong. Fortunately, he was alive. However, his chest was a little tragic. It was directly charred. There was no need to mention the Hanfu. He was originally a gentleman, but now, he looked like a big black monster. His face had darkened.

To be honest, Luo Murong had made a new impression for Xu Tui today.

Luo Murong paid extreme attention to his image. His clothes, hairstyle, and perfume. He was a clean freak. In the eyes of many boys, he was a little girly! However, Luo Murong was more than a man today.

During that critical moment, he had taken the initiative to charge forward. He had first killed Millins, then fought against the Ghost Fire Man before he was seriously injured and fainted. The way he charged into the bloody battle with his saber was too powerful! Even if this might have appeared because the Hanfu had been destroyed, it was still powerful enough!

Xu Tui felt that he was about to become a fan. He fed Luo Murong a bottle of Level B Active Energy Elixir and started his instantiation treatment. The unconscious Luo Murong should not have sensed anything.

Xu Tui immediately started treating him. While he was unconscious, Luo Murong’s body twitched. As if he could not stand the numbness and itch, he could not help but turn over. Then, under Xu Tui’s treatment, Luo Murong’s charred skin quickly grew and fell off. It grew back skin that many girls were envious of. His chest, abdomen, and thighs. Then, Xu Tui suddenly became blind. He saw something he should not have seen!

Originally, Luo Murong had a layer of black skin on his body, so he should not see anything. At this moment, under Xu Tui’s rapid treatment, the layer of black skin kept falling off. Luo Murong was naked.

Yes, he was naked!

Should he cover Murong up? However, there were no extra clothes at the scene. He was a real man and did not lose anything. However, it was not appropriate to run naked.

“Li Zheng, Xuejin, Murong have no clothes left. Don’t look.” Xu Tui shouted and took off his jacket as he spoke. Li Zhen and Yan Xuejin spat at Xu Tui at the same time.

Who wanted to look? Why did he say their names?

At this moment, Luo Murong suddenly let out a cry and woke up.