Chapter 558 - 558 Cultivation Choice (1)

558 Cultivation Choice (1)

Command rights were also very important.

Previously, Black Eagle could barely be considered the leader of this Mars battlefield because he was powerful. But that was all! The other alien elites could choose to listen to his orders or not. It all depended on one’s will.

However, it was different once he obtained temporary command. The price of disobeying orders was very high.

In less than five minutes, Black Eagle saw the alien elites from all directions looking at him strangely. At the same time, Black Eagle also received a command from the inspectors on his communication device.

Before accepting the new orders, the command of the Mars battlefield was handed over to Black Eagle. All participants had to follow the orders. The experts of the Mechanical Spirit Race, the Fission Race, and the Dissimilate Clan were all very surprised.

In the past, on the Mars battlefield, other than those who had special missions, most of the participants from the various races were free to fight. The command rights belonged to the inspectors. It was rare to see an inspector delegating command.

However, this time, the inspector had long delegated command to the Black Eagles at the scene. Everyone understood that with the transfer of command, the nature of the Mars battlefield had changed. Previously, it was just a trial. Now, it has become a real war.

In that case, was the reason for the war the crimson pillar of light in the distance?

The moment he received the command, Black Eagle’s communication rights were correspondingly increased. Previously, he could only contact some of his good friends. But now, he could give orders to all the living alien elites.

Black Eagle was not a reckless person. Being able to participate in the actual combat between the Mars energy tides for the third time was enough to prove Black Eagle’s ability to know when to advance and when to retreat. Therefore, Black Eagle did not give any orders immediately.

It was a good thing to obtain command. But it was also a responsibility! If he gave orders indiscriminately and caused major losses or any failure, Black Eagle would not have a good time even if he returned alive.

However, Black Eagle would be able to make a contribution if he completed the mission. With this contribution, Black Eagle could directly transform his identity. Therefore, Black Eagle was very cautious and was not anxious at all.@@novelbin@@

While confronting Li Zhouchen, he began to use the communication rights he had just obtained to contact the alien elites in the second energy overflow tunnel to obtain more accurate information.

At the same time, he began to mobilize the combat strength of the first energy overflow tunnel. He and Li Zhouchen were evenly matched. Even if someone was slightly stronger, they would not have much of an advantage.

He had to deal with Li Zhouchen before he charged toward the second tunnel. Otherwise, even if Black Eagle led a large number of alien elites to the second energy overflow tunnel, it would still become very troublesome.

However, Li Zhouchen was very cautious. Even though the Black Eagle was silently mobilizing its strength, it was still very careful and slow.

The situation in the second Energy Overflow Tunnel was worse than Black Eagle had imagined. Therefore, Black Eagle had to bring enough elite forces to obtain results.

…

Fifty kilometers away from the second energy overflow combat circle, thousands of people were quietly waiting in a corner with various machines. Most of the people here were wearing Mars wilderness survival combat uniforms, the kind that had oxygen supply.

At this moment, they were all waiting quietly. Not long after, a figure quickly flew over. It was the teacher-in-charge of the India Sector students during the extra-terrestrial trial, Rade.

“General Sotum, there are not many abnormal movements in the first energy overflow combat circle. Only a small number of alien elites have left. The leader of the alien elites, Black Eagle, has not left,” Rade reported.

Sotum looked at his watch and frowned slightly as he looked at the red pillar of light in the distance. The plan had clearly succeeded. Why had those alien elites not taken action yet? Under normal circumstances, after seeing the red pillar of light, these alien elites would swarm towards the second energy overflow combat circle.

But now, there were no abnormal movements.

“Investigate again!” Sotum immediately made a decision and continued to wait. If there were no problems with the plan, they would continue to wait. He could only do the right thing at the right time.

In the second energy overflow combat circle.

Zhu Lang and the rest of the strategic coordinators who were originally in the number one energy overflow combat circle had been transferred over. There were a total of six strategic coordinators in the first combat circle, as well as the second combat circle. However, at this moment, three strategic coordinators from the number one energy overflow combat circle had been selected.

Zhu Lang greeted Li Zhen. When he saw the situation in the innermost circle of the second energy overflow combat circle, he also gasped! They were all elites of the Huaxia Sector. The Huaxia Sector’s elites had taken care of the inner four circles. There were only two teams from the other sectors in the fifth circle.

This scene stunned Zhu Lang. He had been a strategic coordinator for several years, but he had never seen such a situation.

“How is it? Are there any abnormal movements in the first combat circle?” Li Zhen asked.

“Not when I left. It took me a total of 35 minutes to get here from there. The feedback a minute ago said that there seemed to be some abnormal movements. They seemed to be closely related, but there were no major movements,” Zhu Lang said.

“They didn’t gather here?” Li Zhen asked.

“No, some rushed over, but they are all within the normal range,” Zhu Lang replied.

Hearing this, Li Zhen looked at the red pillar of light at the second tunnel with a puzzled expression. Was this thing not attractive to the alien elites?