Chapter 554 - 554 Fire Eye Number Three’S Order (3)

554 Fire Eye Number Three’s Order (3)

“The mind power Origin Crystal condensed by my will imprint was highly similar to my mind power fluctuations. Although no one would dare to directly trace it to me, it is still a hidden danger,” said Itavi.@@novelbin@@

“Then what do you mean, Sir?”

“Take back the mind power Origin Crystal condensed from my will imprint body and kill the person who came into contact with it,” Itavi said coldly.

“I understand!” Nilab nodded heavily. “I’ll make the arrangements later, but please understand, Sir. The first priority for the time being is to establish a Mars base!”

“Understood. We’re not in a hurry. We just have to find or kill him when we have the time.”

“Then who do you think is most likely to hold the mind power Origin Crystal condensed from your will imprint, Lord?” Nilab asked.

“I heard a name. It’s Xu Tui.”

Nilab was stunned. The name was familiar. It was not the first time he had heard it, but Nilab nodded quickly in acknowledgment.

“Then you can rest and recover. I’ll take the next step.” With that, Nilab bowed and left.

He frowned slightly as he watched Nilab leave. This was also the fundamental reason why he did not like these politicians. He always talked about the big picture and important matters. However, there were some things that were his top priority.

After some thought, he made a call.

…

In the innermost circle of the number one energy surging tunnel on Mars, the Black Eagle was still confronting the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen.

This was Black Eagle’s mission. If Li Zhouchen did not leave, he could not leave either! Therefore, even if the Black Eagle received the news that the Golden Eagle and Huo Li had been killed, it could only stay here.

The only change was that Black Eagle became even more curious about Xu Tui. Was this human elite that he felt he could casually kill really that strong? While he was thinking, Black Eagle suddenly saw Li Zhouchen look to the side.

Black Eagle quickly followed Li Zhouchen’s gaze. He would have to be extremely careful if Li Zhouchen sent reinforcements. However, what shocked the Black Eagle was a red pillar of light! The pillar of light soared into the sky and emitted an extremely surging fluctuation. Even from hundreds of kilometers away, they could see and sense it.

“What’s this?”

“I don’t know!” Li Zhouchen shook his head. Although they were opponents, they could still talk occasionally.

“This direction, could it be at the second Energy Overflow Tunnel?” Black Eagle was puzzled.

“Impossible! The energy spat out by the second tunnel is light blue. It can’t be red.” Li Zhouchen retorted.

Li Zhouchen’s retort was like a bolt of lightning that struck Black Eagle’s heart. It reminded Black Eagle of a record in the clan. There were some records about Mars. At that time, the instructor who had taught them had said that they had to report this situation immediately.

This change was extremely important! It could even affect the ownership of Mars. Thinking of this, Black Eagle was shocked. A change that affected the ownership of Mars had occurred? In the past hundred years, humans have become more and more powerful on Mars. Now, an unforeseen event that affected the ownership of Mars had occurred.

Without hesitation, Black Eagle used his emergency authority to contact the inspector. A minute later, Black Eagle, who had used special communication technology, contacted Fire Eye Number Three, who was sitting on a huge meteorite and flying rapidly toward Mars.

“Reporting to the inspector, I discovered that a red pillar of light surged out of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel of the Mars battlefield. There was a strange frequency spreading out! I suspect that the fire slip is out!” Black Eagle quickly reported.

“Fire slip?” Fire Eye Number Three’s eyes widened on the meteorite. “You mean the fire slip that emits origin fluctuations? You saw it?”

“That’s right. I’ve already confirmed it many times! However, it’s only a suspicion. That’s why I’m reporting to you, Lord Inspector!”

Fire Eye Number Three’s expression became extremely solemn. “Black Eagle, contact the nearby elites and prepare to attack the second Energy Overflow Tunnel! Wait for my orders. I need to report urgently to the higher-ups!”

“Roger that!”