Chapter 556 - 556 The Command Of The Forward Base (2)

556 The Command of the Forward Base (2)

“How do we strengthen it?” Wei Bin asked.

“How could you, as a lieutenant general, not know what to do? Do you need me to tell you?”

“I’ll immediately order people to send more supplies. Can we send a few more Genetic Evolution Realm experts over to the Moon base through the Quantum Portal?” Wei Bin asked.

Cai Shaochu shook his head. “In order to build a Mars base, the India Sector has already sent Nort to block the door and control the transmission of the Quantum Portal. Unless someone can knock Nort out.”

“Can’t you do it?”

“We’re all Planetary realm. Do you think that’s possible?”@@novelbin@@

“I think it’s possible.”

“Old Wei, stop probing. Hurry up and make arrangements. The team you sent over can also be reinforcements at the critical moment.”

“Okay. Old Cai, do you think the India Sector will succeed this year?”

“It’s possible.”

“Then do you think it’s possible for us to do it this year?”

“Everything depends on the person!”

This time, it was Wei Bin’s turn to glare at Cai Shaochu. These words were as if he had not said them.

The meeting held by the Mars battlefield Commander, Chedamovich, was still a waste of time. The Sector had already made a decision. Of course, the other sectors also had relevant arrangements. The executive power of the various sectors was still very efficient. The order was given extremely quickly.

Less than ten minutes later, the strategic coordinator, Li Zhen, returned. This time, Li Zhen generously distributed two bottles of Level B Active Energy Elixir to everyone in the Supernatural Branch. Everyone in the Extreme Branch had two bottles of Level C Energy Restoration Elixir.

At the same time, he also conveyed Wei Bin’s intentions. Defend and obtain benefits! Of course, if it reached a point where they could not defend it, they had to preserve their strength first.

After arranging these things, Li Zhen did not leave. Instead, he stayed where he was.

“Xu Tui, the mind power Origin Crystal that the Ghost Fire Man condensed after he was killed is still there, right?”

“Yes!”

“Let me feel it! I want to remember the mental fluctuations on it. No matter who the Genetic Transmutation Realm existence behind the Ghost Fire Man is, his mental fluctuations can’t be changed. In the future, as long as you remember these fluctuations, you will be able to find him!”

“Alright.”

Li Zhen carefully sensed it for a while before returning the mind power Origin Crystal to Xu Tui. “This is your spoils of war. Keep it first. Remember the mind power fluctuations on it. The quantity of mind power Origin Crystals were extremely tight now. You can keep it for backup. If there was an emergency, you could directly absorb and replenish your mind power.

“But remember to leave a little behind. Don’t use it all up,” Li Zhen instructed Xu Tui in a low voice. After saying that, Li Zhen said loudly to the surrounding students, “All of you should rest well now. You can also cultivate. My colleague and I will help you stand guard.”

Xu Tui looked at Li Zhen in confusion.

“There are orders from the base. There might be a problem with the red pillar of light, but we can’t detect it at the moment. We can only guard it for now. The few of us strategic coordinators will be stationed here for emergencies. Moreover, half of the strategic coordinators of the first Energy Overflow Tunnel will be transferred over. They should be on their way here now,” Li Zhen said.

Xu Tui nodded. He looked at the red pillar of light that soared into the sky behind him and was a little puzzled. Millins’s flaming hand had indeed been thrown in a crystal. The moment the crystal was thrown in, it began to emit a strange fluctuation.

However, Xu Tui could no longer sense it after it was thrown into the center of the tunnel. It was mainly because there was a high concentration of Origin Energy. He could not sense it even if he wanted to.

From this incident, it seemed that Millins wanted to throw the crystal into the energy overflow channel. It was not a bomb. Then, he attacked with all his might, intending to kill Xu Tui.

So what was Millins’s real goal? Was it to kill Xu Tui? Or was it to release the crystal? Or something else! Also, who was behind Millins? The Ghost Fire Man was too strong. Millins had only entered the Genetic Evolution Realm for a year. How could he be so strong?

To be honest, Xu Tui could kill ordinary cultivators who had just entered the Genetic Evolution Realm. Zhao Hailong could also kill him. Luo Murong could also easily defeat him. However, the Ghost Fire Man could easily withstand everyone’s siege. There was definitely an additional force involved.

What kind of power would it be? Xu Tui felt a headache coming on as he thought about it. The situation on the Mars battlefield where the six alliances and the alien invaders were fighting was really a little complicated. Of course, if one was powerful, they could tear open any complicated situation.

Since Li Zhen and his colleagues were guarding it, and An Xiaoxue’s aura was also increasing steadily, Xu Tui simply got the water puppet to guard the side and started cultivating with all his might again.

If Xu Tui cultivated with all his might, he would be able to strengthen two genetic base points to Level 2 silver every five minutes. In his scattered cultivation previously, Xu Tui had already leveled more than 20 genetic base points to level 2 from the Great Genetic Ability Chain.

Under Xu Tui’s full-powered cultivation, the 72 genetic base points in the Great Genetic Ability Chain were strengthened to Level 2 silver one after another. Every time he strengthened one to Level 2 Silver, his mind power would increase slightly.

In 25 minutes, another 10 genetic base points were strengthened to Level 2 silver. His mind power had increased by more than 10%. Xu Tui did not stop at all. He continued to strengthen his cultivation.

There were not many such opportunities.

Xu Tui was not the only one. Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, Miao Huanshan, Yan Xuejin, Chu Wei, and even Cui Xi, who had lost an arm, were also seizing the time to cultivate.