Chapter 551 - 551 Millins’S True Motive (2)

551 Millins’s True Motive (2)

However, the golden saber was blocked by another invisible barrier. It was something similar to a mental shield. It was also at this moment that Millins, who had been attacked by the Lion’s Roar for a moment, recovered.

However, the moment he recovered, the silver light had already pierced through Millins’ head. This was Xu Tui’s flying sword. Under his mental perception, Xu Tui’s flying sword attacked at the right time. He had completed the killing blow! He had killed Millins!

“Why did Millins attack us?” Some people roared angrily when they saw their companions die or even be injured.

Everyone was confused. The surrounding human team members did not understand either. On the Mars battlefield, because the human teams were divided into the six major alliances, there might be a little dirty play or conflict. However, it all happened extremely secretly. It was extremely rare for someone like Millins to attack a human team like a traitor.

Traitor! Yes, many people thought of that word.

Traitor! Humans had traitors! For example, the members of the Dawn Salvation Traitor Organization.

“Those who have the ability, save them first!” Luo Murong let out a low roar. “Confirm the identity of this Millins first.”

Luo Murong was about to step forward to examine the corpse of the killed Millins. Xu Tui was about to use his instantiation ability to treat the injured when his mental perception suddenly became abnormal. His expression suddenly changed drastically. “Retreat, Murong! This guy is not dead!”

The moment Xu Tui gave the warning, an extremely powerful mental fluctuation suddenly rose from Millins’s body. It instantly gathered into a ball of flames and blasted toward Luo Murong.

Luo Murong’s reaction was extremely fast. The moment Xu Tui warned him and retreated, his energy field power surged out to defend him.

The flames blasted Luo Murong away. His chest was already charred black. His handsome Hanfu instantly became a mess.

Luo Murong was instantly stunned! In the next moment, the ghost-like flame suddenly exploded and swallowed Zhao Hailong. Zhao Hailong’s spear stabbed out countless spear shadows, but they were still devoured by the flames. He was enveloped in flames and was about to be completely devoured.

Xu Tui’s mental vibrating whip slammed down. The flames spread out to a radius of one meter, and Zhao Hailong escaped in a sorry state. The ghost fire figure stared coldly at Xu Tui. It instantly jumped up and turned into a fire dragon that pounced toward Xu Tui. He wanted to kill Xu Tui first.

“Ah, how dare you destroy my clothes!” Luo Murong, whose clothes had been destroyed and whose chest had been charred black, let out an angry roar. The Lion’s Roar and the saber light of the golden saber fused into one and cut the fire dragon that was pouncing toward Xu Tui into two. “How dare you destroy my clothes!”

Luo Murong, whose clothes had been destroyed, looked like a crazy tiger. Coupled with the strange vibrational power of the Lion’s Roar and the golden saber, it actually blocked the fire figure for a few seconds.

This bought the others time to focus their fire. However, the elite students of the Huaxia Sector immediately discovered something shocking.

This Ghost Fire Man could actually directly use the terrifyingly dense energy nearby. His offensive and defensive abilities and aura increased crazily! The moment the energy from all directions was crazily swallowed into the body of the Ghost Fire Man, all the attacks were exploded by the flames.

In the next moment, Luo Murong was sent flying by the flames again. He spat out blood and was sent flying 40 to 50 meters away. He could not get up on the spot.

The Ghost Fire Man stared at Xu Tui. The flames once again charged toward Xu Tui. Zhao Hailong rushed forward. His spear was like a dragon. In just a second, he was instantly sent flying!

Xu Tui’s mental vibrating whip continued to rain down. However, it could only disperse a portion of the Ghost Fire Man’s attacks. It could only be used to save people and could not injure them.

The mental hammer was useful. Every hammer strike could slow down the movements of the Ghost Fire Man for a moment, creating an opportunity for his comrades.

However, the Ghost Fire Man was too powerful. The attacks of others could not hurt him at all! Even if he was injured, he could instantly absorb energy to replenish himself.

Ten seconds later, Zhao Hailong let out a muffled groan. Then, one of Cui Xi’s arms and half of his shoulder were burned away. If not for Xu Tui’s mental hammer, Cui Xi would have died.

“Die!” The Ghost Fire Man turned into a fire dragon and pounced toward Xu Tui.

Suddenly, an earth wall blocked the fire dragon. Although the earth wall was fierce, it was pierced through by the fire dragon. The earth wall kept rising and being passed through by the fire dragon.

The Ghost Fire Man was determined to kill Xu Tui. Almost at the same time, the water screen, the lightning shield, and the green wind screen appeared in front of Xu Tui. However, they could not stop the Ghost Fire Man.

The Ghost Fire Man was too strong. The key was that the Ghost Fire Man could directly devour energy. This allowed him to recover instantly even if he was injured. This ability of the Ghost Fire Man was even more terrifying than an alien elite!

The water puppet pounced forward, and the Mountain Formula became a suppressive defense. In the distance, Li Zhen and another strategic coordinator of the Genetic Evolution Realm were pouncing over. These two people had the combat strength of the Genetic Evolution Realm.

Xu Tui was so depressed that he wanted to vomit blood. This unkillable Ghost Fire Man was invincible?

“Be careful. This ghost’s aura has already climbed to the Genetic Transmutation Realm. It’s still climbing!” The injured Chu Wei reminded him loudly.

“You’re the smart one!” The ghost shadow suddenly turned around and waved his hand. A ball of fire exploded in front of Chu Wei. Chu Wei was sent flying and it was unknown if he was dead or alive.

Xu Tui stared coldly at the fire dragon that was pouncing toward him. He instantly threw his communication device into the body of the water puppet. Then, Xu Tui’s water puppet pounced toward the Ghost Fire Man.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mental hammer smashed down crazily.

“Not yet!” An unfamiliar shout suddenly rang out. The communication device that Xu Tui had just stuffed into the water puppet’s body suddenly flew back into Xu Tui’s hand.

“Put it on quickly.” Bian Yuan suddenly stood up behind Xu Tui. “Myriad Swords, go!” In an instant, thousands of silver lights blasted towards the Ghost Fire Man like a torrent of sword light.

The sword light torrent was extremely fast. In an instant, it passed through the Ghost Fire Man and cut it into thousands of pieces. However, in just an instant, the Ghost Fire Man gathered together again.

The torrent of sword light swept back, and the Ghost Fire Man exploded again. Then… the torrent of sword light disappeared. The sword light was melted!

Xu Tui was stunned. “The Myriad Sword Technique is not bad, but this sword is far too inferior!”

Bian Yuan, who had just recovered, ignored him and only shouted, “Myriad Swords, go again!” Another torrent of sword light rushed out from Bian Yuan’s body and blasted towards the Ghost Fire Man.@@novelbin@@

At this moment, Xu Tui finally saw what Mr. Bian Yuan’s Myriad Swords were.

Needles! They were needles as thin as a hair. The material was also very ordinary. This was the Myriad Needles Technique! No wonder Miss An said that Mr. Bian’s Myriad Sword Technique was different.

There were poor training methods. However, this power was not ordinary. Vaguely, these thousands of needles seemed to have become a whole with extraordinary power. No wonder he could stop the Ghost Fire Man.

The torrent of sword light melted again and surged out again. It was melted by the Ghost Fire Man again. “The power is not bad, but even if it’s a needle, how much can you bring? You can’t kill me or stop me!”

Just as the Ghost Fire Man laughed, An Xiaoxue’s silver hair behind Xu Tui suddenly had a metallic luster.

“Then try this!” An Xiaoxue suddenly stood up. A small piece of her silver hair that had a metallic luster suddenly disappeared. The silver light appeared in front of the Ghost Fire Man. The moment the flames surged out and wanted to be incinerated, the silver light suddenly disappeared.

The Ghost Fire Man was stunned. In the next moment, An Xiaoxue’s Dimensional Explosion Silver Light suddenly blasted into the deepest part of the flames. In an instant, flames exploded in the body of the Ghost Fire Man.

Bang!

Xu Tui’s mental hammer also blasted out continuously at this moment, delaying the reaction of the Ghost Fire Man.

“Explode!” An Xiaoxue’s voice rang out, and silver light instantly exploded. It directly exploded the Ghost Fire Man into countless sparks.

Xu Tui was afraid that this fellow would not die completely. The mental hammer continued to blast at the core of the Ghost Fire Man’s aura. Under the bombardment of the mental hammer, a transparent mind power Origin Crystal suddenly fell out of the core of the Ghost Fire Man’s aura.

Everyone was stunned!

At the same time, a glaring red light suddenly soared into the sky from the core of the tunnel.