Chapter 559 - 559 Cultivation Choice (2)

559 Cultivation Choice (2)

Nothing good? Then what did that Millins want to do after spending so much effort?

“Wow, this group of people sure had a good time this year. If this continues for a few hours, their gains this year will definitely be higher than Li Zhouchen’s.” Zhu Lang sighed as he looked at the large number of students who were cultivating with mind power Origin Crystals.

This situation was much better than the number one energy overflow battle circle. At the very least, in the first combat circle, Li Zhouchen was the only one in the innermost circle. Even Li Zhouchen did not dare to cultivate with all his might.

Li Zhen pouted at Xu Tui. “It’s all because of this young man. However, I like it.”

“Heh, bringing the students of the Huaxia Sector to take advantage of the six alliances. He’s also so strong. I like him too. Sigh, it’s a pity that I don’t have a daughter. If I did, I would definitely introduce her to this kid. The quality that this kid had displayed in the previous battle was quite good. I have to look for it later!” Zhu Lang said regretfully.

Li Zhen was amused. “Old Zhu, you’re a step too late. I’ve already introduced my eldest niece.”

Zhu Lang looked in the direction where Li Zhen was pointing and saw Li Zhen’s niece, Li Zheng, cultivating far away from Xu Tui. The useless mind power Origin Crystal in her hand was the 0.8-grams that had been distributed after the cutting. He could not help but look at him with disdain. Who would believe you!

He knew that Xu Tui had two super-large useless Origin Crystals and a few pieces of useless Origin Crystal that were about a gram. If Xu Tui was really interested in her, he would have given it to her a long time ago.

In the next moment, Zhu Lang was suddenly stunned. He saw the 3.2-grams large, useless Origin Crystal in An Xiaoxue’s hand. There were not many such useless mind power Origin Crystals. But she had it?

Not far away, Xu Tui, who was cultivating with all his might, also heard the conversation between the two of them. Although he was cultivating with all his might, Xu Tui still released his mental perception. He had a great time cultivating during these two hours.

The gains from two hours of full-powered cultivation were astonishing. If strengthening a genetic base point to Level 2 silver required one gram of Origin Crystals,

Xu Tui had already consumed more than 60 grams of Origin Crystals. To be honest, Xu Tui had never had any extravagant hopes of strengthening all 72 genetic base points of the Great Genetic Ability Chain to Level 2 silver. He could not afford the consumption!

It would be good if he could strengthen three to five of them when he had the time. However, after cultivating for two hours in the second energy overflow combat circle, Xu Tui’s 72 genetic base points had all been strengthened to Level 2 silver.

The 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain was as if it was embedded with 72 silver gems, shining brightly.

At this moment, Xu Tui had already begun to strengthen the chain of the Great Genetic Chain. He guided the massive amount of Origin Energy and began to strengthen the 72-point Genetic Chain.

Xu Tui did not know how powerful the enhancement effect of strengthening the genetic ability chain that had so many genetic base points into a Level 2 genetic chain would be. He should be very strong, right?

The 72 genetic base points on the Great Genetic Ability Chain had all been strengthened to Level 2 silver. It had already increased Xu Tui’s mind power by about 60%.

The most obvious difference was that Xu Tui had used 5% of his mind power when he pulled out the mental vibrating whip with all his might. However, now, it would only consume a little more than 2% of Xu Tui’s mind power at a time.

It was not that the consumption of the mental vibrating whip had decreased. It was just that Xu Tui’s total mind power had increased greatly.

What about strengthening the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to Level 2? Xu Tui felt that if he strengthened the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to a Level 2 Genetic Ability Chain, his mind power might surpass An Xiaoxue’s.

Xu Tui felt that it was still possible.

Ten minutes. In just ten minutes, Xu Tui had completely strengthened the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to Level 2 Silver. The moment the silver genetic base points fused with the silver chain, Xu Tui felt as if his entire head had been injected with a cool liquid. It became very comfortable and clear.

His mind felt unprecedentedly powerful. A thought suddenly flashed through Xu Tui’s mind. Was this the feeling of having water in his head?

Xu Tui was speechless. His mind power had definitely increased exponentially. He was very certain of this. He could not wait to know how much his mind power had increased.

The moment Xu Tui broke through, Li Zhen, who was also from the Mystery Branch, suddenly froze and looked at Xu Tui. What did he sense just now? What was that boundless mind power fluctuation? He seemed to have only felt such majestic mind power from his teacher. And his teacher was a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert!

“I must have sensed it wrongly. That’s not possible, right?” Li Zhen expressed his doubts about the huge mental fluctuation that had just flashed across Xu Tui’s body.

At the same time, Xu Tui was also shocked. His mental perception instantly spread far away. His accurate mental perception was originally only 335 meters. At this moment, it instantly spread out of the energy overflow combat circle. It was more than 500 meters. The range of his blurry mental perception exceeded a thousand meters.

In other words, Xu Tui’s combat range had already exceeded a thousand meters. The strongest battle range was 500 meters!

“How much has my mind power increased?” Amidst his surprise, Xu Tui tried to use the mental vibrating whip again. After casually whipping with a full-powered mental vibrating whip, Xu Tui was stunned.

This consumption was very small compared to his current boundless mind power. The consumption of the full power of the mental vibrating whip was far less than 1%. It might not even be 0.5%!

Unfortunately, this was a battlefield. If it were not for the fact that it was a battlefield, Xu Tui would have been able to get an accurate answer by whipping a few dozen times.

After a round of experiments, Xu Tui was pleasantly surprised to confirm that his mind power had doubled after he successfully strengthened the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to Level 2.

It was very likely that it had doubled.

“Could it be that the more genetic base points on a certain genetic ability chain, the greater the improvement after strengthening it to Level 2?”

This was a rule that Xu Tui had come up with regarding the strengthening of the genetic ability chain to Level 2. Under the situation of his mind power increasing exponentially, his continuous combat ability would definitely increase greatly.

There was definitely not only one benefit. Under the increase of his mind power, all of Xu Tui’s abilities related to mind power had increased to a certain extent. This increase varied according to the type of ability. However, every improvement was extremely valuable.

A thought suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. Just strengthening the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain into a Level 2 Genetic Ability Chain had such a huge increase. How strong would the enhancement be if he strengthened the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to a Level 3 Genetic Ability Chain?

At that time, would Xu Tui directly have the combat strength of a Genetic Transmutation Realm? Or even quasi-planetary combat strength? Then, how much Origin Energy did he have to invest to strengthen a Level 2 silver genetic base point to Level 3? Or rather, how many grams of Origin Crystals did he have to invest?

At that moment, Xu Tui wanted to give it a try. At the same time, a cultivation direction was placed in front of Xu Tui.

Among all the genetic ability chains that Xu Tui had activated, other than a portion of the Major and Lesser Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain, the genetic ability chains of the School of Radiation Influence, a few genetic ability chains, such as genetic ability chain of physical fitness and underwater survival, that had not been strengthened to Level 2 genetic ability chains, the other genetic ability chains had all been strengthened to Level 2 genetic ability chains.

Next, should Xu Tui strengthen these genetic ability chains or try to strengthen a genetic base point to Level 3?@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui did not consider a few genetic ability chains related to physical fitness and underwater survival for the time being.

Good steel had to be used on the blade.

What Xu Tui was conflicted about now was whether he should continue to strengthen the genetic ability chain of the School of Radiation Influence or strengthen a Level 3 genetic base point.