Chapter 561 - 561 Successful Strengthening And Black Eagle’S Action (2)

561 Successful Strengthening and Black Eagle’s Action (2)

If Xu Tui were to say that he had bled because this was the first time he had strengthened a genetic base point to Level 3, which resulted in a surge in his energy and formed a vibration similar to the water hammer effect, Li Zhen would not believe him!

However, Xu Tui believed it. This is because he already had experience. When Xu Tui continued to strengthen the second and third genetic base points to Level 3 in the future, the backlash would become smaller and smaller.

Xu Tui casually wiped the blood from his mouth and nose and entered a meditative state again. Then, he switched to the illusory introspection. The intense pain just now had faded. The moment he switched to the illusory introspection, Xu Tui sensed that his introspection eye had been pierced.

Golden light! Within the illusory figure’s body, amidst the hundreds of silver-white lights, a golden light was extremely dazzling. This golden light was emitted by the main genetic base point of the mental hammer.@@novelbin@@

Genetic base points could be strengthened to Level 3 and turn golden. He estimated that he had consumed 19 grams of Origin Crystals to strengthen his first genetic base point from Level 2 silver to Level 3 gold.

In that case, if the other genetic base points were strengthened to Level 3 gold, the number of Origin Crystals consumed would be about 18 to 20 grams per point. Of course, it was only a rough estimate.

However, this reference was enough. Strengthening a genetic base point to Level 3 required 20 grams of Origin Crystals.

This consumption made Xu Tui grit his teeth. If Xu Tui planned to strengthen all the genetic base points on his 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain to Level 3, or even to Level 3 Genetic Chain, The number of Origin Crystals needed might be more than 2,000 grams! It was said that the number of Origin Crystals that the Africa Sector had obtained in the extra-terrestrial last year was only above 2,000 grams.

This consumption was really large.

The main genetic base point of the mental hammer had been strengthened to Level 3. Not only did the hammer in the genetic base point turn golden, but it also looked much stronger. Rings of water-like patterns appeared on the surface of the hammer.

Xu Tui suddenly froze when he sank his mind power into it. It was a little empty. He felt that the interior of the Level 3 golden mental hammer was a little empty. Not that it was hollow. Instead, he felt that there was something lacking in the interior of the level-three golden mental hammer.

This was a feeling that Xu Tui had. He felt that he was lacking something, but he could not say it. It was a very strange feeling!

In terms of power, there would definitely be an improvement, but it was hard to say how much. Currently, there are no strong opponents around Xu Tui. Ordinary people in the Genetic Evolution Realm would be almost done with the silver hammer. There was not much of a difference even if he used a golden hammer now.

An Xiaoxue was a very good target for testing the hammer. She would definitely agree if Xu Tui really wanted to test the hammer on her. However, this was wartime. If something happened to An Xiaoxue with the golden hammer, they would be in big trouble!

There was no hurry. In any case, the power of the Level 3 hammer would definitely increase to a certain extent. He would slowly test it out.

Strengthening a genetic base point to Level 3 was a little long. It had been 50 minutes. After considering everything, Xu Tui felt that he should hurry up and strengthen a few Level 2 genetic ability chains. It would be more cost-effective.

In the innermost circle of the second energy overflow combat circle, 50 minutes was enough for Xu Tui to strengthen two Level 2 genetic ability chains.

In the next moment, Xu Tui first began to strengthen the genetic ability chain of the School of Radiation Influence’s mind power magnetic field. The mind power magnetic field was the foundation of all the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence. This had to be strengthened. Then there was spiritual resonance, spiritual radiation, spiritual concealment, and so on.

Just as Xu Tui was beginning to strengthen the genetic ability chain of the School of Radiation Influence, the Black Eagle, which was located in the innermost circle of the first Energy Overflow Tunnel in Area 18, finally completed the layout after more than an hour of arrangements.

In the innermost circle, he was still confronting the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen. In the second circle, the number of alien elites was about the same as the number of human teams. Their overall combat strength was not much different. In the third circle, there was only one more alien elite than the human elite.

There was only one more alien elite. It basically did not affect him much. This was very normal. No one noticed. It was the same for the fourth circle. The situation on the fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth circles was a little chaotic. The area expanded. The number of combat areas guarded by both sides was about the same, but there were a little too many alien elites.

This was especially so for the floating mechanical spirit beasts and the large fission beasts. There were more of these two low-level servant armies that did not have intelligence. These two kinds of low-level servant armies without intelligence were actually not that strong. It could be killed by a slightly stronger Genetic Mutation Realm expert. However, once they gathered together, they would become very threatening.

But it was normal for these low-level servants to appear in the energy overflow combat circle. It happened every year, so no one cared. He looked at the oblivious human team, especially at least half of the human elites. They were wholeheartedly absorbing energy and quickly improving themselves.

Black Eagle heaved a sigh of relief. He could not kill Li Zhouchen. Similarly, Li Zhouchen could not kill him. He needed external help to kill or severely injure Li Zhouchen. Over the past hour, he had been organizing external forces like playing chess.

“My attack is the signal for action!” Black Eagle issued an action order through his commander rights.

A minute after confirming that the nearby alien elites had received it, the Black Eagle suddenly turned into a black light and attacked the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, with two extremely dazzling energy lights.

Seeing this, Li Zhouchen did not panic at all. “Hmph, I expected you to launch a surprise attack!” Flames and a green whirlwind suddenly rose. The wind helped the fire and the Black Eagle was instantly surrounded by flames. Explosions rang out continuously.

However, the Black Eagle was not weak either. Energy flashed wildly. Not only did it block Li Zhouchen’s attacks, but it also continuously advanced close to Li Zhouchen. In an instant, they were evenly matched.

At the same time, from the second to the 20th circles, all the alien elites took the initiative to attack. This was especially so for the extraterrestrial elites in the tenth circle. One or two elites would pounce toward the inner circle with every circle.

One of them pounced toward the ninth circle in the tenth circle, while the other supported the eighth circle in the ninth circle. There were two in the eighth circle supporting the seventh circle. With layers of support, five extraterrestrial elites appeared in the third circle.

One of the five alien elites joined the second circle. The other four directly interfered in the battle between the Black Eagle and Li Zhouchen. Among the four alien elites, two were at the Genetic Evolution Realm and two were at the Genetic Mutation Realm. Among the four of them, three of them were using supernatural abilities for long-range attacks or energy attacks. They were all focusing their firepower on the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen.

The other Genetic Evolution Realm expert attacked the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, with the Black Eagle. In an instant, the situation of the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen, became extremely difficult.

Five against one! Among the five against one, there were three Genetic Evolution Realm experts. One of them was Black Eagle with strength on par with his. This was already crushing the lineup!

Li Zhouchen immediately became in a defensive state. The human teams in the second and third circles wanted to help him, but they were being pestered. Not far away, the strategic coordinator of the mobile forces quickly rushed over.

However, Black Eagle had already made arrangements. There were many obstacles along the way. The two strategic coordinators charged toward the innermost circle without regard for anything else.

It took about a minute. However, by the time they rushed over, Li Zhouchen had already vomited blood. One of his thighs was severed on the spot. Even after he fell to the ground, Li Zhouchen was still fighting. The raging flames and violent wind forced Black Eagle and the others to retreat step by step.

If not for the fact that the three of them had focused their fire on Li Zhouchen from afar, Black Eagle and the others would have been injured.

Black Eagle could not help but sigh when he saw the two strategic coordinators charging over. He had originally wanted to make a contribution by killing the number one expert of the human race, Li Zhouchen. However, from the looks of it, he could only be severely injured. Killing him was extremely difficult.

Li Zhouchen was extremely resilient! However, he was seriously injured and had achieved his goal.

“Go!” In the next moment, Black Eagle and the others swept out from the inner circle. With their help, they led circle after circle of extraterrestrial elites and retreated from the first energy overflow circle like a tide.