Chapter 563 - 563 Only Four, It’S Too Little

563 Only Four, It’s Too Little

The sky became bright. There were roars, explosions, and even the faint smell of gunpowder. The human teams and extraterrestrial elites in the second Energy Overflow Tunnel were all looking at the distant sky from the crater.

The dense flashes of light in the sky were the attacks of the long-range technological weapons in the various bases of the Blue Star. There were even railguns fired from Phobos. The formation was extremely shocking. It could be said that they had never seen such dense firepower before the start of this energy tide.

Xu Tui, who was cultivating, was also jolted awake. The stream of light from the mid-range weapon that streaked past his head continuously gave Xu Tui, who was cultivating, waves of palpitations.

“What happened?” Xu Tui stood up.

Yan Lie and Zhao Hailong shook their heads. They were also confused. Just as Xu Tui was looking for the two strategic coordinators, Li Zhen and Zhu Lang, these two strategic coordinators were walking over with a solemn expression. Their expressions were extremely serious. These two people must know what had happened.

“I just received an emergency notice. Just five minutes ago, the Mechanical Spirit Black Eagle launched a surprise attack in the first Energy Overflow Tunnel. He gathered their advantageous strength and severely injured the Dragon of Huaxia, Li Zhouchen.

“Then, he personally led the elites to cover the retreat and successfully evacuate the 8,000-odd extraterrestrial elites in the first energy overflow combat circle. Now, the Black Eagle was leading more than 8,000 alien elites toward us.

“On the way, there were still wandering alien elites and a few low-level servants. According to the analysis of the Phobos Combat Command, the Black Eagle team is expected to arrive at us collectively in 45 minutes to an hour. At that time, the pressure we face will be unprecedented,” Zhu Lang said.

Hearing this, the expressions of the Huaxia students in the inner circle became extremely serious.

“If that’s the case, wouldn’t we be fighting two against one? No, it should be 20,000 to 10,000? We will be surrounded and killed?”

“Reinforcements? I want to know if we have any reinforcements,” someone said anxiously.

The expressions of everyone present turned even uglier. There was an essential difference between two against one and 20,000 against 10,000. There was a chance to fight two against one. There was a high chance of turning the tables if he risked his life or escaped.

However, 20,000 to 10,000 was different. It was completely different! If they were not careful, they might all be wiped out.

“Don’t be afraid yet. We have reinforcements.” Li Zhen glanced at the elites of the Huaxia Sector present and said, “A batch of elites will be urgently sent over from the first energy overflow combat circle.

“However, the mobility was limited. Coupled with the fact that the India Sector had already set up a Mars base at the first Energy Overflow Tunnel, almost all the students from the India Sector and the America Sector had been conscripted. Therefore, the first batch of reinforcements would arrive in an hour or so.

“At the same time, the Phobos’ Combat Command has also urgently recruited about 500 special forces who can rush over in a short period of time,” Li Zhen said.

“20,000 to 12,000? There were too few reinforcements! It should have at least 15,000! The human team had to have at least 15,000 people, or even 18,000 people, to withstand the siege of more than 20,000 alien elites.

“You have to know that their injuries and recovery ability are extremely powerful in this energy overflow combat circle. They naturally have an advantage!” The third-year dragon, Chu Wei, said.

Li Zhen looked at Chu Wei and shook his head. “There won’t be more than 2,500 reinforcements who can rush over within an hour. Two hours later, another 2,000 to 3,000 reinforcements would arrive. Three hours later, there are still two to three thousand special forces that the various bases have urgently mobilized.”

“In addition, the various Mars bases and Phobos have launched a barrage of firepower against the alien elites led by Black Eagle. They want to kill more of the alien elites on the way here, it should be able to weaken them,” Zhu Lang said.

After saying that, Zhu Lang added, “Of course, don’t have too many expectations for the suppression of firepower from technological weapons. Judging from the current results, there were already at most a thousand casualties on the way here with the alien elites. After all, most Genetic Mutants could easily dodge these long-range cannons. Those Genetic Evolvers can even snipe these cannons from afar.”

Everyone was silent! The atmosphere instantly became very oppressive.@@novelbin@@

“Are they doing this for the red pillar of light that suddenly appeared behind us? Is it to capture our second energy overflow combat circle?” Luo Murong asked.

“From the looks of it, that should be the case.”

“Do we have to hold on for three hours, or do we have to fight to the death?” Everyone’s expression changed when Luo Murong said that.

“The opinion of the Phobos Combat Command and the headquarters of the extraterrestrial moon base is to hold on for three hours. The alien elites gave up on the number one energy overflow base and came over. It could be seen that the thing in the red pillar of light must be very, very important! We have to stop and fight for anything that the alien races value,” Li Zhen said.

“Of course, if we can’t defend, the command center’s opinion is that we can retreat and preserve our strength!” Zhu Lang added.

“By the way, isn’t there a Quantum Portal? There should be a lot of Genetic Mutation Realm elites on the moon base, right?” The injured Cui Xi said, “Quickly send about 3,000 elites through the Quantum Portal. Then, hand the transportation power of the sky aircrafts in the various sectors to the quantum computer for optimal allocation. That way, we would have two to three thousand reinforcements in two hours. The difficulty of defending for two hours will be greatly reduced.”

Cui Xi’s analysis made sense. The Moon base could be considered a human base in the extra-terrestrial. It would be unreasonable not to station more than 10,000 Genetic Mutation Realm elites who could fight in the open. Coupled with the Quantum Portal, the difficulty of defending would be greatly reduced.

Hearing this, Zhu Lang and Li Zhen had bitter expressions.

“Cui Xi’s strategy is feasible. However, the flow of the Quantum Portal in the Moon base was completely controlled by the India Sector. The India Sector wants to establish a Mars base. They have already temporarily controlled the Quantum Portal,” Zhu Lang said helplessly.

“Then can’t we give up the India Sector for two hours for the time being? After all, this concerns the lives of so many people and the overall situation?” Cui Xi asked.

“It’s difficult! The Phobos’ Combat Command was already negotiating. However, the preparations for the construction of the Mars base of the India Sector, including the temporary usage of the Quantum Portal, were also allowed and approved by the various sectors.

“There’s already a long queue of resources and people who have to be transported through the Quantum Portal in the India Sector,” Zhu Lang said.

Hearing this, a ferocious expression flashed across Cui Xi’s face. “Then we’ll forcefully conscript the Quantum Portal. It should be possible, right?”

Zhu Lang looked at Cui Xi. “This problem is not something we can decide! However, the Planetary realm powerhouse from the India Sector, Nort, has already entered the Quantum Portal when the second energy overflow tunnel opened!”

“F*ck!” A student from the Huaxia Sector cursed.

The India Sector had occupied this rescue tunnel. They actually sent a Planetary realm powerhouse to guard the place! Even if it was forced, it was not something that could be obtained casually.

Zhu Lang also sighed slightly. Forced conscription! The higher-ups should also be considering this problem, but they were also considering the gains and losses. There was a high chance that the India Sector would risk their lives this time.

In the past few decades, in order to establish a Mars base, at least 5,000 elites had died in battle. It was difficult for them to give up just like that. Once they forced their way in, a battle between Planetary realm powerhouses would immediately erupt near the Quantum Portal.

The outcome was unpredictable. It might even be destructive.

“The Black Eagle will arrive in 45 minutes at the earliest. Our first wave of reinforcements will arrive at this time! That meant that we had to defend for two hours. We can heave a sigh of relief when the second wave of reinforcements arrives,” Chu Wei analyzed.

“I’m afraid that we won’t be able to hold on until the second wave of reinforcements arrive! Including the first wave of reinforcements, the alien elites still had the advantage of 8,000 people. Furthermore, they had the advantage of quickly recovering their strength and injuries. Once the battle starts, the advantage will continuously gather towards them and form a huge victory!” Cui Xi, who was analyzing the strategy, was a little miserable.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen actually agreed with Cui Xi’s strategic analysis.

“There’s no reason to retreat without fighting in this world! If the outcome can be determined just based on analysis, then what’s the point of fighting? We just had to analyze the data. Everyone, the orders from the battle command have been issued. Get ready to fight!

“Hold on! Kill the enemy! Stop the alien elites from achieving their goal!” Zhu Lang shouted.

Everyone was silent. They nodded in unison.

“Get ready. Just fight!” Cui Xi waved his staff with one hand. He had a ferocious expression.

Xu Tui, who had been listening, suddenly frowned. “Hey, Commander Zhu, Commander Li, I feel that you have overlooked a direction.”

“What direction?” Zhu Lang stopped and asked.

“Why did you defend to the death? Why didn’t you kill your way out? Why didn’t we charge forward before the Black Eagle arrived? Should we first eliminate the alien elites here to reduce the pressure in the future?” Xu Tui asked.

“I’ve studied this plan long ago. You’ll know when you see the alien elites in the inner and outer circle,” Zhu Lang said.

Xu Tui’s mental perception instantly spread out. He was also a little stunned when it spread out. The more than 10,000 alien elites who were originally confronting the human team here actually took the initiative to give up a large number of territories. They gathered together and took the initiative to defend themselves.

They had already set up a defensive formation. The outermost group was the Fission Race and the Mechanical Spirit Race, who were good at defense. They had already set up defenses.

In the middle were the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Dissimilate Clan, who were good at long-range attacks. Anyone who dared to attack would be instantly targeted by hundreds or thousands of elites.

Clearly, they had received orders from Black Eagle to wait for Black Eagle to lead an army to reinforce them.

Under such a state, especially in the energy overflow combat circle, the alien elites could quickly recover and replenish their energy. Even if the human team attacked forcefully, they would have to pay a huge price.

It was better to defend the innermost circles of the ring-shaped mountain and use the momentum of the alien elites to greatly injure them.

“They’ve already taken a defensive position. I’m afraid we can’t take the initiative to attack,” Li Zhen said.

“Wouldn’t it be over if we tore apart this defense?” Xu Tui suddenly said.

Everyone present, be it Zhu Lang or Li Zhen, they were all stunned. Tearing apart a defensive position that could be focused on from afar by more than 10,000 people? Did you think that was a joke? He could tear it apart just like that? You can’t brag like that.

“No, Xu Tui, you might not understand the military formation of genetic cultivators.” Zhu Lang cared about Xu Tui’s reputation and mentioned it slightly.

“No, I understand! I’ll tear it apart for you to see now.” Xu Tui became anxious when he realized that he was not believed. With a thought, the silver main flying sword instantly flew out.

Whoosh! An ear-piercing screech instantly rang out. Halfway up the mountain, the alien elites who had formed a defensive position first saw a silver light, then heard a sonic boom. Then, there were exclamations and chaos! There was an instant commotion inside the fortifications.

The silver flying sword instantly returned. Xu Tui was a little embarrassed. “There were only four of them in this strike. It was too little and only caused a little chaos. I’ll find a better target later!”

By the side, the others were stunned! They looked at the mountainside opposite them and then at the square. Damn it, it was at least 600 meters, right?