Chapter 567 - 567 Perfect And The Envoy (1)

567 Perfect and the Envoy (1)

Black Eagle was a little tired. He was tired mentally. It was not easy to be a commander. This was especially so since he had been ordered to fight on the battlefield at the last minute. He did not even have a decent staff team or deputy beside him.

Even if Black Eagle had tried its best to get the 20,000 to 30,000 people to establish a basic organization and command system in the previous hour, it was still a little chaotic. The staff officers and assistants that had been appointed at the last minute were characters like the mouthpiece.

It made Black Eagle extremely busy. There were too many things to do. He had to pay attention to the situation in the combat circle of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. He still had to focus on commanding the 8,000 elites he brought out from the first Energy Overflow Tunnel.

They had to be careful of the long-range cannon fire of the human race. They had to reduce the casualties as much as possible. Also, he had to gather the scattered alien elites. One more person meant one more power!

This time, they were going to capture the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. It was not a confrontation. It might even be a battle to the death!

It was also because of this that Black Eagle had a lot of things to deal with. Black Eagle’s square-shaped communication device was vibrating non-stop. There was a line of communication coming in at all times.

Of course, it was worth it as long as he succeeded. Therefore, even though Black Eagle was annoyed by the communication devices, he was still patient enough.

“Lord Black Eagle, our defensive position has been breached. All of us have been defeated. Please save us!”

“Lord Black Eagle, our defensive position has been breached. All of us have been defeated. Please… Ah…”

The anxious roar in the communication made Black Eagle a little confused. He could not react for a moment, but before he could repeat it a second time, a scream came from the communication.

Black Eagle became anxious. “What happened? How could the defensive position be broken through? How could it be broken through? Say something!”

Black Eagle was really anxious! However, no sound came from the other end of the communication. This guy who had urgently contacted Black Eagle might have been killed!

Black Eagle’s expression changed drastically. He immediately hung up the communication and took the initiative to contact another person. That was the commander of the second energy overflow combat circle that he had temporarily appointed.

The call went through, but there was no answer for a long time. This made Black Eagle’s heart sink. No one dared to ignore his communication request, be it out of status or strength. At this critical moment, there was only one possibility. The commander he had temporarily appointed had been killed.

Black Eagle immediately began to contact the second staff officer he had temporarily appointed. There was still no reply for a long time.

The third person was the same.

The fourth and fifth people still did not respond for a long time.

Black Eagle was shocked. That was impossible, right? The temporary commander he appointed and these combat area staff officers had a prerequisite for taking over. If one of them died, the next person would take over as the temporary commander.

None of them picked up his call. Were they all dead? That was impossible! He had instructed these people to guard the center of the defensive position and be careful of anything happening. How could all of them have died in battle? That was impossible!

Black Eagle panicked. He was really flustered. Something major had happened in the second combat area.

Actually, Black Eagle was right. The commander he had temporarily appointed and the combat area staff had all died in battle. They had all been eliminated by Xu Tui.

Xu Tui only had one principle. He would blast whoever gave the order with his mental hammer. The Earth Spike and the flying sword followed. Therefore, Xu Tui had killed the alien elite’s simple command system from the beginning.

The few commanders that Black Eagle had appointed were all gone. Black Eagle did not know who to contact. He did not know what had happened at the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. Who was still alive?@@novelbin@@

After some thought, Black Eagle quickly picked up the communication devices. Anyone who spoke nonsense would be hung up. A minute later, the Black Eagle finally encountered someone who had barely escaped. It reported the situation to him in fear.

The humans had gone crazy. The humans were too abnormal. They were dead. Many of his comrades had died. Too many people had died!

This person was clearly too frightened. It was not easy for Black Eagle to contact another person. Only then did he figure out the situation in the combat area of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel.

The position that they had tightened their defense and defended with all their might was easily broken through by the humans.

“Sir, the humans are still chasing after us. Most of us have lost the flying support of the Fission Race and the floating mechanical spirit beasts. The humans were chasing us in their Aerospace Combat Jet. Clan members were dying every moment! Lord Black Eagle, come and save us!”

The roar in the communication device made Black Eagle’s expression turn ugly. What the f*ck… How could this be! For a moment, even Black Eagle did not know what to do.

Rescue? Only a fool would go to the rescue! It was useless to send hundreds of people to help. If too many of them gathered together, they might be covered by the human cannons.

They might not be able to rescue them and might even lose their reinforcements. He had to get close to the second energy overflow combat area. However, if he did not save them, would he just sit back and watch his comrades in the second energy overflow combat circle be hunted down?

In that case, even if Black Eagle led its men to gather at the second energy overflow combat area, they would only become food for the human race.

Suddenly, Black Eagle felt that it was very difficult for him.