Chapter 569 - 569 Unit Close To The Super Limit Power (1)

569 Unit Close to the Super Limit Power (1)

In Area 22, above a dried-up river 700 kilometers away from the second energy overflow combat circle, a sky aircraft was flying at a high altitude of 500 meters.

Below, silver light shuttled. A silver light constantly shuttled below the sky aircraft. Every time it shuttled, there would be blood light or energy explosions.

In the sky aircraft, Yan Lie’s excitement had turned into numbness. He counted the numbers mechanically.

“One hundred and seventy-eight.”

“One hundred and seventy-nine.”

“One hundred and eighty.”

“One hundred and eighty-one.”

…

Yan Lie had become an extremely bored pilot of the sky aircraft during the 3,000-kilometer-long battle that had caused his blood to boil. He just had to maintain the height and a constant speed.

Yan Lie felt that he had transformed from Xu Tui’s comrade to Xu Tui’s tool. Previously, he felt like he was a dog. He would attack when Xu Tui shouted. However, at least they were killing enemies and fighting.

Currently, he only needed to pilot the sky aircraft steadily. Xu Tui, who was sitting on the sky aircraft, was like a missile launcher. He continuously shot out flying swords and reaped the lives of the fleeing alien elites in front of him.

The alien elites that were usually extremely difficult to kill were like paper in front of Xu Tui. He could kill one with a single strike. Yan Lie wanted to pull Xu Tui’s flying sword over and see if there was any supernatural power embedded in it. Why was he so powerful?

Four days ago, when he and Xu Tui had just come out of the Mars base of the Huaya Sector, they had been chased around by a floating mechanical spirit beast. At that time, Xu Tui’s flying sword had not been so powerful.

But now, Xu Tui’s flying sword was so powerful that Yan Lie did not feel anything. He felt that such a battle was so boring.

“Change directions. There are no more targets ahead.”

“Alright.” Yan Lie responded mechanically. Xu Tui had already killed all the alien elites he had been chasing just now.@@novelbin@@

Of course, Xu Tui was not the only pursuer. All the teams with sky aircrafts and the special combat teams from the various bases with sky aircrafts were chasing after the fleeing alien elites.

What was called a landslide? The current alien elites were defeated like a landslide! Actually, if many alien elites did not escape and fight back, they might be able to escape. However, once they fled, they had lost.

“How’s your mind power? Do you need to rest and recover?” Yan Lie reminded Xu Tui as he changed the direction of his flight to find a new target.

Xu Tui had been fighting continuously for more than half an hour since the second energy overflow combat circle. Yan Lie was really worried that Xu Tui’s mind power would be exhausted.

“It’s fine. The consumption is alright.”

The effect of strengthening the 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain into a Level 2 Genetic Ability Chain was completely displayed in this battle. His mind power was extremely powerful. Even after fighting for half an hour, Xu Tui still had more than 50% of his mind power.

Of course, there were more benefits. The benefits of a sudden increase in mind power were everywhere. For example, the speed and power of the flying sword, the power of various superpowers, and so on. This was a collective improvement.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would not have been able to tear open the defense formation of the elite aliens in the second energy overflow combat circle with his own strength.

Yan Lie turned to look at Xu Tui but did not say anything. He knew that Xu Tui’s strength had definitely increased during his previous cultivation. That was because even he had greatly increased his strength. Xu Tui’s strength had definitely increased greatly.

Yan Lie had actually made an estimate of Xu Tui’s strength. He even made a relatively large estimate. However, at this moment, Yan Lie realized that the increase in Xu Tui’s strength might be more than double his estimate.

The combat strength that Xu Tui had displayed today had to be at least a Level A Genetic Evolution Realm, right?

Suddenly, Yan Lie felt an inexplicable pressure. He felt the pressure of being abandoned! If he did not work hard, he might have been abandoned by Xu Tui at some point. Have you ever seen a college student sitting at the same table as a junior high school student?

Yan Lie felt that the difference between him and Xu Tui was about to reach this distance. He had to work hard!

“Phobos’s Planetary Eye indicated that there are about 20 alien elites 100 kilometers away in the one o’clock direction, should we give chase?” Yan Lie asked.

“Yeah.” Xu Tui nodded. His current goal was to expand the results and obtain contribution points.

Ten minutes later, the count jumped to 203. This was the result of his and Xu Tui’s kills from the crater. The other teams definitely did not have as many results as Xu Tui, but it was still a lot.

This time, the alien elites were severely injured. Even if the Black Eagle gathered all the extraterrestrial elites to the second energy overflow circle, they would not be afraid. The only thing that Xu Tui was a little displeased about was the India Sector and the American Sector that were enjoying the fruits of their labor at the first energy overflow combat circle.

Xu Tui’s information flow became much smoother as he sat on the sky aircraft.

At the first Energy Overflow Tunnel, the India Sector had already begun to build their Mars base. The solidification tunnel was underway, but the preliminary defenses were about to be completed.

As long as the preliminary defenses were completed, the Mars base of the India Sector would be half-built. More accurately, it was the Mars base of the India Sector and the American Sector. This time, the India Sector chose to cooperate with the American Sector.