Chapter 566 - 566 Targeted Kill (3)

566 Targeted Kill (3)

“Mechanical Spirit, long-range attack, long—”

Bang!

Swish!

Xu Tui hammered the commander with his mental hammer. With a casual wave of his hand, the Earth Spike instantly rose and pierced through him. Unfortunately, the commander was a little weak.

Xu Tui was dumbfounded when he swung his mental hammer. The power of his Level 3 genetic base point could not be displayed at all.

Those who wanted to organize a long-range attack would be eliminated by Xu Tui’s mental hammer and earth spikes as long as there were any signs. Soon, Zhao Hailong, Chu Wei, Yan Xuejin, and the others began to participate in the battle remotely.

“Focus on the eight o’clock and two o’clock directions. I’ll tear a hole in their defense line later,” Xu Tui said.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, who were already stunned, nodded vigorously. They had to nod! These three students and teachers were too f*cking powerful. In just half a minute, they had killed more than 200 alien elites.@@novelbin@@

This was especially so for An Xiaoxue. As long as there was a flash of silver in her hair, dozens of alien elites would die. Now, Li Zhen only prayed that An Xiaoxue’s hair was long enough and that she would not go bald early.

Bian Yuan’s sword formation was also extremely sharp. With every wave, a distance of about a meter would be cleared. Were all the guys in the School of Enlightened Mind that powerful?

Of course, Xu Tui was the fiercest. With his own strength, he had caused the defense formation of the alien elite to be in chaos. Xu Tui alone was a long-range firepower base.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen finally saw it clearly. In the defense formation of the alien elites, whoever spoke would die. Whoever attacked from afar would die. This ability was simply abnormal!

Not only that, Xu Tui’s continuous attacks of the Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula had completely messed up the defense formation of the alien elites. This was also the first time Zhu Lang and Li Zhen had discovered that the abilities of the School of General Senses were so terrifying in battle formations.

The next minute, when Xu Tui’s Mountain Formula continued to fall like dumplings, the earth spikes rose and fell like piano keys. Not only did the alien elites suffer heavy casualties, but their formation was also completely chaotic.

The defensive formation that they had spent almost an hour forming under the remote command of the Black Eagle was disrupted by Xu Tui alone. Under such circumstances, if Zhu Lang and Li Zhen could not win, then they could jump into the tunnel and commit suicide! They would create a precedent for suicide.

As Luo Murong rushed in with his golden saber, a large number of human teams began to kill their way into the defense positions of the alien elites. An Xiaoxue, Bian Yuan, Zhao Hailong, and Chu Wei were steadily implementing Xu Tui’s strategy.

Targeted killing!

Which alien elite was commanding, which alien elite was attacking from afar, and which alien elite was stronger, they would blast him apart from afar.

On the other hand, Xu Tui had unleashed this tactic to the extreme. The Earth Spike, the mental hammer, and the flying sword attacked at the same time. Whoever performed well would be killed!

In less than ten minutes of the battle, these alien elites who were defending collapsed. They began to escape in large numbers. However, they realized that there was resistance even if they fled.

At the bottom of the crater, many human teams had already gathered there, waiting for them to escape.

There were obstructions in front of them and pursuers behind them. There were also sinister flying swords, silver lights, and arrows dancing above their heads. The mentality of the alien elites collapsed on the spot.

How could this be! There had never been such a scene of being chased and killed on the Mars battlefield for hundreds of years. In the early years, they were the ones who chased after the humans. The humans could only barely form a formation to protect themselves. Why was it the other way around today?

The extraterrestrial elites in the second tunnel were defeated. A large number of alien elites were killed. Of course, some of them also rushed out. They were risking their lives in exchange for others. They only wanted a way out!

A portion of the alien elites still charged out alive. The moment they charged out, they contacted Black Eagle for help as they fled.