Chapter 564 - 564 Targeted Kill (1)

564 Targeted Kill (1)

“This distance looks like four to five hundred meters, right? The combat distance of your flying sword is so far?” Chu Wei, a third-year dragon who was also from the Mystery Branch, was dumbfounded.

Xu Tui was a freshman with a combat distance of at least 400 to 500 meters. If he did not see this with his own eyes, he would definitely spit on him. He shouldn’t brag like this, right?

“More or less. My combat distance has always been relatively far. Of course, this is also the reason why I just broke through,” Xu Tui said.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, the two strategic coordinators, were also a little confused. They had seen people who had a long combat distance. But they had never seen a student who has not graduated yet to have such a long combat distance and accurately pierce through four people with one strike.

For most people, the further the combat distance, the lower the accuracy.

“Hailong, how far can your bow shoot?” Zhu Lang asked.

“The furthest? It should be able to exceed 300 meters while maintaining a certain level of lethality and accuracy.”

“Then let’s take the Genetic Mutation Realm powerhouses among the alien elites as an example. How far can you guarantee that you will kill them?” Zhu Lang continued to ask.

“An alien elite in the Genetic Mutation Realm? If I want to kill him with an arrow, it should be about 200 meters. I can guarantee when it is 180 meters!” Zhao Hailong said.

Hearing this, Zhu Lang nodded. “Among the alien elites, their supernatural beings have a combat distance of about 100 meters. However, the range of the Mechanical Spirit’s energy attacks is usually 200 meters or even further.@@novelbin@@

“If we had to tear open their defensive circle remotely, we would need a few more people to cooperate, with Xu Tui as the arrowhead. This way, the combat distance was reduced to 150 meters. Which of you has an effective killing distance of 150 meters?” Zhu Lang said.

Not many people stepped forward. Only Chu Wei, Yan Xuejin, and a third-year archer stepped out. There were only three of them.

“You guys study the tactics. I’ll go find a few people. I’ll also find a few people who can withstand the attacks and strive to tear open their defense line in a short period of time to reduce the pressure in the future.”

Li Zhen surrounded him and left. However, Xu Tui said, “Wait a moment. There’s no need, right?”

“No need?” Li Zhen turned around in shock.

“My teacher is here.”

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen were stunned at the same time. They had forgotten about this god just now. It was mainly because An Xiaoxue and Bian Yuan were only quietly cultivating in the innermost circle. The two of them did not say a word. It was so quiet that others almost forgot about their existence.

“Miss An, excuse me. How far can your combat distance be?” Zhu Lang quickly asked.

An Xiaoxue, who was cultivating, opened her eyes and looked at Zhu Lang. She did not answer. Instead, she looked at Xu Tui. “Xu Tui knows.”

Zhu Lang looked at Xu Tui. This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to be stunned. Xu Tui did not know An Xiaoxue’s maximum combat distance. However, Xu Tui immediately understood what An Xiaoxue meant.

An Xiaoxue did not want to reveal her maximum combat distance in front of so many people, but she did not want to lie against her conscience, so she pushed the blame to Xu Tui.

“How about this? Commander Zhu, leave the matter of tearing open their defenses to me. I’ll leave the matter of taking the opportunity to attack and command the others to cooperate with us to you. How about that?” Xu Tui said.

“This… Can the three of you do it?”

“Senior Zhao Hailong and the other three are also under my command. Also, Miao Huanshan and the other earth-type and water-type supernatural beings are also under my command,” Xu Tui said.

“Xu Tui, my combat distance is not enough,” Miao Huanshan, who was at the side, quickly said, afraid that he would cause trouble.

“I didn’t ask you to attack. Raise your shields and replenish our defenses,” Xu Tui said.

“No problem.” Miao Huanshan gladly accepted the order.

After saying that, Xu Tui looked at Zhu Lang and Li Zhen. “I’ll lead them to focus on the attack. I should be able to discover the enemy’s defense gap and power changes immediately. I’ll inform you. How about that?”

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen looked at each other but did not answer immediately. Xu Tui’s words were tactful. He wanted to inform them about the enemy’s defense gap and changes in power. In reality, Xu Tui was the one commanding them. It was equivalent to Xu Tui going to command.

This was a matter that concerned the life and death of tens of thousands of elites of the Blue Star human team. The two of them did not dare to agree rashly.

“Are you confident?” Zhu Lang asked.

“Should be.”

Zhu Lang was helpless. Can’t you speak more confidently and give us some confidence? Xu Tui was also helpless. This was his first time.

“If there are any changes or if you find a defense gap, can you try your best to tell us in detail?” Li Zhen suddenly said.

Xu Tui understood what Li Zhen meant when he saw him. What a cunning man. He was extremely cunning!

Li Zhen was asking Xu Tui to explain the situation of the battle in detail before he gave the order. Then, he would let them decide if they should bring people to attack. In other words, Li Zhen was saying that Xu Tui could command the tens of thousands of human elites present through the two of them. However, the two of them also had the right to choose.

They could choose to carry out Xu Tui’s orders or not. Of course, this was also a safe method.

“Up to you. By the way, are the contribution points counted?” Xu Tui understood what these experienced people were thinking, but he did not want to be so tired. He purely wanted to win. Of course, he could not lose a single cent!

“Of course.”

“Alright, let’s get started. I’ll set up a plan first.” As he spoke, Xu Tui casually summoned the water puppet and protected An Xiaoxue. He threw in a few water-type Origin Crystals and did not forget to wave at Li Zhen. “Remember, you have to reimburse the public expenses.”