Chapter 562 - 562 The Fluctuation Time Of The Fake

562 The Fluctuation Time of the Fake

No one could have expected that after Black Eagle had carefully planned to severely injure Li Zhouchen, they would bring a large number of alien elites and leave the first Energy Overflow Tunnel.

This was something that the strategic coordinator of the First Energy Overflow Tunnel, including the Phobos Combat Command, had not expected. When the red pillar of light appeared in the center of the second Energy Overflow Tunnel, the Phobos’ Combat Command had also made various predictions.

It was also predicted that a portion of the alien elites might head to the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. But that was only part of it. After all, the number of extraterrestrial elites that could be accommodated around the second tunnel was limited.

However, the Black Eagle had taken away almost all the extraterrestrial elites in the first Energy Overflow Tunnel.

Of course, those who did not follow Black Eagle in the beginning did not dare to stay. Most of the troops have left. Are you going to stay where you are and wait to be smashed by the Blue Star humans?

For a time, the entire first Energy Overflow Tunnel formed a surging torrent. More than 8,000 alien elites gathered and rushed towards the second Energy Overflow Tunnel.

Originally, such a large-scale evacuation would be very easy to pursue.

However, under Black Eagle’s meticulous planning, Black Eagle first severely injured Li Zhouchen, then personally brought people to cover the retreat. They killed a few human teams who wanted to pursue them on the spot, causing most of the teams who wanted to participate in the pursuit to retreat.@@novelbin@@

It was already five minutes later when the other human teams were organized under the command of the strategic coordinator. It was hard to say what the outcome would be if they chased after them now.

Almost at the same time that Black Eagle left with the elites of the first Energy Overflow Tunnel and charged towards the second Energy Overflow Tunnel, 50 kilometers away, the commander of the India Sector base, Sotum, who had been waiting, suddenly stood up.

“They’re gone! These alien elites have really left! Sir’s plan has succeeded. Assault team, get ready. Cover the construction team and move forward. Special combat team, with the first energy overflow tunnel as the center, eliminates all extraterrestrial creatures within a radius of 100 kilometers.

“Rade, all the students and teachers participating in the battle will follow the military orders. Also, send a message to Lord Nilab. The turning point has appeared and we’ll begin our operation. The construction of the base is expected to officially begin in half an hour!”

Following Sotum’s orders, the thousands of people hiding in the col began to move. At the first tunnel, there were already students and teachers from the India Sector who began to clear the area in the name of the India Genetic Committee. Of course, they had only cleared the first few circles. That would become a rapid construction site.

The strategic coordinator here reported this urgent change to the Phobos’ Combat Command. At the same time, he began to organize his men and was prepared to set off to provide support at any time.

The Black Eagle led more than 8,000 extraterrestrial elites and charged towards the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. No matter what was in the combat circle of the Energy Overflow Tunnel, it might be catastrophic for the human teams in the combat circle.

The number of human teams and extraterrestrial elites confronting each other inside and outside the energy overflow combat circle was slightly more than the number of people in the first energy overflow combat circle. Both sides had about 9,000.

They were originally evenly matched. But now, Black Eagle was leading more than 8,000 alien elites to attack. It instantly became two against one! The situation in the second energy overflow tunnel would become very dangerous.

Next, they might very well support the second energy overflow battle circle.

…

Moon and India Sector integrated base.

Nilab, who had been waiting, slammed the table and stood up excitedly after receiving Sotum’s message. “It’s done! It’s really done! Our base is about to succeed!” He was so excited that the staff officers behind him congratulated him.

Under the lead of the Black Eagle, the alien elites of the first energy overflow combat circle charged towards the second energy overflow combat circle. Next, the India Sector would be able to solidify the Energy Overflow Tunnel with minimal interference. At the same time, they would be able to build defensive fortifications.

Although the process of solidifying the passageway would attract a large number of low-level servants who sensed the abnormal fluctuations in their energy, it was not too dangerous.

The truly dangerous ones were the alien elites. However, at this moment, they were taken away by the Black Eagle and charged towards the second Energy Overflow Tunnel.

Regardless of whether the second energy overflow tunnel could withstand it, it was equivalent to the elites of the other five alliances helping the India Sector restrain the alien elites. Otherwise, once they set up a base at the first tunnel, not only would the nearby alien elites strongly stop them, but they would also gather more alien elites.

This was also the fundamental reason why the India Sector had failed to build a base in the past. Now, this problem was resolved just because of a red pillar of light.

Taking a step back, even if the human team at the second tunnel was defeated by the alien elites brought over by Black Eagle, what could he do? As long as the Mars base in the India Sector was successfully established, it would be a victory.

Even if Black Eagle led those alien elites to defeat the human team in the second tunnel, it would still be very helpful for the India Sector to successfully establish a Mars base. In the battle at the second tunnel, regardless of whether the humans or the alien elites won, they would greatly consume the strength of both sides.

The large number of casualties of the alien elites was a good thing for the India Sector to establish a Mars base. Even if the alien elites turned around and attacked, the pressure on them would be greatly reduced.

The human team had suffered heavy casualties. This was also a good thing for the India Sector. It was extremely beneficial to the India Sector’s future struggle for supremacy in the extra-terrestrial.

Therefore, for the India Sector and Nilab, as long as Black Eagle brought the alien elites over, it would be a victory. 20,000 alien elites against 10,000 human teams. Nilab felt that the outcome was beautiful!

“Follow the plan! Order the second transport division of Deimos to set off. We must establish the basic defenses of the Mars base in the India Sector immediately.

“Inform the Phobos’ Combat Command that the India Sector has begun to establish a Mars base as planned. Request Phobos to follow the agreement and launch a heavy firepower attack on the low-level Mechanical Spirits and low-level Fission Race located around Area 18!”

Nilab was still a little excited after giving a few orders.

“This won’t do. I have to look for Lord Itavi and confirm the duration of this red pillar of light.” Muttering, Nilab left quickly.

A few minutes later, Nilab met the Planetary realm powerhouse of the India Sector, Itavi, again in the quiet room on the top floor of the office building. As usual, he first bowed respectfully!

“Lord Itavi, thank you again for your great contribution to the India Sector! The extraterrestrial elites of the first energy overflow combat area have already charged towards the red pillar of light in the second energy overflow tunnel under the lead of the Black Eagle. The plan succeeded! The construction of our Mars base has entered a substantive stage!” Nilab said.

“Yes, it’s good that you succeeded.” Itavi nodded gently, his eyes half-closed. Even if he was a Planetary realm powerhouse, the consequences of losing a will imprint would not be as simple as losing 10% of his mind power. His mind and spirit were shaken. It would probably take a long time to recover.

“Lord Itavi, our Mars base has already been built. However, there is another extremely important factor that I need to confirm with you,” Nilab said.

“Speak.”

“Lord Itavi, I want to know if the fake image that you concocted that can attract the flames of an alien elite will be seen through. How long could it last? How long we can attract the alien elites is extremely important to us,” Nilab said.

“It will definitely be seen through. However, even if it is seen through, you have to come into close contact with it to discover that it is fake. So what if they discovered that the red pillar fluctuations were fake then? Haven’t we achieved our goal?” Itavi said.

Nilab nodded. “Then Lord Itavi, can you tell me how long this Red Pillar fluctuation can last? I’ll be prepared early.”

“How long will it last?” Itavi did not answer immediately. He could not tell for sure about this question. He had only come up with this idea because he had occasionally heard this secret and had paid a huge price to confirm this discovery from the alien elites through special channels. Their goal was to help the India Sector build their own Mars base. Whether or not they had their own Mars base was too important to a sector.

“The thing I made should be able to continuously emit red pillar fluctuations for eight hours. However, the situation in the tunnel was extremely complicated. It was extremely difficult to predict. I could not rule out the possibility that time would increase or decrease. It could be six hours or ten,” said Itavi.

“Six hours. Two and a half hours have passed. Even if they disappear, it will take time for those alien elites to kill their way over. At least four hours of undisturbed construction time is enough!”

After some calculations, Nilab finally heaved a sigh of relief. This time, the chances of the India Sector building a Mars base were increasing.

“It’s been hard on you, Sir. After the Mars base in the India Sector is completed, you will personally unveil it. Sir will also be the first contributor to the successful establishment of the Mars base in the India Sector! The history books will remember it!” Nilab bowed.

Itavi smiled, accepting Nilab’s words. But he still said, “Everything is worth it for the strength of my race!”

Nilab bowed again, then left. After Nilab left, Itavi fell into deep thought. Back then, he had only heard a saying that in order to help the India Sector build a Mars base, he had done everything he could to confirm this matter. Only then did he personally take action!

However, is there something like a Fire Slip? There should be. The person who could contact the Dissimilate Clan and the Mechanical Spirit Race had proven the authenticity of this news. Now, the reactions of the alien elites further confirmed the authenticity.

Then, under what circumstances would this real fire slip appear? Or rather, how could he find it?