Chapter 565 - 565 Targeted Kill (2)

565 Targeted Kill (2)

Li Zhen felt a toothache. This kid was addicted to taking advantage of others.

After a short exchange, Xu Tui roughly understood the combat distance of An Xiaoxue and Bian Yuan. The combat distance of the School of Enlightened Mind was not short.

Even if he had only activated one ability with the genetic information fluid of the Black-Crown Queen Bee back then, without the mental chain ability, the combat distance would be far when his mind power was powerful.

An Xiaoxue’s maximum effective killing distance was 300 meters. What surprised Xu Tui was that Mr. Bian Yuan’s killing distance was also more than 300 meters. However, Xu Tui immediately understood why Bian Yuan’s combat distance could reach 300 meters.

A minute later, Xu Tui’s flying sword attacked again. The silver flying sword flashed and blasted towards the defensive positions of the alien elites.

The alien elites was not stupid. After Xu Tui’s attack just now, they immediately had an expert in defense to defend against Xu Tui’s flying sword. The moment the flying sword flew out, at least five Mechanical Spirit Race members attacked Xu Tui’s flying sword.

It caused Xu Tui’s flying sword to lose its instant kill ability. It would take a lot of effort to use a flying sword to kill the alien elites in the defensive battle formation. It would be a little difficult to control a flying sword like just now.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, who were preparing to take action behind Xu Tui, had nervous expressions. Had Xu Tui’s flying sword lost the ability to tear through the enemy’s defense so quickly and become targeted by the alien enemies?

Xu Tui was not anxious at all. The flying sword continued to circle around them and advance from all directions. But there were elites from the Mechanical Spirit Race in every direction. They were extremely accurate in sniping at Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Xu Tui basically knew what to do after this round. Among the alien elites, there were only 12 to 13 Mechanical Spirits who had a combat distance of more than 300 meters.

Xu Tui had already marked these guys.

“Miss An, Mr. Bian, Senior Zhao, Senior Chu, there will be chaos later. Get ready,” Xu Tui suddenly said.

An Xiaoxue gently stepped forward when she heard that. Her silver hair fluttered. Looking at An Xiaoxue’s fluttering silver hair, Xu Tui understood that Miss An was going to use her Dimensional Explosion.

This made Xu Tui suddenly think of a very important question. Would she go bald? Every time Miss An used the Dimensional Explosion, a piece of her hair would explode. Would she go bald if she used it too much? Xu Tui was a little confused and worried.

However, he did not dare to ask. He was afraid of being beaten to death if he asked!

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s flying sword was circling. A few supernatural beings suddenly looked up from the dense crowd of alien elites. Their expressions changed drastically. “Be careful above your head!”

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

Small mountains instantly descended from the sky and smashed towards the densest area of the alien elite defense camp. In an instant, the central camp of the alien elites was in chaos.

Xu Tui’s small mountain had a radius of ten meters. Some alien elites discovered it, and they attacked immediately. However, to their horror, they realized that the invisible mountain could not be shattered.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s mind power and the Mountain Formula had already been strengthened to Level 2 Genetic Ability Chain. Coupled with the fact that his mind power had more than doubled, it felt like one’s strength was superior to ten under the suppression of this small mountain.

A mountain crashed down. Those who were stupid and wanted to take it head-on were smashed into meat paste on the spot. The smarter ones could run out.

Xu Tui did not care how much damage he caused. In any case, the Mountain Formula that he conjured was aimed at the elites of the Mechanical Spirit Race who could attack from a distance of 300 meters. Even if he could not kill them, he could scare them away. If he could not scare them away, it could also interfere with them!

It was also at this moment that An Xiaoxue, Bian Yuan, Zhao Hailong, Chu Wei, and Yan Xuejin quickly advanced.

An Xiaoxue and Bian Yuan attacked at the same time after running dozens of meters forward. Her silver hair fluttered slightly, and more than 50 silver lights instantly disappeared. At the same time, thousands of silver needles instantly flew out from in front of Bian Yuan, forming a sword screen that was five meters wide. It let out a fine and sharp sound.

Zhao Hailong, Chu Wei, and Yan Xuejin continued forward.

Miao Huanshan, Li Zheng, and the other earth and water-type supernatural beings followed behind them. The Earth Shield and Water Shield spun and replenished their defenses at any time.

“Defend!” Among the alien elites, someone roared!

A large number of Mechanical Spirits and Fission Race members gathered their energy shields and raised their alloy shields. However, the silver light that had just assaulted them suddenly disappeared. The moment they appeared again, they had already appeared at the vital spot between their brows.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi! The moment it entered their bodies, there was an explosion. In an instant, at least 30 alien elites fell.

The sword formation of Bian Yuan was extremely fast. When it was 250 meters away, it suddenly condensed into a two-meter-wide sword screen. In Xu Tui’s mental perception, the power that Bian Yuan had attached to the Myriad Swords Formation was constantly dissipating. He had lost control. However, they were still quickly attacking the enemy.

Xu Tui roughly understood why Bian Yuan’s sword formation could kill enemies from afar. He shot out like an arrow! It was fine as long as there were enough enemies in front of them.

In the next moment, the enemy within a meter of the sword array was pierced through two layers by the sword array. He had killed at least ten alien elites!

Bian Yuan was a little sweaty. “It’s a little far. If I get closer, the sword formation can be more agile!” As he spoke, Bian Yuan approached the defense position of the alien elites again.

At the same time, someone from the alien elites also commanded, “Don’t panic. There are only a few of them!