Chapter 568 - 568 Perfect And The Envoy (2)

568 Perfect and the Envoy (2)

If he was the real decision maker, the best thing he could do would be to bring people and turn the tables. He would return to the number one energy overflow combat base and severely injure the human race to salvage his defeat.

However, the order of the inspector was for him to attack the second energy overflow combat area with all his might and take down the innermost circle to fight for the mysterious fire slip that was about to appear.

The probability of losing was too high if they led the team into battle now. The casualties would only be more severe. But if he did not lead the team over, he would be disobeying orders.

For a moment, Black Eagle felt that it was very difficult for him.

…

At this moment, the innermost circle of the first energy overflow combat circle had become a busy construction site.

Wearing an oxygen-supported combat uniform, the engineers operated a variety of primitive engineering machines to speed up the construction.

The more sophisticated the technology, the easier it was for it to fail in the combat area. On the other hand, the fewer electronic devices there were, the less likely it would break. Of course, this also caused the construction speed to be a little slow.

However, Sotum was very satisfied!

The second tunnel successfully absorbed the firepower of the alien elites, making it very easy to establish a Mars base of the India Sector.

Although there were low-level Mechanical Spirits and low-level Fission Races constantly charging over from the periphery, they were wiped out by the special combat teams and student teams scattered around.

It took a lot of time to solidify the Energy Overflow Tunnel, but in another hour, the first batch of defenses would be built.

Three hours later, the fortifications would form the basic defense line. At that time, even if the alien elites turned around and attacked, the pressure would be greatly reduced.

As a result, Commander Sotum was very relaxed. He started chatting with Nilab, who was remotely commanding an aerospace combat jet. Of course, the content of the conversation was mainly about the changes on the spot.

“Sir, everything is going smoothly. We just received news that the Black Eagle that left with more than 8,000 alien elites has already charged towards the second energy overflow combat area. It’s estimated that in half an hour, he will bring 10,000 extraterrestrial elites to besiege the second energy overflow combat circle,” Sotum said.

“That 20,000 against 10,000 is really worrying for them!” Nilab said worriedly, but his eyes were filled with smiles.

“Sir, there’s another piece of information. You must be very happy to hear it.”

“What information?”

“It’s said that for some reason, the students from the Huaxia Sector have occupied all five circles of the second energy overflow tunnel. It can be said that at least half of the elites of the Huaxia Sector are gathered in the five inner circles,” Sotum said.

Nilab was stunned, but a smile appeared on his face. “This is really good news. The main target of the alien elites is the inner five circles of the second energy overflow battle circle.”

“Hahahaha!” Sotum laughed out loud when he heard Nilab’s slightly teasing laugh. On the other side of the video conversation, Nilab also laughed happily.

They were about to build a Mars base and could also greatly weaken the power of the Huaxia Sector. Nothing could make them happier than this outcome!

Wasn’t it? However, there was one other thing. That was, up until now, neither the Huaxia Sector nor the other sectors understood that the so-called abnormality was actually caused by the India Sector.

The India Sector used this fake phenomenon to get the other five alliances to help them share the pressure.

Think about the shares that those alliances had asked for in the past! If they wanted them to help build the Mars base, they would have to ask for a share. Now, other than the American Sector, the other four alliances had all given their all to help them withstand all the pressure.

However, in the end, they would not obtain any benefits. This matter was too pleasant! This time, the India Sector did not have to pay a huge price to successfully establish a Mars base.

Perfect!

With the special contribution of successfully establishing a Mars base, Nilab felt that he was not far from completely reaching the top.

Perfect!

Of course, the appearance of the red pillar of light that could attract alien elites was such a coincidence. Some of the alliance might suspect that the India Sector was behind this.

So what? Among the six alliances, who dared to say that they could control the movements of the alien elites? On the surface, no one could do it. There was no record either. In that case, they could not blame the India Sector. They were just too lucky!

If such a person really raised such a question, Nilab had even thought of a way to retort.

If you have the ability, can you control and influence the movements of the alien elites? Did you have to be envious when we were lucky? He would definitely spit on the other party’s face. He would even make the other party speechless.

It was perfect!

Just as Nilab and Sotum were immersed in joy, Nilab and Sotum suddenly received a battle notice from Phobos at the same time.

“Under the command of the strategic coordinator, Zhu Lang, and Li Zhen, under the heroic battle of the elites of the Huaxia Sector, An Xiaoxue, Xu Tui, Bian Yuan, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and Chu Wei, we tore through the defensive formation of the alien invaders in the second energy overflow combat circle and forced them to flee!

“Currently, the number of alien invaders killed in the crater has reached 4,266. Countless people were injured. The elites of the human race are currently leading the pursuit. They are still expanding the results of the battle. The results of the pursuit are still increasing! They had a great victory!

“All hail the humans!”

In an instant, Sotum and Nilab were stunned. Their first reaction was that this should be fake. However, soon, the two of them confirmed that it was not fake. Phobos did not dare to spread such news.

“How is that possible? Isn’t the second energy combat circle of the Energy Overflow Tunnel a standoff? Isn’t it almost evenly matched? How can the people of the Huaxia Sector lead others to defeat the alien elites? They killed nearly half of them!

“F*ck, even if we count the numbers in the past five years, the number of alien elites we killed during Mars Energy Tide would not be as many as this battle, right?” Nilab was confused.

Sotum broke out in a cold sweat, “Sir, I’m worried… I’m worried that after Black Eagle receives this news, they won’t dare to attack the second energy overflow combat circle. Instead, they will attack our first energy overflow combat circle!”

Nilab stood abruptly. This possibility was too great! Nilab did not know how important the red pillar of light was to the alien elites. However, if Black Eagle was a qualified commander and knew that the human race had won the second energy overflow combat circle, the best choice would be to turn around and attack. He would charge back to the first energy overflow combat circle!

“Defend! Be on full alert!”

“Understood!” Sotum immediately entered the command channel on the Aerospace Combat Jet and gave an emergency order.

…

While Sotum was worried that Black Eagle would return, Black Eagle, who felt that life was so difficult, had no choice but to contact the inspector, Fire Eye Number Three, and report the situation.@@novelbin@@

“Useless!

Black Eagle could feel Fire Eye Number Three’s anger even through the communication device.

“More than half of them were suddenly killed when we were evenly matched. Are you going to tell me that a human Genetic Transmutation Realm expert took action?” Fire Eye Number Three said angrily.

“Sir, we don’t know the specific reason yet. We’re still investigating. However, because there are too many casualties, we don’t have detailed information yet…”

“Useless! Thousands of people died. Up until now, we don’t even know how they died! Black Eagle, you disappoint me!”

Black Eagle was speechless. Black Eagle was also dumbfounded. He really did not know! He had tried his best!

“Sir, what should we do now? Should we turn around or?” Black Eagle asked carefully.

Fire Eye Number Three pondered. He also had a helpless expression. More than half of the 10,000 elites in the second overflow combat circle had been killed. This defeat had completely ruined the good situation. It was an unprecedented loss.

Without the mysterious Fire Slip, it would be most suitable to return. But he had to explore and think of a way to obtain the mysterious fire slip.

But in the current situation, if Black Eagle forcefully brought people to attack the second energy overflow combat circle, there was a high chance that they would be killed. While he was hesitating, a message suddenly appeared on the personal communication of the inspector, Fire Eye Number Three.

“The envoy is about to arrive at the Mars battlefield. Please transfer your command immediately and cooperate with the envoy.”

“Repeat: The envoy is about to arrive at the Mars battlefield. Please transfer command immediately and cooperate with the envoy.”