Chapter 560 - 560 Successful Strengthening And Black Eagle’S Operation (1)

560 Successful Strengthening and Black Eagle’s Operation (1)

It was mainly because of the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence. They were extremely strange and could be said to be unpredictable on the battlefield. That was why Xu Tui was conflicted.

As long as it was a living being, it would have emotions. It would not be able to escape the category of the Seven Emotions. Joy, anger, sorrow, thought, grief, fear, shock.

Previously, when Xu Tui was fighting with Bu Luo and the others, the situation had been extremely difficult. He had almost no chance of winning. Bu Luo only needed to hold on for a few more minutes to exhaust Xu Tui to death.

However, using Bu Luo’s anger, under the influence of the Spiritual Concealment of the School of Radiation Influence, he was defeated and killed on the spot. Other faculties would not be able to achieve such a battle record. However, the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence could.

On the other hand, it was not a regular combat strength and was not used often. So Xu Tui was a little conflicted. Should he strengthen the various genetic ability chains of the School of Radiation Influence or a Level 2 genetic base point?

Xu Tui did not dwell on it for too long. It would be the greatest waste if he wasted his time because of this. He made a decision after thinking for 30 seconds. He would first strengthen one genetic base point to Level 3 genetic base point.

Xu Tui did not need to explore the path of cultivation step by step.

Currently, only Xu Tui, who had the illusory introspection, had the clearest understanding of the path of strengthening genetic base points to Level 3 and strengthening it to Level 3 genetic ability chain.

There were definitely experts with Level 3 Genetic Base Points or Level 3 Genetic Ability Chains among the other cultivators. However, their cultivation experience and understanding were not suitable for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui needed to clear a path for himself. Would he be able to strengthen his genetic base points to Level 3? How much did it take to strengthen a genetic base point to Level 3? How much would the enhancement of a Level 3 genetic base point be?

This was the answer to these questions that Xu Tui needed to find.

On the contrary, the cultivation of the genetic ability chains of the School of Radiation Influence could be carried out at any time in the future. Without high concentrations of Origin Energy, he could still use Origin Crystals to cultivate. In any case, Xu Tui already had a basic understanding of it.

Xu Tui did not know anything about Level 3 Genetic Base Points. He needed to develop! As for which genetic base point to strengthen to Level 3?

There was basically no need to think about this question. It was naturally the genetic base points that could affect Xu Tui’s strongest combat strength.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui’s strongest combat strength at the moment should be his flying sword. However, the combat strength that could affect the battle the most was his mental hammer.

This hammer would also affect the top Genetic Evolution Realm experts. Even if the enemy’s mind power domain was very strong and could withstand Xu Tui’s mental hammer, it could still restrain the enemy under continuous attacks.

The first genetic base point that had to be strengthened to Level 3 was naturally the main genetic base point that had transformed into the shape of a hammer in the mental whip genetic ability chain. He could sense it with his illusory introspection.

The moment Xu Tui made his decision, the Origin Energy that he had absorbed into his body through the 5.4-grams Origin Crystal was directed toward the main genetic base point of the mental hammer.

A large amount of Origin Energy was drawn in. The main genetic base point of the mental hammer began to slowly pulse and expand. Having a reaction meant that it could be strengthened. Level 2 genetic ability chain was definitely not the end.

What Xu Tui needed to calculate now was the consumption of strengthening a genetic base point to Level 3.

With the current energy concentration in the second Energy Overflow Tunnel, Xu Tui could absorb energy equivalent to one gram of Origin Crystal every two minutes using the 5.4 grams of Origin Crystal. Basically, every five minutes he absorbed was equivalent to absorbing the energy contained in two grams of Origin Crystals.

Similarly, every five minutes that he continued to strengthen the main genetic base point of the mental hammer meant that he had continuously injected two grams of Origin Crystals of Origin Energy.

“Do I need five grams or ten grams to strengthen a genetic base point to Level 3?” Xu Tui was guessing.

Previously, strengthening a Level 1 genetic base point to Level 2 consumed about a gram of Origin Crystal according to the genetic ability chain. Of course, the actual consumption should be more. That was because Xu Tui had also accumulated some cultivation experience before he began to strengthen them to Level 2 silver genetic base points. He even used the genetic mutation elixir to undergo a directional mutation and improved it.

In this case, the consumption of strengthening a Level 1 genetic base point to Level 2 was about 1.5 grams of Origin Crystals.

What about strengthening a genetic base point from Level 2 to Level 3? How much did it consume?

On the 25th minute of continuous strengthening, the main genetic base point of the mental hammer was still moving rhythmically. However, the hammer looked a little heavier. There were no other changes and it had not been successfully strengthened.

According to the estimated time consumed, he had already invested 10 grams of Origin Crystals. But he had not succeeded yet. At the 40th minute, the rhythm became long and surging. Every time it rhythmically moved, the hammer would tremble. He felt that it would be soon.

However, Xu Tui was a little shocked. In 40 minutes, he had invested 16 grams of Origin Crystals. This consumption was really huge. It was just one point.

At the 49th minute, Xu Tui’s main genetic base point suddenly jumped. He felt as if a large tendons in his head had been pulled. His head was in intense pain. It was a throbbing headache! It only jumped once, but Xu Tui felt like he was suffocating. His vision turned black and he almost fainted. Blood flowed out of his seven orifices.

Li Zhen also suddenly looked toward Xu Tui. His expression changed when he saw the blood flowing out of Xu Tui’s face. “Is there a problem with your cultivation?”

Xu Tui shook his head. This question was not easy to communicate with Li Zhen.