Chapter 570 - 570 Unit Close To The Super Limit Power (2)

570 Unit Close to the Super Limit Power (2)

The share given to the American Sector by this Mars base should be quite a lot. It should be 20% or 30%. As a result, almost all the students and special forces members of the India Sector and the American Sector were gathered near the first Energy Overflow Tunnel.

Before this, the second energy overflow combat circle had to bear the pressure of all the alien elites attacking. But the forces of the India Sector and the American Sector were absent. It also caused the pressure on the combat area of the second tunnel to be immense. However, no one expected Xu Tui to break the situation.

On the other hand, wasn’t it too timely for the India Sector and the American Sector to take advantage of the situation? They completed the preliminary construction of the base without any pressure or even any casualties.

Many students who were communicating on the channel of the sky aircraft suspected that the red pillar of light was caused by the India Sector. This was especially so for the Huaxia students who had experienced the Millins incident. They thought highly of this possibility. However, they could only suspect it.

!!

Firstly, Millins was from the Africa Sector. Secondly, up till now, the various alliances had not had any means to influence the movements of the alien elites, much less understand what the red pillar of light was. This battle could be said to be a great bargain for the India Sector and the American Sector.

Under Xu Tui’s lead, they had won the battle. However, as long as it was a war, people would die. The casualties reported by the various sectors had exceeded 300. Even though they were unhappy, they had to suppress their doubts during the battle.

“According to the Planetary Eye, there are no more alien elites of more than three people within 300 kilometers of us,” Yan Lie said.

“Then chase after those below three people,” Xu Tui said without hesitation.

“Okay! Yan Lie’s request to Xu Tui was implemented very well. Just as he was changing directions, another communication request suddenly appeared in the sky aircraft. “A communication request from the Mars base of the Huaya Sector.”

“Answer it.”

“Xu Tui, Yan Lie, I am Feng Xuanbiao.”

“Hello, Commander Feng.” At this moment, Feng Xuanbiao, who was supposed to be guarding the Huaya Sector’s Mars base, suddenly contacted Xu Tui. This gave Xu Tui a bad feeling. Could something have happened to the Mars base of the Huaya Sector?

“Hello, Commander Feng.” Yan Lie, whose name had been mentioned, was very excited. He was no longer a bystander.

“Xu Tui, I have a new identity. I have to tell you. I am now the commander of the sudden construction of the second Mars base of the Huaxia Sector.”

“Hmm?” Xu Tui and Yan Lie froze at the same time. However, in the next moment, Xu Tui and Yan Lie, who had thought of a certain situation, had a hint of ecstasy in their eyes.

The Huaxia Sector was about to build a second Mars base. In that case, the second Mars base in the Huaxia Sector would definitely not be built at the first energy overflow tunnel. It would definitely be at the second energy overflow tunnel.

Xu Tui could vaguely guess Feng Xuanbiao’s motive. “Commander Feng, I understand. If there’s anything, just tell us! We’ll definitely do what we can!” Xu Tui was too embarrassed to say the words ‘for Huaxia’.

Yan Lie waved his arm excitedly.

“It’s like this. Due to the situation, our Huaxia Sector is prepared to attempt to build a second Mars base. However, because all of you elites had left to pursue and expand the results of the battle, the battle in the second tunnel was a little chaotic.

“As this involves the elite students of the other sectors, it’s not convenient for our troops to interfere forcefully. We need your help to clear the area. Then, we will legitimately move in and start construction.

“In addition, we hope that you and your teacher will assist us in our defense while we are building the second Mars base. Of course, you are still students and not soldiers. The Huaxia Sector will reward you individually…”

“Commander Feng, I understand! We’ll return immediately,” Xu Tui said.

“There’s no need to be in a hurry! Just help us clear the area within three hours. It will also take time for the transportation of our various machines and construction forces to arrive,” Feng Xuanbiao said.

“Understood!”@@novelbin@@

After hanging up, Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui. “Are we going back now?”

“Yes!” Xu Tui’s answer was decisive.

Just as Yan Lie was about to turn around, an ear-piercing warning suddenly sounded in the military channel of the sky aircraft.

“Emergency. Attention, all units. Attention, all units. The Planetary Eye has detected a transient power fluctuation entering Mars. Attention, all units. The Planetary Eye has detected a transient power fluctuation entering Mars.”

The alarm made Xu Tui and Yan Lie look at each other. Shock appeared in their eyes. There was only one possibility for a transient power to enter Mars. That was, a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert had entered Mars during the energy tide.

Under the current circumstances, it was definitely not a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert from the Blue Star who had entered Mars. That could only mean that the genetic transmutation realm of the alien invaders had charged into Mars.

There was a high chance that an alien with a Genetic Transmutation Realm had charged into Mars as reinforcements. However, the problem was that no Genetic Transmutation Realm expert had entered the Mars Energy Tide in the past hundred years.

Neither alien species nor human Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could enter during the Mars energy tide. There had never been an exception. But how could there be one now? Could it be because of the red pillar of fire?

Also, the communication from Phobos mentioned a transient.