Chapter 579 - 579 Grandpa Cui Despises You (3)

579 Grandpa Cui Despises You (3)

At that moment, Xu Tui had the thought of blasting out a tunnel. However, the dozen or so students in front of him did not even sense the Mountain Formula that Xu Tui had conjured. Their strength was really ordinary.

Xu Tui thought about it and sighed softly. He suddenly dispersed the Mountain Formula. There was no need to vent his anger on them!

At the side, Yan Lie also heaved a sigh of relief.

In the next moment, Xu Tui suddenly took a step forward and stepped into the air. He passed through the bustling crowd and stepped into the center of the crater. The dozen or so students who had stopped Xu Tui just now were stunned.

!!@@novelbin@@

Yan Lie cursed in his heart. He had been wondering if he should give Xu Tui a way up the mountain. With his strength, he could do it. However, what made his teeth ache was that Xu Tui actually flew into the air and left him behind.

In the next moment, Yan Lie turned into a phantom and rushed towards the top of the mountain.

The foot of the mountain was not far from the top of the mountain. It was only 700 meters away. In less than a minute, Xu Tui arrived at the top of the crater. There were no outsiders in the innermost circle. There was only An Xiaoxue, Bian Yuan, and Cui Xi.

Fortunately, nothing happened.

It was just that Mr. Bian Yuan had a scholarly personality. Otherwise, with his Myriad Sword Technique’s strength, who would dare to attack?

Xu Tui landed on the ground. His flying sword circled around him with a murderous expression. The students who had already retreated from the innermost circle took a few steps back. Xu Tui’s appearance was a little scary.

“Brother Cui, did your injuries worsen? It’s a little tragic!” Xu Tui narrowed his eyes and looked at Cui Xi.

“Pfft!” Cui Xi spat out a mouthful of blood. “What’s so miserable about me? A bunch of bastards. A few of them are attacking me, and they’re the kind that ambushes me. Damn it, they’re even attacking my broken arm. It hurts like hell.”

Cui Xi gritted his teeth with an aggrieved expression. Blood dripped from his broken shoulder.

“It’s really sinister to attack your broken arm, right?” Xu Tui sneered. “Who is it? Tell me and I’ll deal with them! I won’t go overboard. I’ll break their arms and let you hit their severed arms a few times.”

As soon as these words were spoken, the atmosphere became tense. The expressions of the students who had attacked Cui Xi changed. Zhu Lang’s expression also changed. He was about to speak when he was stopped by Li Zhen. He stopped Zhu Lang with a look.

“Xu Tui wants to cut off the arms of the other students. That won’t do, right?” Zhu Lang was anxious.

“There’s no hurry. Let’s watch the show first.” Li Zhen shook his head with a smile.

Hearing this, Cui Xi spat out another mouthful of blood. He was amused. “Xu Tui, I like what you’re saying. I like it! However, I’m a man. I have to get my own back.”

Cui Xi raised his head with a proud expression. He had his pride and persistence!

Xu Tui nodded when he heard that. His intention to stand up for Cui Xi was real. Just based on how they had attacked Cui Xi and how Xu Tui had broken one of their arms, this lawsuit would only be a verbal battle even if it reached the Moon base. Nothing would happen. Moreover, the Huaxia Sector would settle this war of words for Xu Tui. It could not be helped. He had the backing of Huaxia. They were just that strong!

However, Cui Xi had expressed his stance at this moment. If he wanted to get back at them, it would be inconvenient for Xu Tui to insist. He was a man! A true man!

“Alright, since you want to get back at them yourself, I won’t interfere. However, I’ll definitely applaud you when you want to get back at them one day,” Xu Tui said.

As soon as these words were spoken, the expressions of the three other students who had been nervous just now also relaxed. They could not defeat Xu Tui. They had no confidence.

However, it was hard to say for Cui Xi. Even if they could not win, they would only be injured. They were not afraid!

As soon as Xu Tui finished speaking, Cui Xi suddenly turned his leg and took a step forward. He shouted, “There’s no need to change the date. Just today! I’m going to get revenge today!”

In the next moment, Cui Xi pointed his iron rod at the three students in the distance. “Dogs, do the three of you want to fight your Grandpa Cui one by one, or do the three of you want to attack together?”

The expressions of the three students instantly turned ugly. It was a humiliation to be challenged by a half-crippled person in public and call him Grandpa. Most importantly, Xu Tui was still standing there. They could not flare up.

Seeing that the three of them were silent, Cui Xi became even more heroic. He pointed his staff at them. “Jin Mingge, Yasen, Rena, are the three of you so cowardly that you don’t even dare to fight an injured person like me? Why aren’t you guys so cowardly when you’re backstabbing me just now?” Cui Xi roared.

Xu Tui narrowed his eyes. Jin Mingge was an elite student from the Korean Star Sector. The other two were students from the European Sector. Students who could see this scene were watching silently from all directions. They looked like they were about to watch a show.

Jin Mingge, Yasen, and Rena stood there. They did not know whether to accept the challenge or not. It was really embarrassing! Of course they were not afraid. Instead, they would accept Cui Xi’s challenge. With Cui Xi’s current severely injured state, any of them would definitely win.

However, winning was also very embarrassing. Most importantly, Xu Tui was also here. If they defeated the seriously injured Cui Xi, what would happen if Xu Tui attacked? What they were really worried about was Xu Tui, who was standing here.

“F*ck, are you all cowards without eggs? You guys dared to backstab me, and I’m already seriously injured. Yet, you don’t even dare take the challenge when I want to take revenge! I despise you!” Cui Xi had a look of disdain.