Chapter 571 - 571 Unit Close To The Super Limit Power (3)

571 Unit Close to the Super Limit Power (3)

What did this transient mean? What was going on?

Just as Xu Tui and Yan Lie were in shock, an emergency announcement appeared in the combat channel of Phobos.

“After the full energy consumption test of the Planetary Eye, we discovered that the transient power might be a collection. It has been split into six. Six alien species who might have power infinitely close to the limit had already entered the Mars battlefield.

“All units, please be on high alert! All units, please be on high alert!”

!!

This warning made Xu Tui and Yan Lie look at each other. Six alien species that might have power infinitely close to the limit. In other words, six alien elites whose strength was infinitely close to the Genetic Transmutation Realm had entered the Mars battlefield.

It had to be known that it was only an energy fluctuation detection.

Take Xu Tui for example. He might have the power of a peak-stage Genetic Mutation Realm, but in reality, Xu Tui might be able to unleash the lethality of a Level A Genetic Evolution Realm.

Similarly, the six alien elites whose strength was infinitely close to the Genetic Transmutation Realm had already reached the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm. Their true combat strength could definitely erupt with the combat strength of the Genetic Transmutation Realm!

Six Genetic Transmutation Realm combatants had entered the arena. Were these reinforcements from the alien species? Or was it because of the red pillar of light?

Xu Tui and Yan Lie were filled with doubts.

“Emergency reminder. The Planetary Eye has already detected the approximate location of five of the six transient powers that are close to the limit. It had been urgently sent to various units. All units, please be on high alert. Teams with less than two Genetic Evolution Realm combatants, please stay away from these five locations immediately.

“Repeat, teams without two Genetic Evolution Realm combatants, please stay away from these five locations immediately.”

In the next moment, five red dots flashed on the map of Xu Tui’s sky aircraft. The range of the five red dots was very wide. There were red dots from Area 3 to Area 34. They were almost randomly distributed on the Mars battlefield.

However, Xu Tui and Yan Lie’s gazes landed on one of the red dots. This red dot was in Area 22. Judging from the map of the sky aircraft, it was less than 200 kilometers away from Xu Tui and the others. It was very close.

Yan Lie swallowed and looked at Xu Tui nervously. “This unit that is close to the power limit is very close to us. Do you want to…?”

“A unit close to the power limit?” Xu Tui pondered. The safe thing to do was to leave immediately. He would attack after he got the information. However, Xu Tui had just accepted the mission to assist in the defense of the second Mars base of the Huaxia Sector.

Then these units that were close to the limit were very important. What if their target was really the red pillar of light at the second tunnel? Then, they would definitely charge towards the combat circle of the second tunnel. It was very likely that Xu Tui would meet them.

At that time, they might face six units that were infinitely close to the limit. But now, there was only one!

“Let’s do reconnaissance. Shall we give it a try? Let’s see what the units of power that exceed the limit are like.” Xu Tui looked at Yan Lie and asked in a questioning tone.

Xu Tui could not make a decision on his own when it might involve life and death. He had to ask Yan Lie for his opinion.

“No problem. I also want to see what this so-called alien species that is infinitely close to the power limit is like!” Yan Lie said.

In the next moment, Yan Lie piloted the sky aircraft toward the nearest red dot. The 200-kilometer distance was covered in three minutes with the speed of the sky aircraft. Xu Tui saw from the map of the sky aircraft that there was already an sky aircraft that had rushed over before them. There was no lack of experts in the human elite team.

Twenty kilometers away from the red dot, Xu Tui and Yan Lie left the sky aircraft at the same time. When chasing after the enemy, the sky aircraft was a sharp weapon. When facing a powerful enemy, if they were not careful, the sky aircraft would be destroyed and turned into a tomb.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie quickly rushed over after they got off the plane.

Xu Tui felt that after his 72-point Great Genetic Ability Chain had been strengthened to Level 2, his mind power had skyrocketed. Flying on a sword no longer seemed like a dream. However, this was clearly not the time to try it out. He could try it out in the future.

The two of them were rapidly approaching the location.

Ten kilometers.

Five kilometers.

Three kilometers.

Three kilometers away, Xu Tui and Yan Lie saw a person floating in the air with fire under his feet. He was staring at the Russian team that was rapidly approaching him. His eyes were cold. There was also an indescribable contempt. That gaze was very similar to how humans looked at chickens and ducks.

Strangely, other than the flames under the fire man’s feet, his facial features and eyes looked completely human. If he changed his clothes, retracted the flames under his feet, and stood among the Blue Star humans, he would definitely be mistaken as a Blue Star human!

“This is an alien? Why does it look a little like us humans? A height of more than two meters is not rare among us humans, right?” Yan Lie was puzzled.@@novelbin@@

“Let’s go. Conceal yourself and move forward. Follow behind me.” Xu Tui’s flying sword circled around and quickly approached.

When Xu Tui was two kilometers away from the man, the special combat team from before was already one kilometer away from the man.

The fire-stepping man ignored the special combat team and only watched them approach coldly. He kept fiddling with a very exquisite diamond-shaped object in his hand and spoke from time to time.