Chapter 575 - 575 Research Value And Choice (3)

575 Research Value and Choice (3)

“Look, the five red dots that were marked on the map have already disappeared, including the bright red dot, Canzeng, that was killed.

The moment Canzeng was killed, the red dot that represented Canzeng disappeared. The other four red dots slowly faded and disappeared. This was not because the other four experts who were similar to Canzeng had died in battle.

Instead, it was because the energy fluctuations they triggered when they passed through the tunnel had gradually stabilized. The Planetary Eye could no longer detect their energy fluctuations.

However, before the four red dots disappeared, the red dots from all directions began to gather towards the center of Mars. It was roughly between Area 14 and Area 16.

“In my senses just now, I discovered that the approximate location of the so-called Yanzi should be here in Area 16.” Xu Tui zoomed in on the map and drew a circle on it. “Here.”

In an instant, Yan Lie’s expression became a little excited.

“You’re saying that you’ve already locked onto the location of this Yanzi? The location of the Lord Yanzi that Canzeng mentioned?” Yan Lie said anxiously.

“More or less.”

Yan Lie looked at Xu Tui and suddenly said, “In the communication just now, she said that she was injured when she passed through the tunnel. This shouldn’t be fake news, right?”

“You want to kill her?”

“Why can’t we kill her if we had the chance? They were the invaders! Don’t you think so too?” Yan Lie asked.

“But she also noticed me when I discovered her location,” Xu Tui said.

Yan Lie’s expression instantly became very interesting. In the next moment, Yan Lie shook his head firmly. “Let’s go.”

“Where are we going?”

“Go to the second energy overflow combat circle. Since this Yanzi has discovered you, she might keep moving her position. It’s more likely that she will gather her guards. Canzeng was her guard. The other four red dots must be her guards. We would be too reckless if we go to her like this. There were too many uncertainties! Even if you could kill Canzeng in one strike, it did not mean anything.

“Moreover, I’m afraid I can’t help you much in such a battle. Let’s return to the second energy overflow combat circle first and assist Commander Feng and the others to complete the mission of building a Mars base,” Yan Lie said.

Yan Lie was very clear-headed. Xu Tui had already made a decision when he told Yan Lie that he had been discovered by Yanzi. There was a high chance that they would encounter five powerful Spirits and might be surrounded and killed by them. He should not go.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui preferred to intervene in battle from afar.

Do you think that your opponents are the people opposite you? In reality, Xu Tui’s hammer and flying sword had already crossed a thousand meters and arrived above your head.

This kind of battle was easy and satisfying. It was similar to when he killed Canzeng previously.

Canzeng’s main attention was still focused on the special combat team members from the Russian Federation. Xu Tui, whose aura was slightly weaker, was only his next target.

Ten minutes later, Xu Tui and an Aerospace Combat Jet sent by the Huaxia Sector made the handover after confirming their identities. He handed Canzeng’s corpse, including his silver prism communication device, over to the other party to take away.

A few minutes after these were handed over, another emergency announcement suddenly sounded on the public channel of the sky aircraft.

“Attention, all units. We have discovered the whereabouts of the Spiritual Race! Those who are not in the Genetic Evolution Realm cannot fight the Spiritual Race. The first choice of a solo Genetic Evolution Realm combatant when they see the Spiritual Race is to stay away!

“Repeat, the first choice for a solo that encountered the Spiritual Race was to stay away. More importantly, the corpses of the Spiritual Race were extremely valuable for research. If a team kills the Spiritual Race, please try your best to bring back the Spiritual Race’s corpse in one piece. The Genetic Research Institute will reward you handsomely!”

Xu Tui and Yan Lie looked at each other and smiled when they saw the announcement. The Blue Star was one, but there were still differences between the six major sectors within the Blue Star.