Chapter 577 - 577 Grandpa Cui Despises You (1)

577 Grandpa Cui Despises You (1)

The second energy overflow combat circle.

At this moment, the entire second energy overflow combat circle had become the world of the Blue Star Humans. There were no more alien elites. Even the scattered alien elites in the outermost circle had disappeared. Any alien elite with some intelligence would not dare to stay in the second energy overflow combat circle at this moment. Staying here was purely courting death.

Occasionally, at the outermost area of the combat circle, some low-level Mechanical Spirits or Fission Race members who had completed one or two enhancements would be attracted by the energy fluctuations. However, they would immediately become contribution points.

The second energy overflow combat circle had already become the world of humans. A large number of teams that had participated in the battle or had not participated in the battle had gathered here.

!!

The bad habits of humans were exposed when there were no enemies.

Benefits.

There was no need to talk about origin energy. Up until now, there were still very few elites who could possess or obtain useless mind power Origin Crystals from the various sectors. This was especially so since a large number of the mind power Origin Crystals in the various sectors had been cut off by the Huaxia Sector.

But Origin Crystals was different.

Every once in a while, the Origin Crystals that fell out of the energy pillars in the tunnel would become the source of the competition. It was also the source of the chaos. It suddenly became a little chaotic.

Previously, when they were confronting the alien elites, everyone had their own combat area. They guarded their respective areas and took the Origin Crystals in their respective areas. They would get as many benefits as they could.

If you have the ability, attack the inner circle and seize the territory of the alien elites.

But now, the alien elites are gone. The most elite batch of students, especially those from the Huaxia Sector, had all gone to hunt down the alien elites to expand their gains.

At this moment, the position of the second combat circle was occupied and squeezed. Whoever arrived earlier would occupy a larger space. Of course, because there were no enemies or confrontations, they had to squeeze in.

The three of you only need a few meters. Why should you occupy the combat area that was 15 meters wide and 30 meters long? Just squeeze.

So the combat area no longer existed. Then, the Origin Crystal fell. There was only one word—snatch!

Of course, the strategic coordinator at the scene was not there for nothing. They maintained order. However, Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, and the other eight strategic coordinators were already in a terrible fix. It was simply impossible for an upright official to resolve family matters.@@novelbin@@

An Origin Crystal fell between A and B. A and B had to fight. Who are you going to give it to?

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen only had one thought at this moment. It was too difficult for us! There was no way to settle such a lawsuit. It was not appropriate to give it to anyone. Such disputes were happening all the time. There had even been bloodshed.

The eight strategic coordinators present were about to go crazy. If they did not control it now, someone would die.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen also wanted to kill people in the name of military law to intimidate them. However, the consequences were hard to say.

All the students were non-military. Moreover, there were huge benefits like Origin Crystals in front of them. How could they kill eight to ten people if they killed one competitor? If Zhu Lang dared to kill three to five people, he would be killed before he could stabilize the situation. “Why don’t I give each of you half and split it into two when we get back?”

The unsolved lawsuit made Zhu Lang and Li Zhen extremely worried. Phobos did not give any orders. Phobos was also a power field of the six major sectors. It was difficult to come up with a suitable rule when it involved free benefits. It was not that the people involved in the six alliances were stupid. On the contrary, they were all very shrewd.

However, in the second combat area, Origin Crystals were all picked up for free. How to split it was a big problem! Why should the Origin Crystals that everyone saw be given to someone from your family and not mine?

Under such circumstances, the competition for it became even more intense. There were more than 10,000 people gathered here. Other than a small number of special combat teams from the various alliances, the students were already in a mess.

There had been several bloody incidents when Xu Tui and Yan Lie arrived.

Xu Tui and Yan Lie frowned when they returned to the second energy overflow combat circle. Why was it so messy? The entire second combat circle was filled with people.

Xu Tui’s mental perception instantly covered the entire second energy overflow combat circle. He immediately frowned. There were too many people. It was too chaotic. There might have been more than 15,000 human teams gathered here.

Actually, the entire energy overflow combat circle was a circle with a radius of 700 to 800 meters. It was very easy to accommodate 20,000 people. Previously, there were more than 10,000 alien elites and more than 10,000 human teams.

According to the team’s battle area, it was very easy to accommodate them. However, now that the enemy was gone, the reinforcements and some human teams who knew that they could reap the benefits had gathered here.

Everyone only had one goal: to collect benefits. They would squeeze in wherever there were more Origin Crystals. They had even formed factions in the alliance and fought for benefits. The further they went in the inner circle, the faster the Origin Crystals would drop.

Therefore, it gave people an extremely chaotic feeling. It was no wonder that Feng Xuanbiao wanted to contact Xu Tui. The situation was too chaotic. Even if the Huaxia Sector’s troops came over, they would not be able to control the situation.

Xu Tui’s expression suddenly turned stern.

Previously, when he went to pursue them, An Xiaoxue and Bian Yuan did not have any additional sky aircrafts. Not to mention that An Xiaoxue had just broken through and was still in a rapid improvement phase.