Chapter 574 - 574 Research Value And Choice (2)

574 Research Value and Choice (2)

“You think it’s too little?”

“No, Principal Cai, we also seized the other party’s communication device. It’s a silver diamond-shaped object. We’ll hand it over together,” Xu Tui quickly added.

“The other party’s communication device? In one piece? It wasn’t destroyed before he was killed?” Cai Shaochu asked three questions in a row. He was clearly a little anxious. Clearly, these factors had an extremely great impact on the research value of the communication device.

“This… He probably didn’t have the time to destroy it.”

On the other side of the communication channel, Cai Shaochu was stunned and a little surprised. The experts of the Spiritual Race did not have the time to destroy their communication devices. What did this mean? This meant that the killing was one-sided. It also meant that Xu Tui and Yan Lie were very strong.

A small detail could often reveal a large amount of information.

The learning and research abilities of the Blue Star humans were actually quite strong. Many technological and even supernatural research benefited from some seizures. However, in some aspects, seizing it was very difficult.

For example, they had yet to find a breakthrough in the micro instantaneous communication technology under the interference of the super powerful energy fluctuations. This was also the reason why the various teams on the Mars battlefield could only rely on the communication devices on the sky aircrafts.

Of course, the Blue Star humans had also worked hard. However, most of the alien communication devices that they had seized over the years were incomplete. The first thing aliens, especially high-level races like the Spiritual Race, did before they died was to destroy their communication devices.

“Xu Tui, we will send out an Aerospace Combat Jet later to retrieve the Spiritual Race corpse and communication device from you,” Cai Shaochu said.

“Understood.”

Cai Shaochu, who was at the moon base, suddenly took the initiative to contact Wei Bin.

“Old Wei, pay more attention to Xu Tui,” Cai Shaochu said directly.

“Attention or care? Make it clearer.”

“You just need to pay more attention!”

“Direct intelligence?”

“That’s right. Send his changes to me immediately.”

“Is there a problem with him?”

“No problem, but I feel that some of my previous deductions might be true, so I want to observe him.”

“Alright.”

…

Xu Tui held the silver diamond with anticipation in his eyes.

According to the voice coming from the silver communicator just now, not only was the female alien called Yanzi injured, but she was also displaying her location to Canzeng through the so-called special Spiritual Consciousness.

Then where was this female Spirit named Yanzi?

There was a high chance that the so-called Spiritual Consciousness displayed by Yanzi would require a special method. However, with the intention of giving it a try, Xu Tui’s mental perception instantly landed on the communication device.

The macroscopic and microscopic mental perception sank into the silver prism communication device.

After focusing his senses for three seconds, the water patterns on Xu Tui’s main genetic base point fluctuated slightly. Suddenly, Xu Tui sensed an extremely fiery and strange aura. The fire patterns between her brows and the corner of her eyes brought about a strange demonic feeling.

This extremely fiery and strange aura gave Xu Tui a sense of space. He could roughly sense the direction of this aura and the distance. It was a very mysterious feeling. In any case, he had a general perception. This aura was most likely the aura of Yanzi.

Almost at the same time, a tall woman in fiery red clothes a thousand kilometers away suddenly changed her expression and looked at her silver prism communication device. “Your aura is wrong. You’re not Canzeng. Who are you?”

There was no reply from the silver communication device. In the next moment, a faint light exploded in Yanzi’s eyes.

“Hey…” A cry of surprise rang out from the silver communication device. Its aura had been interrupted.

Yanzi’s expression instantly became a little ugly. She had been spied on by someone. Canzeng’s communicator landed in the enemy’s hands.

“How did that happen?” Yanzi frowned.

With Canzeng’s strength, he could send a message even if he was killed. The current situation was that even Canzeng’s communication device had fallen into the hands of the enemy. It was very likely that he had been killed by the enemy.

Of course, there were exceptions. For example, if Canzeng was unlucky, he would land among the enemies when he landed through the Quantum Portal. Then, he would be surrounded and annihilated. This situation was not impossible.

However, an enemy had followed her Spiritual Consciousness and probed over. Did the Blue Star Race master their spiritual communication method, or something else? The situation was more serious than she had imagined.@@novelbin@@

Soon, Yanzi sent a message to the other four guards.

“Canzeng might have been killed or captured. His communication device has already fallen into the hands of the enemy. Everyone, cut off your connection with Canzeng! At the same time, my location might be exposed. I will move around randomly. Pay attention to the location of the Spiritual Consciousness I gave you.”

Yanzi was a little stifled. If not for the fact that the shock caused by passing through the Quantum Portal had caused her to be injured, she would not be sitting here and waiting for the human experts to arrive.

At that time, she would show them what a high-level species was!

…

Xu Tui looked at the silver prism communication device in his hand and felt a little helpless. With a soft shout, the so-called Spiritual Consciousness inside disappeared. The aura and location that he had just sensed suddenly stopped.

The silver prism communication device also turned to stone in an instant. He wondered if it would affect its research value.

“Yan Lie, I think I found the approximate location of that so-called Yanzi.” Xu Tui pointed toward the map of the sky aircraft as he spoke.