Chapter 578 - 578 Grandpa Cui Despises You (2)

578 Grandpa Cui Despises You (2)

So they stayed in the innermost circle to cultivate. However, at this moment, the students fighting for the Origin Crystals had already squeezed to the innermost circle. It could even be said that the innermost circle was gone.

The special area before the innermost circle contained the inner circle that had a radius of 15 to 20 meters at the center of the second energy overflow tunnel.

But now, there was no such thing as the innermost circle. Students from the other sectors would walk around An Xiaoxue and Bian Yuan from time to time to fight for Origin Crystals. If Bian Yuan had not been guarding the side, An Xiaoxue’s cultivation would have been impossible.

Suddenly, an Origin Crystal fell five meters in front of An Xiaoxue. Judging from its size, it was more than two grams.

!!

Almost instantly, the students from the Africa Sector, the European Sector, the Russian Federation, and the Yamato Sector, a total of four students, pounced towards the Origin Crystal at lightning speed.

The moment they pounced over, the energy fluctuations of the four of them rose. There was no peace if they wanted to fight for benefits. They had to rely on force.

Bian Yuan had a furious expression in front of An Xiaoxue. However, despite his anger, he restrained himself. He could only use a mental shield to protect An Xiaoxue. He did not want these people’s fighting fluctuations to alert or injure An Xiaoxue.

Xu Tui was furious. “F*ck, are you shameless? That’s my teacher. Are they all f*cking blind?” Far away, Xu Tui, who was still at the foot of the mountain, roared angrily.

The human teams at the foot of the mountain were all confused. Why are you shouting? It was baffling!

Many people did not recognize Xu Tui. However, the moment Xu Tui roared, the four elite human students who were pouncing toward the Origin Crystal in front of An Xiaoxue suddenly fell to the ground like logs. Blood spurted out of their orifices and they fainted on the spot.

The energy fluctuations all dissipated at this moment. Just as everyone was shocked, a silver light instantly soared into the sky from the foot of the mountain and shot towards the top of the crater.

The moment they saw the silver light, Zhu Lang and Li Zhen suddenly trembled! Damn! Was he that ruthless? Would he kill them all?

Actually, Zhu Lang and Li Zhen had noticed Xu Tui the moment he returned. However, Zhu Lang and Li Zhen did not care. They had also received the corresponding notice. Xu Tui cared much more about such matters than them.

Moreover, Xu Tui had injured someone. So what if it was a battle between students? Weren’t they all fighting? However, they did not expect Xu Tui to kill them the moment he attacked.

The four students who were fighting for the Origin Crystal in front of An Xiaoxue were knocked out on the spot. Zhu Lang and Li Zhen knew that Xu Tui had attacked.

However, Zhu Lang panicked the moment the flying sword arrived. He could hurt someone. But killing someone on the battlefield was really a big deal. Especially killing non-military students!

“No! Xu Tui, don’t! You can’t kill anyone!” Zhu Lang roared! He used his energy field and his voice shook the surroundings.

Li Zhen narrowed his eyes. He was not anxious at all. He smiled as he watched Xu Tui’s flying sword shoot toward them. He swooped down and picked up a strand of hair from one of the students before he soared into the sky and circled around again.

Killing people here? Xu Tui would not do such a stupid thing. Li Zhen had the confidence.

Seeing that the flying sword did not kill anyone, Zhu Lang heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, it did not cause a disaster.

Li Zhen was smiling. He was a smart person. The students in the innermost circle were not stupid. The flying sword and the strategy coordinator roared. They understood that Xu Tui had returned.

Many people did not recognize Xu Tui. However, many people recognized Xu Tui’s flying sword.

Silver flying sword. The sword flew back with blood!

Before the counterattack, Xu Tui’s silver flying sword had killed more than 100 alien elites. The alien elites were terrified, and the human elites were also extremely shocked.

When they saw Xu Tui’s silver flying sword appear, they subconsciously understood that Xu Tui had returned. Many elite students who had participated in the battle before suddenly reacted when they saw the situation in the inner circle.

They had crossed the line. They have gone overboard. They had even occupied the innermost circle. It was too much.

Many students retreated as the silver flying sword circled around them.@@novelbin@@

Human behavior was contagious. Seeing that someone had taken the initiative to withdraw from the innermost circle, the other students immediately followed suit. In an instant, the innermost circle was empty, leaving only An Xiaoxue and Bian Yuan.

“F*ck, a bunch of cowards who only dare to fight among themselves. I despise you!” Cui Xi, who only had half an arm left, crawled out of a huge pit when the battle stopped and the crowd retreated. He leaned on his iron rod with one hand and . However, his face was covered in blood. He limped and looked extremely pathetic.

He must have been beaten up in the chaotic battle just now. And it was the kind that was beaten up violently.

Cui Xi was unlucky. His comrades had participated in the pursuit. The other elite students of the Huaxia Sector, such as Luo Murong, Zhao Hailong, and the others, had also gone to chase after the alien elites and had not returned.

Only Cui Xi did not go because he was seriously injured. He stayed where he was. He did not expect to be attacked by the humans of Blue Star in order to fight for the Origin Crystals. Otherwise, no one would dare to do anything even if Cui Xi had one or two comrades.

Xu Tui’s expression had already darkened when he reached the foot of the mountain. The dozen or so students who did not recognize Xu Tui were still staring at Xu Tui and Yan Lie warily, afraid that Xu Tui and Yan Lie would snatch their Origin Crystals.

“You’re blocking the way. Move!” Yan Lie shouted.

“Who are you? Why should I make way for you?”

Xu Tui was furious. The Mountain Formula instantly appeared, and a small mountain appeared.