Chapter 576 - 576 Yanzi’S Decision

576 Yanzi’s Decision

In a mountain area in Area 16, a cloud of dust suddenly stopped. A man with fiery red hair appeared in the dust. The man suddenly knelt down on one knee towards a red figure at the foot of the mountain. “Cancheng came late. Is Sir alright?”

Under normal circumstances, no one would notice the red figure at the foot of the mountain. After all, the entire Mars was covered in all kinds of red. If one did not look closely, they would not be able to see the red shadow. Even if they saw this red shadow, they would not care. Red was everywhere in the entire Mars. What was there to pay attention to?

However, as Cancheng arrived, the red figure suddenly stood up. It was a tall woman sitting cross-legged. The woman was very tall. She was more than 1.8 meters tall, but her frame was not wide. She looked slender and tall.

She was wearing black combat boots, a fiery red outfit that was similar to a combat uniform, a fire bud between her brows, and long fiery red hair. At first glance, she looked like a ball of flames.

!!

She was demonic and beautiful!

“It’s nothing serious. It’s just that the fluctuations caused by my power when I passed through the tunnel were too great. I was injured and consumed a lot of energy,” Yanzi said. Her breathing was clearly a little weak, and there was a ball of blood at the corner of her mouth.

“Sir, I still have Origin Crystals and Jade Nectar—”

Without waiting for Cancheng to finish, Yanzi waved her hand. “I’ve already used it, but it takes time to recover. I need a large amount of energy to recover quickly.”

Hearing this, Cancheng’s eyes lit up, “Sir, this is the energy tide. A large amount of Origin Energy is gushing out.”

“I know, but we have to understand the situation first. Contact the others. I’ll contact this Black Eagle first.”

With Cancheng protecting her, the injured Yanzi immediately relaxed a lot. She was indeed very strong, but she was also very cautious. Especially when she was being spied on earlier, she had already given away her whereabouts, so she was very cautious.

However, she had already memorized the aura of the person spying on her. Whether Canzeng was killed or captured, she would know when she touched this person’s aura. If he was captured, he would be saved. If he was killed, she would kill him to pay tribute to Canzeng.

Yanzi believed that on this Mars battlefield, anyone who could be captured or killed was very strong. There should not be many such experts. Yanzi believed that as long as this person did not die, she would definitely be able to meet him next.

“Black Eagle? I’m Yanzi!”

In Area 21, the melancholic and hesitant Black Eagle finally received a contact message from the so-called envoy. He felt relieved. The envoy had finally arrived. He could finally remove this burden.

Black Eagle was very unwilling when he knew that the command would only land on him for a period of time before it was handed over. Only with command rights could he make a great contribution! This was like earning money. It was basically impossible to become a tycoon just by working.

However, if he used money to make money and used a certain amount of capital to obtain benefits, he might really become a tycoon.

Command was capital!

Black Eagle wanted to rely on this temporary command authority to make a great contribution and obtain the rewards from the higher-ups. The kind of reward that could remold him.

Unfortunately, wishes were beautiful, but reality was cruel. After receiving the command, Black Eagle realized that capital was not that fun. Soon, more than 10,000 extraterrestrial elites in the second combat area were defeated. By now, almost two-thirds of them had been killed.

It was simply…

It directly destroyed Black Eagle’s wish and battle plan. It also made Black Eagle unable to advance or retreat. He did not know what to do. The order did not allow him to turn around and charge towards the first energy overflow combat circle. He could not kill his way into the second energy overflow combat circle either.

All Black Eagle could do was gather the defeated soldiers. But he did it in fear. The Blue Star humans seemed to have gone crazy. All kinds of cannonballs poured out as if they were free. Fortunately, the envoy had finally arrived.

Black Eagle immediately handed over the command that had become extremely hot. They were all handed over. However, the envoy, Yanzi, did not immediately take over the command. Instead, she first asked about the situation of the battle.

“Trash!”

Halfway through the report, Black Eagle was addressed as “trash”. However, Black Eagle could only endure it for now. Even their superior, the inspector, was being careful. He did not dare to refute her. If they were from the same race, he would dare to attack them. But he did not dare to do it to the Sacred Spiritual Race!

“Lord Envoy, the defensive position of the second energy overflow combat circle has been torn apart. The number of deaths might have exceeded 5,000…”

“Trash!

“Lord Envoy, I am currently gathering the defeated soldiers in Area 21 to reorganize my strength and avoid the gunfire of the humans…”

“Trash!

Black Eagle was speechless. Could this Lord Envoy change her curses? He was really not trash! He wanted to do everything for the best, but he did not expect…

“Where’s the Dissimilate Clan’s Bu Luo?” Yanzi suddenly asked.

“Lord Envoy, Bu Luo has already died in the second energy overflow combat circle. I heard that he was killed by a Blue Star person called Xu Tui,” Black Eagle replied.

“They were killed. They’re all trash!”

Hearing this, Black Eagle heaved a sigh of relief, she finally changed her curses.

In Area 16, Yanzi, who was like a blooming fiery red flower, frowned. The situation was worse than she had expected. Although the matter had happened suddenly and she had been temporarily assigned, Yanzi still had some basic understanding of the situation on the Mars battlefield before she came.

For example, Bu Luo of the Dissimilate Clan.

The Dissimilate Clan was ruled by the Sacred Spiritual Race. Compared to the Mechanical Spirit Race and the Fission Race, the Dissimilate Clan was more worthy of Yanzi’s trust. But she did not expect the Dissimilate Clan’s Bu Luo to be killed.

“Continue to gather the defeated soldiers and wait for orders.” After Yanzi gave the order to Black Eagle, she looked at the four guards gathered in front of her. At this moment, her four guards had already gathered. There should have been five of them, but something had happened to Canzeng.

With a casual wave of her hand, a map of Mars appeared in front of everyone. Looking at the map, Yanzi suddenly pointed at a spot on the map. “I plan to go here first.”

Cancheng looked at this point and was a little worried, “Sir, that fire slip is currently showing signs of being in the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. Why do we have to go to the first Energy Overflow Tunnel?”

“I’m injured. I need a large amount of energy to recover! Although the second Energy Overflow Tunnel also had a large amount of energy, the combat strength displayed by the second Energy Overflow Tunnel was very powerful. With about the same number of people, they directly defeated those low-level races.

“Before this, these low-level races had an advantage here. If they were defeated, there’s a high chance that there are experts in the human race of the second tunnel,” Yanzi said.

Hearing this, Cancheng nodded vigorously. “Sir, you’ve thought it through.”

“Also, according to my previous senses and the map, the location of Canzeng’s accident is roughly close to Area 23 in Area 22. This place was closer to the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. According to the information just now, there were many low-level Blue Star humans chasing after them.

“We could basically confirm that Canzeng might have been killed or captured by the Blue Star humans in the second Energy Overflow Tunnel. It could basically be determined that the true backbone of the Blue Star Human Race might be gathered in the second Energy Overflow Tunnel.

“It was reasonable for the Blue Star Humans to gather a large number of soldiers in the second Energy Overflow Tunnel.

“In that case, I’ll go to the first tunnel to absorb a large amount of energy first to recover my strength. Then, I’ll kill my way to the second tunnel to snatch the fire slip.” Yanzi instantly made a decision.

“Sir, my only worry is that if we rush over too late, the fire slip will be born and fall into the hands of the Blue Star Humans. What should we do?” Another guard, Luo Hu, said worriedly.

“There are only two possibilities for the Fire Slip to appear. The first is that after the energy tide ends and it loses the suppression of the energy tide, it will naturally appear in the tunnel,” Yanzi said.

“What’s the other possibility?”

“The other possibility is to actively guide it. However, it’s not something that anyone can casually guide.” After saying that, Yanzi no longer hesitated. Flames immediately surged out from under her feet. “Let’s go. Let’s hurry to the first Energy Overflow Tunnel. I’ll recover from my injuries first.”

“Okay!

Almost at the same time, flames surged out from under the feet of the four Spiritual Race’s guards. They formed a circle with the flames under their feet the same as Yanzi and flew in the direction of Area 18 at high speed. That was the direction of the first Energy Overflow Tunnel.

At the same time, Yanzi contacted Black Eagle again. “Black Eagle, organize an elite combat team immediately and charge towards the first Energy Overflow Tunnel in batches. There must be at least 5,000 people. The rest of you, continue to gather the defeated soldiers and search for energy fluctuation points to strengthen yourself. Wait for the order,” Yanzi said.

On the other side of the silver communication device, Black Eagle, who had received Yanzi’s order, almost suspected that he had heard wrongly.

“Lord Yanzi, let me confirm. Should I charge toward the first or second Energy Overflow Tunnel?”

Wasn’t this Lord Yanzi here because of the strange phenomenon of the so-called Mystery Fire Slip? The abnormal phenomenon of the mysterious fire slip was at the second Energy Overflow Tunnel.

“Are you deaf? Could you not tell the difference between first and second? I’ll say it again. Immediately organize an elite combat team and charge towards the first Energy Overflow Tunnel in batches. Black Eagle, if you can’t even do such a small thing well, or if you dare to question my orders again, then get lost and mine on the Resource Planet!” Yanzi shouted.

Hearing the words “mine on the Resource Planet”, Black Eagle suddenly shivered. That place was even worse than jail! He immediately nodded vigorously. “Lord Yanzi, I understand now. The first energy overflow tunnel!”

After hanging up, Black Eagle felt like he was a beaten dog. This was not the first time Black Eagle had come into contact with the Sacred Spiritual Race. But Yanzi was really hard to please.@@novelbin@@

Still, no matter how difficult it was, Black Eagle had to serve her. Who asked the Mechanical Spirit Race to be innately inferior to the Sacred Spiritual Race? Moreover, since Yanzi was sent over at the critical moment of the appearance of the mysterious Fire Slip, her identity was definitely not simple.

He could not afford to offend her! He should serve her carefully.