Chapter 581 - 581 Special Mission Completed (1)

581 Special Mission Completed (1)

Bang!

Cui Xi swung his staff with one hand. Jin Mingge was whipped into a shrimp shape and rolled ten meters away. Blood kept spurting out of his mouth.

“Pfft! What a useless person! I didn’t see you when I was killing the enemy. But you were the one behind the fight for the Origin Crystals. We’re here on the Mars battlefield. In other places, your Grandpa Cui will hammer you to death!”

As he cursed, Cui Xi pulled out the sword that Jin Mingge had stabbed deeply into his shoulder. Blood spurted out. The students around them turned pale.

Cui Xi was also a ruthless person. He had lost an arm and his leg was injured. He had actually used such a method to beat Jin Mingge half to death! He was definitely a ruthless person!

Not far away, the students from the Korean Star Sector were furious when they saw Jin Mingge’s miserable state. However, no one dared to step forward. The students from the Korean Star Sector who had wanted to interfere in this battle were lying on the ground, bleeding from their orifices.

Actually, Cui Xi was not scary. He was just a little ruthless. The scariest person was Xu Tui. Without a word, their senior vomited blood.

Cui Xi, who had personally smashed Jin Mingge’s bones and tendons, was in high spirits. He drank a bottle of Level D Energy Restoration Elixir and grinned at Xu Tui. “Xu Tui, give me one so that I can fight those two again.”

“I’ll satisfy you!” Xu Tui chuckled and instantly started to treat Cui Xi with his instantiation treatment.

While the other students around them still did not quite understand what Cui Xi meant by ‘giving him one’, the injuries on Cui Xi’s shoulder had already begun to recover rapidly. Only then did the others understand that Cui Xi was asking Xu Tui to treat his injuries. He still wanted to fight!

In the next moment, all eyes were on Yassen and Rena. The expressions of these two immediately became very interesting.

This battle was not easy! Those who were arrogant were afraid of the insensible ones, and the insensible ones were afraid of those who did not care about their lives. At this moment, Cui Xi was like a person who did not care about his life. The best way to deal with such a reckless person was to kill him as soon as possible.

Once they were frightened by his desperate methods, they would not be far from losing. However, the problem was that Xu Tui was keeping an eye on them. Even if Yasen and Rena had ten guts, they would not dare to find an opportunity to kill Cui Xi, who was risking his life.

Then was there any point in accepting Cui Xi’s challenge?

“Which of you is going to come, or are you going to attack together?” Cui Xi raised his staff and shouted.

Xu Tui stood there with his arms crossed. He did not interfere and just watched. He was just watching.

The expressions on Yassen and Rena’s faces changed, especially Rena’s. It was as if he was making a difficult decision. Suddenly, Rena picked up a large rock from the ground and weighed it in his hand. It was heavy enough.

“Cui Xi, I attacked you in order to fight for the Origin Crystals. This is indeed my fault. I apologize!”

Bang! As he spoke, Rena hit himself on the head with the rock he had just picked up. He bled on the spot. Blood covered his face, but it only looked serious. However, Rena was a shrewd and ruthless person. “That should be enough, right?”

Rena used all his strength, picked up the rock, and hit himself on the head again.

Bang!

Blood splattered everywhere. Rena himself fell backward. He had fainted from the rock. He planned to use this to give Cui Xi an explanation.

Seeing this, Cui Xi grinned. Wasn’t it just to put up a facade? Rena had knocked himself out with a rock in front of Cui Xi and everyone else. And it was enough.

In the next moment, Cui Xi moved his staff slightly and pointed his halberd at Yasen. With Rena as an example, it would be stupid if Yasen did not know what to do. It was better to knock himself out than to end up like Jin Mingge, with multiple fractures all over his body.

Yasen did not waste any time. He picked up the large rock that was still stained with Rena’s blood, bent down slightly, and slapped his head.

Bang!

First hit, blood splattered everywhere. He did not faint. The corner of Yasen’s mouth twitched in pain. He raised the stone and slammed it against his head again.

Bang!

Second hits, blood splattered from his head. Yasen swayed. He saw stars, but he did not faint. Yasen felt like cursing. He had really slapped his head with all his might. Why did he not faint after two hits?

Bang!

Third hit, Yasen felt that his head was about to explode from the blow.He swayed a few times, the figures in front of him became a few, but he did not faint.

What the f*ck! Why didn’t he faint? In the next moment, Yasen used all his strength and hit himself again.

Bang!@@novelbin@@

There was the sound of a slight fracture. Yasen’s vision turned black. He had finally fainted! Before he fainted, Yasen only had one thought in his mind. He had to break his head before he fainted. How hard was his head?

Cui Xi chuckled when he saw this. He put away his staff and raised it slightly toward Xu Tui. He then sat cross-legged on the ground and took out his useless mind power Origin Crystal to start cultivating.

In this day and age, individual strength is the most important. Such a cultivation opportunity was rare. The conflict ended just like that. The surrounding elite students also began to focus on their surroundings again.

If an Origin Crystal fell, the people nearby would swarm forward. However, the innermost circle was completely empty. Even if an Origin Crystal dropped, no one dared to snatch it now.

Just as everyone was about to leave, Xu Tui suddenly spoke again. “Everyone, retreat. The five inner circles are our territory. We went to kill the enemy just now. Now that we’re back, everyone should make way.”