Chapter 588 - 588 There’S More?

588 There’s More?

“We have to take it out. If we did not take it out, this thing would be an unknown bomb. No one could guarantee that it would not explode! If the solidifying of the tunnel was completed and it exploded again, the losses would be too great. We can’t afford the losses.”

The three experts from the Huaya Mars Base immediately agreed. They had to take it out. Only by taking it out could they continue the construction of the Mars base. Otherwise, there would be too many uncertainties. However, it was also extremely difficult to retrieve it.

“Old Xiang, I think we can only rely on our mind power if we want to take it. I’m afraid all other technological and physical methods won’t work.” The expert who spoke was called Wang Lu.

“Mind power?” Xiang Daoxing smiled bitterly before he could say anything. “Which of you sensed that thing just now? I sensed it, but just barely.”

“I also sensed it, but it’s also very blurry. Moreover, the impact of the energy overflowing out of the tunnel is too great. My mental perception can’t stabilize at all, let alone take it out,” Wang Lu said.

“I can’t sense it at all!” Another researcher, Lu Zongye, who must have a weaker mind power, smiled bitterly.

“Since you can sense it, how many meters is it?” Lu Zongye asked.

“The distance I sensed is about 60 to 65 meters,” Xiang Xing said.

Wang Lu was stunned. “Why do I sense that it’s between 55 and 60 meters?”

The three of them were stunned. Under normal circumstances, the distance that the mental perception had estimated was actually more accurate. An error above meter was impossible. Under normal circumstances, it was impossible for two researchers at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm to have such a huge sensory error.

“Could it be?”

In the next moment, the three researchers sensed it again. This time, Wang Lu smiled bitterly. “I can’t sense it anymore.”

“I can barely sense it. It should be about 70 meters away… No, I can’t sense it anymore… It’s coming up again…”

It was moving! That thing was moving. The three researchers immediately determined that it should be constantly moving under the effect of the energy shock. Under such circumstances, it was extremely difficult to rely on mechanical means.

“Prepare for both. Get the Huaya Sector’s Mars base to urgently print and create a purely physical extendable mechanical hand,” Xiang Daoxing said.

“It’s difficult! It was too difficult to operate a mechanical hand that was more than 70 meters long and had a curvature. The precision of the printing and manufacturing is very high. I’m afraid it won’t be completed in a short period of time,” Lu Zongye said.

“We have to try. In addition, I can try to use my mind power to take it out and try my luck. If it happens to be surging to a height of 40 meters, we should have a chance to take it out,” Wang Lu said.

“Yes, let’s just report it this way.” Xiang Daoxing nodded at Zhu Lang, who was waiting at the side, and gestured for him to report such a plan.

The three experts had already begun to use their mind power to capture what Millins had thrown in. However, capturing it was too difficult.

Under the influence of the energy spurt, their mental perception could not last long. On the contrary, because of their attempts and influence, the entire red pillar of light flickered. It added a hint of mystery to the red pillar of light.

About half an hour later, Xiang Daoxing suddenly roared, “It has been washed up by Origin Energy. My mind power has captured it. Help me!”

Almost at the same time, Wang Lu and Lu Zongye’s mind power suddenly erupted and rushed down along Xiang Daoxing’s mind power. Xiang Daoxing seemed to have used all his strength. The veins on his forehead bulged and his eyes widened.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, who were waiting at the side, also had nervous expressions. However, they only looked forward to it for a second.

Blood suddenly gushed out from the corner of Xiang Daoxing’s eyes. There seemed to be an inaudible sound of breaking in the tunnel. Xiang Daoxing let out a muffled groan and fell backward as if he had lost his strength.

Xu Tui was five meters behind Xiang Daoxing. He stood up helplessly after Xiang Daoxing fell. He gently supported the researcher whose mind power had been damaged. He felt a little helpless. His cultivation was interrupted.

“Thank you!” Xiang Daoxing thanked Xu Tui and walked toward the tunnel again. He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and let out a long sigh. “My mind power is not strong enough! I’ve already captured it. However, under the chaotic impact of the Origin Energy below, it is like a wild horse that has escaped its reins. The tearing force was extremely great.

“There are only two possibilities if we want to use your mind power to extract it,” Xiang Daoxing said.

“Which two possibilities?”

“A Genetic Transmutation Realm expert to come.”

As soon as he said that, Wang Lu and Lu Zongye shook their heads at the same time. Zhu Lang was also helpless. During the energy tide, if a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert could take action, it would not be so troublesome! The India Sector might have already established a base.

Of course, it was also possible that the power of the Blue Star humans had been flattened by the experts of the extraterrestrial elites.

“What else?”

Xiang Daoxing glanced at Feng Xuanbiao, who was eagerly waiting in front of him. “Reduce the height of this spewing tunnel by five or even ten meters. The next time it spews out, I might be able to take it out.”@@novelbin@@

“What you mean is that the height of the ground will be lowered by five to ten meters. When this thing is gushed back to its original height, you are only 30 meters away from it. You can take it out by then?” Wang Xiao asked.

“I should be able to,” Xiang Daoxing said.

“Professor Xiang, give me a minute. I’ll calculate the engineering volume and time immediately,” Feng Xianbiao said.

Xiang Daoxing nodded. Feng Xuanbiao and the vanguard soldiers of the engineering camp quickly studied and calculated. In less than a minute, they gave an answer. “Based on the geological situation of the crater, it will take about an hour to dig a depth of five to ten meters. At the same time, in order to ensure safety and the operation of the machines, the nearby 30 meters will be used for construction and transportation,” Feng Xianbiao said.

“Let’s act.”

“Commander Zhu, tell these people.” Xiang Daoxing looked at Xu Tui, An Xiaoxue, Bian Yuan, Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, and the others who were cultivating and frowned slightly.

Zhu Lang was in a difficult position. The territory that Xu Tui had taken down had to be cleared out at this moment. However, Xu Tui should be able to understand the engineering needs.

Just as Zhu Lang was about to wake everyone up, Xu Tui stood up first. “Teachers, why don’t I try?”

Xu Tui was already a little unhappy that his cultivation had been interrupted. However, they were the ones who had contributed to the country’s construction of the second Mars base. Xu Tui was a little unwilling to be chased out. Of course, he still had to cooperate when he had to.

Xu Tui said that because he had tried to sense it just now and realized that he could sense it very clearly. His mental perception seemed to be stronger and more stable than these teachers.

“You?” Lu Zongye looked at Xu Tui’s young face and instinctively felt that he was unreliable. He was only a second-year or third-year student. How could a student like him do something that even they could not do?

“Young man, your courage is commendable. However, mental strength is not something that can be strengthened with courage!” Xiang Daoxing spoke very kindly with a hint of love.

Wang Lu did not say anything, but his meaning was clear.

“Commander Feng, prepare for construction.”

“This tunnel is not straight! There’s an S-turn 40 meters away. Something happened to Mr. Xiang there just now. There’s a sharp bend of about 50 degrees at 60 meters.”

As Xu Tui spoke, Xiang Daoxing’s eyes suddenly widened. Wang Lu was also stunned. Lu Zongye was stunned.

“At 79 meters, the tunnel became narrower, forming a jet effect. This is also the reason why this thing did not fall deeper. However, it also made it constantly change its direction and become extremely difficult to capture,” Xu Tui said again.

“You can sense a distance of 80 meters?” This time, Xiang Daoxing was really stunned.

Xu Tui nodded slightly. Wang Lu and Lu Zongye looked at each other. Their faces turned hot. They had no face left! A student could sense 80 meters, but the three famous experts could not sense as far as a student.

“Can you take it out?” Xiang Daoxing did not care about this. He looked at Xu Tui with shining eyes.

“I’ll try.” Xu Tui did not make any promises. He had never tried it before. Moreover, the turbulence of the energy gushing out was serious. He was not confident.

“Alright, come quickly! Try it. Command us however you need us to help you! As long as you take it out, it will be a great contribution.”

“Okay!” Xu Tui nodded slightly. He walked to the center of the tunnel and slowly extended his mental perception.

The high concentration of Origin Energy below was indeed a serious interference to his mental perception. However, the strength of Xu Tui’s mental perception range of more than a thousand meters was not to be underestimated.

He sensed along the way and immediately found the red ball. At this moment, under the impact of the gushing Origin Energy, it kept spinning and hitting the tunnel, but it was very solid.

“I found it. I’ll try to retrieve it.” Xu Tui closed his eyes. His mind power gathered into a net. In the next moment, he grabbed the red ball and began to move it up.

“He’s caught it. It’s coming up!” Xiang Daoxing, who had sensed it, shouted excitedly, “Be careful. That S-turn of energy surge is the most chaotic. It’s a little difficult!”

Almost at the same time, at least 10 streams of chaotic energy crashed into Xu Tui’s mind power net. With a wave of his mind power, the red ball was about to fall. Almost at the same time, Xu Tui activated his mind power. He suddenly threw out his mental chain and placed it on the red ball.

The red ball that was about to fall instantly became stable.

Then, under the wide-eyed gazes of Xiang Daoxing, Wang Lu, Lu Zongye, Feng Xuanbiao, Zhu Lang, and the others, a red ball the size of a football slowly flew out of the tunnel under the guidance of Xu Tui’s mind power.

When it was more than ten meters away from the vent, the football-sized red ball was directly pushed out of the tunnel by the surging Origin Energy and pulled into Xu Tui’s hand.

The moment the red ball left, the red pillar of light instantly disappeared. The entire tunnel was only the size of three to four footballs. At this moment, when the red ball was taken out, it was as if the flow limit had been opened. The gushing energy instantly became turbulent.

A large number of Origin Crystals were shot out. Everyone dodged the rain of crystals. However, at this moment, the red light that had just disappeared surged out of the tunnel again.

Light illuminated the world! The people who were still happy were stunned!

There was more?