Chapter 586 - 586 Maiponeo’S Benevolence (2)

586 Maiponeo’s Benevolence (2)

Yanzi shook her head. Luo Hu was a little anxious, but he was stopped by Yanzi’s gaze.

“Everyone, attack.”

“Sir, this?”

“There’s a problem the moment Canzeng descended. It means that there are really experts on the Mars battlefield. It’s better to be careful. Attack with all your strength and end the battle quickly. Then, quickly recover!” Yanzi said.

“Sir is wise!”

In the next moment, four fiery figures suddenly appeared from the hill and quickly flew towards the first energy overflow combat circle. By the time the India Sector discovered them, they were already two kilometers away.

“Spiritual Race!” Sotum’s expression suddenly became grave. He had already guessed it, but he did not expect the Spiritual Race to really come.

On the other side, Nilab’s expression became serious. Could this be the reason why the Black Eagle turned around and charged back?

“Special Combat Elites, out!” Sotum waved his hand, and 12 Genetic Evolution Realm experts instantly pounced out from behind. Of the four special forces elite teams, three belonged to the India Sector and one belonged to the American Sector.

There were three Genetic Evolution Realm experts in a team, and they were all relatively powerful Genetic Evolution Realm experts. Such a team could resist ordinary Genetic Transmutation Realm experts. This was also why the India Sector had the confidence to establish a base this time.

Yanzi’s three guards immediately pounced forward. They were each met by three Genetic Evolution Realm experts. Under three against one, even if Yanzi’s guards were powerful and had the upper hand, they would not be able to win in a short period of time.

The last group of three Genetic Evolution Realm special forces elites from the India Sector instantly attacked Yanzi.

“Damn, this girl’s legs are really long!” The moment he charged over, the Extreme Branch, Genetic Evolution Realm expert who was acting as a sharp knife even teased.

A cold smile appeared on Yanzi’s face. She circled her hands slightly. “Fire Prison, rise!”@@novelbin@@

In an instant, a huge circular screen of fire instantly rose and surrounded the three Genetic Evolution Realm experts. The moment they entered the circle, the fire screen shrank rapidly. The expressions of the three Genetic Evolution Realm experts changed drastically. They attacked the fire screen crazily, but they could not penetrate it.

This process seemed to be extremely long for the three Genetic Evolution Realm experts who were trapped. However, to the spectators outside, it was an instant! One second, the fire screen rose. In the next, the fire screen shrank into a ball, contracted to the extreme, and exploded!

They’re gone! Other than some black ashes, there was nothing else! It was as if the three Genetic Evolution Realm experts from the India Sector did not exist. They were directly blasted away.

Yanzi was wearing fiery red boots. As she walked, she curled her arms slightly. In an instant, the circular screen of fire rose again. This time, the three special forces elites from the American Sector were surrounded. Just like before, the screen of fire quickly closed.

The three Special Combat Elites who had been surrounded wanted to break out of the screen, but they could not break through the fire screen.

What was a little stronger than just now was that the moment the fire screen shrunk to the extreme, a Genetic Evolution Realm expert from the American Sector was on the fire screen. He should be about to kill his way out.

However, he was still a step away.

Boom!

The flames gathered to the extreme and exploded again. The three Genetic Evolution Realm experts in the American Sector exploded into black ashes on the spot.

“Oh, f*ck!” Maiponeo, who had received the news, stood up on the spot. The loss of three Genetic Evolution Realm experts was a little painful. However, he was shocked by this woman’s lethality. She killed a Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator like she was killing a dog. Could the India Sector block it?

Nilab was stunned! He was completely shocked.

“Quick, go and ask Lord Itavi! Tell him that I need his on-site guidance! Hurry!” At this moment, Nilab was so anxious that he wanted to vomit blood.

Almost at the same time, Yanzi’s fire screen appeared again. The third group of special forces elites was surrounded. A second later, they turned into black ashes.

“Retreat! Retreat quickly!” Sotum had no time to get his adjutant to give the order. Instead, he roared at the top of his lungs.

In an instant, the last three Genetic Evolution Realm experts turned around and fled. One of them had only taken a few steps when he was caught up by Cancheng and killed on the spot. Out of the 12 Genetic Evolution Realm experts, only two managed to escape alive. How could they defend against this power?

Before Sotum could come up with a countermeasure, Yanzi’s three guards turned into three fiery figures and instantly rushed into the extraterrestrial elites’ camp. Then, like three huge arrows, they blasted into the India Sector’s defense team.

“Fight! Fight to the death!” Sotum roared.

However, Yanzi heard Sotum’s voice. She tilted her eyes and spread her fingers. Flames burned five meters around Sotum.

Sotum was stunned! However, his guard realized something and pounced forward. He balled up and knocked Sotum away. “Be careful, General!”

Almost at the same time that Sotum was sent flying, Yanzi suddenly retracted her fingers. The flames that had just ignited contracted and exploded. Sotum’s guard, an Extreme Branch guard at the Genetic Evolution Realm, was directly blasted into a charred carbon.

Sotum’s legs could not help but tremble, but his expression became extremely ferocious. “Focus fire, focus fire on this woman! Kill her!”

A few long snipers that were comparable to cannons instantly spewed out flames. Yanzi frowned and instantly soared into the air. While she dodged the first wave of concentrated fire, she flicked her fingers into the air.

This was the limitation of ammunition. If it could not form a barrage, it would be very difficult to injure the experts. In the next moment, countless fireballs descended from the sky, almost covering the entire number one energy overflow combat circle.

Before it landed on the ground, the fireball exploded!

The India Sector’s defensive formation was in chaos. Not only was it chaotic, but the engineers who were undergoing construction also suffered heavy casualties. This was especially so for the Genetic Mutation Realm elites. They suffered heavy casualties in this wave of attacks.

Fortunately, Yanzi had used her ultimate move once. Her aura fluctuated and she did not attack again. However, under the lead of Yanzi’s three guards, the other extraterrestrial elites charged into the chaotic India Sector’s defensive positions like tigers entering a wolf pack.

“Retreat! All of you, retreat into the second line of defense!” Sotum roared. He still wanted to turn the tables.

However, Maiponeo, who was also remotely commanding the battle here, immediately made a decision. “Order the elites of the American Sector to retreat!”

The commander of the American Sector at the scene was a little suspicious when he received this order. Wasn’t it inappropriate to abandon his allies and retreat just like that?

“In just three to four minutes, the casualties have exceeded 10%! The India Sector can go crazy, but there’s no need for the strength of our America Sector to be buried with the India Sector! The price of killing this woman before we figured out her background was too great! Retreat! Retreat immediately!”

“Yes!”

On the battlefield, they were still trying their best to command and prepare to turn the tide. At the same time, they were gathering the six strongest Genetic Evolution Realm experts present in the India Sector to deal with Yanzi.

Sotum also wanted the Genetic Evolution Realm expert of the American Sector to help hold back Yanzi’s three guards and the Black Eagle. However, before Sotum could complete his deployment, the elites of the American Sector actually started to retreat from the side.

“Bastards! How can you retreat at this time?” Sotum wanted to vomit blood!

“According to the agreement, our losses have exceeded 10%!” The battlefield commander of the American Sector said.

Sotum was dumbfounded! Retreat after losing 10%? Was there such a rule?

At the Moon base, Nilab, who had received the news of the retreat of the elites of the American Sector, roared angrily, “Maiponeo, you’re shameless! You harmed me!”

“Old friend, we’ve already lost more than 10% of our people. We’ve already done our best. I’m sorry, I can only retreat!” Maiponeo even sent a voice message to Nilab to explain.

The smell of blood suddenly appeared at the corner of Nilab’s mouth. He had vomited blood!

At this moment, the Planetary Realm powerhouse from the India Sector, Itavi, quickly arrived. He looked at the situation and the furious Nilab. Itavi suddenly said, “Retreat first!”

“But…” Nilab was indignant!

“Let’s retreat and conserve our strength first! If there are people, we will have a chance to build again. If there are no people, there will be nothing!”

Nilab froze, then shouted into the command channel, “Retreat! Full retreat!”