Chapter 584 - 584 Hungry Wolf (2)

584 Hungry Wolf (2)

Other people had to use various methods to let the genetic ability chain absorb and refine the energy after they absorbed enough energy.

On the other hand, Xu Tui had directly achieved directional strengthening through the illusory introspection and the Mind Concentration Technique. No, it should be said that the effect was even better than directional strengthening.

The denser the energy, the better it was for Xu Tui.

Xu Tui also wanted to make the best use of his time to cultivate and improve. Previously, the ability of the School of Radiation Influence had unknowingly allowed Xu Tui to complete this special mission by affecting the emotions of the elite students and making them take the initiative to retreat.

!!

This was something that Xu Tui had not expected. The others could not think of it either. Other than the fact that Xu Tui’s mind power was especially powerful, the main reason was that the combat ability of the School of Radiation Influence was extremely low. Occasionally, one of them would appear to control the situation.

Within the Blue Star, most of the students from the School of Radiation Influence were doing support work, such as assisting the Special Intelligence Division in some reconnaissance and interrogation work.

On the intergalactic battlefield, they were mostly useless. As a result, almost no one noticed that Xu Tui had used the ability of the School of Radiation Influence. This made Xu Tui feel that the abilities of the School of Radiation Influence were not useless.

The key was to use it in the right place. If he used it in the right place, the related abilities of the School of Radiation Influence would have the power to turn something rotten into something magical.

Xu Tui immediately sat cross-legged near An Xiaoxue. He sat at the center of the second tunnel with An Xiaoxue and Bian Yuan and focused on his cultivation.

Far away, the students and special combat teams of the other sectors also quietened down after their initial shock.

In reality, when Feng Xuanbiao brought the engineering team into the area, the students, strategic coordinators, and special combat teams of the various alliances immediately reported the situation through various channels.

The news that the Huaxia Sector was going to build another Mars base in the second tunnel immediately spread.

This information immediately attracted the attention of Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee. Huaxia Sector also wanted to build a Mars base? That was not surprising. Almost all the major alliances wanted to build a new Mars base. However, they did not have a chance.@@novelbin@@

Their India Sector had waited for so many years for an opportunity. After layers of planning and paying a huge price, they had attracted all the extraterrestrial elites to the second energy overflow tunnel. That was how the current situation was so good.

However, no one expected the alien elites in the second tunnel to be defeated. This gave the Huaxia Sector a chance to establish a Mars base.

For a moment, Nilab was worried. Due to various complicated reasons, the India Sector felt that they had been suppressed by the Huaxia Sector. They had built a Mars base this time to hold their heads high and change their disadvantage. However, if the Huaxia Sector were to build a Mars base, then…

After some thought, Nilab took the initiative to contact the deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, Maiponeo. “Mr. Maiponeo, what do you think of the Huaxia Sector building a second Mars base of the Huaya Sector?”

“Mr. Nilab, let me correct you first. This is not the second Mars base of the Huaya Sector. Instead, it was the first Huaxia Mars base. I had just received intelligence that this base involved the Russian, European, and African Sectors. However, the Huaxia Sector did not invite the Yamato, Korean Star, and Sing-Malaysia Sectors,” Maiponeo said.

Nilab’s gaze shifted as he said softly, “If that really happens, the Huaxia Sector will not only be the king of the Huaya Sector. They might become the king of the alliances!”

“King of the alliances?” Maiponeo’s gaze was cold. These words were extremely stimulating to the American Sector.

The so-called King of the alliances should have been the American Sector in the beginning. However, due to some problems within the American Sector, they did not become the King of the alliances. For the American Sector, if they could not become the King of the alliances, no one else could become the King of the alliances!

“Mr. Nilab, I have a message for you.”

“Go ahead, Mr. Maiponeo.”

“45%! We want an additional 15% to the profits of the base that you’re about to build!” Maiponeo suddenly said.

Nilab’s eyes widened. Damn it, you can’t play like this! The 30% that they had agreed on a long time ago had entered the construction stage. How could your American Sector be like this? Wasn’t that breaking your promise?

“Mr. Nilab! It looks like you haven’t received the latest intelligence. The latest intelligence showed that there had been an extraordinary change in the internal affairs of the alien elites that the Black Eagle had taken away. The Black Eagle brought the alien elites he brought away and charged towards the first energy overflow tunnel again. I estimate that they will arrive in 20 minutes at most!”

“This is impossible. How could this be?” Nilab exclaimed. Although he did not believe it, he felt that no matter how shameless Maiponeo was, he would not joke with him about this.

“You’ll probably receive the news soon. Our American Sector’s technology is still very advanced in some aspects. Mr. Nilab, you have five minutes to make a decision. 45% of the profits, please sign the electronic document and deliver it. If I don’t receive your electronic documents in five minutes, I will order the students and special combat teams of the American Sector to retreat!”

With that, Maiponeo hung up, leaving Nilab with a blank expression. This change was too f*cking fast!

Before Nilab could sort out his thoughts, the staff officer behind him suddenly said anxiously, “Sir, General Sotum called!”

“Sir, the latest intelligence shows that Black Eagle has returned with the alien elites. There might be more than 5,000 of them. Currently, only we and the American Sector were members of the first Energy Overflow Tunnel.

“The other sectors had either gone to support the second tunnel or taken the initiative to retreat just now. Currently, there were only 7,000 combat forces in the first energy overflow tunnel, including the 3,000 people in the American Sector. We would definitely be able to defend 7,000 against 5,000.

“However, if those alien elites really fought to the death, the casualties would probably not be small. Sir, we need reinforcements!” Sotum said.

“Bastards!” Nilab suddenly slapped the table, his face filled with anger. The good situation was suddenly in chaos. Maiponeo was like a hungry wolf who smelled blood! He attacked accurately and targeted their vital points at the critical moment.

7,000 against 5,000. They would definitely win! But what if he took away the 3,000 people of the American Sector? Whether or not they could defend with the remaining 4,000 against 5,000 was a problem. What was worse was that the alien elites who had returned were about to arrive in less than 20 minutes.

Even if Nilab was extremely determined and gave up on working with the American Sector, then used a large share to exchange for support from the other sectors, even if they reached a cooperation, the students and special forces of the other sectors would not be able to rush over in such a short period of time.

Moreover, the Huaxia Sector was also building a second Mars base. They had already brought the forces of the Russian, European, and African Sectors to the second energy overflow tunnel. Unless he used a huge share to exchange for the help of the other sectors.

In other words, he had no choice! Nilab had no choice! He could either agree to the conditions of the hungry wolf, Maiponeo, or they had to be prepared to pay the huge price of heavy casualties or even failure in the construction of the Mars base.

That price was too great! He could not afford it. He could only accept Maiponeo’s hungry conditions.

At the thought of this, Nilab punched the desk again. Damn it! If the India Sector was willing to give up 45% of the profits, they would have succeeded in establishing the base ten years ago. There would be no need to wait until today! However, what was worse was that he had no choice today.

“They’re all f*cking bastards! Shameless! Despicable!” The furious Nilab swept everything on his desk to the ground with a dejected expression. “Sotum, prepare for battle. Other than the American Sector, we have no reinforcements! Also, prepare to send the electronic contract to Maiponeo. 45%.”

At this moment, Nilab, who was slumped in his chair, seemed to have been raped by a thug. He was exceptionally helpless and angry. How could this be? Their plan to attract the alien elites had clearly succeeded. Why did Black Eagle come back?