Chapter 583 - 583 Hungry Wolf (1)

583 Hungry Wolf (1)

When Feng Xuanbiao brought a large number of construction equipment and materials and stepped into the second energy overflow battle circle, the person-in-charge of extraterrestrial affairs in the Huaxia Sector, Lieutenant General Wei Binwei, was also conducting the simplest communication and negotiation on another form of battlefield.

“Mr. Plesian, we are starting to build a new Mars base. Are you interested in working with us?”

The first person Wei Bin contacted was Plesian, the deputy director of the Russian Genetic Committee. After receiving Wei Bin’s call, Plesian was silent for two minutes, or rather, he thought about it. “The second energy overflow tunnel to build a new Mars base? It seemed that you were already prepared.

“The students of the Huaxia Sector completely occupied the innermost circle just to build another Mars base? Have you solved the problem of the red pillar of light?” Plesian asked a crucial question.

!!

“No,” Wei Bin answered directly.

“What’s the success rate?”

“60%. That red pillar of light might be the greatest variable.”

“How much share and rights do you want us to pay?”

“All Russian Federation’s students and special combat teams stay behind in the second energy overflow tunnel and listen to instructions. We will provide all the materials and manpower needed for the construction. After it’s built, you will enjoy 15% of the profits. Of course, elite special combat teams and defense forces are also necessary,” Wei Bin said.

“Fifteen percent? I’d prefer that number to be twenty percent.”

Hearing this, Wei Bin laughed. “Old friend, you know that we have several partners. We can’t give any more. You are the first partner I contacted.”

Plesian was silent for a few seconds, then nodded gently. “Sure! But there’s an additional condition. If we lose more than 30% of our people, they will withdraw from the battle in an orderly manner.”

“Happy cooperation!”

“I wish you success in establishing the new base.”

After ending the call with Plesian, Wei Bin began to contact Doge Antheus, the deputy director of the European Sector Genetic Committee.

The Russian Federation and the Huaxia Sector were relatively close. They were allies in some aspects and opponents in others. Compared to the Russian Federation, the situation with the European Sector was a little more complicated. However, the benefits were tempting. With 15% of the share, he got the cooperation of the European Sector.

Then, Wei Bin contacted the deputy director of the Africa Genetic Committee, Cabanda. In terms of alliance, the Africa Sector was closer to the Russian Federation. However, for various reasons, the relationship with the Africa Sector was also more complicated. Sometimes, it was not too reliable. Moreover, within the six alliances, although it had a large population, its overall strength was the weakest.

Wei Bin had given out 10% of the profits to obtain cooperation with the Africa Sector.

The second Mars base of the Huaxia Sector had already obtained a three-way cooperation before it was officially built. It was built jointly by the Huaya Sector, the Russian Federation, the European Federation, and the Africa Sector. Of course, the Huaxia Sector accounted for 60% of the benefits.

Actually, the first Mars base of the Huaya Sector was in a similar situation. The Huaxia Sector was just the majority. Looking at the current five Mars bases, not a single one was built by monopolizing food. For example, the Mars base of the Africa Sector was not in the name of the Africa Sector. In reality, the Africa Sector only had a 30% share.

Eating alone would not only lead to failure, but it would also lead to hostility and even being attacked. The India Sector was a good example. In the early years, they had always wanted to monopolize the Mars base. Even if they took out a portion for cooperation, it would be pitifully little. It resulted in many failures.

This time, they had decided to cooperate with the American Sector after they learned their lesson. According to rumors, the India Sector might give 30% of the profits to the American Sector.@@novelbin@@

After making a few more calls, Wei Bin gave Feng Xianbiao an order to transfer his contact information. “It’s done.”

At the same time, Feng Xuanbiao, who had already arrived at the top of the crater, gave the order. The engineering team began to build the first level of defense and fortress, as well as the solidified foundation of the energy overflow tunnel at the center.

“Xu Tui, don’t worry. All the Origin Crystals that fall during the construction will belong to you. Our soldiers are all disciplined.” Feng Xuanbiao promised after expressing his gratitude.

Xu Tui nodded. “Commander Feng, are you going to start solidifying the energy overflow tunnel now? If we have to start construction now, my teachers and I will leave now and train far away,” Xu Tui asked.

Actually, Xu Tui was the one who had doubts. The problem of the red pillar of light had not been resolved. How could he solidify the energy overflow channel?

“We’re not solidifying yet. We would only build the fortifications and a portion of the foundation while there was no interference here. Moreover, this energy overflow tunnel was in a period of intense overflow. Even without the red pillar of light, it could not solidify. It would only begin to solidify after the intensity of the energy overflowing here began to decrease greatly.

“As for the problem of the red pillar of light, an expert would come over to investigate and make a judgment later. You guys can cultivate nearby. It won’t hinder you! Moreover, with you guys around, it would be justifiable for us to work in the five inner circles!” Feng Xianbiao said.

“Okay!

Cultivating in the innermost circle and the sixth circle did not have much of an effect on others, but to Xu Tui, the difference in effect was quite large.