Chapter 580 - 580 Grandpa Cui Despises You (4)

580 Grandpa Cui Despises You (4)

Cui Xi’s saliva almost landed on Jin Mingge’s face. They were all young people. No one could stand such public provocation and humiliation.

Jin Mingge suddenly exploded. “Alright, Cui, I’ll fight!”

“Good, someone finally man up. Alright, come on!” Cui Xi retracted his staff slightly and waited for Jin Mingge to fight.

Jin Mingge was not in a hurry to fight. Instead, he looked at Xu Tui. “After this battle, regardless of the outcome, will the grudge be written off?” Jin Mingge was speaking to Cui Xi, but he was looking at Xu Tui.

“Of course! Regardless of the outcome, the grudge will be written off! You don’t have to look at Xu Tui. I’ll make the decision!” Cui Xi shouted.

However, Jin Mingge did not dare to speak even though Xu Tui did not. What if he defeated Cui Xi again, and Xu Tui gave him a flying sword and cut off his arm? He was scared to death!

“Brother Cui’s words are my thoughts,” Xu Tui said.

“Okay!” Jin Mingge was energetic when he heard that. A ferocious expression appeared on his face. “Cui, you still want to challenge me in your severely injured state. You asked for it. Don’t regret being injured by me again. I’ll accept it even if you kill me!” Cui Xi had a ruthless expression!

The corner of Jin Mingge’s mouth twitched. Damn it, Xu Tui was right beside you. I wouldn’t dare to kill you even if I could. However, since he had already said it in public, it would not be a problem for him to injure Cui Xi again. He was a seriously injured person who had lost an arm. What was there to be afraid of?

“Everyone, bear witness! We’ll settle the score!” Jin Mingge said to the surroundings again.

Many students from the Korean Star Sector and the other alliances had already started recording. Thirty seconds later, Jin Mingge and Cui Xi stood in the innermost circle that had been vacated. The combat distance was ten meters. Both of them were from the Extreme Branch.

“Start!” Xu Tui shouted softly.

Almost at the same time, Jin Mingge’s figure flashed and he suddenly pounced at Cui Xi. The sword light was like a dragon.@@novelbin@@

Cui Xi, who was limping, did not move. He stood rooted to the ground and leaned on the iron rod, waiting for Jin Mingge to kill him. Many of the spectators sighed. Why did he have to do this? Why did Cui Xi have to do this? Couldn’t he take revenge after his injuries had completely recovered? He had to embarrass himself in public again! After all, he was seriously injured and his strength was severely down.

Almost instantly, Jin Mingge’s sword light stabbed towards Cui Xi’s heart. Cui Xi did not dodge. He did not even activate the Vajra Barrier. The moment the sword light reached his body and everyone’s hearts were in their throats, Cui Xi’s figure swayed and he used his injured left shoulder to meet Jin Mingge’s sword light. The sword light pierced into his flesh.

Jin Mingge’s expression became strange. Did he win that easily? However, at this moment, a boundless energy field suddenly exploded from Cui Xi’s body. It surged out of his body like a wave and surged back along Jin Mingge’s sword light.

It landed heavily on Jin Mingge’s chest like a huge wave. Jin Mingge felt as if he had been blasted by a mountain. He flew backward and spat out blood!

Xu Tui’s eyes lit up. This was the Vajra Tide Force Field!

Cui Xi, on the other hand, did not show any mercy. He dragged his crippled leg and pounced forward. He raised the iron rod with one hand and smashed it onto Jin Mingge. “Grandson, who asked you to ambush your grandfather behind his back! You coward. You weren’t there when we charged forward, but you actually dared to attack your own people! I’ll smash your ancestors!”

The sound of bones breaking kept coming. Cui Xi’s iron rod broke bones and tendons. One strike after another!

Jin Mingge screamed repeatedly and spat out blood. Some people could not stand this scene anymore. This was especially so for the elite students of the Korean Star Sector.

Unable to stand it anymore, a senior suddenly rushed out. “Stop, you’ve already won…”

Bang! The mental hammer smashed down! The Korean Star Sector student who intervened suddenly spat out blood and fell to the ground. Xu Tui’s silver flying sword spun slightly, indicating that he had attacked.

“This is a battle between Jin Mingge and Cui Xi. I’ll blast anyone who dares to interfere! Try interfering!” Xu Tui looked at the restless Korean Star Sector students with a cold expression.

The Korean Star Sector students who could not stand it anymore and wanted to interfere were shocked. The faces of Yasen and Rena, who had been called out by Cui Xi, turned pale.