Chapter 585 - 585 Maiponeo’S Benevolence (1)

585 Maiponeo’s Benevolence (1)

In the first combat area, the commander, Sotum, and his staff officers had already begun to roar. It could not be helped. In the energy overflow combat area, communication between the Blue Star humans basically relied on roars.@@novelbin@@

“Those of the Supernatural Branch who are qualified for combat distance, enter the fortifications.”

“Everyone, set up a three-dimensional defense immediately!”

“Extreme Branch defense team, erect a huge shield!”

!!

“Firepower units, enter the shooting holes!”

…

In the energy overflow combat circle, all technological weapons were ineffective. However, some of the slightly ancient pure ammunition weapons could be used after a certain amount of modification. They could also cause damage to the alien elites.

For example, a large-caliber long-range sniper rifle could be used after all the electronic radiation devices were removed and the firing device was changed. However, the accuracy of the shots was more problematic. One had to be a well-trained soldier to be able to use it.

Another example was the more primitive cannons. The accuracy of this thing was even harder to master. Before the fortress was built to form a blanket of firepower, it was not very useful. However, the India Sector still set up ten cannons. However, most of them were 2,000 soldiers from the India Sector who were holding large-caliber sniper rifles.

This was also what Sotum relied on.

As long as the army formed firepower, they could even suppress Genetic Evolution Realm experts, let alone Genetic Mutation Realm experts. If it was built into a base fortress and built with crossfire, it could even suppress ordinary Genetic Transmutation Realm experts.

Soon, a staircase defense line was basically formed. In the innermost circle, the engineering team was still intensifying their work. As long as the solidification facilities were completed and they survived this wave, they could strengthen the fortifications again.

At that time, the Mars base of the India Sector would basically be completed.

On the periphery, Sotum’s lieutenant had set up instant communication with Nilab so that he could understand the changes here in real time.

Nilab was really nervous. Five minutes after Sotum was ready for battle, a stream of light flashed in the distance.

The extraterrestrial elites were here!

Many of the extraterrestrial elites were sitting on floating mechanical spirit beasts and flying fission beasts. They rushed over in teams. The Black Eagle was on one of the flying mechanical spirit beasts.

After entering the combat area, the long-range gunfire of the humans could not enter. The Black Eagle was not in a hurry to attack. Instead, it was slowly gathering people from two kilometers away.

“Lord Yanzi, our main force has arrived at the first energy overflow combat circle. Please give us your instructions.” Black Eagle contacted her.

“Attack in two minutes! We will also find an opportunity to attack.”

“Understood!” The Black Eagle looked around but did not find the whereabouts of Yanzi and the others.

Two minutes later, Black Eagle commanded more than 5,000 alien elites to attack from the north of the first energy overflow combat circle. The moment the battle began, it became intense.

The extraterrestrial elites were very powerful. Furthermore, when they were fighting in the energy overflow combat circle, they naturally had the replenishment of energy. It was easier for them to recover their strength.

However, the elite teams from the India Sector and the American Sector had already used the fortifications to set up a three-dimensional defense position. Although the fortifications that were built in a few hours were not large, it was enough for a battle of thousands of people.

Under such circumstances, the extraterrestrial elites were attacking forcefully. At that moment, there were many casualties. The casualty ratio even reached three to two. Three of the extraterrestrial elites would die in battle, while two of the humans would die in battle.

Although there were casualties, the situation was gratifying. Nilab, who was observing the battle from afar through his instant communication, had a happy expression. Similarly, the deputy director of the America Genetic Committee, Maiponeo, who was using other methods to observe the battle here, also had a smile on his face. The battle situation was much easier than he had imagined.

Due to the defensive position on the impact area, most of the people fighting now were elites from the India Sector. There were very few casualties among the elites of the American Sector. Maiponeo was very pleased that he had obtained 45% of the profits of a new base at a small price.

With this 45% profit, even if the Huaxia Sector successfully built a new base, it would not be able to widen the gap in national strength with the American Sector.

In other words, at this moment, even though the Black Eagle had already begun to attack forcefully, Maiponeo still firmly believed that the India Sector would succeed in establishing a Mars base.

In fact, this was a consensus. That was what everyone, including the Huaxia Sector, thought. This time, the difference between the India Sector successfully establishing a Mars base that belonged to them was how much they had to pay. After all, there was a limit to the number of extraterrestrial elites.

Previously, in the second energy overflow combat circle, they had been defeated by Xu Tui and his men. They had chased after them for 3,000 miles and killed more than 6,000 people.

Coupled with the scattered killings previously, they had lost more than 7,000 extraterrestrial elites. The India Sector would withstand another wave of attacks. This time, more than half of the extraterrestrial elites on the Mars battlefield would die.

The extraterrestrial elites also had intelligence and emotions. They had come to the Mars battlefield to cultivate and obtain benefits, not to die! For a time, the various alliances were paying attention to the battlefield of the number one energy overflow combat circle.

“Trash!”

A figure was moving on a hill five kilometers away from the first energy overflow combat circle. Yanzi and the other three were very good at blending into the background of Mars. They waited here, and almost no one noticed them.

Yanzi was furious, but her guard, Luo Hu, said anxiously, “Sir, let me take action. I will definitely help you take down this energy overflow tunnel.”