Chapter 589 - 589 Exploration And Heart Sword Heart Eye

589 Exploration and Heart Sword Heart Eye

The innermost circle of the first energy overflow combat area.

Yanzi, who was sitting cross-legged at the core of the energy overflow circle, suddenly opened her eyes and looked in the direction of the second energy overflow battle circle. Looking from this direction, she could still see the red pillar of light that soared into the sky.

The red pillar of light seemed to have fluctuated just now. But it only fluctuated for a moment. Looking from afar, the pillar of light was still there without any changes.

“Sir, is there a problem?” Cancheng, who was guarding at the side, suddenly asked.

!!

Yanzi looked at the red pillar of light that soared into the sky in the distance and shook her head gently. “I only feel that the fire-slip pillar of light seems to have fluctuated slightly. There shouldn’t be any problems.”

“Fire Slip Pillar?” Cancheng looked at the red pillar of light in the distance. He did not notice any changes at all. However, he could not suppress the curiosity in his heart. Ever since he had followed Lord Yanzi all the way here, he only knew that it was for a mysterious fire slip. However, he did not know what this mysterious fire slip did.

“Sir, what exactly is the use of this fire slip?” Canxheng, who could not suppress his curiosity, asked.

Yanzi raised her pretty eyes slightly, causing Cancheng’s expression to change. He quickly bowed. “Sir, I spoke too much.”

“There’s no need to do that. It’s normal. I’m not too sure what the use of the Fire Slip is either . According to the elder, different Fire Slips have different uses. However, he could confirm that any fire slip could at least make one become a Planetary realm powerhouse.

“Other than that, different fire slips had different special functions. Therefore, this Fire Slip from Mars was very important to our race. Especially its special function. It might be related to Mars,” Yanzi said.

Cancheng, Luo Hu, and Luo Chi were tempted at the same time. A fire slip could actually make a Planetary realm powerhouse. This alone was precious. Even in the Sacred Spiritual Race, a Planetary realm powerhouse was a true top-notch powerhouse and the most powerful existence.

Not to mention the special effects.

Suddenly, Cancheng had a thought. “Then if Lord Yanzi obtains this fire slip, does that mean that Lord Yanzi will definitely be able to step into the Planetary Realm in the future?”

Hearing this, Yanzi smiled. “That’s hard to say. However, if we really get the fire slip, even if they don’t give it to me in the future, there will be some rare benefits.” After saying that, Yanzi retracted her gaze. “Alright, the three of you can take turns to cultivate and recover. It’s still beneficial to cultivate here. I’ll seize the time to recover. After I recover, we’ll charge towards the second energy overflow tunnel and snatch the fire slip.

“Black Eagle, you can guide more low-level Mechanical Spirits and Fission Races. There’s a lot of Origin Energy here. Let these low-level servants grow quickly. It might be useful in battle later.”

The Black Eagle cultivating in the distance quickly agreed. The moment the Black Eagle responded, Yanzi closed her eyes. In an instant, energy gathered into Yanzi’s body from all directions, forming an energy vortex on the spot.

If Xu Tui saw this situation, he would realize that the situation of Yanzi recovering from her injuries and absorbing energy was comparable to the situation when An Xiaoxue broke through.

…

The second energy overflow combat circle.

The students from the various alliances who were cultivating and defending in the middle and outer circles only saw the red pillar of light flicker for a moment. There were no other changes. Most of them did not notice. Occasionally, those who paid attention would only glance at it before returning to their cultivation.

It had to be said that humans were really smart. Only a third of the students had a useless mind power Origin Crystal to cultivate.

However, for most of the students, they would use their useless mind power Origin Crystals to continuously absorb energy for an hour or two before the energy in their bodies would be almost saturated.

They needed to spend time activating the relevant genetic ability chains to absorb and strengthen them to improve themselves. The students who were close to each other had already begun to borrow useless mind power Origin Crystals from each other.

Some shrewd people had already started to rent out the useless mind power Origin Crystals for two hours per gram.@@novelbin@@

The students were cultivating in full swing.

In the inner circle, Xu Tui, Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, Feng Xuanbiao, Xiang Daoxing, Wang Lu, Lu Zongye, and the others were stunned.

The item had been taken out, but another red pillar of light came.

“This… You guys should be personally involved in the Millins incident. I want to confirm if there was one or two things that Millins threw in at that time.” Lu Zongye was puzzled.

“One. I saw it very clearly,” Xu Tui said.

“It should be one,” Yan Lie, who was not far away, said.

“One.” Zhao Hailong’s answer was also very consistent.

The three researchers frowned again. After the red ball in front of him was taken out, it emitted a faint red light. But when the origin energy spurt out, another red pillar of light shot out.

After studying it for a while, Wang Lu came to a conclusion. “This red ball should be artificial. However, the method is also very strange. It’s not a technological product. It should be a product of extraordinary power refinement. It’s very exquisite.

“According to the technique displayed above, the person who refined it is at least a Genetic Transmutation Realm expert,” Wang Lu judged.

“Can you track the creator?” Lu Zongye asked.

Wang Lu shook his head. “It should be possible at the beginning, but after a long time of being cleansed by the energy pillar, all kinds of personal auras have been washed away. We can’t find it.”

At the side, Feng Xuanbiao became anxious. “Professors, what’s with the red pillar of light that appeared in the tunnel?”

Feng Xuanbiao was naturally the most anxious since he had the mission to build the second Mars base.

Xiang Daoxing and the other two looked at each other. Lu Zongye suddenly said, “Is it possible that Millins threw one in but split it into two internally?”

“It’s possible, but the possibility is very small. It seems that I can’t determine anything based on my judgment. I’ll try to sense it with my mind power.”

Xiang Daoxing, Wang Lu, and Lu Zongye once again surrounded the entrance of the second energy overflow tunnel and began to sense it with their minds.

Lu Zongye was the first to stop. “I can’t feel it. My sensory range is limited. You guys do it.”

In less than 30 seconds, Xiang Daoxing and Wang Lu opened their eyes at the same time and shook their heads.

Xiang Daoxing looked at Xu Tui and waved at him again. “By the way, young student, what’s your name?”

Xu Tui was stunned. Was he very young? “Teacher, I’m 19 years old. I’m not young anymore.”

Xiang Daoxing was stunned. Then, he laughed. “Alright, student. Can you tell me your name?”

“My name is Xu Tui.”

Xiang Daoxing, Wang Lu, and Lu Zongye froze at the same time. The way they looked at Xu Tui became strange.

“You are Xu Tui?”

“Why? Do you have a problem?” Xu Tui did not understand.

Xiang Daoxing shook his head, then sighed softly. “As expected, reputation is not as good as meeting in person. I’ve heard of your name before. I didn’t expect you to be so young. You’re only a freshman, right?”

“First-year.”

“There are talents in every generation!” Lu Zongye, who had a bad impression of him just now, also sighed.

“Sigh, we are about to be slapped to death on the beach by you newbies.” Xiang Daoxing joked, causing Wang Lu and Lu Zongye to laugh at the same time.

“Come, come, come. In terms of mental perception, you might be stronger than us. Try and see if you can sense the source of this red pillar of light,” Xiang Daoxing called out to Xu Tui.

“Alright.” Xu Tui stepped forward and stood at the side of the second tunnel. He extended his mental perception downward.

Fifty meters.

A hundred meters.

A hundred and twenty meters.

When his mental perception reached a hundred and twenty meters, he encountered resistance. This resistance had been there from the beginning. The extremely high concentration of energy here was the greatest obstacle to mental perception.

However, Xu Tui still did not have the source of the red light here. It would be very difficult to probe further. His mental perception was like a willow catkin being blown by a violent wind. He could not move forward at all.

“You can’t do it anymore?” Xiang Daoxing’s heart tightened. If even Xu Tui, who was in front of him, could not do it, then the path of mental perception would probably not work.

After all, in the entire Mars battlefield, there were not many people below the Genetic Transmutation Realm whose mind power and mental perception could surpass the three of them.

“About a hundred and twenty meters. I can’t go down,” Xu Tui said helplessly.

A hundred and twenty meters? This distance shocked Xiang Xing, Wang Xiao, and Lu Zongye, but then they frowned. They knew what Xu Tui meant by can’t go any further.

“It’s indeed very difficult. Mental perception is formless, but it’s also impacted by a high concentration of Origin Energy. Without a point of force, it really can’t go down.” Xiang Daoxing sighed.

“Point of force?” These words suddenly enlightened Xu Tui. He suddenly took out his silver flying sword. “If I throw this into the tunnel, it shouldn’t trigger any abnormalities, right?”

“You want to use the flying sword as a point of force?” Xiang Daoxing’s eyes lit up. “This method is feasible. However, the mental connection between you and the flying sword has to be close. Under the impact of a high concentration of Origin Energy, your mental connection with the flying sword will be easily broken.”

“I have a mental chain.”

“Mental chain?”

Wang Lu was stunned. “You’re from Genetic Miracle?”

“Yes.”

“No wonder. No wonder your mental perception is stronger than ours. It turns out that you came from a Genetic Miracle.” Wang Lu sighed and said, “You can try it boldly.”

As he nodded, Xu Tui put away the silver flying sword and took out another secondary alloy flying sword that he had exchanged for previously. The silver flying sword was very important to Xu Tui. He would suffer a huge loss if he accidentally lost it.

He waved the alloy flying sword in his hand. “Commander Zhu, Commander Feng, if I lose this sword, will you reimburse me?”

Feng Xuanbiao was stunned. As an upright soldier, his first reaction was, “This… I want to ask for instructions!”

Zhu Lang smiled bitterly. “Yes! I’ll think of a way to reimburse you!”

“This is a flying sword made of Level A Mechanical Spirit Alloy…”

“Scram! Don’t brag too much!” Zhu Lang interrupted Xu Tui. “The main material of your silver flying sword is only a Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy. I still have some eye for details. This sword of yours…” Zhu Lang had a look of disdain.

“That’s the flying sword whose main material is Level B Mechanical Spirit Alloy.” Xu Tui grinned.

Zhu Lang looked at Li Zhen with a helpless expression. Xu Tui was addicted to taking advantage of others.

“Alright, if you really lose this flying sword, you’ll be reimbursed! According to you, it’s Level B!” Li Zhen agreed readily.

Xu Tui chuckled when he heard that.

By the side, Zhu Lang was a little anxious. “Old Li, we can’t get the reimbursement from Phobos for this. The Phobos’ Combat Command is not stupid. You can’t…”

Li Zhen rolled his eyes at Zhu Lang. “Are you stupid? If it really succeeds, how can the Huaxia Sector not reimburse this kid’s flying sword?”

Zhu Lang was speechless.

In the next moment, Xu Tui first threw out his mental chain onto the flying sword. Then, he placed a Spiritual Magnetic Marker on the flying sword. With the flying sword as the point of force, he slowly controlled the flying sword to fly into the second energy overflow tunnel.

The detection distance continued to extend as the flying sword flew down.

The flying sword was like a probe. Under the continuous impact of the violent energy flow, the situation in the tunnel was reflected in Xu Tui’s mind.

This situation made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. Why did this feeling feel a little like the Heart Sword Heart Eye?