Chapter 587 - 587 Interaction With An Expert

587 Interaction with an Expert

At the Moon India Sector’s general base. Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, stared at the communication image in front of him. Although he was looking at the image five kilometers away from him through the sky shuttle, Nilab could still get a general idea of the image after it was magnified through technical means. The scene in the video caused the veins on Nilab’s fingers to appear.

Heavy casualties!

The Planetary realm powerhouse, Itavi, who had just arrived, slowly lowered his eyes and let out an inaudible sigh. If there was no miracle, the operation to establish a Mars base of the India Sector would probably fail. Furthermore, it would fail inexplicably!

This torture lasted for a full ten minutes before it ended. Nilab asked anxiously when the pale-faced Sotum appeared on the communication screen again. “How are the casualties?”

“Sir…” Sotum’s voice trembled slightly. “Sir, 17 of our Genetic Evolution Realm experts died in battle, and 1,133 Genetic Mutation Realm experts died in battle. Currently, there are still 2,975 people left.

“Among the remaining people, excluding the minor injuries, about 500 of them are seriously injured and have lost their combat strength. Two hundred of them are in urgent need of medical treatment.”

This casualty number gave Nilab a chill. Thousands of people died in battle. They had lost a quarter of their members. There were also 500 people who had lost their combat strength. More than a third of the soldiers were injured.

The casualties were heavy.

“What about those extraterrestrial invaders? What are they doing after occupying the number one energy overflow tunnel? What about the Spiritual Race? What is the Spiritual Race doing?” Nilab asked.

“Sir, they are purely occupying the area. The Spiritual Race seems to have entered the innermost circle. I’m not sure what they want to do,” Sotum replied.

Hearing this, Nilab slowly sat back in his chair. Suddenly, he seemed to have lost all his energy and slumped into his chair. He failed! The extraterrestrial elites occupied the first energy overflow tunnel with their superior strength.

More than a third of the teams in the India Sector had lost their lives. If he wanted to recapture the first energy overflow tunnel, he would need the strong support of the other sectors. The hungry wolf of the American Sector had already retreated.

As for the other sectors? It was basically impossible for them to support the India Sector. Why should they sacrifice a lot to obtain the benefits that they could obtain just by lying down? As long as they followed behind, they would be able to enjoy the benefits. Why would they be so stupid to charge into battle for the India Sector?

Of course, if the India Sector was willing to give up 50% or even more of the benefits, perhaps the Russian Federation or the European Sector would be tempted. However, that would purely benefit someone else.

“Lord Itavi, why do you think this is happening?” Nilab asked weakly. If this operation failed, his status would be greatly affected.

Itavi also shook his head. “Under normal circumstances, the red pillar of light is still there. The second energy overflow combat circle is more attractive to them. But why did they come to the first combat area? Something must have happened that we don’t know about.”

Nilab remained silent. Wasn’t that the same as not saying anything?

“Nilab, give me the information rights to the Planetary Eye,” said Itavi suddenly, who was watching the replay of the battlefield video.

Nilab did not waste any time. He gave his authority. He quickly checked the intelligence diagram of the Planetary Eye. The Planetary Eye was not omnipotent. It could not detect all the extraterrestrial invaders, but it still had a certain level of reconnaissance ability against the stronger extraterrestrial invaders.

“Look, a portion of the alien elites that the Black Eagle took away is still slowly approaching the second energy overflow tunnel. It’s very slow. That’s not normal,” Itavi analyzed.

Hearing this, Nilab sat up abruptly again. He took a deep breath and began to analyze the situation again with Itavi.

“Look at the Genetic Evolution Realm experts among these dozens of extraterrestrial elites. Judging from the trajectory, it was moving toward the second energy overflow base when the Black Eagle turned around and charged toward the first energy overflow tunnel. They were very fast. However, they did not get close. They only paced around and kept moving. Do they look like scouts to you?” Itavi analyzed.

“Scout? It looks a little like it. Are they investigating the situation near the second energy overflow tunnel?” Nilab asked.

“That’s the only possibility. Otherwise, why would these extraterrestrial elites at the Genetic Evolution Realm run around the second energy overflow tunnel instead of attacking or cultivating at other energy fluctuation points? For digestion?” said Itavi.

Nilab’s eyebrows twitched. “Sir, do you mean that the Spiritual Race and the Black Eagle did not give up on the red pillar of light in the second energy overflow tunnel? It’s very likely that they will go to the second energy overflow tunnel again?”

“From the actions of their scouts and division of forces, it’s very likely! After all, it was not a problem for the number one energy overflow combat circle to accommodate 20,000 extraterrestrial elites. However, there were only 5,000 to 6,000 here.”

In an instant, Nilab became energetic. “So we still have a chance to build another Mars base?”

“If they leave, we have a chance!” said Itavi.

“As long as there’s a chance, we’ll wait.” Nilab, who had regained his focus, gave the order to rest. However, the matter of medical supplies made Nilab frown.

The India Sector did not have a base on Mars, so the medical resources they could have on Mars were very scarce. This was especially so for the base that treated the severely injured. However, the problem was that half or even two-thirds of the 200 to 300 severely injured people might die with their current medical resources.

Just as he was considering which base to look for help from, another communication channel rang.

“Sir, it’s a communication from Wei Bin, the person-in-charge of the extraterrestrial,” the staff officer said.

“Him? Answer it!”

“Wei, if you’re here to mock us, you can hang up.” Nilab was not polite at all.

“I’m very sorry about what happened to the India Sector. The information we received was very limited. However, based on the general intelligence, your alliance had suffered considerable casualties. There should be more injured.

“Therefore, we sent out two sky medical pods and a medical team of 40 people. They could undergo all kinds of emergency and serious treatment. They should be able to reach your location in 20 minutes,” Wei Bin said.

Wei Bin’s words stunned Nilab. He instinctively felt that it was impossible. However, his politician’s instincts made him understand that this should be true. There was no need for Wei Bin to tease him over such a matter. “What condition?”

There was indeed a precedent of enthusiastic assistance, but assistance could not be taken for nothing.

“The intelligence shows that the four people from the Spiritual Race who participated in the battle are extremely powerful, especially the leader, a woman named Yanzi. We need all-round video information on your battlefield. Especially the battle videos of this woman and the other three Spirits. I want comprehensive information.” Wei Bin did not waste any time and directly stated his conditions.

Politics was an exchange!

Nilab hesitated slightly. This combat video information was also very important to a certain extent. The India Sector was actually the pathfinder this time. Yanzi from the Spiritual Race was very powerful. However, from the battle just now, she was not invincible. As long as he studied it carefully, he could still find a way to deal with it.

Unfortunately, the time given to the India Sector in the previous battle was too short.

“Give it to him!” While Nilab was deep in thought, Itavi suddenly spoke. “Our own elites’ lives are very important! The two sky medical pods can reach in 20 minutes. It can save the lives of at least 100 seriously injured people!” Itavi said.

“I’ll gather combat videos and send them to you in about ten minutes.”

“Our two sky shuttles will arrive at your location in 20 minutes. If your location has changed, please inform me in time.”

“Okay.”

“Happy cooperation!”

After hanging up, Nilab was speechless! It was uncomfortable.

If Yanzi of the Spiritual Race could lead her men to attack the second battle area, causing huge casualties to the Huaxia Sector, that would be the best! But the conditions that Huaxia Sector gave were too tempting.

The two medical pods would arrive in 20 minutes. Clearly, he was prepared! Nilab had no problems requesting medical support from the other sectors. However, the time might be an hour later or even longer. The seriously injured could not wait!

…

After obtaining the combat information of the India Sector and Yanzi, three experts appeared at the second energy overflow tunnel. The auras on these three people were very powerful, especially their mind power fluctuations.

Xu Tui, who was cultivating, also sensed the arrival of the three experts. However, he ignored them. He continued to focus on his cultivation. Such a cultivation opportunity was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!

Cultivating at full strength for an hour was equivalent to using dozens of Origin Crystals to cultivate. Such a luxurious cultivation method was almost impossible under normal circumstances.

In more than an hour, Xu Tui had strengthened the other genetic ability chains of the School of Radiation Influence into Level 2 genetic chains.

Xu Tui had wanted to start strengthening the second genetic base point to Level 3. However, after thinking about it, Xu Tui began to strengthen the Major and Lesser Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain of the genetic ancient martial arts.

Previously, when he was strengthening the Vajra Tide Force Field, at least a third of the genetic base points in the Major and Lesser Heavenly Cycle Genetic Chain had already been strengthened to Level 2.

Therefore, there was not much left.@@novelbin@@

However, Xu Tui wanted to strengthen this mainly because he had an idea when he saw the counterattack ability of Cui Xi’s Vajra Tide Force Field.

Xu Tui’s mid-range attacks were very powerful. The Vajra Barrier was also very powerful in terms of defense. However, he lacked powerful attacks when the enemy got close.

The counterattack of the Vajra Tide Force Field, which was the Vajra Tide, was very worth considering. Everyone thought that Xu Tui was strong in the middle and long-range. If he got close, he would definitely be able to kill Xu Tui. Then, the Vajra Tide gushed out!

The scene should be beautiful.

Moreover, there was another more important reason. The defense of the Vajra Barrier was very strong, but it also required the support of a vigorous energy field. Other than the increase in energy field power over time, it was also the increase in the genetic chain. He would first stabilize the Vajra Barrier, then strengthen the next genetic base point to Level 3.

Xu Tui tried his best not to be affected by the three experts. However, the discussion of the three experts still affected Xu Tui.

“Did you notice that this red pillar of light is more like a strong red light source? Look, when I reached in with my palm, the pillar of light under my palm was red. However, the energy above my palm turned light blue,” one of the experts said.

“You mean, this is artificial?”

“Milins! Didn’t the previous report say that Millins threw something in? I think that it might be that thing that caused the red pillar of light to appear!”

“That’s very likely!”

“Then the problem now is, if we don’t take out that thing, will it affect our safety?”