Chapter 582 - 582 Special Mission Completed (2)

582 Special Mission Completed (2)

The students around him froze when they heard Xu Tui’s words. The students standing in the five inner circles were all stunned. There were many difficult things in this world. It was relatively difficult to spit out the meat in your mouth.

For a moment, no one moved. No one responded, but no one moved either. They were all looking at Xu Tui.

The size of the Origin Crystals they snatched in the five inner circles was more than three times the size of the Origin Crystals in the outer circle. Moreover, it was more frequent. It would drop once every hour or two in the outer circle, but it would drop about half an hour in the inner circle.

The benefits were five to ten times greater. Was it possible for them to give up just like that? Impossible!

!!

“You’re not retreating?” Xu Tui looked at the students who did not move in all directions. His expression turned cold. The flying sword vibrated slightly. Killing intent surged. However, no one gave way.

No one moved!

Many people already had the same thought. Kill us all if you have the guts! Why is the innermost circle your territory?

Xu Tui looked at the students who did not move at all. He suddenly smiled. “We are all from the Blue Star and are fighting for the Blue Star! Therefore, I will restrain myself again and explain this matter clearly.”@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui even waved at Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, and the other strategic coordinators as he spoke.

“Strategic coordinators, may I ask if I, Xu Tui, was the one who led people to conquer the five-circles territory in the second energy overflow combat circle? I killed Bu Luo, Huo Li, and the Golden Eagle. My teacher and I worked together to get the inner five circles, right?”

Most of the students avoided Xu Tui’s gaze. The eight strategic coordinators led by Zhu Lang and Li Zhen nodded. This matter was recorded on video. It made sense no matter where he went.

“Alright, this is the territory I took down. It’s my spoils of war! Then, I brought the elites of the Huaxia Sector, such as Zhao Hailong, Yan Xuejin, Luo Murong, and the others, and tore open the defense position of the alien elites in the second energy overflow combat circle. I led them to chase after the enemy for 3,000 miles and killed more than 200 alien elites! Is that the truth?” Xu Tui asked.

Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, and the other eight strategic coordinators nodded. These eight strategic coordinators came from all sectors. However, that was the truth. They could do nothing but approve.

“Then, does it meet the rules for me to retrieve my spoils of war now?” Xu Tui asked.

The eight strategic coordinators fell silent. Zhu Lang and Li Zhen could not answer because of their identities. All around them, the elite students did not say a word.

Damn it! Xu Tui gritted his teeth. One of them should stand out. He would then teach him a lesson and then it would be easy to unfold. However, they did not say anything and just looked at him. Aren’t they too shrewd?

Even though Xu Tui was bold, reasonable, and ruthless, he did not dare to kill so many students from different sectors. If he really killed all of them, Xu Tui would probably become a war criminal immediately.

In all directions, many elite students remained silent. It was as if they believed that the law could not punish everyone. No one moved.

Xu Tui was depressed. Were they planning to rely on others to eat him up? However, he would not let them go according to their wishes.

Since no one stood out. He, Xu Tui, would make someone stand out.

Xu Tui spread out his mind power magnetic field and spiritual radiation. The mental fluctuations of the hundreds of students around him appeared in his senses. Some were afraid, some were worried, some were dissatisfied, some were angry, and some were purely calm.

Xu Tui immediately chose a target. Spiritual resonance! Then there was Spiritual Concealment!

Xu Tui took the opportunity to speak. “Aren’t you going to move? If you don’t move, don’t blame me for being merciless!”

Almost at the same time, a student from the Africa Sector spoke angrily. “Why! Why should I give it to you? This is not your Huaxia Sector’s territory. Why should I give it up to you just because you say something?”

This student’s roar could be said to be a divine assist! Of course, this divine assist was activated under the influence of Xu Tui’s Spiritual Concealment.

“Why? I took down the territory here! I didn’t see you when I charged forward! You’re the one who picked up the benefits! If you have the ability, go for the alien invaders! What’s the point of being unreasonable in your home!” Xu Tui suddenly laughed in disdain. “Besides, you have no right to ask me!”

Boom! The mental hammer smashed down. The man fell to the ground. He fainted.

The students around him were shocked!

“Ten seconds! If you don’t retreat after ten seconds, don’t blame me for being merciless.” Xu Tui drew a time limit.

Xu Tui had just finished speaking when a student immediately spoke. “Xu Tui, isn’t it a waste for you to occupy such a large area of land?”

“I fought for this territory. What do you care about? Also, Zhao Hailong, Luo Murong, and the others who are chasing after the enemy are about to return! I’ll say it again. If you’re a man and want to get benefits, you can kill alien invaders. What was the point of snatching the spoils of wars of your own people?

“If all the Blue Star prodigies are like you, then it’s fine if I don’t fight for the title.” Xu Tui continued to mock them. At the same time, his spiritual resonance and spiritual concealment continuously silently magnified the emotions of some of the students present.

Suddenly, the strongest student in the European Sector, Dan Li, spoke. “I’m sorry, we did something wrong! The real spoils of war were obtained by killing the enemy, not by snatching their comrades. Let’s retreat!” As he spoke, Dan Li bowed to Xu Tui from afar. “Bring me along the next time you charge into battle!”

After saying that, Dan Li waved his hand. The students from the European Sector nearby retreated out of the inner five circles. The students were stunned. The students from the European Sector were indeed gentlemanly. But wasn’t Dan Li’s gentlemanly behavior a little too much? They actually withdrew from such huge benefits.

Dan Li, who had retreated, was also slightly puzzled. Why did he feel that something was wrong? His previous thought was to pretend not to say anything and take the benefits if he did not retreat. Why did he suddenly retreat?

However, this seemed to be his own decision. When he saw many students, including many beautiful ladies, giving him a thumbs-up for his gentlemanly actions, he suddenly became happy. Yes, he was a gentleman. A gentleman among warriors!

At the same time, the number one expert among the students of the Africa Sector, Lehman, also took the initiative to retreat under the influence of Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance and spiritual concealment.

In an instant, more than half of them retreated.

“We’re real men. Let’s kill the enemy!” Many bear-like men from the Russian Federation patted their chests. They retreated under the influence of Xu Tui’s spiritual resonance and Spiritual Concealment.

It was mainly because Xu Tui’s mind power was too powerful. Moreover, the Spiritual Concealment, Spiritual Resonance, and other genetic ability chains had also been partially strengthened. The impact was greatly enhanced.

The students nearby were silently affected by Xu Tui’s mental radiation. So they took the initiative to retreat. The remaining few students who were still insisting on not retreating, such as the students from the Yamato Sector and the Korean Star Sector, immediately panicked. They could still hold on if there were more people. Now that there were fewer people, the pressure instantly doubled.

Xu Tui’s gaze was like a knife.

Xu Tui did not need to use any Spiritual Resonance or Spiritual Concealment. The students could no longer withstand the pressure and retreated out of the inner five circles. He did not dare to take down hundreds of his own people on the battlefield. However, it was not a problem to take down dozens of them.

Especially since Dan Li and Lehman had set an example. He could take down dozens of them. As long as he did not kill them, they could not do anything to him even if they were able to cause a scene at the Phobos’ Combat Command or even sue him to the moon base. In the end, it would be a verbal battle.

Xu Tui’s battle merits were made of steel. He was the one who had conquered the territory. No one could deny it. As a result, the five inner circles were instantly emptied.

Xu Tui’s special mission had been completed. Not far away, Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, who had already begun to consider letting Xu Tui complete the special mission in the worst-case scenario, were suddenly stunned.

What was going on? Why were these students suddenly so gentlemanly? Did he use some kind of magic?