Chapter 590 - 590 The Appearance Of The Fire Slip

590 The Appearance of the Fire Slip

Xu Tui had been cultivating the Heart Sword Heart Eye for a long time. But because he had not cultivated it to the entangled state of mind power, he had not cultivated the Heart Sword Heart Eye yet.

However, he had vaguely achieved this state through the cooperation of the mental chain, the Spiritual Magnetic Marker, the flying sword, and his mental perception. Of course, this was not the true Heart Sword Heart Eye.

Still, there was a hint of the Heart Sword Heart Eye. It was quite useful for Xu Tui, who was cultivating the Heart Sword Heart Eye.

Under such circumstances, Xu Tui’s flying sword quickly probed downward.

!!

Two hundred meters.

Three hundred meters.

Five hundred meters.

Seven hundred meters.

He did not find the source of the red light even after he reached 800 meters. This made Xu Tui feel a little scared. Just how deep was this second Energy Overflow Tunnel? Even with the flying sword as the point of force, it was still a little strenuous to go 800 meters deep under the impact of the chaotic origin energy.

The mental chain also became unstable under the impact of the chaotic energy.

Nine hundred meters.

A thousand meters.

One thousand and eighty meters.

This was already the limit of Xu Tui’s mental perception. He still could not find the source of the red light. However, Xu Tui had a feeling that he was getting closer and closer to the source of the red light. He could vaguely sense a little heat through the flying sword. Moreover, the red light was getting thicker. The entire tunnel wall was red.

He had reached the end of his mental perception. However, Xu Tui’s mental chain could continue to probe downward. After the mental chain was strengthened to the Level 2 genetic ability chain, the distance was astonishing.

1,100 meters.

1,200 meters.

1,300 meters.

At 1,080 meters, Xu Tui’s mental perception had already lost its effect. He could only sense the surroundings through the Spiritual Magnetic Marker that was connected to the flying sword through the mental chain. It was a little like a blind person walking. He could not see the road, but he could sense it.

Xu Tui’s flying sword suddenly stopped when it was 1,300 meters away. There was something! He felt something ahead. It exuded heat and it was still moving.

Xu Tui controlled the flying sword and slowly approached it. Before he could get close, several streams of Origin Energy surged over.

Crack!

Xu Tui’s mental chain was broken. The flying sword fell. At the top of the crater, Xu Tui opened his eyes. Xiang Xingdao and the others had also sensed Xu Tui’s mental fluctuations. All of them looked at Xu Tui nervously.

“Did you find it, or didn’t you?”

“I might have found it, but the connection with the flying sword has also been cut off by the chaotic energy. The flying sword is gone.”

As he spoke, Xu Tui did not forget to glance at Li Zhen and Zhu Lang. His meaning was clear. Remember to reimburse him.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen did not know whether to laugh or cry.

“You found it? Is there a possibility of getting it up? As long as you can get it up, I’ll make the decision for your flying sword. I can reimburse eight to ten swords to you,” Xiang Daoxing said anxiously.

“If the thing I discovered is the reason for the appearance of this red pillar of light, then I’m afraid it’ll be very difficult to get it up as it’s already very difficult for me to see it.”

Everyone looked disappointed when Xu Tui said those words.

Xiang Daoxing did not give up. Instead, he looked at An Xiaoxue. “I heard from them just now that An Xiaoxue is your teacher. Why don’t you let your teacher try?”

This…

Xu Tui could not say it. To a certain extent, An Xiaoxue was strong in terms of Dimensional Explosion. In terms of mental perception, she should not be as good as Xu Tui. Moreover, Xu Tui’s genetic ability chain had almost been strengthened to Level 2.

Bian Yuan also cultivated the Myriad Sword Technique. If someone cultivated the Thousand Miles Sword Technique, there was still a high chance.

“If Xu Tui can’t do it, I definitely can’t either.” An Xiaoxue, who had been woken up, stunned everyone present.

“No, you’re a teacher. He’s a student, yet he can barely get close. You’re a teacher…”

“The direction of our cultivation is different.” An Xiaoxue was very calm in the face of Xiang Daoxing’s doubts. There were specializations in various fields. It was normal for a student to be stronger than her.

“Have you really reached your limit?” An Xiaoxue asked Xu Tui.

“Miss An, I’ve reached my limit. I even used the mind power enhancement.” Xu Tui smiled bitterly.

“You only used mental perception and a mental chain?”

Xu Tui nodded. “I’ve used everything I can.”

An Xiaoxue lowered her head and looked at the ground. She suddenly said, “Have you tried the original quantum frequency of the mountain in the School of General Senses?”

Xu Tui froze. “You mean Earth Perception?”

An Xiaoxue nodded.

“I’ll try it immediately.”

Xu Tui had forgotten about the Earth Perception in the original quantum frequency of the mountain. On the ground, the distance of his Earth Perception was further than his mental perception.

Almost instantly, Xu Tui cut into the original quantum frequency of the crater under his feet. His Earth Perception followed the tunnel all the way down. As his Earth Perception was directly extended into the mountain range, it was not affected by the chaotic energy flow in the tunnel at all.

Although the tunnel was hollow, there was still a large amount of earth-element materials inside the mountain. In other words, even if the tunnel was hollow, Xu Tui’s Earth Perception could roughly see the situation in the tunnel.

He extended his Earth Perception and instantly reached an extreme distance of 1,500 meters. Of course, this was because Xu Tui had his feet firmly planted on the ground and was sensing downwards. Otherwise, the distance would definitely be affected.

His Earth Perception slowly spread out along the tunnel wall. Suddenly, Xu Tui discovered a palm-sized object at a depth of 1,300 meters. It was rectangular in shape. The specific patterns could not be seen clearly, but its entire body was emitting a dazzling red light.

The clarity of his Earth Perception was far inferior to his mental perception. However, it was enough at this moment.

Xu Tui could basically confirm that the new red pillar of light was caused by this thing. However, how could he get it up? There seemed to be no way to get it up.

In theory, Xu Tui could use the Earth Spike and the Mountain Formula within the range of his Earth Perception. Although the energy turbulence here would greatly affect the ability to materialize, he should be able to make it move if he did it forcefully. It was impossible to use the earth spikes to get it up.@@novelbin@@

Break this thing with an earth spike? The outcome was unknown! So Xu Tui did not dare to be reckless.

After observing for a minute, Xu Tui roughly confirmed the situation. He was prepared to withdraw and discuss a solution with the experts. He found it, but he could not get it up. However, just as he was about to withdraw his Earth Perception, Xu Tui suddenly realized that the palm-sized rectangular object was moving.

It was rising! In an extremely chaotic and disorderly state, it rose by less than half a meter. This surprised Xu Tui. If that was the case, it could slowly jump out by itself. However, at this speed, that time…

Xu Tui made a discovery after observing for five minutes. The reason why this thing was rising was not because there were unknown forces. It was purely because it was constantly being pushed up by the energy turbulence here. It looked a little like a feather floating in a strong wind.

This palm-sized red object did not look light, but it was extremely hard. It continuously collided with the tunnel wall and did not shatter. Furthermore, the red light that shot out seemed to have a strange force field.

Suddenly, Xu Tui knew how he could send this thing up.

In the next moment, Xu Tui activated his mind power and an earth spike gently pierced out of the tunnel wall. He knocked it gently with a very ingenious force. In an instant, the red object charged more than ten meters upward under the impact and the impact of the energy.

Xu Tui was elated. It worked! One after another, the earth spikes continued to hit the red object. The red object rapidly rose in the tunnel. In just a few minutes, it had risen a few hundred meters and entered the range of a thousand meters.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry. He continued to charge forward. He continuously summoned earth spikes and collided with it. The higher it went, the easier it was for Xu Tui.

Eight hundred meters.

Six hundred meters.

Four hundred meters.

At three hundred meters, Xu Tui felt that the earth spikes were too strenuous. His mental perception instantly sank. It was originally a little difficult. However, with the cooperation of Earth Perception and the original quantum frequency of the mountains nearby, it was very easy for his mental perception to sink.

This made Xu Tui sigh. The combination of abilities was also very important. Sometimes, it might turn something rotten into something magical. If he had thought of the combination of Earth Perception and mental perception earlier, Xu Tui would not have lost a flying sword. Of course, it did not matter if he suffered losses. He would be reimbursed!

Xu Tui’s mental perception, along with his mind power, grabbed toward the red object like a large hand. He finally saw it clearly.

It was a red token that looked a little like jade. The patterns on it were very ancient and looked very mysterious. There seemed to be an inexplicable force field around it.

However, Xu Tui’s mind power easily landed on it.

The moment Xu Tui’s mind power landed on the red jade slip, an indescribable heat followed the jade slip and probed toward Xu Tui’s mind power. That feeling was like a living creature!

Xu Tui was shocked. He wanted to get rid of it. If a living creature invaded his mind, the outcome would be as terrifying as it could be.

Xu Tui instinctively wanted to get rid of it. He suddenly withdrew his mind power. At the same time, he activated his mind power domain to defend against it. However, the moment he withdrew his mind power, the red jade slip seemed to have stuck to Xu Tui’s body. It was instantly brought up rapidly from the tunnel.

Xu Tui’s mind power was extremely fast. He withdrew almost instantly. However, the red jade slip was also brought out of the tunnel in an instant. The moment it was brought out of the tunnel, the red light of the red jade slip hung down like a curtain.

In an instant, the entire crater shook violently. It was as if an earthquake had occurred. Everyone was shocked. The entire crater became extremely chaotic. However, the area enveloped by the red light screen was extremely stable.

At the same time, An Xiaoxue, Yan Lie, Xiang Daoxing, Wang Lu, Lu Zongye, Cui Xi, Zhao Hailong, Zhu Lang, Li Zhen, and Bian Yuan, who were covered by the red light screen, had strange looks in their eyes, including Xu Tui.

The screen of light hanging down from the red jade slip was abnormally magical. That red light screen seemed to be both Origin Energy and mind power. When it shone on their bodies, their entire bodies felt warm. Most importantly, all the genetic ability chains in their bodies had become active.

At the same time, an indescribably strange feeling surfaced in Xu Tui’s heart.

Xu Tui felt that the red jade slip was looking at him.