Chapter 598 - 598 The Mutation Of The Stab Formula And Breakthrough Interrupted (2)

598 The Mutation of the Stab Formula and Breakthrough Interrupted (2)

But because it was a Level 2 genetic ability chain, although he had injected enough energy, the increase in power was still very slow. However, three minutes later, a surprise appeared.

A little tail appeared.

A little tail suddenly appeared on the genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula.

Xu Tui was elated. Without hesitation, he instantly focused his mind power over. He felt a slight pain, and the gray genetic base point turned white. The genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula expanded slightly and fused with the newly activated genetic base point.

What would happen to the Stab Formula that had developed a new genetic base point? Xu Tui was puzzled. He gently tested out the Stab Formula’s ability, but he did not notice any changes. He once again cultivated the genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula. This time, he cultivated the Level 1 genetic base point that he had just activated with all his might.

Three minutes later, energy surged. Less than half a minute after the Level 1 genetic base point was strengthened to Level 2 silver, another small tail appeared.

Xu Tui did the same.

Three minutes later, the genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula became eight genetic base points. Furthermore, the newly fused genetic base points had also been strengthened to Level 2.

However, there were no more tails.

Xu Tui continued to try for a few more minutes, but he did not find any more little tails. It seemed that he could only develop two new genetic base points by developing the genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula.

However, what changes did the Stab Formula have?

This second tunnel was a construction site. Naturally, there were many corners. Xu Tui began to try the Stab Formula in an empty corner.

A row of earth spikes rose silently. There did not seem to be any changes. Xu Tui frowned. However, in just an instant, Xu Tui suddenly had a stunned expression. He could still continue to control it.

Previously, Xu Tui could not control the spikes at all after it was activated. But now, he could control the spikes after they rose.

Eight earth spikes suddenly rose side by side in the corner behind an earth cube, which were Xu Tui’s current limit.

In the past, Xu Tui would have dissipated the eight earth spikes at most after they pierced out. He would not have been able to control the other changes. But now, after the eight earth spikes pierced out, Xu Tui’s mind power could still control them to undergo a series of changes.

After trying for a minute or two, Xu Tui revealed a pleasantly surprised expression. After the genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula was developed again, the changes were pleasant. In the past, the Stab Formula was straight. Now, it could even bend after stabbing out.

The spikes could turn. Initially, you thought that it was your stomach that was stabbed. However, the spike turned and your chest became the target.

Soon, Xu Tui realized that there were miraculous changes to the development of the Stab Formula. The eight earth spikes bent and twisted inward at the same time, instantly forming an earth spike prison.

A restriction!

It could impose very strong restrictions on the enemy. The development of the Stab Formula went from a single offensive ability to a tactical ability that could attack and restrict. This improvement was really, really practical.

Xu Tui was pleasantly surprised. He began to search for the genetic ability chain with the strongest genetic fluctuations in his body again. He observed the area with his illusory introspection and realized that the remaining genetic ability chains did not seem to have any particularly strong genetic fluctuations.

However, with his experience with the Stab Formula, Xu Tui immediately chose a genetic ability chain and began to cultivate.

This time, Xu Tui chose the Genetic Ability Chain of the mental whip.@@novelbin@@

He wanted to see if he could develop one or two small tails under the light of the red screen like the mental perception and the Stab Formula genetic ability chain and strengthen this genetic ability chain again.

Five minutes later, there was still no movement from the genetic ability chain. However, Xu Tui could sense that the red fire slip seemed to have undergone an extremely strange change.

For a moment, Xu Tui sensed that the red fire slip hanging in the air had become exceptionally dangerous. At that moment, even An Xiaoxue was shocked. The aura emitted by the red fire slip was very dangerous. However, this dangerous aura only appeared for a moment before disappearing.

It was also because of this that Xu Tui had been paying attention to the red fire slip with his mental perception. Unknowingly, the aura of the red fire slip had become gentle.

Xu Tui even had the illusion that he was friendly. There was a faint inexplicable fluctuation emanating from the red fire slip. It had an inexplicable attraction to Xu Tui. He tried to use his penetration perception.

However, his penetration perception was ineffective. He could only sense with his mind power. If he did not make any substantial contact with his mind power, he would not be able to discover anything.

Still, he was still very reserved.

He tried to develop the genetic ability chain of the mental whip again, but there was no reaction. While Xu Tui continued to focus on his training, his mind power began to slowly come into contact with the red fire slip.

It was an extremely tiny wisp of mind power. At the same time, he activated his mind power domain to defend himself. The mind power that was reaching for the red fire slip was ready to contract at any time.

It was also at this moment that the energy around Xiang Daoxing, who was cultivating with his eyes closed, suddenly spun like a whirlwind. Xiang Daoxing floated up into the air without exerting any strength. His entire body was dazzling.

Xu Tui did not know what had happened. However, Xiang Daoxing suddenly opened his eyes and exclaimed, “What-what the hell. I think I’m about to break through. I’m about to break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm.”