Chapter 595 - 595 Genetic Fluctuation And Regret (2)

595 Genetic Fluctuation and Regret (2)

Although they did not say anything, they all looked at An Xiaoxue gratefully. What was a brilliant teacher? An Xiaoxue was a perfect example! She could point out a direction at the critical moment. Suddenly, many people became a little jealous of Xu Tui. He had a teacher like An Xiaoxue. Most importantly, she was f*cking beautiful! She looked like an immortal!

Almost at the same time, everyone in the red light screen began to try according to An Xiaoxue’s instructions. This included the three researchers, Xiang Daoxing, Wang Lu, Lu Zongye, Zhu Lang, and Li Zhen. They also started to experiment according to An Xiaoxue’s instructions.

In less than 30 seconds, Cui Xi’s body suddenly erupted with a dazzling light. The energy that surged into his body suddenly formed a small vortex. The Vajra Barrier instantly surged out and almost materialized. It was unknown what had changed.

Seeing this, the others became even more focused. It was the same for Bian Yuan and An Xiaoxue. Everyone realized that today’s opportunity was probably a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

An Xiaoxue had spoken to everyone just now, but the words were meant for Xu Tui. The others had benefited from Xu Tui.

After listening to An Xiaoxue’s guidance, Xu Tui instantly entered the illusory introspective state. Under the illusory introspective state, all the genetic ability chains in Xu Tui’s body could be seen at a glance.

Genetic ability chains that were like the Milky Way kept flickering in Xu Tui’s body. However, the most glaring and dazzling genetic ability chain was the mental perception genetic ability chain.

Xu Tui was a little surprised. He instantly found the most active genetic ability chain in his body that An Xiaoxue had mentioned. However, it was the genetic ability chain of mental perception. Why was it not the mental whip or the Mountain Formula genetic ability chain that was used the most?

In the next moment, Xu Tui’s expression suddenly froze. Even his expression became stunned. Under the illumination of the red light screen, a small tail appeared behind the extremely active mental perception genetic ability chain.

There was an unactivated gray genetic base point beside one of the genetic base points in the mental perception genetic ability chain. It was flickering rhythmically with the mental perception genetic ability chain.

What was this? Xu Tui was a little confused. Could this be the power fluctuation of the bloodline that An Xiaoxue had mentioned? Should he activate it?

Xu Tui hesitated for a moment. This hesitation turned into a decision in an instant.

Xu Tui’s mind power is very powerful now. Although he had not reached the Genetic Evolution Realm, the genetic base points and genetic ability chains in his head had become more stable after he activated so many genetic base points.

Even if he activated a wrong genetic base point and suffered a backlash, he would at most be severely injured and not die. Moreover, the possibility of an accident happening when this genetic base point moved rhythmically with his mental perception was very small.

Xu Tui tried to activate it. He first used the method of developing new genetic base points that Luo Shifeng had taught him. He slowly developed it. If he had a bad feeling, he would stop.

With a thought, his mind power slightly gathered on the genetic base point that was connected to his mental perception. The moment Xu Tui gathered his mind power, Boom!

The high concentration of energy from the outside world swirled into Xu Tui’s body. He felt his head tighten. After the extremely slight pain, the genetic base point instantly lit up.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui’s mental perception genetic ability chain underwent a series of magical changes. The silver chain that had been strengthened to Level 2 silver genetic ability chain suddenly trembled and absorbed the newly activated genetic base point.

In an instant, the mental perception genetic ability chain, which originally only had 11 genetic base points, became 12 genetic base points. The new white Level 1 genetic base point was exceptionally eye-catching.

Xu Tui could sense that his mental perception had changed slightly. However, he could not sense any special changes. The Level 2 silver chain connected with the Level 1 white genetic base point. The aura of this white genetic base point continued to grow.

Xu Tui felt that if this continued, this Level 1 white genetic base point would also be strengthened to Level 2 silver under the nourishment of the Level 2 silver chain in two to three years.

Xu Tui was thinking about whether he should strengthen the newly activated genetic base point related to mental perception to Level 2 silver while he had sufficient Origin Energy. Just as he was about to do it, Xu Tui suddenly noticed a small tail moving rhythmically.

Another gray tail was pulsating on the mental perception ability chain of the 12 genetic base points that had just been formed.

With his previous experience, Xu Tui activated the gray genetic base point almost instantly. The genetic chain of mental perception flashed slightly and absorbed the newly activated genetic base point into its genetic chain.

Just as Xu Tui was observing if any new tails had been born, the mental perception genetic ability that had become 13 genetic base points suddenly fluctuated violently.

At the same time, the four genetic base points in Xu Tui’s head seemed to respond. With every violent flicker, an activated genetic base point would be absorbed into the mental perception genetic ability chain.@@novelbin@@