Chapter 597 - 597 The Mutation Of Stab Formula And Breakthrough Interrupted (1)

597 The Mutation of Stab Formula and Breakthrough Interrupted (1)

Xu Tui used his fusion mental perception to carefully observe everyone in the red light screen. He had a more comprehensive judgment of the mental perception with the newly fused six genetic base points.

The original perception and range of his mental perception did not increase. However, it added a completely new sensory ability.

Before this, Xu Tui’s mental perception was only used to observe the entire environment. If his mental perception was focused on a certain spot for more than three seconds, it would have the effect of a penetrating perception.

However, after fusing six new genetic base points, his perception of humans or living beings had greatly increased. It was a little like an origin energy detection. He could roughly sense the distribution of energy in the target’s body, the key energy direction, and even the energy structure.

This ability looked very useless at first glance. However, it was very powerful in actual combat. The weakest defense in a cultivator is where the weakest energy distribution in Xu Tui’s mental perception. Through this mental perception, Xu Tui could even determine the direction of the other party’s attack and intentions through the direction of the energy in his body.

99% of the people could only determine the target and direction of the opponent’s attack before it attacked. However, Xu Tui could make a certain judgment the moment the energy in his body began to circulate.

It was a divine skill! These words suddenly appeared in Xu Tui’s mind. To be able to find the enemy’s weakness in battle and even determine the enemy’s attack direction in advance was definitely a divine skill.

Up until now, Xu Tui’s mental perception had three branch abilities. One was mental perception, and the other was penetration perception. The third branch ability was the ability he obtained after fusing with the new genetic base points today.

Xu Tui called it energy perception. The genetic fluctuations produced by the red light screen were really useful. It immediately greatly enhanced Xu Tui’s mental perception. However, he greedily thought of another possibility.

Under the illumination of this red light screen, the genetic ability chain with the strongest genetic fluctuations could be related to the development of new genetic base points. What about the genetic ability chain with the strongest genetic fluctuations? Was it possible to develop new abilities?

This was a rare opportunity. Such an opportunity to develop the genetic ability chain that had already been developed was very rare.

Based on what Xu Tui knew, the Blue Star did not have any public research in this area currently. Even if there was, it would probably not be replicated or made public.

It was just like Xu Tui’s mental perception. He now had three branch abilities. Wasn’t he strong? He was extremely strong! It was also very practical!

However, could it be replicated on others? No!

So far, Xu Tui has activated the genetic base points related to his mental perception. However, it was impossible for others to locate the genetic base points before activating them. It was impossible for An Xiaoxue, who also had introspection, to activate it.

This opportunity was extremely rare.

With a thought, Xu Tui entered a meditative state again. He then entered the illusory introspective state.

Xu Tui cut into the illusory introspection and saw the specks of genetic base points and genetic ability chains in his body. He suddenly had a thought. When he used his energy perception to look at the others just now, he actually had a feeling of introspection.

However, under normal circumstances, introspection looked at oneself, while energy perception was a little like using introspection to look at others. Or even use illusory introspection.

If that was the case, didn’t that mean that there were key genetic base points that could activate introspection or illusory introspection among the four genetic base points that were still undergoing long-term research and observation?

The genetic base points related to introspection or illusory introspection were either in the four unknown genetic base points that had been fused or in the remaining two unknown genetic base points.

Xu Tui was still helpless. He could not replicate it. In the future, when Xu Tui’s abilities improved, he might even be able to use a cloning device to create hundreds of clones. If he could reproduce the genetic base points of this introspection or illusory introspection, it would be an invention that transcended the times for the entire Blue Star genetic newcomers.

After memorizing these key points, Xu Tui began to search for other genetic ability chains with stronger genetic fluctuations in his body under the illusory introspective state.

Soon, Xu Tui found a genetic ability chain that shone with silver light and had very strong genetic fluctuations. It was also Level 2 and had six genetic base points.

It was the Genetic Ability Chain of the Stab Formula.

Xu Tui immediately frowned. The fluctuations of the genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula were also very strong. However, it did not give Xu Tui a little tail like the mental perception genetic ability chain, which had the strongest genetic fluctuations.@@novelbin@@

Could it be that he could only develop another genetic ability chain under the illumination of this red light screen?

Xu Tui was not in a hurry as he pondered. He began to cultivate the Stab Formula according to the method An Xiaoxue had taught him. In an instant, the energy absorbed by the body was focused on the Stab Formula.

It was also at this moment that the red light screen that enveloped or soaked Xu Tui’s body seemed to have gathered on the Stab Formula. The entire genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula expanded rhythmically, and silver light connected.

The entire genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula began to rapidly strengthen.