Chapter 596 - 596 Genetic Fluctuation And Regret (3)

596 Genetic Fluctuation and Regret (3)

After flashing four times in a row, four of the activated genetic base points were absorbed into the mental perception genetic ability chain.

Suddenly, a change took place.

The genetic ability chain of mental perception became a genetic ability chain with 17 genetic base points. Among the 17 genetic base points, 11 were Level 2 silver. The six new genetic base points were all Level 1 white. Two of the six new genetic base points were activated today. The other four were the kind that had been activated a long time ago and had unknown effects.@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui suddenly became dumbfounded when he recalled that moment. These four activated genetic base points that had been fused seemed to be four of the eight genetic base points that he had observed for a long time.

After Xu Tui was injected with the Genetic Liberation Elixir, eight of the 15 genetic base points he activated were of unknown use. However, Xu Tui had concluded that his illusory introspection must have come from these eight genetic base points.

He set up a long-term project in studying which of these eight genetic base points was his illusory introspection. There was not much progress after that. Out of the eight suspicious genetic base points, two genetic base points were confirmed. The scope narrowed to six. However, there was no further progress after that.

Today, four of the six genetic base points in the long-term observation project had fused with the mental perception ability chain. Did that mean that the remaining two genetic base points might represent an illusory introspective ability?

While he was puzzled, Xu Tui also began to sense the changes in his mental perception. His mental perception genetic ability chain had increased by six genetic base points. He had also fused four genetic base points with unknown effects.

What new changes would there be? He would know if the food was delicious after he tasted it. He could only tell if her skin was smooth just by touching it. If there were any changes to an ability, it was best to use it.

Xu Tui activated his mental perception. He was stunned almost instantly. His mental perception had become different from before. His mental perception instantly spread with the red light screen. Everyone’s aura landed in Xu Tui’s mental perception.

Strangely, his mental perception seemed to have become dynamic. Whether it was humans or the rest of the space, the range of his mental perception, especially the energy fluctuations, became clearer.

However, an even more shocking change happened to a person. For example, the energy field power flowing around Cui Xi’s body formed a closed loop. There were 12 such closed loops in Cui Xi’s body.

Xu Tui did not understand at first. But he knew what it was after that. This might be the genetic ability chains that Cui Xi had already activated. Cui Xi might have activated 12 genetic ability chains.

“Brother Cui, did you activate a total of 12 genetic ability chains? If so, nod?” Xu Tui suddenly sent Cui Xi a mental message.

Cui Xi, who was cultivating, was stunned. He nodded slightly when he looked at Xu Tui.

Xu Tui’s judgment was correct. He used his mental perception to look at the others, then at Cui Xi. He realized that the mental perception after the fusion was indeed different. Other than being able to see Cui Xi’s genetic ability chains, he could also see the distribution of the energy field in Cui Xi’s body.

Which part had more energy field power, which part had less energy field power, which part was thick, which part was thin, which part was not covered by energy field power, and the intersection of energy field power. He could sense it clearly with the mental perception that had six new genetic base points.

This mental perception seemed to be able to see through the illusions and even weaknesses of other people’s energy fields.

Xu Tui was stunned when he thought of this. Not only could his mental perception after the fusion sense the strengths of others, but he could also discover their weaknesses?

A series of thoughts suddenly occurred to Xu Tui. Why would there be such a change? Xu Tui felt a little regretful. Why wasn’t it X-ray vision? Wouldn’t it be better to have a X-ray vision?