Chapter 599 - 599 The Mutation Of Stab Formula And Breakthrough Interrupted (3)

599 The Mutation of Stab Formula and Breakthrough Interrupted (3)

“Old Xiang, you’re breaking through here? Under the energy tide, even if you are not torn into pieces, you will be severely injured!” Wang Lu exclaimed.

“I… I don’t know either. Under the illumination of this red light screen, I seem to be able to suddenly break through. I could not stop. I can’t stop myself.” Xiang Daoxing smiled bitterly.

Breaking through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm from the Genetic Evolution Realm was a joyous occasion that all Genetic Evolution Realm cultivators dreamed of. However, it would be very awkward if Xiang Daoxing broke through during the energy tide on the Mars battlefield. If anything went wrong, the happy occasion would turn into a funeral!

“This…”

Wang Lu, Lu Zongye, Zhu Lang, and Li Zhen were all anxious. They really did not know a way to interrupt the breakthrough of a Genetic Evolution cultivator. Everyone had racked their brains to find an opportunity to break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm. Who would research a way to interrupt the break through for no reason?

As the aura of Xiang Daoxing became stronger, the Origin Energy in all directions also became more and more violent. It seemed to be showing signs of forming an Origin Energy storm. At this rate, before Xiang Daoxing could complete his breakthrough, the energy storm formed here would tear him apart.

Xiang Daoxing was anxious. He could not stop.

The others had no choice.

“Miss An, Miss An, does your Genetic Miracle have a way to stop the breakthrough? Save me.” Xiang Daoxing was really anxious!

After cultivating for decades, he was finally about to break through under the genetic fluctuations triggered by the red light screen. But it was during the energy tide on the Mars battlefield! He felt like crying. This was too f*cking tragic!

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen were dumbfounded. If an origin energy storm formed at the center of the second energy overflow tunnel, the consequences would be…@@novelbin@@

An Xiaoxue was also frowning and thinking hard in the face of Xiang Daoxing’s request for help. There was no way to stop the breakthrough. However…

“Xu Tui, why don’t you try it out?”

“Me?” Xu Tui was stunned. He did not know how to stop the break through.

“That’s right. Give him a good beating and see if you can stop it.”

An Xiaoxue’s words made Xu Tui instantly react. An Xiaoxue was asking him to use violence to stop him.

“This… Miss An, I don’t know the consequences if I really hit him hard.” Xu Tui was a little worried.

At the side, Xiang Daoxing, who was already at the center of the fledgling origin ability storm, became anxious. “Student Xu Tui, feel free to try! No matter what the consequences are, I’ll accept it. I’ll remember your help. If there’s a problem, I won’t find trouble with you!” He had no choice but to trust An Xiaoxue’s judgment.

“Those are your words.”

Three seconds later, Xu Tui’s mental hammer materialized and slammed into Xiang Daoxing’s head. Xiang Daoxing spat out blood on the spot. His mind trembled and he fainted. The moment Xiang Daoxing fainted, he fell to the ground. The fledgling origin energy storm that had just formed also dissipated on the spot.

His breakthrough was stopped!

They did not know if there were any side effects to Xiang Daoxing’s breakthrough, but his breakthrough had been stopped. At the same time, Xu Tui’s wisp of mind power suddenly carefully touched the red jade slip hanging in the air.

Suddenly, a red light shone!

…

Not far away from the combat circle of the first Energy Overflow Tunnel, the intelligence reconnaissance personnel of the India Sector reported to Commander Sotum in surprise.

“General, the people of the Sacred Spiritual Race are leaving!”

“They’re really leaving?” Sotum stood abruptly. “Which direction did they go?”

“General, they’re really leaving. From the looks of it, it should be in the direction of the crater in Area 24 where the second energy overflow tunnel is.”

“Alright! That’s great!” Sotum was overjoyed. “Order everyone to enter the innermost circle of the first energy overflow tunnel. Get the combatants to carry out defensive missions. Get the engineering team to gather all their strength to solidify the energy overflow tunnel. The 8th to 14th combat teams are also assigned to the engineering team to assist them in their construction missions.”

As the engineering unit of the India Sector began to solidify the energy overflow tunnel in the innermost circle of the first energy overflow combat circle, Sotum excitedly reported this situation to Nilab.

India Sector’s chance had finally arrived!