Chapter 591 - 591 Chance (1)

591 Chance (1)

The first energy overflow tunnel.

When the red jade slip was pulled out of the second energy overflow tunnel by Xu Tui, the red pillar of light disappeared and turned into a red light screen that enveloped him. Yanzi, who was absorbing energy with all her might to recover, suddenly opened her eyes.

The energy that had gathered but suddenly stopped the absorption formed a small whirlwind. Yanzi stared in the direction of the second energy overflow tunnel,

at the pillar of light that suddenly disappeared and the red light screen. Looking from afar, the sky near the second energy overflow tunnel was dyed red.

!!

“How could this be? It appeared so early?”

Yanzi suddenly stood up and exclaimed, “That’s impossible!” Even though she was shocked, Yanzi had no choice but to accept the phenomenon in the distance.

This was especially so when Yanzi closed her eyes and activated the secret technique of sensing the fire slip that the elder had taught her. The power fluctuations of the fire slip became exceptionally clear. It was not as blurry and vague as before.

This represented a possibility—the Fire Slip had already appeared.

Cancheng, Luo Hu, Luo Chi, and Luo Qi stood up as Yanzi stood up.

“Call Black Eagle over,” Yanzi suddenly said.

Then, the Black Eagle cultivating in the distance quickly came forward. “Lord Envoy, what instructions do you have?”

“The situation has changed. Bring all the warriors and gather at the second energy overflow tunnel in the shortest time possible. Bring everyone! All the warriors here, including those in other places, have to gather,” Yanzi said.

“Understood.” Black Eagle agreed readily.

“How long?”

“Lord Envoy, based on the current distance and the evasion on the road, it will take about an hour,” Black Eagle said.

“Too slow!”

“This… If we gather on a large scale, we will be easily covered by the human cannons and will suffer greater losses,” Black Eagle explained.

“Forty-five minutes. I want you to lead everyone and gather at the second energy overflow tunnel within 45 minutes. In 45 minutes, I’ll launch a general attack there. If less than 10,000 warriors arrive, you don’t have to go back.”

Although Yanzi looked a little weak, her words were exceptionally strong and murderous. The words “you don’t have to go back” made Black Eagle shiver. Black Eagle was a genius in the Mechanical Spirit Race and had a certain status. However, he was nothing in front of this envoy of the Sacred Spiritual Race.

Just as Black Eagle was in shock, Yanzi said, “If you gather enough warriors to help me win, I’ll give you a chance to cast a spirit when you go back.”

Yanzi seemed to understand the logic of giving a sweet date after a slap. She could not just rely on punishment. There had to be a reward.

Black Eagle’s expression changed when he heard that. A chance to cast a spirit! That was an opportunity that all Mechanical Spirits dreamed of. As long as he could cast a spirit once, he, Black Eagle, would become a noble among the Mechanical Spirits and a natural high-grade Mechanical Spirit.

If he made enough contributions, if he could forge a Sacred Spirit in the future…

“Lord Envoy, don’t worry. Black Eagle will definitely do his best!”

“Go on.” Yanzi was very satisfied with Black Eagle’s performance.

Less than a minute after the Black Eagle left, the extraterrestrial elites who had been cultivating in the number one energy overflow combat circle stepped onto the floating mechanical spirit beasts and flying fission beasts under the accurate command of the Black Eagle and quickly left.

In just a minute, all of the extraterrestrial elites in the number one energy overflow combat circle, except for Yanzi and the other three, had left.

“Sir, what about us?” Cancheng asked.

“The Fire Slip has appeared in advance. With our speed, we can reach the second energy overflow combat circle in less than 30 minutes. We’ll set off ten minutes later to fight for the fire slip.” As Yanzi spoke, she sat down cross-legged again and seized the time to recover.

“Sir, your injuries?” Cancheng asked worriedly.@@novelbin@@

“Sir, if the Fire Slip appeared in the second tunnel, would it have already fallen into the hands of the humans? If we delay too long, there might be a problem. Why don’t we rush over and try to execute the beheading operation?” Luo Hu asked.

“I’ve only recovered 80% of my injuries. I haven’t completely recovered. This is also the reason why I didn’t immediately execute the beheading operation to snatch the fire slip. Of course, not all of them.” After saying that, Yanzi looked into the distance. “The tenacity and growth speed of the Blue Star humans are stronger than everyone expected.

“The earliest plan of the advance army a hundred years ago was to occupy the Blue Star within a year and implement their plan. However, in reality, a hundred years had passed. The advance bases of the advance army had been destroyed one by one.

“Including the blue fortress that was sent over the earliest, the moon that was occupied was either destroyed or taken away by the Blue Star humans. Even Mars, the trial battlefield, was about to be completely occupied by the Blue Star humans. Over the past hundred years, anyone in the alliance who looked down on the Blue Star humans had suffered greatly.

“We should be more cautious. Even if they get the Fire Slip, the Fire Slip is not something they can use just because they want to. Perhaps the Fire Slip will bring them destruction!” Yanzi said.

“Destruction?” Luo Hu was a little confused. Wasn’t the Fire Slip a treasure? How could it bring about destruction?

“I’m not sure about that either. However, according to the elders, in the previous few times when the Fire Slip appeared, someone did not manage to completely control the Fire Slip in a short period of time due to the limitations of their strength and methods. It caused the fire slip to explode. It could be said that there were heavy casualties.”