Chapter 594 - 594 Genetic Fluctuation And Regret (1)

594 Genetic Fluctuation and Regret (1)

In a mysterious hall somewhere, light gradually rose. Countless information streams flashed on the screens in all directions. Some of the information streams continued to flicker, while others seemed to have been stuck and stopped in place. The notifications on the hundreds of screens in all directions flashed for a full ten minutes.

Ten minutes later, the first message popped up on the main screen.

“After testing, the main body of the Mars base has been damaged and cannot be awakened. However, the fire core of the Mars base has been released due to the loosening of its structure.”

…

!!

“Verifying whether or not the fire core has escaped.”

“After verification, the fire core has been released.”

“Detected the fire core state. The escape state is illegal. The self-destruction program has been activated. Final confirmation.”

“Long-term observation target number 37 has been detected at the area of the fire core.”

“Conflict of rules. Activate the evasion program. Long-term observation target number 37 first. Self-destruction program terminated.”

“The regulations have been implemented on how to deal with the fire core that has been detected. In order to prevent ourselves from being captured, Number One, please give us your instructions immediately.”

“No instructions from Number One. Activate the backup program.”

“Fusion, remove the key information, escape, and self-destruct. Long-term observation target number 37 met the fusion conditions. Priority selection for fusion.”

“Warning, this is the last fire core of the Mars base. The last fire core will leave the Mars base and open the tunnel. There is a program conflict, fusion is the only choice.”

“Partial fusion order passed.”

“Partial fusion order has been issued.”

…

At the second tunnel.

The red fire slip hung 100 meters in the air. A red light screen with strange fluctuations poured down, covering an area of about 100 meters. The 100-meter radius was the position of the three inner circles. Unfortunately, because of the construction, there were not many students in the three inner circles.

There were only a dozen or so Huaxia Sector students. Under the cover of the fire curtain, everyone could sense that the genetic ability chains in their bodies had become extremely active. Outside the fire curtain, some smart students wanted to rush in, but the fire curtain was like an invisible barrier that they could not enter.

Xu Tui had a surprised expression. Previously, he had almost been chased out of the tunnel by the strange feeling of the red fire slip. As a result, he brought the fire slip out of the tunnel. However, the mental connection between Xu Tui and the red fire slip did not break.

Through the mental connection, Xu Tui’s perception of the fire slip became even sharper. It was a living creature. For a moment, Xu Tui felt that the red fire slip seemed to be looking at him. It was as if there was an inexplicable power touching his mind power.

However, Xu Tui had already calmed down. He was not in a hurry. On the contrary, the changes in his body surprised Xu Tui even more. All the genetic ability chains in his body became active under the cover of the red light screen. It was more active than ever.

The red light screen seemed to be able to seep into Xu Tui’s body. It caused all the Level 2 genetic ability chains in Xu Tui’s body to flicker. Level 2 genetic ability chains shone with silver light like the stars in the Milky Way. At the same time, Xu Tui felt a slight swelling pain in his head. His mental perception ability became unprecedentedly active.

This made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. It seemed that the genetic base points of his mental perception had changed.

With a thought, Xu Tui entered a meditative state.

An Xiaoxue suddenly opened her eyes the moment Xu Tui entered the illusory introspective state. She first looked at the red screen, then at the students inside. Yan Lie, Zhao Hailong, Cui Xi, Luo Murong, Li Zhen, Chu Wei, and the others were at a loss under the illumination of the red light screen.

Previously, Luo Murong, Chu Wei, Li Zhen, Miao Huanshan, and the others had all made contributions while they were attacking the defensive positions of the extraterrestrial elites and cooperating with Xu Tui’s attack.

Therefore, after returning, even though the five inner circles were construction sites, they were still arranged by Zhu Lang and Li Zhen to cultivate in some corners. At this moment, most of them were included in this light screen.@@novelbin@@

They could sense the activity of the genetic ability chain in their bodies, but they were at a loss.

An Xiaoxue suddenly spoke when she saw the confused expressions of many students. “This red light screen is a kind of high-level energy and mind power. Under normal circumstances, only the power of a quasi-planetary or planetary-level martial artist can transform into this power under a certain state.

“However, the power fluctuations emitted by this red light screen exceeded the power of a quasi-planetary or planetary-level martial artist. In my senses, the power fluctuations of the red light screen seemed to be summoning some of the most basic fluctuations in our bodies. Or rather, the power fluctuations emitted by the red light screen seemed to be able to cause some of the most basic power fluctuations in our bodies.

“In short, this power seemed to be able to trigger the genetic fluctuations hidden in the depths of our bloodline. Find the most active genetic ability chain you feel now. Use the cultivation method you know to cultivate it and continuously try it out. Perhaps one of your abilities would undergo a magical change!

“Remember, follow the feelings your body and mind give you! Find the most active genetic ability chain in your body and cultivate it!”

An Xiaoxue’s voice was clear and bright. It immediately attracted the attention of the dozen or so people on the red screen, including Xiang Daoxing and the other researchers. Cui Xi, Zhao Hailong, and Yan Lie, who had been at a loss, all understood what to do.