Chapter 593 - 593 Chance (3)

593 Chance (3)

“What?” Itavi froze! He was instantly shocked. “Could it be… Could it be true? Is it really out?”

“What do you mean it’s true?” Nilab was confused.

But Itavi did not answer Nilab’s question. Instead, he asked, “Did the Black Eagle leave after the red pillar of light disappeared and the red light screen appeared?”

“Yes!” Nilab sounded very certain.

In an instant, Itavi stomped his foot with a look of regret. “It’s actually true! I didn’t expect it to appear so coincidentally! No, I have to rush over!” Itavi became anxious as he thought of something.

The confused Nilab also became anxious. “Lord Itavi, what on earth are you talking about? What did you discover?”

Itavi paused. “I can basically confirm that the five Spiritual Race beings will definitely leave the first Energy Overflow Tunnel. Moreover, they would leave soon. Tell them immediately to prepare to enter the first energy overflow tunnel again before establishing a Mars base. This time, tell them to use special materials to solidify the first energy overflow tunnel. The fortifications could be temporarily delayed. After this battle, there won’t be much of a threat on the Mars battlefield for the time being!”

Nilab started, then nodded sharply. Itavi gave him the answer. However, as far as Nilab was concerned, out of a politician’s instinct, he wanted to know what the ‘really true’ that Itavi had just mentioned meant.

Nilab felt that that might be very important. However, Itavi ignored Nilab and turned to leave. The moment he left the room, he suddenly stopped. “Arrange for a Mystery Branch Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator to come to my room immediately. Five minutes later. I want to use the will imprint technique again and let the will body descend onto the Mars battlefield!

“Inform Nort to make a path for me. After I complete the will imprint, I have to pass through the Quantum Portal immediately. Also, inform Sotum to prepare a sky shuttle to receive my will imprint. No matter where I descended through the Quantum Portal, I want him to send my will imprinted body to the second energy overflow tunnel in the shortest time possible!”

Itavi gave several orders in one breath. He turned to leave. He was not at all worried that Nilab would not be able to remember it. Even if Nilab did not note it down, Nilab’s staff would.

“The red rectangular object is the key?” Nilab frowned. Although he was puzzled, he began to redirect the preparations for the construction of the Mars base. Of course, he also gave out all of Itavi’s instructions.

This time, the Genetic Evolution Realm cultivator he had sent over in a hurry to be Itavi’s will imprint was a Mystery Branch cultivator from the India Sector. However, this time, Itavi should be fighting for the red rectangular object. It was not a big problem.

Almost at the same time. In another unknown hall, three virtual projections lit up one after another.

“Boss, is the thing that appeared on the Mars Field real or fake? Is it the legendary Fire Slip?” a virtual projection asked.

“It’s hard to say.” Boss shook his head. “But whether it’s real or not, we need to follow up.”

“Should we seize it?”

“Depends. Inform our men and act according to the situation.”

…

On the Moon, The Myth’s office in the Moon base had also held an emergency meeting because of the changes in the Mars battlefield.@@novelbin@@

At the same time, the various alliances held an emergency meeting immediately. The various alliances might not know much about the sudden appearance of the red jade slip, but they had more or less made similar discoveries. They immediately held a targeted and efficient meeting.

At the same time, the mysterious hall lit up again.