Chapter 592 - 592 Chance (2)

592 Chance (2)

“Once, it even killed half of the experts nearby,” Yanzi said.

Luo Hu was slightly shocked. He wanted to say something, but he was interrupted by Cancheng. “Alright, time is precious. Let the Lord recover as soon as possible. It’s better to recover as much as possible.”

Then, Yanzi closed her eyes and the origin whirlpool appeared again.

…

In outer space on Mars. A stream of flames was rapidly approaching Mars. Fire Eye Number Three, who was sitting on the huge meteorite, suddenly raised his eyebrows. The fluctuations of the mysterious fire slip suddenly became clear.

Has it appeared? He had already seen Mars, but it was still quite far away from it. Who had obtained the Fire Slip?

“It should have fallen into the hands of the Lord Envoy, right? It must be. I should contact her. If I can get some benefits, I might be able to become a Planetary expert.” Fire Eye Number Three muttered and sent a congratulatory message to Yanzi. However, because he was in outer space, there was a delay in the congratulations.

…

Twenty kilometers away from the first tunnel, the combat troops and elites of the India Sector set up a temporary defensive position. It was used to defend and treat seriously injured people.

Nilab had made a deal with the Huaxia Sector previously. Two sky medical pods had come. Under timely treatment, more than half of the 500 severely injured people survived. However, more than a hundred severely injured people still died in pain. This made the atmosphere in the entire temporary defensive position extremely depressed.

Commander Sotum also had a dark expression. There were too many casualties. Many of the severely injured were at the Genetic Evolution Realm. 23 Genetic Evolution Realm experts died in this battle, but more than 1,260 Genetic Mutation Realm experts died. They had lost more than a third of their members.

It was a great defeat.

After the Mars battlefield ended and he returned to the moon, no matter what the reason was, he, Sotum, would have to bear the responsibility. He might even have to bear the first responsibility.

Someone had to be responsible for the deaths of so many people. One could imagine Sotum’s situation in the next few years.

Sotum, who was worried about the future of the India Sector and his future, had an extremely gloomy expression.

“Sir, they left, they left!” Suddenly, an adjutant rushed over. His voice was so excited that it went off track. He even fell the moment he ran over.

Sotum was furious when he saw that. When the adjutant ran over, he had yet to speak when he kicked him hard. “Look at you, you’re so flustered. What a disgrace! Left? Why would we leave? Where else can we go now?” Sotum, who had nowhere to vent his anger, cursed.

The adjutant was stunned. He could not react in time. He was clearly here to report the good news. But why was he being scolded? “No, Sir. It’s not us leaving. It’s the Black Eagle leaving!”

Sotum was stunned. He suddenly stepped forward and grabbed the guy’s collar. “What did you say? Say that again?”

“Sir, Black Eagle has left with all the alien elites.”

“They all left? Is that true?”

“There are still five. Those five people of the Spiritual Race did not leave. The other extraterrestrial elites have all left.”@@novelbin@@

In the next moment, Sotum stood on the high platform and used his binoculars to observe the first energy overflow tunnel combat circle. He was instantly stunned. There were no more extraterrestrial elites left! They had really all left!

Only the five fiery red figures were still there. The Spiritual Race was still there, but there were only five of them. Sotum calculated how much he had to pay to kill these five people if he attacked.

However, Sotum did not act on impulse in the end. He immediately reported the situation to Nilab. Just like Sotum’s previous shock, Nilab, who had received the news, actually felt like crying with joy. “The heavens did not spare me! As expected, the heavens did not abandon me!” Nilab laughed! “Invite Lord Itavi over. Hurry!”

Nilab also wanted to order the siege of the five Spirit Race beings. He wanted to start rebuilding the Mars base after they paid a huge price. However, Nilab was not blinded by happiness. He could not be anxious. This might be the only chance for the India Sector to successfully establish a Mars base.

“Lord Itavi, what do you think is the reason why these five Spiritual Beings did not leave? Will these five Spirits stay here the whole time? Or is it possible that they would leave?” Nilab asked anxiously when Itavi arrived.

Itavi was not in a hurry to answer. “Show me the movements of the Black Eagle.”

“The Black Eagle has brought along the extraterrestrial elites. Currently, they are heading toward the second energy overflow tunnel. Other than that, all the extraterrestrial elites that the Planetary Eye can detect are heading toward the second energy overflow tunnel. The pressure that the Huaxia Sector faced next was probably unprecedented! Even if they manage to defend it in the end, they will probably pay an extremely heavy price!”

At this point, Nilab suddenly became a little excited. Yes, he was very excited! Nilab would feel much better if the Huaxia Sector also suffered heavy losses. At the same time, there was more to talk about in the India Sector.

“All the extraterrestrial elites are heading towards the second energy overflow tunnel?” At first, Itavi was stunned. Then, he frowned, “Did anything happen to the second energy overflow tunnel?”

“I just received news that the red pillar of light in the second energy overflow tunnel has disappeared. A red light screen that can illuminate half the sky has appeared. According to intelligence personnel from the other sectors, they seem to be able to see a red rectangular object glowing from afar,” Nilab said.