Chapter 600 - 600 Fire Slip Entered The Brain And The Final Battle (1)

600 Fire Slip Entered the Brain and the Final Battle (1)

At the center of the second tunnel. The red jade slip that was hanging high in the air suddenly shone with a red light. It was as if it had exploded. The blazing red light instantly blinded everyone for a moment. Of course, this process was very short. It might not even take a second.

In the next moment, when everyone’s vision recovered, the red jade slip hanging above the tunnel had already split into six and was distributed in various directions. The red jade slips that were split into six each brought with them an energy flow. The six red jade slips guided the six streams of Origin Energy through them and then collided at a certain point in the void.

Something magical happened.

A vortex of light appeared.

Under the collision of the energy flow drawn by the six red jade slips, the vortex-like light spot began to continue to strengthen. The red light screen disappeared. The students that were cultivating in the red light screen felt a little pity. They reminisced and were a little excited.

In the short 20 minutes, everyone in the red light screen benefited greatly. The worst case scenario was that a certain genetic ability chain would be greatly strengthened. Many people would even develop a certain genetic ability chain again.@@novelbin@@

Of course, it could be said to be a fortuitous encounter for Xiang Daoxing to directly advance to the Genetic Transmutation Realm under the catalysis of the red light screen. However, even if Xiang Daoxing’s breakthrough was interrupted, he could easily step into the Genetic Transmutation Realm when he woke up and found a suitable opportunity.

Zhu Lang and Li Zhen, who were also at the peak of the Genetic Evolution Realm, also had their own gains. Unfortunately, the red light screen disappeared just like that. If this red light screen continued for a while longer, the two of them might be able to break through to the Genetic Transmutation Realm under the genetic fluctuations.

At the same time, all the Blue Star elites in the second energy overflow combat circle exclaimed.

“Where’s the origin energy?”

“Why is there no more energy?”

The elites who cultivated with a large number of useless mind power Origin Crystals were stunned. In just an instant, the surrounding energy concentration began to decrease rapidly.

The source was the six-part red jade slip. The red jade slip that was split into six directly absorbed the energy flowing out of the second tunnel into six energy streams. Then, it gathered into the vortex light spot in the void.

The second tunnel was spewing out energy, but the energy was gone. In just a few minutes, the concentration of energy had decreased to a state where it could not be cultivated.

It was not just the energy that was being sucked away. There were also Origin Crystals. The Origin Crystals that spewed out of the tunnel were also drawn away by the six red jade slips. They were directly drawn into the constantly expanding vortex of light in the void.

Some people were stunned. Some people were depressed. Some people were curious.

A fiery-tempered fire-type supernatural being was very depressed. He did not have a useless mind power Origin Crystal to cultivate to begin with. Now, he did not even have the benefits of an Origin Crystal. In his anger, he threw a Flame Explosion Ball at one of the red fire slips.

Without waiting for the strategic coordinators present to stop him, he blasted at the slips. However, under the bombardment of the Flame Explosion Ball, the red fire slip did not sway at all. With a slight flash of red light, the Flame Explosion Ball that had blasted over seemed to have been reflected on the spot and blasted back.

Boom!

Flames exploded! A charred human figure appeared. Fortunately, he was a fire-type supernatural being. He was only injured by the Flame Explosion. If it were anyone else, they would have been severely injured even if they did not die.

All the Blue Star elites present were stunned. This abnormality immediately made the strategic coordinator present report the abnormality. No one noticed that Xu Tui had fallen into a daze. Of course, in the eyes of outsiders, Xu Tui was not in a daze. He was cultivating.

Xu Tui only wanted to say that it was not split into six. It was split into seven! He couldn’t care less about how many red fire slips were split. But why did it run into his brain?

Xu Tui was a little afraid. The moment he placed his mind power on the red fire slip just now, it looked like the red fire slip had split into six, but in reality, it had split into seven. The seventh red fire slip entered Xu Tui’s mind sea through his mind power.

Xu Tui was stunned.

Under his illusory introspection, a rectangular red fire slip hung high in Xu Tui’s mind sea like a red sun. It would look even more similar if it was round.

A faint red light spread out and landed on Xu Tui’s Level 2 genetic ability chains that were flickering with silver light. It immediately enveloped Xu Tui’s genetic ability chains with a layer of red light. It looked exceptionally beautiful.

Ever since he became a genetic newcomer and started cultivating, Xu Tui had seen countless supernatural phenomena. However, Xu Tui had never seen anything that could enter a person’s brain.

That’s right, the red jade slip had entered his brain. Not only could he see it with his illusory introspection, but he could also see it with his introspection. Even though Xu Tui had exited the introspective state, he could still sense that there was such a red fire slip in his head.

He had an idea for a moment. If he cut open his head and searched carefully, would he be able to find this red fire slip? What exactly was the material of this red fire slip? Why could it enter a person’s brain?

Xu Tui suddenly thought of the fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary sorcerer chip. Would this thing be a little similar to that?