Chapter 306 - You Are Our Enemies

Chapter 306: You Are Our Enemies

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

A radius of 100 kilometers was neither large nor small.

They could run one round in two to three hours if they drove normally. If the repulsive force flying car flew, they could circle around and search in less than an hour.

However, things on the surface could not be seen clearly from the sky, especially in the forest that had long been covered by vegetation.

A portion of this coordinate was already at a high altitude and was partially covered in snow.

Looking from the sky, it was a vast expanse of white. He could barely find a larger valley, but it was too difficult to find a cave on the cliff!

More importantly, as the altitude increased and they continued deeper into Dong’an Ridge, the danger from the birds became more and more lethal.

During the day, when they were circling the area to search for their target, Xu Tui’s flying car had been attacked by four birds.

There was once when it was more serious.

One time, a huge white eagle swooped down from the sky without any warning. Its iron claws were so sharp that they were abnormal.

It grabbed onto the roof of Zuo Qingqing’s flying car. It treated Zuo Qingqing’s flying car like prey and grabbed it with his iron claws, wanting to fly away.

Zuo Qingqing and Gong Ling screamed in fear.

Zuo Qingqing’s lightning was actually useless against the white eagle.

In the end, Xu Tui made his move. He quickly used his mental whip to whip the white eagle. Only then did the white eagle let go of Zuo Qingqing’s flying car.

Originally, Xu Tui had planned to use his mental whip before killing it with his flying sword.

However, the white eagle reacted extremely quickly. Before the flying sword pierced through the white eagle’s head, its left wing shot out like lightning. The moment it hit Xu Tui’s flying sword, a layer of ice seemed to appear on its wings.

Xu Tui’s flying sword was sent flying. It only managed to take off a few of the white eagle’s feathers.

Fortunately, the white eagle was also scared away.

This was the most dangerous time.

Most of the other dangers could be avoided with the speed of the flying car.

Fortunately, the white eagle had grabbed the roof of Zuo Qingqing’s flying car. It only destroyed the car’s warmth and soundproof barrier, but it could still fly.

Otherwise, they would be in big trouble.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui did not dare to hover in the air above Dong’an Ridge for too long. There were too many dangers. If they were not careful, they might die.

In the end, Xu Tui and the others found four valleys of various sizes. Then, they found a relatively central area and parked their flying car. They disguised their cars and prepared to search on foot.

Since they had a rough location for the Mutated Fire Ape, they had to obtain it. The gains from one mission were comparable to the gains from three to five other missions.

Xu Tui planned to spend two to three days searching the four valleys to find the Mutated Fire Ape.

At the same time, they could search for other valuable mutated animals and plants.

On the first day they arrived at the coordinates, which was the third day after they went out on a clearing mission, they found a few caves in the target valley. However, they did not find any Mutated Fire Apes.

Gong Ling, on the other hand, found another mutated plant that she needed for her mission.

Along the way, they also obtained some other mutated animals and plants. It was not a lot and was worth less than a million.

At this moment, Cheng Mo’s role as an Extreme Branch cultivator was revealed.

He was really strong!

Xu Tui’s 70-liter bag had a repulsive force flying skateboard on it. If he loaded it with some other items, it would weigh about 15 kilograms. It would be a little strenuous to carry it for a long time.

As for Cheng Mo, he was carrying his own things, the water and food that the team needed, and the various resources that he had gathered.

It weighed more than 25 kilograms, yet he still looked very relaxed.

The night was just like before.

Xu Tui was still cultivating. As long as his mind power was depleted by 50%, he would immediately stop cultivating.

With the amount of Xu Tui’s mind power, 50% of his mind power was enough to support one or two or even more intense battles.

Xu Tui had activated two more genetic base points from the Mountain Genetic Ability Chain that night. He had activated six genetic base points.

At night, Xu Tui saw several streams of light in the distance.

Those streams of light were most likely the flying cars of other cultivators. They could even fly physically, or it might be the physical bodies of the Genetic Transmutation Realm experts flying.

The exploration target on the fourth day of the clearing mission was the other two valleys that might be where the Mutated Flame Ape was hiding.

They still did not find any traces of the Mutated Fire Ape in the snow-covered valley they had explored in the morning. But they had gained a lot of other things.

As for the multiple attacks from the mutated beasts, Xu Tui was able to detect them in advance due to his mental perception, so they did not encounter any danger.

At around three in the afternoon, Xu Tui and his group arrived near the third valley. His heart skipped a beat the moment he arrived nearby.

The Mutated Fire Ape was most likely in this valley.

This judgment was not based on his intuition, but on the difference in their surroundings.

Most of the two valleys that they had explored ahead were cold-resistant plants. The areas with snow accounted for a third of the area.

It was already the end of October, yet there was still a sense of vitality in this valley. The temperature was clearly higher than in other places.

Not only was the vegetation extremely rich, but there was also very little snow on the mountaintop. Only a few tall peaks were covered and accumulated.

Even if a mutated animal had mutated, even if it was a mutated animal with superpowers, it would still maintain its animal nature.

Since the Mutated Fire Ape was a fire-type mutated animal, it was more willing to live in a hotter area.

This was its instinctive choice.

“Little Tui, I feel that the Mutated Fire Ape should be here. The vegetation here is very active. The temperature in the valley should be even higher,” Gong Ling suddenly said.

“Yes, let’s go. Be careful.”

The group broke through the thorns and slowly stepped into the valley. They set off.

Not long after they entered the valley, the temperature increased significantly.

Xu Tui and Cheng Mo both took off their winter clothes.

“Someone might have been here before.” Cheng Mo, who was clearing the way, suddenly said, “There are traces of someone moving past here, and the time should be in these two to three days.”

“Be careful and prepare for battle. If you feel tired, take the Energy Restoration Elixir to replenish your energy.”

About 40 minutes into the valley, a voice suddenly came from ahead.

No one was stupid. They roughly understood that the direction of the sound was most likely the direction of the Mutated Fire Ape.

If they went there now, it might involve conflict.

Cheng Mo looked at Xu Tui.

“Let’s go and take a look. If someone has already obtained the Fire Ape, we’ll retreat. If the Fire Ape hasn’t been obtained, we’ll take a closer look.”

In reality, the bionic machine controlled by Ah Huang had already transmitted the situation ahead to Xu Tui.

There were two groups of people. They should be doing clearing missions.

They were gathered not far from the entrance of a cave. At the entrance of the cave, there were two corpses that looked extremely ferocious.

These two groups of people did not seem to have taken down the Mutated Fire Ape.

Inferring from strength, Shi Hong, who was a Genetic Evolver, had a very easy time taking down these three Mutated Fire Apes.

He only said that he would take it back along the way and earn a sum of money. He even said that he could capture them alive.

Yet, the two groups of people in front of him could not take down these three Mutated Fire Apes. It seemed that their teammates had died, so they should not be very strong.

There shouldn’t be any experts at the Genetic Evolution Realm in the team.

This was also the reason why Xu Tui dared to lead his team here. Otherwise, he would have left with his team a long time ago.

There were so many ways to earn money. Why take such a risk?

The two teams that cleared the mission were not Chinese. They were from other sectors.

A group of people were gathered. The men were burly like bears, and the women were tall and fair. It was obvious that they were genetic newcomers from the Russian Federation.

The other team had Asian faces. It was difficult to determine where they were from based on their looks, but they were speaking the language of the Korean Star Sector.

So they should be the genetic newcomers of the Korean Star Sector.

Foreign languages were not too difficult for genetic newcomers.

Moreover, Huaxia was the most widely spoken language on the Blue Star. It had long replaced English and became a common language.

“Look, someone else is here.”

The male captain from the Korean Star Sector looked in Xu Tui’s direction and pouted. “Are you guys going to attack or not?”

The leader of the Russian team was a very fierce-looking man named Karamov. When he saw Xu Tui and the others walking over, his eyes shone with a ferocious light.

“This newcomer doesn’t look strong. Why don’t we join forces and kill them first before thinking of a way to deal with this Fire Ape?”

The captain of the Korean Star Sector, Kim Song, also smiled and nodded. “You attack first, then we’ll charge!”

“You go first,” Karamov said, shaking his head. “There are only three of us left. There are four of you.”

The captain of the Korean Star Sector, Kim Song, snorted. Who would believe you! They were all f*cking cunning and not good people!

“Kid, this is not a place where you should be. Get lost before I lose my temper!” Karamov shouted at Xu Tui.

As he roared, he was also sizing up Xu Tui and the others. He was speculating about their strength.

Xu Tui looked at the two teams and then at the entrance of the cave where the two corpses were. He was completely certain that the Mutated Fire Ape was there.

“I’m just here to take a look. Since you guys came first, you guys can deal with this Fire Ape first. We’ll come back tomorrow.”

There were two groups of people on the other side. There were too many people. Xu Tui decided to retreat first.

If the other party had the ability, the Mutated Fire Ape would have been taken away long ago. If the other party did not have the ability, they would not be able to get the Mutated Fire Ape even if they were given another night.

Just as Xu Tui was about to leave with his men, the captain of the Korean Star Sector, Kim Song, suddenly smiled bitterly.

“Alright, we’ll give up! This cave is very narrow, and there are three Mutated Fire Apes inside. As soon as someone enters, the flames will rush towards them and burn our teammates to ashes. We give up. We’re leaving! The two of you can do it.”

As the captain of the Korean Star Sector, Kim Song, spoke, he instructed his teammates to put one of the charred corpses into their luggage.

That should be the corpses of their teammates.

In less than ten minutes, the captain of the Korean Star Sector, Kim Song, left with his teammates and walked towards the periphery of the valley.

How could Xu Tui not see through Kim Song’s intentions?@@novelbin@@

There was a high chance that he wanted to sit back and watch the battle unfold.

It was extremely sinister.

However, since the clearing team from the Korean Star Sector had temporarily withdrawn, Xu Tui’s decision had changed.

There was only one team from the Russian Federation left. It would depend on their attitude.

“Friend, are you guys going to attack this cave?” Xu Tui shouted at Karamov as he watched the clearing team from the Korean Star Sector leave.

Karamov did not respond. He only stared coldly at Xu Tui.

“Friend, if you want to attack this cave, we’ll leave too. We’ll come back in an hour or two. If you don’t attack, then please leave for the time being. We have to try to attack the mutated fire apes in this cave. We need a safe rear.”

“We don’t attack, but we don’t leave either,” Karamov replied after a moment’s consideration.

“You’re not attacking or leaving. What are you planning to do? If that’s the case, then you’re our enemies!” Xu Tui’s eyes were cold as he spoke.

The audio recording of Karamov wanting to join forces with Kim Song to destroy them had already been played in his ears.

At this moment, he displayed clear malice.

Xu Tui already understood what he had to do.

The silver pills and the flying sword took off and circled around Xu Tui at the same time. There was a faint flicker of lightning in Zuo Qingqing’s palm.

Gong Ling took a step forward. The vegetation within a ten-meter radius suddenly seemed to have become an organized army. They were all facing Karamov and the other two.