Chapter 317 - An Xiaoxue’S Suspicion (1)

Chapter 317: An Xiaoxue’s Suspicion (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui’s expression darkened.

According to the blondie, this might really be a random robbery. It was just a random action of the raiders active in the various primitive forests of the Blue Star. After all, most genetic newcomers who completed the clearing missions were equipped with repulsive-force flying cars.

The appearance of the repulsion electromagnetic bomb could be explained.

However, the sudden self-destruction of the yaksha-masked man’s head was equivalent to telling Xu Tui that this matter was not simple. This was definitely not an ordinary random robbery. It was not that Xu Tui and the others were unlucky.

This should be a robbery that was specifically targeted at Xu Tui and the others. They might even be targeting Xu Tui.

This yaksha-masked man, who had brought two powerful supernatural beings with him, should know something. And his death was too sudden!

However, there was one thing that Xu Tui could not figure out.

Information!

The time and route of Xu Tui’s return was extremely random.

Not long after they set off, Xu Tui, who was leading the way, even changed the direction of his flight slightly. However, he did not expect that he would still be ambushed by the man in the mask.

How did the other party know that he would pass by here? When he thought of this, Xu Tui glanced at Zuo Qingqing, who was on high alert.

However, as soon as he had this thought, he dismissed it.

Zuo Qingqing’s communication device and all of her electronic devices were still in Xu Tui’s possession. Not only were they turned off, but Xu Tui had also placed them into the alloy lead box that was specially installed in the flying car.

Even if it was a device that could automatically transmit location information, it was impossible.

“Ah Huang, was there any abnormal signal in their car before the incident?” Xu Tui suddenly asked in a low voice.

Xu Tui was not an idiot.

After Shi Hong left, even though Zuo Qingqing took the initiative to hand over her communication device and electronic device the next morning, Xu Tui still found an opportunity to place a particle signal passive retrieval device in Zuo Qingqing’s car.

It was only the size of a grain of rice and had the ability to change its color. Unless she deliberately cleaned it, she would not be able to discover it.@@novelbin@@

The function was simple but powerful. As long as signals of various forms and frequencies appeared in the car, they would affect it and be recorded by it. Unless the signal transmission was activated by the controller, it would usually be silent.

It was extremely difficult to discover.

“According to the message sent by the particle signal passive retrieval device, there are no unknown signals in their repulsive force flying car. All the relevant signals that have been collected have a clear source,” Ah Huang said.

This was why Xu Tui felt that it was unlikely that Zuo Qingqing had betrayed them.

“Tell me, when did you get here?” Xu Tui returned to the blondie and asked.

As he asked, he gave the blondie a light treatment.

“We arrived at noon yesterday.”

The blondie’s answer surprised Xu Tui. They had arrived so early.

“You’ve been here since we arrived?”

“Not really. The boss set two points for us, and we’ve been waiting here ever since.”

“Two points?”

“Yes, we have set two mountain peaks 40 kilometers apart as our attack points. Including the range of the anti-repulsion electromagnetic bombs, we could plunder the clearing teams that passed by within a radius of 50 kilometers.

“On the other mountain, there’s also a person with a rocket launcher with a repulsion electromagnetic warhead on standby. However, he’s probably already escaped.”

The blondie teenager felt much more hopeful. He even had the energy to speak.

Xu Tui became even more confused.

A fixed radius of 50 kilometers. This was a little like waiting for an opportunity!

Everything was random. However, Xu Tui had barged in. It sounded extremely unlikely. But it really happened.

The current information did not allow Xu Tui to make a clearer judgment.

After some thought, Xu Tui removed the masks of all the members of the pillaging team who had been killed, especially the ice-type supernatural being and the fire-type supernatural being. He focused on taking pictures.

Then, he handed it to Ah Huang to search for relevant information on the Internet. He wanted to compare the data and see if he could obtain any useful results.

Everything else would depend on the Special Intelligence Division.

“Mozi, let me treat you again.”

Xu Tui roared at Cheng Mo.

This time, Cheng Mo was clearly afraid. “Little Tui, slow down. I feel that my hand can already move normally. Ten seconds! You can treat me for ten seconds. Twenty seconds at most!”

Cheng Mo estimated his endurance.

“Tsk, look at how scared you are. You’re even afraid of treatment. Are you still a man?”

Xu Tui started treating Cheng Mo again after teasing him.

Previously, Xu Tui had been anxious. He was afraid that there would be an accident, so he rushed to treat Cheng Mo. He had indeed been a little anxious. But that was still a distance away from Xu Tui’s full-powered treatment. He did not expect Cheng Mo to end up like that.

As soon as he heard about the treatment, he raised his request.

“No…”

Cheng Mo’s face darkened. There was no way to explain this. He had almost peed because of Xu Tui’s treatment, and it was that kind of “peeing”. There were also two beauties beside him.

If he really peed, Cheng Mo felt that although his skin was not thinner than a pig’s skin, he could not take it!

The moment he received the treatment, the numb and itchy feeling that spread throughout his body attacked him again. Cheng Mo could not help but stare at Xu Tui.

There was something wrong with Xu Tui’s move.

Xu Tui did not torture Cheng Mo during the treatment this time. Not only did he slow down the intensity of the treatment, but it only lasted for 20 seconds. Xu Tui stopped before Cheng Mo could not help but grunt.