Chapter 314 - Sinister Earth Spike (1)

Chapter 314: Sinister Earth Spike (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Anti-repulsion electromagnetic bomb!

Xu Tui understood what was going on the moment the repulsive-force flying car lost its momentum and fell.

However, there was nothing he could do.

Anti-repulsion electromagnetic bombs were relatively high-end destructive weapons. It could overload the repulsive force device of the repulsive-force flying car. The electromagnetic shock wave after the explosion could directly damage the electronic pathway of the repulsive force flying car, causing it to lose its power.

Almost instantly, the two repulsive-force flying cars fell freely from a height of two to three hundred meters.

If Xu Tui and the others did not deal with the speed at which they were falling, they might have become meat patties on the spot. However, these situations had already been considered when the repulsive-force flying cars were created.

Xu Tui used all his strength to pull open the emergency landing device on the repulsive force flying car.

“Pull the emergency button!”

Xu Tui shouted through the public channel of his communication device.

The better communication devices were all equipped with electromagnetic absorption devices in case the equipment was damaged.

Unless it was a low-frequency electromagnetic pulse bomb that was specifically targeted at personal communication devices, it would not be able to destroy personal communication devices.

In the next moment, the two repulsive force flying cars shot out a huge parachute from the top of the car.

Xu Tui and Cheng Mo’s bodies trembled. The momentum of the repulsive force flying car suddenly decreased.

“There are people below. There are quite a few of them!”

Cheng Mo immediately adjusted the direction of the external mirror to observe and report the situation on the ground to Xu Tui.

At that moment, Xu Tui’s mind raced. All kinds of thoughts and emergency methods surfaced in his mind. However, none of them seemed appropriate.

Xu Tui could already use his mind power to step into the air.

In other words, Xu Tui could just jump off the car. But what about Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing?

Xu Tui could not abandon them and escape alone. Moreover, the enemies lying in ambush had already used high-end weapons like the anti-repulsion electromagnetic bombs. There would definitely be no lack of anti-air weapons.

It was impossible to jump out of the car and escape.

The moment he landed, he could rush out of the flying car to fight. However, they had not discovered the number of enemies yet. If they rushed out rashly, they would most likely be targeted.

Xu Tui instantly realized that he was in an extremely dangerous situation.

At this moment, any decision he made might determine his life or death, or the lives of Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing!

Using the emergency parachute, the repulsive-force flying cars began to fall towards the ground at a safe speed. However, it did not take long.

They would land in ten seconds at most.

He had to calm down!

Xu Tui kept telling himself to calm down and find the key to dealing with the situation.

“What should we do, Little Tui?” Cheng Mo asked.

“Little Tui, what should we do?” Gong Ling’s anxious voice came from the public channel of the personal communication device.

This was a dangerous situation that Xu Tui had never encountered before. It was also a moment of life and death. The enemy was unknown, but he had to make a decision immediately.

The key point!

What’s the key point?

Suddenly, Xu Tui had an idea.

Anti-repulsion electromagnetic bomb!

Xu Tui suddenly understood. Since the enemy who ambushed them had used a very precious anti-repulsion electromagnetic bomb, their first target was not to kill them.@@novelbin@@

They had other motives!

It might be a robbery.

There were a lot of raiders at the edge of the primitive mountain forests that were rarely visited. Their targets were usually those who had returned with a full load.

As long as their first target was not to kill them, Xu Tui still had a chance. He might even have a chance to turn the tables.

Xu Tui instantly made a decision.

“Prepare for battle. Prioritize defense. Lock the car door. You are not allowed to open the car door or get out of the car without my orders,” Xu Tui immediately shouted in the public channel.

“Understood!”

“Roger that!”

Gong Ling and Zuo Qingqing responded immediately. They could hear that they finally had some confidence after receiving Xu Tui’s orders.

Xu Tui was their backbone.

However, they did not know that Xu Tui, who did not know what was going on, was also panicking.

All of the repulsive-force flying cars had bulletproof bodies and bulletproof glass for safety and to prevent the birds from colliding with them. Most of the car was also an integrated structure.

If it wasn’t for the fact that the objective was to kill, at least they wouldn’t kill anyone before they succeeded in the robbery. The repulsive force flying cars would be able to provide them with a certain amount of safety time.

In a situation where they were concerned about their lives or belongings, it would take a certain amount of time to break through the repulsive force flying cars.

This was the reason Xu Tui had made such a decision.

Xu Tui tried his best to adjust his breathing so that his nervousness would not affect the stability of his mind power. His mental perception instantly spread out.

It spread to the limit of 42 meters.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mind power immediately entered the original quantum frequency of the mountain.

Thanks to his improvement over the past few days and his repeated experiences, it was as easy as eating and drinking for Xu Tui to sense and find the original quantum frequency of the mountain.

Almost at the same time, he activated his Earth Perception.

Xu Tui immediately realized that because he was still in the air, the distance of his Earth Perception was much shorter than that of standing on the ground.

It was only 80 meters wide.

However, as the repulsive force flying car approached the ground, the distance of the Earth Perception continued to increase.