Chapter 312 - Deceiving Them (3)

Chapter 312: Deceiving Them (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

If they were to take action now, they would be more confident!

“Disguise yourselves! Remember, when they are within 15 meters of us, they will enter the attack range of my superpower. At that time, the two of us supernatural beings would focus all our attention on the captain of the Huaxia team.

“The two of you, charge at high speed. If the captain of the Huaxia team did not die, both of you would continue to surround him. If he dies, kill the others!”

“Understood!”

…

This time, it was Xu Tui’s turn to lead the way. Cheng Mo was a little puzzled.

“Little Tui, let me lead the way. Don’t look at how much I carry. My stamina is definitely several times that of yours.”

“Take a look at the information I’ve sent through the public channel. Be prepared to be on guard.”

In the next moment, Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing’s expressions changed drastically when they saw the video message Xu Tui had sent.

“Were they plotting against us a long time ago? I thought they were good people!” Gong Ling said angrily in a low voice.

“Don’t trust anyone easily in the wild. All of Xu Tui’s previous decisions were correct,” Cheng Mo said in a low voice after he finished reading.

These words undoubtedly gave Zuo Qingqing another stab in the back. Zuo Qingqing sighed to herself. Fortunately, she had taken the initiative to hand over the communication device. Otherwise, the trust would have been weakened in waves.

If anything went wrong, this would be her last chance to work with Xu Tui.@@novelbin@@

“You can arrange how to fight. We’ll listen to your orders.” Zuo Qingqing took the initiative to express her stance. It was a show of initiative and obedience.

Xu Tui looked at the three of them who were carrying weights. “You’ve already gone through training after seeing blood. We’re all carrying such heavy items now, so we won’t be playing with them. All of you stay alert and be prepared for battle.

“Fight freely if you have the chance. Everything else will depend on me.”

Under the heavy load, they were not too fast. It took them about 20 minutes to reach the entrance of the valley, which was less than three kilometers deep.

Xu Tui had already cut into the original quantum frequency of the mountain while he was walking. He had already extended his Earth Perception. He discovered the location where Kim Song and the others were lying in ambush a hundred meters away.

Two were in the grass nest.

One was in the hole in the mountain wall, and the other was in the middle of the big tree.

They had chosen an excellent location. If they were to ambush other teams, they would most likely succeed.

Unfortunately, they met Xu Tui.

Xu Tui did not even pause when he sensed the location of Kim Song and the others. He continued forward.

80 meters!

Sixty meters!

Forty meters!

35 meters!

Kim Song and the others had not only entered the range of Xu Tui’s Earth Perception, but they had also entered the range of his mental perception.

Xu Tui could sense that the heartbeat of the two ambushers had increased slightly when he stepped into the 40-meter range. Suddenly, he stopped in his tracks and focused his gaze.

Kim Song and the other three who were lying in ambush immediately had a bad feeling!

Had they been discovered?

In the next moment, Kim Song, who was a fire-type supernatural being, suddenly looked up at the sky.

There was nothing in the sky.

However, Kim Song’s mental perception told him that there seemed to be a small mountain above his head.

It was a Mystery Branch attack!

He had been discovered!

Kim Song’s expression changed drastically. He wanted to roll and dodge. But the moment Kim Song looked up at the sky, the small mountain above his head suddenly smashed down.

Crack! Crack!

Kim Song seemed to hear the sound of countless bones shattering in his body. The roar was directly suppressed by the blood that spurted out of his mouth.

Kim Song’s team members were stunned!

How could this be?

However, their reactions were extremely fast.

“We’ve been discovered. Kill!”

Before one of the team members could finish his roar, the silver light that was formed by the silver pill pierced into his mouth and out the back of his head.

At the same time, the silver flying sword whistled past with a string of blood droplets.

This scene shocked the member of Kim Song’s team who was hiding the furthest behind the tree.

This was too f*cking terrifying! He had instantly killed three of their members! Even a Level C Genetic Mutant was not that terrifying, right? Could he be a Genetic Evolver?

In the next moment, the remaining member of Jin Song’s team suddenly turned into an afterimage and rushed out.

However, he dashed backward!

He had to escape!

He covered a distance of more than ten meters in one leap and was extremely fast.

However, he only dodged for a moment before a flying sword flashed with silver light. The member of Kim Song’s team who was running for his life fell to the ground. As he was using his ability to escape, even though he was killed by a headshot, the momentum still caused his body to roll another ten meters.

If it were any other opponent, they would probably be able to escape successfully. He was the first to leap out of Xu Tui’s maximum combat radius.

However, Xu Tui’s mental chain could be thrown more than 200 meters away in an open area.

Quadruple kill!

Behind Xu Tui, Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing were all stunned.

Cheng Mo gritted his teeth. Damn it, he felt like he was unnecessary! Xu Tui alone could defeat these people. Bringing them out was completely unnecessary.

Suddenly, Cheng Mo completely reacted. He completely understood why Xu Tui had brought him along on this mission.

It was true that he only needed to do some physical work. As for the rest, it was purely friendship…

Gong Ling was shocked by Xu Tui’s performance, but she was not surprised. In Gong Ling’s heart, Xu Tui had always been very strong and mysterious.

However, Zuo Qingqing was shocked!

It was truly shocking!

Those who could come out to do team clearing missions were mostly not too weak. Usually, there would be at least a genetic mutant leading the team. Basically, the entire team might be genetic mutants. There were very few teams like theirs that were all Genetic Liberators.

Of course, it was also because Xu Tui had displayed great strength that they had sought him out.

However, the strength that Xu Tui had displayed was no longer powerful. It had reached the level of abnormal!

He had killed four people!

When Xu Tui walked up to Kim Song, whose chest was almost crushed, the team leader of the clearing team of the Korean Star Sector was not completely dead.

Blood spurted out of his mouth. His eyes were as wide as a bull’s as he glared at Xu Tui.

“You… are an evolved being? Why… did you bring a liberator out?”

“No.” Xu Tui shook his head. “I’m still a Genetic Liberator.”

“Im… possi…”

Kim Song’s eyes were filled with anger. This person had tricked them at this time, yet he still lied to him!

He’s awful!

However, as soon as he let out the last breath in his heart, Kim Song’s head tilted to the side and he died.

The Mountain Formula that Xu Tui conjured and smashed down was too powerful. It smashed a hole in the grass nest that Kim Song was hiding in.

“This… I reckon that we have seized four more repulsive-force flying skateboards. However, I feel that we should not be able to carry them anymore, right?” Xu Tui looked behind him and felt a little troubled.

It was troublesome to seize too much!

“I can carry it. I can definitely carry it!”

Cheng Mo was the first to put down his backpack and search the entire scene. “I can carry two more. If you really can’t carry them, I can carry three! This one cost 800,000 to 900,000 yuan!

“How can I not be able to carry them? I can carry them even if they kill me!” Cheng Mo muttered as he collected the backpacks of Kim Song and the others.

“I… can carry another one.” Gong Ling also raised her hand.

“Uh…”

Actually, Xu Tui felt that he could carry another one.

Just as Cheng Mo had said, this was money! He could sell it for hundreds of thousands of yuan even if it was second-hand. How could he not be able to carry it!