Chapter 319 - An Xiaoxue’S Suspicion (3)

Chapter 319: An Xiaoxue’s Suspicion (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The flying car of the Special Intelligence Division escorted Xu Tui and the others for 40 minutes. They left after they entered the suburbs of the Black Dragon Prefecture.

After entering the suburbs of the Black Dragon Prefecture, they would reach the safe zone.

On the way, Xu Tui switched to semi-automatic driving mode. He reflected on his way back.

Xu Tui would continue to investigate the accidents that happened on the return trip. However, they had also made many mistakes.

For example, the two repulsive force flying cars were following too closely.

The radius of the electromagnetic bomb was only five kilometers. If the two cars were more than five kilometers apart, they would not have all been shot to the ground.@@novelbin@@

Next, the height.

They had to fly at different heights in the future.

Then, there was also the ability related to the original quantum frequency of the mountain. It had to be greatly enhanced.

The flying sword was very powerful. However, it was sometimes very limited. Whether it was the Mountain Formula or the Stab Formula, they could supplement this deficiency. Moreover, if he had time, he had to enrich his other abilities.

At this moment, what Xu Tui lacked the most was time.

Within the Huaxia Sector, especially after passing through the Black Dragon Prefecture, the number of cities increased, and it became safer. Not to mention entering the vicinity of the capital.

Their original plan was to return to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College at 6:30 p.m. They were delayed by the ambush on the way and the checkpoint. It was already 9 p.m. when they arrived at the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

He handed a portion of the spoils to Zhuang Ziqiang, who had been waiting for him. Most of the resources would be handled by Zhuang Ziqiang. Some of them would be handled at the underground market to obtain higher returns.

Then, Xu Tui sent a message to An Xiaoxue. After confirming that An Xiaoxue was still awake, he went straight to Research Institute No. 14.

It had to be said that An Xiaoxue really treated the research institute as her home.

“They waited in the designated area a day in advance and even accurately ambushed you?”

“Are there any prediction abilities among the supernatural abilities?”

An Xiaoxue frowned slightly when she heard Xu Tui’s question.

“Our Huaxia Genetic Evolution College doesn’t have any research results in the field of prediction. However, it is said that some extremely powerful genetic mutators in the extra-terrestrial seem to have supernatural abilities in this aspect, but there is no concrete evidence yet.

“As for waiting in the designated area a day in advance and accurately ambushing you, we will need to analyze the overall intelligence.

“Well, since you’re back safely, you should rest early. There’s no need to rush the investigation. According to Ah Huang’s feedback, your performance along the way was very good.” An Xiaoxue rarely praised Xu Tui.

“Yes, Miss An, that mechanical cabin…”

“It’s yours. In the future, it’ll depend on you to repair and enhance it! If you want to repair it, Ah Huang has a repair robot. The enhancement will depend on you,” An Xiaoxue said.

Xu Tui was amused when he heard that. This time, the various bionic machines in the mechanical storage gave him a great boost. It was especially useful when paired with a high-level artificial intelligence like Ah Huang.

Even if he returned it, Xu Tui would ask An Xiaoxue for it when he went out in the future.

He did not expect An Xiaoxue to give it to him directly. The benefits of this genetic miracle were really powerful. Not to mention anything else, just the different sets of bionic machines in the mechanical warehouse were priceless.

According to the number, it was about 100 million.

Xu Tui left very easily. Just as An Xiaoxue had said, he had returned safely. He could take his time with the investigation.

An Xiaoxue suddenly spoke not long after Xu Tui left Research Institute No. 14.

“Ah Huang, use your main body’s data ability to search for all abnormal information regarding the Dong’an Ridge area in this ambush,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Does that include the extra-terrestrial?”

“Yes. You have to search including the data of all the extraterrestrial artificial celestial bodies,” An Xiaoxue said.

“Xiaoxue, are you suspecting something?” Ah Huang suddenly asked.

“That’s highly possible!”

An Xiaoxue’s face turned cold. “Don’t let me find any evidence!”