Chapter 318 - An Xiaoxue’S Suspicion (2)

Chapter 318: An Xiaoxue’s Suspicion (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

After this treatment, the injuries on Cheng Mo’s left arm had mostly recovered. Although he did not recover fully, it did not affect his actions. He could even fight.

“Gong Ling, you and Zuo Qingqing continue to stand guard. Cheng Mo and I will try to repair the car!”

Whether it was the repulsive force flying car or the repulsive force flying skateboard, they were both products of the modern high-precision industrial system. Under normal circumstances, once there was a problem, it was impossible to fix it with one’s own strength.

However, before leaving the factory, the repulsive force flying car had some universal emergency equipment.

For example, if it encountered a anti-repulsion bomb or accidentally barged into the flying area of the repulsion force field, then, the repulsive force flying car’s repulsive force equipment would be overloaded.

However, it would be a huge loss if they were to directly replace a set of repulsive devices that sold for up to a million yuan. According to the factory’s instructions, the repulsive force devices of the repulsive force flying cars had protection against overload.

After the overload wore off, it could regain the repulsive force field as long as they changed the protection. It was the same for the electronic pathways of the repulsive force flying cars. They all had overload safety devices.

After changing them one by one, it could fly again.

However, Xu Tui and Cheng Mo were both newbies in this aspect. After searching for a while, they finally found the right place. They removed the damaged safety equipment and replaced it with a backup safety device.

They were faster when they were repairing Zuo Qingqing’s repulsive force flying car.

While Xu Tui was repairing Zuo Qingqing’s repulsive flying car, he also took the opportunity to use the anti-reconnaissance bionic bat to check on Zuo Qingqing’s repulsive flying car. However, he did not discover any abnormalities.

Basically, Zuo Qingqing was no longer a suspect.

Then, how did the yaksha-masked man determine that they would pass by here? How did he even make arrangements a day in advance?

Could he predict the future? Could it be that there was a superpower in this world that could predict the future?

While Xu Tui was deep in thought, Zuo Qing Qing suddenly shouted. “Xu Tui, head west. We can see a flying car behind us.”

“A repulsive force flying car fleet has arrived from the west. There is a Special Intelligence Division logo on the flying car.” Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s ears at the same time.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s phone rang.

“Hello, Researcher Xu. I’m Nie Fei, the captain of the Special Operations Unit of the Black Dragon Prefecture’s Special Intelligence Division. I’ve received orders from the headquarters to rush over for emergency support. We will arrive in your area in a while, please do not be nervous.”

A minute later, four repulsive-force flying cars arrived and jumped off the 20 special agents. They instantly dispersed in all directions.

“Director Tian, we have met with Researcher Xu and confirmed that he is safe. The people accompanying him are safe. We have not discovered the source of the threat. We are currently investigating.”

Nie Fei reported immediately. This made Xu Tui a little curious.

“The Special Intelligence Division of the capital can directly command the local Special Intelligence Division?”

“You mean Director Tian?”@@novelbin@@

Nie Fei smiled. “In addition to being the director of the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital, Director Tian is also one of the deputy directors of the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division. He can directly command the Special Operations Unit of our local Special Intelligence Division.”

After circling around, Nie Fei arrived in front of the headless yaksha-masked man. He was a little puzzled.

“Researcher Xu, who is this?”

“He exploded himself. Oh right, he looked like this when he was alive.” Xu Tui took the initiative to show the photo.

With just a glance, Nie Fei’s expression changed drastically.

“Yaksha Bai Liang? He’s one of the most famous bandits in the primitive forests of the Dong’an Ridge. Our intelligence shows that he’s a Level B genetic mutant. He was powerful and ferocious. You guys actually killed him? Aren’t the four of you too powerful?” Nie Fei exclaimed.

“That’s not…”

Cheng Mo wanted to say that Xu Tui had killed them before they got out of the car, but Xu Tui interrupted him.

It was better to keep a low profile.

“Captain Nie, I have two questions. I hope you can help me investigate them. The first question is the way that Yaksha Bai Liang’s head exploded.” Xu Tui raised his request directly.

“We’ll do that. When we’re done, we’ll extract the explosion fragments from Yaksha Bai Liang’s head and hand them over to the experts for testing. We should be able to find out the reason.”

“Okay, secondly, there is one survivor, and he will be handed over to you, including all the corpses. However, I wanted to know how Yaksha Bai Liang’s plundering team had locked onto my direction of departure. According to the blondie, they have been waiting here since a day ago,” Xu Tui said.

Nie Fei nodded. “Don’t worry, Researcher Xu. This is our responsibility. Look, are you waiting for us to finish our investigation before leaving, or should I send someone to escort you into the safe zone first?”

“Let’s leave first. You guys take your time investigating.”

“Okay! By the way, Researcher Xu, some of the people among the team of Yaksha Bai Liang have contribution points. Their flying vehicle equipment is also yours. We’ll register it when we’re done. I’ll inform you when it’s done. You can send someone to handle it, or you can entrust it to us,” Nie Fei said.

“Alright, thank you!”

A few minutes later, Xu Tui and the other three restarted the flying car that had returned to normal. They left again under the escort of the two repulsive-force flying cars from the Special Intelligence Division.

Xu Tui and Zuo Qingqing’s flying car was not a big problem. However, they had to undergo maintenance and repair after they returned. It was especially so for emergency parachutes. They had to be reloaded. It was a considerable cost.

Yet, it was nothing compared to what he had gained this time.