Chapter 316 - Do You Know Who I Am?

Chapter 316

: Do You Know Who I Am?

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

This group of robbers were very good at fighting.

Xu Tui was trapped by the ice fog created by the ice-type supernatural being. The other fire-type supernatural being and the other five extreme-type cultivators charged toward Xu Tui.

In an instant, Xu Tui’s situation became extremely dangerous.@@novelbin@@

The first attack was a huge fireball that the fire-type supernatural being threw over. The huge fireball exploded less than half a meter away from Xu Tui.

Flame Explosion!

With a thought, he casually activated his energy field. The Vajra Shield instantly protected Xu Tui. The flames exploded, but it only caused Xu Tui’s Vajra Shield to shake a little. It was slightly depleted.

Xu Tui himself was completely unharmed.

This surprised the fire-type supernatural being, but it did not affect his attack frequency. It was like a huge flame-spitting bubble machine. A series of fireballs bombarded Xu Tui one after another.

A piercing coldness came from his frozen feet. The icy mist spread up Xu Tui’s legs, intending to freeze his entire body.

The other four Extreme Branch cultivators also instantly arrived.

At this moment, Cheng Mo suddenly leaped over diagonally. The folding arm shield suddenly popped out from both sides, turning into an alloy shield that blocked the fireballs that were coming at him.

The sound of fireballs exploding rang out, and a sea of fire immediately rose.

The moment Cheng Mo pounced over to save the situation, the vegetation nearby began to grow rapidly. It was as if they were soldiers facing off against each other. They charged directly toward the five Extreme Branch Cultivators who were pouncing toward Xu Tui.

Under Gong Ling’s control, all the grass and trees were cleverly tied to one of these extreme-element martial artists. She could use her skills to slow them down or even take them down.

Gong Ling gently threw out a few grass seeds. The moment they landed on the ground, they had already grown into a meter-long sawtooth-like stem of dark green grass. Like a poisonous snake, it wrapped around the exposed skin of one of the Extreme Branch cultivators.

A sizzling electric light instantly exploded. The moment a bolt of lightning exploded, it lightly jumped between the five Extreme Branch Cultivators. The frequency of the electric explosion was extremely high. In an instant, a circle of lightning appeared between the five Extreme Branch cultivators.

Zuo Qingqing’s lightning was not very lethal. However, when the lightning entered his body, it numbed them and greatly interfered with the attacks of the five Extreme Branch Cultivators.

These five Extreme Branch cultivators could only use their energy to deal with the lightning with great difficulty.

In an instant, the situation changed.

Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing’s all-out attacks bought Xu Tui some time.

The flying sword that was a hundred meters away flew back. The shrill sound of air being torn apart made the ice-type supernatural being raise a huge ice shield immediately.

However, Xu Tui completely ignored the ice shield. With his current mind power, the flying sword was blasted a hundred meters away before flying back. That speed was not something that a single layer of ice shield could block.

The moment the flying sword approached, the ice-type supernatural being realized that something was wrong. He wanted to stack the ice shield again.

But it was too late.

The moment he realized it, the flying sword broke a small hole in his ice shield and pierced straight into his glabella.

The fire-element supernatural being was shocked. Before he could make a decision, one of the silver balls, which was circling, entered his ear at an extremely strange angle.

At the same time, the ice fog that had trapped Xu Tui slowly dissipated due to the death of the ice-type supernatural being.

There were only five Extreme Branch cultivators left.

There was no suspense.

Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and Zuo Qingqing would be able to hold them back. Now that Xu Tui had joined in, it was naturally a one-sided massacre.

Two of them wanted to escape, but they did not stand a chance against Xu Tui.

The battle is over for now.

Xu Tui immediately took out two Bionic Scout Hummingbirds from his backpack.

In any case, Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, and the others must have guessed that Xu Tui had unmanned reconnaissance equipment. They were not afraid of being exposed.

“Ah Huang, check the surrounding five kilometers. Inform me immediately if you find anyone approaching,” Xu Tui ordered in a low voice.

It was also at this moment that Xu Tui suddenly smelled the smell of burnt flesh.

Cheng Mo was gritting his teeth in pain. His expression was twitching.

Cheng Mo had used his folding shield to block the fireball. However, the high temperature of the Flame Balls sent Cheng Mo flying. At the same time, the folding shield burned red and almost melted. Even though the folding shield was made of a heat-resistant material, it was still too close.

The flesh on Cheng Mo’s left arm was burnt.

“Zuo Qingqing, stay on guard. Gong Ling, tie up the two remaining survivors. Cheng Mo, treat your wound first.”

Xu Tui gave the order in the shortest time possible. He thought for a moment and dialed a number.

It was a call to Tian Suqing, the director of the Capital Special Intelligence Division.

Xu Tui had wanted to call his teacher, An Xiaoxue. However, after thinking about it, the crisis was over for the time being. It was most useful to inform the Special Intelligence Division about what was going to happen next.

He would inform An Xiaoxue later.

“Researcher Xu?” The call was picked up very quickly. The Special Intelligence Division’s so-called special communication channel was indeed real.

“I was ambushed!”

“The coordinates, the number of enemies, and your current situation.” Tian Suqing was extremely professional. She did not waste any time and went straight to the most important situation.

“The enemies who ambushed me have been dealt with by me! However, our vehicle had been attacked by a repulsion electromagnetic bomb and could not leave the spot for the time being. We need backup. At the same time, I also need your professionals to investigate the information and related information about the robbers who ambushed me,” Xu Tui stated his request directly.

“According to your coordinates, you’re near the Dong’an Ridge. I’ll immediately inform the nearest special service team to rush over. It’ll take about half an hour. Please be discreet. If there’s an emergency, inform me immediately!”

“Alright. Thank you.”

By the time Xu Tui finished his call, Zuo Qingqing had already stepped on the repulsive force flying skateboard and was on alert.

At the same time, the Hummingbird that had just been released also transmitted the first wave of reconnaissance images. After Ah Huang’s analysis, it did not discover any threatening targets.

Gong Ling tied up the yaksha leader and the yellow-haired teenager who had been pierced through by Xu Tui with grass. She also used the paralyzing poison grass that she controlled to attack them.

This way, even if they broke free, there was no threat for the time being.

At the side, Cheng Mo was staring at the charred skin on his arm. He had just sprayed burn spray and was covered in cold sweat.

“Drink a bottle first.”

Xu Tui handed over a Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

Cheng Mo swallowed it.

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui began to amplify the original quantum frequency of Cheng Mo’s flesh growth.

An indescribable numbness crawled up his arm.

Cheng Mo could not help but let out a strange moan that he tried his best to suppress but could not.

This moan made Zuo Qingqing and Gong Ling look sideways.

Fortunately, it was broad daylight.

Fortunately, they saw that Xu Tui was helping Cheng Mo treat his injuries. God knew what the two of them were doing if they were separated by a wall or just listening to the sound!

In the next moment, Cheng Mo’s strange groans became louder and louder.

That voice made Zuo Qingqing turn her head. Gong Ling glared at Cheng Mo.

“Cheng Mo, can’t you bear with it a little longer? You’re a grown man. Little Tui is treating your injuries. Why are you groaning?”

“You… You’ll know if you try… Ah!” Cheng Mo suddenly shouted, “Little Tui, stop, stop for a moment! I beg you!”

“Mozi, your willpower is too weak! Then I’ll treat you after you rest for a few minutes. I’ll take a look at these two captives first.”

Cheng Mo, who had been looked down upon, collapsed to the ground. His arm no longer hurt much. There were even thick scars.

However, Cheng Mo felt that the treatment process just now was too terrifying.

He had almost…

If that was the case, he would rather be stabbed! This feeling was too terrifying!

Xu Tui first arrived in front of the blondie.

The blondie was miserable. His ping-pong balls had been destroyed, and his stomach organs had been pierced through. He had breathed in less and exhaled more. He was not far from death.

Xu Tui first treated the blondie teenager’s liver, which had a hole in it. He slowed down the bleeding and made the blondie teenager feel a little better.

“Tell me, why did you ambush us? Where did you get the information? If you tell me everything. I’ll treat you and you can still live!”

The blondie had already sensed Xu Tui’s healing abilities just now. He became anxious when he heard that he could live.

“It-it was… Boss, Boss who brought us here. It was just normal… plundering! When we see the repulsive force flying cars that are returning like this, we… we will attack!”

“You have a standing electromagnetic bomb?”

“Yes, if not… how do they get off the flying car?”

“Your team is so strong, and you even have two powerful supernatural beings. Are you going to guard this place every day and rob the people who pass by?” Xu Tui asked.

“Those… two supernatural beings are… new.”

“New? When did they join?”

“Five days ago.”

“Who brought them here? What is their background?”

“Boss brought them. We… don’t know!”

“Do you know who I am?” Xu Tui asked again.

“I don’t know.”

Xu Tui frowned when he heard that. He did not obtain much useful information. After treating the blondie teenager’s fatal injuries, he turned around and walked towards the masked man.

Xu Tui removed his mask and took a few photos of his face.

“Ah Huang, compare the data on the Internet.”

“Alright.”

After that, Xu Tui treated the yaksha-masked man’s fatal injuries. He stopped the bleeding so that he would not die in a short period of time.

“Just like the blondie, answer my questions properly. I’ll treat your injuries and let you live. Do you understand?” Xu Tui patted the man’s cheek.

The yaksha-masked man looked at Xu Tui and suddenly laughed. “I did not lose unjustly.”

“Do you know who I am?” Xu Tui’s expression changed as he quickly asked.

However, Xu Tui’s expression changed drastically. In his mental perception, an inexplicable energy aura erupted in the yaksha-masked man’s head.

Time Distortion!

Xu Tui instantly rolled backward as he reacted.

Bang!

At this moment, the yaksha-masked man’s head exploded like a ripe watermelon. It exploded into pieces.

When Xu Tui looked over again, he could not even find a complete skull.