Chapter 315 - Sinister Earth Spike (2)

Chapter 315: Sinister Earth Spike (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

At the same time, as he continued to approach the ground, the situation on the ground began to be reflected in Xu Tui’s mind through the two senses.

The number of enemies discovered was as high as ten!

Ten enemies wearing various masks and holding various hot and cold weapons were staring fixedly at the two falling flying cars.

Looking at the various weapon configurations, this was definitely the configuration of a combat team.

Bang!

The repulsive force flying car landed on the ground with a loud bang. Xu Tui was jolted out of his seat.

However, his Earth Perception had also increased by another 20 meters. At the same time, his mental perception also accurately sensed the situation within a 42-meter radius after he landed.

Eleven enemies!

110 meters away, there was a man holding a shoulder-mounted launcher. He was on high alert.

“If you want to live, get out of the car.” A man with short yellow hair rushed forward immediately. He slammed the car window and roared at Xu Tui.

“What are you trying to do? This is the Huaxia Sector!” Xu Tui shouted angrily. He also turned on the motorcycle’s loudspeaker system.

They could communicate internally and externally to stall for time.

At the same time, Xu Tui’s mental perception immediately searched for a chance to turn the tables. He had to find the other party’s heavy weapons controller and the strongest person.

If Xu Tui could not deal with the opponent’s heavy-weapon controller, he would be able to send the repulsive force flying into the sky with a single blow from the opponent’s heavy-weapon.

At that time, everything would be over!

As expected, Xu Tui immediately found a burly man in the crowd surrounding them. He was carrying a large handheld laser cannon. As long as this laser cannon was aimed at the repulsive-force flying cars, it would be able to break through the body of the repulsive-force flying cars.

When the yellow-haired man saw Xu Tui shouting in anger, he pointed at Xu Tui with a look of disdain and scolded, “You idiot, of course we’re going to rob you! But we have rules.

“Hand over all your belongings and I’ll let you live!”

After saying that, the yellow-haired man pointed in the direction of the laser cannon and threatened, “Otherwise, this thing only needs one shot to penetrate or even blow up your flying car.”

“How can you guarantee our safety after we hand over our belongings?”

Xu Tui continued to try to communicate with them. He wanted to find the leader of these people.

It was obvious that the blondie hesitated for a moment after Xu Tui asked the question. He looked at the other man who was wearing a yaksha mask.

“Boss, he asked how we can guarantee their safety?”

“Useless!”

The yaksha-masked man shouted and walked directly to Xu Tui’s flying car. He shouted at Xu Tui, “Get out of the car within three seconds. Otherwise, you will die.”

Xu Tui instinctively felt a little surprised. This plundering team seemed to be talking too much. If he had been the one to plunder, he would have fired a laser cannon at the flying car after it entered his shooting range.

“Three!”

“Two!”

“One!”

However, the yaksha leader was extremely decisive. Three seconds had just passed when he let out a fierce roar and suddenly punched the bulletproof glass of Xu Tui’s flying car.

The bulletproof glass did not budge.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The man in the yaksha mask punched three times in a row. The energy field that erupted from each punch was stronger than the last! The moment the third punch landed, the protective glass on Xu Tui’s side of the window began to crack.

“F*ck, this isn’t a genetic evolver. He’s also a high-level genetic mutant, right?” Cheng Mo exclaimed!

Xu Tui made a corresponding judgment at that moment.

The yaksha leader in front of him is not a genetic evolver! If he was a Genetic Evolver, he would be able to shatter the bulletproof glass with a single punch without using his energy field.

After confirming that the leader was not a genetic evolver, Xu Tui felt much more confident.

The yaksha leader did not stop punching the car window.

Xu Tui estimated that he would need at most one or two more punches to break the car window. He had to react immediately!

Xu Tui’s concentration reached its peak in an instant. With a thought, he used his full strength to whip the yaksha masked leader.

However, Xu Tui was slightly taken aback when the mental whip hit the man. The feedback from the mental whip seemed to have an invisible barrier above the man’s head. It blocked Xu Tui’s mental whip and rendered it useless against him.

The man in the yaksha mask seemed to have noticed that Xu Tui was attacking him. He smiled coldly at Xu Tui. He looked as if victory was within his grasp as he threw another punch.

Crack! Crack!

The bulletproof glass immediately cracked in a large area, and it shattered!

Almost at the same time, Xu Tui had a thought. A small mountain instantly appeared above the yaksha-masked man’s head and smashed down.

The yaksha-masked man revealed a strange expression, but his movements and reaction were extremely fast. He pulled out the spear in his right hand at lightning speed, and a sonic boom and energy field erupted at the same time!

Bang!

The invisible mountain that Xu Tui had materialized was shattered by the spear of the man in the yaksha mask.

Even if the man in the yaksha mask was not a genetic evolver, he was definitely not far from becoming a Genetic Evolver!

However, a strange look flashed across Xu Tui’s eyes.

The Time Distortion ability was instantly activated! In 0.2 milliseconds of absolute reaction time, an earth spike shot out from between the yaksha-masked man’s legs like lightning!

Due to the application of the Time Distortion, this Earth Spike gave people the feeling that it was launched at the same time as the Mountain Formula.

The yaksha masked man, who had just shattered the Mountain Formula with his spear, had no time to react.

It was too sudden!

Moreover, the spear shattered the small mountain that Xu Tui had materialized. The yaksha-masked man exerted force with both feet and stepped on the ground as if it was rooted to the ground. He was unable to move as quickly as he usually did.

Pfft!

The yaksha-masked man suddenly let out an earth-shattering scream. He was convulsing in extreme pain! He did not know if it was Xu Tui’s venomous stab that destroyed the ping-pong ball or the back door. However, no matter where it exploded, the spikes pierced through the yaksha’s lower body and into his abdomen.

He did not know how many organs he had pierced through, but he was definitely seriously injured!

The blondie was stunned!

The other team members were also stunned!

None of them had expected their boss to be taken down.

However, in an instant, the blond teenager screamed and roared!

“Old Ma, blast it!”

“Forget it, focus fire!”

Bang!

As soon as the blondie finished speaking, Old Ma, who was holding a laser cannon, was smashed to the ground. Not only was his head smashed, but the laser cannon in his hand was also flattened!

However, this group of people was clearly well-trained. The consecutive accidents did not confuse them.

All kinds of firearms and energy weapons poured toward Xu Tui’s flying car.

Although the repulsive force flying car was bulletproof, it would not be able to last long under concentrated fire, especially with energy weapons.

At this moment, Xu Tui could start a massacre without any restraint.

However, he was still afraid.

In less than two seconds, Xu Tui conjured another earth spike and pierced it into the lower body of the yellow-haired teenager who was temporarily in command.

At the same time, Xu Tui drew out seven mental whips with average power.

The yaksha-masked man had the means to defend against Xu Tui’s mental attacks, but the others did not.

In an instant, the sound of bullets and energy attacks stopped.@@novelbin@@

Among these robbers, those with stronger mind power were affected on the spot. Those with weaker mind power were directly slapped down by Xu Tui.

“Get out of the car and kill!”

Xu Tui’s continuous mental attacks created an opportunity for everyone to launch a surprise attack.

Xu Tui was the first to get off the repulsive force flying car. The silver pill and the flying sword flew up at the same time. However, he did not immediately attack the seven robbers nearby.

The moment the flying sword soared into the sky, Xu Tui threw his mental chain onto the flying sword.

In the next moment, the flying sword let out an ear-piercing screech.

110 meters away, the robber who was controlling the shoulder launcher had just reloaded the launcher with a rocket. The moment he heard the strange sound and looked up, a silver light flashed and a line of blood appeared on his forehead.

This was the greatest threat!

At the same time, when the other seven robbers saw Xu Tui and the others rush out, five of them threw away their firearms and pounced over.

A large ball of icy mist emerged from the ground like a fountain. It instantly froze Xu Tui’s feet. He had trapped Xu Tui.

At the same time, flames appeared!

There were at least two supernatural beings!