Chapter 322 - The Relationship Between Perception Instantiation And Huaxia’S Ancient Dao Technique (2)

Chapter 322: The Relationship Between Perception Instantiation and Huaxia’s Ancient Dao Technique (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Then, I would conjure myself back. Although the process is very complicated, it’s very simple as long as you understand it,” Qu Qingshan said.

Xu Tui’s mind spun. “Mr. Qu, I understand a little now. It’s probably to merge ourselves with the original quantum frequency of the mountain.

“It’s visualization. Visualizing yourself as a mountain of original quantum frequencies.

“I roughly understand what you mean by visualization. It’s just a little roundabout,” Xu Tui said.

“Then I’ll give you a more traditional name. Among the ancient Dao techniques that circulated in Chinese mythology, there was a very magical Dao technique called Earth Escape Technique and Earth Traveling Technique.

“It seems more appropriate to use this to name the entangled state resonance of the mountain’s original quantum frequency,” Qu Qingshan said.

Qu Qingshan was talking about the Earth Escape Technique and the Earth Traveling Technique. However, Xu Tui immediately grasped another keyword. It was an ancient Dao technique from the legends of Huaxia.

This was because genetic ancient martial arts originated from ancient martial arts in Huaxia. Xu Tui had also studied related information and read a large number of books. Moreover, in order to study the illusory introspection brought about by his meditation technique, his research also involved part of the cultivation of Chinese Dao techniques.

Whether it was the meditation of Daoism, the meditation of Buddhism, or the meditation of ancient Indian secret techniques, they were all meditation.

However, all these meditations were the basics of ancient Dao techniques in Chinese mythology.

At the same time, there were visualization cultivation methods in the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique and the Buddhist secret techniques.

For example, the Buddhist monk with the Buddhist Commandment visualized the Great Mighty Heavenly Dragon. He would naturally have the Great Mighty Heavenly Dragon with him once he did it for a long time.

In the Huaxia Ancient Dao Techniques, the Daoist Foundation Establishment Technique and the Alchemy Cultivation Technique focused on visualization.

And now, Qu Qingshan had first mentioned that the cultivation guidance of the School of General Senses was visualization.

He also mentioned the entangled resonance state of the mountain’s original quantum frequency that he had just used. It was also called the Earth Escape Technique. It was very similar to the ancient Dao techniques in Chinese mythology.

Xu Tui suddenly thought of a possibility. Did the School of General Senses originate from the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique?

“Mr. Qu, what does the School of General Senses have to do with the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique?” Xu Tui suddenly asked.

Qu Qingshan’s expression suddenly became stunned. He did not expect Xu Tui to suddenly bring up such a complicated issue.

Qu Qingshan frowned and slowly shook his head.

“I can’t answer that question. Even with my current level of knowledge, I am still studying and researching. I could not give an answer. The only thing I can tell you is that it’s inextricably linked!

“Actually, it’s not only us, the School of General Senses. The entire Supernatural Branch, and even the abilities of your School of Enlightened Mind, can be related to the Huaxia Ancient Dao Techniques.”

Qu Qingshan gave Xu Tui an example as he spoke.

“For example, in the ancient myths of Huaxia, there was a sword immortal who flew on a sword and killed people thousands of miles away. You have a flying sword. You should know that. Of course, you haven’t reached that level yet.

“However, the second-generation descendant of your Genetic Miracle once used a flying sword to kill an enemy from thousands of kilometers away!” Qu Qingshan said.

“Damn, he’s so awesome. Can he really kill enemies from thousands of miles away? Did you see it with your own eyes?” Xu Tui’s interest was instantly piqued.

“I didn’t see it with my own eyes, but according to the information at that time, the second-generation descendant of your genetic miracle, Mr. Ji Guoliang, was in the capital. However, he killed a genetic evolver who committed a crime in the capital and escaped to the high seas with a single strike!”

Xu Tui still wanted to ask more questions, but Qu Qingshan waved his hand and rejected him. “If you want to know about genetic miracles, go and check it out yourself. Don’t interrupt me. I’m teaching you a lesson.”

Xu Tui was speechless.

“For example, the superpowers of the various elements of the Supernatural Branch can be related to the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique. It was the same for the School of General Senses.@@novelbin@@

“But many of the abilities of the School of General Senses did not come from the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique. Many of the things recorded in the Ancient Dao Technique were too profound. There was no way to cultivate them.

“However, the inspiration for many of the abilities of the School of General Senses came from the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique.

“For example, the original quantum frequency entangled state that I used just now was created by Chen Chuxuan, the expert of our School of General Senses. The inspiration for creation came from the Earth Escape Technique of the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique.

“In addition, many of our inspirations for the abilities of the School of General Senses came from the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique or related to the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique.

“Visualization! That’s how it came about!” Qu Qingshan said.

“Chen Chuxuan? A visualization technique? Is he considered the founder of the School of General Senses?” Xu Tui asked in confusion.

“No, Chen Chuxuan did not establish the School of General Senses, but he brought it to greater heights. Besides, he is still alive. If you have the chance to go to the extra-terrestrial in the future, you might be able to meet him and ask him for guidance,” Qu Qingshan said.

“Still alive, in the extra-terrestrial?”

Xu Tui was shocked. “Mr. Qu, why did Mr. Chen Chuxuan stayed in the extra-terrestrial all this time? Also, have you been to the extra-terrestrial? What does the extra-terrestrial look like?”

Hearing this, Qu Qingshan revealed a yearning expression. “I only went there once. Unfortunately, I wasn’t talented enough back then. I didn’t stay long before I returned. As for what it was exactly, I wasn’t too sure. I had stayed too short a time. I had not even been to the real extra-terrestrial.

“However, in a few years, after I advance a step further and nurture one or two core forces that can help me continue teaching, I’ll also make a trip to the extra-terrestrial!”