Chapter 320 - Stretch Your Head Over

Chapter 320: Stretch Your Head Over

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

In a villa in Lion City, the capital of the Sing-Malaysia Sector, Li Jin, the deputy director of the Huaya District Genetic Committee, was drinking kung fu tea in the flower yard. From time to time, he would look up at the starry sky and sigh.

There were many people around the villa. They were all guards, and electronic security facilities could be seen everywhere.

Suddenly, a middle-aged man flashed his identification and passed through the layers of guards to arrive in front of Li Jin.@@novelbin@@

“Zifeng, you’re here. What’s the matter?” Under such security measures, Li Jin had long been informed of the person’s arrival.

Li Zifeng was Li Jin’s trusted aide. To the outside world, he was the administrative assistant of Li Jin, the deputy director. To the inside, he was Li Jin’s security manager.

“Director, Yaksha has failed.”

Upon hearing this news, Li Jin was slightly stunned, but his expression did not change. Knowing Li Jin’s habits, Li Zifeng continued to report.

“Xu Tui’s strength is very strange. Not only did Yaksha fail, but he was also severely injured and captured by Xu Tui.

“However, before Xu Tui started his interrogation, Yaksha took the initiative to activate the self-destruction chip that he had implanted.”

“He activated the self-destruct chip.”

Hearing this, Li Jin chuckled. “Yaksha is not bad. Find a company that doesn’t have anything to do with him and bring his family into Sing City. Arrange for them to take up ordinary jobs. The entire family will be given a monthly salary based on their mid-level positions here until his parents die and his child graduates from university. If his wife had never remarried, she would also be taken care of till the day she died.”

“You’re kind, Director.”

Li Jin smiled and waved his hand. “I wouldn’t dare to say that I’m kind-hearted. Since the subordinates have risked their lives, we must not treat them badly. However, I was right this time, right?” Li Jin mentioned something again.

Li Zifeng lowered his head slightly and nodded.

“The Yaksha you sent out is a Level A genetic mutant and is extremely powerful, he had also hired two supernatural beings to assist in the battle. The lineup could already be considered luxurious.

“But he still failed. I’ve already told you that Genetic Miracles are the hardest to predict. It was often possible to achieve the impossible. You must be extremely careful when dealing with them,” Li Jin said casually, as if Yaksha’s failure had never happened.

“I was too careless. I didn’t expect Xu Tui to have hidden quite a bit of his strength just a few months after he entered the Genetic Miracle.”

“You didn’t leave any traces, did you?”

“No.

“All the previous contacts were encrypted channels, and it was a one-way communication. After the contact, the supercomputer even took the initiative to clean up all traces,” Li Zifeng said.

“Then let’s activate Plan No. 2.”

“Plan No.2? Isn’t it a pity to activate it so quickly? Plan No. 2 might get results soon.” Li Zifeng was a little hesitant.

Hearing this, Li Jin turned his head slightly and stared at Li Zifeng. The coldness in his gaze made Li Zifeng’s heart turn cold.

“Zifeng, we have to prioritize everything first! For the main goal, we have to give up on some secondary things.”

Li Zifeng shivered and immediately nodded.

“Director, I understand. I’ll arrange and activate Plan No. 2 immediately.”

“Remember to clean up the traces first. The Huaxia Sector is not to be trifled with!”

“Understood!”

…

When he returned to the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College, Xu Tui went through his usual training before he went to bed. He even activated the Mountain Formula’s genetic base point and the Stab Formula’s genetic base point before falling into a deep sleep.

However, he slept exceptionally soundly.

In the past, Xu Tui would be able to wake up full of energy as long as he slept for six hours in school.

Xu Tui woke up today and looked at the time. It was already 7:40 a.m. He slept for more than eight hours last night.

“Oh no, I’m going to be late for class.”

Xu Tui looked at the time and suddenly got up. He was about to rush to the bathroom. He had just placed his hand on the door when he suddenly froze. Right now, as long as he passed the corresponding theoretical subjects, it did not matter if he attended classes or not.

Xu Tui was stunned for a moment before he lay back down on the bed. At that moment, he felt as if he had returned to high school.

Only after experiencing war would one understand the value of safety. Similarly, after experiencing the chaos and insecurity in the wilderness, he finally understood how precious stability in the Huaxia Sector was.

Xu Tui believed that Cheng Mo, Gong Ling, Zuo Qingqing had the same understanding.

In the morning, the first-year students would usually have a mind power training class, a neurological reaction speed class, or a professional cultivation class. There would also be a few theory classes.

In the afternoon, there were combat training classes of different departments, with one or two professional theory classes mixed in.

Xu Tui had already completed his professional theory class on his own. He had even completed his second-year theory class on his own. He did not need to attend any other classes, such as the mind power training class or the reaction speed class.

Therefore, Xu Tui’s current learning time was almost completely free.

After he relaxed, he was no longer in a hurry. He slowly brushed his teeth and washed his face. Then, he went to the Bravehearts Food Center to have a good breakfast. He was full.

Although he had been eating hot food these few days, his goal was only to fill his stomach. It had nothing to do with delicious food.

Then, Xu Tui returned to the dormitory and continued cultivating.

He had already activated seven genetic base points in the Mountain Formula’s genetic ability chain. He still had one genetic base point left. Once the last genetic base point of the Mountain Formula was activated, the ability of the Mountain Formula would increase and change again.

It was the same for the Stab Formula.

Safety was not a problem in school. Xu Tui could naturally focus on his cultivation.

Two and a half hours later, not only did the genetic base points on the genetic ability chain of the Mountain Formula completely activate, even the remaining two genetic base points on the genetic ability chain of the Stab Formula were also successfully activated.

It could not be helped. As Xu Tui’s mind power became stronger and his cultivation efficiency increased, the speed at which he activated his genetic base points would increase.

Xu Tui was not in a hurry to try it out after it was activated.

On the 16th floor, although he could still sense the original quantum frequency of the mountain and still materialize the Mountain Formula and Stab Formula, there was still a certain difference from materializing on the ground.

Since it was not lunchtime yet, Xu Tui went to the library to soak for another hour.

Xu Tui realized that he preferred the life of studying and cultivating in the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

He had a wonderful lunch break for an hour and a half.

Xu Tui felt that the fatigue from the mission had been completely eliminated.

In the afternoon, Xu Tui went straight to the Perception Instantiation Research Center after he asked Qu Qingshan where he was.

“Why? Did you encounter difficulties in your cultivation?”

Qu Qingshan, who had a bright forehead, smiled when he saw Xu Tui. “Ask me directly. I’ll answer if I can. We’ll discuss the questions that we can’t answer ourselves.”

“Mr. Qu, it’s like this. How can this Mountain Formula switch between reality and illusion? Also, how can I borrow the power of the earth to increase its power?”

Back then, Ji Gui was able to suppress his peers with just the Mountain Formula because he had extremely deep attainments in the Mountain Formula. He could easily switch between reality and illusion and could also borrow the power of the earth to increase its power.

According to what was said at that time, as long as Ji Gui stepped on the ground, he would not be defeated!

“Switching between reality and illusion?”

Qu Qingshan glanced at Xu Tui. He raised his hand and struck Xu Tui with his fist.

Time Distortion. 0.2 milliseconds of absolute reaction time.

Xu Tui turned his head slightly and dodged the attack.

Qu Qingshan’s expression darkened. This was really a godly reaction speed. He could not even hit Xu Tui at a distance of half a meter apart when they’re facing each other?

“Xu Tui, don’t dodge the next time I hit you!” Qu Qingshan said with a dark expression.

“Why can’t I dodge?”

Xu Tui did not quite understand.

“You’re a student, and I’m a teacher. If you make a mistake, I’ll knock your head. Is there a problem?” Qu Qingshan asked.

“Nothing wrong with that.”

Xu Tui nodded heavily. “As long as I make a mistake, there’s nothing wrong with kicking me, let alone knocking my head.”

“That’s right. Don’t dodge in the future! I knocked on you to teach you a lesson. If you continued to dodge, you would be disobeying your division commander. Tell me, how can I teach a student like you in the future?”

Qu Qingshan rolled up his sleeves. “Come, move your head closer. Don’t dodge. Let me teach you a lesson.”

Xu Tui had a puzzled look on his face, but he also expressed his refusal.

“Mr. Qu, are you saying that I made a mistake? You knocked on me to teach me a lesson?” Xu Tui asked.

“That’s right!”

Qu Qingshan flexed his fingers and glared at Xu Tui. “Do you think I have nothing better to do?”

“The problem is, I didn’t do anything wrong, right? Even if I made a mistake and was punished without being taught, that is still your fault,” Xu Tui said.

“You even mentioned that I should be punished for not teaching?” Qu Qingshan chuckled coldly. “Then let me ask you. Didn’t I tell you that if you want to switch between reality and illusion, you have to have internal and external resonance? Only then can you turn illusions into reality and obtain true superpowers.”

“That’s right.” Xu Tui nodded.

“That’s right, why are you asking me? You probably sensed the original quantum frequency of the mountain when you went out this time, right? However, just as you sensed the original quantum frequency of the mountain, you became arrogant.

“Not only did you become arrogant, but you are also ambitious enough to ask how to borrow the power of the earth.

“Tell me, who should I teach a lesson to if not you? Come, come, come. Move your head closer to me. If I don’t fix your proud tail today, how can I let you walk further on the path of Perception Instantiation in the future?”

As he spoke, Qu Qingshan became angry.

Xu Tui scratched his head in confusion. So that was how it was.

Xu Tui suddenly had an idea. He instantly cut into the original quantum frequency of the mountain and materialized the word ‘mountain’.

It was directly above Qu Qingshan’s head.

Almost at the same moment that the small mountain was above Qu Qingshan’s head, Qu Qingshan’s expression changed drastically and he let out a strange cry.

With his mind power, he disappeared without any warning!