Chapter 327 - An Extremely Protective Organization (3

Chapter 327: An Extremely Protective Organization (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

He did not want to affect An Xiaoxue’s mood at night. In any case, Xu Tui’s mood had been affected.

What Xu Tui did not know was that An Xiaoxue’s mood had been affected.

While Xu Tui was communicating with Tian Suqing, An Xiaoxue was also frowning when she saw the report that Ah Huang had gotten about the abnormal movements of the commercial satellites of the New Tower Communications Company, which was a subsidiary of the India Genetic Committee.

After reading it, her expression turned cold.

“What a clean excuse! They were invaded, lost control for a moment, and then found their way back!” An Xiaoxue sneered. She suddenly asked, “Ah Huang, can you invade and control these three commercial satellites?”

“If it’s a full-powered attack, it’s still possible to invade and obtain some data. However, to invade and control, this is not something that a full-powered attack can do. I need hardware support or special password support or some special backdoor channels to achieve control,” Ah Huang said.

“So, under normal circumstances, it’s fine to invade, but it’s impossible to control these commercial satellites to make a reconnaissance operation?”

“Yes, Xiaoxue. Unless there is an internal command or a special control channel that is temporarily opened!” Ah Huang said.

“It seems that the reason why these three commercial satellites are monitoring Xu Tui at such a critical moment is because they have the cooperation of the internal staff of the New Tower Communications Company under the India Genetic Committee?” An Xiaoxue asked.

“In theory, that’s the only possibility. Unless someone climbed onto the satellite and directly added a physical invasion interface to the satellite,” Ah Huang said.

“I understand.”

An Xiaoxue’s expression turned even colder.

“The New Tower Communications Company under the India Genetic Committee did it cleanly. They had sent a notice to the Blue Star Genetic Committee the day before yesterday saying that their three commercial satellites had been invaded and temporarily lost control.

“After the incident, they regained control. Then, they cleared all the data and rebuilt the data defense. They’re pretty good at destroying the evidence!”

An Xiaoxue’s tone became colder and colder. “But they have forgotten that there is no problem with their methods of dealing with other government organizations. However, our Genetic Miracle is a small organization. And one that is extremely protective of its members.”

As she sneered, An Xiaoxue suddenly said, “Ah Huang, send this information to Mr. He. Then call Mr. He. Don’t encrypt it.”

“No encryption?” Ah Huang was a little puzzled, but it immediately understood.

A few minutes later, a middle-aged man’s voice sounded on the phone.

“Xiaoxue, I saw the information you sent just now. Is the child alright?” He Yunfeng asked.

“He’s fine. He probably doesn’t know yet! However, I already know. I feel very uncomfortable and angry!”

“Haha, Xiaoxue, you’re actually angry. It seems that Ah Huang is right. You’re very concerned about this student!” He Yunfeng laughed.

“Ah Huang!” An Xiaoxue shouted angrily at the top of her head, “You said everything. Go and convert the various sounds of barking dogs into quantum data. Write it down for me for three hours.”

“Xiaoxue, don’t. I only said that you were very concerned about Xu Tui. I didn’t…”

“Write for four hours.”

“Xiaoxue, really…”

“Five hours!”

This time, Ah Huang went silent. It silently projected a screen and countless codes appeared. From time to time, it would even turn into two strange dog barks.@@novelbin@@

“Xiaoxue, why are you angry? I was very concerned about you back then.” He Yunfeng smiled.

“Is that so? Mr. He, I remember that you only taught me for two years before you ran off to the extra-terrestrial! Even many of the experiments in the research institute were done by Ah Huang using video materials to guide me.” An Xiaoxue’s voice was filled with dissatisfaction.

“Hahahaha, that’s because you’re a genius, Xiaoxue! Alright, let’s cut the crap. I’ll settle this matter and give you the results tomorrow.”

“Alright, if you don’t satisfy me, I’ll go to the extra-terrestrial next year. Then you can take over the Research Institute Number 14 yourself!” An Xiaoxue threatened.

“Don’t worry, I’ll definitely satisfy you!”