Chapter 326 - An Extremely Protective Organization (2) Translator: Henyee Tran

Chapter 326: An Extremely Protective Organization (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

It was quite a harvest.

At the end of the investigation report was Nie Fei’s contact information.

Xu Tui needed to contact Nie Fei on how to deal with the loot.

The investigation report did not surprise Xu Tui. The fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary sorcerer chip was the highlight.

Now, he was just waiting for the results of Tian Suqing’s investigation into the source of Yaksha’s information.

After waiting for about three minutes, Xu Tui’s had a call from a mysterious number.

“Unknown encrypted frequency calling. Should we trace it?” Ah Huang’s voice suddenly sounded.

“No need.”

This should be a call from Tian Suqing, the director of the Special Intelligence Division in the capital.

“Researcher Xu, it’s me. First of all, I want to make it clear to you that the conclusion I’m about to give you is just a conclusion I revealed to you in private. According to the rules, this conclusion could not be revealed. Therefore, it’s good that you know about it so that you won’t have any doubts in the future.” Tian Suqing spoke very quickly, but her words were very clear.

“Thank you.” Xu Tui thanked her first.

“We didn’t find any real-time intelligence sources from Yaksha in the normal channels, including the radio signals from all of your companions’ electronic devices. We’ve checked and there are no problems.

“However, Yaksha knows your real-time movements. Finally, we directed our suspicions toward space.”

“Space?” This hint suddenly made Xu Tui think of something.

“That’s right. There are thousands of artificial celestial bodies in space. Most of them are communication satellites or other satellites with other missions. However, thanks to the current technology, most satellites could be used for intelligence reconnaissance missions.@@novelbin@@

“We specially investigated the information changes of the satellites that Yaksha passed through after they arrived at the ambush area.

“We discovered that within two days, there were a total of three satellites in different orbits. When they passed through the Dong’an Ridge area, the cameras of these three satellites were in a continuous state of activity and had abnormal signal transmission.

“These three satellites with different orbits have been monitoring you perfectly for two days,” Tian Suqing said.

Xu Tui was stunned.

“Director Tian, are you saying that I’m being monitored by three satellites? My enemies actually used three satellites to accurately find my whereabouts!”

At that moment, Xu Tui had an exceptionally magical feeling. Before this, he was just a nobody from Jincheng Prefecture. He had to consider the cost of the set meal when using his personal communication device.

He did not expect to be monitored by three satellites! The person who dealt with him was really generous! From another perspective, the mastermind behind Yaksha was definitely shockingly powerful to be able to use three satellites.

“That’s right. The person who dealt with you is quite generous,” Tian Suqing said.

“By the way, Director Tian, you should know which satellite these three are, right?”

“I do, but it’s useless. These three satellites are all commercial satellites belonging to a communication company under the India Genetic Committee,” Tian Suqing said.

“Are the people from the India Genetic Committee messing with me?” This was Xu Tui’s first reaction.

“Not necessarily. It’s hard to say. There’s no evidence.”

“Director Tian, can’t we use the abnormal movements of the commercial satellites as evidence?”

“Theoretically, yes. But what can we do with the evidence? We can only prove that the three commercial satellites were acting strangely. We can’t prove what they did or what signals they transmitted.”

At this point, Tian Suqing’s voice deepened slightly. “Also, there’s something else I have to tell you. The day before yesterday, the companies that owned these three commercial satellites had sent a notice to the Blue Star Genetic Committee. They explained that their three commercial satellites had been invaded by a powerful supercomputer and temporarily lost control.

“Fortunately, their technicians have regained control of the three commercial satellites through full-force repair. They have also rewritten all the data and set up more advanced data protection.”

“They avoided responsibility?”

“Yes, but it might be true,” Tian Suqing said cautiously.

“Researcher Xu, that’s all I can tell you. I hope you’ll pay more attention when you go out in the future. Although the satellite’s reconnaissance is powerful, it can still be avoided as long as we pay more attention,” Tian Suqing said.

“Thank you, Director Tian.” Xu Tui took a deep breath and thanked her again.

“You’re welcome. This is my responsibility. Researcher Xu, you are an important target for our protection. If anything happens, please inform us immediately.”

“Understood.”

Xu Tui felt a little depressed after the call ended.

It was caused by the commercial satellite of the communication company under the India Genetic Committee. It was no wonder that Yaksha could block him so accurately. With such a huge pair of eyes staring at them, it would be difficult not to ambush them.

However, what made Xu Tui depressed was that even though he knew who was behind this, he could not continue investigating, let alone take revenge.

Xu Tui did not blame Tian Suqing, the director of the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital. After all, she had only told Xu Tui about the satellite after a comprehensive intelligence analysis. There was no clear evidence.

Xu Tui had wanted to tell An Xiaoxue about this immediately. However, when he looked at the time, it was almost 10 p.m so he did not call An Xiaoxue as it was too late.

He would tell An Xiaoxue when he delivered lunch tomorrow.