Chapter 328 - Satellite Explosion And Dominating Will

Chapter 328: Satellite Explosion and Dominating Will

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

New Dehli.

The capital of the India Sector in this era.

As the Minister of Information and Communication for the Genetic Committee of the India Sector, Givari arrived at the office early in the morning. He was in a good mood.

As soon as he sat down, the beautiful secretary brought him the tea and snacks.

When one was old, looking at beautiful things would always be pleasing to the eye.

It was customary for Givari to enjoy his refreshments before beginning his day’s work.

But before Givari could start enjoying his refreshments, his personal communications device beeped.

A call came in.

Givari frowned slightly. He did not like the way his life was being disrupted.

However, most of the people who could access his personal communication device had a social status equivalent to his.

Although it was a relatively unfamiliar phone number, he still had to answer it.@@novelbin@@

“Givari, Minister of the Information and Communication Department of the India Genetic Committee?” The moment the call connected, a series of impolite questions came through.

Givari wanted to hang up, but his years of experience made him listen patiently. The other party knew his identity and still dared to be so rude. He might have something to rely on.

“I am.”

“Oh, I’m He Yunfeng.”

“He Yunfeng?”

Givari frowned. He had never heard the man’s name before.

He wanted to flare up. As the Minister of the Information and Communication Department, it was a disgrace to the Information and Communication Department that such a person could make a call to his personal communication device.

“Oh, you might not have heard of my name. I have a nickname, He Wanjian.”

“He Wanjian?”

Givari frowned. The name was familiar to him. He had heard it many times, but for a moment he could not remember who it was.

He seemed to be very powerful.

“May I know why you are looking for me?”

“He Yunfeng, He Wanjian, check it out.” Givari wrote a line of words and handed it to the beautiful secretary.

When the beautiful secretary saw this, she quickly searched through the special database and was stunned. She hurriedly handed the information she had found to Givari.

“It’s like this. In the New Tower Communications Company under the India Genetic Committee, three satellites were hacked and lost control. Then, someone took the opportunity to monitor my grand-disciple and ambushed him.

“What do you guys mean by this?” He Yunfeng’s voice on the phone was full of questions. It was the same tone that Givari used when he scolded his subordinates. It made him very uncomfortable.

Givari was about to flare up when he suddenly saw the information about He Yunfeng that the beautiful secretary handed to him.

Genetic mutation realm, quasi-Planetary realm powerhouse, genetic miracle, Ji Guoliang’s only student.

When lines of keywords appeared in front of Givari’s eyes, his heart tightened. He instantly sat up straight. While his head was working at high speed, Givari began to think about this matter.

He knew that the three satellites of the New Tower Communications Company had gone out of control.

As the Minister of Information and Communication Department of the India Genetic Committee, he knew the details.

It was not strange for it to be invaded, but there was a problem if it lost control.

Most importantly, he knew about this loss of control. That was because the backdoor code of the three commercial satellites had been handed over to a high-ranking deputy director of the India Genetic Committee with his tacit approval.

Givari immediately realized the trouble.

“This… Mr. He, we are currently investigating this matter thoroughly. When we find out, we will definitely give you a detailed result.

“Also, I wonder how your grand-disciple is doing. Is he injured?” As a politician, Givari began to probe He Yunfeng’s background even as he promised without making any guarantees.

However, He Yunfeng’s reaction was completely unexpected.

“Givari, I’m not calling you to ask for the results. I’m just informing you not to provoke people from the Genetic Miracles. If you do, you’ll have to pay the price,” He Yunfeng suddenly said.

“What do you mean, Mr. He?” Givari asked cautiously.

“You’ll know what I mean soon. Oh right, let me tell you one last time. I like to double my numbers. If something similar happens again, the number of satellites I’ll destroy will double.

“Of course, if you have enough satellites, just pretend I didn’t say anything. Oh right, remember to give me an explanation for this matter. Otherwise, I’ll explode three more satellites!”

With that, He Yunfeng hung up the phone.

“What are you trying to do, Mr. He? Let’s discuss this properly…”

The dial tone on the phone made Givari frown.

“Exploding a satellite?”

Bewildered, Givari felt that he could not let his guard down. He quickly instructed the beautiful secretary, “Connect me to the security of the extra-terrestrial…”

It was at this moment that an urgent knock sounded on the door. It was not a polite knock, and it made Givari feel even worse.

Then, the person who came in was the president of New Tower Communications Company, which was a subsidiary of the India Genetic Committee.

Talmar, who had entered, looked pale and anxious.

“Minister, something has happened.”

“Something happened?” Givari’s expression changed.

“Our company’s six commercial satellites were attacked and exploded!”

“What?”

Givari stood abruptly.

“Are you sure?”

“Minister, this is the last image sent back before we lost contact with the six satellites. Also, this is the abnormal image captured by the nearby satellites.”

Talma, the president of the New Tower Communications Company, was already close to sobbing.

Givari quickly took it and read it.

In each of the six images, a silver light passed through a satellite, and the flames exploded.

After the image was zoomed in and analyzed, all he saw was a silver flying sword!

Flying Sword Explosion!

Then Givari looked at the last image.

It was an abnormal image captured by a nearby satellite. A ball of light flew out when it was about a hundred kilometers away from the satellites.

In just 30 seconds, the silver light formed by the flying sword exploded six satellites of the New Tower Communications Company.

Instantly, Givari understood.

He Yunfeng.

He Wanjian!

He Wanjian must have done it. He had already said that he would destroy their satellites.

There was even a warning that it would be doubled.

Givari slowly sat back in his chair at the image. His expression was ugly!

This responsibility was too great.

Seeing that the minister was stunned, Talmar, the president of the New Tower Communications Company, became anxious. “Minister, say something. What should we do about this?

“You were the one who asked me for the backdoor code.”

Givari stared coldly at Talmar. “Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, asked me for it. Why don’t you ask him?”

Talmar shuddered. Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee, was the second-in-command of the India Sector. How could he dare to ask? Even if he had the guts to ask, he would not be able to see him.

“Minister, what should we do about this? It’s a total of six satellites! Who dares to destroy our satellites? Should we inform the Extraterrestrial Affairs Department?” Talmar was anxious.

The cost of a commercial satellite was at least 200 million. Compared to that, the cost of more than 10 million yuan to launch it was nothing.

Six satellites had been destroyed. This was a loss of 1.5 billion.

At the same time, after these satellites were destroyed, they were still floating in the orbit of their India Sector. The cost of cleaning up this space trash in the future was also very expensive.

Two billion!

It was a loss of at least two billion!

This was not something he, the president of New Tower Communications Company, could handle.

If there had not been any powerful intervention, including the subsequent collateral damage caused by the six satellites, the commercial compensation, and so on, the New Tower Communications Company would have to declare bankruptcy.

As for him…

“Go back first. I’ll contact the higher-ups later and tell you what to do,” Givari, who had fallen into a chair, said slowly.

“Minister!”

Talmar was on the verge of tears. He started to say something, but Givari’s glare stopped him. He had no choice but to leave.

A few minutes later, Givari used an encrypted channel to call Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee.

The voice on the phone was a little dull.

Fifteen minutes later, Li Jin, the deputy director of the Huaya Genetic Committee, who was far away in Sing-Malaysia Sector, Lion City, received a call from Nilab, the deputy director of the India Genetic Committee.

“Old friend, if you tell me that you used our satellites to deal with Ji Qianli and He Wanjian’s students, I will definitely not let you borrow the satellite rights.

“Now, six of our satellites have been destroyed by that lunatic He Wanjian. What do you think we should do?”

“This lunatic dared to destroy the satellite. Does he really think that the Blue Star Genetic Committee is just for show?”

“There’s no evidence, and the satellite feed isn’t clear.” Nilab’s voice was resigned.

Li Jin frowned. “Then how did you know?”

“He Wanjian called to threaten my Information and Communication Minister.”

“Alright, I’m sorry. I didn’t expect He Wanjian to be so bold as to destroy the satellite with just a little speculation. I’ll make it up to you,” Li Jin agreed readily.

There were too many ways to compensate them.

“By the way, He Wanjian still needs an explanation! What I mean is, I would much prefer the explanation of the death of He Wanjian in the extra-terrestrial.” Nilab said.

Hearing this, Li Jin laughed. “I have the same thoughts. If there’s a chance, we can work together.”

“No problem. Of course, we have to add a few more targets!” Nilab’s voice on the other end of the line suddenly became gloomy.

“In the past few years, these quasi-planetary and planetary-level cultivators have become more and more restless. If there was a chance, we should still give them a warning!

“Even if they are quasi-planetary or even planetary-level cultivators, so what? The Blue Star and the extra-terrestrial will still obey our will!”

“I think so too!”

Over the phone, Li Jin’s voice suddenly became serious. “I think we need to plan this properly. We’ll give them a chance to show our will again!”

“It seems that we have to ask a few more people to chat with us!” Nilab’s voice was already relaxed and amused.