Chapter 323 - The Relationship Between Perception Instantiation And Huaxia'S Ancient Dao Technique (3)

Chapter 323: The Relationship Between Perception Instantiation and Huaxia’s Ancient Dao Technique (3)

Xu Tui wanted to ask more questions, but Qu Qingshan once again rejected him. “Don’t ask too much about the matters of the extra-terrestrial. We have signed confidentiality agreements and some very mysterious restrictions.

“You’ll definitely have a chance to go anyway. You’ll know when you get there.”

At this point, Qu Qingshan, who had reacted, became angry. “Look, you made me digress. I said I was going to give you a lecture. Don’t interrupt me.”

Xu Tui quickly expressed that he would listen attentively.

However, Qu Qingshan thought for a moment before rubbing his forehead and saying helplessly, “By the way, where were we?”

!!

“Mr. Qu, you’re talking about visualization.”

“Yes, visualization. To a certain extent, you can visualize everything you want, and you can materialize anything you visualize,” Qu Qingshan said.

“Everything I want will come true?” Xu Tui concluded.

“That’s a little interesting. All of the abilities of the School of General Senses come from visualization. However, the first taboo of visualization is that one can’t visualize too much before reaching a certain level,” Qu Qingshan said.

“You can’t visualize too much?”

“Someone had once visualized for more than 20 years according to the ancient Chinese myths about moving mountains and seas. In the end, his mind power withered and he became a vegetable.”

“He visualized till he became a vegetable?” Xu Tui gasped.

“Therefore, for now, try your best to visualize the abilities that our School of General Senses has already concluded. These abilities have been practiced by our predecessors, so it will be easier for you to succeed.

“When you reach the end of your current exploration on a certain original quantum frequency, you can start trying out new visualizations!” Qu Qingshan said.

“I’ll remember it, Mr. Qu! However, Mr. Qu, how do you switch between reality and illusions? You still haven’t explained it after so long.” Xu Tui was puzzled.

Qu Qingshan stared at Xu Tui with extreme dissatisfaction when he heard that. “You have amazing talent. But sometimes, you are ridiculously stupid!

“Visualization! I’ve said it so many times. You have to rely on visualization!” Qu Qingshan shouted at Xu Tui. He even spat on Xu Tui’s face.

“Visualization is also divided into internal and external, reality and illusion! You relied on visualization to materialize the Mountain Formula. This was internal, and this was the illusion. However, at the same time, when you conjured the Mountain Formula, you could still materialize it again through visualization!@@novelbin@@

“You could make the word ‘mountain’ solid! If you have achieved many aspects, you might even be able to make the word ‘mountain’ become real one day!” Qu Qingshan roared.

“Mr. Qu, what do you mean by turning solid into reality?”

“It’s the kind that really materializes a mountain!”

“You can do that?”

Xu Tui was dumbfounded.

“Remember, all the essence of the School of General Senses and all the mystical changes are concentrated in the word visualization. Of course, how much you can visualize and transform depends on your comprehension and certain understandings…”

…

Qu Qingshan told Xu Tui a lot. Not only did he shock Xu Tui, but he also gained a lot. However, many things were very idealistic and mysterious.

On the way back, a series of questions suddenly popped up in Xu Tui’s mind.

The Supernatural Branch’s abilities were similar to the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique. It was the same for the School of Enlightened Mind. The inspiration for many of the School of General Senses’s abilities came from the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique.

Then, could his meditation and introspection also be related to the Huaxia Ancient Dao Technique?

Also, the Mystery Branch was closely related to Huaxia’s ancient Dao techniques. The genetic ancient martial arts originated from Huaxia’s ancient martial arts.

Did this mean that the things in the Huaxia historical books that had been completely overthrown by science could also exist? But science could not explain or reproduce it?

Could it be that the sages of Huaxia thousands of years ago had actually embarked on the path of genetic evolution?

Or could it be said that the current genetic evolution was re-enacting the evolution path of the Huaxia sages?

If not, what was the essence of genetic evolution now?