Chapter 324 - Parents Will Only Save Money And

Chapter 324: Parents Will Only Save Money and Investigation Results

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The more complicated and profound something was, the easier it was to explain it.

Visualization!

This word is the general cultivation outline of the School of General Senses.

It was very simple. However, when he tried to visualize and cultivate, Xu Tui realized that it was extremely complicated.

It was not as simple as visualizing a mountain. It required a degree of cognition. If one did not have a specific understanding of the mountain, it would be very difficult to match the original quantum frequency of the mountain and visualize it.

Xu Tui concluded that regardless of whether it was the original quantum frequency of the mountain, the visualization of the mountain, the visualization of the earth spikes, and so on, he had formed his abilities so quickly.

Actually, it was all related to Bian Yuan’s previous guidance.

Bian Yuan gave him a large number of books related to the mountains, especially those ancient books that had a mysterious smell.@@novelbin@@

In those ancient books, mountains were not purely material. Even mountains had spirituality. Different mountains had different characteristics.

Mountains were also a kind of existence.

It was precisely because Xu Tui had studied these things that he had reached a certain level of understanding even though he had yet to fully understand some of them. Therefore, he could sense the original quantum frequency of the mountain, visualize the mountain, visualize the Earth Spike, and even sense the earth.

Everything happened naturally. Of course, mind power and microscopic perception were also prerequisites.

As he reflected on this, Xu Tui suddenly had a clearer understanding of his future path, which was also his mid-term goal. He cultivated, visualized, and studied various ancient books. Especially ancient books related to mountains, water, wind, fire, and wood.

Xu Tui even found many ancient Huaxia myths and legends that had been criticized by others as fantasy and dross from Mr. Bian Yuan.

In these extremely simplified ancient books, a few words often contained multiple meanings.

Of course, Xu Tui had not forgotten the main cultivation direction of the School of Enlightened Mind.

Mind power was the first factor.

Other than that, Xu Tui also began to have plans to strengthen himself. For example, he could strengthen the first genetic base point of the Mountain Formula’s genetic ability chain to level two silver.

This caused the size of the mountain that Xu Tui had conjured to increase to seven meters. If he smashed down, he would definitely smash a large area.

At this rate, it would be 49 square meters.

However, Xu Tui realized that as the size of the mountain he could materialize increased, the consumption of his mind power also increased.

On the contrary, after Xu Tui strengthened the first genetic base point of the Stab Formula’s Genetic Ability Chain to Level 2 silver, the Earth Spike’s ability had greatly increased. However, the consumption of mind power did not increase by much.

This made Xu Tui prefer to use the spikes. He had also tried to visualize some other changes during his cultivation to see if he could succeed.

It was November 2137. It had been three to four days since Xu Tui returned from his mission.

In the evening, Xu Tui received a call from Luo Shifeng.

“Xu Tui, there will be a few academic conferences next week. You can attend them if you have time.”

“Mr. Luo, just make the arrangements for those that are convenient for us to come and go, won’t waste any time, and make good arrangements. Of course, this includes the transportation fee.”

Xu Tui was still very eager about being able to earn hundreds of thousands just by making a trip.

“Kid, you made something as high-end as an academic conference feel like it’s a money-giving machine. What was important was academics, understood!

“The fare is not important to us. Of course, if the invitation party doesn’t show any sincerity in the transportation fee, it means that they don’t take it seriously at all,” Luo Shifeng said righteously over the phone.

Xu Tui squinted as he listened.

“Mr. Luo, you’re a little thick-skinned. You always turn your academic meetings into a romantic trip for you and your girlfriend. You always feed me dog food. You still have the cheek to say that I’m a money-grubber.”

He said to Luo Shifeng, “By the way, I heard from Mr. Qu the day before yesterday that you seem to be serious this time. Mr. Qu doesn’t even have a companion now when he goes to a bar.”

“Hey, I’m already 40 years old! It’s time for me to stop flirting around if I meet someone suitable. I ordered a pair of rings a few days ago. Hey, Xu Tui, what do you think of Feng Qian?” Luo Shifeng asked over the phone.

Xu Tui had a speechless look on his face. “You guys have already made deep interactions so many times. Why are you still asking a newbie like me? Are you an experienced lover or a novice?”

“I’m an old hand at romance, but it’s my first time getting married after 40 years. Forget it, I won’t talk to a useless virgin like you.”

Luo Shifeng suddenly asked, “There’s something. The India Sector has also sent an invitation for you to go to New India Genetic Evolution College to do an academic conference. Are you going?”

“I’m not going!”

Xu Tui rejected him without hesitation.

Xu Tui had killed three students from the New India Genetic Evolution College during the exchange visit in August. He had a huge grudge against them. If he went to the New India Genetic Evolution College, wouldn’t he be looking for trouble?

“Two million! They offered four to five times the price.”

Xu Tui was tempted for a moment when he heard the price. But on second thought, why would the New India Genetic Evolution College pay such a high fare?

Something was definitely wrong.

“No!” Xu Tui was still very determined.

On the phone, Luo Shifeng laughed when he heard that. “Not bad. It seems that although you’re a little stingy and are a money-grubber, you’re the kind that knows your limits. The New India Genetic Evolution College was indeed up to no good. There was an additional condition for the two million dollars in travel fees. They wanted their students to have two actual combat exchanges with you.

“Those bastards never had any good intentions. Wouldn’t it be stupid for the two of us to come to their territory and engage in actual combat with them? I’ve already rejected him for you!” Luo Shifeng smiled.

“Mr. Luo is wise,” Xu Tui praised.

“Then prepare yourself. The day after tomorrow, on November 4th, we’ll make a trip to the Star Lion Genetic Evolution College in Sing-Malaysia Sector. There’s an academic report there. It will take half a day. We will go in the afternoon and they will send us back the next morning.

“On November 6, the Ba’ath Sector invited us to do an academic report. In addition, on November 9th, the Niyah Sector also invited us to their Niyah Genetic Evolution College to do an academic report. Due to the distance, the fare was slightly higher. It was estimated to be 600,000 yuan.

“These were the three schedules that had been set for now. Let me know if you have time. We’ll go together. If you don’t have time, I’ll go alone,” Luo Shifeng said.

“Yes, of course I have time!”

Xu Tui agreed readily. He could not let go of the opportunity to earn money.

“Then wait for my call. I’ll arrange everything else. Be it travel or safety, they have to be of high standards,” Luo Shifeng said.

“Okay!

…

That night, Xu Tui made a video call to his parents while he was cultivating.

Xu Tui had already made arrangements to return home. It will be around the end of November.

Xu Tui had to get his parents a better house when he returned. Otherwise, it would be too frustrating to drink a bottle of Energy Restoration Elixir that cost tens of thousands a day.

However, since he was planning to go home, Xu Tui planned to lay some groundwork in advance.

“Dad, Mom, let me tell you a piece of good news. I won an award.” Xu Tui was pleasantly surprised after chatting for a while on the video call.

“What award? Let us see.”

Zhang Xiuli was the happiest when she heard that her son had won the award.

“Look, these are certificates from the Huaxia Genetic Committee and our school. This is a grand prize. I’ve already been hired as an intermediate researcher in the school. I get a salary every month. So, you guys don’t have to pay me.”

“What’s your salary?” Zhang Xiuli was surprised.

“Thirty thousand. That’s thirty thousand a month.”

“Thirty thousand? That much?”

Zhang Xiuli was a little lost.

“Mom, that’s not all. It will increase in the future. Also, the school and the Huaxia Genetic Committee gave me bonuses for my research invention. It’s worth millions. I’ll transfer a million yuan to you now as a token of my filial piety.” Xu Tui smiled and transferred a million yuan on the spot.

Xu Jianguo and Zhang Xiuli, who were still laughing, were suddenly stunned. He had really received a million yuan! Their son was telling the truth!

A million!

“Really? You got so many bonuses?” Zhang Xiuli was very surprised.

“Improvement. I’ll transfer it to you later. You can keep it for your cultivation expenses. Don’t worry about us. Your mother and I are living a comfortable life without you causing us trouble.” Xu Jianguo immediately made a decision.

“Don’t, Dad. Let me tell you the truth. The reward this time is three million yuan.”

“Three million?”

Xu Jianguo was silent for a moment. “Don’t lie to us. What research? How can there be so many rewards?”

“I’m not lying to you. There are documents. I’ll take a photo for you to see…”

Xu Tui spent a lot of effort to prove the authenticity of this matter to his parents. Only then did his father, Xu Jianguo, not insist on transferring the money back.

Xu Tui was stunned by Xu Jianguo’s words before he could laugh.

“Alright, we’ll help you save this money. We’ll give it to you when you get married in the future.”

“Don’t save it for me. Dad, use it for yourself. I can make money now.”

“What do you know! There’s a high chance that you won’t return to Jincheng Prefecture. How expensive is that house in the capital? Probably tens of millions? You’ll have children in the future. You can’t buy small ones.

“The capital is so big. You must have a car. The capital was so congested that you would probably have to get a flying car. A repulsive force flying car would cost more than a million yuan. Even in installments, the down payment will be hundreds of thousands.

“You still have to renovate and buy furniture after buying a house. When you marry a woman in the future, you have to buy something for her. You might even have to buy a car for her…”

Zhang Xiuli started again.

Xu Tui was stunned. He was stunned by his parents. He could not refute this topic!

Xu Tui smiled bitterly and hung up.

“I knew it. Dad and Mom are saving money…”

…

It was past nine o’clock. Xu Tui was about to start cultivating when he suddenly received a call from Tian Suqing, the director of the Special Intelligence Division of the capital.

“Researcher Xu, the investigation of your attack is almost over. I’ll send you an investigation report immediately. If you have any questions, you can ask me directly,” Tian Suqing said.

“The investigation is over. Director Tian, have you found out how Yaksha and the others locked onto my whereabouts?” This was what Xu Tui was most concerned about.