Chapter 321 - The Relationship Between

Chapter 321: The Relationship Between Perception Instantiation and Huaxia’s Ancient Dao Technique (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Oh, f*ck!”

Xu Tui was the one who had shouted.

The reason was simple.

The moment Xu Tui conjured a small mountain above Qu Qingshan’s head, Qu Qingshan disappeared. Moreover, he had disappeared from his mental perception too.

This was awesome!

This meant that Qu Qingshan’s dodging method had exceeded the range of Xu Tui’s mental perception.

Xu Tui realized that as he progressed on the path of genetic evolution, he discovered more and more unexplained phenomena.

However, Qu Qingshan had only disappeared for 0.1 seconds in Xu Tui’s mental perception. Then, he suddenly appeared 20 meters away from Xu Tui.

Xu Tui sensed an indescribably strange fluctuation at the place where he appeared.

“Mr. Qu, what kind of ability is this?” Xu Tui asked.@@novelbin@@

“Xu Tui, you could resonate both internally and externally? Have you already activated the genetic base points related to the Mountain Formula?” Qu Qingshan, who had just flashed past, asked instead of answering.

“It should be activated. I can already use the Mountain Formula to suppress the enemy. It’s just that I feel that I’m not agile enough. I’m still a little weak, so I came to ask you how to switch between reality and illusion?” Xu Tui asked.

Qu Qingshan was speechless. To think that he had to knock Xu Tui on the head and teach him a lesson for reaching beyond his grasp.

It turned out that Xu Tui had completed his internal and external resonance. He had made a mistake as a teacher. It was not that he did not want to teach him, but that he was confused.

His face was burning!

In the end, Qu Qingshan could not help it.

“You’ve only been out for a total of five days. In these five days, not only did you sense the original quantum frequency of the mountain, but you also successfully manifested the Mountain Formula.

“You even completed the internal and external resonance of the Mountain Formula? Come, come, come. Let me check the time and see if you’ve been out for five days or five months.” Qu Qingshan felt a toothache.

His cultivation speed was too f*cking fast.

“Mr. Qu, am I cultivating too fast?” Xu Tui scratched his head.

“It can’t be described as too fast.” Qu Qingshan slowly walked over. “If you tell others about your cultivation speed, Lu Peng, Jiao Yulin, and the others might jump into the lake to commit suicide. It’s fine if it’s something else, but if it’s an internal and external resonance, let alone five days, even five months would be very fast!”

As he spoke, Qu Qingshan pointed at the space in front of Xu Tui. “Don’t use this thing on people’s heads in the future. It’ll kill them if it hits them. I’m afraid! Also, is the Mountain Formula that you conjured so big at the beginning? I feel like it has a radius of four meters, right?”

“It was a little smaller than this in the beginning, but it has grown a little in the past two days. By the way, Mr. Qu, the ‘mountain’ character that was conjured has a radius of four meters. Is this considered big or small?” Xu Tui asked.

“I can’t evaluate it. I can only tell you that the ‘mountain’ character that I conjured with my full strength is only ten meters in radius,” Qu Qingshan said.

“Mr. Qu, yours is already ten meters in radius. Mine is only four meters in radius. It’s not even half of yours. It seemed that the character ‘mountain’ that I conjured was still a little small. Mr. Qu, then tell me, how do I strengthen the power of the character ‘mountain’? How do I switch between reality and illusion?” Xu Tui asked earnestly.

Qu Qingshan’s eyes widened.

“Small your head! Do you know how big the ‘mountain’ character I conjured back then was?”

“Mr. Qu, how big was the ‘mountain’ character that you conjured at the beginning?” Xu Tui asked.

“The one I conjured at the beginning…” Halfway through his sentence, Qu Qingshan paused for a moment. “The word ‘mountain’ that I conjured at the beginning was bigger than yours. However, Jiao Yulin had just activated the ‘mountain’ character a month ago. Do you know how big the ‘mountain’ character he conjured was?”

Qu Qingshan felt that he could not compete with his student anymore. He instantly changed the target to Jiao Yulin.

“How big was the character ‘mountain’ that Senior Jiao conjured at the beginning?” Xu Tui asked.

“A radius of 0.6 meters.”

“It’s only 0.6 meters in radius. This is a little small.” Xu Tui nodded seriously.

Qu Qingshan felt even more embarrassed. He had almost been despised by his own student. The Mountain Formula that he had conjured back then was slightly larger than Jiao Yulin’s, but not by much.

It was only 0.7 meters wide.

“Come, since you’ve already resonated internally and externally, I’ll tell you about the general principles of the School of General Senses. Actually, it’s just some cultivation guidance that we have developed over the years. Since you have successfully cultivated the Mountain Formula, you should have understood the cultivation method of the visualization technique, right?” Qu Qingshan asked.

“Yes.”

“That’s right. Visualization is actually the main cultivation method of our School of General Senses. Of course, the premise of visualizing an ability is that your perception and understanding of the original quantum frequency of the mountain is deep enough.

“Only then can you visualize the corresponding abilities. For example, did my ability to escape in an instant feel like a life-saving divine skill?” Qu Qingshan asked.

“It’s indeed a life-saving divine skill. It was activated very quickly and you even disappeared without a trace. My mental perception did not manage to track you down,” Xu Tui said.

“It’s good that you can’t find it. Actually, that’s one of the abilities of the original quantum frequency of the mountain. In the words of modern science, it’s called the entangled state resonance of the mountain’s original quantum frequency.

“In short, I would make myself materialize as the original quantum frequency of the mountain and would instantly send me far away through the resonance of the mountain’s original quantum frequency.