Chapter 325 - An Extremely Protective Organization (1)

Chapter 325: An Extremely Protective Organization (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

“Take a look at the investigation report first. I’ll call you on the encrypted channel ten minutes later to explain this situation to you,” Tian Suqing said.

Encryption channel?

Xu Tui was slightly stunned. In other words, Tian Suqing’s words meant that there was already a result regarding how Yaksha obtained his real-time information.

A result meant that it was a good thing. At the very least, it could resolve Xu Tui’s doubts. It would not make him suspicious of everything.

If it was really because of Xu Tui’s negligence or the problem of the team members who did the clearing mission with Xu Tui, he would be able to find out the truth. He would pay more attention to this in the future.

Otherwise, Xu Tui would not feel at ease when he went out in the future if he could not find the real reason.

The investigation report sent by Tian Suqing had 17 pages. It was very detailed. Some of the content was even accompanied by pictures.

They had also investigated the identities of the two supernatural beings.

A Level C fire-element genetic mutant.

A Level B ice-element genetic mutant.

They were considered relatively powerful existences. In particular, the ice-element Level B genetic mutant could be considered the top combat power below genetic evolvers.

Other than these two supernatural beings, the others were all members of the Yaksha raid team. Some of them were on the wanted list of the Huaxia Special Intelligence Division.

This was especially so for the leader, Yaksha. Due to the rampant looting and his repeatedly committed crimes in the Huaxia Sector, the bounty on his head was as high as a million.

However, what Xu Tui was most concerned about was the Yaksha’s background and the way he died.

According to the report, Yaksha’s death was caused by the self-destruction of his head by the implantation of a chip.

The professionals from the Special Intelligence Division at the scene shoveled a layer of tissue and hair from the explosion radius of Yaksha’s head and even sent it back to the professional laboratory.

In the end, an extremely small amount of chip remains was extracted.

The Special Intelligence Division experts confirmed that this was the latest fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip.

The sorcerer chip was the pinnacle of brain-machine interaction support chips since the Great Genetic Age.

The earliest user was a pet.

Usually, it would be implanted in the head of a pet dog, cat, or even a pet that was originally rather stupid. It would make it easier for it to communicate with its master and could even provide some auxiliary functions.

It made pets smarter and more humane.

Currently, only the third generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip was released. The fourth generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip was only circulated within the Blue Star Army.@@novelbin@@

As for the latest model of the fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip, it was only circulated and studied in advanced laboratories and major genetic research institutes.

There was not much circulation, but the circulation was not narrow. They could not trace the source.

The person who made this investigation report was the captain of the Special Operations Unit of the Black Dragon Special Intelligence Division, Nie Fei.

Nie Fei only added two conclusions.

Firstly, it could be determined that Yaksha had planned to rob Xu Tui. Moreover, Yaksha was just a tool. There was someone else behind Yaksha.

Secondly, the mastermind behind Yaksha should have a higher social status or power in the Blue Star.

Otherwise, it would be impossible to obtain the fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip and complete the implantation.

After all, there were two ways to self-destruct the fifth-generation brainwave support sorcerer chip. One was to have the implanted person activate the self-destruct program, and the other was to remotely activate the self-destruction.

This was not something that ordinary people could do. This kind of high-tech thing was really high-tech for 99% of the people.

Even if Xu Tui was given a fifth-generation brainwave auxiliary control sorcerer chip, it would be useless without the corresponding technology and transplant plan.

Xu Tui could vaguely guess that there was a mastermind behind Yaksha. He was now certain. However, he had no idea who the mastermind was. There were countless people with higher social status or power on the entire Blue Star.

However, who would deliberately deal with Xu Tui?

Could it be Zheng Shaohong and Wen Shao? This was Xu Tui’s first thought. But he immediately rejected this guess.

Zheng Shaohong and Wen Shao probably wouldn’t do such a thing.

Xu Tui thought of another person.

Lu Guanqing, the vice president of the Genetic Research Institute who had always been at odds with the Research Institute Number 14.

Could it be this person?

However, Xu Tui could only suppress this guess in his heart. He would discuss it with An Xiaoxue when he had the chance.

He would be a fool if he told the Special Intelligence Division that he suspected that the member of the Huaya Genetic Committee who is also the vice-president of the Huaxia Genetic Research Institute was plotting against him.

That would be stupid and foolish!

Xu Tui was an intermediate researcher who had contributed to the research. He was a key protection target of the Special Intelligence Division, let alone Lu Guanqing, the deputy director of the Genetic Research Institute.

If Xu Tui said that, it might attract a counter-investigation or even alert the enemy.

That was the most crucial part of the investigation report. This solved some of Xu Tui’s doubts and added some more.

The only thing that made Xu Tui feel good was the list of rewards he had obtained from the last few pages of the investigation report.

Killing Yaksha would reward him with a million yuan and 200 contribution points.

Among the members of the Yaksha raid team, three of them were on the wanted list, including the blonde teenager. However, the reward was only 300,000, and the accumulated contribution points was 130.

The other people, such as the two supernatural beings, were not on the wanted list and did not have a bounty.

Finally, there was a page of the list of seized goods.

The most valuable items were the three repulsive-force flying cars, five repulsive force flying skateboards, and several other valuable electronic devices and weapons.