Chapter 329 - Tragic Character Who Was Forced

Chapter 329: Tragic Character Who Was Forced To Commit Suicide (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

On the afternoon of November 3rd, Xu Tui delivered lunch to An Xiaoxue as usual.

As long as he was in school, Xu Tui would deliver food to An Xiaoxue every day. Xu Tui had to go to the cafeteria anyway.

There was a portion of steaming fresh shrimp dumplings, a portion of vegetable sesame tofu, and a portion of spicy and sour mushroom slices. They were all small portions of dishes.

It smelled pretty good. However, Xu Tui was not too interested in the rest of the dishes aside from the fresh shrimp dumplings.

Xu Tui still liked to eat meat.

“Oh, you’re here.”

“Miss An, I’ll cook a famous dish for you today!”

“What famous dish?” A faint smile hung on An Xiaoxue’s lips. “I’m afraid you can’t make a famous dish in my small place, right?”

“Heh, just you wait and see.”

An Xiaoxue greeted Xu Tui. Xu Tui went to the small operation room and busied himself. He cut two fiery-red tomatoes, plated them, and sprinkled some sugar on them.

“It’s a famous dish from the Northwest. The Snow-Covered Blazing Mountain is here.” Xu Tui deliberately acted mysterious. He covered the dish when he brought it over.

“Snow-covered Blazing Mountain? The Blazing Mountain in the legend of Journey to the West? The name of this dish is impressive. Let me take a look.”

An Xiaoxue suddenly smiled as she removed the plate that covered the dishes.

“Tomatoes sprinkled with sugar? A famous dish from the Northwest? It’s a little scary, but this name is quite appropriate.”

“Miss An, look at what you’re saying. How can you call the Snow-covered Blazing Mountain tomatoes sprinkled with sugar?

“It’s like someone praising you for being beautiful, saying that you’re naturally beautiful, and that your temperament is ethereal. Isn’t that nice?”

“You thought of that word? Not bad.”

“Do I even need to think about that? Look at you, the benchmark is right here. Such a beautiful phrase is just something I casually come up with.” Xu Tui started to speak, but An Xiaoxue inadvertently lowered her head.@@novelbin@@

“Miss An, if I were to describe you like how you describe the dish, I would describe you as a beauty with two shoulders, a head, and long hair. Tell me, won’t you beat me to death?”

“Stop joking!”

“Miss An, I really didn’t. I’m just stating the facts. These tomatoes sprinkled with white sugar were really taught by my mother!”

Xu Tui naturally spoke more casually now that he was closer to An Xiaoxue. He would also joke around occasionally.

However, these tomatoes sprinkled with white sugar was really a famous dish in the Northwest.

Snow-covered Blazing Mountain was Xu Tui’s mother, Zhang Xiuli’s most famous dish.

As soon as the name of the dish was announced, the relatives and friends who heard it for the first time were stunned when it was served.

When they saw the dish, they realized that it was tomatoes sprinkled with sugar. However, even though this dish was simple, it was really delicious.

As long as it was a naturally-ripe tomato, Xu Tui could finish the soup.

“Go, let Ah Huang show you something.”

Xu Tui was about to tell An Xiaoxue about the satellite that Tian Suqing had mentioned when An Xiaoxue spoke first. He decided to talk about it later.

Xu Tui walked to the side. Ah Huang had already created a large projection.

On the projection was a dark and cold space. There were also satellites that operated in a fixed orbit.

Suddenly, a ball of light rapidly approached a few orbiting satellites.

Silver light exploded.

One of the satellites exploded into a ball of flames.

Ten seconds later, the silver light flashed again. Another ball of fire.

Ten seconds later, it came again!

In less than a minute, six silver lights flashed and six satellites exploded.

Xu Tui was stunned by what he saw. He could roughly guess what that silver light was. It was a flying sword.

Silver flying sword!

This was a flying sword exploding a satellite. It was also a physical space flight.

Xu Tui’s first reaction was: Where did this freak come from? It was said that many Genetic Transmutation Realm experts could not fly with their bodies.

The person in front of him could actually fly in space!

Xu Tui could not help but curse when he thought about the silver flying sword.

Could it be someone from our Genetic Miracle?

“This is my teacher, He Yunfeng, the nominal owner of the Research Institute Number 14. When you see him in the future, just call him teacher.

“It was a little strange that you were ambushed so accurately. After I found out some things, I realized that there were satellites monitoring your whereabouts at that time.

“Generally speaking, it was possible for these commercial satellites to be invaded, but it was impossible for them to lose control and lose control.

“I told Mr. He the general situation.

“Mr. He said that there were three satellites monitoring you, so he doubled the number and directly destroyed the other party’s six commercial satellites.

“Take it as a form of revenge for you.”

As An Xiaoxue spoke, Xu Tui listened. It felt like a bottle of ice-cold Happy Immortal Water had just arrived on a hot summer day.

Awesome!

It was extremely refreshing!

Six satellites. No matter who was targeting him behind his back, his losses were huge.

This Mr. He was too awesome! His body flew through space, and his flying sword exploded the satellites.

Xu Tui felt that he should learn from He Yunfeng in the future.

“Miss An, thank Mr. He for me. I have to thank you too.”

The anger he had felt last night before he went to bed instantly dissipated.

All of a sudden, Xu Tui realized that their Genetic Miracle did not seem to be as simple as he had imagined, that there were only him and An Xiaoxue.

He Yunfeng alone was worth thousands of soldiers. However, he was definitely an expert at the Genetic Transmutation Realm.

It was only then that Xu Tui remembered.

He cultivated the Mind Concentration Foundation Forging Technique. The chief editor was Shang Long, and the main editors were Ji Guoliang and He Yunfeng. An Xiaoxue was only the deputy main editor.

Previously, Qu Qingshan had said that Ji Guoliang was a ferocious person who could behead people from thousands of miles away.