Chapter 333 - Are You That Experienced? (3)

Chapter 333: Are You That Experienced? (3)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui held onto the handrail at the bottom of the pool and took a breath of oxygen for himself. He then entered a meditative state and switched to an illusory introspective state.

Under the illusory introspection state, Xu Tui’s body lit up with seven blurry spots of light formed by genetic base points.

There were many genetic base points related to underwater survival in the limbs, head, and torso parts.

Xu Tui’s previous experience of cultivating the Mountain Formula told him that it was not specific enough. He maintained his illusory introspective state. He let go of the bottom of the pool and sank freely.

While he was sinking, the flickering genetic base points in his body began to change while he was in the illusory introspective state.

Some flickered brighter, while others dimmed a little. Some would even light up in turn.

However, the overall state was reduced.

Suddenly, Xu Tui felt his feet touch something. He had reached the bottom.

Thirty meters deep.

However, he still could not find any specific genetic base points under the illusory introspective state. The water pressure that came from all directions was like a huge rock that wanted to squeeze out the last breath of oxygen from Xu Tui’s chest.

Xu Tui’s body had been strengthened by the Genetic Liberation Elixir. Otherwise, he would not have been able to withstand it.

“It’s still not enough.”

With a thought, Xu Tui used his mind power to prop himself up quickly.

The moment he surfaced, he saw Miao Huanshan. Unfortunately, it would have been much more comfortable to see when it was a beautiful female senior in a bikini who had long legs.

At this moment, he saw a pair of hairy legs.

Miao Huanshan shouted in shock, “Xu Tui, you’re bleeding.”

“Bleeding?”

Xu Tui suddenly felt a warm sensation on his nose. He had a nosebleed.

“The depth of the dive has exceeded your own limit. The water pressure is too much for you, causing the pressure in your body to be too great. Not only is your nose bleeding, but there should also be a large number of capillary bleeding points under your skin.”

A teacher on duty came over to take a look. He did not pay much attention to it and left. “But it’s fine. The genetic newcomers will recover after a night’s sleep.”

Xu Tui climbed onto the shore and breathed comfortably for a while. Then, he turned around and walked toward the ultra-deep water area.

Miao Huanshan was stunned at first, then he was shocked. “Xu Tui, that’s an extremely deep-water area.”

“I’ll just try. Don’t worry, I won’t die.”@@novelbin@@

Xu Tui replied with a smile. He had just walked to a depth of 30 to 50 meters when a figure suddenly rose from the water.

A huge lotus flower appeared on the surface of the water and lifted a man up. He stood on the surface of the water in an extremely elegant manner.

“Qi Sheng?”

Xu Tui was stunned. This was also an acquaintance. His throat had been pierced by Xu Tui’s flying sword when he challenged the Longhu Overall Rankings.

Of course, Xu Tui also had a deep impression of this person. Be it the Lotus Water Shield or the Water Puppet, they were both very powerful. In the end, he even schemed against Qu Qingshan, the teacher on duty. He was a very powerful person.

“I suggest that you don’t try to dive into deep water below 30 meters. The pressure on your body increases exponentially with every meter you dive. The damage to your body also increases exponentially. Sometimes, you might not even have the chance to press the button,” Qi Sheng reminded Xu Tui.

“Xu Tui, don’t be too conceited. Everyone’s talent is different. Although you are very good at controlling objects, the underwater world is not something you can handle. You’ll be harming all of us if you pee and shit under the water,” Qi Sheng said angrily.

Every time he thought about the battle on the Longhu Overall Rankings, Qi Sheng felt very uncomfortable.

“Pee and shit? Are you that experienced, Qi Sheng?”

Qi Sheng’s face darkened. Under the stunned gazes of Qi Sheng and Miao Huanshan, Xu Tui, who had just finished speaking, jumped into the ultra-deep water area with the oxygen bag in his hand.

After some thought, Qi Sheng jumped down as well.

Seeing Qi Sheng jump down, Miao Huanshan’s expression changed as he pondered.

“Teacher, please pay attention to the ultra-deep water area. I’ll go down and try.” After calling the teacher on duty, Miao Huanshan also jumped into the ultra-deep water area with an oxygen bag.