Chapter 337 - Something Is Wrong With The Great Hero (2)

Chapter 337: Something Is Wrong With The Great Hero (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

On the morning of the 9th of November, Xu Tui changed his weight to 50 kilograms after he activated the fifth genetic base point. He could maintain a maximum speed of 9 kilometers per hour. He was exhausted after traveling at a high speed for 30 kilometers.

At one o’clock in the afternoon, the convoy of the Niyah Genetic Evolution College was already waiting at the entrance of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College.

Xu Tui, who had trained himself to the point that he looked like a dead dog, climbed up to the front row with difficulty. He also drank a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir. He had used up too much energy during the extreme physical test in the morning.

Luo Shifeng and Feng Qian were still in the back row. Xu Tui did not even want to look at them as their fingers were intertwined.

They kept showing off their affection for each other. It was too outrageous.@@novelbin@@

The Niyah Genetic Evolution College was a little far from the Huaxia Sector, so they set off a little earlier. On the other hand, the Niyah Genetic Evolution College offered a slightly higher fare for this academic exchange.

A total of 600,000.

Xu Tui was very satisfied. After all, Luo Shifeng was the one who had discussed the details. Although Old Luo was obsessed with Feng Qian and worked day and night, he was still very smart in other aspects. He would never back down in terms of status.

A few genetic evolution universities wanted to invite Old Luo and Xu Tui to do an academic report. Old Luo would not negotiate if the price was not right. He completely stopped talking to them and did not give them a chance.

Wasn’t it an insult to bargain with a top professor of the Huaxia Genetic Evolution College?

When they arrived at the Niyah Genetic Evolution College, Professor Agassi, who was in charge of receiving them, hurriedly found Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui. He apologized profusely.

“Professor Luo, Researcher Xu, there’s an unexpected situation. I’m really sorry.”

“An unexpected situation?”

Luo Shifeng’s face immediately darkened. I’m already here. What are you trying to do by telling me about an unexpected situation?

“Professor Luo, it’s like this. We just received a notice from the office of the director of the Niyah Genetic Committee.

“This afternoon, the great hero of our Niyah, Shamera, returned from the extra-terrestrial. Lord Buke, the head of the Niyah Genetic Committee, immediately decided to hold a welcoming and celebratory banquet for the great hero Shamera tonight. The great hero of our Niyah, Shamera, came from the Niyah Genetic Evolution College.

“Therefore, the celebration banquet tonight will be held in our Niyah Genetic Evolution College,” Agassi said.

Luo Shifeng’s face darkened. He was about to flare up when he suddenly felt that the name Shamera was a little familiar.

“Shamera? Could it be the same Shamera who killed that extraterrestrial Planetary Realm creature in the extraterrestrial report ten days ago?” Luo Shifeng suddenly asked.

Xu Tui was also stunned. He had never heard of Shamera.

However, Xu Tui had seen the deaths of more than a dozen Planetary Realm creatures from afar a dozen of days ago.

Xu Tui still remembered Shi Hong’s words clearly. However, he did not expect that the expert who killed the extraterrestrial Planetary realm creature was actually from Niyah Genetic University.

This instantly piqued Xu Tui’s curiosity. What kind of expert was Shamera, who could kill a Planetary realm extraterrestrial creature?

Xu Tui still remembered that there were two planetary-level creatures who had died that day. Who had killed the other weaker planetary-level creature? What was his identity?

Shi Hong’s other sentence suddenly surfaced in Xu Tui’s mind.

The change of the times!

Would the change that Shi Hong mentioned come?

“It seems that Professor Luo is also very well-informed. Lord Shamera killed a planetary-level creature in the extra-terrestrial and made a great contribution. It’s not just the Niyah Genetic Committee. The India Genetic Committee and the Blue Star Genetic Committee that we belong to will also give out medals and rewards.

“Today, it’s just a welcome and applause for the hero of the Niyah Genetic Committee. By the way, you are also honored guests invited by our Niyah Genetic Evolution College. If you are willing, we would also like to invite you to the welcoming banquet and celebratory feast tonight,” Agassi said.

“By the way, Professor Agassi, I heard that a quasi-planetary-level powerhouse from our Blue Star died in the infiltration of extraterrestrial planetary-level creatures?” Luo Shifeng suddenly asked.

Agassi looked sad when he heard that.

“That’s right. The deceased quasi-planetary-level powerhouse is our Niyah’s senior, Korotjin. His funeral will be held in a few days. At that time, we will bury Senior Korotjin with the highest honor.”

“My condolences. The death of Senior Korotjin is the loss of the entire Blue Star.”

After expressing his condolences, Luo Shifeng first asked for Xu Tui’s opinion. After obtaining an affirmative answer, he said, “Professor Agassi, we would like to attend the hero Shamera’s banquet tonight. We hope to be able to attend and witness the hero’s glory.”

“No problem. I’ll arrange it. It’s our honor to have esteemed guests like you attend the welcome banquet.”

Agassi was very polite. “Professor Luo, the welcome banquet will start at nine o’clock in the evening. You can choose to postpone your academic meeting. If it was brought forward, it would start in half an hour. It would be possible to attend the banquet if we compress the process a little. If you choose to postpone, we could only hold it tomorrow.”

Luo Shifeng looked at Xu Tui. There was no need for eye contact. Based on his understanding of Xu Tui, he already understood Xu Tui’s choice.

Xu Tui, who had always treasured his time, would definitely choose to bring it forward.

“Alright, thank you for your hard work. I’ll make the arrangements immediately. The dinner for the both of you would be postponed to the welcome banquet at 9. I’ll arrange for someone to send some refreshments over. The academic meeting will begin in half an hour,” Agassi said.

The academic meeting half an hour later went very smoothly.

The Niyah Genetic Evolution College compressed some of its speaking time and spent more time on communication.

It was a success.

At 8:45 p.m., Luo Shifeng, Xu Tui, and Feng Qian were invited to the welcoming banquet as distinguished guests.

There were many people coming. Almost all the powerhouses of the political and business world and the genetic newcomers were present. Almost all the high-ranking dignitaries of the Niyah Genetic Committee were present.

After all, Shamera had not only contributed greatly to the Niyah and the Blue Star, but he was also the strongest genetic newcomer in the Niyah.

It was only right to receive such treatment.

During this time, Professor Agassi introduced Luo Shifeng and Xu Tui to a few famous figures in the political and business world in Niyah.

Nine o’clock.

The director of the Niyah Genetic Committee, Buke, led the honor guard to welcome the returning hero, Shamera, into the welcoming banquet.

As they walked down the red carpet, the director of the Niyah Genetic Committee, Buke, walked alongside the hero, Shamera. The warm applause lasted for a long time.

This scene dazzled Xu Tui.

Was he the strongest among the genetic newcomers?

Such treatment was something that a hundred popular celebrities combined could not compare to. The director of the Niyah Genetic Committee personally welcomed them and celebrated!

If one day…

The welcome banquet started with a welcome speech from the director of the Niyah Genetic Committee.

How should he put it? Extreme honor.

Almost all the compliments were directed at Shamera. Not only was Shamera the strongest genetic newcomer in Niyah, but he was also a great hero. He could be said to be the perfect great hero.

This made Xu Tui a little uncomfortable.

Among the genetic newcomers, were the stronger ones the more virtuous? It was just like in university. Those with high academic standards might not have perfect morals. Of course, there were also some.

However, it was understandable. This was probably what it meant to use beauty to cover one’s ugliness.

Of course, this Shamera might really be a hero with strong strength and character. However, Buke’s words made Xu Tui feel slightly uncomfortable.

Then, Shamera went on stage to speak.

Shamera was not tall. His skin was slightly darker, and he had a high nose and deep eyes. He had a different kind of heroic spirit.

After Shamera went on stage, the applause lasted for five minutes before it gradually stopped. Only then did Shamera begin to speak.

The first speech was a meaningless thank-you.

However, as Shamera spoke, something went wrong. He actually began to criticize the Niyah Genetic Committee.

Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng looked at each other and saw the shock in each other’s eyes.

Something was wrong!