Chapter 331 - Are You That Experienced? (1)

Chapter 331: Are You That Experienced? (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

Xu Tui was a little confused when he looked inside himself.

There were hundreds of gray genetic base points that had yet to be activated. He could not tell which genetic base points were related to physical fitness.

Using extreme physical training to locate genetic base points that were generally related to physical fitness, failed!

Xu Tui was not discouraged.

After resting for half an hour, he spent another 40 minutes training according to the instructions of the physical training instructor.

He laid flat on the ground.

Xu Tui panted heavily. He lay there and slowly adjusted his breathing. He entered meditation and switched to the illusory introspective state.

This time, the number of genetic base points stimulated by extreme physical training was still as high as hundreds.

However, after careful comparison, Xu Tui realized that there were about 100 genetic base points that had yet to be activated that were flickering at a higher frequency.

After replenishing with the Level E Energy Restoration Elixir, the amount of energy he absorbed was obviously a little more.

There were always more solutions than difficulties.

Xu Tui used his extremely powerful memory to record the 180 genetic base points that were highly stimulating under physical training.@@novelbin@@

The comparative elimination method was actually one of the most commonly used scientific research methods.

At 2:30 p.m., the Star Lion Genetic Evolution College’s convoy arrived. Because they had already made a record, they successfully picked up Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng.

Of course, Luo Shifeng had been very clingy recently and was preparing to get married to his girlfriend, Feng Qian. On the way, they naturally fed Xu Tui a stomach full of sweetness.

However, Xu Tui suddenly understood another problem on the way.

There was a problem with his physical training today.

He should not have performed the illusory introspection after injecting the Muscle-Stimulating High-Enzyme Protein Elixir and the Bull and Bear Genetic Information Delay Elixir.

Instead, he should have directly entered the illusory introspection after the physical training.

This was different from his reaction speed. There were only a few genetic base points related to the reaction speed of the nerves. After being injected with the nerve-stimulating medicine, the relevant genetic base points could be manifested.

However, there were many genetic base points related to physical fitness.

After he had been injected with two types of auxiliary enhancement drugs, these two kinds of auxiliary enhancement drugs inevitably stimulated the relevant genetic base points. This made it more difficult for Xu Tui to locate genetic base points that were generally related to physical fitness.

Xu Tui planned to take a shortcut that was unique to him. Therefore, he did not consider everything.

The other students needed the help of these potions. Then, they would continuously undergo physical training to stimulate the relevant genetic base points. They would activate the relevant genetic base points in the long run and improve themselves.

On Xu Tui’s side, he did not need to inject the relevant medicine because he could use the illusory introspection to directly locate the activation of the relevant genetic base points.

Of course, after locating the genetic base points related to physical fitness, he could also inject these related drugs to speed up his improvement.

Going to the Star Lion Genetic Evolution College in the Sing-Malaysia Sector for an academic exchange had basically been programmed.

He still used his previous speech.

Xu Tui had to answer some questions regarding the Genetic Ability Chain of Neural Reaction Speed carefully.

The questions that these professors from the Genetic Evolution College asked had a certain depth to them. They even included multiple tests.

Of course, the reason was simple.

The eighth and ninth reaction speed genetic base points that Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng had discovered, including the passive genetic ability chain, were still under control.

The Huaxia Sector did not make it public to the Blue Star because they needed to verify the safety of it.

However, the elite teams in the extra-terrestrial had already begun large-scale training.

If one’s reaction speed increased to more than ten milliseconds, the benefits would decrease.

However, the passive genetic ability chain that could increase the overall reaction speed was very precious.

There were too many parts that needed to be trained for the overall reaction speed. It was more difficult to improve. Even the slight increase in one’s overall reaction speed could be clearly reflected in their combat strength.

Whether it was the survival rate or attack frequency of the extraterrestrial warriors, especially the control warriors of various heavy weapons, the improvement of their overall reaction speed was very crucial to them.

The Genetic Committee of the other sectors had already found out from various channels that the first batch of warriors in the Huaxia Sector had received a huge increase in actual combat.

That was why they were a little anxious.

They frequently interacted with the Huaxia Genetic Committee while inviting the inventor of the research, Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng, to have an academic exchange with them.

They wanted to discover the traces of of it through communication and deduce it.

After all, the Genetic Committee of the various sectors had not stopped their research on the reaction speed over the years. It was just that the research progress of the various sectors was different.

Xu Tui did not know if the professors from the Star Lion Genetic Evolution College had received any inspiration from Xu Tui.

In any case, he answered the questions according to the confidentiality conditions.

Xu Tui rested for a night in Lion City. He only went through half a cultivation cycle to maintain his mind power at more than 50%.

Xu Tui reflected on his previous experience of the clearing mission.

As for Luo Shifeng, he brought Feng Qian to experience the night view of Lion City.

It would probably be a tiring night.

The next morning, they returned safely.

On the way back, Xu Tui suddenly felt emotional when he flew above the Pacific Ocean and looked at the boundless sea.