Chapter 335 - Is This The Talent Of A Year One Dragon? (2)

Chapter 335: Is This The Talent Of A Year One Dragon? (2)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

It succeeded!

However, Xu Tui did not stop sinking immediately. He continued to sink.

44 meters.

Blood vessels began to appear on Xu Tui’s skin. However, there were changes in his illusory introspection.

The number of genetic base points that appeared due to the stimulation of the extreme pressure suddenly soared. The curves of the flickering genetic ability chains suddenly became chaotic.

Combining that with the theory of genetic base points that Xu Tui had researched before, he immediately understood that the pressure of a depth of 42 meters was a critical point.

It happened to trigger a relevant genetic chain that was silent in the human genome.

It was clear. He sank deeper, but it was chaotic again.

Xu Tui began to float up with difficulty. He used his mind power to lift himself up to 42 meters. He took advantage of the time when the Genetic Ability Chain with 14 Genetic Base Points was flashing to memorize everything.

On the other side, at a depth of 35 meters, Miao Huanshan looked at Qi Sheng, who was opposite him. He suddenly pouted at the water and blinked.

Qi Sheng was confused. However, when he saw Miao Huanshan’s gaze, he instantly understood.

Miao Huanshan was asking him to look at Xu Tui. If anything happened to Xu Tui, he would immediately provide assistance.

If you didn’t rescue him, then it was your fault, Qi Sheng!

Qi Sheng was furious. It was already good enough that he did not interfere with Xu Tui. How could he expect him to save Xu Tui? Dream on!

However, Miao Huanshan pouted again.

“If you don’t save him, I’ll say that you harmed Xu Tui. I’m a witness! Who do you think the school believes?” That was what Miao Huanshan meant.

However, Qi Sheng still understood. In an instant, his depression was indescribable. He was disgusted by Miao Huishan! He had been successfully disgusted by him.

It would be fine if nothing happened to Xu Tui, but if something happened, he would definitely be in trouble. Who asked him to jump down after Xu Tui?

Qi Sheng was depressed! He was already in his third year and was not far from graduation. He was actually threatened by a second-year and first-year student!

However, the problem was that Qi Sheng still had to take a look. He had to go even if he felt disgusted. Otherwise, if something happened to Xu Tui in the ultra-deep water region, he would be the first to be suspected.

In the next moment, Qi Sheng dived down with a disgusted and helpless expression, as if he had eaten sh*t.

He was extremely depressed.

However, even for Qi Sheng, the water pressure below 35 meters made him feel a little uncomfortable.

Qi Sheng would not be able to stay for long if he were to go down 40 meters.

However, the moment Qi Sheng sank, a large pool of blood suddenly emerged from the depths of the water.

This scene shocked Qi Sheng so much that his liver trembled.

Xu Tui, please don’t get into trouble. If something happened, even if he was cleared of suspicion, he would still be in trouble!

In an instant, Qi Sheng sped down.

It was also at this moment that the water splashed violently. Xu Tui was like a torpedo underwater. He instantly jumped from the bottom of the water to the surface. He crawled out of the ultra-deep water area on his hands and knees. When he reached the side of the pool, he laid there and panted heavily.

His skin was still bleeding.

“Are you alright?” Miao Huanshan, who had emerged from the water, asked.

“I’m fine. Thanks!”

“Don’t mention it!”

Their conversation made Qi Sheng, who had just surfaced, look depressed. What was he doing?@@novelbin@@

Under Qi Sheng’s gloomy gaze, Xu Tui took out his backpack and gulped down a bottle of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

Others thought that he was replenishing his energy.

In reality, Xu Tui had already begun to focus on activating the Genetic Base Points he had just memorized for underwater survival and movement.

The genetic ability chain of this underwater survival ability had 14 genetic base points. The first few should be easy to unlock. Of course, the fact that he was able to find a genetic ability chain that allowed him to move underwater so quickly this time was also related to the characteristics of water.

As long as he dived deep into the water, there would be immense pressure everywhere.

Xu Tui did not need to move. The huge water pressure from all directions could stimulate the relevant genetic base points. It’s not like the genetic base points of physical fitness where it’s really difficult to locate.

In less than 20 minutes, the first genetic base point of the underwater survival ability was successfully activated.

He jumped into the water again.

Xu Tui suddenly had a strange feeling. Previously, the slightly cold water made him feel an inexplicable sense of rejection.

Water was water. Xu Tui was Xu Tui.

But now, he suddenly felt very comfortable in the water.

Xu Tui instinctively moved his body slightly and dived underwater.

Five meters was no pressure.

Ten meters was easy.

Xu Tui once again felt the water pressure at 15 meters.

At 20 meters, Xu Tui found it a little difficult. His movements underwater became sluggish. He went ashore again. He gulped down two bottles of Level E Energy Restoration Elixir.

Thirty minutes later, the second genetic base point for underwater survival was activated.

Xu Tui jumped into the water again. The sense of affinity from before became stronger. Moreover, even if he did not use his mental perception, he could still sense the slight movement of the water. He instinctively exerted a little force with his limbs along the current, allowing him to swim quickly.

This time, the water pressure seemed to have disappeared at a depth of 20 meters. Of course, it was not that the water pressure had disappeared. It was Xu Tui’s body that had become more suitable for water pressure.

Under the water pressure, the various minute instinctive reactions of his muscles and limbs removed most of the water pressure.

At the same time, Xu Tui seemed to have a closer affinity to the water.

Xu Tui felt the water pressure at 25 meters. At a depth of 30 meters, it became difficult for him to move underwater.

However, it was much better than before.

At the same time, Xu Tui also saw Qi Sheng, who was cultivating 37 to 38 meters deep in the water, being surrounded by a huge Water Lotus Flower.

Qi Sheng also revealed a hint of surprise when he saw Xu Tui, who had begun to experiment at a depth of 30 meters.

Was the talent of a first-year dragon that strong? A normal student would not be able to adapt to a depth of 30 meters without half a year of continuous training. Even he, a water-type supernatural being, took three months to adapt. Of course, he could only adapt and endure it. It was not something that could be done in three months.

Qi Sheng was stunned when Xu Tui left again.

Shaking his head, Qi Sheng continued to use the water pressure to temper his water lotus. However, 45 minutes later, Qi Sheng was shocked by Xu Tui once again.

Xu Tui, who had once again appeared at a depth of 30 meters, was as agile as a fish.

He was so shocked that he was dumbfounded.

Xu Tui’s performance at a depth of 30 meters was not much worse than a water-type supernatural being like him, right?

35 meters.

Forty meters!

This time, Xu Tui stayed in the water for a full five minutes before he left again. He did not have a nosebleed, nor did his skin bleed.

Qi Sheng was dumbfounded!

When Xu Tui dived into the water that was 40 meters deep, he had even spat out blood from his nose. His skin was covered in blood.

How did he adapt and improved so quickly? Was this the talent of a first-year dragon?

It felt… so powerful!

Suddenly, Qi Sheng, who was still condensing the Water Lotus at a depth of 35 meters, felt an indescribable frustration.

Xu Tui had only been training for a few hours.

Comparing oneself to others would really cause one to die.

Qi Sheng was so depressed that the corners of his mouth twitched.

“I’m leaving. Call me if you need anything.”

When Xu Tui left, he greeted Miao Huanshan.

Xu Tui was very sentimental toward people who treated him well. He knew very well what Miao Huanshan was doing. His relationship with Miao Huanshan had naturally improved.

“So fast! When you have time, fight a few more rounds with me,” Miao Huanshan suddenly said.

Xu Tui stopped in his tracks. He looked at Miao Huanshan and bared his teeth. “Why? Do you feel like you’ve improved very quickly recently?”

“No, I just want to be tortured!”

“Tortured?”

This answer stunned Xu Tui.

“It’s easier to improve by losing than to win. It’s also easier to have a clear understanding of myself.”

Xu Tui gave Miao Huanshan a thumbs-up. “I’ll satisfy you. You can call me when you’re free.”

“Alright! Torture me then!”

“Don’t worry! I’ll definitely torture you until you call me brother!”

“Tch!”

On the way back to the dormitory, Xu Tui suddenly understood. The next original quantum frequency he had to sense should be water.

For no other reason, he had to go to the real rivers, lakes, and seas to sense the original quantum frequency of water.

Now, the few genetic base points that he had just activated for underwater survival had already laid the foundation for this.