Chapter 339 - Anarchy

Chapter 339: Anarchy

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

The moment the convoy set off, Xu Tui’s communication device rang. The caller was An Xiaoxue.

“Are you having an academic exchange in Niyah?” An Xiaoxue asked directly, her tone slightly hurried.

“Yes, Miss An. Do you know what happened in Niyah?”

“I just found out. Where are you guys now? The Niyah Sector might be in turmoil soon.”

“Turmoil?”

“Shamera open a bad start. And this bad start is something that all the genetic committees on the Blue Star are unwilling to see or sit back and do nothing about.

“The forces of the other genetic committees might intervene in the Niyah Sector immediately. Perhaps the other genetic committees have already taken action.” Because it was an encrypted channel, An Xiaoxue was very direct on the phone.

Xu Tui was startled.

Xu Tui had thought of this not long after the incident. However, he had thought that there might be a change tomorrow, so he was not as anxious as An Xiaoxue.

Thinking about it now, An Xiaoxue should be right.

Power struggles had always been bloody. To a certain extent, Shamera represented the thoughts of an emerging group. Therefore, although Shamera was operating in Niyah, he would definitely be suppressed by the Genetic Committee of the other sectors immediately.

“Miss An, the original plan was to leave tomorrow morning. However, Mr. Luo has decided to leave overnight. We have already started flying,” Xu Tui said.

“You’ve already started the return journey? Alright, send me your location every 15 minutes. I’ll set off now to pick you up.”

An Xiaoxue hung up the phone without waiting for Xu Tui to say anything.

Xu Tui was excited. Ever since he had entered the Capital, An Xiaoxue was the one who cared about him the most.

“Xu Tui, I realized…”

Ah Huang’s voice rang in Xu Tui’s ears, but it was interrupted by the ringing of the phone.

It was a call from Tian Suqing, the director of the Special Intelligence Division of the Capital. This made Xu Tui’s heart skip a beat. He immediately accepted it.

“Researcher Xu, have you started your return journey? If not, please return immediately.” Tian Suqing’s voice was also very anxious.

“We’ve already started the return journey,” Xu Tui said solemnly.

“You’re still alert. I’ll send a special intelligence team to receive you. However, because of the journey, it will take at least an hour and a half before we can meet you. Please be on high alert for the next hour and a half. We have to be vigilant and keep our distance from any unidentified person.”

After she finished speaking, Tian Suqing was afraid that Xu Tui would not understand. She quickly added, “Shamera forcefully seized power in Niyah. The Genetic Committee of the various sectors and regions have already taken action.

“From this moment on, the Niyah Sector and its surroundings would enter a state of chaos. There are some people who want to take advantage of the situation and target you. You must be careful on the way.”

“I understand.”

“Report your location every half an hour. It will be easier for the personnel to correct your route. Remember, you can only report to me. Don’t mention this to anyone else,” Tian Suqing said.

“Understood.”

The phone call between Tian Suqing and An Xiaoxue fully explained the severity of the situation.

At the same time, Luo Shifeng also received a call. While he patted the back of Feng Qian’s hand to comfort her, Luo Shifeng smiled at Xu Tui and said, “Don’t be nervous. I brought you here. I will bring you back even if I have to risk my life. Besides, in this era, the people of the Huaxia Sector are not people that anyone can provoke.”

“Mr. Luo, I’m fine. Don’t scare Sister Feng.”

Hearing this, Feng Qian’s pretty face was filled with nervousness. She shrank her delicate body and leaned even closer to Luo Shifeng.

Xu Tui wanted to say something, but his expression suddenly changed.

“Xu Tui, I’ve found a total of seven types of particle signals on this repulsive force flying car. Five of the signals have a clear source, but the other two have an unknown source and direction. I’ll show you the information in the form of a document.”

Ah Huang’s voice sounded in Xu Tui’s ears. He was about to say it a few minutes ago, but Tian Suqing’s call interrupted him.

Xu Tui immediately flipped through it. He felt that the particle signal retrieval device was quite useful after he returned from the previous mission. As it had to be installed on a personal communication device, there was no need to pay too much attention to concealment.

Therefore, Xu Tui installed a particle signal analyzer on his communication device. It was slightly more functional than the particle signal retrieval device in the mechanical warehouse.

Of course, the price also doubled.

Xu Tui had spent 600,000 yuan on this ultra-miniature model.

At that time, Xu Tui felt that the particle signal retrieval function was too practical, so he added it to his personal communication device.

However, he did not expect to discover a problem not long after. Of the seven particle signals, four of them came from the four people’s communication devices, including the driver.

The other was the satellite communication device that came with the repulsive-force flying car. The other two unknown particle signals were fired once every minute.

He was certain that there was something wrong with these two unknown particle signals. The question now was, was the driver involved? Did the Niyah Genetic Evolution College participate in this event? Were there any problems with the security personnel in the other two escort vehicles?

This discovery immediately complicated the situation.

Xu Tui quickly considered the situation and sent a message to Luo Shifeng.

Luo Shifeng looked at his communication device. His expression did not change, but he first glanced at Xu Tui before looking at the driver in the front seat.

“I’ll try. Be prepared to deal with any accidents.”

Luo Shifeng sent Xu Tui a message. Then, he leaned forward and suddenly spoke.

“Hello, Mr. Driver. My stomach is a little uncomfortable and it hurts a lot. Can we find a place to land nearby? It would be best if there is a pharmacy in the center of the city.”

The driver thought for a moment and did not refuse. “Mr. Luo, I need to question the security chief who is escorting us before I can make a decision.”

“Alright, you’ve worked hard.”

The driver was wearing a headset. He dialed a number on his personal communication device and the call was quickly connected.

“Sir, Mr. Luo is feeling unwell and wants to find a place to land nearby. He wants to go to the center of the city where there are pharmacies.”

As soon as the driver finished speaking, a cold blade suddenly touched his throat.

The driver, who had not reacted at all, did not dare to move. He allowed Luo Shifeng to take off his earpiece and place it between him and Xu Tui.

Xu Tui instantly moved closer.

Professor Agassi’s voice suddenly sounded in the earpiece.

“You can land nearby and let him settle it, but you can’t go to the center of the city. Just say that the nearby cities have been cordoned off because of the Shamera incident!”

Luo Shifeng’s lips could not help but twitch when he heard Professor Agassi’s voice.

However, the moment the corner of his mouth twitched, Luo Shifeng hung up the phone. The tactical dagger in Luo Shifeng’s hand had already ruthlessly cut into the driver’s throat, directly severing the driver’s neck artery.

Blood splattered everywhere.

Agassi’s expression changed when he was abruptly hung up on. He quickly called back. But no one answered.

Then, Agassi called the captain of the guards.

“Xu Tui, we’re in a little trouble. But don’t worry, I’ll definitely bring you back. You drive the flying car, and I’ll look for a landing spot. This flying car has positioning equipment. We can’t stay here any longer.”

As soon as Luo Shifeng finished speaking, Xu Tui leaped up and squatted on the corpse in the driver’s seat. He began to control the flying car.

“Accelerate. Turn 90 degrees to the northwest. After flying at high speed for 30 kilometers, prepare to dive and abandon the vehicle.”

Feng Qian was immediately terrified.

As Luo Shifeng organized his combat equipment, he comforted Feng Qian, “Qian’er, I’m here. Don’t be afraid.”

Almost at the same time, Agassi had just dialed the number of Toro, the captain of the guards they had arranged. “Toro, the target might have discovered a problem…”

It was also at this moment that Toro, who was watching the flight navigation of the wing, saw the dot in the middle suddenly deviate from its course.

“Something has gone wrong. They changed directions. What should we do? We haven’t reached the scheduled delivery location.” Toro asked.

“Chase after them! I’ll report to them immediately. You guys chase after them. Just don’t lose them,” Agassi said.

“Alright.”

Toro responded and quickly chased after him in his flying car.

At the same time, Agassi dialed another number. “Hello, Mr. Wang. There has been an abnormality with the target. The flying car has deviated from its course. We can no longer send the target to its location.”

“You guys are…”

Mr. Wang, who was on the other end of the line, did not say what he wanted to say. “Send me their latest coordinates.”

“Okay!

On the other side, Xu Tui, who was driving the flying car and making a sharp turn, contacted An Xiaoxue and Tian Suqing immediately to inform them of the current situation.

“I’m already on my way. I’m traveling at full speed. Report your latest location to me when you have the chance. Remember, don’t panic,” An Xiaoxue said.

“The secret service team I sent to receive you has just been prepared. They will set off immediately. If you change your location on a large scale, remember to tell me.” Tian Suqing’s voice was very calm.

“Understood.”

A minute later, Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng, who had discussed how to deal with the situation, opened the flying car door and jumped off the flying car at the same time as they saw the two flying cars chasing after them.

The difference was that Luo Shifeng jumped down with Feng Qian in his arms. The moment he jumped down, the emergency parachute opened.

However, the emergency parachute only lasted for ten seconds before Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng cut the rope at the same time. The repulsive force skateboard had already been activated.

The only problem was that Luo Shifeng was carrying Feng Qian on his back, causing his repulsive force flying skateboard to sway a little.

Bang!

The flying car that had lost control slammed into the mountain below, exploding into a ball of intense and dazzling flames@@novelbin@@