Chapter 336 - Something Is Wrong With The Great Hero (1)

Chapter 336: Something Is Wrong With The Great Hero (1)

Translator:

Henyee Translations

Editor:

Henyee Translations

On the 6th of November, Xu Tui and Luo Shifeng set off again. They headed to the Ba’ath Sector to do their academic report. Everything was as usual.

Luo Shifeng still had his girlfriend, Feng Qian, with him. They were showing off their affection all the way. Xu Tui was extremely envious of them.

It was good to have a girlfriend when they were outside. It could increase the pulling force of the bed with the human body to the max. It was like applying 502 glue. He was not as bored as Xu Tui, who only cultivated and slept.

Suddenly, Xu Tui understood why so many people were pursuing a girlfriend.

The academic report from the Ba’ath Sector went smoothly. Due to the fact that the level of academic research in the Ba’ath Sector was relatively poor, the carriage fee was also 500,000 yuan.

Xu Tui felt great earning such money. It would only take two to three hours.

Xu Tui did not waste any of his time on the road. He read books and studied information related to ancient Huaxia Dao techniques. He continued to read ancient books related to mountains. He also began to read ancient books related to water in ancient Huaxia books.

It had to be said that Mr. Bian Yuan was a good teacher. He would grant any request.

Xu Tui only said that he needed ancient books and materials that required water, but Mr. Bian Yuan sent him a large pile of them. He even took the initiative to send it to the dormitory. There were paper books and also organized electronic information. He was very thoughtful.

When he was tired from reading, he would close his eyes and think quietly for a while. It was also very rewarding.

Xu Tui did not stay idle after he returned. He continued to train his physical fitness to the limit and locate his genetic base points related to physical fitness.

There were many things that became clear after thinking about it.

Xu Tui took the wrong first step when it came to improving his stamina.

Back then, he should have directly injected the Bull and Bear Genetic Information Delay Elixir. With his illusory introspection, he should have been able to locate the hidden information of this set of Great Strength Genetic Base Points in a short period of time.

Unfortunately, he had missed it now.

If he wanted to locate it again, he could only wait for half a month after the last injection of the Bull and Bear Genetic Information Delay Elixir was completely absorbed and metabolized by the human body. He would have to try locating those points during the next injection within six hours.@@novelbin@@

Now, he had already set the genetic base points that were generally related to physical training to the maximum. He could not give up halfway.

Moreover, such extreme physical training was not completely ineffective. Every time he trained, he could increase Xu Tui’s physical fitness by a small margin.

Of course, in the Great Genetic Era, the ultimate goal of all genetic newcomers who underwent physical training was to activate the relevant genetic base points and greatly increase their related abilities.

As a result, Xu Tui would undergo extreme physical training during the day and tire himself out like a dead dog. At night, he would focus his mind and start cultivating. He would become a dead pig when he fell asleep.

Of course, the improvement was also extremely obvious.

There was no need to talk about anything else. On the afternoon of November 7th, Xu Tui finally managed to accurately locate the physical fitness-related genetic base points with the help of the Extreme Branch’s relevant information.

On the afternoon of the 7th, Xu Tui activated his first genetic base point.

The increase in his physical fitness was not too obvious.

The Huaxia Genetic Evolution College’s normal physical standard for students of the Extreme Branch was to carry a load of 20 kilograms and travel 10 kilometers in an hour. That was considered a pass. Or he could carry 30 kilograms and travel six kilometers in an hour.

Xu Tui’s previous assessment criteria were that he had to carry 30 kilograms of weight and travel seven kilometers in an hour.

After activating the first genetic base point related to physical fitness, Xu Tui realized that the improvement was not obvious.

The result of the physical test was that he had carried a weight of 30 kilograms and traveled eight kilometers in an hour.

After that, Xu Tui activated the second genetic base point that was generally related to physical fitness. The improvement of the second genetic base point was still not obvious. With a weight of 30 kilograms, he could travel 9 kilometers in an hour.

This made Xu Tui a little puzzled.

Xu Tui only reacted when he activated the third genetic base point.

After activating the third genetic base point, which was related to physical fitness, Xu Tui’s physical test result was that he had carried a load of 30 kilograms, with a journey of close to 10 kilometers per hour.

After activating the genetic base points related to physical fitness, the increase in physical strength was only 40%.

The increase was really small.

However, after the physical test was completed, Xu Tui suddenly realized that he still had some energy left.

He immediately realized what the genetic base points related to physical fitness had improved.

It was the stamina reserves and the endurance.

The speed of traveling seven kilometers per hour while carrying 30 kilograms was already Xu Tui’s maximum speed before he started the physical test. He would be exhausted after an hour.

Xu Tui used an hour as the limit for the next few tests.

After activating three genetic base points that were generally related to physical fitness, Xu Tui realized that he could continue running at this speed after he ran ten kilometers in an hour while he carried 30 kilograms.

It felt a little difficult to increase his speed again, but if he continued running at 10 kilometers per hour, he felt that he could run for another hour or two.

There were a total of 19 genetic base points related to physical fitness.

On the 8th of November, Xu Tui activated the fourth genetic base point of his physical fitness and conducted an upper limit physical test. He ran for a full 40 kilometers with a weight of 30 kilograms and a speed of about 11 kilometers per hour before he felt the limits of his stamina.

This period of time was long enough.

On the 9th of November, Xu Tui activated his fifth genetic base point.

Xu Tui’s attitude toward genetic base points related to physical fitness, including genetic base points related to underwater survival and mobility, was that they were sufficient for the time being. He just had to slowly grind them down. He could not delay the main cultivation process just because he had activated these genetic base points.